I think Jackson just made his Jackson
what done no eyes that's okay
I think Calvin I think Calvin just made
his first little people oh and we're
about to have him take his first bath
okay Calvin this is your first bad beast
all you do so cute it's so cold I know
we'll get you a nice warm bath
Wow
it's not so bad is it it's like sweetly
Keith
it's almost 11 o'clock Calvin has had
his bath and now they're just hanging
out here and I know Ellie is in heaven
this is as much sleep as I have gone
since we came in what 30 minutes maybe
tops I've been laying here through
skin-to-skin and I even dozed off we've
been laying cuddle and this is like this
is heaven like family is heaven and I'm
so grateful for Jackson Calvin like you
just think like I fell asleep and then
kind of look up to hang one sound like a
little piglet are you crying like a
kitty cat yeah
well isn't this just the funnest thing
in the entire world I told you I feel
like I'm on a date we are on a date
we're on a date with her newborn this is
the longest I've gone without holding
him yeah he's been good to sleep huh
yeah I love him and we sleep in he eats
lays like I don't like to not hold him
and then he poops that's what he's
pooped three times three times in his
first day of living he's pooped he le
he's been alive he's been out of the
womb for more than 24 hours crazy that
is crazy
we have some delectable delights we're
watching the show and we're on a little
date o date I love my day how cute my
french fries they have a little girl
goes garnished Shawna yeah I got a salad
yeah
Pelham don't leave an out anybody dad
and I are going on a walk and I feel
really good in a little Calvin while we
go on a walk was gonna go to the nursery
he saw it dressed he said oh hang out
with some buddies in the nursery yeah
talk about how you know until agree
we'll talk about how how sweet are my
mama's milk is than your mama's milk
that's nothing I could not be more
thrilled with how wonderful the day has
gone everything about it has been
amazing I am so proud and so grateful
for Ellie she did such an amazing job I
am so grateful to have her as my spouse
and everything about today has just been
so amazing and what's interesting is
Ellie and I were talking while we're on
a walk throughout the hallways and it
was funny because we were saying that
like Ellie you found out that you were
pregnant at Walmart and then you went
into labor at that same exact Walmart
like what are the chances of that and
how funny is that we just thought it was
funny looking back on the whole process
and with all the videos that we've been
doing it's fun to look back and see all
the changes that have been made and
everything that's going to change going
forward our lives have change
and we're excited we are thrilled that
we could not be more grateful but right
now I am on a mission operation mission
mission I have to get some things from
the house so Ellie can get her hair did
you know the normal things like the hair
dryer rush what iron yeah
the hair dryer the flat iron and then
some of Calvin's new clothes and I'm
gonna shower
cuz I'm stinky well I think for the last
time tonight I'm gonna ask you this one
question Ellie are you doing I am doing
amazing I feel like a million bucks like
I have a he's just so beautiful and I
think I think there isn't why I feel
good is I was really nervous to feed him
because I was like it's um he's not
gonna eat you didn't want to repeat like
with breastfeeding with Jackson and and
he the moment the moment I tried he
latched on and he's probably in every
two hours since he has 24 hours I feel
so blessed and grateful right now to
have my family like to think about where
we started from and where we are right
now like so it's a miracle
Jackson's having a blast at Grandma's he
had pop for the first time today grandma
gave him root beer she I can't even have
dr. pepper grandmas giving Jackson
repair
she's like have you guys given him pot
before and I was like no she goes oh
well he's a sailor oh geez so wrap up
our night Jarrett's get out of the birth
blog I have a lot of editing to do
tonight I've been editing on off pretty
much all day today it's not a good day
that we've been relaxing yes it has been
good we've been together a lot today I
love you I love you too I love our
family and thank you guys so much for
watching we do this every single day so
be sure to follow along if you want to
see that adventure we're about to go on
all of these firsts we're going to see
all over again with baby Calvin
Kelvin's say goodnight do a handstand
good morning from my little family to
yours Calvin and I were just doing a
little bit his skin-to-skin we're just
hanging out and I just got my breakfast
which of course I ordered oatmeal
because I've been on a good oatmeal cake
which is good because it's good for
breast feeding but I miss little Jackson
mom said that he had tons of root beer
last night he's never had any pop but
she said he loved it
he was out late partying last night is
what he was doing good some root beer
with the guys having a good time he's
pizza yeah
Jared's working on the birth video still
and I have I imagine it'll be up later
this evening normally our vlogs got
first thing in the morning so we'll see
when I get that but we are just relaxing
this is what I love more than anything
hi Calvin hi so I have been on an
editing marathon every spare second I
have I've been working on the birth
video and it's been really really good
I'm really excited for you guys to see
it but with all the footage that we shot
I have like zero space left on my
computer so unfortunately I have to run
home in like empty the hard drive take
everything off that I can because I am
not even close to being done I really
want to make it special so Ellie is it
okay if we separate for just a few
moments while I retire to our house
and use our external hard drive to empty
my computer on to someplace where
there's much more space for them to play
there's much more room for activities is
that okay yes do you agree with those
terms and conditions I'm already half
way asleep oh okay Shaylee sleeping what
are you guys talking so loud this is my
answer
oh yes that what have we been thinking
all face time dad can you FaceTime now
okay well FaceTime yeah bye oh I just
called mom and she put the phone into
Jackson and she goes did you tell him to
kiss you and I said no she goes he's
kissing the phone
Oh FaceTime I was trying to FaceTime big
brother hi Jackson hey buddy hi hi how
are you do you miss us
hi give us a kiss give me kiss hi you
grandma give me give me a kiss Jackson
oh do I dog he says he's like nothing
window yeah yeah yes hmm
no button okay Jackson give mom a kiss
on okay we'll see you soon see you
tomorrow buddy oh you miss him yes I'm
missing thanks mom cry see Missy oh yeah
I want cry right now yeah he's having
fun
Jackson you're a rock star you look so
big I don't like Jackson baby brother oh
we are going home later tonight and
Jared has been working on the birth blog
all day so if he's either helping me
with the baby or he's working on the
video that's right it's almost done and
Calvin was really crying and I realized
I think I swaddled him a little I don't
think he liked to be swaddled so tight
science walled him and then he fell
right asleep so we're just cuddling and
Jared went and bought me flowers today
how sweet is that
so it's been a actually a relaxing day
just resting with the baby and Jarrod's
been right here the whole time to either
help me or he's been working but I'm
going to tell you tomorrow's Monday and
Bonnie is going to watch Jackson and we
are together get a stay in bed all day
be with the baby it's gonna be really
fun
okay dad you're buckling them up
buckling in my buddy
Bucklin Calvin well good grief I think
your elephants just as big as you can
see yes well as you can see we made it
home safe and sound and Ellie and the
new baby are just hanging out making
themselves comfortable thank you guys so
much for watching the video and thank
you so much for all the wonderful
support over the past couple days
especially on the birth video like my
mind is just blown if you guys liked it
be sure to share it with someone that
you know and we'll see you guys thank
you so much for watching again if you
guys want to follow along with our
everyday journey be sure to hit the
subscribe button we'll see you guys
tomorrow bye Martin
you can get across go on and push
