dougies a dog you think I do hear that
you see this Huggies well they're
actually callus their calves but that's
okay
what's that you see the dogs was a dog
you say he's panting like a dog he like
wants to go hey that is the cutest thing
ever
how many haircuts does is make for you
buddy
oh no for you looking like like that
wait a second whoo yeah now you're not
grab the eyes okay we're gonna do your
hair
you've got your Cheerios this is the
life buddy hi hey hey hey hey do it
again
say hi fresh haircut feels so good you
have to rub it against the carpet okay
oh you know the drill
you know how I like it now it's your
turn now what's my turn
coach did you need some Cheerios are you
to behave I'm like some Cheerios please
well hello handsome little guy yeah
Jackson woke up it was it was scary
almost Jackson woke up and he was
bleeding out of his mouth we're like oh
what's going on I think he might have
just bit his lip a little bit oh yeah oh
oh look how good you're here my boy
hello handsome and I think you did
awesome on my hair - thanks I am I'm
sweating I could Nellie
can I just give you like two gold stars
and two thumbs up and commend you you're
38 weeks pregnant and you just gave two
haircuts
to your men standing up and you just
filmed a video and I probably should our
today it's like day I wasn't trying to
point that out I was trying to point out
the shower noise you're showered I
showered didn't wash my hair Dustin and
dry shampoo put a little powder on and
I'm gonna wax my pits later and and
that's what I'm gonna do and I even
shake my little belly button so you
didn't have to continue to always
sometimes and my week
like the belly shot sometimes I clean up
at least peach fuzz on her hair it's not
bad cuz he's a he's a give a lot of
peach fuzz on your belly so it's not a
bad thing and everyone has a little pee
I know okay I am NOT having contractions
but I feel like I'm in labor
it is my back and my butt just robbing
it is like pulsating and going through
Walmart I'm just like I'm almost done
Jonathan I'm gonna go home and then I'm
gonna sit I I feel terrible right now
sure it's just a home working in
Jackson's asleep I'm getting some
last-minute baby things some little gear
in there but I just I cannot believe how
bad my back is throbbing right now and I
just dropped a peanut butter jar broke
Ellie has been experiencing some pretty
severe back pain and we're basically
just figuring out like if she's in labor
right now she's been like it's just I
don't know how to explain it she's just
she got back into the house so she's
like I can't I can't even move I can't
even stand my breath has been taken away
are you in labor right now talk to me
what's going on wait wait wait you just
got off the phone with the hospital so I
just called the hospital and I I just
said I am NOT experiencing contractions
but I'm experiencing some pretty
excruciating back pain and she's like
you can come in anytime and get
monitored so I just took a bath I feel a
little better but I'm Jenica said that
she would watch Jackson so I feel like
maybe here I'm gonna get my side now
that I'm sitting I'm gonna give myself
like 20 minutes so we'll just kind of
see and then maybe we can drop Jax off
and just go get monitored it's what the
lady says she said if you're not
progressing from the doctor's
appointment then you're flying on
Labor's right my jaw I lifted my shirt
up and Jackson kept touch my belly
button huh this isn't my back it's like
raw it's my back
my stomach huh that make that out ouch
hey can you get baby Calvin a hug oh
you're gonna see him soon Jackson oh
that is cute so Ellie just told me that
she's feeling like she did when she was
in the hospital with Jackson so our
understanding is that she is progressing
and she's just pacing around the floor
walking back and forth my mom's I just
go in go get monitor and I remember my
last doctor he's like if you're not an
excruciating pain they do not leave well
I think you're worried that you know you
might go and and the people will be like
oh yeah you're not even close and no one
wants to like yeah right but I mean like
they don't want to be like oh yeah
you're not even in labor but you know
you cuz you don't want to feel like oh I
am in labor but I'm actually not that do
you know what I mean that's what you're
saying but but it never hurts to go get
a check to go be monitored I feel like
I'm supposed to be in a little bit more
pain
I'll get him but I also feel like but I
also know that I went really fast with
Jackson and I think that I've just been
waiting to see if it continues to hurt
and it does so let's just go we're gonna
take Jackson and drop him off at Sam and
Jenna cuz recited over them and then we
are gonna go to the hospital so let's go
and see right now like right now I can
fill up worse than it was two seconds
ago like and my back so let's just okay
okay we're gonna we're going to the
hospital you're ready
Mama's ready I don't feel like I'm in
all that much pain but it doesn't hurt
to go get monitored especially for time
progressed and how fast Jackson came
daddy's rushing the camera back to the
tripod I've got the laptop the iPad I've
got the GoPro and you are know so it's
important thing oh my voice hair cut I
cut all your hair today and
you're gonna have a baby we're gonna
look good
yes you are we'll see we'll see I
thought that we decided to go in because
I was hesitant but I think that I shed
Jackson this is no time to play guitar
don't you know we have to get your mom
to the hospital Ellie
you probably don't think this is very
funny hey come on let's go thank you
thanks for watching thank you thank you
so much yeah baby on your back oh wow
look at that
thank you guys honestly thank you so
much I appreciate it we're so excited
okay Jackson be good be good for Sam
Iike okay see you guys
all right Ellie we're here here I just
feel it in my back we'll see ya for an
hour you have two changes see if it's
Labor what's your contraction doesn't go
from there okay and going from a three
to a four
is that like not a huge deal or is that
one since it's like Wednesday so there's
like a few days like that you know it's
dude give me a few days to go just just
sending over that's the thing that's why
I'm seeing my happens in one to two
hours okay okay I don't feel so silly I
am in labor but they're just gonna kind
of keep monitoring me I don't have a lot
of contractions like consistent but with
me being strut be positive they need to
get me antibiotics for when I have the
baby so it doesn't pass to the baby so
most likely they're gonna keep it I feel
like this is not what I thought it was
good like mate just not what I thought
it was gonna be
I don't know what to feel it's exciting
oh my hand maybe to get a kerchief
nobody's starting to cry so they're
having us walk around so Ellie can
progress a little bit further and just
kind of so they can monitor and
everything make her speed up the process
a little bit so I all he feels that she
needs to kind of bounce around a little
bit
I think that'll help I think that'll
help a lot
let's get a jump rope oh you did a jump
rope you're not dancing anymore my
dancing stopped real fast
why is that my stomach hurts really are
you feeling it uh-huh so how old is your
other boy he's 16 months
close
I progressed I prepared the dancing work
the dancing reservations so I have
progressed and I have an incense lunch
and it's usually the time we end the
vlog way past dinner and they said I can
snack on some stuff so I got some sour
cream and onion chips some jello and
pretzels but I've got a snack on before
they tell me no more food no going back
now
here we go put that away that's funny
why is that funny to me
well we've got our first guests already
hey guys Calvin oh we're glad you guys
came
are you guys ready for a long night you
know what we could do is we could play a
game all night and I brought my iPad
this will be a lot of fun dad and I are
gonna go hang out and you two girls can
labor and delivery okay you guys gotta
take care of business I know what I'm
doing now you've done this before like
it there she made this blanket for
Calvin oh thank you that is that's
awesome I am like staring at this dying
is this yours
what oh you're giving it to me
that's very sad dad's very sweet I would
never in a million
haven't you well mom wore this isn't it
funny when your mom has a perfume or a
ring like you just saw oh you know it
church your hands you always wear this
tree and I've always loved it no it's
mine thank you that's cute I really like
the colors the blue and the gold lapis
and gold moms always love that
combination thank you well I think we're
gonna call it a night probably hating us
right now but it's gonna be you're good
yeah yeah we're gonna be here for the
long haul but you all know we've been
doing what's that we've been sitting at
cameras down
look at the whole the whole people out
there they're like so we heard you'd be
filming right yep yeah oh this would be
a good spot yeah they were giving us
advises like where we should put the
cameras and it's it's gonna be a lot of
fun but we are probably gonna be up all
night so I'm gonna end the vlog here and
then tomorrow's video will be the birth
blog I'm hoping I'm hoping to have it
all finished by then yeah so think so
thank you guys for watching thank you
guys for coming
oh sure I love you get better we want to
get you back home so we can catch up on
alien Jared yeah me and Anna Sonya in
the hospital so yeah kind of crazy yeah
with what dad said I do want to say make
sure you thumbs up and subscribe so you
guys don't miss the birth video okay all
right thanks guys for watching have a
wonderful day and this might be the last
time I do this belly belly
