it is 5:30 in the morning why am i
filming I don't think I ever fell asleep
last night I don't think I fell asleep
and I am wide awake at 5:30 and I'm
starving
so I'm gonna eat and I'm gonna let my
boy sleep until they wake up around 7 or
8 and then you better bet your bottoms
I'm going to try and take a nap today I
was up all night tossing and turning my
stomach was throbbing my back was
throbbing my throat hurts my nose is
stuffy it was a very rough night for
Calvin tonight and Jared because we kept
him up
Jackson your brother's coming soon and
it's been a while since you've had a
really good shape I know we got to get
you all shaved up okay ready
just take some shaving cream you just
rub it right here just get it right and
then real good do you remember when we
did this last time you probably don't
remember you're just little you are due
for a shave okay do you guys remember
when Jackson had his very first shave
now it's your turn all right all
clean-shaven now you just take some cool
water and you just rinse yourself rinse
your face off good job buddy
you did good now you're all cleaned up
for when baby Calvin comes in all
reality I love watching my dad shave
growing up and I'm really excited to
teach Jackson and then Calvin how to
shave when they're a little bit older
but if you guys do want to get a
discount I have a link down below to
Harry's where you can get the Truman set
for 10 bucks if they ship right to your
door for free and it's really really
good stuff I really have liked it we're
just getting the hospital bags packed
and ready to go and and I just really
like the simplicity of a razor and
shaving cream and my Tallis fella and I
have jacks or Jackson's Calvin's a
little outfit to bring home and we're
just getting all my stuff right this is
crazy we are we are getting ready for
this baby celebrate good times come on
doo doo doo boo but um so I'm excited
because the transmission place called
the car is done so we can go back and
get our car and the best news yet once
you're three jump yeah it was not near
the amount that I was thinking of it was
like it's it's a it's a dream come true
it's I wished upon a star and jiminy
crickets head Jarrod go ahead and wish
upon that star because your dreams are
gonna come true if you wish upon that
star and that's exactly
I happened right Jackson right Jackson
say yeah say yeah
are you embarrassed of dad yes so we're
gonna drive down and we're gonna go pick
up our car we're gonna drive all the way
down then yours then we're gonna come
all the way back we're never leaving
we're never gonna leave again never ever
I feel terrible
house is so terrible
that's about it right it's my update for
you you feel pretty good to me you know
what Matt we just got off the phone with
my brother Matt and you know what he
said he said Ellie stop feeling terrible
and start feeling good okay I'll listen
to you Matt I'll do exactly what you
said he's good to yo hi well we made it
to Mama's all in one day did you hear
that did you hear that thunder did you
hear that Wow
its standard and why did grandma take
you hey scaly Ally yeah if the Thunder
still going look that big old cloud
that's crazy
hey hey pup he's already taking a shower
go away oh wait what's it are you being
soft with the puppy you've been soft
there's hey Jackson Jackson what is it
dog Issei and the thunder rolls tut-tut
looks like rain those clouds look angry
don't they
it hasn't stopped it's been rolling and
rolling do you hear that one oh wait
that's just an airplane well look at
that you see those they're like so close
to each other how many songs do you know
that have rain inside of raindrops keep
fallin on my head my dad sing that in
his band when he was young like my age
yeah raindrops on roses and whiskers on
kittens come on guys I've had two and
you have you don't have any splish
Splash I'm taking a bath that doesn't
count just have rain enough let the rain
fall down and denon done I just wanted
Jackson I my eyes are on him hey you
having fun Jackson is this heaven
is this what heaven looks like mrs.
Hammond he's sitting on grandma's
radmann eating as much cereal as you
want and it is just storming like crazy
mom mom he's been saying mom all day by
the way he doesn't say mom all that much
dad
you're confusing dad see mama dad dad no
he's been saying mom all day and he
doesn't yeah he doesn't say mom all that
much but all day around the house mama
mama-mama okay hopefully you can see the
rain a little bit better from out here
you can't oh there you go
you can see the rain a little better out
here
out front them back but it's just
storming like crazy so what just the
lights are off and we're just kind of
relaxing being quiet what do you think
Jared what's on your mind listening to
the rain me too good or bad or bigger
better
you have the type of game in elementary
school where you're going you know
that's kind of fun do it and it sounds
like a thunderstorm in it that's funny
and it softens up a little bit
that's fun
that's a thunderstorm with your hands
and feet can you guys hear all that rain
and all mom's flowers for Mother's Day
or finally growing this is a crazy storm
we should go in the back real quick and
see if you can just hit and with the
beautiful trees or without money now it
looks really crazy is the garage okay
I'll drop you oh it's okay so look right
here yeah that's crazy
it is just raining like crazy it's not
pretty
he's going crazy
oh I hope that you can hear that hey can
you hear the ring did you hear the ring
he runs Ellie let's take a picture let's
take a picture come out here one two
smile
why you're recording ya recording
yeah we're at the best place in the
world
now you're recording now here now you've
run out the camera
yesin because I did the record because I
know people aren't interested in your
make up stuff or the baby products I
know everybody I would rather be
interested in seeing what we do at Best
Buy everyone would have been interested
in the nursing bra but I just got and
Jared decided not to record now he wants
to record mom took Jackson will be put
Jackson down for a nap at Mom's before
we head home and we went ahead to Target
and I got one more the hall that I did I
got a nighttime nursing Brooke but I got
another nighttime routine bra so that I
could have two and switch on and off you
know so that's what I did and yeah
decided to record not interesting at all
it was I'm kidding I love you okay
either grandma was teaching Jackson how
to pray or Jackson finally caught on
that we fold our arms Jackson looks like
Kiefel job good job he's so proud of
himself fold your arms because you wanna
know why actually is if you look at the
piano there is some hand print a
footprint and then grandma said I just
turned for a second which is how always
happens how mom and then a little
footprint
Oh a little handprint and Jack oh and
another little little fingerprint and
mom said Jackson's finger was in Jesus's
hand saying what's that what's that
who's that who's that who's that be sad
and I said they said Jackson they said
that's Jesus what does Jesus say and I
was I don't wanna eat it and yet he just
folded arms Bulger arms will get they
heated not Jesus over because then mom
would all had to glue Jesus DEP together
and that would have been okay that's not
to do huh
but I gotta show you guys one thing real
quick
we go I haven't done this in a long time
but my parents growing up they always
would can tomatoes peaches own there's
even some peach pie filling they still
have a lot of peach pie filling oh but
the biggest thing is my dad's grape
juice in their food storage so they just
everything Owen green beans so
everything that my parents have canned
you know this is just a little bit of
food storage but something I've been
warning a lot lately that I haven't had
and they have tons of so I don't feel
bad taking some is grape juice it's just
pure grape juice that my parents have
bottled up and for years they would put
like sugar and stuff but what I think
they just realized that you don't even
need to have anything just for the grape
juice right in so yeah me so we're gonna
go have some grape juice and toast and
peaches for you it's very special in
this family if you've ever been outside
and see grandpa's grape vines Ellie do
you want to know something hilarious
I'm about to cry we left the camera at
Grandma's I'm gonna go on a road trip
I got the camera thanks mom I hope
reunited oh good to be home
good to be home right as I was pulling
out from getting the camera Ellie's dad
and brother just pulled up at dad just
got home from his California vacation
right oh it's good to be so I had to
stop and say hello but I've got to go
and drive the hour back so I can edit
the video that I'm talking about right
now
so I'll see you guys later okay take
care
I brought him well I made it back all in
the same day driven back and forth back
and forth Santa said Oh mommy times the
past few days I'm so sorry you had to do
that oh it's okay I'm happy too I just
want to make sure we've got it for you
know just in case something happens you
know I know
um I did film two videos and I did edit
three of my videos so our iPhone 5 the
bombs and dog calm these eyes that
didn't sleep last night you've been
working all day they're going to bed
thanks to those people who have
relaunched our teespring campaign can
you believe that
we lost again so I'll have the link to
it down below check it out guys you're
the best thank you so much thank you I
really do love the hoodies I cannot wait
to like wear mine again all righty Ellie
send them off we'll see you tomorrow you
know Brad you know grandma
