my blood pressure looks good and this
could be probably not the last but one
of the last times I have to pee in a cup
well we had an interesting night
wouldn't you say mom oh that Jackson
it's so interesting I'm sure we'll get
into that later anyway mom and I just
dropped off a car and we are crossing
our fingers that it because oh man I was
reading the paperwork if they have to
get into like the car like deep into the
car it gets expensive transmissions are
not cheap
anyway so we're crossing our fingers
they're going to call us as soon as they
have like an initial basic diagnostic
stuff to see if they can figure it out
from there but let's hope for the test
if Chad saw the way I talked this he
would be disgusted
well it's he's not here it's a leased
tarp so we won't get paid we don't have
to pay the extra fee for it but he's
still good at Charmin
this is the challenge for the next hour
so we're taking this to the dump mom and
I mano a mano
we're gonna take care of that okay dad
we've got it for you mom was about to go
and do this all by herself but I
wouldn't let her because I would I
wouldn't let my mom do this by herself
so I'm coming with you this is you're
gonna tag-team this
by my sad is we're gonna have a lot of
fun we're gonna have a bonding
experience oh you still have it that's
awesome
for those interested we came in at a
starting weight of 8,000 260 pounds and
ended with an ending way of seven
thousand three hundred pounds and net
difference of nine hundred and sixty
pounds
not too shabby nine hundred and sixty
pounds I loaded onto the term yes one
little bit at a time yeah you know you
can even elephant if you do it one bite
at a time but I'm sure I'm glad that I
came with you because I would hate for
you to unload all by yourself - thank
you - you're welcome dad you're always
at work on these work trips we all know
their work vacations where is he
California Shh it's probably at the
beach right now
give him a suntan dad but we all know
that if he went out to the beach it get
burnt so bad yeah in my defense I didn't
grow up with a trailer okay so when mom
asked me to come help it no mom mom
wanted to have a good laugh so she had
me back up the trailer into the backyard
did you feel the thought I only did a
hundred point turn that's all I had a
dude you know you know and then I was
like okay Jared I've had enough yeah
I'll go ahead and do it for ya you go
inside and shower and get yourself all
pretty I'll do all the tough work yes
yeah how are you feeling um I've been
like just like Jackson don't do that
Jackson don't you yeah I'll just sit
here until you got to do things and I
feel my stomach is going to rip open
I made the beds and then I went to get
jacks now and it's a it's right here to
this side this side that Paisley always
kicks there I am just like I feel like
he's gonna break my skin
oh I'm just sitting and do you think is
it like hydration like with lotion and
everything do you think moisturization
would help or you do pretty good at that
did he's just ready to he's just ready
to come he's good cuz I put lotion on
multiple times a day
I've been drinking water I'm just about
to pop he's trying to hold it there Oh
pick it up
are you do it again nope
well the mechanic has had our car for
about 4 hours and 42 minutes and they
have called and determined that there's
something wrong with the car
it only took them four hours to figure
that out they don't know what it is and
we've got dr. points we have business
phone calls I got get my hair done yeah
we've got a lot going on today so I I
don't know they said they'll call in a
couple hours to see the baby the baby
car seats in that I know I saw my eyes
like everything's in there I mean we
could go get it but I was like well but
go to the hospital and have a baby mom's
gonna come see me and you're in the
hospital fret today so she can always
bring it up and well maybe we'll just do
a little swap arewe a little swap swap
swap aru Jackson a little swap swap swap
aru okay Mozart I don't know if Rama
would like that tell me you playing some
awesome music we've got eat some lunch
he was standing on oh don't you go back
he's like oh wait gotta get my blanket
okay now we can eat lunch here you go
Jackson y'all competitive you set those
little doggies
got it good good job are you feeding the
puppy rocks
he doesn't like rocks you are so sweet
Jackson what is that this is a doggy
yeah Jackson's favorite toy and guess
what
grandpa has thousands of them for you
hall filled of rocks Hey that is Jackson
seriously his favorite he has two in his
hand right now you got two in your hand
and you have the whole rock pit
literally a rock pit that he can play
and he loves that I'm here to teach you
the finer points of a backflip okay
you're gonna listen very closely because
these things are very important to
slanting a successful back foot Oh
Jackson you can do it don't don't run
off the trampoline okay
we all struggle at first it's a it's a
difficult thing to do
but first and foremost you have to have
awesome staticy here just like this huh
second you got a jump really really high
in the sky and then you flip whoa okay
okay
oh you caught us we actually didn't do a
backflip but you could imagine right
goodbye goodbye Jemma well we're on our
way out thank you mom we're doing car
swap yep mom's gonna take our car which
is in the shop we're taking her car and
trade thank goodness you have car seats
grandma prepared so where you can find
 swab on ABC at 8 7 central it's a
new television show where people train
cars that's amazing have fun on car spot
so yeah we're gonna head on out anything
else you want to say we gotta go to your
point now or we're gonna be late
yep yeah let's go straight there this
could be one of my last times peeing in
the cups my blood pressure looked good
she told me that I should drink more
water I've been pretty good to stay
hydrated
though and I've gained three pounds last
week three pounds so I think I
officially way a little bit more than I
did with Jackson yeah
when I gave birth to Jackson so pretty
cool yeah making progress so now we'll
just see if I've progressed it off do
you have any bets I don't think I'm
going to say you are about the same I
last time I was 80% effaced and I was
like a 1 1 half maybe two I think I'm
going to be 80% effaced and it - yeah
because somewhere in here it defaulted
to your early ultrasound yeah which was
the 31st okay
so kind of anywhere film is okay your
brother that's the future they make it
that's him - knocking on door Jackson
pretty good regular yeah keep breathing
granny can do it
you're nicer than the nurse you're a guy
so what do I look like o3 wow we're both
wrong
it's awesome yeah that's what I was that
one right mental hospitals yeah good I
get some serious thought - how far is
too far
yeah because your last boil a count was
think like 120 okay so it's going down
yeah and that was March 12 and it does
it usually just go down from there yes
not usually precipitously right so Ellie
Ellie that's a lot I mean you are at a
three and you're 90 percent effaced
that's a lot of progression for a week I
think uh yeah I would say that's an
a-plus in progression on your uterus
good job you good you've earned a gold
star I'm feeling a little emotional
because I just have a lot to think about
that me and my doctor talked about today
we actually been talking for a couple
weeks but I just feel like there's a lot
on my mind and I think that sometimes
you just have to make decisions that are
best for you and it's really hard to do
that right I don't know there's there's
lots on my mind just I mean everything
is good the baby's healthy and I'm
healthy but just a lot of factors to
think about with you know there's a few
things with me you know that though I
have to factor into with having the baby
and the baby and it's just there's a lot
of things that you and I have to talk
about there's just there's a lot to
think about right now because this is I
know we've said this like every time
after the appointment but this is the
countdown this is the legit the
countdown it is and I'm grateful that I
have a good doctor that is open-minded
and which can we just say like he's
probably the best doctor in terms of
filming he's like super excited for us
to film in the delivery room he's like
do you want me to wear the GoPro like
we're right on my head I was like yes
please and I'm grateful for Jared
because you know any having a child is a
life decision that you talk about and
and then bringing the baby into the
world that's an you know there's so many
factors that you have to think about and
I'm glad that I have Jared to lean on
and that we can just think about think
about options and anything you've got me
and I've got you boys and gentlemen here
to make her grand premiere straight from
the room from the what from the one from
hairs from the hair salon coming in at
one hundred and something pounds
standing out brisk five foot two inches
away become what do you guys think she
got her hair did look the same probably
because that's about what I asked for
it looks good good huh I can tell it's a
little bit lighter it's a little bit
lighter but not very much I just I'm
having a hard time looking back at the
footage since you're working on your
project seeing me like bleach bleach
bleach blonde I'm like it's a little
harsh or maybe it's just cuz my hair was
like very dry well it's funny because we
go through phases and I'm like when when
we were going through that time I was
like I really really like Ellie with
blonde blonde hair I really like that
blonde hair but now most to my natural
like yes in general is pretty but now
I'm like Ellie I really don't want you
to go blonde blonde blah blah blah I
like this color a lot a bombshell could
you do that again please resolutions
bombshell because of Ellie and I'm a
bombshell boom Chicka Boom Boom Boom
oh you look really great I really like
it I got us a milkshake and some french
fries and we're gonna watch a show
because I feel like tons of pregnant
pregnant sit eat french fries cool all
right it's a date
thanks for watching guys have a
wonderful day and we'll see you tomorrow
wait did we talk about the appointment
at all yeah we did we tied it
okay I'm three and nineteen percent
effaced and we have lots of decisions
that we've got to think about my next
video there you go
it's for my dead Terry's got pregnancy
brain by Billy Billy Billy Billy Billy
Billy Billy Billy
