good morning it was a wonderful
breakfast but it is a little chilly I
think we should walk through tumble
square and feel the peace and beauty
because they're setting up all the
flowers if you guys didn't know Temple
Square in the spring and summertime is
just filled to the brim with flowers and
they're starting to put them all out
right now hey honey
he said hi to these days so we're gonna
walk through there and then we've got
some exciting stuff going on today
you
Oh
okay Lee I've got to go we've got to get
this vlog uploaded okay okay you go walk
I will Jackson you make sure mom behaves
okay can you do that for me OOP that's a
little slippery bathroom okay
love you bye okay so here's the deal I
just got ready in the hotel and the
Internet at the hotel hates our video so
it didn't upload last night so I'm
running over the Apple Store crossing my
fingers hoping and praying that they
either have really good internet or
they'll let me use one of their
computers to upload the video because I
want you guys to get the video on time
ready to rock and roll
but we'll just have to see and awesome
scenery right we're just walking in City
Creek it's a really cool mall here in
Salt Lake City and Ellie loves it and I
think later today we're going to bring
Jackson to this fountain here because
there's a fountain show like every 15
minutes or so it's a this right here
pretty cool huh anyway I got a run or
else I'm going to be late to get this
video uploaded as I was just ending the
vlog someone said cheerin Jared hey
how's it going and now they're running
down
hi how are you good what's your name
Madison is nice to me to your room nice
to meet you do you watch too
yeah oh it's nice and easy that were you
in case you only get hugs if you watch
the vlogs I'm kidding how's it going
good what are you guys doing school-bell
trap Oh at the mall that's kind of like
the best is oh it's your birthday happy
birthday yeah everyone leave a comment
say happy birthday I think this will
work so I just left the Apple Store and
it was amazing I got two videos uploaded
in like 20 minutes
the Internet that was so fast I think I
need to have an Apple store with me
wherever I go
or maybe just our internet maybe I
should get faster internet something
like that I don't know anyway I'm headed
back to the hotel right now because we
have a lunch meeting now we have to go
to so I'm going to make sure that
Jackson gets a really great nap we're
gonna go have some lunch maybe a lot of
fun I totally forgot to mention while I
was at the Apple Store and at the mall I
ran into a few of you guys and it was so
awesome to meet you you guys are so nice
and come with me like hey Jared how's it
going it's so cool to see you guys like
in person and you know say hi to me so
thank you for those that did can you do
your hair good yeah comb your hair
yeah he's taken after his daddy I'm so
proud you did it like one nice swift
motion but what's the guy off of happy
days hey what's his name gosh what's his
name uh laughs guys I'm sorry I can't
even remember his name the Fonz
the Fonz hey Fonzarelli Jackson can you
do some safe what does a lion say what
does the lion say what is a lion say
what is a lion say uh-oh what uh-oh
that's cute oh you know how it is we are
just making a quick pit stop to check
transmission
transmission fluid our car it went out
of gears with my mom like three weeks
ago and she was like that's weird like
it was like acting funny and then today
when we were driving home we were on the
freeway and it was like like revving so
that's the engine that's us I'm just
kidding we're just gonna track the
transmission fluid double check yeah and
check our oil and everything make sure
all our bases are covered for little
Betsy might be on our way out
Yeah right this is a good car this is a
good car she's on her way out don't you
go dying on me no you have to last us
you have to last us until we get a mama
car and then you down are so good so
Jared's gonna FaceTime the dad and
they're gonna figure some stuff up
Jackson John tree want tree from Grandma
shall give you one here money tree
degrees oh go go Guinea get in you wanna
Oh
it's dropping its V you ain't it come
here hmm eat it you you yeah me Edwin
that's a good one
we shown you what's in it Jewish shows
what's in it
mmm well we made a pit stop at Mom's and
we are going to have the neighbor look
at our car before we head up and check
on it and see what we should do
Ellie what mama what do we have to get a
new car whatever cars gonna explode we
have to get a new car what are we gonna
do about that what kind of car do you
want I want a mom car I don't know that
even means but I mean we would have to
enroll Jackson into soccer lessons yeah
listen whatever whatever gets doesn't
long car huh I mean that's something
that in the future will have to think
about it's kind of what girl will get in
the future totally I can't fit another
baby in the backseat
we already have two car seats back there
and it's full Toyota Lee we have a
Toyota that's why isn't Jackson you're
in for a treat
we're gonna take a bath in grandma's
Tahoe if you havn't seen grandmas tub oh
my goodness look how big that bathtub is
Jackson
don't you yeah yeah - so my swollen feet
oh how do you feeling sweetie
bless your heart I have a doctor's
appointment tomorrow and we're going to
stay the night so that you can get our
car inspected in the morning yes yeah
yes so there's something wrong with I
think the transmission so we're going to
get that checked tomorrow we have some
good friends who are mechanics and
they've told us to go to this specific
place so cross your fingers that it's
nothing too terrible because car
problems are not fun car problems are
not fun at all look upon somebody got
out of bed you can't sleep in your grand
mountains should crumble to the sea
can't dance dance I won't cry I won't
cry no I shit come and hug his head up
so he's dancing - as you stand villain
stand by me and you see if you can see
him hiccuping oh yeah you can see it he
has the hiccups
you see that one and that one okay Jared
because Jackson wouldn't go to bed I'm
gonna let you put him to bed again huh
yeah yeah you had to go to bed right now
yeah
you won't go bed won't go night-night
yeah that says yeah
holy Toledo compadre how are you iron
you are tired aren't you
I'm sorry you're amazing good i
yesterday some people are commenting and
people commented this a lot that I it's
fun filming yourself because one you
catch think what look good I'm less you
you catch things that you do uh-huh and
say you don't realize and that you stay
and everyone always says that I always
stare at your lips when you talk it's
cuz my lips are so it's true though I
think I look at people's lips when they
talk that's funny you just like to kiss
my lips actually that's it yeah
work it ago where do you see my
divemaster my shirt yes totally not like
you ink that was sucker look fun you inc
uh peekaboo one market see you could see
it boo boo oh this baby's you know any
time we are at moms we're gonna go ahead
and say goodnight and I'm going to lift
my feet up and I'm gonna rest and she's
probably gonna make me rub them which I
was happily obliged to do so and then
say with tomorrow we're just gonna rest
I have my 38 week appointment that'll be
fun huh thank you to everyone who's left
the amazing comments on my video like I
really do appreciate it thank you thank
you if you guys haven't seen I'll have a
link to it down below my dad and I did
an awesome cover of a song that we love
to do again thank you guys for all the
support we appreciate it
I'll see you guys tomorrow my belly
belly belly belly belly belly
