good morning and welcome to Salt Lake
City guys can you better sound like you
came to Salt Lake with us it's beautiful
good morning Jackson hi you just woke up
from a nap and goodness and all four of
us are heading into a what is this
called a lunch date my GDD a business
meeting we're having a business meeting
and we're eating lunch while we talk
about business and I'm so excited
because I love food and so does Calvin
and so does Jackson you know what food
sounds delicious right now roll the
intro
well if you guys have some more charts
TV the guys kids history and kid
snippets you were right how was lunch
Ellie it was so good and I had no idea
they were all brother
that's pretty crazy about died when they
said they were all brother yeah so we
just had lunch with it we were talking
about a lot of fun things and we might
be helping them with some other stuff I
may be in a wedding dress today Oh Ellie
are you getting married who are you
getting married I don't know but I think
that you don't have a handsome do you
want to marry me I would marry you any
day okay let's get married let's go get
married and that's a wrap
we just finished filming some awesome
video with Borchardt's TV if you guys
know who they are be sure to check them
out a link down below Ellie you look so
beautiful nine months pregnant in a
wedding dress oh oh look this is the
last day I'm wearing this like house
like I can't get it off I have to wait
until tonight and I'm like my god not
sweat it hurt so are you we're gonna
have to get some Dawn dish soap or
something is that what they do
I saw a trick online but so we just
finished filming a video when can we
expect this video to come out next
Monday what is the 25th or something the
25th of this month so just next week yep
all right be sure to check it out I'll
have a link in the next couple days or
whatever but thanks to you guys this was
so much fun we had a blast filming so
thank you guys so much for coming to
Dylan yeah thank you we appreciate it
thanks for inviting us it's so cool
Jackson was like the biggest trooper the
entire time we're campe√≥n so for like
you know a long time but he sat the
entire time he was so good
he's just free and now he's he hasn't
been standing for a while so he's having
a hard time running around but he's got
lots of space to run around here go
explore young one well well well good
morning Starshine the earth says hello
let me see your phone I was just gonna
say let me see your finger I don't you
don't look swollen at all I want to see
your finger though
you get it off no that's the other hand
oh look look at my arms like I judge you
definitely oh I think that's from the
pillow yeah well I I woke up this
morning I had sleep last night very well
and I woke up but I thought I am I'm
swollen and my rings been tight for a
while
uh-huh I mean it is just I mean like I
if I get off its gonna stay off yeah
well I was I'm hoping you can take it
off well I can but I that's oh I'm gonna
wait til I'm not as swollen
okay he's on your editing oh good
Jackson are you all done with the
finishing touches to the thumbnail for
the music video that launches right now
if you guys didn't know I have a music
video on my channel and come here
Jackson oh good job I'm proud of you
you're a good editor I just uploaded a
video on to my channel it's a song that
my dad and I did it's a song that we
love to do it's a beautiful song to me
and it's been around for years and years
and years it's called the water is wide
I'm gonna have a link down below so you
guys can check it out it's just fun it's
it's cool that my dad and I can share
these opportunities together and that's
really why I like doing is because it's
something for me and my dad to do and
it's nice because I don't really have a
lot of video of my dad playing guitar
I mean he's recorded some stuff on his
own but we don't have anything like
really really well done you know for him
playing music and singing and it's just
it's fun to have this for our family but
I got to show you outside it was sunny
and bright and everything earlier but
look how angry it is outside it's been
thundering that's crazy bye it's
supposed to be really big storm look at
the puddle right there isn't that crazy
okay Jackson I need those finalized in
you know like 15 minutes if you can
finish it
that'd be great I would really
appreciate it if you could do that I do
feel really swollen and like right here
it just like I oh my gosh it hurts to
touch right here but my throat doesn't
feel sore but like right here uh it
feels crazy so we just we were debating
tonight if we were wanting to stay
in or if we wanted to go out and go do
something but after the few hours of
filming I just saw and yeah I don't mind
you he'll just hit that building no yes
why are you how do you know I just saw
it
do you see the LDS Business College yeah
and the ksl building yeah it just hit
that building Oh like that's what it
looked like that's crazy that is crazy
and did you hear the thunder right after
I I saw I saw I'm sorry I didn't see it
we saw lift him up and show him oh
that's cute but yeah we didn't know if
we wanted to stay in or go out but I
Jackson was a trooper and I'm just gonna
count my blessings that he was so good
while we filmed today and so I was like
let's just stay in and I am going to
rest
Jackson you just rooty-tooty it in the
tub okay Jackson has been doing
something lately since he learned from
swim can you blow in the bubbles whoo
blow can you blow in the water blow in
the water blow bubbles oh and you did
that while he was napping I hit like I
don't even know where he did that in the
crib Jackson blow the bubbles in the
crib in the water look he's fine fellas
you cut where he's trying at least or
he's looking at I think he's oh I think
he's mostly drinking the water Jackson
but he was kind of trying to blow
bubbles it was cute I love you can you
lay your head down
can you lay your head down oh okay
sweet dreams that stream of that stream
of baby brother Jackson look at mama lay
your head down lay your head down
hmm what dream a baby Calvin yeah good
yeah we'll dream a baby brother give me
kiss Eskimo kiss hey hey
we've got butterfly kiss yet with our
eyes give me a butterfly kiss can't give
me one give me one give me one okay love
you
butterfly kiss goodnight love you this
is Ellie's ideal night this is the best
night that she could ever hope to have
in a million years Ellie is watching The
Bachelor and the Bachelorette
it's really weird this time around she's
got cheesecake and she's got two guys in
bed I'm bitter we have our friend here
it's a joke but technically it's true
like it is a fact but it's not what
you're thinking
this here is down you've probably seen
them in one of our vlogs before he's we
served in the same mission in Finland
yes and we are the MTC together and you
are just awesome and so this is not
Jared and eyes first time in bed no it's
good no yeah this is what this would not
be the first time we've been in our
first rodeo yeah and Finland you have to
share beds no you don't know you don't
share the sauna though I'm in the sauna
and then you have some intimate moments
that would be yes that's how I would say
we're having some awesome dessert just
kind of hanging out talking reminiscing
Dallin actually has he's part of a video
production company and I'm trying to
convince him to do daily vlogs origins
of lot or just any type of video because
Dallin is hilarious and ladies I'm
looking at you he's good-looking his
back well this bad oh look how I end his
beard is it hurt his trim no Jared Jared
he has a beard oh yeah I know
okay whatever anyway um but yeah
everyone in the comments down below tell
dunk Dallin what's your deal get off
your butt and start doing something with
it okay yeah I'm not as I'm just not as
good as you guys well I'm not as
interesting what this thing is because
we thought about - you thought that and
we probably still think that but I don't
know it's just like a lot of you guys
have said well I really wanted to or the
girl that we met in the ice cream shop
the other day like I've been wanting to
I'm like you had to jump into dailies
that's crazy but like do maybe one a
week and see how you feel you know I
really think documenting people's lives
is gonna be a new thing
just like journal writing I think video
is gonna be huge
I literally don't know why tonight or
why today I decided to start smelling
but like my arms are so bowline my
fearsome and my hands are so on the pad
look look I am trying with all of my
might look all of my might not hurt like
are we going to be able to get your ring
on yes I just give you a cold water but
I think Jared you should film it because
don't know it should film oh I because
that's what we do every day so running
cold water on my hand I think I can not
we need to get the string the tooth
floss and we need to like wrap oh my
gosh Ellie I saying here wanna cry right
now I just I don't feel well like my I
don't feel well I could just leave it on
and maybe do it in the morning like I
don't hurt yourself
I don't really you're making me nervous
I get hurt like that is the sausage oh
no it happened today yes you could take
it off yesterday years ago I was like
what was a little tight but I just it
was overnight I I've been drinking water
where spray why don't I got work why do
I want out I just think that I don't
know why I'm really writing maybe we
should just know I'll do this little oil
and if the oil doesn't work and then
I'll figure it out later
this is oil like hair oil okay there we
go Oh
oh my gosh look how Brad oh oh oh you
got it
oh you got it good job thick your finger
just go for it outside
oh my god look look look at the indent
oh oh my gosh it went I I swooped I big
laughs Ellie I think it's pretty cool
that you were able to go nine full
months before taking her dog I think
Jackson I was like 23 weeks I don't know
I was able to go this longer but let's
go to that okay I don't feel
we'll come here thanks for watching the
vlog guys I hope you enjoyed it kinda
fun being a bride I have fun being your
groom
I do hmm we're going to have all the
information about that video when it
comes out so stay tuned we've got
another meeting in Salt Lake tomorrow
I'm excited for that too
I feel like this is like this is crazy
this is our life that's not normal for
us so that's kind of it's fun yeah okay
thanks for watching
belly belly belly belly belly
