son you've got some explaining to do
and not just that you're in my drawer
with nursing pads you have more
explaining to do follow me come on
follow me come on you follow mama you
have some explaining to do that I see
that you need to explain to everybody
what you were possibly thinking with my
lush bar son you took three bites out of
that that's not okay I still have about
three weeks left I need to use that you
can't just take it and bite it oh okay
if you guys discipline your kids by
putting stuff in their mouths do not use
a lush bar because they will like it
Dixon that's Aakash come here okay
I gave it to you but I didn't really
mean to to give it Oh Anna turn the fan
on
Hey okay I'm just gonna fill me running
okay let me see it let mom myself oh
okay Sonia bun so on your bun he's that
kind of good good thing it's all natural
or I think it is at least yeah Jackson
totally took a ton of bites out of this
this morning and I had to like get out
of his mouth and I was like you can't do
that and then I found him again and he
got into it again oh look it's still in
your mouth okay
no more all done I'm gonna go put it
away and hopefully he will not get into
it again and then I have to put on my
nursing hats away oh you kid that was so
funny I was like he likes up in his
mouth how so funny let's go find daddy I
think we should officially say good
morning good morning guys happy Sunday
welcome to our kind of sometimes one
takes some days I think Jairus just
getting the car loaded and packed
because we have some duties to attend to
it's all charged you ready for your
wrist who's your wrist ready okay it's
ready it's only 81% charged nope is it
so deke is that what I said yeah
mattalast unit today for at least dr.
well thank you I've got a charger for
two you know it's crazy what I always
have a panic attack because well not a
panic attack a heart attack I have I'm
very particular about packing my
electronics like my laptop the iPad
chargers and everything boy nice to do
it yeah um hey I have everything the
cars packed ready to go and I'm doing my
second sweep through the house cam what
else so I need to get what else do I
need to get I looked under my table like
oh if I would have forgotten charger and
chargers is a laugh OH
we would have had to come back and get
it or buy water and they're not sheep
they're not cheap so I'm glad how much
are they like depending on the voltage
you have to remember when would be 60
bucks no I could have sworn it was $80 I
remember we were going cheapest one is
60 okay I think I remember one time we
needed one when we were in school and we
were like oh like we are just like we
have to make wigs or do you want a
laptop charger yeah what it is yeah yeah
we have some duties to attend to in Salt
Lake Oh Monday and Tuesday and so we
were gonna head up to Salt Lake and do
that and there's two things I'm excited
because we're going to be able to meet
some new people and I think we're going
to do a video up there I can try to film
a video every day and we're gonna film a
video and I'm really excited for you
guys to see I'm not gonna say who it is
until we're actually there you I want
you guys to guess leave a comment down
below who do you guys think we're gonna
make a video with on Monday well and I
really don't know all the details so I
don't I don't know if it's all set in
stone either so I don't I don't know I
all I know is we're doing lunch too so
but lunch dates are fun filming is fun
meeting new people is fun but I am a
little nervous because I am so close to
having this baby it could be any time
now so it's a good thing Salt Lake City
has the best of the best Hospital
downtown just in case I was like Jared
you better pack all of the chargers for
the cameras just in case we make a trip
to the hospital last night was fun
because like we were pretty much getting
ready as if we're gonna go to the
hospital because you know if something
happens we've got to be ready so I have
the DSLR I saw three extra chargers for
it I have our vlogging camera I have two
extra batteries for it I've got all of
our tripods I mean like I had like a
charging station so I should have taken
a picture because everything was
charging the GoPro it's it's amazing
like that little camera bag has so much
to it I think we need a dip I I liked
our camera bag I think it'd be fun to
get something that would fit like a
carob bag inside the camera bag
you know what I was going through old
footage and I remember you got me that
camera back for my birthday Father's Day
Father's yeah thank you you're welcome
huh I have a question what's wrong when
we've been doing videos or I guess
whatever job you have you collect stuff
if you work at a phone store you
typically have a lot of cell phones or
if you are like a construction worker
you have a lot of tools if you are a
cosmetologist yeah cosmetologist you
have a lot of flyers and combs and color
all with YouTube we have our fault like
that office that you are so funny rocket
backward Julie's going to be the Buddha
Moslems bad but in our office we have
like you open up our our closet and you
see like green screen tripods batteries
multiple cameras we probably have four
Canon cameras and it's just crazy how
much like the job that you have you
accumulate it and one of my lights just
went out to for my video so we're gonna
have to figure out what kind of lighting
well I want to get you a ring light I
think that'd be fun those are a lot of
fun but yeah maybe some type that
nothing fun I think I've been doing good
with the one light for now but in every
fun so it's kind of fun so dude what
jobs do you guys have that makes you
keep me late oh we're like hobbies like
if you read you have a ton of bugs so
that's kind of fun I want to know what
your hobbies are because I think you
know YouTube is kind of like a hobby of
ours like we like to we like to push it
at when we can like when we can't I like
to do things creatively I want to try
and make like more film
esque YouTube videos and I'm excited for
my channel because I have the
opportunity to do that I just grabbed
something from underneath here which by
the way shameless plug go subscribe to
my channel because on Tuesday at 10
o'clock Pacific time I'm going to be
launching a new music video so be sure
to knock it out down below go to my
channel and subscribe it's cute it made
me a little teary-eyed because it's with
Jared's dad and that's one of the things
too that I like about the
videos is because we have like our
family in it and like yesterday when my
mom came to visit it's like how sweet
like someday we're going to look back on
that and be so grateful that we film
that but I'm not done talking about
hobbies oh sorry I want to know what
your hobbies are listed down below like
leave a comment because I think it's
always fun to develop your talents and
find new talents because have we not
started this we wouldn't have known
about it you know yeah I know there's
things that Ellie would like to try to
do
oh yeah just we haven't had the
opportunity to do yet what is he playing
with well just to watch Jackson Jackson
is teething his molars and so with
teething you get like so much snot it's
not its price it's it's it's not it
seems good it's crap so yeah let me know
what your guys's hobbies are because I
think you're fun to discover any one one
hobby that I want to get more into once
we have more time it'll probably be a
few more months but I want to get back
into streaming on Twitch I think playing
video games especially like the Mario
games with Ellie that would be a lot of
fun mario kart mario world hey hey what
are you doing are you rolling around
are you rasslin are you Rathlin do the
suplex piledrive suplex and roll back
hey look how big your body is well the
thing is like we we have a pack and play
and he like is as big as long as the
pack and play you know he's getting big
I think like with Calvin coming I it
would be fun to try and like I don't
know I don't know like talk a little bit
more about like how we like feel like I
don't even know how I feel because a lot
of people are out to make are you
nervous or you excited are you scared
and I wasn't up until now
oh it's going to be like it'll be great
all it'll be fun but I think that I'm
getting more sad only because I know
it's not just going to be him
you know what oh gosh there Timmy I'm
already carrying a ya figure this isn't
this is gonna be Ellie showed me the
picture of the diapers yeah oh hi I'm
not trying to is I'm gonna have to take
the diapers and slap your face I am so I
gosh I'm sorry guys we cry a lot I do
cry a lot and it's because it just means
so much like seeing those two diapers
next to each other and having another
little boy that's just gonna be so
exciting
yeah it's gonna be so great and I'm
excited because I'm gonna have a lot of
one-on-one time with Jackson - yeah
because you're gonna be yeah yeah I mean
it's not that I don't have one-on-one
time with them now but it's just like
it's gonna be I think it's gonna be a
little bit different and special because
Jackson's gonna know something's
different but I am scared but not like
fearful I'm nervous I'm excited I just I
want Calvin to have everything that
Jackson did because everything that
Jackson did and went through to me was
perfect it was perfect and and I agree
but you I have to look at it is like I'm
the youngest and not the oldest sister
and I have my sisters in between they're
my brother and it's I had a completely
different childhood than my brother you
know and it's like I I actually I don't
know like I got more things then he did
but if you think about it it's not the
themes that matter but like that's just
how it was that my parents they had a
set job and they were more they were
further in their life but if you touch
my brother he would say well my
childhood was great
like it's just every perspective yeah
and so it's just so different so it's
going to be interesting to me to see how
and where we are at when you know how
you know it's just crazy it's just crazy
to think well when when Ellie was
holding Henry yeah
Jackson was like huh mm-hmm he was kind
of like he started like I'm trying to
get on Ellie and climbing Ellie and I
think I think for a little final I'm
anxious to see how Jackson reacts I
think I can nervously what are jealous I
should say isn't he the best
well okay hey come kiss the kiss the
bouncy ball kiss the bouncy ball um when
yeah my close offender he was kind of
getting a little like antsy and I think
Jackson plays balls sometimes Jackson's
laughs and decel sounds like a cry or a
whine hey hey um Jackson gets along well
with his cousins and he plays really
well so but I see that when the new baby
grows we'll probably be a little like
what you talking about Willis this is my
house but I think that he will adapt
really well
oh I think so Jackson is an adaptable
kid and I think that's throughout his
whole life he's just been adaptable yep
he's nodding in agreement right
I am excited I cannot wait guys you know
me I'm just an emotional mess I'm
probably gonna cry more than Ellie does
when Jax or one Calvin things my I don't
know nope I cry because I'm like hurting
but any day now yeah any day thanks for
tuning in to the one take guys have a
wonderful day make this week awesome I'm
I love the start of a new week because
it's brand-new you can do some things to
make changes are you getting ready for a
belly shot
I'm I want to
back and see what my bear belly looks
like yes I want to show it because it's
already changed the past few days
hi Jackson hi sorry Jackson's in the way
it's I'm not saying in the way but but
it's just has changed a lot the past few
days because it's been stretching so
anyway belly shot almost 38 weeks this
week so thanks for watching you tomorrow
bye Janie Swami Swami Swami Swami
