good morning good morning how's it going
good don't worry Jackson's just played a
little xbox he's played a little grandpa
good morning off you know I guess what
are you doing oh you know just uh
washing these dish new well thank you so
much for waiting room sleeping you're
welcome so much I hope that you feel
better because I know last night you are
not feeling good yeah I went to bed and
my stomach really hurt a lot of pressure
and I woke up this when you slept good
son hey slept l8 I know that's really
good that's right and that rhymes
I think I do tired too like uh um I woke
up this morning and Jackson slepen and
Jared took him and went and ate and is
doing the dishes at least what looks
like it's doing the dish and I sure need
the water so well thank you so much you
kattiline me you like your mama you like
your mama yeah
Oh grab it Jackson did you Jess
slow down did you put beer fans from the
outside yeah what was that I think this
junk
haha
you are my son you are my son that's
funny
do you know how many times I have woken
up and have had chocolate all over my
sheets because I've gone to bed with
chocolate that is me that I am that
person that is so fun he was laughing
when he smells his bum - did you hear
him giggle
I got chocolate Oh boom hey Jackson do
you want to come with me you want to
pump some iron you want to work on those
muscle groups that you've been wanting
to work on he's like not a so homemade
chocolate mom I've got chocolate on my
butt and I intend add chocolate on my
face - oh and complains
oh my god John it that's like my
favorite thing he does hi hi hi mama
how are you sweetie good what are you
looking at what are you looking at burp
cloths oh my gosh burp cloths that's
what I'm looking at I get my butt kicked
at the gym today well there son whoa
there calm down don't make too many
Amazon one-click purchases kay I know
it's good stuff Amazon is very tempting
so Ellie and I had three chargers for
our phones and I'm not sure how but over
the course of time we have lost one of
them one of them has broke so we are
left with one phone charger between the
two of us and an iPad so I am at brother
Best Buy right now and we are getting
some extra chargers for our daily use
and then some for the hospital bag Ellie
is currently at home
getting her hospital bags ready to go
because we have no idea when this baby's
coming so come along for the ride guys
were going to Best Buy I know I've been
going to Best Buy a lot lately but
everyone loves a Best Buy run you know
can't go wrong with the best my little
man brother Best Buy
I am disappoint this is like the third
time I've been there this week and I
haven't been able to get what I wanted
so going across the street to the other
local cellphone provider
see what they can get for me I have a
small temporary albeit working solution
to my problem look at what I have here
guys this right here is my laptop this
right here is the iPad and if I drag
this screen right over here BAM I've got
two working monitors so I think this
will help me work on the project
now that's one project I want to talk to
you guys real quick about another
project that I've been working on for a
long time
this coming Tuesday I'm going to have a
music video released on my channel it is
something that my dad and I worked on
while Ellie and I were last in
Washington it's a song that my dad and I
have played in the past you guys might
recognize it from some of the videos
that we've done but we've done it and
we've recorded it I recorded it we
played we sang we mixed and mastered we
did everything ourselves and we're
excited for you guys to see it this
Tuesday at gosh I think 11 o'clock or 10
o'clock Pacific time it's going to come
out I'm gonna have a link to my channel
listed down below be sure to subscribe
to that channel so you guys don't miss
it I'm really excited for you guys to
see it because I think there's going to
be some bigger better things coming from
my channel here shortly be sure to
subscribe if you guys haven't already
and I'm excited Jackson what does a lion
say or as a lion say what does the lion
say tell me what does it I'd say go
right
Oh someone's at the door someone's at
the door the door did you know she Oh
and walk in
did you know grandma was gonna come say
hi I was just telling him what does
Hawaiian say hey hi give her a kiss you
know what yeah it's Jackson sir come on
in Vander Holyfield this just goes to
show that Olivia wasn't lying yesterday
little Jackson look ahead and Holyfield
was on the receiving end him no bike
might talk anytime either wet
yesterday Olivia started screaming and
crying Jackson beat me and I don't like
we've linked her but it was like anybody
my chest but he just had down a bigger
foot mm-hmm gonna have another love come
our he is just loving on you and you're
kissing grandma came to say hi just for
a little bit and Jackson's not leaving
her alone
yeah what's that it's raining outside
yeah but what was cutest I didn't even
have to ask for those kisses you just
volunteer done huh what yeah I can kind
of have a Tyrael huh are you having to
you so hungry share your teasing rap
about to all the time by the time I'll
let you know okay what have a see you
guys say bye Jackson
BYE MOM
I see guys yes bring you politely yeah
goodbye brother you'd be sad and she
goes say bye say bye drive sig Ellie's
telling me how she's feeling and I know
that if I pull the camera and pointed at
her she's not gonna tell the truth so I
want you to hold the camera and I want
you to tell what's going on because you
are gonna want to look back on this I
will tell the truth you hold it I'll
tell the truth
well one eye I woke up this morning or
last night I told Jared I said I have to
let you work but I know I never do if
I'm home so I'll go visit my mom then I
woke up this morning and my stomach felt
just really slight tight and I feel like
everything's moving down you know like
my skin is just feels really stretch I
was like I'm not going like I can't go
and then guess what my mom Mother's and
Steen's mustn on that because she called
me this morning and so I think I'm going
to come see you and I said ah okay so
what can I visit it and now I'm sitting
here and I haven't done much today I've
been doing the baby's laundry but my
stomach just feels so like I feel like I
just can't move so I told her I said
it's only five by four that's fine
oh it's not even four o'clock yet it's
almost for your poor thing I'm gonna go
take a bath and like trying just to have
my stomach like not be so tight and yeah
they're so tight yeah and Jackson keeps
biting me he's biting ideas on a biting
streak that Mike Tyson guy I don't know
what's going on he just likes to bite
Olivia he likes to buy grandma's toes
he's bite right in mine his teeth must
be bothering him a little bit well um
I'm gonna either put Jackson down for a
nap or I'm gonna watch him so you can
take a bath okay and if you need me to
rub your belly I will do that Oh
here right right where it's tight that's
right keep filling this foot do it again
do it again Lily what are you doing
you're singing singing spinning round
and round Eagles watch out for the
closet
spin spin around do it again he's dizzy
he's been acting so different lately
like you a little Isis playing yeah yeah
fall oh he's like mom I don't fall I'm a
professional spinner I've been doing
this for three minutes it's so funny I
ran to go find the camera because he's
been doing this for a few minutes now
look look at him yeah what a cutie whoo
you're dizzy oh are you okay like dad
you're in my space I need space to spin
I do not know Jess I can't write enjoy
all the contractions and it's not a
contraction it's just the brats and
contractions like are taking my breath
away but they don't hurt so it's not
like no contractions but I just my
stomach hurts I it just it's all
stretching and like everything on the
sides of my stomach
josh is really geeky G whoa whoa there
you okay hey yeah okay but anyway I
don't know I think we're gonna end the
vlog like yeah I wanted to talk about
something real quick
yeah something business-related Elly and
I sometimes do ads on our YouTube
channel sometimes you guys will see us
in pre-roll ads we want to make sure
that you guys know that those ads are
something that we make sure we agree
with something that we enjoy some
that is aligned with our like morals and
values and everything we wouldn't do
anything that we didn't agree with or
didn't like there are some times that
you guys see us in articles pictures
online and everything and sometimes we
aren't aware of those and sometimes we
aren't aware of those situations and
sometimes we aren't aware of a stitch
and sometimes we aren't aware of them
and sometimes and sometimes we aren't
aware of those I had to leave the room
because Jackson was making us laugh way
too much anyway what I wanted to say was
one of my favorite things is going on
Twitter and seeing tweets be like oh hey
Jared I saw you in this or hey Ellie I
saw you in this commercial I love it
when you guys see us on the things that
we've been working on I want you guys to
know that we take our honesty and our
integrity very very seriously and
sometimes we don't have 100% of control
of the ads that go on our YouTube
channel anytime there's an ad that we
really don't like or don't want running
on our YouTube channel we try and fix
that and so when I say it's cool to see
when you guys tweet us these pictures
and videos because sometimes people will
take our pictures and videos and use
them without our permission and heaven
forbid it may be on something that we
don't agree with so what I want to do is
like say thank you to you guys who let
us know when you see these things
because sometimes we don't give
permission to these companies to use our
pictures or use our videos a lot of the
times most of the time those are
something that we do those are some
things that we filmed and we've worked
with a company and those are things that
we agree with sometimes though we
they're not and we won't even know about
it so it's nice to know that you guys
like have our back it's nice to know
that you guys are looking out for us and
telling us about these things whether
you know it or not you guys are helping
us out a lot so thank you guys so much
keep it up keep letting us know any time
you guys see us outside of YouTube or on
YouTube anything that you guys see of us
thank you for letting us know and keep
doing it because it helps us out a lot
thank you guys so much for watching the
vlog today we had a lot of fun Ellie I
really really think she's getting so
close to the end her pregnancy because
she is I can guarantee she's downstairs
she's sitting on the couch 1 2 3 jump
oh she's sitting down here on the couch
all comfy in a row say hi say hi buddy
stretching my gosh yeah I just I moved
spot to spot to sit to sit well as you
should I want you to be and stay
comfortable because we're gonna have a
baby soon so with that thanks for
watching guys tomorrow bye
member
