come on fast as you can our cousins are
coming they're coming they're coming
so I've been practicing making some
recipes for when the baby comes so I can
kind of like free stuff or not recipes I
guess more like snack so I made some
zucchini bread the other day and I
figured what I like to did like about it
and then today I've been making some
like almond protein oatmeal butter balls
Jackson and is you kind of a rough
morning because all he wants is those
chocolate chips and I saved a little bit
in there so I could feed him a little
bit and he's loving it so I wanted to
show you I've gotta go gotta feed the
baby or those Cheerios do you like um do
you like those Cheerios yeah you do
I'm just sitting with Jackson I just
have been having a lot of sharp pains
and of course he's just you know laying
on Calvin hanging out but I'm just lying
here kind of sitting here relax so
Jackson I just feel lots and lots of
sharp sharp pains so I'm just sitting
relax
how come you all are so cute how come
you all are so cute all of us little
cousins are waiting for cakes they
arrive because my put the funnest so
Kate and baby hungry is coming we're all
gonna hang out what do you have I have a
scratch hitting me yeah you got a little
treat for Kate this my day and you got a
treat my sister-in-law Emily she's
coming we're all gonna hang out she's
bringing her brand-new baby and all I
want to do is try my new wrap and wrap
him up and show them so hopefully we can
get that done today except that's all I
want to do I just want to wrap that new
baby up and see how I like my wrap
Jackson this is gonna be you and just
you're saying please this is gonna be
you and just a few weeks there's a belly
button
what's that say who's that baby cousin
Henry hi Henry I cannot believe that
this is going to be me and just like a
few weeks okay you're pushing hard or
soft is that not so crazy I do not
believe it but I think Emily said that I
can um wrap him so I'm excited to do
that so I'll have to show you is this
okay how tight this is yeah I think so
so put him like this shouldn't be to
hold him and do a little frog yeah so we
figured this would be easier when I'm
not pregnant yes and my little belly
would be in the way okay like that
mm-hmm
your belly's in the way he can't slide
down cuz your tummy's holding him up
well they saw happen I did it and then
lifting up to support him disappoint him
oh hey just doing it he's like no way
well that kind of makes sense likes all
my bellies and I get this is kind of fun
to just try oh that's really sweet in
Danang it's not Henry you'll put this
over him I thought he didn't yeah he
won't like that no so he doesn't like
that over his head no Calvin down and
late
Oh cuz his neck I see why angry I like
this I feel comfortable thanks a lot
retrial so how did it go Ellie it went
really well it took me a few times
because it was hard not knowing what I
was doing
my belly well I was just gonna say and
you're really not supposed to be
pregnant while you're wearing it right
is that kind of a I don't know didn't
really work I guess I shouldn't say not
supposed to you could totally be
pregnant and wear one of these but yeah
but I'll different I get to try it when
I don't have a big belly you're a good
little model aren't ya it's so good
yes especially for not being mom and
having a big belly in the way he was
like I'm so high up you know what guys
what we're all wearing Ellie and Jared
shirts today except for Emily I'll be
right back
what's going on in here hey do we say
you could come out is that the rules do
they have to stay in there they close
the door you guys closer guys get back
in there Cody wants you to go in and
close the door Boston what are you
waiting for
nope no I think he was really sad
I'm sure you guys know that Jackson
suffers from major FOMO fear of missing
out it's a good thing Emily I prize oh
thank you laying down good I made all
the kids a little chocolate sandwich
with jelly and they each got some little
crackers and they have some water and
then US adults God boy no characters
Justin you go sit with your presents is
this where they're gonna eat okay all
the kids will eat on the floor and us
adult will sit up there pick up was my
buddy Joel I find I literally was like I
like it was a baby
what kind of is that but yeah all the
kids were they're gonna have sandwiches
and we're going to eat this is been a
really fun day because it's stormy
outside and it's raining and it's been
fun to have little cousin Kate and Henry
and all the rest of the cousins look how
cute they all are all our Jackson still
doesn't know how to stay put
learning on forgery we're talking about
sharing and staying oh yeah but I have a
sandwich for Jax and I'll make sure he
gets that so we're here at the light
store getting Jolie some lights for the
basement for Cody's room actually we're
gonna put get some lights in your room
is that right hmm yep thumbs up you know
supposed to be here the light store
Jared how does it feel it's very
illuminating Oh
anybody got a light cuz I've got a
bright idea Joel said that like two
minutes ago the cars I took it from him
but they've got these old nostalgic
light bulbs and check it out isn't this
sweet
boom boom it's like Thomas Edison built
that one I was just gonna say it feels
like we're living in the early nineteen
hundred's but Tesla may be but well yeah
a secret I didn't have a lot of success
at best by looking for some computer
monitors so I'm here at Sam's Club see
what they have to offer Joel and Cody
are still with me but they are getting
some ice cream and I think they're gonna
save me some I'm crossing my fingers
because I could definitely go for some
ice cream right now alright guys I think
I found the display that I want to get
okay you want me to show you yes sir
Cody you ready see it I've just got to
convince Ellie okay yeah right here this
is the laptop or this is the monitor
that I want to get from my computer it's
only 75 inches so you 5 it when you're
thinking about it it's I mean that's not
but that's only a little taller than I
am
you know what do you think code should I
get it do you think Gant le will let me
okay I know I'm so sad to see them go
Jackson so come back they're gonna come
back and we're gonna have lunch again
I know it's okay Jackson is oh oh son
it's okay
Oh Jackson is very sad Oh Jackson
he's so sad he is so sad that his
cousins are gone but I have spent all
day on the couch like me Bonnie
Emily we have sat here with our pregnant
bellies Emily with her brand-new born
and all the kids have just played and
they ate and it has been a day that I've
needed because I feel like I haven't
done anything like I've just I didn't
really have to take care of Jackson
because he was playing with cousins and
it just felt good to me to sit because I
haven't been feeling the best today I've
had a lot of sharp pains but it just
feels good to sit and we've been doing
this all day so everyone is gone I'm
going to get Jackson ready for bed and
daddy's gonna put into bed and then I
have a breastfeeding class that I'm
going to go to at the hospital I'm out
of breath I want matter breath I haven't
done anything but I'm gonna go to the
hospital I have a breastfeeding class on
you to go to I have a bunch of questions
and I think that'll be really fun and
really good for me join now one thing I
love about Jared is I want to know is
sometimes when I purchase things like
makeup or things that I want and I'm
like oh I think this would be fun Jared
is always like oh that's really pretty
all that'll look good on you you should
get that like
nothing like he's giving permission but
I like how you act when I'm excited
about something and I just showed Jared
a picture oh can you even see yeah yeah
I just showed you a picture of this
little summer what does it call below
and I know how it'd be kind of cute to
have like in the hospital or something
in Jared's like that's really cute you
should get it I started skating here
well sometimes you know you just deserve
this well why they're really cute on you
so I want to see those cute things on
you because maybe I'm being selfish and
I just think you're really pretty and
nothing will add to the pre meanness
that you already well I just say sick
he's always gonna like you no way I was
thinking the other day when I was in the
shower because I was using the body wash
and I was almost out of my body wash and
I thought next time I need body wash I'm
gonna have the baby and I maybe I'll
just send Jared to go get it for me and
he can choose the smell and then I
remembered on my first birthday you took
me the bath and Bodyworks
and you got me cucumber melon stuff and
I thought that was so cute of him like
he knew what he liked the September
cucumber melon is my favorite Bath and
Body Works yeah and you got it for me
and I thought that was so cute so that's
what I was thinking about you're cute
you know that hey give me a kiss look at
our son hmm say you're cute Jackson
mm-hmm hey go to your breastfeeding
class and learn how to breastfeed okay
fine mmm I don't want to get up and go I
love you marry me to go to bed we're
gonna do some man stuff and then we're
gonna go to bed okay okay have fun
wrap it in class bye so we just got a
package in the mail and a lot of the
stuff I'm really excited about Jackson
is playing with - chewing on - gorilla
pods these guys if you don't know they
are basically tripods that you put your
camera on and they can basically attach
to like just about anything then I also
got some extra batteries for the DSLR
and for our vlogging camera because we
are preparing ourselves for this
delivery we are going to have a bag all
set ready to go to grab
full of camera equipment for the
delivery because we have no idea when
this is going to happen but we want to
be ready
that's what Jax and I have been doing
we've kind of been playing around with
these new little toys that we got and
we're gonna get him to bed what do you
say bud you ready to go to bed thanks so
much for watching the vlog today guys I
hope you have a wonderful weekend and
we'll see you guys tomorrow bye tell you
druid you
