okay Jackson are you can help me with
the laundry oh dude you're going a
little hasty there we're trying to get
the stuff out of the laundry he is
totally in the dryer Ellie hey can you
hand me those clothes oh no thanks he is
no good fuse he's like what is going on
it just felt spun a little Ellie can't
hand me some clothes
hand me some clothes
so last night I was in a little bit of a
pickle I've been working on this
one-year project for quite some time now
and I've run into an issue an issue that
yeah I know Jackson your hair needs to
be done I don't know let's go okay miss
cosmetologist could you do your son's
hair fine I know my hair is amazing but
I just can't tame his Beast fine we'll
go do it that's good you do the hair I'm
gonna talk about our my problem here
so I normally have a computer right
there and sometimes I have some snacks
and other various things but I'm working
on this project for the one year vlog a
bursary one year of daily vlogging and I
need more real estate on my desktop I
need more space so I think Ellie if it's
okay with you I want to ask your
permission first I already know you're
gonna say we go to Best Buy to look at
monitors I think that sounds fun you
cleaned up all those breast pads
Jackson pulled out my drawer and threw
all the stuff out that that's what I'm
gonna use when I feed Calvin right here
Brad to sit down for two seconds before
you go fired to sit down I woke up this
morning and I made a mad dash to the
bathroom and I have not felt well all
morning and I think that's a good thing
like I like not it's not good that effo
up but I think it's just I just feel it
I feel it yeah so I decided to document
it so there you go I don't know
37 weeks doggy we're not gonna go see
two doggies he keeps calling the cows
across the street dogs yes hey Toki can
I show you something
yeah our little kid is turning into a
boy look at his legs I know they're like
there's like he's playing and growing up
and having fun and getting his knee
scraped up and it's very exciting yes it
is Jackson do you know where to go
there's the toy room oh I love those two
yeah
breakdancing the toys oh wow
your turn he doesn't want to
I assumed I supposed to have a full
bladder and I feel like I am just about
to pee my pants
I feel so miserable no one's even in
here yeah it's really kind of fun but
the fireplace is on usually they have a
little fireplace on yeah you dance
should we dance in the in the middle of
the floor together
um yeah I guess I just compared to him
he doesn't move half as much it was okay
so this gives a little more mellow
yeah has been the whole time he's still
a boy okay I guess we'll find out when
we deliver make sure still yeah I think
it was pretty good yeah yeah okay I just
think it'd be hilarious you'd be so
funny
oops Cosby is daddy has to be is daddy
to bring us an umbrella for this rain it
just comes from the leak on us huh okay
let's go to the car hey let's go to the
car
one two three Ladd jumped it yay we
weren't good there you are the
sleepyheads are finally away gay hi bud
hi
you know what Ellie we don't really talk
about that ultrasound we did it
we all have an update on my channel
right now if you'd like to our room um
but everything went well I'm glad that
we got it done like it made me feel at
peace just knowing that things are
looking good in the he's measuring good
for me yeah yeah what's that I swear
that's what he says
what's that I like that yeah hey yeah
say hi Jackson Prince hi friends he
knows what a camp you know what's funny
is like these babies that are on film
every day they know they know when were
filming Oh
like Jackson knows when were filming he
knows what's rough it's very often like
and if he does it's because I told him
to get off the table
but like he's just I don't know you know
I know I know you're so smart aren't you
you're so smart yeah yes you are hey
Ellie I wonder if it's a possibility
that maybe you could come to a
conclusion of where we live in an
existence where we visit the store up
the road called Best Buy fine fine fine
fine hahaha okay yes and that's what
we're gonna do is we're just gonna look
we're gonna observe we're gonna window
shop a little bit we're just gonna see
some ideas and then maybe get one Ellie
you want to part ways already and we
haven't even gotten into the store I
love that spike but you know I'm gonna
take Jackson enter us and look for
pajamas okay here you take the boy and
you want to take the camera tails okay
okay you go look at fun stuff I'm gonna
go with difference and I'll go look at
fun stuff did I mention that Calvin is
already 5 pounds 13 ounces can you
believe that brothers 5 hey come on come
on jumpsuit let's go
you don't know what to think you walk
with mommy I can't believe he's walking
it's so fun that I can let him walk and
it doesn't hurt my belly holding him but
I like holding his little hand that's
kind of fun but yep Calvin is big five
pounds 13 ounces I just wanted to cook
that's all I want I just wanted to stay
put and just cook a little longer I
don't know if I'm quite ready to bring
him home in a week but you never know
what he will decide so we'll see but I
would say maybe around the 1st of June
hey hey what's that
oh yeah well he's gonna go pick you out
one it's your buddy it's your buddy yeah
yeah yeah it's Cody
he loves to lick the window cuz it
tastes so good it tastes so good
hey Cody what what sound does a pig make
what is that does a big fake Jackson
come give Olivia a kiss he's like out of
here those faces are scary scary oh yes
it's Thursday night and it is day night
we are with Bonnie and Joel and we are
it is gonna be great
oh oh oh break it down Ellie you sure
you know how to eat man Thursday night
but we do now it's Thursday and it is
day night we what's that I've been
practicing my freestyle that's that's
something that I'm that I've been
working on lately is my freestyling
skills at any rate we are going out to
dinner and then we are going to a
special not just normal movie a special
movie a movie screening I thought it was
really fun I don't know what it's called
baby first
Superman spider-man I don't think I
should film I don't know what movie were
going to it's something inspirational
right yes these women it's called coke
Ville Oh Coco yeah yeah it's a it's a
bit it's based on a true story from like
the night from 1986 about some people
who came in to bomb a school I think it
was was what it is and everyone was safe
except for the people that were doing
the harm this is the grand grand place
that we are going to eat out I think
it's fun we've never been here but
Bonnie and Jill swear by it
just let me smell it
just let me smell it just for me I got a
water Jared got our Java here let me
smell it
dr. pepper the cast doesn't like
anything I'll be fine with my water I'm
full I've been doing good I haven't had
any dr. pepper you since my brother had
any pops since his birthday I dream I
have drank all of the root beer it's so
windy right now but we're gonna go see
the movie are you guys excited and you
over all days together
dad you're here too yeah see you later
that's blue cheese well it's funny
because whenever we talk we're like Joel
can you believe these women and then
Ellie and Bonnie are like Ellie can you
believe these guys with all the things
that they do crazy the shenanigans they
get into put some pants on Winston well
that was a really good movie I really
enjoyed it and there's a lot of sniffles
in the audience could you hear it like
this it just it definitely made you want
to hold on to your family yeah you know
makes me not want to like let Jax
I'm watching you wherever you go for the
rest of your but then it's like you it's
a happy medium I guess but makes me want
to like be more aware and keep our baby
you want to protect your kids yeah I
think it's time to end the vlog we ought
to go home we're gonna edit but first
time just show you something very
important
we went got pedicures Oh like a week
apart and we literally chose the exact
same color yeah is that not funny
sisters that's funny guys like my socks
yes this is not funny we chose the same
color I've even thought learn exact okay
Olivia we're gonna end the vlog I can't
wait to go to Jackson and kiss him we
will see you guys tomorrow goodbye
