do you guys want to know something crazy
that I was thinking about out of all the
electronics that we have the iPads
iPhones our computers all of our
electronics I like to handwrite two
things I like to handwrite my budget and
I like to handwrite my grocery list like
on a piece of paper like the
old-fashioned way so don't have that car
le so out of all of the electronics I
just find it really funny that I
actually like to handwrite a few
specific things rather than using my
electronics is that kind of weird I'm
sure I'm not the only one that does that
you got the list can you hold it and
read it to me okay you hold it you read
it to me what's the first on the list
bread butter and syrup
Jackson bread butter and syrup okay
what's that well no we don't need to get
diapers we already got him last time
yeah yeah we don't need to get diapers
we already got him last time bread
butter and syrup
thank goodness for Sam's Club samples it
saved my day I didn't realize putting
the big think my little crackers in the
car would make Jackson flip out but what
was I thinking of course it did so we
got we got you little Sam boys can sit
there is that better is that yummy so
he's gonna sit there and eat his little
treats I seriously don't know what I was
thinking I guess he's never reacted that
way so I didn't think that he would be
mad I put the cookies in and he's like
cookie cookie cookie really wanted to
eat them but not until you buy them
Jared is not here and I've been telling
him forever the Iowa of Blendtec
there's the Blendtec right here in front
of my face I should grab it but I don't
want to look at the price tag I should
grab it I should do it I should just
grab it willpower adults we have to have
real power we just got to Ellie's doctor
appointment and the doctor just now left
for an emergency c-section look Jackson
just random look he's running right he
knows right where to go did you just
love doesn't run all the way into the
toy room I've got a sofa 9le are you all
right what are you thinking he just left
the nurse is still gonna check we'll see
that's crazy go get our kid yeah let's
go I'm gonna go play with him okay
ah yeah what's that I smell that's what
he says I know I think he is what you
thinking huh
perfect
oh my god you're here oh my gosh we
gotta get to it okay we're there oh I'm
just a here and a half almost two and
quite them now probably about 80%
turnout okay so almost a two okay so
about kind of what I was with yeah
really quite favorable actually so yeah
okay yeah that's I was it look like okay
well hey long as we're check-in so your
water didn't break oh okay
but then go home actually you know if
you keep leaking okay if that your water
should be please okay so I don't want
you to stay home if you go home
holman say oh but I'm not contracted Oh
I'll still need to get in because of a
risk for infection okay we kind of like
you to get rid within 24 hours of your
wire you so I don't think it done but if
you have had one two three oh yeah
jumped oh oh no oh no nothing to see
here Jackson nothing to see here Ellie
nothing to see over there why I brought
you your baking soda and that's all that
matters there it is I don't have any on
my hand and there's none on the floor by
the garage don't even worry there's
nothing to think about
Ellie on a serious note I really think
we should talk about his doctor's
appointment um tomorrow or today today's
well and tomorrow's um I am getting an
ultrasound tomorrow
I'm excited the last ultrasound we had
was when we found out at 16 weeks the
devil right before Christmas and
normally you don't get an ultrasound at
least here where we are we don't get one
but on everything went well the baby is
measuring good I'm looking good they
there's others I don't even know what to
say there's like an issue eight for
nothing on my channel well yeah they
could do that but here's so here's the
thing that I want to talk about Oh
Jackson you are just a monkey you are
just climbing everywhere unsupervised
you're out of control young man you are
out of control and you need to be in
control
hahaha so before I deliver Jackson I was
they said oh you can't get an epidural
your blood is choosing their platelets
or two and so I was like oh crap and
then a little bit later they said okay
you're good to go
well sing with this time around they
checked my blood for a whole bunch of
different things and then I'm getting an
ultrasound tomorrow because they want to
look because I am small they want to
look at the baby and kind of measure
everything and see how he's looking so
I'm excited I'm so excited to see my
little Calvin tomorrow and not be
that'll be
good for me to see em and to make sure
everything is looking left I'm excited
because ultrasounds are great there it's
just nice to have that reassurance when
I was talking to the doctor about
getting another ultrasound she was
telling me a due date as a due date just
throw it out the window she does it
doesn't mean the baby's gonna be ready
this exact date she goes that's just a
good estimate and so that's another
reason why she wanted to do an
ultrasound was to see the baby to
measure the baby because I haven't
really had and I had my first ultrasound
was really really early on I was only
about 5 weeks with Kelvin when I was
spotting and stuff and so she goes it
would be nice to have another one just
to see what he's looking like exactly
what everything is measuring like that
way that they can make sure me and the
baby are safe because they they were
just a little bit concerned with just me
and my sizing and you know the baby so
that'll be really fun but guess what I
am making I have been craving I've been
craving like homemade bread but not just
like white bread but like zucchini bread
chocolate chip banana bread or something
so I'm making zucchini bread and I got
my zucchini all done up I've got
everything measured out but it calls for
like walnuts or some sort of nut you so
I'm adding the new chocolate chips so
that'll be really yummy oh you mix it up
and it tastes so good what are you
making in this neighborhood tell us
right now girl in the form of a song
what are you making for my belly now
yeah you have already told you what I'm
making I'm making zucchini bread I
already told you what I make it if you
want to watch the clip you wouldn't miss
it
boom shaka-laka-laka poach ever love
your cheese mega zucchini bread don't
you know get your head she's making
zucchini bread I set you off to get eggs
and I already told them that I was
making zucchini bread so alright no and
it's zucchini bread okay chocolate chips
with chocolate chips that's probably the
best part of the zucchini bread is the
chocolate chips I really think the
chocolate chips pull together make sure
you put it in like twice as much as
you're supposed to that but the nuts are
you nuts
I'm not putting in nuts unless it's like
blueberry
covered nuts or like the nuts that you
get from like the the boxes that you can
order and stuff yeah those are good nuts
cuz they're like usually coated but if
you've ever had nuts those are the good
ones they are but that's what we're
doing tonight I'm sure we're gonna have
some really great dinner some really
great zucchini bread Jack's is probably
gonna climb on a table yet once again
aren't you
or you're just gonna push the chair up
we're gonna put Jackson to bed and we're
gonna watch another movie or TV show cuz
that's what we do we we enjoy watching
shows together don't you yes I think so
thank you guys like come on today we
just did lots of yeah this fun it was
not here tomorrow in our ultrasound
let's go oh yeah the ultrasound and we
have some some exciting stuff going on
tomorrow night too
stay tuned for more episodes of alien
Jared day night damn like I say it's not
picky eaters it is just kids learning
new foods
some days Jackson eats vegetables some
days he does not look got broccoli in
your hand you got a green bean in the
other I am proud of you but tomorrow he
thought he will not want anything to do
with it
yep even right now he's probably done
later what about this don't take a bite
go ah you're a good job you got a little
bite there yeah seriously this zucchini
bread is gonna be amazing save zucchini
kay the zucchini bread to be amazing
anything Oh it'll be more vegetables
yeah looking at that broccoli Oh show me
what's in your mouth show me oh oh oh oh
oh let me see what's in your mouth
hey listen Jackson look Oh
oh yes going to death not good job you
like never does that
