refuge ah though it feels good hey did
you feel good on those teachers that are
coming in
you put this one in there put it in
there good job good morning guys
Jackson and I are just having some
little quiet time together just playing
with some toys and I think that this is
so fun that Jackson is starting to learn
how to play with toys like he's actually
putting them in takes him out normally
he just like pushes him over and like
walks away towards another toy but he
can actually now sit and he's like
playing with toys so that's really fun
for Mama for me to kind of sit with him
and help him and play with him this
little baby of mine always wakes up
pretty happy but for some reason today
he woke up and was so sad and his gums I
oh it's those molars I think that's
making him sad and he is you're running
like a faucet look I think I could see
how that's not you guys don't gross he's
running like a faucet his little guns
are so red and swollen he is getting
four of his molars two at the top and
two at bottom so we're just gonna have a
lazy day you're gonna watch all the
vlogs we're catching up on all of our
friends as vlogs I'm watching everyone's
Mother's Day videos finally so we're
just gonna sit paid toys watch some
videos and then guess what I get to go
get my massage I'm gonna go get my
Mother's Day present yeah hi Oh Sean
what's in your mouth something new -
we'll talk about that later Ellie in
your own words and on a scale of one to
ten how excited are you for in an hour
from now um I'm really excited and that
way to close my eyes and just have
someone revolution tickle you a little
bit and then you forgot the scale on the
scale of 100 through the roof ten oh
there we go that's what I was looking
for guys I'm excited because it oh he's
gonna go get a massage and a pedicure
for Mother's Day and I think it's cool
because she hasn't had one
in a long time I don't think you've ever
had a maternity massage before were you
pregnant
yeah you were pregnant oh my gosh well
this is your second maternity massage
but but for me being working in a salon
for five years you would think that I
would go get like pedicures and stuff
but I've only I think wet and got
pedicure with like Missy and I think
I've been like one other time when we
did our we did a pedicure and then I got
my toenails playing Jeremy very much
with Jackson I never I didn't go get
pedicure I always do it myself
so I'm really excited Jackson and I are
gonna have some manly bonding time
that's what we're gonna do we're gonna
bond all right Jackson how was your
two-hour nap I'm so proud of you you're
so good hey I'm talking to you
I'm talking to you I'm talking to you
I'm talking to you you're busy watching
something hey what do you need the keys
for where you going sister you can't you
don't you're not going anywhere I guess
she'll have to go let me get the keys
for you they're not right there I don't
know where the keys are Ellie I guess
you can't go are you the culprit did he
take the keys where are my keys Wow wait
you found them in your purse you're
blaming my son the whole time and then
we're right in your purse okay okay you
go have fun he's getting a pedicure
massage I love you thank you so much
have a good a spa day look at that boom
Jackson you seem to be sporting your
walking suit yet again yes you seem to
like that quite a bit
does that mean you want to go on a walk
do you have somewhere you would like to
go hmm you want to walk around the track
for a little bit we should at least go
on a walk somewhere real quick what do
you think bud should we go blanket - are
you okay
all right let's go somewhere already
crunk push the button wrong button push
this one yep push it Bridget
there you go good job you did it Kate I
am here and I'm using our old camera and
I really like it because it's really
small but I am here I have my little
station to put my clothes in and guess
what they even have some hairspray for
after so I can spray down my crazy
little hairs this is so cute okay let's
go get a maternity pregnancy massage for
me and Kathy do you know how amazing you
are Jackson just on the little walk with
your dad having fun in your tracks you
in your Nikes new 80 year old man you
well it wouldn't be a walk unless you
found yourself a rock Jack did you get
yourself a good rock let's see it you
did good that was a good massage and
that's not even over yet
let's go get my little piggies painted
and massaged be free my child okay
Jackson are you ready to do this
you hidding go down hey Eddie here we go
when to stop I'm going with Susie's
hungry again
that's gonna be my toenail polish yeah
my feet feel so good the water is so hot
but I meant in my mouth and I've been
relaxing
like find the sleep literally she's like
okay lift your foot up Ellie I am so
glad you're home I missed you so much
a good day thank you you're welcome
I thought about you guys the whole time
I want to show you something okay some
packages came while you are away some
packages came just for you
a package here package one a package
here package - oh why are you so excited
to open that one Ellie do you know what
it is
no should I don't laugh at me don't
realize me you guys knew you'd be
excited
- who's not excited for fresh underwear
nursing bra underwear that's fresh hey
Duffy awkward yay
okay you seem interested like well like
you just fill me now what he's like well
I'm just like equip a nursing bra we'd
like to demonstrate just like you
demonstrated the nursing pump were you
guys around when Jared use my breast
pump it's in our old intro every single
time guys in our new HR
that's not clip and snip yeah and then
then you can feed the baby peg legs I
would like a drink dad guys some junk I
just climbed up all the way up there oh
geez going to town of course Dr Pepper
would have a sale like this when I'm not
drinking dr. pepper $3 our had this when
I was drinking
it's movie no that's right I hope you
drink it'll taste so good you are yes I
did in red box and really have a really
good movie so I will check Netflix or
Amazon or Hulu or any of the other
streaming services that was quietly use
I hey got it got it good just like the
milk between that milk and not nursing
graduate enough enough to feed a whole
country but in Shh and it's Tuesday
night that means it's movie night yes
you know that's right I'm sorry Jackson
maybe when you're a little bit older
than you can join in on that night stay
tuned for tomorrow because Ellie has a
doctor appointment I'm really excited
check out some things if you know what
it means my 37 week apartment okay
thanks for watching guys have a
wonderful day be sure to hit that thumbs
up button and subscribe if you haven't
already because it's the nice thing to
do what just nice it's very it's very
nice for to do it and convenient or just
okay say bye wait good bye say bye
don't you stand up say bye bye guys
