I know right Jackson whoa come here I
get my back come here I don't even know
if I could see if you could see him hey
hey oh this is Jackson's new thing he
was yeah he loves to get woo on Mama's
back
Jackson can you go Cody a hug
can you get good yet Oh guys guess who
is over all day long yeah we have cousin
Cody cousin Boston and cuz it Olivia
congratulations guys remember when
Bonnie was so gracious and took Jackson
all day for us like a week or two ago so
Jared and I could go up to Salt Lake and
go to dinner and and do some stuff well
we are returning the favor and Bonnie
and Jill are going out and we are
watching their kids all day and I have
something for them a little bit later I
have each little little tree for later
but we're going to hang out here at our
house and hang out and then once olivia
has school we'll head on over to their
place are we all having fun I think they
all have a toy and I think that they're
all pretty good no one's been fighting
huh we've all been happy yeah don't hit
your cousin over the head with that hey
you be nice to cousin Cody is this what
you're gonna do the Calvin push him down
push him down when he's weak Cody you're
pretty nice go get him go get him Hey
he's like roughhousing cute to play with
them
don't worry Cody I'm coming to save you
I'm coming to save you Cody look it's
what's going on but Oh broke off guess
what
uncle Jerry can fix that do you think
I'll clone chair can fix that yeah well
I'll put it back on so you can go over
there okay
Wow you got yourself in quite the
predicament there didn't you
she ran right into that fence yeah but
I'm gonna need some license and
registration please
goin fly-in it just run sir could you
walk in a straight line for me just
write down that way though that's a
little curved I don't know you might be
under the influence guys that's it the
influence of sugar and watermelon she
says come on boy I'm taking you to the
slammer
all right buddy I think we've got her
all fixed up for you okay now just keep
her in between the lanes all right buddy
we've got a lot of traffic going through
these parts and we can't have you going
all over the place all right yeah good
job
now just be safe okay these kids and
their vehicles you know they'll just do
what I want they think they're
invincible Jackson you want to go for a
ride buddy
you want to go for a ride yeah he does
he wants to go for a ride Cody will you
drive him you're all watching toy
doesn't fall out
look at these kids
isn't that awesome
okay we're following you lead the way
okay I think that we're all having fun
we all have a popsicle Mondays oh you
can have some too
who says mondays are boring Boston has a
popsicle Jackson has a popsicle it's a
beautiful day it's beautiful the kids
are out rolling we're all just following
each other on a little walk this is very
nice
this is summer to me like this is my
idea of summer going on a walk with a
family having a popsicle on a beautiful
day
totally we have five kids
once you three four and then I'm pretty
okay we're and a half we have four and a
half kids right now and just want Ellie
we're managing it we're making it we're
not going crazy I know it's really not
been bad the kids have been so here
sisters lead the way let's go the kids
have been really good Jackson accent
well he did accidentally he crawled up
on Cody's four-wheeler and accidentally
hit the button and was like going and
was like holding on for dear life it was
really funny and he loved it he like
held on it was like a big chance he'll
we got him but this is the life okay
guys here's the situation the deal is
this - what's going down this is how
we're rolling we just went to the store
and we got some delectable laughter like
coz what are we doing guys candy movie
that means we're gonna have candy and
we're gonna watch a movie I take them
Dave gum um which is Bowl tape and what
did you get schizos skittles we are
gonna go watch a movie do you know what
movie you guys want to watch what's Rico
see what wait it's a little earlier oh
good cheering what's up dude
I wish your mud gum bubble gum with you
oh you get out of town you get out of
this truck right now cuz that's the
nicest thing I've ever heard
all day he loves he loves tape bubble
god yeah when he was a kid
oh okay let's go home and meet up with
the others and then we'll watch a really
great movie and have a lot of candy it's
gonna be delicious sorry Bonnie and Joel
we're kidding your
hyped up on sugar okay guys here's a
status update I just got a very
important text message from your and
Ellie my wife Jackson just went down for
a nap so you need to follow me
downstairs as quiet as humanly possible
do you think you guys can do that we
have to be oh oh so so quiet quiet quiet
okay
like a mouse perfect Olivia five gold
stars and five fingers right here boom
all right guys you have made your choice
this is what's happening
Olivia picked a movie and Cody picked a
movie and an Ellie is gonna pick one of
those movies so Cody please tell me
which movie you picked I think already
okay and Olivia what did you pick Jamie
this will show me the cover okay now you
each have 30 seconds to explain to Ellie
why you think we should watch that movie
we're gonna start with Cody go I'm gonna
watch a Landon okay good that's a really
great case Olivia do you have anything
to counter that with hmm why do you want
to watch the three amigos because we
first watched it in any long day so I
decided to wear this one because he's a
ha Ellen is really good that's a very
compelling argument Ellie what do you
think I'm sorry you can't be upset
because uncle J got you treats but I
think that I'm gonna have to go us a lot
oh that is a shocking answer because I
know that Ellie has had a bad history
with Aladdin it just wasn't my favorite
growing in and there's your finger in my
mouth but we're gonna watch Aladdin
right now you are the nicest uncle why
is that public I got them what they
wanted it was very nice can I tell you a
secret I think you'll think I'm stupid
I we got there and I forgot my wallet I
totally forgot my wallet
Jerri I had to bum some money off of
Apple pay yeah I did I totally used
Apple pay and at work just fine
it just goes out of the regular it just
sees it's just my debit card so for some
strange reason we can't find Jackson's
shoes I think we may have left him home
but there are lots of kids here and lots
of kids shoes so these are the first
time Jackson is ever wearing flip-flops
and we're about to set them outside to
go walk hey let's see you walk in them
oh good job like riding a bike just do
it you just got it Oh cute little guy no
he's like he sees all the kids out there
plays like please can I come all right
let's go Jack
give me kiss the weakest
oh you're so cute Cody's lettin Olivia
right that's really nice of him the kids
have been sharing so good today I love
it
mwah does he want to come inside does he
want to come in
oh I am just getting dinner ready so I
told everyone that they'd just go play
outside and you can see Boston's over
there dragging Cody in in the real
barrel not real barrel you know what
that is wagon
Olivia's riding that's so funny and
Jackson just looks like he wants to come
inside how cute is that train Jackson
has been chasing the four-wheeler all
day like that's all he wants and we've
even put him on it several times to ride
and and he loves riding on it Jaime he
seriously loves riding on it all day
seriously if he were tall enough we were
totally get him one ha ha ha ha shake
the booty shake that booty shake that
belly shake that belly Shh okay maybe
Jarrod I should be watching watching the
kids
Kim Ximena Jed I like Jackson why am i
laughing sorta that is so funny okay not
Jackson's writing it he's on the side
where you push it that is so funny well
we had an awesome day and at first I was
nervous because I'm just like we are
watching for kids but I will have to
admit they did so good they did good and
I
actually the day wasn't long it flew by
here I did Jared actually got more work
done today I did been on regular days a
home I and I was like I think it's
because Jackson was occupied
Jackson was playing with his cousins and
I'd always like didn't even know I'm shy
like they just they all play and I was
like we should have more kids sooner
than we think Ellie
so watch themselves it'll be great well
we'll try and get the third on little be
self-sufficient no no I'm not ready
orchid seriously though I me that we
should probably focus on this one first
baby can we measure your belly again and
just see no I if that all of that
contraction of the day was to where but
I've been having more of the Braxton
contractions one I think they've even
been a little bit stronger because
you've been saying like oh I know I know
throughout Jersey are you ok I'm like oh
my gosh I don't know I'm good I'm good I
am anxious right pointman on Wednesday
I'm excited for Ellie's appointment
because you know they're gonna check her
it's gonna be fun it's gonna be great so
this is exciting a while ago so excited
it's a baby coming so ah do that belly
dance do that belly dance oh do that
belly dance do that belly dad oh ok
alright guys thanks so much for watching
the vlog today we hope it was as fun as
it was for us doesn't even make sense
when we anyway thanks for watching guys
have a wonderful day see you tomorrow hi
belly Billy Billy Billy
