happy Mother's Day to you happy Mother's
Day to you I almost spilled your
breakfast oh those are happy mother's
day to you I almost ruined it good
they're like the thinnest pancakes I've
ever made we love thin pink we are thin
pancakes fans happy Mother's Day
sweetheart
I'm gonna go get the kids from our loins
one of the defining things about our
family hi hey Jackson are you finally
giving your mama kisses yeah especially
on Mother's Day he must know it's
Mother's Day
yeah kind of kiss oh that was sensual oh
oh he knows it's Mother's Day he's
giving you all the love in the world
you're sweet little boy like you makes
me grateful for my family huh makes me
grateful for my family I know well Jerry
breakfast would like go get your so you
can all eat together so we're all
sitting in bed
yeah bread hey I'm holding the camera
really awkwardly otherwise I would turn
around and flip it on myself
yeah hold on there we go now you guys
can see me yeah we have we're having
breakfast in bed and I thought you know
what I'm gonna bring breakfast in bed
just for Ellie because she's gonna eat
it in peace and quiet not have to see
Jackson all feed Jackson I'll take care
of Jackson I will do everything don't
you even think about lifting a finger
today and the first thing she says is go
get Jackson and I'll feed him we'll eat
together we'll eat together together
we're in sync
we're at tea it's gonna be my that's a
big bite tackle it Jackson you tackle it
you tackle it with everything you've got
yeah yeah he's like didn't want it huh
can we take a second and appreciate
Jackson cuddling me he's just laying
down while he was but he was just like
letting me tickle his face you're so
sweet
peekaboo oh he's putting on his notes
hey that's his favorite thing to do is
put on his nose cuz it tickles it
tickles nose you like to do that huh
should I give you the gift that you
accidentally figured out
I accidentally woo you it was it was not
me it was the company because the
company called le to confirm a
reservation and I told them not to call
I would not get a lie I was pretty sad
last night it's not fun when surprises
are ruined but but there is I don't know
if it's like yeah without further ado
here you may pick a card you may pick
whichever card looks better to you it
does not matter to me Jackson you pick
you picked up brother
right pink one okay sure you open that
happy Mother's Day
good for one maternity massage and one
spot pedicure that is good that's fine
spa day for Mama they did maternity
massage that's awesome hey I think they
had to call someone in special for you
that's really cool see I didn't know
that I just knew it was the salon so I
was like well it could be this this well
I'll have you know that I rub Ellie's
back just about every single night and I
don't do near a good a job as I should
and someone who is licensed professional
you know all the things they should do
it at least once before Ellie has this
baby so that's why I wanted to get it
for you and take care will be amazing
cuz you can't reach your toes anymore so
I thought a pedicure with me fine may
have gained 30 pounds and can't bend
over this is how every Sunday goes we
wake up we all get ready Jackson's
gettin tired and then we go to church
for three hours and then we come home
and he is so so tired yeah and then
mommy and Jackson take a nap hi
daddy pades and daddy
by himself you can take in that to
jurors not really big engine house but I
am okay but let me let me see how
handsome you are oh you are so handsome
and I'm so glad that he's mine he
doesn't want anything to do me right now
but let me tell you this morning he was
kind of laying the diagnose business and
at church he was so cute to salt my lap
okay we'll go take a nap yeah you know
what your shoes your wit shoes
yeah that's play-doh by the way not gum
from church
these are his wit shoes I still look
like little witches I just got jacks in
a church outfit I'm not she long ago and
I was with Bonnie and we picked these
shoes out and I thought those are kind
of the funniest Church is there like
witches huh anyway let's go take a nice
Mother's Day nap I've been sitting here
the past five minutes filming my belly I
was able to film Jackson when he moved
all the time and we caught a lot of
moments on film we actually have a whole
video dedicated to his movements
throughout my pregnancy Calvin I've not
been able to catch he keeps moving his
foots right here and he keeps moving it
and maybe if I push Hill it's right here
there's his foot kick back son but he
keeps moving and I can't I can't get on
film like he you can't really see it
it's just like in the inside that I can
feel you can't really see on the outside
but anyway I was like well if I can't
catch all on film I guess I'll just tell
you what I'm doing but his movements are
so different than Jackson's like
Jackson's remember when he would he
would make video about it yeah link down
below but like he would kick and it
would like you would totally see my
stomach ripple but Calvin that's never
that way his movements are so slow and
subtle and I don't know it's crazy it's
so different how his personality is
already showing I guess oh nice I'm a
little bit move I could feel it moving
like crazy hey do something for the
camera we're all watch I knew well don't
move my belly with your mouth what's
wrong with that
your scrappers
Calvin my skin is so sensitive come say
hi to us come say hi on the lick you
yeah I have a fuzzy belly haha okay
oh my stomach I can feel I'm moving like
crazy inside but I don't feel like you
could see it you know you know what
someone made a comment that said your
bellybutton is like the turkey popper
it's ready it's it's ready your your
bellybutton pop so that the turkeys
ready so the baby's done huh hey what's
your eyebrows the wait look up more they
look pretty good you plucked them last
time so it was hard to get all of them
well I think that was about it I don't
know if you even saw but he didn't have
at first Cody what is what is that my
dad closed the trails to like a legit
how come your dad is so smart
oh my gosh ingenious look that is funny
okay John take Jackson for a ride you
okay you'll be nice and safe with them
okay say hold on Jackson say it aloud
jacsandkyle dog is I can go really fast
okay
go hold on hold on Jax hold on hold on
that's so cute he held on see later bye
homemade rose gravy mashed potatoes and
carrots we all we all get in your food
and we all started laughing I have the
oven set for like a hundred degrees
lower than what it was supposed to this
is the hardest meal I've ever tried to
eat literally and we are laughing and
that's why it gets fun because we're all
just like we're starving the raw foods -
I think you're gonna go I feel like
we're the Griswold oh yeah I wish I
didn't say this Riggins is amazing thank
you and happy to not be sealed either
just skipping um anyway I don't know
Bonnie thank you for a wonderful
Mother's Day dinner even though even
though it doesn't always go as expected
we told you guys the story of our very
first yeah we'll have to definitely go
to details I think there's pictures I
don't know if we have a picture I think
that was probably the first time you
ever really heard we swear yeah we'll
talk about it sometimes before you go to
bed I want to tell you something
and I have milk to keep them busy hi hi
my one of my favorite things about you
is that you're so happy and you always
smile wherever we go
wherever we go Church Walmart anywhere I
axes constantly hi he's constantly
getting compliments on oh he's so happy
he's so smiley I you were born with
something special and I'm soaked
I can be Jackson's mom and I can be
kelvins mom I am so I love it so son I
love you I love you so much
I love you he is such a good baby for
the 16 16 months and for the 16 months
but I have had him I really he makes
motherhood easy that that's helped
that's what I'll say he makes motherhood
easy so grateful that I have my babies
this Mother's Day it's really fun
hey guys that's curtains okay guys I'm
gonna go ahead and I'm gonna put Jackson
to bed but I just had to at least say
how much I love my babies okay little
guy I love you I'll see you in the
morning
I'll see you I'll see in the morning oh
yeah hey hi hey cabbie kiss
let me kiss oh I love you hey love you I
hope God I heard that did you hear that
love you okay lay down put your head
down lay down okay let your head down
you got laid down you're a good good kid
you're perfect
I love you I'm dawn Tenterden Ted Adam
and Adam wrap it up up up up at the Papa
to borrow but a bum key Nina theme um
Star Wars Star Trek what the heck
Superman and dodo I'm sorry it's okay
it's all the same thing
yeah my heart and giving have you got a
good Mother's Day have I'm all Jackson's
in bed and I'm washed up and I'm ready
to take a butterball bath you've got
your butter balls and you're gonna take
a butterball bath
yeah by the time you guys see this it's
not gonna be Mother's Day but it's still
impactful right but so here's so here's
my thing with that okay you can have a
special day set aside to celebrate
people like other commerce there of
course you know mothers are you know
mother's father things are important and
are special all of the time every single
day of the year but it's special when
you take a time and set it aside and
give it what it deserves that's that's
what it is
so like of course tourism is like the
spirit of Christmas like you should have
all your realm of giving and service but
there's something special on that one
day I felt special today good
I loved that Jackson woke up and was
kiss kissing me he was normally what
does Jared normal he like just wants dad
is he a daddy's boy or a mama's boy he's
a good mix cuz he's yeah the bus I would
say he's a pretty good mix but he does
like to play with me yeah he today at
church um Jared didn't sit by me for the
first little bit he was helping out in
the congregation and Jackson was could
see you and really sad and it people
were laughing around us cuz you hi hi hi
dad I doubt that
yeah hi dad you do that yes I would see
like I it was cute because really one
you won glad you feel special and you
know I think it goes without saying but
I want to make sure that we do say it to
all of those mothers those who are
struggling those who want more than
anything to have that calling to be a
mother happy Mother's Day
whether it's now whether it's in the
future you are special whether you're
teaching the example that you guys
haven't yeah the influence and example
that you guys have it doesn't go
unnoticed thank you for being who you
are and doing what you do every single
day we love and appreciate you
absolutely I love that it better I love
and appreciate you in fact I want to
kiss your lips right now do you see
these guys right there not
stick on a new one do you see this I'm
gonna kiss I have not have any red
lipstick you like it when I realized
idiot list ago some people don't like it
when girls wear bright red lipstick that
I know that gives me a good target that
way you don't go to my mom thanks for
watching today guys I hope this week is
the start of a great week and you make
it way better than it has been before
thanks for watching guys have a
wonderful day and we'll see you tomorrow
we're gonna have some all the happy
Mother's Day yes towards us we're gonna
have some special guests tomorrow won't
we it'sit's a surprise
