what a morning it's done already look at
where you started oh good morning
everyone
ah I wish dad was here so bad I don't
know what I'm crying hi hi okay why do
you know why I'm crying but I don't know
why I just like all of a sudden just
pours out and I think it's because I
finally can breathe uh Jarrod's at the
gym and I made a wonderful breakfast
this morning I made some eggs and I made
some toast and Jackson they sat together
it was such a peaceful morning we all
slept until 8:00 and Jackson and I ate
breakfast together and then in the
middle of breakfast Jackson said all
done so I got him down and then I was
like my stomach my stomach and I came in
sat on the couch and I couldn't move I
couldn't move Jackson started climbing
up on the chairs and I was like Jackson
no we don't climb get down I went to go
get him and I could not get up I had my
first contraction like my like a real
contraction I was like I can't move and
I was just like Jarrod's at home to get
Jackson off the counter and I was like
oh my gosh so bad and I was like is it a
stomachache I was sitting here I was
like it's have a stomachache like I've
had labor before but it's just you know
you just don't want to like be
overdramatic but that was a legit
contraction I texted Jared and he goes
did you happen to get on film and I was
like thank them it's like good move but
it's passed and I'm good and this is
probably him right now yeah it's him but
anyway I'm good now but like it started
at the top of my stomach and it moved in
it it moved all the way down to the
bottom of my stomach and then I could
feel it in my back and I just sat here
just kind of like hunching over and I
was like I can't believe this just
happen but I haven't had any more sense
and now I'm done crying hi yogurt face
you have your phone yeah you told that
you told me I was naughty and I climbed
up on the counter yeah and then we got
you down okay roll the intro
so I just finished with my workout I
feel great and I checked my phone and my
phone has been going off like crazy stay
in here look up I'm out of here
my phone is going like crazy because you
just had your first contraction but no
more that's okay though oh my gosh like
back when I when I thought when I saw I
was like congratulations like Falco but
his first thing you said oh well the
blogger in like did you get on film I
feel kind of bad well no you you asked I
was okay first yeah I did ask that I
said are you okay how long did it last
what like oh I what was that like
I told Jared I'm when he got home I was
like that was probably the whole thing
was probably like two and a half minutes
and that was like a long time because
like I wasn't feeling well and that's
when I was like I think my stomach kind
of hurts and that's when I sat down I
was like I can't get up to get Jackson I
was like I physically like mentally like
I can't get up I can't move and then my
stomach it felt just like a Braxton
contraction or my Studios tight but then
it hurt so I was like oh oh my gosh
cannot you get Jackson I am so sorry I
was about here but like okay you just
like your buzz contraction don't know
what we're doing right now getting
dressed
no like after this editing me well we
are going to finish buying those
batteries in it we've got to order all
of our stuff you started last night but
we have to buy don't place the order
we've got to make sure that's done
because if these are like 10 minutes
apart this baby's coming soon I don't
think he will I think this is just this
is just the beginning the start of
everything but I am at the end so now I
told you I was like we need to get our
camera back like yeah this is a timeline
right here this is the dynamite right
here and this sweet just started the
plane until the dynamite that is the
baby
yeah we comes out of your womb that's
like what's in my hospital bag is like a
pair of underwear for the way home
what's in our hospital bag needs to be
our camera battery chargers SD card
speaking of batteries this one is about
dead so we should probably go charge it
yeah you help me fold it sit you sit
down and you can help me fold the
laundry yes it fitted what are you
smiling you folding it good oh good yeah
fold it good for number show me what you
did ahh you folded that good job now we
just have to make it look like that one
could you try another time oh you think
it's funny to look at yourself he likes
to see what's in his mouth lately he's
been looking at what's in his mouth so
if we eat he'll be like and then he'll
want me to open my mouth so he can see
what's in my mouth can you open your
mouth
ah say ah
okay okay you're slacking fold that
yeah thank you I fill my Braxton
contraction right now my stomach is just
oh my gosh it is so tight I've been
having Braxton contractions for a while
and that's really normal to have but I
just I've noticed today that they are
even longer than they normally are like
normally it would be gone by now but I'm
like and I've noticed that the past week
that they've that when I've had the
Braxton contractions normally they would
just go away but now they linger longer
but today I feel like I've had more of
them constantly not like oh every 10
minutes or anything but like I just have
noticed that today oh my stomach is
feeling it I can feel them I like it
it's crazy it's crazy that I'm just
crazy thing that the end is near the end
is near and I'm sitting on my floor
Jackson's running in and out of his room
crawling under this Jarrod's in there
working and I'm just I'm almost to the
end
I'm almost we're gonna have baby Calvin
here soon I think it's crazy oh don't
take your sock off Jackson Jackson
don't take your psycho Jackson you can't
take these eyes and you make you fold um
oh that's naughty that's so naughty are
you gonna fold them and primal way okay
you go put them away then go go go go
you got to go go play with your toys go
free if you're not gonna help me you go
away you go away for not gonna help me
Jackson hey okay you go
go play with your toys come on go go hey
mister pajama fans what you got there hi
I've been asking Ellie all day we please
just wax my eyebrow I brought it up I've
set it up it's on the wax is nice and
hot and juicy you know I would do it but
Bonnie just said she made brownies
you know I I 100% agree with you in that
situation
let's go have some brownies hey I will
wax them later and why later I mean like
next thank you bye later I mean with
gentleman guy I need to learn how to wax
my own unibrow this project that I'm
working on is really cool um we're
coming up on our one-year vlog bursary
anniversary of blogging and I have been
working for like the past three days
maybe about eight hours every single day
editing this video that I'm working on
this project and I'm really excited
about it maybe may not happen Oh Elly's
like no you have been she's like I I've
noticed Jared you've been working a lot
oh except except last night I was like
we're all going to bed at a good time so
we all went to bed action last night
yeah but I've been working on it for
eight hours for the past three days and
I am one minute into the video I have
one minute done and it's like and if
that's all yeah and it's it's just a lot
of work it's not hard work it's just
monotonous it is repetitive it's the
same thing over and over again but I'm
really excited I can't I don't want to
give any more details but I'm really
excited about it it's a lot of work and
I hope you guys really enjoy it when it
comes I'm gonna enjoy it I'm already
loving it it is so fun what like we've
been able to look back on our vlogs more
in the past few days because of it and
it's been so fun like you were singing
oh yeah jacket Kelvin is gonna be just
something - I know it's just like it's
it's so fun because like these logs are
for us to you know these vlogs are for
us and it's so cool to go back and see
our history and just see Jax with
grandma grandpa cousins it's so fun yeah
like I say if you guys want to start
vlogging just for your family history do
eat do eat now well I feel very sheepish
apparently I will learn
this one I have an 18 month old what do
you not do when you have an 18 month old
I got blasted a bunch of marshmallows on
the table and I and I was getting ready
to put him on his chair and he just
started bawling and I looked at Ellie
and Ellie was pc news marshmallows my
god
and I was like oh I guess I'm not so
Musti is what he was livid
I was like oh my bad sorry so I got
blasted more marshmallows and Jax and I
got you a few marshmallows and I got my
own because apparently you don't share
with you don't share with little ones
huh hands are full of oh he's like no
idea Jackson look I have one word for
you oh this is fun thanks for making
brownies I heard Bonnie had brownies I
was like yet we're going over she could
Oh
that's aunt Ruby's brownie recipe oh do
you put anything else on or you just let
those melt huh as soon as those cool
I'll put some frosting on them mmm yep
sounds good sounds amazing I can't wait
to eat it
do you guys know how nice your mommy is
how nice is your mommy oh so nice you
each got your own little spoon and we
can't leave Jax do you want to lick boys
darn it oh you want me to help you yeah
giggling is it so yummy that's homemade
frosting for aunt Bonnie he's like no
more oh my sighs okay Jackson yeah Jack
your snot machine you got it over oh
that's a pretty good distance right
there
yeah like wake it up you know Jackson is
the proof that's not comes out at 100
miles an hour yeah you got that bite wet
all over this are actually not even mad
I'm impressed
oh man what the hell okay I'm exposed
not your insolence you're gonna wash
your face yes cuz we're gonna go to bed
yes it's time for bed it is time for bed
my face is gonna be washed and clean and
ready some beauty sleep our bed is
pretty firm that's it for the vlog today
guys thank you so much for tuning in
it's pretty crazy that Ellie have her
very first contraction today don't you
think yes she's been having like more
Braxton Hicks contractions - and they've
been pretty intense like it's been
pretty crazy I don't know I I don't want
to jinx ourselves and I don't want to
like tell Ellie anything but like we
might have the baby sooner than we think
like especially compared to Jackson
that's just what I think I could be
wrong I have no idea the body is ready
when it's ready anyway - all of you guys
to the future - the current and past
mothers happy Mother's Day we love you
we're grateful for you
- those struggling we are praying for
you we are thinking of you have a
wonderful day with your family with your
friends and with those you care about
happy Mother's Day from Ellie Jackson
and Calvin and I to you we'll see you
guys later bye
