speaking of being 36 weeks pregnant I
want to do a little experiment with
Ellie well more specifically Ellie's
belly
Ellie what ah I've got the tape measure
what is so funny
hey what is so funny
show you what's so funny peekaboo with
them hey are you to go run around with
dad
you got your shoes on you got your
jacket on you got your dad I need to put
my clothes on these are just my
loungewear this is my lounge right hey
we're all wearing loungewear oh we
should all we should all just wear a
lounger he's wearing lingerie and we're
you sure your loungewear let me look
like an 80 year old man in it been here
part is there more last night Ellie and
I were cleaning up after dinner after
the amazing tonight on the ground we
were cleaning him up and we're using the
garbage disposal and for some reason it
just stopped working I'm not sure if it
was clogged I'm not sure if it's a motor
failure you know I'm not sure what it is
but the fact is we have to get it fixed
underneath most garbage disposals
there's a cool little socket that lets
you put like a little tool inside of it
and kind of lodge it on loose you can
use an Allen wrench there's usually a
special tool for it under the sink with
it
just for the garbage disposal so I just
need that special tool or some Allen
wrenches to get the garbage disposal
fixed the problem is I don't have either
one of them so I'm here at the store to
get some Allen wrenches or to find that
special little tool I'm probably gonna
get some Allen wrenches because I don't
have any and I need some are you saying
buy into the guy who helped us out is
that what you're doing ki say bye that's
so cute
all right I think I've got all the tools
that I need I've got a set of Allen
wrenches that I'm just gonna have for
myself for my tool bag and then I've got
this guy which is the specialized one so
this will help me get a little bit more
torque let's go home let's give it a
shot and we'll see if we can fix this
garbage disposal if not I'll just call
the landlord
Jackson discovered the garbage disposal
display where you can hear all the
different sounds of the different types
that he is dying to push them oh that's
so quiet
try the other one oh is that funny bud
good job come on focus focus focus oh
look at the little ducks and the
ducklings outside my house oh isn't that
the cutest thing ever look at those guys
ha ha ha that's the most precious thing
ever Ellie's gonna love this Ellie I
have returned with glad tidings what did
you watch John Burgess ah this one's
mine
yes yep thank you you're so welcome
happy Friday that is the spot job he's
like I went son he was staring that down
as soon as we got him he's like huh huh
hey you want to sit you better take a
sip quick cuz you're about ready to go
for a nap this would be a good little
treat before now yo is yummy did dad
take you to town yeah we had a lot of
fun yeah we did some man stuff and then
we did some Mother's Day stuff but I
can't tell you about did you film it I
know cuz then you would know I know
because then you would know it spoil the
surprise yeah we're a good team ha
Jackson yeah yeah we're a good team yeah
show me your muscles that you've been
working on is that better ok that looks
amazing
I hope this tool is the key to our
success mixing this drink this is good
practice for when we get our own yeah
well and the thing is like I don't want
to do too many dumb things in case Oh
make it worse like it this you know this
is no this doesn't work we'll call yeah
well this will be fun whoo it stings I
don't think that did anything well let's
find out
put me back I don't that's really weird
I don't think that would do enough to
make all of a sudden work I don't either
but let's give a shot
yeah it looks so gross it is so girl no
she's bubbly by Jove I think I've done
it I think I fixed it look at that do
you see any water collection there nope
because I'm awesome that's what it is
I'm awesome and there's no water
collection there anymore nope I'm also
the music starts playing and he comes on
and he was even dancing swing he heard
that from a mile away
you heard him he was just starting to go
downstairs and he came up really really
fast as soon as you grab that that's
funny
strummin
that's cool he's like I do it every day
he is not gentle with them he is so soft
guess who's Katy's Colin well that's not
her that's Lillian but they're talking
about YouTube frozen Marilyn Katie and
Colin started their YouTube channel to
stay connected with family and friends
our friends are on TV how fun
congratulations constantly on the news
people to come for us and our memories
to come and they look so good Katie you
look well most of their girls are
light-hearted and funny
those last time you sing so my job
diapers ah that's Jackson Jamie he's
love and Calvin scrim yeah I bet you
love this you can stand up and grab your
toy that used to be yours that's right
oh I'm sure is you like pull the whole
thing off yeah he's like what was that
he wants the noise on again ladies and
gentlemen of the jury I need to present
my face my case today is to commend
Ellie my beautiful wife right here she
Jackson I'm trying to make my case here
okay I need absolute silence okay from
you especially mr. laude pants my sweet
wife has darn near cleaned the entire
house today
she has scrubbed the toilets she has
mopped the floor she has vacuumed and
she is eight months pregnant
am i considered mine yet or is that like
legit I guess you're probably you're in
your ninth month I guess you would say
is that right
Oh No I don't know you're 36 weeks
pregnant there that's the official there
we go I am so grateful for my wife I
love my wife so much because I no matter
what my job is I get time to do my work
and she makes sure that everything is
taken care of around the house
and she never complains except today
oh no she never asks me to do anything
she never asks me well cuz you're a busy
like I can't have you mean I miss
different you've helped me do the house
I mean you do home of course yeah I pick
up I do dishes I'm clean life cleaning
like toilets and stuff it's like well
you have yours I don't want to do your
work and so I wise will do that work but
my case today is to tell you guys how
much I love and appreciate my wife
because she works so hard and I am
grateful that I have her in my life
every single day I love you it's fun fun
seeing you go back on the footage yeah
well we can't give too much away but I
have been watching a lot of the footage
from the past year here so it'll be very
exciting really okay speaking of being
36 weeks pregnant I want to do a little
experiment with Ellie
well more specifically Ellie's belly
Ellie what ah I've got the tape measure
what I want to do is I want to measure
Ellie's belly now this is just a normal
measuring tape I don't have it I'm
falling I don't have any regular like
what people would use to measure
precisely so I just have this measuring
tape but I just want to see how big your
belly is okay you're 36 weeks pregnant
you to make them guess and then then
tomorrow we'll tell them mmm no I think
we'll tell them right okay if you would
present your belly your your belly
oh hey how many lives you have my Valley
this is gonna be cold on my belly this
will probably be a little chilly on you
guys in the garage it is so good
actually i Vizier's quite nicely
it is cold sorry I screamed it's cold
okay let me guess first okay 32 no it's
like that's like my waves of 28 no oh
God go big yeah yeah okay bigger yeah
38 yes 38 inches oh my gosh really yeah
KY guessed it right after a few guesses
for 38 guys 30 there you go that's funny
wait I want to kiss the belly remember
when I kissed Jackson that's a nice
picture
I might rub your belly and my belly
buttons out by the way hope you guys
some people may be really creeped out
like my parents and father-in-law may
hate those right now this can't be any
creepier than having a magic 8-ball on
your belly but come on is my bare belly
delivery we should put an e NJ on your
belly oh that would have been fun
wait kind of a kiss yeah I love you
maybe I'm okay well thank you guys so
much for watching my back hurt so
Jerrod's gonna rub it oh you bet your
bones it's Friday night so we're gonna
watch a movie and I'm gonna rub
hillybillies oh oh
a zit punch does make it so thanks for
watching guys have a wonderful weekend
make it awesome bye
