hey what's taking you so long huh it's
because you have your blanket yeah come
on grab it let's go that way you can
help with the laundry yeah you don't
want to I need your help okay grab it
come on let's go
you can't do but although you left your
blanket you can't leave your soldier
behind Jackson no like you can't leave
him behind
he needs you too he needs your help okay
there you go
don't leave your friend behind that's
not nice I think this has been a smart
decision Jared to wake up in a better
time in the mornings and get stuff done
it's only 11:30 I filmed two videos this
morning I probably sent 30 emails this
morning and edited a bit and worked out
and I went to the gym like wow this is
been amazing I feel so good
jacksie do you feel good oh I bet you do
how was your nap this was it good did
you go poop Oh
ready come here I'll get you out
somebody say who do we got a duper
Patrol oops my truth is that what we're
doing oh wow he did go poo hey um did
you gradually dead that means I've got
dibs I gotta look at your muscles oh
okay you do put patrol poop Patrol poop
Patrol and something else that I was
working on before Jackson went down for
a nap is these are all of his winter
clothes but that I have to put away in
the box for another rainy day for
probably Calvin and half of these
clothes are Jackson's clothes that are
going to be now Calvin's
is that exciting all of your stuff we
can give to your brother yeah I didn't
know Superman was ticklish I didn't know
super Ray's great spider woman's sick
and sick a spider spider webbing
Superman does not have spider webs this
is the spider-man symbol Superman it's a
symbol of hope but isn't that the spy
man no Elliot do we need to go I bet we
need to go watch I really want to go see
The Avengers and we haven't done that
yet well we don't have a babysitter
sorry
really what I'm sorry 1 2 3
I thought that was spider-man what
Superman is well who cares Tony and for
hope it's okay I you know what I meant
he doesn't know the difference he is the
difference he's the hope that we've been
waiting for on earth the weather in the
next few days is supposed to be pretty
bad and kind of cold so we decided to
take advantage of this fun today and we
are at the coolest Park in the world
we've already been a few times but we're
going to the park you excited because
it's gonna be cold the next few days
we're just could be cooped up inside
probably
you
in
okay Jackson let's see you do it
oh my gosh he's climbing up the whole
thing
Oh Oh got it
good job buddy haha are you pretty proud
of yourself now you're gonna come back
down one two three heads I go attic
Jackson can you say all done say Oh
Jackson say all done all done good job
Jackson did you have fun at the park
mmm-hmm you found some friends your
little sad relieved in can you say we're
all done for going home taking a nap oh
can you put your head down not done yeah
okay maybe we won't do that yeah but
that was fun huh I love playground it
was really good nobody was really here
it's early in the morning it's not hot
but it's not freezing
it's nice day Ellie I I don't know what
to think right now it is five o'clock
you know Jackson at 5:30 Jackson is
still asleep
he's still sleeping what time did he go
down to 218 and he went right down oh my
gosh he must be tuckered out from that
way
what play play the thing that you play
on the toys the play place you want to I
know about Jackson tell me what you love
about Jackson he is like he's getting
into a really playful stage I was
talking to my sister a lot today about
nursing bras thanks Emily
nursing bras I was sitting on the floor
cuz I was folding laundry and I was
talking to her and he came up and he was
high height in the phone and then he
looked at me and smiled and walked on my
back and grabbed my back it was like
bear hug am I really trying
he's done he wants to get on your back
for a piggyback ride
he wants a picnic right I went like this
it was like and he was like ah like it
was so cute and this morning he was on
the bed and he was running around the
pillow yeah and I would go in and I
would tackle him and he would just a
little of it I love that we can like
rough him up and just play with it he is
just oh I just love him I just love your
little back so right now we are cooking
up we have some chicken and that grill
out there sweet little Bessie out there
we're going to use the grill we're gonna
grill some chicken we're gonna put it on
some rice and that's what we're gonna
first for dinner tonight it's gonna be a
lot of fun it's gonna be delicious to
the taste Ellie don't drop the post them
now the post the post oh yeah you know
it's crazy because they went away for a
while and your mom raves about post yeah
she knows hey well the only took until
we started talking about you for you to
wake up huh you had a good nap huh buddy
look at your hair oh you're such a good
boy you are missing out on the party huh
you can't go out a party
Jackson suffers from major FOMO if you
don't know if FOMO is FOMO stands for
fear of missing out and he suffers from
that every single day don't ya don't you
hey Jackson hi now I know I have nothing
to be worried about this is just a grill
this is just propane and everything but
every time I turn it on I still get a
little nervous to you know get the gas
going and everything and that button
right there you know sometimes I try and
stand far away before I hit it
I shouldn't be afraid right oh hi missed
it let's try it again
whoo did you see that yeah I think I
need to clean the back end a little bit
more you know in my home we have dessert
before we have dinner you guys already
know that and my mom taught me that so
what does mom award goes to her um
Jackson you are eating a cookie
and you have a rock and you've got your
dinner Jared you have outdone yourself
that's awesome look at that chicken that
he made is this succulent is it good as
a junior to taste that looks very good
I'm very excited too you can find more
recipes like this down below I'll have a
youtube link to some of the recipe that
is not mine but it'll be great
I'm just kidding I wrong that better be
my biscuits our gravy thunder because
that's the next step but we're gonna go
ahead we're going to eat dinner as a
family and I think we're going to go
ahead and is that okay to end the video
well don't ask me ask them is it okay if
we end and you guys hold out until
tomorrow
yeah I think I look he likes his green B
and C you know dessert is good before
dinner huh um yeah we're gonna go ahead
and say goodbye I think Jax and I are
gonna film a little update together so
that'll be fun but thank you guys so
much for watching
wait I guess your Mother's Day gift
today what is it I can't tell you it's a
surprise
thanks for watching guys I'm gonna make
him tell me okay see you tomorrow
buh-bye
member
ready
yeah hold your arms forgave Balder arms
we're gonna say prayer ready yep
why do you have a new father we're
grateful for the stay we're grateful for
all the many blessings we have we're
grateful for this food and we have to
