there's also so much that you guys don't
quite see for example half of the day
today Elly has been filming without any
pants on and you guys had no idea this
entire time
let's go we gotta go hear your brother's
heartbeat you ready to do that Ellie you
know what's crazy what's crazy is how
how fast you can get into excessive
checks and got into your purse pretty
quick huh
yeah Ellie we're gonna start seeing the
doctor every single week now until this
baby comes
next week is the fun appointment oh oh
oh I was watching my old 27 and 26 joke
update 36 37 so I'm Edwin Jackson and I
was dilated to a 2 and a 4 sunny face so
next week we'll know where I'm at with
Kelvin so it'll be fun to come here yeah
hey Jackson do you want to cook us some
breakfast real quick maybe some nice
eggs and bacon and pancakes oh okay
maybe later I guess I guess he wants to
finish his puzzle first before they make
us this is that right yeah probably is
you know you got to get them straight
puzzles come first before breakfast
there you go bud have some good looking
eggs right there oh you've taken up with
that that's probably not the most
sanitary thing in the world I've got to
show you how to flip this egg ready 1 2
3 all right there we go I think we're
all set I think it's just about done mmm
make sure it's cooked properly yep is it
ready to eat I think we're that need to
eat it beginning there was a man and a
woman and a young more eventually time
went on to where they would come to a
doctor's office would they make it out
no one knows Luke
ah creepy it's like a head still down
are you we found a lot better than
bigger the last time I am doing a little
project today that I'm putting my energy
towards it is one project but one big
project and it is cleaning the car jared
is getting some work done Jackson's
asleep and I just took everything out of
the car and I have to go to the store to
get some more cleaning stuff but I'm
going to clean the car then Jared can
install the car seat and I cannot
believe that we're installing the car
seat I cannot believe the works on the
car seat so I'm getting the car cleaned
we'll see how much I feel really good
right now I feel pretty energized so
we'll see how I do here in an hour - I
love you
see you later Jared's calling his
insurance he is I told him on like
because we have different insurance now
for Calvin than we did with Jackson I
was like you price a call we should
probably figure everything out baby wise
as far as as far as insurance goes I was
in the car aisle and I don't know how
somehow somehow I ended up in the candy
aisle
it's crazy looking back on life and
seeing all of the change that has
happened that video right there was
almost a year ago and I'm working on a
really cool project for one year of
daily vlogs it's just so fun to look
back and see Ellie and Jared in the car
driving down the road and saying let's
just try it for a week let's just see
what happens and then from that week it
went to two weeks and then two weeks
turned into a month and a month turned
to six months and then six months is
turning into a year Ellie and I are so
grateful for this opportunity to daily
vlog and to share our lives with so many
people it is so fun and I cannot wait
for the future I am so excited for the
future is it funny like I can't wait but
I have to like I'm sorry you don't have
a choice turd you have to wait because
it's the future it comes from one second
at a time maybe Einstein came up with
something like that the theory of
relativity maybe I don't know I think if
we travel at a certain point past the
speed of light and you know time changes
a little bit
anyway that's totally irrelevant to the
situation at hand but I already just
having almost a year of footage like
it's so fun to look back it's so cool
but I'm excited I've got to get back to
work on this project because it's very
important and I only have like 25 days
to finish it
we were in your team chair let me know
down below it drops you healthy in your
lane make that now
so there you have it guys were you team
Jared over you team Ellie it's funny she
was not really all into it at that point
but I'm so glad we are now Jackson that
was like a three hour nap
do you know how long that is that's
almost as long as Gilligan's Island the
entire show three hours it was one on a
three-hour tour hey it's good to see you
what do you say we have some gone nuts
gone dogs we got some for lunch
Jackson these corn dogs are very fucked
can you blow on them good job good yeah
Ellie you are a working woman
well thanks Jackson for taking the
wicked nap I got the car nice and
scrubbed and cleaned in detail as good
as I could outside not so much but it's
been raining like crazy too so it's been
kind of fun being in the garage and
having it raining and having it really
like a cool breeze was coming in I loved
it I'm hungry we're all hungry let's eat
you just can't resist aha Jackson you
think everything's for you but it's not
I fold that huh huh huh is that pretty
cool didn't you just hate getting into
your car seat today when we went to the
doctor's appointment yeah you just
didn't like it did you hear me is like
what's that oh I did like you this is
for Calvin you're gonna open the eyes
and get it all that shoes dude it looks
right are you excited to have a little
brother Jackson oh here let me help you
let me help you Oh strong woman
she-hulk I could like look do you like
it I like it I like this about the
fabric yeah it's far too comfortable I'm
good
get out of my head get it out of there
hey this is for brother
you're cute that it hey daddy's hey hold
it 35 pounds are you calling me fat look
how cute that is look how our little
baby is gonna rest his head right here
and we're gonna have to keep fighting
Jackson to get out of there huh yeah
yeah Kia I like it is it comfortable in
it you look like it I used to Grambling
like a little gremlin
Chevy cheeks like where we going where
we going on our next row today I strap
him in though oh yeah this is new that's
why he likes it it's exciting
now that's what I'm expecting you can
play in that box all day long I was I
pulled the car see a time I thought I
hope that Jackson that goes and plays at
the box sure enough you do that's kind
of fun I always loved doing that heck I
still love doing I'm just gonna say this
call for a blow-up or no Jackson gate
come on oh okay
come on Oh foxy big enough for the two
of you Jackson I bought this for us to
share okay whatever you're not in my
club anyway see you later
okay do you guys ever find a $10 bill
and your wallet and you're like what I
notice is there or you find it in your
pants and you're like what score and
last year's winter pants
well when Bryan and Missy came to visit
we went to the wash store and I bought a
whole bunch of butter balls bath bombs
and then for some reason I was like
where did they all go I know I did not
use five butter balls like where are
they all I could not find them so for
the life of me I was just like okay I
guess I used them I've been cleaning out
like all of my cupboards I took all my
lush bags out I am cleaning out just
kind of just my whole under area stuff
and guess
what I found to Butterball's I am in
heaven right now
oh I'm in heaven right now you guys know
lush is my favorite store lush come on
come on I would love to do a video for
you lush it is literally my favorite
store but seriously I saw these and I
was like oh my gosh
I already feel hundred times better
because guess who's taking it that good
I seriously was so excited you know what
one of my favorite things about vlogging
is there's so much you can film that you
guys see but there's also so much that
you guys don't quite see for example
half of the day today Ellie has been
filming without any pants on and you
guys had no idea that this entire time
I'm really hoping there's no mirror shot
because I think there's a video shaycarl
where he wasn't wearing any pants at all
or underwear and there was a mirror shot
but I don't know what you're talking if
I point this camera around it Ellie I
think Jerry's just trying to make you
guys I don't know what you're talking
about she's not wearing any pants I'm
looking right at her bare skin or white
legs and they're mighty fine I know what
are you talking about big bruise on my
leg you do uh-oh from what I don't know
I think sometimes in your party you just
get Bruce's easy no everyone's gonna
think that I punched yours yeah come on
Jared stop hey um I am making another
set of dinner because Jared and I are
still starving Jackson's gone good on
his I think haven't you guys ever heard
of second dinner I have to be really
careful now because I can't turn back
that way yeah I'm not Ellie wants me to
pretend like she is wearing pants but
she's not wearing any pants Jackson what
do you think about your mom she's not
wearing any pants have you seen my pants
isn't that from the lego movie
I don't know something like that because
I've seen right now I can your look just
fine looks like you're wearing pants
yeah I am 36 6 weeks and I don't want a
wedding pan so that's ok you know what
Ellie you are not alone in this you are
not alone pants are coming off can you
see my pants right now
ha ha ha see these pants yeah my pants
are off right now guys I hope you can't
see anything if you can I'm editing it
out just like the moon if you can well
congratulations in all seriousness we
are wearing pants shit red gem run ok
we're finishing making grilled cheese I
think it's about time to say goodnight
thank you guys so much for watching I
got the car all nice and clean thank you
got a lot of work done today I am
excited for our project I cannot wait
yeah you're working a really fun project
Jackson you're liking your dinner can
you say goodbye hey cookie laughing it
daddy
okay well Jackson says goodbye thank you
guys we'll see you tomorrow
by
