let's do a test how many spins does it
take for a toddler to throw up not yet
okay keep going
yeah not yeah keep going
le we're late we're late we gotta go you
got to stop watching the vlog cuz we're
late we gotta go watch our vlog I know
you like to look at yourself on the
vlogs it's a very vain thing I do it too
it's okay it's not that vain I'm just
kidding I bet you thought this song was
about you lit my guitars today is fun
because we're gonna go to Ellie's mom's
house and we're gonna do something very
special for her for Mother's Day are you
excited yes I guess actually you're
doing well you have a part too you have
to pick everything out we'll tell them
get there alright stay tuned because
this is exciting so we are here at the
nursery are getting a bunch of flowers
so we can plant in mom's garden and I
think I found our newest latest lawn
accessory
Jackson what do you think of that
does that look scary oh who put that in
the garden do you think that will keep
all the bugs away how the bugs that we
don't want what do you think about that
that pretty crazy oh yeah
hmm
okay I think it is about time that I
tell you guys what we are doing with
Mama
your daughter's invited to get to girl
come here yeah Debbie Ruby Bonnie and
Julie and dad we all and the boys but
all the girls we decided to go in this
year was yeah yeah you go get the
flowers we decided that this year for
Mother's Day that we were going to go in
on flowers for Mom and that we were
going to take mom out to lunch so we're
going to take you to lunch we got
flowers aunt Ruby was the smartest of
them all look what she got for all the
kids so for all the kids
she brought drinks to keep them
entertained where are those oh well
they're all gone cuz all the kids
grabbed them but all the kids got
drinking I was a smart guy okay but we
got flowers sober on the boys and I Ruby
I guess pregnancy Bonnie said that not
to do it does that mean I'm gonna do all
the plan - yes Ruby the oldest I'll do
it on you I have to so they're gonna
plant some flowers and it doesn't be
mom's Mother's Day gifts I thought that
was going to my mother's day ever and
hide you later we'd be fine mom so we're
to go ahead and FaceTime julian same i
wanted to make sure the ants on you knew
that these flowers were just as much for
her for a Mother's Day from us yeah
because this is what she's looking at me
I know to have a pretty atmosphere Sonya
and mom so this is about any excuse for
us to get together is a good excuse
right party all right Ellie
turn and cough yeah you mean turn and
plant flowers yes
should we montage this yeah does this
call for a montage yes let's montage it
up
you
you
you
you
you
oh yeah I think it's about that time I
think we've come into that time and the
time line where we need to do the thing
where we get at the time we are 36 weeks
explaining here's tomorrow here's what I
want you to do I want you to face that
way okay face that way this is Ellie
now turn I posted picture yesterday a
lot like whoa your belly does it look
bigger guys like does it look
it does look bigger does it look big
does it look big but my 36th week doctor
appointment is tomorrow and since we are
down in town visiting mom I thought
let's just get the infant carseat now so
that we can have it just in case so
we've been looking at car seats we're
gonna grab one and it's crazy we're
bringing a baby home
in a matter of a weeks we are bringing a
baby a new baby into our house baby what
is that Oh oh my gosh where do you get
that banana in your purse hey I don't
know that was that's not the part you
eat he's like he had a sour look on his
face didn't the part here okay yep take
that out too this is the part you eat
it's like oh that's so much better
oh no other than Anna and your edges I
can't believe that we are bringing a
baby brother David cakes
Calvin home in a few weeks this isn't do
you remember when we are at the other
store well we were expecting this guy
yeah we were running up and down the
aisles and yeah we had the stroller and
we were running and turning and
everything like that that I can still
remember that to this day like vividly
it's exciting this is fun this is fun
let's grab it last one tight wait wait
I'll get it I'll get it okay okay you
get it yeah you are the gentle man you
are the man that's it daddy was doing we
are getting yours I would say other than
diapers the most necessity thing that we
needed for baby Calvin necessity thing
it makes sense in my mind makes sense in
my mind the the most the thing we need
most it's the thing that we hate your
boss was a car seat and we have got it
we are proof we are ready to go whenever
Calvin comes hopefully he stays good
another few weeks
Jackson is like protecting this car seat
yeah I know my bread my brother's gonna
be in it we're gonna make sure it's safe
and secure lock and load yeah yeah you
look like you keep that safe oh you want
to be yours
no it's brother Sheldon yes sorry dude
yeah sorry you have your own let's go
see hi doggies you came out to play hi
puppies oh they're loving you
what is that Jackson - doggy can you say
doggy doctor yeah well we might be back
for Mother's Day but in case we're not
in case we're not Jackson he just wants
to go play with the puppies say happy
Mother's Day to Grandma hmm yeah yeah
must not know his boy only mama grandmas
can do that huh no one else that would
want great hard hi grandma
how are ya it's good to see you Hey hi
give grandma a kiss give grandma a kiss
oh good boy she has a rock you want to
get another Rock yeah you can have it
get it go get it out okay sir I ins I
will get him he's being so shy are you
gonna come get it there you go
it just took some coaxing is uh oh you
thought that was funny good a handful
that was nice yeah see he'll come to you
if you have rocks isn't he kind of funny
that's a lesson for all of you guys
ladies and Joe Jackson will like you
yeah Jackson's just having so much fun
exploring a grandma's yard and I think
you you found a friend is that squirrel
your friend good yeah whoa I swear I
mean he's been playing in the yard all
day rocks and grandmas at Grandma great
he's just been playing in the yard and
loving life
the rock for you like you rocks so I'm
sitting here with my grandma isn't she
beautiful how are you doing grandma I'm
doing great good glad to hear it
so one thing that I wanted to ask you
you have lived a wonderful wonderful
life I have you certainly have and I
think you're one of the greatest
examples that people can look to now my
question for you and I think about this
a lot is you have thousands of people
that are listening right now what is if
you could tell them one thing what would
that be
Oh
think positive try to be kind and loving
to everyone there you have it and I
think it's as simple as that
mmm don't you think stay positive be
kind love one another and I think that
will make the world a better place don't
you think I think so too
cool it does make it better well guys
thanks so much for watching today I hope
you guys have a wonderful day and
grandma what did you want to say if you
liked that video give them a thumbs up
hahaha thanks grandma alrighty have a
wonderful day guys and we'll see you
tomorrow bye you can say bye oh yeah
