good morning everybody do you want to
know what one of my favorite things is
my favorite thing is seeing Jackson play
with my old toys that was mine I used to
play that all the time and you're not
really using oh there you go use it the
right way push it or against you get
hold it but I am just picking up I'm
getting off our stuff unpacked from the
past few days that we've had and Jackson
is playing with mommy's old toys I think
that is so fun you like it
we're gonna watch some vlogs and we're
going to clip Jackson's fingernails
because this is how Jackson said stills
we watch videos and he'll let me clip
his fingernails perfect watch our videos
look how good does fingernails look
fingernails are clean
next is toenails put your head down put
your head here you get taken out okay
now now I gotta go eat because I'm
starving now wait a second you fixin
what have you got there bud hey oh look
at that shirt that's a good-looking
shirt but you oh I'm not going to I just
wanted to see what he had in his hands
Jackson loves rocks more than anything
in the world in fact I think that's what
we're gonna get him for Christmas is
just some rocks that you can keep inside
the house Cole yeah oh maybe that's why
we get coal for Christmas maybe baby
kids really do like hole did you ever
get coal as a kid for Christmas no we I
remember there was one year that we got
coal for Christmas it was like this
caramel nutty chocolaty yeah it was
really funny but at first I was like
what the heck like what is this like I
promise I was good Santa Claus I promise
okay Jackson
we should probably put some water in
this do you think water would be good in
the pool with all the balls and
everything do you think the water would
be good
what do you mean of course all right
jack
but before we put water in there before
we put it in water in there we know we
need to go run some errands do you want
to go run some errands I love running
marathon of errands here we go we can go
to the store but first Jarrod zip up
your zipper I can't believe I forgot to
zip up myself you know just because you
wear a cat shirt my favorite just
because you wear it doesn't mean you can
walk around with your zipper undone and
everyday struggle it is an everyday
struggle zip up your zipper boys let's
go when your child wants to go into town
carrying rocks you just let him it's not
a big deal you hold those rocks rock
those are yours and we are not to touch
them those are your right nope yep we
are buying diapers for the last time
before the problem comes to Jarrod here
on his duty Wow
and I am on Calvin's duty I do
I don't know I'm not too worried about
it and Calvin I think I'm gonna get
another box of twos and then that's it
I've stocked up not a whole ton I think
I probably have I probably have four
boxes of diapers at home so that would
be nice so that we won't have to like
run into town real quick one day you
know I all will at least have a little
stockpile so diapers and what else were
we gonna get I don't know pretty much
diapers baby stuff doesn't we'll get him
yes well he's he's coughing cuz every
time he coughs I try and cover my head
covers oh god he keeps trying to put the
rock in his mouth I'm like okay stop
stop stop I think and he's like hey
Jackson
that's hot can you blow kisses for to be
yarn kisses
when working
it's big I can feel the baby's foot
right here like clear over here and then
I feel his other part of his body over
here he covers your whole body
yes something my toys fill him with his
felt like I feel I feel a little fuck
foot kicking and moving around like
right here that was just so crazy to me
I love it I think this is so fun five
week five look like pretty boy and a
half because I have my appointments on
Wednesday for a thirty-six week update
oh my gosh I like my little foot right
here guys look right here on the side
other parts clear over here and that's
crazy oh my gosh oh my gosh I feel it
again right here I feel it sticking out
right front like it's sticking I feel it
baby brother is that cool
that's amazing literally like okay hey
like his foot was put Trudie kid I don't
know if you guys can even see it's right
close by not and with the camera but
doesn't make it seem like that much more
oh my gosh I can't believe it
Jackson still has his rock by the way
all the older people that see him
laughing like this is that the best toy
ever
isn't he just a boy yeah isn't he just a
boy good boy clicking rock baby's a rock
yeah would anybody like some
strawberries hmm anyone I've got a whole
bag of them cut up but sorry they're all
for me they're all for me none for you
all for me maybe I'll put one in
Jackson's little sippy cup when he
drinks water I'll share a little with
you I'll share love with you but mostly
they're all over me I already filled up
a big bag of this
there's the breath and yeah I already
filled up a big bag events like how long
ago is that Jared not even not even two
months yeah very long but I've gone
through almost all of it with my water
and I have been doing really well and I
feel like I even though like I'm towards
the end of the pregnancy and I'm not
feeling all that well I feel like I feel
better than I would if I didn't drink as
much water and I think I I look pretty
good like I haven't retained a whole ton
of water but I just think that it's
helped that I have been drinking water
with strawberries in it seriously four
bucks a whole bunch of strawberries this
is awesome this is my favorite thing
ever it's like my new hobby
cutting strawberry pieces up and putting
it in my water am I crazy
you're a little bit crazy but I have a
question that's completely unrelated to
anything that you've been talking about
for the past minute a half nice this
night oh just kidding it is my very
sharks game for Christmas I want to know
a question I I know no question I have a
question for you I've seen a lot of
people on YouTube and Twitter and all of
these different things rave about the
Samsung Galaxy s6 camera my question is
what is your favorite cell phone camera
that's what I want to know I'm just
genuinely curious what's your favorite
cell phone camera leave a comment down
below thanks Mike hey Jonah help me make
dinner Jackson where you going Jackson
Jonah help me don't you don't help me
flip the dinner bad day want to help me
look it's kind of messy but we're making
french toast for dinner gonna help me
flip it yeah okay
he knows it's hot do you hear a blow
that's hot blow on April 1 ah it's hot
blow
yes hi good boy well I'm gonna help you
because it is hot good job mmm it's so
delicious it's so soft sweet on the tip
of my tongue you taste like give me kiss
we are gonna have dinner together as a
family I apologize that I have been
absent the past couple of clips here I
have been working my tail off today
bringing you guys new awesome content I
have a video that's gonna be going up on
my channel here I would probably say
eight within a week or two he's gonna
it's gonna be a it's something that my
dad and I did so that one's gonna go up
first as a video my dad and I did
together I'm really excited for it
I hope it turns out as good as I wanted
to for you guys I'm really excited so
that's what's new that's what's going on
we're gonna have dinner we're gonna have
some awesome french toast at my sweet
sweet wife and her sweet sweet bum made
oh oh look at your bum you guys are
matching and I think it's so cute thanks
for watching the vlog today guys have a
wonderful day
and we'll see you what will we see him
tomorrow Jax arrived - see you tomorrow
bye say bye bye
