are you playing peek-a-boo grandma thank
you filled out a thousand four times a
year you want to play the Jackson just
like
you sure look like you're having fun
hanging out with your cousins eating a
cookie
I'm nom nom nom what's a cookie of
choice today guys oh yeah chocolate chip
that's one of my favorite to like you
Holly what was your chocolate chip
choice or chocolate chip choice cookie
Joyce
snickerdoodle Tyler what about you God
chocolate chip I'm right the past
clipper so prep doesn't make a ton of
sense to guys so I thought I'd come and
offer up an explanation for you like I
said yesterday the family has had a lot
of stuff going on the past couple days
we had a baptism we went to a wedding
reception and then this morning my
cousin had twins not too long ago and so
we had a family gathering at church and
it was just a lot of fun and then
afterwards we all had you know cookies
and juice and you know punch and
everything so that was a lot of fun some
of my favorite times like I said is when
the family gets together when we have
these special occasions and it just
means so much as a family to have those
times together and I really wish I would
have filmed a little bit more but I
think the kind of activity that we were
doing especially in church you know it
wasn't appropriate to film so but you
know with all the other people there
sometimes I still get a little nervous
grabbing the camera and filming in front
of people because there were some people
there that I didn't know but my grandma
was there my aunts and uncles were there
Mellon Gary from New York and their kids
were there it was just a lot of fun and
I'm just grateful for my family and
especially Sunday I think it's really
important to think about all the things
that you're grateful for and to really
count your blessings and today I think
that's what Ellie and I are doing is
we're counting our blessings say dougie
oh good job dougie you have to say it
real loud three times
Dougie dougie where in the world are the
dogs huh well there you are hey puppy
how are you oh you're giving the camera
kisses we were looking for you and you
were just on a walk huh
oh look how cute look how cute hahaha
that's so perfect
hahahaha that's so perfect
uh-oh
how cute is that
SiC em SiC em SiC them get the puppy ha
ha it's okay bird that was so cute they
were like running towards each other
ducky Hey oh that's a good puppy exactly
one like the lab's tongue is strong
enough to knock a baby over well the
labs Tong and the labs tailed are the
the greatest strengths of any lab in the
world right scary yeah
wrinkles tail has been known to knock
down very tall buildings skyscrapers
even a little unlike them yeah that IP
and I wrong it's a beautiful Sunday
afternoon and we're spending the day
outside on the swings all the wind that
went in my dress no show me again is
that bad whoa do you want to swing with
Mama
there's awesome with me he just wants to
swing by himself Jackson the thing about
swinging and this is something that I've
seen with many many parents and many
Maui children is if you're gonna swing
by yourself you got to be able to push
yourself okay you got to learn how to
pump kid okay
pump and rest and pump and rest those
are the rules of swinging and make sure
you stay out of someone's shower unless
you really really do like them
he's getting kind of jumpy yeah he just
licks him oh good boy
Jackson is this swinging funny to you
huh every time I pass by you seem to be
laughing hi hi you want to go this hi
bud my favorite thing during elementary
school was during recess is going on the
swings because we had ginormous swings
they were absolutely huge and I loved
closing my eyes and like leaning my head
back it was my favorite thing just the
rush of the wind in your face and oh it
was my favorite thing to just go upside
down why maybe that's why I like pole
vaulting so much it's cuz you kind of
feel like you're flying and then you go
then you go upside down yeah speaking of
upside down
here's a trampoline over there
I can go upside down on the trampoline
Ellie I'm gonna go upside down on the
table' Nelly on the trampoline hook ya
gotta get this off here
OOP one two three you know what 60
frames per second that's what we're
gonna do one two three Wow I almost
Robert over-rotated one two three
you know I have never been able to do
I've never done a back flip and I've
always wanted to do and I was all behind
le
nope not 35 weeks pregnant I'm not I've
always wanted to do a back flip that
I've never I've never like had the
courage to oh there's a dog he wants to
do a back flip Jackson likes it has it
I've been on the trap much Hey hmm Glenn
see you can you jump jump hi
you use your shoes to jump high oh he's
bouncing his knees jump you jump yeah
good job
keep jumping oh that's cute mom get on
there get back foot oh yeah you're good
at him mr. Ciampa lanius know this
trampoline is 37 years old their gate
yeah the bars the bars the bars okay
yeah I grandma grandpa had this and they
gave it to us when we lived in the
trailer park we we've moved it
everywhere we've moved growing up when
when I think it was the tarp that was
getting old
I even these Springs are as old but I
think it was when the tarp was old that
we would jump and the springs would fly
out and they would like going to the
neighbor's yard and they would like hit
us kids and we've had to replace the top
a couple times but how fun is that this
was my grandparents trampoline 75 years
old oh how old is it okay I wasn't
listening we've had three yeah that's
crazy
we're gonna double bounce grandma okay
Jared you don't have to jump thank you
seriously I just gave Jared the look I
said tone do they have a language for
when we're vlogging like I don't want
this in the vlog it's the Duster like
don't you try to that came on come sit
down by me Oh
mom mom and I were just talking I came
upstairs we've been packing up to go and
I slowly was gone up the stairs and I
was I just starting breathing I told mom
I was kind of getting teary die and I go
I need I need to do a video I was like I
need to go home and I need to do this
and she goes no don't you just and so I
thought okay I guess your mom's advice
slow down a little bit you look at Amiga
tira I don't mean to tear up but I just
was really I've just been so tired my
body will and we've overdone at the past
few days but I figured since I've got
mom here and I've got my big belly here
right I was gonna ask him a question
and um and the reason why I want to ask
you now is because I'm gonna see mom a
lot this month or probably a few more
times this month before
Calvin arrives but my mom has other
obligations and other plans that she's
going to go do so you know I really want
to see maybe too much of you before
Calvin comes so I think that my mom had
five kids and I was the youngest I don't
know why I'm crying
but you struggled with me
because I was the youngest to shift for
kids to take care of see I only have
Jackson and I have a lot of Jarrod's
help look this is this is your this is
your Monday video
you've got two people crying hahaha but
but I don't know why I think I get
emotional just because like it doesn't
matter if you had a hard time getting
pregnant it doesn't matter if you get
pregnant or whatever your situation is
every pregnancy every pregnancy it is a
struggle and it is precise and I think
you struggled with me didn't you do you
I think Donnell you can't even walk yeah
if he's just like anybody else isn't
pinched a nerve or whatever it is and
literally couldn't walk
is that how well it was very end yeah
yeah so I don't know so I'm right blood
she's here I'm grateful for my mom
because this is not easy work and she
did it
for all of her babies and you loved all
of your kids and that's a lot of work to
carry a baby and I think I'm just
finishing up
King Calvin and I think it's I think
when I hit 30 weeks it hit me but I
think this week it hit me like would you
say Jared oh yeah I definitely think so
and you have to remember you are making
a human being I know isn't that weird
this is getting pregnant is hard having
a baby just the thought of it everything
that happens is it is a miracle I have
four arms Oh creepy is that two of them
are yours too I have no I have two
hearts like I have four legs that's
weird like it just you know it makes you
grateful for your mom and I think it's
really fitting that you're talking about
this cuz Mother's Day no no but I don't
know I just we're sitting here talking I
thought these are the moments you want
to film like I want to vlog you know
like the hard time too and like coming
up the stairs it was really hard so so
that's my pill for the day but doesn't
it remind you how grateful you Oh
totally like that's that's the thing
that is just like these are the trials
come on make every single reason these
are the trials and these are the hard
times that I'm just like I am so
grateful it makes me that much more
grateful and it's like look at the
outcome like how fun is that
like I'm excited I'm excited to meet
Calvin but I definitely wanted to share
that I just wasn't
I haven't been phone that well no no I'm
grateful for you I must take good care
of yourself and I will okay okay I got
that little baby coming a few weeks in
you need your energy okay well I'm
listen to Mama's orders then I was gonna
go home and do stuff I'm like I'll just
go home and I'm gonna take the lush bath
nice my butterball right
anything he can whether it's pellets or
his socks he's pulling it off I think
you young moms do a ton you do a ton not
of yet I think you have all your sisters
too hmm can be Mother's Day everybody
yes happy Mother's Day people praise the
current I think we're gonna go ahead and
there guys thank you so much for
watching every single day thank you we
appreciate it
mom appreciates it and mom says happy
Mother's Day to you so we'll see you
guys tomorrow bye-bye
by
