good morning good morning everyone looks
so sharp and dapper
it's sharp looking Saturdays what it is
boys in their white shirt Oh Jackson
that's the first time you've ever worn
in your entire life huh I think it's so
cute
hey you sharp looking guys over here and
your bow ties and suspenders let me snap
those oh I just unsnap too hard you're
not too happy about that
whoops
welcome to the music room happy are you
gonna place a song for any guy Oh No
but we've got a harp here we've got a
tiny tiny violin you got more violins
we've got a guitar
Jackson Jackson how was your nap bud
it was good you had a good Nia you
having fun with all your cousin's here
ok you go play gosh
doesn't even want to talk to me on
camera can't believe that game he
doesn't look long talking on Caroline's
won't go play with his cousins or
something like that just wants to play
with his cousins I wants to do he's
upstairs playing with his cousins Abbi
huh come here it was your special day
today huh it was Abby's special day
today she got baptized and you sink or
you played really good on the harp too
huh yeah yes you did come on can you
show me the necklace grandma got you
what is it there's little pearls
it was Abby's big day we were just
getting ready to say goodbye and she got
his quiz all her cousins and you played
wonderfully on the heart I hope you had
a good day you're pretty special to us
you know that you know that you guys
remember what we were talking about a
favorite ice-cream place called Sub Zero
well you're in luck
we just found one I think we're going to
have some
it's amazing I think we're gonna meet up
with some friends yeah I think that
might be fun to see who who's in
sub-sahara right now are you ready for
this this is his first sub-zero
experience isn't it
yeah he's gonna go crazy over there of
the fog
liquid nitrogen did you say that for
real oh my gosh liquid nitrogen that's
cool and we're about to see it done I
think that the doctors used to use
liquid nitrogen a careful on your
warship yeah kind of yummy ice Ellie
Ellie will tell you that this scar right
here was from a BB gun nope
it's a wart that was frozen off they
used to strap me to a table yeah look at
that
that's your ice cream
touch it hmm do you think yeah well
chilly beeping go ahead touch it
Oh someone just stole our baby no me he
just grabs me yeah welcome to our vlog -
yes say hello to Aspen and Parker I'm
your media it's so crazy because we were
just talking like yesterday like hey we
need to get a nun in touch with them oh
we're in town like this is so fun so you
guys are here for weddings but not for
your own yeah so when is that gonna
happen guys come on
you probably get that a lot you want to
have guys we're just checking out with
our ice cream and Caitlyn here obviously
I could see that we were videoing
ourselves a whole time and she has to be
at a YouTube channel and then you said
that you always wanted to do YouTube
what's stopping you
I'm nervous you're nervous do it just go
for it
oh god yeah it's fun even if you just do
like one a week but that would be fun
how does your YouTube channel - oh yeah
yeah Aspen so far is how you say I
always feel like I say it like I'm right
okay what's your guy's name Joe alien
job
no I don't know my own champion
we appreciate that you should try it
don't be afraid because they are nice
okay maybe I will
okay do it say go katlyn do it well that
was a lot of fun Thanks for meeting up
with us guys and having ice cream yeah
watch us on the wall ha ha we'll see if
you guys make the cut
ha ha ha I'm totally kidding I am
excited though Furla cuz we're gonna be
seeing each other soon like all the
different conventions and everything so
it'll be fun
did you just say we're always up yes
cheers talking to a sister and I now I'm
talking to myself but really I'm talking
to you guys
we are meeting up with Jared's sister
that is coming from New York you're so
excited
many people are cousins but as we were
walking through town I was like rush you
all know I love me some butter balls and
I went to walk in and I turned right
back around and I said not today I said
all just orders them online if I want to
or maybe next time going you can't go
into lush when it's when it's crowded
you have to take your time you have to
be able to smell everything and touch
everything because it's such a cool
store so unfortunately I passed it this
time those are the first time I've ever
skipped it because I love it so much but
I still have a few butter balls at home
for when Calvin Carson who takes a nice
luxurious baths so next time but let's
get meet up with your sister I think so
I'm found the waterfall
just a second
how cute are you boys
he just wants to go playing that
waterfall so bad I would take him but
I'd probably end up doing a little
friend flip on him
that's dad's job down here bub
see you later boy who spots the cute
baby and the husband Jared is just
following Jackson around and if he's
calling him wherever he goes
that's cute guys you just wrote in to
Natalie and Ryan thank you so much for
stopping and saying hi but we were just
talking about how like sometimes people
are nervous to say hi to us but how it
makes our day and what is our
conversation every time we run into
someone glad we weren't fighting
so are you very often - they're so
against with like we are getting
stressed or frustrated and Jackson's
crying and it's just no things are
happening yeah so that's a for like we
need people to come at us because then
it makes us like be well cave thank you
for keeping us enough say hi
okay Jackson I have a question for you
how are those bruises on your head huh
how are those two bruises one right here
and one right there thank you for me
appreciate those I'm checking still
skills that you have going to be a ninja
when he grows up I know we walked into
the room and Boston had some sort of toy
he was like going crazy and little
Jackson got the the end of it hi Jared
Jared the siblings who he wants to hi hi
hi see ya Jackson's cousins feeding him
hi Eva
are you excited to see Jackson yeah whoa
here let's put this on there okay you
can feed them that
our next stop of the day is a wedding
reception so here is the happy couple
look how great they look I'm gonna see
if I can sneak some cake cuz that's the
real reason why people come to wedding
receptions is to get some cake am i
right look how beautiful it is in here
oh yeah Jackson do you love the beard
that what you like no now he's pushing
you away wait what did you say you
wishes daddy grow up
I swear Jackson's gonna let go and don't
like dentistry or orthodontist oh not
even faze he's just like no I'm gonna do
this I'm gonna do this and you're gonna
let me Jackson is like okay he's gonna
gag EW that's so funny go our kid oh
he's still going at it
Jackson I'm done I'm done well that was
a very exciting wedding reception wasn't
it Ellie
yeah it was really nice so are you a lot
of people there oh yeah I actually did
we do a good amount of people so my
brother-in-law's
brother got married and we went we
weren't invited though like we didn't
get an invitation but we decided to go
anyway because why not
we're family right my brother-in-law his
family is like my family and so we have
like this really close connection so we
just thought it'd be fun to come out and
you know what I mentioned about cake and
wedding reception they didn't have any
cake
they had something probably even better
ice cream so we had a double dose of ice
cream today heavily what did you get I
got the parlays of cream and I got me a
chocolate chip and it was delicious I
love when you have moments like that
that brings so many people together I
love like weddings and reunions because
of all of the family members and all the
people that you don't see for a long
time are back together and you make that
connection yet again it's just so
wonderful to me and I love it I love it
more than anything in the world
I love getting together as a family and
it just makes you realize like family is
so important I'm grateful for my family
and I love my family and that's all I
have to say that's I'm getting up my
soapbox right now so someone else the
floor is yours
even have a foreclosure is it Joe Graham
hey guys I think that is our video today
we've been driving and driving driving
Jackson but a trooper we're going to go
ahead and say goodbye and finish our
drive at 2:00
wherever we decided to stop tonight the
choice is ours so thank you guys so much
for watching I'll see you tomorrow bye
like always
my
say goodbye jack
by did you hear he says it to say
goodbye bye
