come here come help me can you pull all
the clothes out so I can fold them no no
no you're supposed to pull them out
Jackson you're supposed to pull them out
so I can fold them okay I need to fold
these can you can you help give them to
me whoa come here we don't belong in the
dryer
let's start over look look
can you pull these out can you pull them
out for Mama pull them out good job
pull him out help me you're my little
helper today good job good morning guys
today is kind of a fun day it's Friday
and Jared and I are going on a date and
I am trying to have and Jackson is my
helper and he is helping me take clothes
out of the dryer so I can fold them and
we are going on a date and I'm just so
excited so I've got to get the house
cleaned I've got to get the laundry done
Jared's getting work done Jackson's
gonna come into town with me so we can
get some church socks and then we're
gonna go on date
hey can you come upstairs yeah come here
come on hurry say yeah say yeah mom yeah
come on we're not done with chores you
got to help me the cells lady came out
to me and said your son's being so good
does he want a balloon ah Jackson loves
balloons every time we go anywhere and
he sees a balloon huh he wants one so
that is so plain
yeah
did we just change plans um we just
changed plans better get back in I'm
gonna go grab a suitcase because some
things have changed from our normal
ordinary schedule today we had planned
to go have dinner with Bonnie and Joel
tonight just for fun that's a Friday Day
night but instead we have to drive all
the way back down to where we were when
we had the dinner a couple days ago for
a baptism tomorrow so instead of driving
there tomorrow morning and have to be
there at 9:00 a.m. we're gonna drive
halfway tonight and go the rest of the
way tomorrow so we're getting our
suitcase ready because we have to drive
to Ellie's parents house tonight and
we're going to do a family thing tonight
so I think that'll be a little bit more
fun it'll be a big family gathering so
we've got to get this suitcase we've got
to get it packed up we've got to get a
ready rock and roll so Ellie can put her
hair products in there yeah that's what
it's gonna fill up with is hair products
I know I have a couple but not that many
geez hi
hi hi oh I'm gonna get you I'll go get
you I'm gonna get you I got you I got
you buddy how are you I'm gonna be
better doing our plans this way that way
we don't have to drive so much in the
morning I think - yeah two and a half
hours is we love road trips but two and
a half hours in the early and the a.m.
with this guy and we'd have to wake him
up Earl if we did that so yeah
absolutely good I told him it's going to
be a family thing tonight so we're gonna
have a lot of fun
heck yeah I thought you guys charge you
guys are gonna die on us don't die what
is going on
did I just hear about a little monkey
jumping on the bed yeah I would I just
heard a little monkey jumping on the bed
are you jumping on the bed her have you
been jebin I look over he's like hey why
are you talking seriously isn't he just
the cutest thing ever
yeah like mom please tickle me some more
so I can make some money raising wet
wipe bogs if I tease me he's so cute
jumping on the bed jump jump jump jump
oh you're so cute here let's draw what
we were doing earlier Michelle what we
were doing earlier she likes to be
spanked he likes it you like it then Jim
Jim Jim Jim
backflip weight you're much better you
know flippantly let the water coach be
in charge of backflips
Kelly Ellie's not just a baby swim coach
he's actually a diving instructor for
Utah University and quite intense I
think right now as far as Jackson goes
I'm probably more ugly intense the
intenders hair in tourism this is not to
mention anyone she's like a coach from
North Korea
that's good I've got that's a hot blood
to me I'm Stern I'm strict and you're
gonna do it I do it I sidekick the more
gentle approach I'm more of the gradual
learning are we son don't eat that
and I'm more than just do it don't eat
that jumping into it okay we are all set
ready to rock and roll
we're gonna go on a tiny tiny tiny road
trip and you know what Ellie what we've
got some great water to drink and not a
dr. pepper you know what I I have been I
took a sip of the root beer that was in
the fridge yesterday and I automatic I
not want to drink a lot of pot but I was
like where's the water I was so thirsty
and of course pops not what you should
drink but I've been loving this I've
been drinking water so much more since
I've been putting strawberries in it
mm-hmm I haven't had pop and since my
birthday and I already feel a big
difference I really do and I'm so happy
that I'm making small changes in my life
to make myself feel better now Jackson
if you stop crying that's a small change
you can make in your life that will make
you new you're my son you decide on how
you handle your situation happiness is a
choice Jackson and it's up to you to
choose you can cry if you want only on
your birthday but I would suggest you
stop crying now yes good boy
see it's all it all it takes a little
bit of motivation and he stops crying I
think we all can learn a little
something I think that you look very
attractive today Wow like I like your
hair I think you look good and you look
very good today well no well thank you
my my confidence level just Ben mmm-hmm
hey guys how's it going I'm sure that
I'm all the way up here thanks hon
you're welcome Ellie you know what I
realized it's May first
do you know what that means no more
birthday men our birthday celebration
month is finally over I have to say
though it was probably one of the best
birthday months I've ever had of these
27 that I've had this was one of my
favorites it was two and we split the
first like week and a half almost two
weeks at your parents capably that was
this month
that was pretty this month we were
washing it feels like a long time ago
but it wasn't it's great it was that
last month
there's last month May Day it's May
first um but I had a really great month
with you thank you so much for doing all
the fun things with me know I had a good
birthday my favorites a good month but
May will be good and now it's the
countdown until we hold Calvin back to
reality oh there goes gravity oh she's
so mad at me hope she's not bled of
about the Deep Ellum I really really do
boy that's just become a part of you huh
hasn't it Cody you can't go anywhere
without that four-wheeler it's a good
thing you've got that big old truck to
carry it in oh you read that engine come
on dad four-wheeler as like that bad
news I'm worthless stuff in my backing
so Joel went and bought the whole whole
thing that's awesome all right Cody all
right Cody gonna go Jackson in the
basket
Martis safest I jam in here there's no
seat belts and that's okay hold on tight
son if you can do a backflip in the pool
you can sit in that basket hold on tight
okay go can you go
Jackson that's all I wanted to do oh
don't go Olivia okay
now let's go forward okay can you go
forward go fast no go medium Carla just
here let him do it
okay Jackson you ready
kay c√≥digo are you wanna go medium can
they see me rollin me roll in the hay
did
are you gonna make grandma put it in
your mouth yep hmm
thank you he's got a strong grip he
knows anyone tell you grandma grandma's
arm wrestler
I know poem pulling grandma's arm is
tough you need a drink now is that what
you needed
yeah what a good dad joel is Cody wanted
to bring his formula up so he could show
grandpa so grandpa and Cody are gonna go
for a ride how cute is that
we have Jackson go change um if you can
hold them
it's okay
alright guys keep it under 50 will ya
you want me to follow you or do you want
to follow me you all follow me okay can
you keep up oh he's revenant
huh gotee just beat him off the line go
to just beat him off the line he wants
to go so much right on him
Paxson a nice and good night to the
doggies it's funny some kids don't like
dogs and some do Boston's a little
nervous but Jackson totally is all for
it it really is funny like what kids are
afraid of the woman yeah families are
accustomed to when they're not it's true
it's so true
yogi Jackson is like come on Betsy
he's like no no low key this is look
Boston wait oh this is a good putt and
this is Wally ducky
say good night to in skrt skrt skrt skrt
skrt skrt love down in the tub Oh Ellie
that song you sing is so silly and so
funny oh my goodness too many kids in
the tub I just I don't remember the call
too many bums in the tub not my
ancestral I just washed it behind I'm
sure wasn't mine there's two kids in the
done well guys that's the vlog for today
I hope you had a wonderful time be sure
to give the thumbs up and I hope you
guys stay is clean and fresh as Jack's a
little bum right now tomorrow is gonna
be a very special day so stay tuned for
the next Ehlinger we'll see you guys
later bye bum bum bum
member
