Jarrid don't be mad don't be mad I did
something without you what it can't turn
it on though
good morning guys holy cow oh hey bud
how's it going hi hey good morning guys
we had such an enjoyable evening last
night it was so much fun to meet a bunch
of new people that we haven't met and
talked about the positive impact people
can have in social media if you are
looking closely you'll see my eyes are
very very red and it's no it's not
because I've been crying it's because we
got home super late it was in Provo Utah
and that's about two and a half hours
away from where we live and they
finished around 10:00 10:30 last night
we had some dessert and then we drove
all the way home picked up this guy for
ma'am Bonnie Thank You Bonnie again for
watching Jackson and then we went home
and crashed yes we crashed and guess
what that means Jackson Jackson did not
even sleep in at all 7:30 oh okay so I
slept until 7:30 which is normal right
but actually I didn't sleep but I had a
dentist appointment this morning and I
get really annoyed when people text it's
not okay to text before 9:00 a.m. that's
like the golden rule right anyway the
dentist office set a text at 7:00 as a
reminder but they were very good today I
loved the dentist on how are your teeth
so they're great good um but I woke up
and I was so mad cuz it woke me up and
then remember that Charlie oh my gosh
yeah again and I was like Ellie woke up
screaming and she's like slab he's like
yeah well I guess I started rubbing it
as soon as I could so unbearable but
it's mother good morning went to the
dentist I'm right in comments back and
one of the comments says from Madison it
says you probably won't read this but I
love you guys so much and I wrote her
back and I said thanks for commenting
and Jared and I tried really hard to
write back to the comments there are
some days where we can't but for the
most part we try at least some of the
comments but we definitely read the
comments and so often times I see
like I love you guys so much or like you
guys write a really inspirational post
and you say but you probably want to see
this we do we do read them and we do see
them so we appreciate you leaving the
comments you know if we can't write back
to everyone we really appreciate it
look at him go Jackson hey Jackson did
you know that you're a walking fool did
you know that you did I'm so proud of
you you're walking so great so Ellie let
me get this straight you went to the
dentist this morning is that correct I
did now I have to go to the dentist
yes you you missed your perfect teeth
with no cavities ever
yeah I don't have to go to the dentist I
have no cavities I don't have to go you
know I always had cavities here I move
huh I had I had a few but but I probably
had a worse experience at the dentist so
I'm probably at work ago I never extra
teeth the lady today talked about my
crowding at the bottom okay you're just
done her teeth are just so popular you
just attracted the crowd yeah Jared's at
the dentist and Jackson is asleep so
what's a girl to do ah run the Apple
watch comes what jerks probably beg why
don't you wait for me but I'm thinking
why didn't you wait for me when healers
game I don't know actually open it
hmm I think I can open it I don't know
what I'm gonna do with it when I get it
because I'm gonna need Jarrod's help but
I'm done
don'tdon't don'tdon't on Tonto doesn't
that look amazing
uh it's so cute oh how fun is that
well the only thing I can do is sit and
look at it because jerez gonna have to
help me get it all together
oh good G oxen sleep you're so cute
ah Jared Jared don't be mad don't be mad
I did something without you what it
can't turn it on though you can at least
open the box so I I know that I should
have waited but I wasn't about to wait
this looks because you didn't wait for
me well oh that's how you turn it no I
think it's this huh I was just like I'm
not touching it I'm just gonna put it on
I'm not gonna touch it looks so good
yeah I'm excited
look how cute little the band is - I
think we got the little band or the one
that comes with I think we need to
tighten it up on yeah well not is that
one that is that the smallest band that
it comes with huh others think so
I good a nice row I like it we'll get it
all set up what what are you sitting
down yeah are your socks on because
they're about to be knocked off you have
a cavity I have one cavity Jared
I have a cavity that's okay it's fine
that's the first cavity he has had an
dang near six years of being met and
married you've never had a cavity with
me we too much candy because it's not
eating candy I think I got a nose mark
on the camera lens huh
so jared is just helping me get the
watch set up but the first app that is
going on this watch which I made Jared
see if it even can be an app on the
Apple watch
oh yeah that's what my first app is
gonna be where's Jared located Oh
yes that can be yet but the first app
that I'm going to put on is a
breastfeeding app because when I was
breastfeeding Jackson I always had to
make sure I have my phone I had to you
know do that but it will be kind of nice
I feel like it'll be fun
in my head I'm picturing like bringing
the baby home having the baby in like
because I'm always I don't always have
my phone with me especially with Jackson
a lot of times I'll just put it up like
throughout the day I'll put them on top
of the piano and I'll be with Jackson
but it'll be kind of nice to like be
able to feed the baby and to always have
that breastfeeding app right here so I
can click it I can click what side the
baby ate how long click it or ticket
baby ticket I don't know I excited it's
that's the first app that's going on
here is the breastfeeding app and I
actually just signed up for
breastfeeding lessons ooh class at the
hospital yeah I need to know how to
breastfeed yes you need to use those oh
my parents watch I think what I want -
don't go do is do you see that up there
do you see that little guy hey how are
you yeah oh wow I want to go I want to
go get some stuff to put on that and
heat up to a really great temperature
and then wait for this is the best part
this is what I want to do I want to put
some of this stuff on it I want to put
some of this stuff on it I want to put
some of this stuff on it mmm
a little tired he's like hey I just got
up for my nap are you dragging me in
town okay boys you're gonna go swimmin
we're gonna go swimmin in the pool where
there's water Jared Jared is going to do
Jackson's last swimming lessons and we
are on our way so let's go see Jackson
swim let's go flat seven lessons cute
boys
Oh
Oh
you
Oh
Oh
seven here every sweat lesson we it's so
hard because Jackson I go in the room
and it's like I kind of struggling
because we're both wet getting dressed
the last lesson very lasses oh there's a
family ones and it's nice and big the
last time yeah I'm a dad you know crazy
I do have to say as we end today thank
you guys for making our day so great
every day that we have is great because
of you guys so thank you guys so much we
hope you enjoy the vlog we hope you
enjoyed Jackson swimming yeah thanks for
watching guys have a wonderful day like
the video be sure to give it a thumbs up
and if you super liked it
congratulations guys we'll see you
tomorrow bye
