Jackson or you just chillaxing yeah you
tired yeah you're ready for your first
nap I think I think Jackson's gonna have
bodies for his first nap Jared and I are
just getting ready Jared let me see you
Hey I'm sucking in my shirt taken in
shirt Jared's getting dressed
what there's nothing better than a fresh
haircut
how does it look it is a little crazy
voluminous I like it looks good it's
just it's really I feel good when I have
a good haircut so thank you for giving
me a haircut you're welcome
we're gonna be spending the day at my
alma mater Brigham Young University
we're going to BYU for pretty much the
entire day today
we're starting off the day great -
Jackson is already taking his first nap
at Aunt Bonnie's I've got for our road
trip a drink for Jer to drink for me in
Vince I'm not sure how much better this
is then dr. pepper I know there's some
sugars in it but it's gotta be better
than the caffeinated carbon oh yeah I
think it's okay to drink that so yes
that is what we're doing we're driving
we're making a road trip today yes a few
hours hours we're going to Provo Utah we
have it sounds weird but we have
meetings that were going to in Utah
that's why we're all dressed up we've
got a fancy dinner tonight
oh we were invited to for the dinner we
were invited to a influencer meeting so
it's like a people it's a meeting about
being positive on social media and I
thought that was really fun that we were
invited to that yeah I think it's really
cool it's Jared's mom's birthday so
really give her a call and say happy
birthday I just shoved a doughnut my
mouth too
Jared you Sarge happy birthday mom
happy birthday mom there's my salon I
call it mine because it will always
forever be my salon it's just fun
because we have this is this is our our
hometown it feels like yeah it's like
good we spent two years here and Ellie
walk to that salon almost every single
day in the winter dead of winter I wha
you were pregnant
it's just it brings back so many great
memories and it's just like I even feel
like I have a relationship with the
girls in there you know walked in and
hug I almost didn't have time I was like
I don't think we have time and germs
like we're gonna stop we're going in I
was like okay just cuz I'm so like time
stretch I'm so glad we did we went and
saw all my friends and it was seriously
so fun to hug everyone and everyone was
so cute to us so definitely would love
to go back and work in there I was like
I'm like new so and this is so bad but
now there's a question do you miss the
people or do you miss the work and both
for sure like I miss coloring someone's
hair and this cutting and this washing
their hair I miss talking to him but I
mean being home is I mean Jackson's all
of my life so I it's fun I miss it
though I would say with my old job I
would say 15% the work 85% the people
yeah yeah yeah we talked about Jared's
work too and like his bosses and
everything like that so kind of fun
yeah I'm relaying one stuff that we had
to make on our trip to down memory lane
was to Ruby's house ruby is Ellie's
sister which you already know right and
we were just talking about like it just
feels good here this is a place like
very homey
you know like it's I don't know what it
is but driving down the road you're just
like it feels good well we left in the
dead of you know start a winter now I
know
but we're here having lunch and Ruby
made us this delicious roast beef
sandwich and I cannot wait to take some
of that rizal no you're just gonna
cookies and watermelon for lunch is that
what you're gonna do there you are in
all your glory J dogs
little-known fact actually it's very
widely known J dogs used to be right in
that Shack over there until they moved
into this place right here and a lot
bigger place we're gonna go buy some
special sauce which is the best sauce
you could ever put on a hot dog we can
use it with our new grill but I think
it's really cool this guy he he worked
in this little shack for a few years he
was studying going to school for
business and one of the requirements I
think was to open up your own businesses
oh yeah so he was in the business
program and they had to start their own
business and so he's like well I've got
this special sauce that you know I put
on meats and stuff so I'm gonna sell hot
dogs and he made that Shack and he did
so well that he ended up quitting school
yeah now has a few of these and they are
like hotspots here in this town it is
the best hot dog I have ever had so if
you ever have a chance to come to Utah
go to J dogs he will not be disappointed
Jade I'm sorry no that's right
look at this saucy goodness oh my
goodness
to your mom and say happy birthday
because when they come we're gonna give
him one yeah we got we got two of them
one for us and then one for my parents
to take home with them oh my goodness
it's it's been such a long time since
I've had a J dog that I cannot wait to
grill some hot dogs and use this because
I really tried to explain how good it is
but you just have to taste it because it
is that good holy Hannah Mont freaking
town what the hell okay I just think
it's cool cuz it's like what would you
do if you weren't afraid like this guy
just opened up this little theme for
school and it actually turned out to be
a successful business we just talked to
them and they have like four other
stores that litter in the making and I'm
just like oh my gosh good for him I told
them you have to come to our
neighborhood we will keep you a business
I personally will keep you a bit well
guys I just can't believe it Jared and I
have been talking all day that there are
only five weeks left we are officially
on baby countdown onehand I am 35 weeks
today hi baby Calvin 35 feet look at
your little belly button yeah my belly
button is totally like popped out but I
just can't believe it 35 weeks five
weeks left it's those weeks fly by -
it's really settling in now that we're
gonna have a baby soon like holy crap
we're having a baby soon I think in the
next week we are gonna go and get a car
seat and get some things situated at
home for the baby to arrive but oh this
is this company fast it's coming so fast
we've had a lot go on in nine months
it's really hot a lot of changes I feel
really blessed that you know that was
scary at the beginning and I really
thought that the doctor was like serious
like I asked him we had a big scary yeah
and I just I'm really grateful I'm very
grateful five weeks and I'm gonna have a
little baby boy I can't wait to meet
Elvis you we are but I'm gonna have to
deliver him I guess that's you hold my
hand I will Bonnie just texted me and
said Jackson had a full bowl of mac and
cheese for lunch and going on a two-hour
of 15 minute nap
well it's 5 o'clock and he's still
asleep good boy oh yeah that never
happens at our house like Bonnie what
are you doing what kind of magic special
sauce are you putting in that mag and
cheese well you know what Jackson
doesn't eat noodles he won't eat noodles
I think the only really noodles that he
eats was when we were at Bryan and
Missy's he he tried a panini noodle
penne a noodle I don't know um but he
doesn't like spaghetti and I've tried
mac and cheese before cuz I be in there
for lunch and I'm like you're gonna eat
it and he won't eat it
so Bonnie good job thumbs up to you
pawning thumbs up to you hey so this is
what we're doing now we're going we're
going on to BYU campus this is my alma
mater this is my turf this is my school
that I went to that I went to for six
well four years you know cuz I went on
my mission and everything but I'm
excited because there's so many
different changes there and it'll be fun
to go you know what I'm excited to do
what I'm go to my old job and see if
anyone's still working there yes it's
not gonna be that's Jared's favorite
thing we'll go there Shh
we're not supposed to film here but this
is a library you see that desk oh you
had to be quiet it's so bright but look
how open it is yeah that's right Jerry
used to work I used to be a security
guard yeah me I was a security guard
what you're gonna do tough old Jared
Hanna's pepper spray and here's gonna
spray you if you bought your job and
kubaton yeah don't bring her Jamba Juice
in here I've got a kupatana pepper spray
pepper spray yes this is true this is
where Jared went to school this is where
we had our many many years of feels like
a home weird hours of work and fun times
lots of hamburgers I used to work until
like 2:00 or 3:00 in the morning on like
finals week and stuff yeah you did a lot
of work I remember I work a 36-hour
shift one sit straight and I remember
coming at like midnight like I would get
off work I would go home and rest and
then I'd come like midnight with a
little Caesars Pizza
and we'd have pizza I love that but yes
we were here it was kind of fun to go
look to see where Jared used to work at
but this is called the this is the
Wilkinson building right here but up at
the very top there's a place called the
sky room and that's where we're gonna
have dinner it's kind of like a really
nice place but there's a bookstore over
there and they always have fun treats
and fun stuff to look at you know Owen
bugs which is like so but we're gonna go
and I think it's always fun to go
through like little toys toys toy shops
and chain stores yeah yeah boots that go
in here oh how beautiful it looks when
we walks in like looking at the pretty
girls you enters through an elevator I
kind of legit that is crazy and you walk
in there's like this beautiful glass
thing and we just got nametags and it
says what is your passion and Jared's is
family it's yours and I did my passion
working with my husband oh that's sweet
yeah yeah and I'm pretty awesome so it's
fun to work with me right
it's gorgeous look how beautiful it's
amazing I'm excited this will be great
war dress
do you hear that yeah I love my wife I
love music I love my job I love my son I
love my future son I love my husband I
love my son I love my siblings I love
the son I've relationships I love
learning
the first submission of the gathering
was really fun they had everyone go
around the table you have 30 seconds to
say the things that you blog and that
was actually really fun I was like
sweating like crazy but I'm pretty sure
I can say we probably made enough but
everyone else was like 20 seconds I know
you have a long time but they have
dinner now so we're gonna get some
delicious
that's great I can't think of a better
way to end the night a wonderful dinner
than going to Denny's as you can see a
but second dinner you guys didn't know
about second dinner
we're here with April and Davey and
we're actually meeting up with jarv
there he is oh geez we're gonna have
some sweet desserts here to top off the
night put a cherry on top of it we're
just ending the night with our friends
say good night April Davey jarv Jared
good night we just had a look yummy
dessert no we are going to go ahead and
end the vlog I think it was really fun
tonight to be at a dinner and to
surround ourselves with people that
one's positivity yeah it's it's really
cool to have these events where you just
you feel so much better going out
Charmy something ovation alone you
ruined everything
you you feel so much better going out
than when you came in and that's what I
really liked it I wrote something down
during the dinner and it was for like my
personal home take but Jared often says
what would you do if you're not afraid
and after tonight I am saying and why am
I still doing this I think it is
important for me to go home and keep
focused on why we are still doing this
even though we did it to not be afraid
to that makes sense sure yeah
yeah so anyway I'm going home with a new
outlook on continuing to stay positive
so we're gonna go ahead and end the vlog
you guys watching tomorrow I can't wait
to put my baby
