I'm washing my face for the morning and
I hear all my shoes fall down and what
is going on this kid you're smart he's
like I want to get in there I take it
all mom shoes down and I'm crawling in
all by himself that is new crap are we
gonna make you know what Calvin can
actually just sit there if we put a nice
little mattress and there I think that'd
be nice this is actually big enough that
we totally could put a little bassinet
you are a smart one
huh you are look how big you are your
toddler holy cow look how big you are
ticka ticka ticka ticka smarty pants
so I'm in the bedroom responding to
comments and Jared's in his office
responding to comments and we just
realized we just responded to like
probably all of the same comments we've
just responded to on two different
occasions
so there's probably begin for you and
I've been sitting here respond to
comments I'm like it's sometimes really
hard to do daily videos because it's our
daily life I chew gum on a regular basis
and I specifically stopped chewing gum
when we did daily videos because one
time it was really bad it was annoying
for me to watch it was annoying for you
guys to watch and I was like I guess I
will not chew gum ever and I don't
because we do the daily videos and then
yesterday at first some reason I thought
oh gum kind of would be nice and guess
what I chewed it and it was on the video
because we do daily videos and it's
annoying everybody so I'm sorry but I
specifically stopped chewing gum because
of this and I will continue to not chew
gum so I will just do mints
sorry I annoyed a lot of you hi handsome
look at you you're so handsome do you
know that
hi dad say hi or just eat that
just eat it look at us we're sporting
Ellie and Jared today aren't we didn't
even plan that and I got ready first I
was already like seven this morning yes
you learn work in the late morning you
gonna come with us you know what I think
I will if you can wait five minutes I'll
go with you
catcher so I can wrap this thing up wrap
this thing up what you want to do when
they come for you
I gotta wrap this up I gotta wrap this
up I got a work on this project till
it's all wrapped up you know what to do
you know what to do I can't wrap guys
I'm sorry you want to know do you want
to see a better dance move yeah me that
watch it okay up a bit
he's dancing he's swaying a little bit
that's a good job buddy did you like
that we should get the giraffe ss your
love I think we'll save that for a
little bit later yeah
Jackson loves music and it's so apparent
because every time some sort of music
starts playing he starts dancing yeah
don't yeah there is however one song
that he does not like and we're about to
show him but I don't know how I'll know
for sure he's thinking about it
I think he knows what it does drop me
too oh that's so funny oh wait he's
thinking about he's like what Noel oh
he's growing up it's so funny because
Jackson would freak out every time we
would play that he's doing much better
yeah he's still kind of hesitant look
he's kind of like circling around it
yeah yeah buddy
so mom is at the makeup shop exchanging
or getting something I don't know I
wasn't really paying attention just
kidding I pay attention all the time of
what my wife says and Jackson and I are
just down the road looking at very
important things much more important
things or whatever Ellie's doing we're
at Sports Authority just kind of looking
around see what we can find appeal some
time what do you think about that bud
all right Jackson get him get him punch
punch punch punch get him yeah yeah
forget him
punch punch yeah good job
Jackson there's a little-known fact did
you know that they actually replicated
the body of this guy after me so you see
that six-pack that was mine one day
don't believe everything on the Internet
there she is the most beautiful woman in
the entire world and she's my wife hi we
got bored so we came out to find you did
you see anything fun in there ah oh yeah
there's tons of fun stuff but I like I
like that story that's fun yeah there's
AI that's one of my favorite things to
do is go camping stores oh yeah
sports stores camping stores it's just
got a fun to go window shopping you know
and just think about things in the
future
yeah like camping stores do you get what
you need um yep I return my stuff I
think um ice cream cones are fun guys
cream cones are very fun should we go
get some of the war blue mint Aggie
whatever whatever ice cream I would not
yes I would yes yes and yes and yes hmm
hmm enjoying some ice cream oh that's a
mirror this is a trick an optical
illusion that days do you like the ice
cream Oh YUM that's so good you know
what this Aggie blue mint ice cream is
really really good like it gives the
creamery from BYU a run for their money
for sure Oh totally good Don Jerry hi
we're in college there was a good yummy
ice cream place literally we could walk
there like Gordon we didn't go very much
not as often as we should you know what
we did instead we went to sub-zero yeah
yeah and that's what that's what Logan
needs to get a sub-zero
yeah you know we have 100 everything
Ellie and I would have kept that place
in business know everything that comes
in all that kind of cool closes
everything I mean unless it's like good
it closes oh really there's only one way
to get ready for swimming lessons and
I'm in about to show you the best way to
get ready for swimming lessons are you
ready Ellie here it is oh no you don't
oh no you don't I hate being tickled
like that you know wait wait you know
what he really what he really likes what
he laughs at you but doesn't like me
kissing his mouth he was laughing
earlier when I was doing it can anyone
do the chewy stuff I just like that
there you go that one doesn't even
qualify but I don't even know my casa
I hate fines you can do really low hey
hey let's go to swim oh there's way too
many pills here and not enough kids on
them
you
my back in the water he forgave me quick
though oh yeah and in in the future he's
going to love it and wish he did him
more I know that was really kind of
funny I didn't even need to do that okay
you cutie patootie I think it's time to
put you to bed perfect time because the
the battery is flashing oh hey guys
thanks for watching
wait we real quick before we end let's
just walk over here that's my walk with
me
and just look how cute that guy I love
looking at pramana because he just lets
up key with a little bump sticking out
you do you're so cute okay that's all I
wanted to show you
thanks for watching guys oh look at our
matching t-shirts you wish I cannot
accomplish Ellie and Jared but we're
gonna go ahead and say goodbye
tomorrow's a crazy busy day Jack seems
to be without phone all day so it'll be
fun
yep go and be together and work and what
else we're going to throw all our gum
away in the house I guess really sorry
about that you make mistakes I guess
it's okay I chew an on regular basis
it's hard to it's okay I'm still gonna
kiss you thanks for watching guys have a
wonderful day we'll see you tomorrow bye
bye
member
do you do you what okay I think we're
done
should we get out hey how long have you
been by did you hear my song yeah what
were you doing let me demonstrate
it's time to wash your hair and put on
clean underwear so you can go to bed and
rest early hellooo
