well look at this it's only 8 a.m. and I
am all ready for the day
I told Jared that right when I wake up
I'm gonna hurry and get ready that way I
can do a video for my channel and then I
will let you work the rest of the day
thank you or at least in tells me have
to go see Cody Jackson and I have been
having some father-son bonding time huh
we had some breakfast together yeah
we're watching chez Tarzan every time Y
Z comes on he goes talking oh is that
why I could hear I was upstairs filming
and I could hear em you saying is on a
dog yeah he everytime he sees the dog
it's like donkey donkey well I think
that means we should get him a dog well
we to me we have talked about this way
too many times when we get a house we'll
get a dog I think we should go look at a
specific house today or tomorrow - I
know today this morning I'm Joel sent
jeredy a house and I was like that's
beautiful actually and it's it's not
like outrageously expensive no it's in
our price range for when we are gonna
buy a house it's just we're not gonna
buy it right now I think here in the
year where we'll be looking or maybe
here in in what like seven months or so
we'll probably looking at songs like
that we want to make sure we have a
really good day Jackson okay
you know where it might go get ready and
get some work done red white yeah you
can make some money so we can pay the
bill so we can keep the electricity on
the thing it happens so that we can get
a black lab that's what we want you got
to get our internet running still - you
know there's so many things that we have
to have to do and then you know we have
to make money to do these things to do
those things that have the electricity
while Jackson's upstairs napping jeered
as over there working and I was like I
am gonna paint my toenails
I told Jared the other day I was like
I'm not doing I'm gonna go and get a
pedicure and then I thought no I'm just
gonna general just gonna join myself I
think here I'm like four or five days
I'm gonna go and get the figure because
I did such a bad job my tummy was in the
way so much but I just fainted my toes
and I painted my fingernails and they're
like aw like I'm already banging them up
and I'm just like good grief I just I'm
a hot mess I can't paint my fingernails
and toenails I just wish I didn't even
jokes now they're all wet and I have to
sit and wait for him to dry and I'm
probably gonna scuff em up in a minute
anyway do you see this wrist yes it's
naked right now but shortly I won't be
naked you can cover yourself save
yourself the embarrassment it's here in
a little bit I'm gonna be talking just
like this is that weird hello can you
hear me baby up Scottie something
something something something something
dark sorry the video on YouTube is now
live for your viewing pleasure yes that
is right amazing baby stunts can be seen
on youtube.com slash Ellie and Jared yes
that's so true in fact you probably
already have seen it chances are that's
a fact Jackson what are you doing but
whoa hey but I am at my battle station I
am waiting I have the window open so I
can see anybody who walks by
specifically a man from UPS or something
oh yes that's why I'm working down here
today is that's such a bad thing
oh I just burped is that such a bad
thing Jackson is that a bad thing are
you munching on those cucumbers have you
been loving those cucumbers yeah
how many have you had like 10 10
cucumbers getting lunch ready I'm doing
new and this is good price time for us
but it looked good fish sticks
ooh noodles and my noodles and fish do
not like fish sticks but like noodles
and then like fillets a fish a bullet of
fish do you guys like Phil it's a fish
good good
you crazy pregnant lady with your crazy
pregnant craving - you are you blowing
cuz it's hot blow ya ha I'm teaching
it's hot we blow yep yeah it's so hot we
don't go over there draw another
cucumber you say please yeah yeah you
did good job good job but you're growing
at my little son you're huge GPS truck
is here yes intruder on the shirt um
okay come with me
oh you're going the wrong way he's
clearly walking the wrong direction he
went to the other side of the street
what's wrong with you UPS man don't you
know it's Cody's birthday could take him
another hour though to get here if we're
going back and forth Towson no it won't
take him that long it'll take him like
two minutes Kay Cody I promise only a
couple more minutes and then we're gonna
come give you your present I promise
it's worth the way it's just gonna walk
out the door look we gotta go oh I'll
ask if we can be in done like fifteen
okay thanks Oh oh my gosh jared is so
excited
you are a lifesaver if you want of
course I want to and I just melted yeah
we gained a watch daddy got its lunch
this is gonna be the fastest unbox are
you serious yeah don't you want to take
your time and like film it you're gonna
film it right now okay mm-hmm okay cute
Jackson is watching you Jackson you're
gonna be doing a Sunday too
you're almost like get up there it's
heavy huh
it's hairy I hold it yeah yeah hey Apple
watch embossing I'm excited and I'm glad
that Jared got it you you wanted
something this is fun for you yes just
pure fun I love it feel that what's your
finger Caleb Wow you ready for this yes
do you see me and the Alpha watching oh
oh oh it's even in like a another cool
box it's kind of crazy packaging like
why is that so heavy why does that need
to be so much ready
look at it would you just look at it
there's the Apple watch it feels really
cool can I tell you a secret
yeah when you ran outside uh-huh since
my Apple watch didn't come my Apple
watch officially sucks and jarred Apple
watch is awesome I hate my Apple watch
right outside I was like oh the ones
that he made and I ran and I grabbed it
and I hurried and strapped it on so I
officially don't like my Apple watch it
doesn't work I can't send you my heart
beating no yeah anyway hey Jackson's
gonna watch this in like what ten years
and be like that's what you were excited
about now like our wrists automatically
have watches cool please turn it on
you've waited all day and now we have to
let go so now you can't really play with
it I'll have you drive is that bad no no
it's just like five minutes okay okay
let's go tyronn Cody Cody it's your
birthday do you know what that means
better on birthday spanking XS are you
you're four okay yeah how do you three
four I've hit too many people already
Paul snapchat for Barney that's when
it's your birthday right that's just I
don't know that is a good question that
isn't funny
yeah I was so cute he was so excited to
tell you how a birthday buddy happy
birthday
hey we got Kody his present so he's
opening his love birthday present up sit
down buy something I hope that you love
it with everything listen just wants the
thing is status this is gonna be this is
gonna be his favorite lesson
I know it do you know what that is yeah
marshmallow gun are you kidding whoa
by segata cake yes okay so I heard that
if you let the marshmallow sit out and
dry out they feel better good idea
but I think that don't work we'll do
that that's a good idea
good job yeah thank oh now look you
gotta be a real big boy here and you
gotta just go oh wait Rachel Rachel
Rachel can I do it do you do one at a
time er can you put a bunch in there
have no idea he's so excited good job
Jackson is chasing Cody look at that
that is so awesome
go get him Jax go get him hey Jackson's
been eyeing this ever since Cody got it
so maybe maybe I'll get the the
handlebars okay and you get the just
hold around there let me hold you got
hold him on there not even doing
anything
thanks laughing he likes it Jackson
Jackson
he likes it
whoo ha my hasn't workout going he liked
it Oh boom thanks Cody for sharing he's
been eyeing that he's like I want more
he wants to get back on you're just not
quite old enough to hold on Priss
Furillo is the only other person that I
know personally that has an Apple watch
so what I'm going to do is I'm going to
test it out real quick now that I have a
chance and I'm going to send him a
message and see what we can come up with
here mm-hmm
hi
no no wow is what he says oops
so far the Apple watch has been really
cool there are definitely some things I
need to do before I really really get it
take advantage of it like all the
notifications that I get on my phone
show up on my wrist and I don't need
that so I get a change a bunch of the
notifications
oh he's sending me his heartbeat Chris
Parrillo is just sending me as harpy
there is guys isn't that special that's
special that's very special right there
hahaha it's fun and I think it'll be
really cool when Ellie gets hers and I
feel bad that she doesn't have hers
right now hi it comes yeah but now that
I'll have a chance to take a look at it
tonight I think I'll definitely see how
much I actually like it it'll be really
cool because I already like it already a
lot better than it fits a lot better
than the pebbles so anyway only time
will tell
jared is going to go learn some more
stuff about his watch I'm going to eat
some ice cream I have my makeup goodies
here and I'm going to edit my makeup
video for today a little review so
you're my favorite I don't see it
oh sorry ah oh that's so fun there you
are you're my favorite cousin my
favorite sauce jelly wish my repair
yours hasn't even yet like what's
the dealio yo I don't know my wife needs
our Apple watch Kyle thanks for watching
the vlog today guys I hope you liked it
make sure to give it a thumbs up for
Apple watch and no doing for Cody's
birthday do for guys birthday and if you
really really liked it congratulations
okay we'll see you tomorrow bye
