well that was awesome
that was amazing I really really enjoyed
that hey Jackson I'm gonna set you down
yes Ellie Ellie and I sometimes like to
binge watch our television shows on the
weekends cuz we don't find shelves
hardly ever that we watch yeah and we
just discovered of dardo daredevil like
two days ago it was more than two days
I'm like two or three days it's it
hasn't been that long it's been less
than a week but we watched all 13
episodes after we had edited the vlog
put Jackson to bed and today I've got a
face palming at this but we finished two
and a half episodes while Jackson was
napping he took the best nap ever and
let us finish two and a half episodes
and he's a little sad cuz he's hungry
he's hungry oh can we demonstrate what
he did just not five minutes ago he's
you're fat
yes here hold the camera and I'll show
you I was picking him up let's have dad
show us what you just did I helped him
in my arms and then I was setting him
down because there was like one minute
and I've never seen him do this before
but I sat him down like you guys feels
like this and he goes he's a good he's a
good good you just were so hungry you
took my man just woke up guy here you
got me it was so cute we're just a cute
little guy huh
welcome to one take Sunday guys where
you get all of the takes in just one
little quick setting and we try and
figure out things that we can talk about
so I put the camera at you and I run out
of my thoughts yes we should we should
not do one too
you are feeding Jackson that is not fun
we I just gave him a bite of this and he
fished out the avocado we haven't caught
that so you have avocado and cottage
cheese mixed well yeah and he's eating
it before he he'll eat that but when he
gets to yeah when he gets the avocado
he'll also spit it out
that's funny how he can do that he'll do
that with some like meats and everything
if what's what's a good example we
chicken if we mix something with chicken
or put chicken inside of something he'll
eat everything and then spit out the
cheese it's amazing how he does that I
don't know it's it's crazy but kids go
through a stage where they find that
they like one thing or they're just
really picky but I'm sure we'll talk
about that later in the future coming up
for my channel about that but I think I
like I'd like to use the word picky yeah
cuz it's eat Atlanta I think I choose
the word they're discovering still right
because sometimes they'll eat like today
he ate chicken and was fine then some
days he doesn't want it and so I think
he's just still like discovering foods
yeah i 100% agree with that because I am
picky yeah I would call myself picky you
know and it's funny cuz it's like some
it's hard for me is a parent sometimes I
have to remember that like he is his own
person and it's like there are some days
where I don't have an appetite there are
some days where I don't feel like eating
gross beef for dinner like you like just
give me some like strawberries and
yogurt you know something more light and
it's like that's how he feels sometimes
you know yeah I'm sorry
woo that's another sneeze we got on
camera remember the snapchat from
yesterday reject this need to see
everything
so yes like I said today is Sunday which
means tomorrow is Monday and Monday is
actually Kody our little nephews
birthday and I want to show you guys
real quick what he got him for his
birthday and Jared and I kind of argued
over this well okay so here's the thing
I am a little boy at heart I love
walking down Walmart aisle and seeing
all the cool toys and be like oh I would
have loved that as a kid or when
Jackson's older like I can't wait to go
down this aisle and like be like oh yeah
let's get to nerf guns and have a nerf
gun war how fun would that be with me
and Jackson and the little Calvin here
too
anyway I wanted to get it was expensive
it was a little more expensive yeah I
wanted to get Kody a little nerf bow and
arrow that shoots up to like 150 feet or
something like that
and it was more than we wanted to spend
because we don't always do presents for
nieces and nephews no and when we were
in Spring Valley we got I think it was
one year that we did gifts run here for
the nieces and nephews and so we just
kind of like they don't always do it but
sometimes we do it but we have a small
budget yeah
so for it I wanted to get a bow narrow
Ellie saw something else and I think
it's pretty cool I really really did no
no it's don't be sorry
my theater I shouldn't say we got we I
would say we came to an agreement
because if I didn't I think it would
have gone a different way if I really
really wanted that right if you guys
want to see his reaction we'll make sure
to film it tomorrow yeah we're gonna
film it tomorrow but I want to show you
what we got you shown this yes yes so
the first part is this marshmallows mini
marshmallows I hope they know where
there's a setting s'mores nope nope you
guessed wrong pull it out Ellie a mini
marshmallow blob blaster shoots up to 30
feet can you believe how much fun he's
gonna have with Boston I think it's
gonna be great good eatin ammo look
that's what's gonna happen and what I'm
gonna happen to do is I'm gonna say hey
Cody
go ahead and shoot me
that's what I'm gonna do I can't wait to
see his reaction I can't wait to see his
reaction he's gonna like oh he's gonna
love it
Cody loves anything goes anything that
shoots he loves that's that's the
coolest thing I had a really fun my aunt
gave me a rubberband gun one year for
Christmas
me and my sisters went crazy over it
crazy so focusing yeah I just was
changing the exposure so on our camera
we for those of you guys who don't know
I always have in the description we use
the canon g7x to film with and there's a
little you can probably hear it as I do
it a little click on the lens that lets
you change different things and I have
to check to see if I just know it didn't
change it's set to change the exposure
so I have it set to two clicks higher on
the exposure just so it makes things a
little bit brighter and the exposure was
just a little bit too high so I turned
it down when Ellie is filming anyway
what I was saying was what else what
else happens tomorrow do you know what
happens tomorrow
Oh Diddy tomorrow I think I'm really
crossing my fingers
the Apple watch gets delivered and from
what I hear people have been really
really liking it and I really can't wait
and I really hope yours come soon to
lose my wagers go wait for me now well
should I wash it I won't want to see it
okay okay that's that was another debate
we had as I you know should we open them
together if they come at different times
but I think it would be kind of exciting
to have one open and then another open
hi are you excited yeah yeah yeah it is
gonna be cool
you're having fun and it'll just be like
it'll be even more exciting when you get
yours - thank you so much I just I can't
wait for you to get my message
heartbeats oh I just got your heartbeat
oh let me send you a little emoji I have
my hand on the camera so I can't do it
I'm gonna send you a picture of a flower
hmm we're crazy we are crazy and that's
what makes us so fun right we're fun
guys right please tell us we're fun here
you take the camera I've been vlogging a
lot you you take the camera and I'm
gonna hang out with Jackson
that's his favorite toy sometimes I
don't know why we have actually I've
gone through his toys and I've kind of
cleaned out what he doesn't really use
but he seriously doesn't place those
toys on but she plays with his keys he
loves the keys and he one of his
favorite things to do is set the panic
button on our keys oh I don't know 7:00
or 8:00 in the morning
yeah sure our neighbors love that that's
probably his favorite thing to do yeah
he likes them but well please get down
he said please let's do some are you all
done ready what you and Cody did
yesterday Jackson loves that it's not a
trick it's like the coolest game ever
look it up hold on
yeah I gotta bind you three now when you
go down I'll see his face do you like it
he's Charlie he's like I'm gonna do it
again ready last night it's not funny
that's my boy you know why I can't wait
for him to play with Kelvin on him in
Boston play really well together we went
over today for lunch actually a quick
lunch and Boston tackles Jackson he
loves to tackle like the thing he does
tell him about what they did when he
first woke up well I was mad like
sometimes I wish we have the camera with
us the other day when Jared was shooting
but Jackson went in would Boston first
woke up and Boston jumped out of his
crib like leaving out out of his prints
so he leaped out and then Jax and then
HUD's Jackson and Jackson him fell to
the ground rolls it was laughing I was
like don't worry about the best footage
I know like I said at the beginning of
yesterday I hate wouldn't you miss those
moments but that's just a part of life
you can't have the cameras rolling all
the time that's for more of the Year
2021 we have you know cameras in our
eyeballs and we can record anything and
recall anything that's just a little
future you never know you really never
know what's gonna happen in the future
and that's that's also what makes it so
exciting we've just kind of been
lounging today we went to church and had
a great time at church and then we've
just been lounging watching daredevil
and I've been lounging in my favorite
hoodie of all time that Ellie and Jared
hoodie and it's all its glory
I love the shirts and I love the hoodies
hoodies are my favorite
this is tribe tyler shirt and
told them when we were getting our
shirts I was like I want ours to look
and feel like yours
I like his yeah oh do you guys hear the
car alarm he just did it anyway guys you
can get those hoodies and t-shirts at
teespring dot-com such le injured
there's just a couple days left on this
campaign thanks for watching guys have a
wonderful day
it's Monday and that's okay don't be
Garfield okay Monday is the start of a
brand-new week and you can make it on
thumb motivational Steve says you can
make it awesome motivational Monday
better than Einstein
