when you film yourself every single day
you're bound to run into some issues
some mishaps I'm dedicating this
snapchat story to all of those things
that we occasionally run into the first
step that you do when you daily vlog is
make sure you have a charged battery
Ellie do we have a charged battery yes
charged the next thing you want to make
sure of is you have a good memory card
to store all of that wonderful footage
that you're about to film only do we
have a memory card blogger
fail blogger fail number one yes the
memory card the camera and the battery
are three of the most important things
that you need if you're a daily vlogger
and we only have two of the net pretzel
look so good can you say please yeah
good job probably the most common thing
that we do on the accident is actually
just dropping dropping the camera is
what I meant
there are wrist straps for a reason
where them is your camera there's
probably one thing though that drives me
the most crazy I hate more than anything
missing the moment pulling your camera
out just a second too late and missing
the most important thing in the entire
life I now have the missing piece of the
puzzle two daily vlogs this concludes
our adventure of daily vlogging fails if
you enjoyed it be sure to snap back or
send me a message on Twitter of what you
guys want to see next roll the intro
we're here we're finally back Jared I
both have the pregnancy brain we both
went into the store today and we're like
we went to go film and there was my
memory card so instead we did a fun
little snapchat story so we put that at
the beginning of the vlog and we came
back to grab you guys we could film with
you the rest of the day and then we came
back to grab a few things that we are
selling and we are going to meet up with
some people to sell some of our stuff
that we no longer need so I'm waiting
for Jared to come out the door any
second Jarrod Jarrod Jarrod Jarrod honk
the horn when he comes down that's gonna
scare nuts what I'll do I'll honk the
horn right when he comes out like where
you don't look very happy
I'm not going fast enough for you look
very how I I think we're missing a piece
I have a question do you smell what the
joel is cookin Joe what are you cooking
meatloaf meatloaf look at that loaf of
meat right there that's the best thing
since sliced meat sliced meat loaf yeah
I took that joke from Joel he actually
just said it to me on the phone like 10
minutes ago
hmm you gonna smoke some meat smoke some
meatloaf
how rad Becca doesn't ride him cowboy
come on Jackson keep movin
positive so much satisfaction in that
that is so funny
ha ha ha that was so funny
it was trying to crawl so fast he's like
yeah what No
ah ah laughing uh daddy's on me oh okay
what do you want Xiaomi anyone you're
happy for that is he pretty heavy for it
is actually really late is your you kind
of crying but you're kind of laughing
like I'm crying I don't know if he likes
it do you like it oh come on that's so
much fun
we are you seriously letting us are you
telling us you better go before we
change our mind oh my gosh you guys are
the best okay have fun
Joel the ladies are letting us go
shooting go shoot choose okay fellas all
right guys Joel here gets one Saturday
off in the month just one Saturday off
in the month and today what we're doing
celebrate that Saturday off so we're
here at the shooting range we're gonna
go shooting yes that's right that's what
we do on Joel's day off as we go
shooting now Joel what's your guest for
your first round mm-hmm
I'm gonna get myself an 18 I was gonna
say I'm gonna get I'm gonna go for 18
it's been a while I think that's a fair
number for me I'm gonna try 18 why'd you
say can you hear anything what what I've
got my earplugs in
you guys having fun you guys got your
ear protection I got what you got a
quarter
ie what are you gonna get right Joel
what's the verdict
19 19 6 so 19 yeah so we did bit one
better than what we thought that's nice
man that on this this one the first one
it threw it way out left and I was not
expecting it and I missed it completely
I was hoping I could sit pretty at 20
but I got 19 I did the worst on the
straight on one yeah yeah I missed 2 in
a row on 3 the middle one
yeah she's well
well we just finished with our second
round and I did not do near as well as I
thought so what I did is I use to I did
two eyes open I usually have one eye
closed so I think I can aim better but
supposedly get used to it two eyes open
is the way to do it um but I did sixteen
with two eyes open Joel shoots two eyes
open normally and he got twenty he
killed it with twenty so Joel you're the
champion of the day how does it feel to
be the champion like the first time ever
Jared I think this is the first time
you've ever beat me I think that's the
first time I especially both yeah both
yeah Oh which you know you know I tried
something new so but I'm not going to
use that excuse I think Joel it's
probably just a better shot than I am
and I am happy to tip my crown and give
it to Joel Joel my shootin crown is
yours
okay I'm keeping this oh no no I want to
have back I want the hat back that's my
hat cool trick in hand it's it's a it's
like a symbol you know it's not real
okay guys turn on your smell of vision
oh that smells so good holy cow Joel
let's take a gander Oh a ma'am
I love the redness that you get oh yeah
love it from the smile problem
crank that tempo oh my gosh mmm you
smell it or can you imagine the smell
smell-o-vision oh we gotta invent that
jack seriously just for now there would
be a 24/7 Trager Channel if there are
smellivision oh I would be continuously
streaming smell say goodbye
please say goodbye bye oh you're sad
that he is going am area setting how did
those look how did this fit oh they look
like they fit great you're cruising
you're cruising you're going too fast
how did those how do you know she's
fit hey do they fit good game here you
know on the Sandlot when he gets those
new shoes and he puts them on for like
the very last part of the movie I don't
that's what these shoes are doing to him
right now he's like I can run as fast as
fast as anyone else in the world I'm
going crazy look at me girl look at me
going he's walking really good in those
ones they're really lightweight
oh nice two three huh here take some
look
okay I think we found a really good
walking shoe or a good running shoe good
grief he's all over the place already
you doing good
good job Jax can you put it in here can
you put it in there
Jake tech climbing up those chairs and
onto the table is gonna be so much
easier in those new shoes all better
there you go Topol sneaker Oh Apple
watch update it did not get delivered
today unfortunately it did not get
delivered on to my wrist maybe on Monday
Monday and I am crossing our fingers for
Apple watches crossing our fingers will
see might hasn't been but Jarrod's
was okay we're all ready for Sunday
tomorrow Jackson has a nice little white
shirt Jackson has his bottle or his
Lissa P for tonight because we were
going to put him to bed and the Jared I
have been watching
Marvel's daredevil on Netflix daredevil
and we have treats for us and I started
opening mine already
I'm Gerri Hayes black licorice so this
is his that's mine and you you're going
to bed me wait can you can you put your
head down cuz you're tired and you're
gonna go to sleep and he sees the candy
and he want some candy
hey say I bought some candy so Jackson
do you want here let's get him a tree
before then he's really crying but maybe
a cracker he would like a little wrist
Cromer yeah brother boy
let's give him a little cracker wait
wait wait Jackson can you say please say
please oh yeah oh good job that's a good
cracker we are back we've already had
dinner that's a good little snack before
bed huh okay big what's up sad he was so
sad you see those tears now that you've
got your treat you're gonna go to bed so
we can watch daredevil okay ready 1 2 3
huh ok guys
you so much for watching today we will
see you tomorrow
on Sunday I hope you guys have a good
Sunday we should do a one-take tomorrow
yep we usually do one takes on Sundays
last Sunday we didn't I don't we were
with you wherever that there's something
so interesting I don't know that was a
week ago my mind is bright I can't
remember whatever breakfast this morning
we want you can go back to watch okay
we'll see you guys tomorrow bye bye
by travelpod
