good morning good morning it's a
beautiful day to make some biscuits and
gravy in a day a beautiful day to make
some biscuits and gravy my famous
kissing great biscuits
yeah it's okay it's Friday it's early in
the morning
tgd I freaking F guys it is 8:35 and
Jackson is still good we have been up
since 7:00 o'clock getting ready for
breakfast and he has not made a peep
he is sleeping so well and we are not
going to wake him up we are going to let
him sleep and enjoy it it's the weekend
for him he's got enough socially you
sleep in Sun yeah yeah so today we have
some friends coming over for breakfast
we made Ellie's very special biscuits
and gravy so we're excited to see who
comes
it's beautiful in 1952 I would just say
that's really inspiring you mean I just
gets me we've got the whole crew here
for breakfast what's up everyone
uncle dejan you're just your natural I
don't know why you're not married in
heaven
okay are you guys ready for breakfast
all right we've got some fruit we've got
some eggs we've got biscuits and gravy
and then we've got some bacon
disappear-o bacon right here all right
seriously I think it's been like 15
minutes he's just like yeah I love day
home checks and put your head down can
you put your head down
that's all right first bite what do you
think pretty good oh yeah look that's a
thumbnail what's the verdict what do you
think has the food biscuits and gravy
dude this kid is not he just yeah he's
not leaving you alone you just don't
even notice they you just don't even
know - Zayn seriously
the second time is never never is good
and now presenting the star of the show
day huh Birds taken through a little
candy dish you're getting all the
thoughts or bars out no Jarrod's getting
on the flop surprise outside I could try
a Finnish candy we have more to cover a
game and there's a certain way that you
have seen that you have to suck on it
and let it melt in your mouth not just
chew it play me a love song Logan it
just represents our relationship
sometimes there's some rough rough spots
but as long as we come to a resolution
things sound okay
do you like that Jax look at that was
beautiful
thanks for coming guys we appreciate you
coming into our place and eating eye
food it was really good I got this
module for this breakfast do you guys
want to know a trick on how to get
volume in your hair you go to sleep by
pushing your hair over and what Jackson
oh you don't have much volume on yours
you need a sleep better he just took a
really good nap and so did I obviously I
have been noticing I have been getting a
lot and I don't want to say stronger
because I don't want and you want to go
no you're gonna have a baby I'm getting
Braxton contractions and I've been
getting them a lot lately but I just
noticed I feel like they last a little
bit longer because I'm just so much more
I don't know I don't know I just feel
like they last longer as all and I've
noticed too with this pregnancy just
like the last week is that if I do one
thing it kind of wipes me out why are
you smiling
I I just realized something but it's
totally different from all you're saying
I'm sorry for interrupting I've only
said why are you smiling because he's
over there like I well what's that my
computer was like freaking out I'm an
editing Ellie's video that's that
should have been up an hour ago but and
all of a sudden I'm not touching
anything and the mouse starts moving and
I'm like what the crap and then
different things so much is hacked into
my computer is controlling it from the
outside no yes
scared because I'm like that's
impossible oh that's funny
I shut my computer now I was like some I
I can't I have to stop this
oh my god they're not getting my bank
account
that's funny Jared but I just I've
noticed that if I do one thing it wipes
me out for the day because in you know
being pregnant with Jackson I don't know
if it's just different pregnancies like
now that this is my second pregnancy or
if it's just because I'm doing different
things because with when I was pregnant
with Jackson I rested a lot I went to
work for a lot of hours and it was a lot
of work but then I just really sat a lot
but with Jackson obviously I'm I've been
busy and stuff so I don't know if it's
just I get more Braxton contractions
because it's my second baby or if it's
because I'm doing more activities I
don't know but I have been getting quite
a few of them and I feel like they last
a lot longer than they have been and I'm
tired so I have like three different
videos that I'm currently working on
right now I just finished editing
Ellie's video and it should be up I'll
have a link to it down below
Ellie did an infertility Q&A because it
is infertility Awareness Week so make
sure you check that out as she answers
some of your questions that we've been
getting a lot lately I'm working on some
other projects one thing that I've done
with my dad and I am making this couch
my cam this is station Jared this is
where I'm going to spend the day because
the Apple watch that we ordered may come
it may come today I doubt it I highly
highly doubt it but my hopes are not
gonna be dashed I'm you know I could be
up in my office or I can be down here on
the couch the comfy comfy couch there's
like this interesting thing with the
Apple watch supposedly some people are
getting theirs today and some people are
not they have a few different steps that
they go through processing payment
preparing to ship and then shipment ours
is still on processing and I supposedly
was supposed to get on day one so
I'm kind of crossing my fingers and
hoping I don't know about you Ellie what
do you think all right I don't think
it'll come today I'm not sad about that
at all but I I just think it's fun the
anticipation is what's fun and that's
why you know pre-ordering things is fun
is because the build-up of the
anticipation did you just look for the
UPS man kind of just a cloudy stormy day
ya know it's kind of fun just he's
loving this oh it's gone he's like right
he loves watching vlogs with kids and
everything and you know swimming and
everything anyway that's that's the
update I don't think it's gonna come but
I'm still waiting for it is that weird
am i a weird person for doing that I'm
just excited I'm just excited I've never
really done anything like this before
yeah can you play patty cake patty cake
he says hey patty cake cake Baker's man
bake me a cake guys this is you again
yeah they didn't roll it mark it with me
Jay can you show me how you say all done
good GI can I be case okay little guy
you're helping me today Jackson and I
have been in this room for a while now
and it's kind of hard to keep her away
from dad's guitars but he has been
really careful like he'll kind of pluck
a ton but he's really careful with it
but I've been going through our closet
just kind of like getting rid of stuff
and it's crazy how much stuff that you
get that you're like I just cleaned this
out just a few months ago we only moved
in six months ago and then cleaning
stuff out I'm like why did I keep all
these jars of baby food why did I keep
them I'm sure I saw something on
Pinterest and thought that I would want
them but I haven't used them and so I'm
going to get rid of them
whoa that sounds crazy
Wow
sissy is pretty good just to pluck the
string and not grab the guitar and go
crazy he knows to be pretty soft like
he'll climb up there and sit on there
and pluck that one soft hey guess what
jared is doing stay high up on it thank
you say hi Olie
hi I'm jealous of your vacation wait
well sir we chatting with first : we all
wish we're in Hawaii
Maisie games the kids are here say hi to
your girlfriend we are just doing a
video chat here real quick we're talking
about VidCon we're talking about this
fun if you can believe that you find
your new place to sit in the house is
that what you're doing you find your new
spot in the house chill up on the ball
hangout max relax all cool is that what
you're gonna do
Will Smith there you go boom - boom -
boom yeah he's like wait his church
there's more than one purpose I can have
fun whoo careful yeah it's still there
don't worry
goodbye
like I said a million times it's so fun
to watch Jackson experience new things
and do new things and learn new things
it's my favorite thing about things said
things a lot I was gonna try and step on
that I just saw UPS truck out the window
so cross your fingers
I'm not even kidding I know but some
people have been saying that it's didn't
update on there but it's still they
still gotta cross your fingers there he
is the Unicorn are you gonna stop by my
place please tell me you're gonna stop
you already passed my house but please
tell me you'll come back well poop on a
stick and slap me sideways Ellie the UPS
guy left he didn't even stop by it's
really rude Jackson I can see you're
clearly upset about this don't worry
Jackson it's gonna come it will come
it's gonna be fun you don't have to be
so upset about this oh it's okay you're
not after that boy watch you're after
these keys huh oh well there's always
Monday and then if it's not Monday
there's Tuesday if it's not Tuesday
there's Wednesday hey Jackson have you
had a good day today did you have fun
with all of our buddies this morning
yeah oh yeah that's it yes it tasty keep
up I fight thanks for watching guys do
you want to take it Ellie I did it
yesterday do you want to take it away
take it away Ellie take it away you take
it away take it away thanks for watching
today guys have a wonderful evening have
an enjoyable weekend and we'll see you
guys woman man after man woman huh Mike
my bye
corn on the cob
