hi little guy
hi little guy how are you doing mr. guy
hi yeah I have a new outfit for you to
wear
John try it on hey see ya oh yeah okay
I knew you would be a cute boy and
overall well don't you just look like
little dapper dan don't you they just
want to spank that bum Oh
oh my gosh she looks so handsome and all
dressed up I probably should get all
handsome and dressed up now too huh yes
you should you do I look like scruff
McGruff
you always look handsome though but I am
kind of dolled up says Jackson so I
should probably you know do the
trimmings and do the hair and do the
eyebrows and do the teeth and everything
you're so handsome he's even gonna fit
do his fingernails I'm like way out of
it he's way out of my league come on
dude give her dad a chance at least give
your dad a chance ok Ellie is sick of me
wearing hats and she's sick of not being
able to kiss my face because there's too
much hair on it I know I don't have a
lot of hair but there's still a hair on
it and she doesn't like it so I've got
to get that fixed guys I've got to get
that fixed I've got all my stuff here
that I need to get fixed hey are you
gonna help dad shave no do you want to
shave - no ok he doesn't want to shave
Jared but you need to bum bum bum bum
bah bah bah bah
okay my second box came do you want to
know something something I feel pretty
strongly about yes do you know what the
best kind of hobbies are non expensive
ones inexpensive hobbies no no I can't
we did not hahaha
and I bet you I had Jarrod's always like
I've got it I'll have a car ha because
that would get expensive shaving is a
hobby of mine and it's something that I
enjoy doing and that's why I'm excited
about this give me a second I'm gonna
prepare this here real quick I've got to
get myself make sure I'm all ready to go
there's some preparation that needs to
happen before you can get a really good
shape and I'm not even joking like I I
do this every time I shave the first
step to a really really great shade is
hot hot water on your skin not don't
boil your skin off that's that's crazy
but hot water so you want to open those
pores too don't need a lot but the
biggest thing is you really really want
to get a good lather the more you lather
the better it is
oh look at that lather look at that
allowed there I love these razors
because I like weighted and that's what
you want to make sure is that you use
the weight of the razor you don't pull
you know and make sure you pay attention
to which way the grain of your hair is
going that's the first pass is the way
your hair grows once you're satisfied
with your shave Annis which I am very
very much take some cold water and then
splash it on your face this closes the
pores and makes it last a little bit
longer so what I was saying about
inexpensive hobbies shaving is my
inexpensive hobby right now Harry's is
doing the Truman set for $15 you get the
razor you get three blades you get
shaving gel but if you use the coupon
code Ellie and Jared on Harry's comm
they will send you that for ten bucks it
blows my mind that grocery stores are
selling shaving things for like forty
thirty dollars like it doesn't have to
be expensive and you get a really really
great shave with these high quality
blades
it blows my mind it makes me angry I'm
angry doesn't have to be expensive go to
harrys.com to get your set for 10 bucks
clean yourself up and kicks kiss your
significant other on the mouth okay I'm
gonna do it right now
sure free shipping to your door ten
dollars and you get it and you get a
kiss someone cute I guess it's raining
it's far and you old man is snoring look
both ways oh it's raining we're going
into Michael's I just went to meet up
with Bonnie and we miscommunicated and
we both ended up in the wrong stores so
let's look at picture frames for the
cute pictures that drive-e took of us
okay are you ready to go in the rain
it's been raining it kind of calm down
so I'm like okay let's make a mad dash
for it you'll see how what we get we
didn't get too terribly wet but I think
it's one o'clock and I'm done for the
day I think we're gonna go home
we're all gonna take naps my hips
Calvin's telling me the set so I think
I'm going to go home and I'm just gonna
sit to my hips
oh my hips Calvin stop sitting on my
sciatic nerve so it is national and
fertility week from April 19th through
the 25th and we haven't said anything
but we've been talking about it and as
I'm sitting here on the couch not really
feeling the best I was going through my
old pictures of when we were trying to
conceive and I'm not a huge quote fan
there's only a few that I like but one
of my favorite quotes and I found it
when we were trying to conceive and
that's probably why it's my favorite is
it is telling me I can't be sad because
someone else has it worse is like
telling me I can't be happy because
somebody else has it better and I think
it's okay to be sad it's okay no matter
the situation whether you're young and
in school and maybe you don't feel like
you have many friends whether you are
divorced whether you can get pregnant
but you've lost a baby whether you've
had
miscarriages whether you're struggling
with infertility whatever the situation
like it is okay to be sad but it's also
important to be happy for others and
that was sometimes very very very hard
for me yeah yeah I agree though I think
it's totally okay to be sad but never
lose hope don't ever get yourself down I
mean we all have moments where we feel
vulnerable and sad and upset and
everything but let that just be a small
moment of your time let happiness fill
you you know whether you have to have
happiness from someone else like let
their happiness be your happiness -
absolutely and we get in rut I get in
rest I get in roots and you know today
I'm not in a rut but it just I just
don't feel very well and you know it's
okay tomorrow I'll be better or maybe
here in an hour when I eat I'll be
better but it's just it's okay to be sad
and Jared and I we don't let a day pass
us that you know we say family prayers
together and we talk about what we're
grateful for but we really don't let a
day pass us that we that we remind
ourselves that I can't believe Jackson
as ours
I cannot flee we have Jack's voice today
yesterday yeah in the car it makes me
just so teary if it's like I'm grateful
to be pregnant I'm grateful for Calvin
I'm grateful for Jackson sorry no it's
it's so true and to all those who are
struggling don't you ever think that
there isn't a day that goes by where we
don't think of you and pray for you guys
you guys are always on our minds because
we were in that same boat yeah and you
never know we may be in that boat again
I mean we got pregnant with Calvin a
little unexpectedly but if you look at
the circumstances that it was under it
was like technically there's no way I
should have gotten pregnant there was no
cycle in sight there was no there really
I think that it truly was like a
modern-day miracle
that I got pregnant again and I just
think that it's crazy and you know we'll
see we'll see how our future goes but
I'm grateful for the babies I have and
I'm just sitting here thinking about our
past and I'm really grateful for what
we've learned and I'm really grateful
that we are able to do this full-time
together
so anyway I figured I might as well say
something I really didn't mean to cry
but it could be just because I'm
pregnant because I'm hungry and because
it's an emotional thing and I'm grateful
I'm grateful that I can sit here and cry
about it because it it's a beautiful
thing babies are beautiful you know a
family that checks the mail together
stays together
together Jared's like do you guys want
to walk with me to go check the mail and
like sure sir Watkyn we're checking the
mail and I have some that church
activities that I'm going to attend to
tonight so you know what that means yes
I'm gonna zap me Jackson to swimming
lessons Jackson and I are gonna have
some pool bar how are you gonna film if
one of us are there to film well Ellie
when I was born I was born with one hand
for carrying a child and one hand for
carrying a camera so I think that's
exactly what I'm gonna make it work I'm
gonna make it work whether it's the
GoPro whether it's this camera of the
GoPro probably the GoPro cuz that's
waterproof and we're in a pool and pools
are filled with water so the GoPro might
be the best thing for us the my best
option that we have good Jackson Jackson
I love you mm-hmm is going on if you hit
my fingers I'm you uh are you is he
pushing hard yeah watch his fingers
little stink
he's like stay in there mom you're stuck
all righty buddy boy are you ready to go
swimming are you ready to go diving are
you ready to go scuba diving
the only self-contained underwater
breathing apparatus I'd like a week and
a half left a swim he's been doing good
and I think I think he's gonna do really
good now that I'm at the helm now that
I'm coaching in
well boys and girls that's a wrap
Jackson had an awesome time at swimming
and I did too I was happy that I was
able to do it in fact I think I may do
it one more time as only two classes
left so I might do a one more time just
cuz I had a lot of fun with Jackson he
is asleep upstairs Ellie is still out
doing some church things and that means
stress you and me so let's say goodbye
together everyone if you had a good time
make sure you thumbs up the video if you
enjoyed it that much more go ahead and
hit the subscribe button if you guys
love us even all that more if you super
liked it congratulations that's a
throwback to only a couple weeks ago we
have some t-shirts on teespring comm
slash Ellie and Jared if you guys are
interested thank you so much for
watching
have a wonderful day it's the weekend
for you guys have a wonderful weekend Oh
Ellie Ellie just got home guys
you're I'm saying goodbye to everybody
gosh I'm sorry I missed you a swim I
can't wait to see the footage it'll be
fun
so thanks for watching guys bye Calvin
Calvin Calvin Calvin
well that certainly you're knocking over
our thing all of our balls are spill he
just spilled all our balls a pool it's
very inappropriate wait
