good morning good morning to you
you are the one that was sleeping all
morning he slept all morning long it
he's loved all morning long enough for
me to shower get dressed get some makeup
on
he's been playing in our room left and
right and look what he even got into my
breast pump
you lost incre
okay what do you think
did you look handsome or what yeah you
look handsome should we get down you say
holy Hannah Montana you look handsome
say please okay no you're not gonna make
him sign it well he jumped into my arms
before I can make him hey I want to show
let's see can you say please say please
oh yeah good job buddy
hey I smell bad and I need a shower huh
hey he was excited he's like another
bath today yes please
Jackson I just realized need you kind of
match today look look at new mirror be
kind of match Jackson you ready whoa
throw it
whoa throw it
now he's just letting it go throw it
whoa baby's head down today okay I'm
just getting ready
we found a more real OC oh we didn't
like you in on your back we have your
roll to your side
Jackson is this weird he's just staring
he's holding real stuff like what was
going on
say hi Calvin you being a pill today yes
he's just giving me a little grief I
want to just listen to him for a minute
make sure you've been this is right oh I
had a brother hey there we go
well it took a long time to get it huh
so listen to nagging feeling yeah you
woke up yeah it's gonna come back down
yeah down it goes
so babies when they're sleeping or
resting the heart rates lower okay good
so we got an acceleration he didn't like
you on your back no I did you happy now
thank you
good-looking shirt you've got their team
yeah what do you think about that
doctor's appointment I thought I was
gonna weird I was like I know I the
baby's fine cuz I can feel him all the
time but still when it's like okay
where's that heartbeat yeah the longest
time I was like um that's Ellie's Herbie
that's not the babies that's Elias like
I just like that's not the baby but even
though I knew everything was okay cuz I
felt him just like ten minutes prior it
was like if I had a right better get
that or I'm gonna but she was knew it
not new but she was new to me and she
wasn't pressing very hard and I don't
maybe she was being a little more
delicate and I don't know it was kind of
weird but I feel much better now but all
signs all signs are go everything's good
good
I I'll do a little update on my channel
for Friday but I've done really well
this pregnancy I have been able to drink
a lot more water and I feel like I've
been just a hair more active even though
I worked at the salon I just think with
Jackson and being outside and out and
about I I've gained a good 25 pounds
they've been really happy with that and
um things are going good I'm really
excited I am just we've got four weeks
do we have four weeks that's more less a
little more in four weeks six weeks yeah
it's a mess it's just crazy how fast
it's going and how excited I'm getting
I'm just really excited I'm gonna be
crazy to have to baby I'm excited to
kiss him and not have him squirm away
looking at you mister I'm looking at you
Jackson I'm looking at you you little
squirming little boy a squirmer that's
what we're gonna call you Jackson the
squirmer me come that's what you I'm
looking at you in the rearview mirror I
see what you're doing don't you drop
that binky hey you know I'm talkin to
you
hey I'm talking to you
well I think this is a treat there are
no good stores where we live yes there
are no there's a we have to get our
camera fixed because the lens it won't
open all the way unless I open it and we
don't have a Carter so we came into town
mom to lunch and we are going to try and
find a church spring outfit we got to
get you guys fixed so we can film better
because I have to always open up the
lens I have been on the hunt for cute
overalls for Jackson and I had in mind
what I want and every time you go to the
stores Jared he's like oh I don't know I
don't know if he's not a big fan of it
or what but hope you like I'm Jared haha
I Fantin the key this little blue
overalls with a little striped shirt for
the back I think it's really cute there
I think no matter what Jackson will be
cute right kids up any kid is cute so
it'll be fun but I definitely wanted him
to have some overalls of some works I
thought it was so cute look at these
boys they've been working all day
helping Joel's mama out they've been
putting wood and um a deck that needs to
be replaced
you hard-working boys you boys are
working together and you they tore the
whole deck well half of it we're doing
this one here next well it looks good so
far
we've been liking this unto all the
Rocky movies yeah while you guys are
backing we've been battling these decks
and it's been difficult but we've won
depends the first deck we bet beat the
fudge back with that guy mr. t this guy
right here is the Russian I must break
you
well you guys were working Bonnie and I
went to a few stores for baby clothes
and I finally found Jackson a cute
little tie in a belt for his little
cousins baptism coming up so he'll look
nice and dapper just like his daddy just
like his daddy
how's my eyebrow trip we barely got you
just on that - oh I was just thinking
something that I love about my side of
the family and all of my in-laws side of
the families whether it's Jared side
whether it's my brother-in-law's is when
you're at each other's homes growing up
you feel so at home like Jared's mom I
feel so at home in her home I feel so at
home and Landon's a home here at Joel's
home I feel so
home and it's like I want to pop so I'm
just like gonna go in the fridge outside
find a pop I'm going to the bathroom
just feels nice does that help all of
our families feel do you feel that way
too with everybody everyone is just
super comfortable with each other yeah I
really like it
well you better hurry yet because I'm
I'm runnin boys like wait for me thank
for yourself Jared told me to run he
said run Ellie what's up well this is
gonna come down any second so I 100 60
frames-per-second ready to rock and roll
cuz we're gonna watch this Oh should
look a train
and nothing happened
red meat meat meat me me me me me me Oh
get out of the way when it comes
beautiful it's like a big crib could you
put a hot tub in that there's Jared your
guide you can go home those guys kidding
don't scratch my trap they're just
picking up all the wood oh I like them I
like Jared I like Joel too good I like
Jared it's been really fun being at
Joel's parents house they have all these
cool toys that the kids are playing on
they have a full swing set and Jackson's
been loving exploring it's been so nice
today Jackson is pretty much walking I I
see the past two days he's only curled
just a little bit it's actually been
really nice because I don't have to
worry about him like scraping his knees
up as much he kind of Falls a little but
he's getting really good at it oh my
gosh he's like Bali laughing he's aw no
I can't handle - I can't I / I can't
handle - Oh Kate Jackson ready turn the
engine on oh no you're gonna crash you
better buy a straight I love you helping
correct it oh good you guys look like
you have it covered thanks for teaching
him you guys are gonna go for a ride
Jackson is all the way at this hill and
he is trying with all of his might to
walk up it and not crawl he keeps and he
has something in his hand I think it's
like a pine cone oh these are trying to
get out this hill okay he decided to
bear crawl it what a cutie he started
down here and he slowly walked up
hey I see you here that tush huh
there we go stand up oh you try so hard
it's a big hill my dad whoa he's a
doggie hey doggy
oh hi doggie you're a good doggie
you're good puppy oh my god you did you
know about you I hear one you're a good
dog this is a good-looking dog got a
little too excited oh you just said it
again doggy
that's a little softer puppy huh doggy
see doggy Yeah right he wants the big
one hey doggy so I was just editing the
vlog and I realized that we didn't end
the vlog last night Ellie that is the
first time I think in history well it's
also pretty rare that I edit in the
morning I usually edit that same night
but yeah definitely one of the first
times we've ever done that pretty crazy
crazy so we will see you tomorrow but
this is really today yeah what you're
seeing right now is actually what we're
gonna be vlogging for tomorrow's vlog so
that's crazy
thanks so much for watching guys have a
wonderful day be sure to check out
teespring comm / Ellie and Jared for
some Ellie injured merch you guys are
I'm gonna relaunch that campaign again
I'll see you tomorrow
