good morning guys guess what I asked the
birthday boy what did you ask him I said
do you want to go out to breakfast
you want me to make breakfast you wanna
skip breakfast all together and have
dessert for breakfast and did you want
um I wanted biscuits and gravy is all
walls it for another day I saw some
biscuits and we wanted something great
so that is what I got Jared I made him
homey biscuits and gravy yes what you
guys can make him do on elephant level
link down below
Oh si si was like I have a computer down
here I need the recipe I need to print
him out and start making my book but
Jared happy happy happy birthday I'm
excited to be with you I asked her what
he wanted to do today and just like the
past few days he's like I just want to
be together be restful be as a family
and play some video games
gosh darn it okay so I will write video
game burly's tendon I will take over and
you play video games in here this time
it won't play video game okay sounds
great
but it happens when you get stuck behind
the couch rescue and then you start
dancing
you dance losers desgas mine jacks us to
your feet big now they are cheesy he'll
dance and all I did dance I thought I
made Jackson's birthday cake really cute
but let me tell you
does that skittle cake not look amazing
skittles are Jarrod's favorite tree so I
made just a little skittle cake for him
I think that that is so cute to me
Jarrod II haven't even seen it yet I
hope you see my mom time yeah okay
where's this go-kart you haven't gotten
much video games in no I haven't yet
doesn't work in getting the vlog
uploaded I got your video uploaded you
know that's just what you do is you get
videos uploaded because we do daily
videos on the YouTube yes you do
Jarrod's been working away
Jackson's asleep and it's now time for
lunch and I say we go out to eat well I
do you want to go to you gotta give if
you're gonna pull my leg I guess that's
what we'll do I say we go out to eat and
then maybe tonight we can make steaks oh
you want the keys you say please please
please good job good job he's getting a
lot better at saying please
and what else milk and by and by and hi
say my you're grown up I don't think
this is the restaurant
we chose Jax pizza for the day we've
never been here and I had awesome
reviews and Jared I think we're and some
we're not people back at the restaurant
let's go get my visa happy happy
birthday to what are the words it's
happy happy birthday from all of us to
you
oh we wish it were our birthday so we
could party - oh I'm gonna make Jared is
over
Bam Bam Bam Bam
oh my god right and I here's something I
want to say this dr. pepper right here a
TCM yes this will be one of
the last hour my dreams here no I'm
gonna do it
I can't I can't I have to do cream bread
but I feel in my stomach I just don't
like it don't like it well your your new
year's goal was to drink about no more
than two week and I feel like other than
like when Brian miss you came and you at
your parents and in Arizona I just feel
like you've done really well I think I
think compared to what I was doing I did
well
but I I had the feeling in my stomach
just just like this yeah I'm not happy
I'm not happy I need to change it I need
to change so that's my goal is I'm gonna
I mean this will be like one of the last
ones I okay okay I'll hold you well did
you it keep me accountable I'm looking
at new animal and especially you
especially you do you like your daddy we
like your daddy say happy happy birthday
happy happy birthday from all of us do
you know happy happy birthday that was
closer say say happy happy birthday from
all of us to you we wish it was every
day so we could party to Jackson that
beats us hot can you blow on it the top
blow on it blow her hair solo
what a cute kid we are just picking out
one of the last things that we want for
our little patio which we definitely
need an umbrella what why'd you say
why'd you do the goofy face I just
that's right here they're big they're
huge Jared we are choosing a very big
very large umbrella that way we'll want
to be outside that way it's shaded for
the kids and what color Jared I guess
you get to choose because it's your
birthday I couldn't know I jump maybe
what I like that like the teal blue and
I like the burnt orange where's she
going Jackson where's she going I love
kisses from you yeah she's just playing
just playing with the baby I have a
surprise for you
oh we have to do a birthday song a cake
Ellie it's just little but it's just
what I need not to do anything for each
other oh it's it's we it had to be done
it was just little well we did do
something we bought grey look at him
laughs can I hear that skittle cake it's
good like like champs I was talking to
you is it it's your mom huh hello happy
birthday hi thank you hey Jared I know
we said that we weren't doing anything
but you had to have this anyway because
it was part of the girl we both we both
got to grow a both got an umbrella we've
got patio stuff that's been our
birthdays and watches which should be
here on Friday
yeah so I wanted to make you a little
skill cake because skittles are your
favorite candy and you're done drinking
dr. pepper but these for those
representing
the kind of drink right but those are
gonna be for special occasions and then
I got you just something small
better watch this fire whoo Kate Jackson
had to help mama so I'm not doing it by
myself happy birthday to you happy
birthday to you happy birthday dear
daddy and Jared happy birthday to you
can't compact I sound worse happy
birthday to you can you blow it out blow
it one he blew three boom I helped you
pull it out I made a good wish that was
cute he helped you blow it all out ha ha
ha ha ha here here here you can have
that no chocolate skittle isn't that
cute there you go the love of my life oh
it's an apron perfect so that you don't
get your clothes dirty when you what do
you think is real no but we should put
it on there it looks nice it's nice and
red is just a little black grill perfect
and it fits great yeah
supervise climbing of the table is not
allowed hey zero shade whoa I think so
that's a good little shader that we can
tilt you got raises Oh dot that's
awesome then you can tilt it it'll be
great
how nice is this Jackson now has the
whole patio and at least this whole ball
pit is shaded it's all shaded it is
really last night but he'll I should go
climb on the chairs but Jackson has this
whole patio to himself I just think that
is just so fun that that can be shaded
and Jared is doing what he wanted to do
finally all day he is alive streaming
should get a setup jared is gonna be
playing a game and he is going to be
live-streaming oh and you're back in we
can finally see what's going on here
hi guys everyone say hi to the stream
everyone say Happy Birthday Jared
there's a little delay jared is just
playing his birthday game
you haven't fun Jackson I have oh he
grabbed a whole nectarine in the two
seconds I was in there is that yummy me
and Jackson have been sitting outside
together we've just been eating fruit
and he's been playing in his ball pit
the shade is awesome hi hey good boy
should go play us our balls outside it'd
be nice if we had a screen door but I
guess this will work let me help you
over though over the step there you go
certainly isn't the first time it I bet
it won't be the last time Heights Foley
forgot my wallet in the car and we are
in the checkout line like the person is
waiting for me to pay holy forgot my
wall
so I have to run and grab it we are
getting some nice meat we're gonna throw
it on the grill bring out Bonnie and
Joel come over we have some nice steaks
for dinner tonight but my birthday
some birthday steaks well this is making
Jared's day the kids are here playing
but Jolie's here is the manly man is
here but you are gonna be them now get
about manly laughing the madness Manik
what you know about manly men I've got
it spatula got some tongs I've got a
grill scraper in a mate am apron cuz I'm
a man this reel is hot you are happy
they Joel tier huh you did some stage
getting those steaks we need to get you
a place to have gzip offer so you are
gonna cook up your first steak that's
what that's the plan anyway
now I've determined that the secret room
is part of the grill so we're gonna just
set these right o1 sizzle make it curl
shut : I love that probably got about 10
minutes for cooking time maybe even 12
cuz they say infrared so it takes and I
have some vegetables you need to put on
and on the cart dogs for kids yeah you
know Joel I take back that manly man
card he just dropped all of it back take
your first bite I'm kind of nervous
ready yep
is it good yeah what do you think John
it's good I have to take my friend one
more
this is really good stay here I want to
take my first date but it has a lot of
little it's a little more done than I
want it to be yeah I think it's good
that like the first time grill in a sec
I think it's good you like it yeah wait
wait wait ask me ask me that's me yeah
yeah I get yep I'm gonna eat some cake
it's gonna be so good I'm gonna eat some
day it's gonna be so good yeah I got it
you got something on your face Jared I'm
gonna Kody this is my birthday cake cuz
it's over isn't your birthday this month
do you want to do you want some of my
cake if you say two things that you love
about me you can have some of my cake
what do you love about me you like when
you play at our house what else do you
love about me oh wait you said to pull
out
that was fun huh yeah do you like
playing Falls the pool balls yeah cool
okay skittle cake fight for you um how's
the taste was it delicious look at him
go yeah he's probably walked in 95% of
the day he he's walking in I'm a walking
machine I'm walking like crazy and
there's nothing you can do to keep me
from walking I cannot accept that he'll
oh that's cute
okay well thanks for coming for dinner
guys thanks for celebrating my birthday
thanks for coming to my birthday party
thanks for coming to my birthday party
thanks for coming to my birthday party
yeah yeah now we got to rinse our hair
now we gotta rinse our hair now we've
got her inside so we can go nighty-night
so we can go nighty-night
I can go naina it's sitting to him yes
he's not fighting it
that's good consuming offensive jealous
I'm good towards my beautiful voice well
as the day comes to account well well
add the day comes up do you like your
dad hanging out in the crib with you as
the day comes to a close I want to thank
you guys for all of the wonderful
birthday wishes it was a very calm nice
relaxing day and I couldn't ask for
anything more it was wonderful to be
with my family do you want daddy to
sleep here tonight
I see that he's gonna break it to Zagat
thank you guys so much for watching the
vlog today be sure to hit that thumbs up
button for my birthday make sure if you
liked the video - click the subscribe
button anything else we want
Mellie Mellie thank you guys so much for
watching and happy birthday I love you
thank you had a good day with you think
you're a good husband I think you're a
good dad I think you are making my heart
cream cheese yeah cuz I'm in this grip
and I'm pretty sure I've bottom dit out
sup hey hey come here huh come here
say good night gives a deal I can't have
a kiss ya can make out give Danny and
cami kiss kisses no hey but not good but
thanks for watching guys have a
wonderful day and we'll see you tomorrow
Earth Day it's Earth Day tomorrow huh
look some dirt wait why do
