good morning my knee hi buddy how are
you
what you doing guys just watching some
dogs he's just hanging out right there
loving you he watches vlogs oh sorry he
watches vlogs or he'll watch Mickey
Mouse and he is better just sitting and
watching vlogs like he loves watching
Polly today he was laughing so hard at
Boston being scared of dogs he was
watching his cousin's he was watching
his other friends he's just hanging out
here watching some YouTube that's my boy
that's my boy you having a good day
today I love it today is another
birthday celebration day it's kind of
like it's kind of like Hungary for our
birthdays we we are still partying we
you tell them what we're gonna do today
is gonna be very fun stay tuned for more
anything Jared
today is fun we're gonna have Jack's and
hangout with his cousin's Jackson is
gonna go hang out with boss and Cody and
Olivia and you're really excited about
that huh and Ellie and I are gonna go
see a movie by ourselves just us to be
excited I'm excited too because that's
one thing that Ellie and I did all the
time before Jackson is we went in saw
movies that was like our favorite thing
to do since the movie theater get some
popcorn and watch a good movie so I was
talking to Cullen we were texting this
morning back and forth and it was really
interesting he's like hey did you see
the new statistic that they put in your
YouTube channel I said no what is it he
said you can now see how many views you
get from people who are subscribed and
people who are not subscribed and I
clicked on it and saw that over half of
the people who watch our videos are not
subscribed to the channel and I was like
that's so many that's so crazy if you
guys don't know there's a link somewhere
down below here where you can subscribe
to the channel it's completely free it
doesn't cost you anything and it just
lets you know when we put up a video
that's what it does Oh
Jared that rock makes me wish I was like
he's not there I don't know I we've only
been gone for 2.5 seconds and we miss
him but we are going to the movies this
is gonna be a really fun date Thank You
Bonnie
for what thank you for watching Jackson
let's go see a movie okay we made it to
the movie theater and by the looks of it
we are the only ones here we've only got
a couple minutes left so we'll see if
we're crafts and everything is we've
never had a movie theater to ourselves
before I think we'll have a lot of fun
yeah one or two people so we're like oh
man but we're excited we're in seeing
insurgent from the divergent series and
when we were Bryan and Missy we were
like you know
last time really we should go sit in the
hot tub and then die virgin is that what
it's called the first one yeah the first
one was on and we ended up just watching
that and we never went to the hot tub
that night because it was such a good
movie so I'm excited you see the second
one yeah me too I like these trilogy
movies like Hunger Games and the
divergent series I'm excited okay let's
go watch a movie dance well it was only
a couple hours though we messed this guy
so much I were so happy to see him and
he took such a great nap didn't you yeah
thank you guys for watching him oh stop
are you covering up your shirt I was
gonna say hey did you miss Jackson as
much as I did
it was funny yeah I mean it was pretty
cute you're pretty cute huh jared is
just getting a little bit of work done
and Jackson you just playing with rocks
in the house I opened the door and he's
kind of been going in and out playing
with rocks climbing on chairs going in
the pool do you miss Cody can you say
Cody Cody yeah you miss Cody um Boston I
am so grateful that Jared and I had a
little time together it was really fun
Casey yep it was really fun to be with
Jared today and just go to a movie I
just want to feel him walking because
it's so cute see ya
can you walk over it
whoa whoa whoo he is he does probably
like I don't know the percentage maybe
70% of the time Jackson walks he's been
walking a lot more it's hard to get on
camera because we only film like 10 15
minutes a day but these are walking a
lot it's been really fun but I had a lot
of fun with Jared today it was very
refreshing just to hold his hand and
kissed and watch him
Vianne be together it was really really
fun but I miss my baby like I don't like
being away from him very long that was a
long time that was only worth a movie I
like you I like you and I like your
little brother too
okay I have our snacks and our
sandwiches ready to go because we're
gonna go on a little walk
but you better run no walking for you
anymore hard cuz it's so bright run all
right I'm ready yeah now stand him up
and have him walk and he'll walk he'll
try and walk a little faster mmm he's
like nope that's gonna walk just on a
walk enjoying the beautiful scenery
Jackson loves these dogs every time they
walk by hue points and goes donkey
donkey yeah I think he says the same
thing but he means different things I
think that's what it is we're hanging
out with the jarv say hey everyone he's
been taking some awesome pictures and
that's just kind of what he does what
lens are using right now 7200 oh yeah
7200 you didn't know that which everyone
knows that that's a good uh
so yeah you know it's a good strolling
lens just in case you guys go further
down them the way I keep image of you
from farm ready said
talkie-talkie you say dog donkey he's
looking back he's really sad they didn't
stop oh I kind of sad when people talk
so I bet they're dogs - yeah I'm like
holding back in like I really want to I
just wanted em oh I never mind
and she we see a photographer in the
wild capturing the best subject it can
be careful not to just go we've we
styled the photographer run run we've
thrown up the photographer he knows our
presence you look at the water this is
seriously so pretty to me even those
places right there wherever those are
those were so pretty and this is the
first outing that Jarrod might have
really taken since moving here like on
walks or hikes that we've done and last
summer we won so many hikes but I'm
kinda getting towards the end of the
pregnancy and my my mind is faster than
my body and I really prize should be
going on hike so this is a fun trail
just to get out and go on the walk but
I've been thinking it'll be so fun when
baby Calvin's here because I'll just
strap him to me and we'll go on lots of
these ones Calvin cuz they have lots of
trees at Shady
Jackson definitely wants to get out and
run around out in the wild we find a
snake in its natural habitat right on
the cement the commentary of the
commentary here that's what I want to be
when I grow up as a commentator I walked
right into the PNC because I've got eyes
like a hawk
I've got Hawk eyes like a hawk okay okay
I think you two are the cutest that I
have ever seen
like how so cute hey you you two boys
are so cute
we're getting towards the end of our
little walk and this wasn't even hard
this is just a light walk but I'm
feeling it
no sick all right you're driving for
lunch so definitely it's crazy knowing
though I'm getting towards the end of my
pregnancy it's kind of sad it's gone by
really fast and I still you know have a
little over a month to go but kind of
crazy but those two you two are so fun
baby dentist baby I looked at you
playing before you had your camera and I
was like just so proud right now oh
thanks for saying that I really was I
just thought wow
well that was a really good walk that
was very enjoyable thanks for coming
along with us and taken some pictures I
know if you guys don't know Jarvey I'm
gonna have his information listed down
below so be sure to check him out and
say thank you for taking such amazing
pictures he's honestly like I don't know
a lot of photographers but the
photographer's I do know this guy right
here amazing an amazing stuff so be sure
to check them out no no it's fun just to
kind of come have people to go in a walk
yeah and to know that they're being used
yes leave a comment down below
you guys have outdone it again our T
spring campaign ended and we woke up in
every lunch you guys you guys thank you
I glad you guys are liking the shirts
because I think a lot of you guys are
seeing the shirts on people and hearing
reviews back so thank you we'll make
sure to have our T's spring down below
but guess what
tomorrow today's vlog for you is Jared's
birthday happy happy birthday to you I
don't know the words happy birthday :
did it that and I'll just sing it
tomorrow Jared you you can sing well I
don't know I don't know tired I'm tired
and Jared yes I hope that you have a
wonderful day tomorrow I will find your
science have a wonderful past few days
yes and tomorrow will be just as
wonderful yes well I love you I love you
I'm glad you have each other because at
the end of the night that's what matters
is what we have yes look at this little
guy go go
thanks for watching guys thank you so
much for everything I'll see you
tomorrow
