happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you happy birthday dear mom wife le
friend's sister person in the best world
happy birthday what what did Siri just
say what would be your last birthday
wish
ah your last birthday wish okay I found
this on the web for B birthday
uh-huh cuz he wasn't gone Siri thankful
to you happy birthday to you
thank you and many more on channel 4 and
scooby Doo on channel 2 hey huh
happy birthday sweet thank you I love
you I love you um Jackson for my
birthday dad and I got you something and
it just downstairs but it's like ten
times bigger than I thought but that's
okay that means it's ten times more fun
I do want to go downstairs and see yeah
let's go let's go look at it
happy birthday thank you
you
don't let him give in he'll just
yay Jackson yep just to the balls just
play with you of them yay think no we
thought this would be about I don't know
1/10 of the sack it's okay
this will be fun because we can fit a
lot more kids in it now so when everyone
comes over today to celebrate your
birthday to take some raw grass area
that's okay it'll be fun
yay
Jackson 1804 I don't know I knew four oh
yeah oh my gosh Jackson you crazy kid
mom and I are cooking breakfast and one
second later your region for on the
table he climbed up on the table he is
then he knows how now okay boys be ready
for church
ready for church just about I got put my
socks on I put my right foot first right
foot first Jackson where did you move in
the office you want your toy you look
like you're ready for church your hair's
a little messed up but well that's okay
okay I'm ready
what do you think you look ravishing do
I happy birthday to us happy birthday to
you this is your day not mine well do we
get to Kay's cuz you're getting a cake
on your birthday too
well I guess so if we only have one cake
we're gonna get another one cuz it's my
birthday I'm doing now we got two cakes
both candles let's go daigo Church
mm-hmm today is a very special day it's
very special because today is my wife's
birthday she's 24 years old today and I
was thinking about it it's interesting
24 years ago Ellie came into this world
every day since then has brought her up
to this point all the decisions all of
the life events have brought her to here
right now what you are seeing is the
summation of all of Ellie's and some of
my choices that we've made and I'm just
so grateful for all of the choices and
all of the things that have happened to
Ellie to bring her now it might sound a
little selfish but I'm grateful for the
choices that she has made so I can have
Ellie is that weird
maybe it's my birthday present from her
that she's my companion that she is my
love and my best friend
um it's her birthday it's very special
she means the world to me I am so
grateful for her Ellie I love you I hope
you
wonderful day happy birthday this is it
we are here this is the place as Brigham
Young once said this is the place where
we're going to party today we've got the
ball pit outside so the kids can enjoy
it we've got the grill that is getting
prepped here in a little bit how you
doing sweetheart you doing good
oh sorry she's my other girlfriend we've
got a couple of chairs but we're going
to spend the day out here having some
fun and some family is going to come
over and we're going to grill some
burgers I'm gonna try grilling some
pineapple if you've ever heard of a
place called Tucanos I know there's tons
of places that do grilled pineapple but
Tucanos does some of the most amazing
grilled pineapple in the entire world so
I want that and so does Ellie so we're
gonna try a whole bit
oh my gosh Jackson absolutely sick oh
it's actually it's dead okay
Jackson loves the rocks more than the
balls Jarrod's like should we get some
more to fill it up and I don't think we
will just because he likes the rocks
he's playing with rocks
I just took something out of his mouth
though a potato bug look girls he was
like and so I took it out of his mouth
he it's dead heat whatever whatever
whatever I probably did worse things as
a kid I think jared is just getting
dinner ready and I'm not gonna lie wow
those burgers look amazing but what look
even better is that this is something
we're trying out so like I said with
Tucanos they have the amazing grilled
pineapple so we're trying that out oh
that looks so yummy bonnie is here and
the kids are here Jackson of course is
out of his pools and in the rot
you happy you haven't fun you got your
shoes off
your hat on don't eat the racks why buy
all these balls hoods they got Roxton I
know they don't even like it the kids
have been in and out of the house
playing and they have been bosses been
loving that pulpit I know they just all
gone out like they were it's hot we need
to get an umbrella I think that's what
we're probably going to do is get a
really big oversized umbrella
put it there and have a shade shada all
right grill update here we go let's take
a look-see oh my goodness
those are looking a lot better than
yesterday pineapple is caramelizing oh
this guy's got the right idea to
bringing the grill out I'm excited too
excited are you ready for some burgers
where's my rock not that okay guys this
is my first public meal back a little
testing yesterday with Ellie and I so if
it's bad just don't but if it's really
really good I want to hear until you
guys leave okay I want to see uncle
Jared this hamburger is so delicious I
just don't know what to do with my hand
I know this is what it looks like it's
just so delicious we got pineapple
hamburgers too mate look at the big
platter for just two things I made the
salad we got some fruit since I got
doughnuts and we drink sir
so don't lie here if I don't like it
okay thank you guys for coming to a
party and yours and quoting your
sunscreen
Saturday Scotty it's your birthday this
hand commies they don't think it'd be
like it is but I do let's say a blessing
on the food Olivia would you mind saying
the prayer good thank you
okay well charms good update um
pineapple is amazing the watermelons
probably the best watermelon I've had
and a few seasons like that I feel like
it was a very good luck
the class was really good and the
hamburgers are really good Jackson's mad
cuz you want some more of this so who
likes salt on their watermelon whoo
the point I don't know why you girls
don't do that
I don't know why yeah yeah you girls
okay well sorry I felt Bonnie was gonna
say yeah I like to drizzle just a little
bit or sprinkle just a little bit of
salt on my watermelon where did you get
that from I don't know Mom
no probably mom that's weird it's really
yummy I think it brings out the flavor I
think it's really good
maybe I'm crazy am I the only one maybe
you're crazy
maybe you're crazy maybe I'm crazy I
don't know the word dinner Michelle
dinner - okay I think they're all having
fun are you all having fun
Jackson has his two rocks and Cody got a
pile of balls
Sharon some I think I think the kids are
having fun guts with rocks
- EEP is that cool - ice dad do that you
could try it
he's like I'm my turn my turn oh hey
he's got a rock in the other hand be sod
Jackson take the rock you have now no
that would not be very nice that's not
what my kids hit him with the rock boss
would be like aah are you guys friends
yes he walks he crawls with rocks all
day he will have holes in his knees in
two seconds every pair of his pants have
holes he's learning
you have his binky - huh yeah
happy birthday to you happy birthday
dear
led1 happy birthday to you woof woof it
oh is that crap this is good yeah yeah
that's gonna be a good did you make a
wish uh-huh
would you grease far why'd you ask
Claudia happy birthday huh thank you Oh
Jackson that cake looks a little hot
will you blow on it the candles take
some time for him to learn try it again
bud okay I love that that's amazing ah
the birthday girl gets the cherry yeah I
feel about all the kids like kinda
change you know what Ellie I was looking
at that stem and you remember when we
went to teppanyaki yes that's them I
could do superfast that's the perfect
that is the perfect stand to tie in a
knot with you like too tight right now
sure mm-hmm on your marks get set go
boom good job Wow
someone someone compared that to Joel's
time type in yaki Kay there you go Joel
that was like six seconds you didn't
move drop the stem drop the mic that
supposedly means you're a good kisser
you know that means I'm a good kisser we
have been playing all week now we have
to knit
well the unwrapped one inside is Jared
all right all right
gallon bags for hamburgers I was just
gonna say this would be perfect for all
the meat that you know we go through so
this will be great hahaha well it was
funny because we were talking about
plates and getting stuff like hey Ellie
I need a big plate to put all the
burgers on were like oh yeah we had so I
a big heart shaped platter like it was
yeah it was funny oh well we need these
anyway this is not sponsored by Ziploc
by the way haha Ziploc freezer bags easy
open tabs get them now at your local
store skewers for your Oh chicken
pineapple pepper yes that's exactly what
I was thinking
shish kebab
and you know what when I got those I
believe it because I got seriously they
probably have all of the spices oh my
gosh we don't like any you can't give me
a smile oh my gosh I know exactly what
it is it's Britney Spears midnight
fantasy you were you were just saying
how you wanted that's that's awesome
Thank You Bonnie
that's all you need cuz have your way I
wouldn't expect you to buy me you've
kept the other one yeah Tommy you guys
guys again yeah she's had that other one
for years this is Viva La Juicy is one
of my favorites but this is probably my
all-time favorites Walter Oh Bonnie
thank you happy birthday yeah well it's
the aftermath of the party we've got to
do some cleanup here and Jackson is the
first one to take the job cleanup duty
right here you love that don't you oh
man he did he loves crawling up here and
finding what's on the table and you you
got lucky today huh he got lucky today
guys
this was such a fun day being spent with
family and just being around Jared we've
had such a good birthday month we've had
a good birthday past couple of days yes
we have and Jared's birthday is on
Tuesday so tomorrow we have a fun day
planned and then Tuesday Jared's
birthday as well so thank you guys for
the birthday wishes
I've been flooded with them I appreciate
them I have read them I feel very loved
well I was thinking today and I put a
clip in earlier but I just I for some
reason I got reminded of this and I was
just like I don't think I've ever told
you this I think the only person who
really knows about this is my mom I when
I was a kid
like a teenager I worried about my
future life and I thought about my
future
and I was just like I hope I just want
to know who she is
I want to make sure that she's okay and
I worry and I think about her and I want
her to be the best person that she can
be and I just thought and what you
prayed about me I did I did you guys
pray about your future spouse thank you
religious I would pray about my future
yeah if you if you're if you don't then
start cuz I thought I was just like you
know whoever she is you know I hope
she's doing good
and I just and I'm glad that I pray for
you that was seriously like the cutest
thing oh I want you to thank you happy
birthday
that is so sweet I just I don't know
what makes me feel very special right
you are I feel very blessed have you had
a good birthday
I've had a great day I'm excited for
tomorrow too and the next day I'm
excited for tonight honestly I think
it's gonna be a lot of fun thank you
guys for all the wonderful wishes for
Ellie's birthday you guys are awesome I
love you I do too thanks for watching
guys and we'll see you tomorrow which is
the day between our birthdays which is
also part of our birthday celebration I
don't care to do that go for three days
it's not more warm on hormones okay
thanks for watching guys bye
member
