oh sorry grandpa he's like oh there's
Boston too
that's how you show love
take a note Jackson that's what you're
supposed to do wait there you go Oh
Jackson you're missing now you put that
in this gross stock mutual fund over a
period of 30 years that could turn you
do a lot of money you're missing out
Jackson gonna show you how fastest I
guess yes please show me how fast that
slide goes holy fast slide that flight
is so fast
show me one more time go you fell you
fell right on your bum it launched you
huh yeah Thank You Bonnie for making us
our birthday breakfast her mom and dad's
here this is a good birthday breakfast
but this is what's the cutest is all the
kids Jackson is and then between stage I
don't know if everyone's kind of crazy
cuz you keep taking all their food and
throwing it but he's getting to the
point where he could be on the kids
table I was just gonna say he's so
excited to be at the big skid baking
table that he just threw his plate all
over the place he's getting there that's
a cute little picture though oh my gosh
we can't take this kid anywhere all the
kids are scattering Jackson's on the
table he's like this is mine check some
tables oh my gosh look at this I am so
sorry
Joel bunny I will clean this up
personally personally I'm not sorry
these boys are not a good muffin in a
while well they're they're about to
expected nothing mom and dad just went
outside to the car to get Cody you and
me a present yes Cody's birthday and
Cody when's your birthday oh he has his
eyes closed
when's your birthday when you my boy
yeah wait how old are you turning 4 and
when is your birthday next week ok you
want to get a car for your you and your
sister Olivia for your birthday oh
that's sweet
yeah that's it don't think it'd be like
it is but it do I can't
okay do we need to keep our eyes closed
is that what we have to do it yes yes
they're coming in soon so I don't hear
dad struggling with the gift it's a dog
it's a dog it's moving happy birthday
no rapping grandpa bottom wait oh can I
open my eyes yet crap oh yes alright oh
look at yours that's awesome
yes the pot of flowers that we have to
go get I like that a lot
oh yeah for those of you who don't know
these are shotgun shells and that means
we're gonna go shooting did you bring
your gun
we'll save these for later then give it
to her
did you know he wou look at that one and
that's awesome we really need to take
Jackson how to give grandpa hugs thank
you guys thank you so much oh can I see
you though I'm just gonna have to do it
like this wait is this what it looks
like who's the guy on Star Wars is this
what Boba Fett looks like is this the
view of Boba Fett yeah
gosh dang it well thanks for coming guys
that was a lot of fun to have breakfast
and thanks for making breakfast guys
that was so good makes your present yeah
thank you you're welcome
Jackson Jon taste mmm that's so good
with it your birthday weekend you can go
get ice cream we all scream for ice
cream the Aggie Aggie ice cream uh-huh
and this Aggie blue mint is like so good
and this is one scoop look at Ryan Ormus
this isn't fair no big as my face I know
my my big when I got it
this is so fun my birthday's tomorrow on
Sunday and usually Sundays we just we go
to church we relax at home and Jarrell
probably cook dinner so today we're just
kind of celebrating we're just playing
with family and
Jackson's hyped up on the ice cream so
this is great SM ice cream come to mama
we'll get some ice cream come here come
here
John lick Oh Casey yeah Cody say Cody
you know he said Cody when we went into
the house I'm very maja he crawled you
Cody said Cody hey Cody he's funny
that's his other than my mom and dad and
cookie hope that that's his first like
he know he knows who Canas he was
looking for him that is so sweet
I love our babies I love my baby and I
love that it's like birthday might give
me as much ice cream as I want
I would anyway but it's just another
excuse should we go honk
where's his eye where's his eye I just
said like such a fun day being a family
getting ice cream cones just relaxing
you can't even dragging the kids around
town I already did once I'm not gonna do
it again
we've been dragging the kids around town
but the kids I've had fun they're
totally just like playing those who are
playing but we've been looking for a
little sweet
to actually go on our porch as well and
it actually may happen I don't know
we'll see if we can find one that we
really like but we've been looking a lot
and we're here at Sam's Club my last
destination we have to get some beach
for the grill for tomorrow and we're
gonna look at Sweden
all righty ladies and gents here's what
we have going on right now this reel
it's ready for priming it's ready for
some hamburgers it's ready for some
steak it's ready for some ribs and
everything that comes with it I just put
on some canola oil and and ready to
prime these guys here I did some initial
priming to get all the bad stuff off of
it
now I am going to prime it with some
canola oil and get it ready for cooking
so let's see if this puppy gets going so
I'll turn it on high heat for about 20
minutes see if we get some light edge
here I'll put you guys right up here Oh
first click do you hear that that's good
stuff right there yeah we got in here
here here perfect
these temperatures should be going up
we'll close this guy Siri set my timer
for 20 minutes Jarrod is just getting
ready to do his test run this is kinda
nice because normally this is the time
where Jarrod starts editing but it's
kind of nice just to be together and
have him be cooking a little late meal
even though it's light outside it is
later than normal for us but this is so
exciting
speaking of kiln um congratulations
Colin and Katie on hundred thousand
thousand subscribers and then I have a
piece of chicken that I wanted so I made
sure to put some seasoning and I got
chicken going on if I had more energy I
and Jared had more time we would have
done vegetables so I just drew some in
the microwave but so here's the thing
and this is very important guys cuz I
know what I'm talking about
I've had this grill for an entire day
okay hamburgers and the chicken just let
them sit there don't touch them don't
prod him don't push them you get the
juices out you want those nice grill
marks okay trust me I've seen a cup
YouTube videos okay so what we do what I
have is just salt and pepper on the
burgers and then I just put a little
dimple in the center of them that way
they they don't blow up like a football
so there and then the chicken I have the
thinnest part kind of going away from
the heat a little bit I've only got
these two burners on that way it's it
kind of cooks a little bit more evenly I
think great to me sound good to me each
side chicken will probably cook a little
bit longer so yeah let's see it awesome
okay so I'm getting kind of nervous but
one thing how you can tell to flip them
is when the blood you can see the blood
start to come up through the burger so
that's how you know so I'm gonna try
this one and I'm looking for some good
grill marks oh we better not show them
on this because every get-together she's
going to make you do it I think I'm
maybe need to go a little bit longer but
no I know it's great not the chicken
chickens will keep that's got to keep
cooking balance great in the meantime I
don't even know if you can see Jackson's
probably start doing it but he was
seriously trying to do handstands in his
crib now he's just kicking the side of
the crib but he has been in there like
doing handstands just putting himself to
sleep look at his feet they're just
hanging up there kick in the crib what a
little funny kid oh my goodness Ellie oh
my goodness Ellie that looks pretty good
to me I'm starving I we had we didn't
eat lunch huh well guys I am so excited
to try my first meal on the grill so
we're gonna end the vlog here enjoying
the beautiful sunset next to betty lou
our grill you're welcome
happy birthday to us tomorrow today for
you
see you guys tomorrow I'm gonna eat us
