oh my goodness
Jackson so confusing where's mine it's
like a dunce after heavy is the head
that wears the crown today is Joel's day
off and so we are hanging out all the
family is gathered together and it is
the LRD
sorry if you're fine go starting the
celebration of our birthday this weekend
yeah we're gonna have fun today right
guys having fun yeah Joel I like your
hat
isn't this nice it looks good Thank You
Jerrod it looks really good I like it I
like I want the floral one Jackson do
you like that giant TV
Oh Jackson
oh well jared is a manly man but Joe is
a grizzly a manly man hard work taking
care of you call Joel but if you want
computer stuff done if you want to learn
how to work an iPhone you give Jared a
call so J I replaced our sink our
kitchen and bathroom sink at her old
place yes and you did such a good job
but Jared has asked Joel to come along
when you say when you say fun he races
everything that was you know Jared has
asked Joel to come along and help
approve of his decision of the grill
that jared has picked out and from the
looks of it if that's the one that's
that's a good deal is that the one no
that's not that's a 3-burner oh well
jaren Joel are gonna look at grills
sorry Jackson until your dad's a grizzly
manly man you can't
I am totally kidding
I said that before so the clipping chair
blasts these are cute pots Jared look
hey Jarrod Jarrod Jarrod mom's puzzler
something is going to get all of these
LED lights did another seat belt on
there good okay Jackson are you happy
now are you happy that you've got yeah
it's a nice size it's not near as big as
that behemoth over there no alrighty I
think Jarrod found his love
I did it's the dirtiest one I sure you
well see the dirt scratches Wow I know I
know
well I'm excited for you I'm excited for
me you are gonna make me lots and lots
of dinners and red meat okay okay good
for me and the baby Jared and I are just
out on a little front little area trying
to figure out how we want to make this
work for summer and Jackson has already
found his toy his play stuff he has been
just crawling around the little yard
taking all the rocks hitting him back
and forth
we've got rocks here rocks there if he
were old enough I bet he'd even have
rocks in his pockets
hi he's been looking on it's been fun to
just watch and kind of explore and have
fun oh my gosh I just cannot even
believe how good the sunshine feels and
the snow is melted remember like two
days ago we had a ton of snow out here
it's melted and it's hot it's hot I need
a hat to Jackson pie needs a hat on oh
yeah your hair is warm it's gonna be
blonde I know it's already getting
really blonde yeah you like your rocks
show me your rocks
yeah that's a rock where's your other
ones you got two in that hand and one in
that hand we're gonna run into town and
look for a few more items just for our
love front patio area but Jackson the
moment we left you started crying and I
was like I'll give him the rock I lied I
put the rocks down and he's just like oh
not in your mouth and we're just like
okay just give him the rock cuz he wants
to play with the rocks nice to eat the
wrong trip we need to give him something
to put in his mouth so you can just hold
the rock but he's seriously he's just
like I want to play the rock cause if
you want the rock take the rock hello
beautiful how are you you beautiful
grill you I'm gonna use you I'm gonna
cook on you I'm gonna grill on you it's
gonna be a beautiful thing the things
we're gonna do together oh it's gonna be
so nice but first and foremost before
anything happens we've got to get you
cleaned up
we've got to get you clean and nice and
shiny sorry I'm just having some
one-on-one time with
our bed fur I don't see you Ellie are
you you're interrupting my my one-on-one
time do you need some help with the baby
gate that we're gonna put right here so
Jackson can escape
okay let's get this figured out what
more can a mommy and a wife ask for her
husband's cleaning working on getting
some food prepped for some time maybe
not tonight and then Jackson is trapped
in he's going nowhere he's got this
whole area he can play you you got more
rocks Jackson he's been playing with
rocks non-stop he's just been crawling
by dad I remember growing up my mom was
always like last night tougher dad go
sign up her dad and it was like we
really we really kind of weren't that
much help most of the time but she just
wanted us to be up there she wanted us
to be hanging around in my case he
needed something so Jackson I'm teaching
you young you go be by your dad we'll
have to move him see you later
yeah get the rocks pick them up yeah one
of our favorite places to go in Logan
for dinners a place called firehouse
pizza it is some of the best pizza I've
ever had and their bread oh it's so good
it's so good the bread and the dipping
sauce is it's so good it's so good to
the days I put it in my mouth and I eat
it but that's where we're headed right
now and you know what what I've been
kind of missing tribe Tyler huh me too
have you seen the what is it men in
black but they put their sunglasses on
real quick mm-hmm
there's one guy I can't remember his
like the Frog man or whatever but Will
Smith and the other guy do it real quick
and he goes let's go let's go see if we
can find tribe Tyler I'm hungry all
right Jackson no one's trying to get
your attention
Jackson you are such a beggar
okay now is over here Egon what your big
mouth but that's pretty nice of her to
share thank you more I may have talked
about I've always liked more more candy
please so we're here eating dinner
everybody are waiting for the piece of
the cut
and with the voice excited to do with
order we got the monster pizza it's like
my large pizza and I noticed my thought
was actually kind of cool as everybody
orders water and maybe a boys you all
good job like all of them you all order
good job
crazy night babies are ready to go to
sleep
I'm really tired okay this is the great
Bambino
everybody's got their cameras and phones
out good look how big that is
that really is huge they're all over
there comparing the size and look what
came in the mail look who came in the
man hear about this hold this hold it
you're black I like it
insert picture of Jarrod's parents right
now
how cute are Jarrod's parents they sent
us a picture of their hoodies we I had
no idea that they even bought them so
that was so cute oh that looks good oh
that okay that's pre handsome thank I
like it is that the large does it fit
better than indium yes it's better than
the medium because sometimes you just
want to allow me comfortable and
everything so a little bit bigger is a
little bit nicer yeah yeah so I have
both not to fit bowls in it I really
like it
I really like it so teespring we have
available for one more day I think don't
have a link down below teespring calm
slash Ellie and Jared to get t-shirts
and hoodies you guys have blown us out
of the water
blown us up you guys have reopened the
campaign to wise thank you for the
support and thank you for purchasing
them a lot of people said they've wanted
to it hasn't been in their budget
totally understandable and do not thank
your parents don't annoy your parents
this is not a requirement no you know
well it is really fun and I really liked
working with the company I think what
the hats would be really fun to do
magnets would be fun and occult : and I
love his magnet
those are really fun but do you guys
want to see a poster of our faces on
your wall when you want a poster of our
face what I don't know if I would like
like a poster like this like beautiful
chompers ok guys does the vlog for the
for today it was fun to start off our
birthday weekend purchasing a grill
Jared I am so excited that happy
birthday simple a present yeah I gotta
be I'm gonna be cooking me some meat and
some steak some hamburgers and some corn
and asparagus and okay say goodbye
