oh hey there a little belly button oh
don't be shy
hi oh let me see it I was getting the
lint out of it just a can of a button
belly don't know fat yeah I my belly
button is is usually in uh-huh and when
I was little everyone's like Ellie do it
do it and I would push it oh my gosh and
I would do it so much that my belly
button would bleed Oh like it would pop
out ladies and gentlemen meet my wife ha
ha ha
how are you feeling today I last night
it like it hit me last night I was not
feeling well I was like nauseous and the
baby was kicking a lot and it was really
low and hurt and I just was so I slept
great
thanks let me let me lay this out here
for you real quick so this is our bed um
this is our bed right here I usually
sleep on this half and Ellie usually
sleeps on this half but with the baby
she wants to be on this side so we can
put some stuff here and everything and
have any be there yeah a while so she's
like Jared let's switch I was like yeah
I'm fine with that I'm totally cool and
chill and relaxed and I can adapt to
things very easily so I slept on this
side thinking that I would have like you
know half the bed like normal but no I
think this change has brought up
something totally different and I was
only able to sleep by the time this
group and I was I was like this the
entire night I think for the first time
in months I actually
cuddled you all night and all night I am
glad you slept so well and that's
probably why slept well my my belly was
like hunched over you're like butt or
you're like well right now I was like
this and your belly just went like right
could you feel and moving it all oh yeah
I could feel kicks and everything but
it's just I'm not complaining I think
it's
I'm glad you got so much sleep but I
didn't get any but it's okay though cuz
I'm awesome my name is Jared Meachem and
I'm motivation are Steve at the same
time but you probably didn't know that
motivational Steve your mission
I'm just gonna take the day today and
just really rest I was not feeling well
last night I do not feel very well this
morning and I just think that I I'm
ready to just have a lazy day for me
yeah you deserve it I mean you've been
going like I think a ten-speed the
entire time you've been pregnant well it
fit it does feel good just to sit and
like I've been closing my eyes all
morning like I'll close it on Michael
wake up but hey I want my baby back but
yesterday was our Q & A video it's
pretty long too and it is up right now
but I did film a few clips yesterday
that we will put in right now if you
guys want to watch it's really cute
Jackson plays in the snow guess what
it's Megan April we won't go to a
semester so we are gonna go play in this
awesome area full of snow whoop already
fell should see what you do where do you
want to go it's pretty deep huh yeah
that's really deep
huh he's pretty confused with those
gloves guys he is he just wants to pick
up a ding Rock here you go
he's trying so hard oh you got it oh hi
dad
how are you good you running errands
yeah I'm gonna go run some errands it's
tux - tax day Oh snow you didn't oh
that's not you didn't know you did you
do oh hello there you're probably
wondering what I'm doing here with these
headphones on in this microphone well
actually this microphone doesn't do
anything right now
I'm not streaming a game even though I
kind of want to I haven't done that for
a long time so I should probably get
back on that on Twitch or something but
anyway I'm working on a project right
now and I thought I'd give you a little
sneak peek can you guys see that and all
of those things right there that's a
bunch of tracks and that's me holding my
tummy cuz maybe my tummy's not feeling
very good I don't know but that's what
I'm working on right now I've been at it
for about two hours now and I probably
have 30 more to go Jackson just woke up
from a nap so we should probably go see
what's going on there I think Ellie was
napping too because she's been so tired
lately but maybe she's up high you
stinky boy Jackson J hi I try to just
earlier you little man I'm an Eskimo
kiss Eskimo have a better psychic
cabaret look at mama
butterfly
yeah Batman so Jackson what are we doing
who we watching oh no big deal just
daddy measuring measuring for what a
grill might be like do you like it I
don't think you can really hear me and
Jax is just like I want a grass side so
bad but it's kind of cold so Jarrod
spent measuring he was outside he's been
looking at girls online too to find the
best deal and I'm excited for him and I
cuz it's you know he'll be cooking the
food so oh my gosh he's so cute
are you my dad oh my dad used to sit on
the piano bench is and she would ride
the piano bench like it was like a like
a bow or a ski or something because he
said that him buying a piano for his
wife and kids to learn piano lessons on
was him that was his boat Sibiu toys
pretend that it was a boat I am scary
knock knock yeah this will be fun when
Jerry gets tip again do it again hmm do
it again
she kiss-kiss window consuming dough
anyway I can't wait for Jared to get a
girl it'll just be a matter of when he
finds okay okay okay okay it'll just be
a matter when he finds a price that he
likes and he's debating between three
burner or four burner I think you should
probably just do the four burner because
it really isn't all that much money and
you'll have a girl for a long time and
we'll just grow our family anyway
cookie or did you say doggie that was
the doggie that just walked by and then
maybe over there we could get him a
little kiddie pool and what is he doing
hey dancing what
Oh a swing I don't think we get a swing
the one that I was looking I don't think
will fit I think I'll just do a little a
little about a little pool okay look
what we just got it came right in the
mail I'm gonna make you dinner
ooh it's gonna be so good you're gonna
eat some food I'm gonna eat some food we
just got this food
it's from blue a prune you know what
that means I'm gonna make a meal I'm
gonna make a hand I'm gonna make a meal
hey hey tonight we are making Swedish
style turkey meatballs and here we have
all the ingredients these are the
ingredients that we have chosen to make
the masterful perfect meal what was I
thinking I was helping Jerrica and I
just was cutting oh I just cooked Java I
didn't mean to I was just cutting up
some garlic and I thought what am I
thinking right now have a little garlic
mincer what were you thinking you're so
crazy I'm crazy now I gotta hear this
not waste to half my time doing the
garlic Jackson keeps crying at that he
seems to not hear he seems to not on do
I like his toy anymore
but there is are there some attractive
about you cooking in the kitchen Jones
like I forgot to do this I said don't
worry don't worry babe I'll get I'll get
the panko breadcrumbs
he's like I forgot to put it in there
but I'll just roll into us up we're good
I got thank you we got this together
thank you we're a team we could we can
make a baby ha ha ha we can cook dinner
we'll take it work it's smells so good
all the aroma all of these mic yeah all
the spices for those of you who don't
know blue apron is a cool service that
brings awesome meals to your door you
have to cook up but they've come with
all of the ingredients pre-measured
pre-cut and everything like butter is
already a measurable oh there's butter
um and they're delicious and they're
portion just right for your family and
they deliver right to your door and a
frigerator container the last time that
we did this there was a few people that
was like we're only like a big family or
we're a small family and I just realized
today after reading on their website a
little bit more that they have portions
for different sizes of families yeah so
it works for just about everyone in fact
his ships to over 80% of the United
States so chances are you can get one in
fact you want you want some food
you want some meatballs the first 100
people who click the link in the
description below will get their first 2
meals for free so click on that link
grow faster you can get a free meal from
blue apron and also I have to remember
these from last time some people said
what I have to ask my credit card
information like a lot of places you add
your information they send it to you but
if you don't want it you can always
cancel at any time just so you do yeah
this is not like a contract or anything
you can cancel at any time so it's
really nice it's really convenient and
it tastes really good and there you have
it free shipping right to your door and
cooked in less than 40 minutes are you
ready we even were able to get a kitchen
clean yes the kitchen is ready to rock
and roll - we have just enough time to
eat this meal and then guess what we're
gonna do swimming the swimming lesson
is wait will you take down all right a
first bite um good good good Bonnie
likes turkey turkey me yeah I like
Graham V that this is what now this is
good turkey I think I like this better
than the rice then the rice mill that we
got okay cool but I do like it
that's the cool thing is they're always
coming out with new things we just got
one mistake and I'm really excited to
try that one
hi
Elly hi how are you you look all cute
and cuddly and warm in your row I'm
trusting man and I just come in at night
remember life I'm sorry okay um how are
you feeling good it's just I think of a
lot Corinne in my eyes I'm just tired
and just why you let's get you to bed I
can't sleep right now it's just early
I'm just resting
okay well let's end the vlog and then we
can send the rest of the night together
how's that sound great so I'm pretty
good I want to say one thing real quick
guys don't you be snoring mm-hmm
this is very important stuff that I have
to announce here in fact you grabbed a
camera one battery's flashing ladies and
gentlemen boys and girls I have to thank
you so much because you guys have tipped
our teespring campaign twice through the
roof holy cow there are two days left on
this specific campaign to get some E and
J Ellie and Jared merchandise I love
this hoodie it's super soft it's super
comfortable super it's super soft and
comfortable and I love it and there's
only two days left on this campaign so
check it out we'll have a link down
below
I like the hoodies because they have a
lot of stretch to it but they are thin
it's not get thick heavy hoodie just in
case you want to know warmth but I love
it mm-hmm thank you guys so sure Archie
Oh jinkx you owe me a soda ah no you owe
me a Jamba Juice oh that's what I'm
gonna do that I'm gonna go get you a
Jamba Juice right now guys well I have
to go right now cuz I met my wife at
Jamba Juice ah damn you good bye
by travelpod member
