ladies and gentlemen boys and girls
welcome to the greatest video on the
entire Internet
yes that is true the Forbes 500 has
listed this video as the best in the
entire world
welcome get your eyeballs ready because
they are about to get their socks not
dog he's so far behind oh hey little guy
come sit forward and say hello guys this
is Ellie and Jared's Q&A yes that is
right you ask the questions and we give
the answers we asked Twitter and a
little bit of Facebook and we are going
to go ahead and go answer a whole ton of
them so let's get going boom
all righty first question of the day go
ahead and read it to it you're going to
move somewhere completely different out
of your comfort zone where would you go
New Zealand New Zealand we both agree
that New Zealand would probably be the
place that we would want to go mm-hmm
someday we'll visit there next question
what was the most exhilarating /
scariest moment of your guy's life
together so what would you say is the
scariest the scariest moment was when
Jared was working for a guy that was
self-employed and the guy called Jared
said that he was gonna have to have
Jared go part-time because the business
was self-employed the guy needed to cut
some hours probably the most
exhilarating time in our life is when I
quit my next job for YouTube where do
you guys see yourself in 10 years I
think that I will probably be pregnant
at 33 I'm not probably finishing I will
probably be finishing up our kids yeah
hopefully have a house and a dog by then
yes at least one dog um my biggest thing
in 10 years I just hope we're having as
much fun and being together as much as
we are right now on a scale of 1 to 10
how yummy our lucky charm 12:12 what was
your first date like I was was like in
high school when I out of high school at
this I think it was summertime so you
just cringe I had just graduated Jared
had called my mom to ask her if it was
okay and because we we were it was it
was long distance yes it was long
distance so he asked her if it was okay
and I drove down to visit him for the
date and then he told my mom what we
were doing for the date yep
I wanted to ask permission and I wanted
to be very gentlemanlike and thank you
at the right way cuz I was still the
cradle what are the dates of your
birthday's it is our birthday and mom
these days t-minus 1 2 3 4 or 5 days
April 19 April 21st put on your calendar
ladies only 24 it's April party baking
hell I will be 27 Oh Jackson I lost our
spots what are we gonna do what is one
of each other's most annoying habits
we all have them so what is my most
annoying habit I think it's really
annoying when Jared bites his
fingernails or Clips them but then
leaves them in a pile i strategically
put them there so i can throw them away
when i never grow - maybe I forget
sometimes but I throw them away no I
drove them away Ellie's um most annoying
habit but I'll get to this in another
question I would say that Ellie is very
stubborn but that it goes two ways we'll
get to that later
why Ellie and Jared and not Jared and
Ellie why my thinking is that it's
alphabetical order Ellie and Jared but
my dad and I actually talked about this
the other day he said Jared and Ellie
just rolls off the tongue a little bit
easier but hey dying oh okay I think I'm
glad you say that because I think a lot
of it depends on who you're talking to
because if you're talking to my family
that will say Jared and Ellie but if
you're talking to Ellie's family they'll
say le MJ I normally say Jared and Ellie
that's true I think when we're talking
about us we say Jared and Ellie but I
did an alphabetical order there was
really no rhyme or reason women goes
first raised first which are the best /
worse things about putting your whole
life on YouTube I would say the best
thing about putting our life on YouTube
is that we can go back and relive all
the awesome memories that we had
experience in connecting with people
yeah um I would say the worst thing
about putting your life on YouTube is
that you are putting your life on
YouTube I think sometimes people don't
realize that this is how we raise our
kids this is how we interact with each
other and sometimes you're short with
each other and some people see that and
but everyone shows each other so I think
it's hard for people to realize that
this is our life and that we we can't
just close our doors like we've chosen
to open them to everyone but it's still
really hard
a celebrity neighbor moves in next door
it's who do you want to move I already
know your answer Ellie's gonna say
Christian baby I'll you know just
recently I've been on a Tim Ferriss kick
so I he's been pretty motivational to me
with all of his different trials that or
rhettandlink I think they'd be hey love
ya I'm one of my life goals is to be on
your biscuits everyone go tweet red and
Lincoln
asked if I can be on your biscuits
that's that's the proper way to get on
the show yeah where is your dream
vacation I think Elly and I share this
dream I would say yeah I don't know if
you're on the same page yeah um I for
some reason maybe it's the bachelorhood
um but Tahiti I think that would be a
lot of blue clear water the warm little
Hut I was just gonna say nuts that are
just above water and then just go on the
water like Tahiti would be amazing
did you and Ellie live together before
you got married no we didn't we live
together after we got married how many
children would you like and what age gap
would be ideal for the next one after
Calvin this I will try and make this not
a long-winded question how many children
would be like of course we will be
content with what we have we are so
grateful and blessed even have our two
uh miracles but um I would say ideally I
would love for children as far as age
gap goes I've always thought I want my
to really close together take a break
and then have my last two really close
together but with what everything is
going on I feel like if my body is gonna
get pregnant I want to just get pregnant
have my babies I don't want to tell my
body though I already want those
children and if I don't want children
then I'm not going to prevent it why are
you happy because the only thing I could
think about in that last sentence was my
mom's telling me no but my body my body
is telling me yes thanks are Kelly but
honestly I think four would be wonderful
did anyone try to talk you out of
getting married on Friday the 13th
some people are superstitious no and if
ever we were choosing dates we thought
it would be kind of fun to be married on
Friday the 13th a lot of it had to do
with we wanted to get married before the
major holidays like Thanksgiving and
Christmas so we could spend those time
together and not have to like go home or
simulit hard or anything like invited to
be together yeah Jared's dream for a
house is the bathroom
what is Ellie's dream house want I would
say my dream house want would definitely
be a big yard
yeah I want a big yard and for the
bathroom I'm talking about like a decked
out Tim Allen style bathroom and you
guys have seen no improvement you know
what the toilet see is going to be
heated when you first started YouTube
and try to reach out to other youtubers
did you find the bigger youtubers to be
unresponsive so we actually never really
actively reached out to youtubers when
we have Jackson and then once we hit
30,000 subscribers yet then we dr. Bryan
and Miss Edith yeah big big comment
about our video Bryan and Missy and
Austin and Brittney comment on our video
we responded back and then we just kept
on talking and that's how we develop our
friendship what are your favorite
qualities about each other
my favorite quality about Jared is that
he is so positive you guys see him being
positive in the vlogs it doesn't just
end when we when we stop filming
jared is the most positive person I know
he is you and sometimes it can be
annoying it really can't but but like in
a good way it's just you're just so
happy because I'm happy
do you read it cute mood - one of my
favorite qualities about Ellie is that
she's stubborn so if you go back to that
first question it's a good thing that
she's stubborn because that means things
get done things get done fast shins get
done well um so I think it's a really
good quality that she has
so when struggling to conceive what
helped you deal fast with others
announcing their pregnancies I'll let
you okay we actually talked about this
when we were looking at all the
questions and one thing that came to us
was other people have troubles and
trials that they are going through and
we have no idea what those are so to me
that means when people have you know
little victories like that or you know
things that are a blessing to them we
should be really happy for them because
there are things that we are going
through though we're having victories on
that other people have no idea about and
we shouldn't deter from other people's
happiness but with that said we were sad
when
siblings got pregnant and friends about
pregnant and I think it's okay to be sad
sure of course it is it's okay to be sad
but not to dwell on the sadness to mom
because I really think positivity is a
real thing that can help a lot of people
what is your favorite thing about being
parents honestly is that I am the parent
I love that at the end of the night moms
grandmas and uncles cousins viewers
anybody it's like at the end of the
night I am mom and I love that I love
that I am his mom my favorite thing is
watching Jackson develop and grow and
discover new things which soft you put
on first left or right I had to think
about this and I would say left I want
to say love to because well actually
thank you for the son mom and dad my
casa I'm doing it right now I'm taking
my socks off
nope I do right I do my right one first
you do i do my right one first I think I
do my left yep I totally do my right but
what do you do these are the socks I'm
wearing today what is your strongest
part of your marriage and how did you
make it so strong go ahead I would say
the strongest part of our marriage is
communication I do feel like Jared and I
communicate a lot and I did the one that
says how do you make it so strong and I
think it is because we constantly are
talking we constantly are doing
scenarios what are we gonna do when
Jackson does this what are we gonna do
when Jackson asks to do this what are we
gonna do when this breaks down like we
are constantly asking yeah
we are cut what are you gonna do when
Jackson pulls your hair to the Archaean
over there really fast you do nothing
dogged and done but we we talk a lot
when were you guys originally going to
start trying for a second baby me I try
all the time we got pregnant when
Jackson was nine months old I was
planning on going to the fertility
doctor when Jackson was 11 months old
because at that point after having
Jackson I still had no cycles so um we
were actually planning on just a few
short months later we were gonna start
trying anyway if someone told you too
that you'd be vlogging five years ago
would you believe that um I would say
yes because that's about when I wanted
to start vlogging initially I think we
bought a camera almost five years ago
but just never really got into it I
really wanted Ellie to start doing like
beauty and makeup stuff because she was
a cosmetologist is this
what has been your favorite vlog since
you started vlogging there are way too
many and they constantly change one of
my favorites was when Jackson what was
the vlog cauldron who's this Museum in
Salt Lake yeah what was that why I can't
remember what them oh there's there's a
lot of favorites but my current favorite
is the one of Jared and I that we did on
my channel just a few days ago because
it was so real like we just work with
each other ads but the camera we didn't
even fight so the video was the how how
well do you know each other and we'll
have a link to it right here so you guys
can watch that has turned out to be one
of my favorite videos because we just
had so much fun I would say that I can't
pick a favorite video because it changes
all the time depending on the situation
Shay Carl always said that you know
picking up favorite vlog is like picking
a favorite child they each have a very
special feeling for you and I think
that's totally true what is one piece of
advice you wish you had been given
before getting married and I think we
actually had one of the best pieces of
advice given to us and that's something
I tell people all the time and it's
selflessness if I'm completely selfless
and Ellie is completely selfless that
you know it's a two-way street that will
make for a really successful marriage
because we're always looking for each
other's interests rather than our own
it's it's service it's you know looking
out for each other and I I think that's
something that if we all do a little bit
better
there will be more happy marriages
vlogging looks like a 24-hour job how
long do you see yourselves vlogging such
a commitment to pick up the camera each
day it really is I'm glad that you say
that because it is 24 hours it's what we
do all day between emails filming
editing it's fun I love it
um it's I think we'll vlog as long as we
can I think because of what we've done
so far we're always going to be making
videos whether YouTube is around to show
those to people we know
No we can't make that decision but I
think for our family will always have
some sort of video when are you going to
buy a grill so that you can cook the
delicious steaks I'm looking at you
sister girl and what's the craziest
adventure you've been on together I say
YouTube is an adventure and it has been
the craziest thing that we've done
together it's the best - do you like to
drizzle your syrup on your pancakes or
dip them in syrup drizzle whoa what is
Jackson's favorite word glad you asked
Jackson what's your favorite word is it
kooky rocky do you want a cookie yep so
please okay there you go
cookie is Jackson's favorite word it
tells us all the time for a cookie
cookie cookie would you guys do a
budgeting or money video on how you guys
budget or something like that um I think
we might be able to do that in the
future one thing that Ellie and I do so
money is a very like touchy subject very
um but one thing that we do that works
for us is Dave Ramsey we love Dave
Ramsey and we've done Dave Ramsey for
like six years now and it's not this way
we don't have a health is because we are
saving for that first vintage so we
follow Dave Ramsey when you start house
hunting what are your top three
must-haves we've already addressed to an
awesome awesome awesome awesome bathroom
a big yard and I would say three is like
an open floor concept like almost like a
modern look because our baby we're the
same we're on the same page
Oh sister Oh last question ladies and
gentlemen we're almost done do you ever
get asked what are you doing in public
when vlogging if so how do you respond
to the comments and looks look first off
no one really has commented about it a
week it looks all the time and it just
kind of makes us laugh usually they
smile or they just stir you know it's
it's become part of our lives so people
look at us weird but if you worry about
that you first have to care about what
others thinks and we really don't
because it's it's fun it's fun for us
that is our video blog for today
you guys so much I think we're going to
start planning on doing this more this
was actually a very refreshing day for
Jared I were able to get a lot more
guitars this is actually a really
refreshing day for Jared and I we were
able to get a lot of stuff done we were
able to spend some time with each other
and it was really fun answer your
questions so thank you so much for
watching our video today we'll see you
guys tomorrow bye hey hi you just talked
to do
