I love eating a fresh bowl of oat milk
with strawberries or raspberries enough
for breakfast and this morning I'm
actually making still cut oats I've had
these since I was living at home when I
was really done and Bonnie always talks
about how much she loves this I picture
at the grocery store and I'm making em
like 25 minutes I'm doing 25 minutes so
many people have one and they love it
and if I were to put this in an instant
pot I think you'd be done in like two to
five minutes or something else or Joel
said so
Jerrod Christmas is around the corner
one instant pot that was about 20
minutes that is yummy what's going on in
here are you guys watching a show what
show are you watching Jackson Frosty the
Snowman
you know these videos are my favorite
during the Christmas time yeah you look
so cozy in your new merch it's so comfy
it's so soft I love it love you day see
you there underthings
dhamma day one of my favorite things in
the whole entire world is warm laundry
just warm like when it's cold outside
and you have to go outside and you put
your hoodie in the dryer and then take
it out before you go outside it's just
like okay let's fold the laundry laundry
folded chick there's a straight line
like this Jackson that means it's the
edge so we know this piece is gonna go
on the outside
well that one also has a flat side so
that's gonna be on the edge too so we
just need to figure out which it goes
spider-man is probably gonna be in the
middle see this is the puzzle we're
trying to make you are rockin this
puzzle I'm so proud of you but I've been
helping him a little bit for the most
part he's doing all of this by himself
all of this I'm helping in a little bit
you know what I'm trying so we've got to
find the rest of this and here's the
thing no one told me the secret of doing
like
outer edges I don't know why I never
made that connection and when I was
younger but the flat sides are the edges
obviously and you know it's easier to
start with the edges first sometimes so
I don't know why I didn't make that
connection when I was younger about
Jackson now you know and I want you to
take that throughout life okay
the edges are the flat ones yeah that's
a flat side so that's gonna go on the
outside almost turn it one more time
Boop okay where's the lesson dude you
gotta flip it around find out how it
fits
you did it again
well you saw well it was done for a
second okay I'm letting you do this one
all by yourself okay okay there was that
fun though okay so here's the situation
I just left the house said goodbye to
the kid said goodbye to Ellie said
goodbye to penny and I'm on my way down
to a very special place I was invited by
some good friends of mine you may know
them as studio C to make a video with
them I am driving down I've got my dr.
pepper in tow and we are good to go
I just rhymed
montage here is a before I'm going to
organize and fold Jarrod sweaters and
GME's and some of mine as well
and there's after much better sweet a
little before and there is an after that
looks awesome
that is our friend's Christmas gifts
right there you to open it up and send
it to them
Jared has been on the phone and doing
emails double the amount of time he
usually does which is a lot you guys are
gonna see and I think in the next two
days hopefully we're gonna be able to
announce a really cool giveaway again
this year hopefully if things can pan
out the way we want Oh
three-hour drive can give you one Greg
in the neck
hey sorry they gave me this room sorry
I'll go get a different room
that was interesting let's try this
again shall we
that was certainly one of the strangest
events that has ever happened to me in
my entire life I walked into my hotel
room and the hotel room was a disaster
and there was someone inside of it
luckily it was a worker who's changing
things around but I've got I've got a
good hotel room now so I think things
are gonna be okay now here is before
lots of befores and that is after whoo
good job thank you for helping me Jack
soon be picking up all your cars huh you
have a bajillion of them this is where
we throw all the cars right there
he's Annie Mario oh my gosh I'm gonna
give back to the people have I got a
story for you guys how are you guys we
are at a place with Studio C and a bunch
of other people we're getting ready to
go over what we're doing tomorrow which
is very exciting but the thing that is
so cool is the place that we're doing
all of this this is the most
unbelievable house I have ever seen in
my entire life
this is just the entryway come with me
as we walk through the most expensive
house I have ever been in in my entire
life
this is unbelievable
I honestly feel like I'm at Wayne Manor
cuz Batman probably lives here like
something
look at this brand this is definitely
like a we next something
I've got to show you how I got up there
because it's insane there are stairs
that take you up to the second floor of
the bedroom I haven't even been over to
this side before here's another bedroom
bedroom number four what's this oh
crawlspace bedroom number five where
could this lead to
I want to
hold your socks they're about to be
knocked up
well that could have been that the shot
to end all shots
not only that rock climbing wall goes
all the way you went to the top holy cow
workout room I'm gonna be frankly honest
I'm a little disappointed at the size of
the workout room are you kidding me
no I'm not come on cliffhanger oh
mylanta
I haven't even come downstairs holy
Toledo
the floor lights up oh my gosh there's a
volleyball pickleball net you want to
golf in here you can golf in this house
oh my entertainment room holy crap yeah
it's a little too small huh
holy Toledo where are those stairs whoa
I was gonna say this is the bedroom that
I wanted when I was a kid Mike holy cow
yeah like look at the size of these
windows oh it goes down look this goes
down it's like a sitting room what holy
cow
there's a secret door this is apparently
a door guys right you're scaring me like
that the cow there is actually a room
over here
this is incredible this goes outside its
Narnia could you believe this place it's
mind-blowing I cannot believe this huge
mansion it's the nice here and I feel
like my hair belongs never give up on
your dreams and goals first I think they
said this was like a 30 million dollar
house I heard there were 65 acres and
that is a wrap of our day I there's one
thing that I really enjoys I really
actually like cleaning and like putting
stuff away and organizing I think I like
it because I just don't talk and I'm
just like doing my thing and I'm making
something look better than it was and I
just have a lot of fun with it it's
night time I have a night snack um I
wish I had a Vacarro so bad but I have
eggs and toast that sounded so good to
me and I am watching a bajillion YouTube
videos of bullet journaling that's
something I always have wanted to do
well out you guys know I've been working
on my handwriting a lot the last few
months and I still have been working on
it so I think bullet journaling is
perfect for me a lot of you guys
recommended it to me on Twitter because
I have a planner and everyday Jared and
I are writing notes not like what we
need to do things that want to
accomplish and I feel like bullet
journaling is even better than just like
a planner for me so that's what I'm
going to be looking at I gotta eat I am
starving kids are in bed have a good
night guys
so here's the deal I forgot to end the
vlog yesterday it was really really late
we had a ton of fun I'm not sure if I
explained to everything but today for to
you guys tomorrow I'm not sure how this
is all gonna work just bear with me we
are filming a video with studio C it is
a huge exciting video they're doing a
bunch of challenges and it'll probably
be up on their channel right now so I
don't link to it down below if it's
already up so that's is why I am down
here there's gonna be a bunch of
youtubers vs. a bunch of studio C cast
members and we're doing all these fun
challenges and I can't wait for us so
it's going to be great we have
fun in that 30 million dollar house that
was incredible and just completely blew
my mind
I talked with Ellie this morning and
last night the kids have been doing
great and she is feeling pretty good so
that is going to be it from us today
thank you guys so much for watching if
you enjoyed the video give it a big
thumbs up and we will see you guys next
time bye
