hey can you lay your head on your
blanket or just put your blanket on your
head like that that works too huh don't
go eat should we go eat
say yeah yeah yeah I love I love
sleeping in and having lazy mornings but
part of me does not love it because then
I feel like we waste our full morning
but Jackson sup in which means huh huh
mom you gotta sleep in so let's go eat
it's rd 9 o'clock
I just FaceTime my sister Jilly she just
had her baby yesterday and everything
went smoothly and that's all you could
ever ask for and her little baby is so
precious and it just makes me so excited
cuz I'm next
I am next June the first week of June I
am next I'm having my baby it's crazy
I've been um I told her I'm like I'm not
taking this up I got my rap that I
ordered because I just used the Ergo
with Jackson but with this baby I
figured with him being brand-new and the
hot summer I just wanted that to try and
wrap them so I got my wrap and I've been
like wearing it all morning Jarrod's
like are you gonna take that thing off
I'm like no I'm gonna wear it all day
that baby was so sweet and Jackson do
you want to see if Jackson still asleep
yeah hi hi hi I'm Jill he's gonna say
just talk to her oh yeah I know it went
so well and Julie like I was like you're
not even swollen like she looks more
than I do she looks so cute she just
sure that was manic yeah like with all
of them has machine yes boom she looks
good the baby looks good it's just been
fun he's still asleep
they just murdered up his pride cuz I'm
talking really really loud I'm quiet and
he's up it should be a walk get it
together and get him yeah should give
him a minute to wake up good morning
Starshine the earth says hello hi hey
buddy don't run into the wall you know
I'm very ready to go
you did actually really good for your
nap he woke up like 30 minutes into his
nap and then fell right back asleep and
how we were like yes it's those little
victories that make the world a better
place
Hey
it's so windy outside we had planned to
go on a walk around because it's
supposed to be like 70 degrees but it's
like 40 mile-per-hour winds so I don't
know if Jackson would really like oh you
know we're gonna do instead we have free
love we have remember what we went got
though it was like the park where they
had the air bounce house and they had
the world's best corndogs and everything
we want a prize to get a free lunch from
chick-fil-a so we're gonna go get some
free chick-fil-a and now we're gonna go
run some errands
well I'm sorry Jax we can't go to the
park today it's too windy you can see
all the hay is right there is way too
windy as we drove out of the garage
there was like this huge sandstorm that
just like blew beliefs it's warm wind I
was thinking I'd be freezing it actually
feels really good outside that's crazy
doesn't it the whole time and it's
chewing you to go play out the part so
we'll see you go have fun
can you do that all by himself that's
cute he's just going up hey Jackson
Jared he's like already up there yeah he
is I haven't seen Jackson come out yet
so I'm gonna see where he is there he is
hey buddy
he's lookin the gun on the slide you
know guys after reading your comments
maybe I should get a chair too girl
do you want to go get that girl I think
I want to do a more research see big
purchases like this I have to do a lot
of research because I can't justify
spending the good thing about those
girls thought that we saw I'm not
talking to you I'm sorry I didn't know
I'm talking to them he's like I can't
hear you and the good thing about those
girls though is they had a crazy sale
they it's still going on so maybe if
Jarrod decides that he wants that girl
we'll go get it but they are having a
crazy good deal so I'm trying to get the
door to stay because the win I don't
want to date the car but I'm also trying
to get him inside the car this is hard
work
and then he turns around is like doesn't
won't ever be a Hugh the hippo come on
whoo did he see that deer is that what
yeah yep he's going towards the deer
Jackson wants the deer we we're just
that one about everywhere looking around
looking around at things
pick him up make him walk hi friend
that's gonna scary mommy is asleep
upstairs and Jax and I are playing a
game where she knocks the ball off of
the couch and I kick it back up and he
knocks it back off so I'm trying to play
like the ground is lava the ball can't
touch the ground that's why I'm trying
to do anyway got it
come on mr. goalie oh come on mr. goalie
get that ball over there huh hmm you go
here you go come on Oh way to go get it
oh look at you mom would be so upset if
you were climbing climbing holy crap
it's snowing this is ridiculous if we
get one and now it's snowing we go from
70 degrees to a crazy weird gusts wind
storm and now it's snowing this is redic
this is ridiculous
don't you think I have snow on my
shoulder look at that yeah we've got to
go to swimming and it's snowing outside
yeah wow that's crazy
let's go to swim
good job
well dude how was swimmin today oh
you're doing exactly what you did at the
pool trying to escape good until I dived
him cuz he did last time he hates what I
like he doesn't trust me anymore
yeah he actually does really good with
that no I mean else it's pretty intense
with the dives but it's good other
people do it then I feel like they kind
of have to and then the kid is squirming
and it gets water so if I do it really
fast and strong it doesn't go up his
neck okay are you gonna chillax are you
gonna have a bath what sounds better
look at that cheesy smile you get back
hey tell everyone to buy okay say
goodbye let's say bye bye thanks for
watching the vlog today guys I hope you
have a wonderful day and we'll see you
tomorrow bye
