Oh Oh where's Jackson peek-a-boo
peek-a-boo peek-a-boo ah where's Jackson
DUI first Jackson where are you
look who's your little helper
look who's your little helper Jackson
are you learning how to export an import
a new tag yeah I know it's really hard
that's why I'm making dad do it again
make sure that you when you switch over
to that tab over there that you get that
yep and then hit select on that one and
perfect good now import the footage into
the hard drive and then I found it there
and we should be good to go good job a
good job good job Jackson John a cracker
say Cochran yeah we say cracker hey he's
getting cracker and cookie mixed up well
because I kind of let spry my Fox I call
everything a cookie
John a cracker say cracker that's good
that works it is seriously such a
beautiful day and the blossoms are
blossoming on the tree and this is one
of Jackson's favorite toys as of lately
and it's because he's getting to be such
a big boy and he can go on up by himself
now he like chooses to get on it yeah
except he doesn't quite know how to just
to slide on it like you like hops up
let's get going
come on hey hey hey you oleg ins out
there can you keep it down I'm trying to
do some very important work here in
terms of emails and doing other things
that are very important I don't even
know if we can see you that's okay I can
hear you and that's the issue Oh we'll
be quiet you know well thanks Jackson
looking really good on that thing yeah
yes he's actually still on it his shoe
just came off come on
come on we have a designated play area
just around the corner that has like a
huge park and like a swing set
but in our front yard we just have like
just a little patch of grass and
something small for a barbecue or
something I think it'd be fun this
summer especially with the baby coming
and me probably not wanting to go out
and about doing a lot of things on a
daily basis it may be fun to get like
just a little kiddie pool and put like a
bunch of balls in it and let Jackson
like play in it and then maybe put water
in it one day you know let him splasha
and maybe how the cousins come over and
play but that might be kind of fun just
to kind of like sit right here in a
chair with the new baby and let Jackson
like play in this little front area a
lot of people put a little baby gates
right there to keep their kids in this
little this little area but that's that
might be kind of fun huh
Jackson I think is a lot smarter than I
think I laugh every time every time he
comes up to my desk and he wants me to
hold me since that leap in his baby
voice that will you please please please
hold me please old me I just want you to
hold me more than anything in the entire
world
okay Jackson I'll pick you up you know
come come hang out with Dad cuz I know
you love hanging out with dead cuz
that's your favorite person right there
for 500 huh
um but every time that happens I have a
thing goldfish here that I have from
snacking on last night he goes pecker
cracker and I just realized you just
want me for my crackers huh you just
want me for my crackers Tucker and II
say cracker smiley haha yes I think
that's good oh no we dropped the cracker
say cookie just different to him that
was good that was good
you sneaky sneaky boy he's a sneaky
sneaky sneaky boy aren't ya take a car
you know what I want to go do what let's
go okay Grylls can we do that we're not
gonna buy one I just want the lug okay
can we do that yeah let's go okay well
good-bye mica hotdoggers oh hold on hold
on our whole vlog today is going to be
consisted of our child eating crackers
but how can you not just film him when
he's so cute eating crackers out of a
dump truck take Lenny to Wynette think
I'd you been out take another one that's
because in my mouth he's yummy alright
if dad wants to go look at grills we go
look at girl we're gonna do we're gonna
go look at girls and Jackson huh and
Jackson's gonna be a good boy and just
hang out with dad
and I said if we to go look at girls
we're going to be here a while and I'm
going to bring some treats so Jackson we
will see you partake of a yummy
delicious powdered donut and see how
clean you can keep our single it will
probably be one of the most hilarious
things of the day are you ready for
summer guys for summer this is the
grilling season I am so excited we've
never been able to have place for a girl
and I'm also having a baby this summer
so that means my other you are cooking
yeah and if I'm gonna cook I'm gonna
cook something actually delicious and
nutrition and you know steaks and
hamburgers and chickens and you know
about pineapple and grilled corn and
corn dogs know you can cook hot dogs and
hot dogs yeah we could do all of those
things I'm honestly really excited
because let's let's be straight up
bananas okay this is this is the truth
this is real okay I don't cook very
often now I want to and I want to cook
for Ellie and I want to cook it a nice
good steak for Ellie because that's
gonna be really important you know
throughout pregnancy and you know making
sure you get that red meat inside of you
will probably end up getting this after
the baby comes I say quad I don't think
we're buying one today we're not gonna
buy one today but we're just what what
what what sorry acute battery mess so I
was like should I just give it to him
and I said no my hair is gonna be wider
than it already is I know is that yummy
yummy oh why does that make me laugh so
hard because it's filling on my head I
can't even tell
is he having fun does he like um yeah he
likes it he likes all yeah we'll see
what your head looks like after all
righty Ellie how do you like your steak
cooked medium medium I like a spare
you like asparagus asparagus reciter
let's get that steak cooked up and
grilled let's go
whoa dude take it easy on the doughnut
how did I think that this was probably a
silly thing for me to buy and eat but I
wanted a powdered doughnut and you can
just know what look at it ain't all
gravy is mine I've given you two I'm not
sharing Jackson look here no he's gone
hmm
yeah just give it to him don't I got you
is that the thumbnail for the day baby
Steel's powdered donut uh-huh you do
seem shake as ideas okay one of you
needs to stop you guys are eating too
many grandpa but you're being greedy now
youyou shove it down your throat and
then he's grabbing it Brad my arm and
put put it tort no no yesterday was
sharing and today is give it to mom
honestly he is like grandpa he eats
really fast and asks for another one
Jackson look I'm just
I'm not sharing it you could have
another one in the sand oh my gosh
you're silly
I cannot believe we're making this big
of a mess where's the broom Oh let's go
let's go to the room I'll and we'll get
that taken care of let's get that
cleaned up something that I have always
wanted is a little sweet like outside I
love sweet I love jocks and rocking
chair I love rocking and this would be
something so fun to have don't you think
Jackson you love it
I seriously I would love this I don't
think our front area would really fit
all this though I don't think it would
build if this one's a small enough I
don't think you'd be able to fit this
and a grill though but this would be
amazing to have heaven heaven watching
your babies play rocking and your
husband grilling is that my heaven or
what Oh Ana hammock and a hammock crack
there's so many things you want well
Ellie I have to say you have made one
small improvement
well this is a little bit better than
powdered Donuts just a little but I'd
rather have them do you guys ever have
like soul food or like what's the word
I'm looking for like food that just
reminds me of home yeah it's grilled
cheese woman grilled cheese one my
parents like on cold stormy wintry days
would make grilled cheese sandwiches and
tomato soup oh that's and they would dip
their grilled cheese sandwiches in the
tomato soup so this reminds me of home
it's very simple it's very easy as a
grilled cheese sandwich
what steak steak au poivre a girl a
puppy huh I want a grilled
stay calm they were actually really cool
grills I'm really excited infrared
technology and grills is that even like
real life is that good grill aficionados
they're one very many grill aficionados
when I asked infrared or is that like
you making fun of me because it's HD
making gosh well that's the thing is I'm
kidding is it is it a bad thing I don't
either that's the thing is I don't know
too many people who are like advanced
grillers Cullen you grill a lot who else
grows a lot camping the beer Brian
shade they all grill a lot Sam has an
electric grill my dad was a Traeger so
he smokes but not the bad kind of
smoking anyway I really want to get a
grill because I think will be so cool a
summer we haven't gotten one yet but
those are grilled cheese sandwiches look
cooked to perfection you're welcome very
much okay guys it's that time you're all
like what the heck what is going on
behind the Oh it is very slippery oh my
gosh this is behind-the-scenes Jared
Nigel hey you be careful I'm trying okay
just stay on just dance just dance
jumping I'm gonna do this please okay
guys this is behind the scenes video of
what is going up on my channel right now
okay so after you watch just go ahead on
over to my channel plug the link down
below but we just did a really fun
challenge video and it was very very in
our team be sure to click the link to
check it out that was so fun thanks so
much for watching today guys we hope you
have a wonderful day
we hope you don't have as much whipped
cream on our faceless coffee hot as fun
as we did
thanks for watching bye
