well good morning or are you guys doing
are you trying to crack the egg huh
pop the egg you making us french toast
touch that is gross where's the soap
where's the soap
did you get any sleep last night yes you
did I do you did well I think mom and I
were a little worried last night because
we knew the boys were like pretty much
pulling an all-nighter driving the truck
and you hop back to Utah so we were kind
of nervous and Jackson was a little pale
and yeah you were and here's sleep he
ended up sleeping with me and that means
neither of us so I cannot wait to see
the boys and just what maybe even I
don't know I don't know if they've lived
here
maybe this evening or maybe this
afternoon we'll see yeah I think that
this is really good for me to be able to
do the vlogs on my own while Jared has
been gone in the past few days and it
has open my mind more because I've done
the editing but I've never done the
whole part of it where you upload
annotations thumbnails titles tags all
of the behind the scenes of putting a
video up is I have not done so this is
really good for me to experience and
good for me to know how to do but I have
to give Jared more credit more often
than not I get upset with Jared because
at night he's working and I'm like
you're done you already edited it come
to bed like you're done and he's like la
no I'm not like I have a lot of work to
do and in now that I'm doing it I
realized that he really is doing so much
more work than I realized
and I'm really grateful for that this is
the best job that I could ever ask for
I love that I have Jared at home but
this is more than a nine-to-five job it
isn't it is all day Jared is constantly
doing emails business parts of it and
then at night when he's editing there
there's so much more to it than just
filming and putting a video up and and I
say this you know talking to you guys
because it's opened my eyes and I do
this I think this is what we do and my
eyes are even open more by doing it
myself and so I'm realizing that there
is a lot more work to it and I'm really
grateful for Jared I really cannot wait
for him to get home huh so he can do it
are you sharing you don't think he quite
gets that huh
you don't know how to share yet just eat
them all yourself look look
okay one two grandma mmm that's so good
come on have a bite okay get another one
give me a bite the mama bye you won't
let go
I have a very important question for you
Jackson are you excited to see dad are
you excited to see daddy
yes daddy's gonna be home in one Algie
huh yeah you excited daddy yes yes
you're excited easy daddy me too me too
are you excited to see York I think we
have a little much who is that right now
well I know those are pretty loud not
for a little kid
your hair looks very cute Aneta bun hi
Cody you look like your face Oh where's
grandma huh she's in the kitchen
hi by Sting look Olivia's turn give it
to Olivia you're so sweet to play with
him I was looking for Jackson and he is
of course stuck by your side is he your
buddy
yeah my doing - you know I wouldn't want
him on there either Jack Jackson you'll
just have to let Cody play you can't get
up there and play - he wants to get out
there like oh yeah guess what
oh oh oh are you happy to see Dad hi
look give my kiss Oh give me a kiss even
though it wasn't very long it's still I
was like forever
it was long because we're we work 24
hours straight you know
how's your hips I my hips are actually
really good my knees are what's
bothering you
oh wait how's your butt cheese cuz
sometimes when you're driving your butt
hurts they feel pretty good to me oh you
know actually I feel really good I'm
just a little tired
yeah just a little tired well I think
the boys are right behind you and I
believe here in about 20 they have the
whole u-haul yep and we're gonna unload
it okay soon as we get here so let's do
it
I think mom is welcome the best way ever
you're giving me corndogs after this
wonderful trip and I'm so excited
corn dogs Conda actually we have like
this like elaborate dinner and like pie
for us and the corn dogs for anyone but
mostly the kids but general fry eat
liqueur done you're gonna believe I'm
gonna have at least one of those oh here
let me let me be in support of that dad
did shave he's just that much of a man
it just blew back so I saved twice this
morning yes your shirt inside out
well this is my three day plan I work
backwards yesterday now it's inside-out
forward but you can even go tomorrow and
we're backwards and inside out I've got
three more days do me all of the cousins
have been wrinkled together you all are
going why we didn't have everyone to
load the truck I don't know I don't know
but everyone's gonna unload that bad
beast and then they are bringing the
piano into the house so you guys have a
long night ahead of yes it'll be good
yeah it'll be really nice to have all
these okay I'm excited to be fun
have fun see you later come on
no I think the counter was on when I was
talking so I'll just do this we're
finally here and the guys are here to
unload this truck and they're going to
have it done and nothing flat and they
are the most good-looking guys
they are hunt and they are related to me
guys does it take to move a washing
machine you know he keeps one if it's
Dustin or me or your court-martial flex
your muscles how'd you like this ready
oh um this is my retro David you did a
good job for an old man if you can start
folding these blankets while you're
sitting there watching I wouldn't help a
lot they're dirty they're dirty they're
kind of dirty yeah you you wanna see
turned our shirts on inside out like you
do okay Lewis your shirt Chad my shirt
it's a it's a three-day shirt one-day
day two inside out day three backwards
and then forwards get to work you are
really ingenious oh you have you haven't
felt out
gosh that's all my cousins all the boys
move in that I got it oh ma I'm a
blogger come on water water yeah we said
your your handguns oh yeah probably
honey okay no one injected it good time
well guys it is time to end the vlog and
Jared is upstairs I told him go sleep go
crash they he drove he drove 24 hours in
like a 48 hour period and that's not
including packing up a whole house and
once again I just really appreciate
Jared and all the work that he does for
these videos for us and I appreciate the
person that Jared is Jared is the kind
of person that could be anybody's friend
he is the kind of person that will drop
whatever he has to help he he was
talking on the way here about how he is
like I just love that I can be
motivating for poor people and I love
that I can motivate myself and I can
help motivate my family and he really is
that kind of person and really grateful
for the kind of man that he is and I'm
grateful that he was raised to be that
way and I'm grateful that I am going to
have him to help me raise our children
and hope to raise them that way as well
so I don't know I'm just love you Jared
but I'm gonna go ahead and say goodbye
and we'll see you guys tomorrow tomorrow
might be a really lazy day actually not
for Jared he was saying all the things
that he wants to do tomorrow as far as
he wants to get going on a ton of videos
for you guys so he'll be busy but me and
Jackson may have a lazy day we'll see
you guys later bye
by
