good morning oh why am I here
cuz you're my mom you're making
breakfast why I just made eggs for
everyone because I spent the night at
Bonnie's last night I don't like
sleeping by myself
Bonnie doesn't like sleeping by herself
at listicle ribs
good morning taken to you go start over
no I I start over me I'll probably don't
like sleeping alone
Jared's in Arizona helping live and Joe
had to work really late last night yeah
so I stayed the night and Jackson is
this nine o'clock I can tell is lately
like I told Bobby I was like shy go
check on it I don't like it makes me
nervous and so but I was UNAM to the
door I think he's doing okay but he's
still asleep and we had been loud this
morning crazy anyway
let's eat some breakfast
it's ten o'clock he's still asleep I
thought I have to check on him I'm not
gonna leave em in there it's ten o'clock
I hoped in the door and he I was like
okay
so he's gonna sleep don't go outside you
I cuz hey let's go outside
disco plays you cousins I just have fun
Jackson you finally woke up came out of
the came out of the woods and he's ready
to play now I'm medium the ugly nose
don't even seein those over there Sooey
are you having fun suing it Jackson are
you having fun are you having fun
well I yeah I run it show you guys
something okay show us whoa did you know
that if aunt Ellie wasn't pregnant I
would show you guys how I can do a
backflip off the swing set I would I
would do a backflip off the swing set
but Calvin would get hurt and that's not
smart huh you don't want to fall thank
you for hurry Lincoln thank you for
holding his hand so he doesn't fall off
I've got them right here to holding I'm
real tight you wanting to pull Jackson
in it has that Kody is that what you're
wanting to do okay well let me wait stop
I'll put Jackson in it you need a boy
you know wagging you so cute thanks Cody
for playing with them okay you have
another caboose
you guys you guys are the cutest wagon
babies wagon baby wagon baby wagon baby
wagon baby wagon baby dragon baby I have
a feeling that there is going to be
tears in like 2.5 seconds
someone's gonna start crying is this
okay all three of you Jackson use the
caboose don't fall out but this is
actually really heavy I think I'm going
to be done I'm pulling up
a-and downstairs coloring my aunt fluffs
hair and Elly's here for some moral
support and I just wanted to show you
how cute of an aunt Ellen is she has
been with the kids this whole time
playing on the swing set hanging out hi
just watching all the kids good girl
honey I just asked my mom if she and my
aunt felt up to having me and Jackson
come down again today but maybe spending
the night
I hate sleeping by myself so Jackson are
you ready are you off all seatbelt can
you guys even see him are you all
buckled in he has his blank that
Jackson's already has his blanket his
binky and he is already dozing off but
make the trip and let's go see grandma
when daddy is gone we shop yeah good
idea shopping huh
I have always loved shopping for my boys
but I do find it really frustrating when
I'm in the girls section and I see all
these like light pants that go with the
onesies and then I go in the boys
section and there is nothing that goes
with the onesies like nothing like you
have all the when Z's and you have like
sweatpants and maybe like shorts but you
don't have anything for those newborns
that are just like like the girls like
look the girls have like all of these
like tight just stretchy material for
them and I just I don't want to put my
brand new born in little shorts like
that she's not comfy to me personally so
it's really frustrating shopping for
boys I'd lied I did find some but
they're nothing like the girls material
it's just it's just different it's not
like the girls material that I like
better but like their flared at the fee
and so it doesn't really look good on
the legs this is just me being picky I
just don't really like what I find for
boys as far as pants go so do you guys
want to meet Kelvin no not baby Kelvin
but my uncle Calvin or Jackson's grandpa
because you look just like dad don't try
and put Jackson down and we'll see if he
grabs ya big
okay go go down he has been glued to
uncle Calvin and he looks just like dad
doesn't he look just like my dad this is
my dad's brother but this is uncle
Calvin and uncle Calvin is part of the
reason why we're naming our baby Calvin
so I hope that my Calvin is at is as
funny and attractive and witty and as
witty as you are so do you have any
advice for Calvin the only advice I'd
give him is to be kind caring and gentle
okay I'm not you that's a lie
but that is good advice thank you now
give you guys in on a secret and this is
how you should bathe your child you
should put your child in the biggest
luxurious bathtub ever and then sit at
the end of the tub and put your feet in
and soak your feet why have I never done
this he doesn't have a big bathtub how
come I've never done this at home we're
at Mom's house I'm begging Jackson and
he is just playing with his little
duckies but thank you guys so much for
watching the vlog today I really
appreciate it I'm going to put this boy
this crazy duck eating boy and his
brand-new jammies my little huge
those are huge when I saw him today I
was like those are way too big for him
nope
they fit him kind of crazy thank you
guys so much for watching I will see you
guys tomorrow goodbye goodbye to Mike
kisses mwah
look for Peter no it's a good one
so what'd you think I would you like
sighs disappoint next I'd like a
nonworking but it's just the demo versus
my actually I think it feels really good
good it looks good on you yes I guess I
think it's cute - well Jax is real
acting you can both the fish haha not
but the day I do Jared Wow does it feel
cool
I love all of the men in my life
and I am so happy Jared my dad my uncle
they drove seven hours today to finish
up their trip to Arizona packed up a
whole house a whole house and now
they're driving seven hours back all in
one day seven hours back they're going
to be in st. George at midnight and then
tomorrow morning they'll finish off the
rest of the drive which is like five
hours so I'm going to see Jared tomorrow
not tomorrow late night I'm so excited
I'm so grateful for the men in my life I
feel like all the men in my life are
such hard workers and I cannot wait to
see
