yeah hahahaha good morning I came just
in time didn't I like you know are you
just finishing up a Sarah good because
we gots to go
hi there just get in there morning
exercises
he's doing really good a walk away this
morning he woke up and he just like oh
no it was when I was going to the garage
I was putting something in the garage
and he stood up and he was like I got to
show you so I've got the camera he stood
up and he was just like he saw that I
was going outside you want to come too
and he's like just like water NASA's his
little body good we are waiting for an
appointment to try on the Apple watch
and you're just playing with one yeah
yeah why it's really cute yeah I'm
something that Jared was talking it
about to me on the way over was he is
because this is the what Jared used to
what we do this was his job and it's
been really fun because Jared's never
bought in a or purchase thoughts on work
Judah's never purchased a first
generation of anything
you know it's just timing hasn't been
the thing and he's never wanted to but
now it's like this is what you want so
happy birthday Jared cool thank you and
happy birthday much yes
did we get a little bit off the wall and
then I want to owe you - BAPS not on
here that's lame
I think I'm gonna like it especially
when i breastfeed I'll have a blow
breastfeeding off right here yeah and
then I can just push it push the
breastfeeding app left side baby is done
feeding baby side babies on feeding oh
no you need to feed your baby there's a
reminder I'll thin and tiny this MacBook
sorry this mattress is that one that we
would ever get to edit on no no this is
like a web like proud that I would say a
college fund
okay so not for us but it's really thin
yeah
but the cool thing is like in the back
of the trackpad the button right here so
I can click it and do the force touch
but when
that's a smart computer like smart it's
heated these computers are taking over
so looking at me laughing sin blogging
this is what we do we and that we
publish but little do they know we're
actually we're actually advertising this
is free advertisement Apple you're
welcome
so what do you think I would you like
that is disappointing except like it's
not working but it's just the demo
version
I actually I think it feels really good
good it looks good on you
yes like it I think it's cute good well
Jax is she relaxing he kicked in both of
his sheep is the hot you kicked your
shoes out bud say I do Jared Wow does it
feel cool it's very subtle but it's
there
Jonica a future Jared now I've got to
call someone hold on a second
oh look I'm waving to you oh my gosh
that's funny I like it do you like it
which one do you guys play yeah I would
get the nice one you do good that's what
I would do I tried on a few different
bands and the leather band just like
felt so cool and the steel wings man I
don't think I would ever get that but
they're just it feels really cool I'm
really excited it's it's fun you know
it's fun to think about it like we're
going to lush right now this is how you
feel going to lush yeah how this is how
you feel when I get makeup brushes yeah
exactly so we're doing my fun activity
and now we're doing Ellie's fun activity
butterball people have asked me what's
my favorite lush product it's the butter
balls oh are you gonna show much one
you're gonna get okay if I have to get
my favorite which is the butter ball but
also next is the
Matt Baume yeah the back on the lemon
duh how do I know that I got so fun is
quite of my next favorite then I was
telling the lady I want something that
it's not a bath bomb but it's going to
moisturize the water cuz I like the
butter balls because the water is so
moisturized and so I'm going to pick up
this mango bath mill that you just stick
in the tub and it melts this goes to
moisturize the water
hmmm no this is fun it's a cupcake I was
just going to say that looks like a
tasty cupcake I just got my nose it's
good back milk - so you put it in its
supposed to more shape water the kind of
blood this is my favorite school le was
just commenting about how pretty these
flowers are and then I saw Ellie and I
was like Oh Ellie you and those flowers
are so pretty you could be on a postcard
thank you
they are very pretty I like them it's
just a beautiful scenery out here and
it's a beautiful day it's nice and warm
the sun is shining and we tried on Apple
watches I don't think he can get any
better than this for the first time in
person
let's see if he actually really likes
grandpa Hey well that's very enticing
that's very great no you stand up yeah
ha he's gonna take your mouth closed
tape your hands together just stay away
from any trees or telephone poles
Jackson no no you you grab grab him if
you hold by his like collar and kind of
like Ally almost like a leash that
that'll help them so okay well well yeah
okay walk to Grandma are you good
oh yeah well guys I have some sad news
um I don't think we've ever really been
apart like this with our face with our
filming I'm leaving you for how many
days two days three days two days two or
three days guys I am going to be in
charge of the videos for the next two or
three days and I can edit fine but it's
like uploading and making sure like the
back part of it is working I
haven't quite done so if the videos get
up you have to give it a thumbs up
because it means I actually was able to
do it but jared is going with my dad and
my uncle and he is driving down to
Arizona and he is going to help pack my
aunt that is living with my mom that has
cancer that isn't doing very well they
are going to pack up her stuff to bring
the rest of it here to Utah and so Jared
feels really grateful that you're
actually able to do this and help out in
any other situation that we've ever been
in I would never be able to do this I'd
never be able to help out but because of
what we do I can help out like I can you
know yeah three days and help out so
it's I feel really blessed yeah I do too
but um we kind of sprung this on you
because we actually kind of just found
out about it really not all that long
ago we only have one computer and so we
can edit I can't so I can't I can't send
footage to her and she can't send
footage to me so that's what we're doing
right now we're what everyone's gonna
miss - I hope so
Jackson's gonna miss you I really hope
they miss me because you know I hope
you're not the only reason they watch
these videos no but I love you I love
you have fun driving thank you for
helping out you have lipstick on yours
okay as long as it's yours you and dad
are gonna play a car ride game just say
dad and I are gonna have a lot of fun in
the car if you know what I mean
board games funny stories I spy other
car ride things
what are you doing a road trip with my
daughter-in-law I'm just kidding
father-in-law squeeze your butt cheeks
and don't say no don't have fun
sweetheart I love you I love you you say
I'm gonna fix it okay you you who are
you scootch I guess that's to you and
Uncle David we got the party animals in
the back don't don't be the stinky one
dad up front okay guys have fun be safe
love you seen a few days whoa should we
ask grandma where she's taking us
grandma who see the neighbor's dog ha I
think I with the puppies yes
the neighbors dog had baby puppies and
my mom's taking care of them this
weekend and aunt Sonia is even with
the sand she's feeling up for a walk so
my beautiful aunt Sonia is here with my
mama and we're gonna go see some puppies
there's a doggy say hi puppy
Rosie hi come here puppies they're kind
of scared so we may not be able to get
close to him but kind of running away
come here hi hi puppy so just after
dinner mom took Jackson out and I've
been searching for Mom and Jackson what
are you doing where were you we were
hiding in a tree house did you guys go
all the way up there what did you do did
you like it oh yeah we gotta get his
feet on the wall though the feet on the
wall oh my gosh what is this MA what is
this I think Oh aren't those mom and dad
all of us built this treehouse a while
ago and this must be Sherry's all the
way down to little baby Eve's foot oh
that's all the grandkids hands and feet
Jax is up there too that would be so
cute mmm
well guys I'm gonna go ahead and end the
vlog for today I'm not gonna lie it's
going to be really different for me to
have to edit the videos and upload them
I'm really grateful that Jared knows how
and is talented and does all of the work
behind the blogs and something that I've
loved is Jared has been having a lot of
fun lately doing the montages and doing
daily videos sometimes can be tiring and
Jared has done something the past few
days that has made him feel better about
the daily videos it's something that he
wants to look back on and see these
little clips and montages and just see
some fun unique work that he has put
into the video so I kind of sad that
today's video isn't really going to have
any of that and because I know that he
wanted to do that today as well when we
went down to the shopping center but I'm
really grateful for Jared I'm really
grateful that he is willing to go help
my family though it's his family too and
you know this it's
rifice that he's doing and I'm really
grateful for him jared has the biggest
heart out of anyone I know and I'm
really grateful for him so let's stick
together friends for the next few days
it's just me and you guys so we will see
you guys tomorrow
good bye
