good morning guys I thought it'd be fun
if you came on a little adventure with
me if you remember from yesterday's vlog
we had a little issue at our safety and
emissions inspection well I am on a
journey to make sure that that issue
gets fixed we've got to fix the torque
mount and our wheel bearing is having
some issues too so I am going to make
mechanic my office for today because we
only have one car and that's what I'm
going to do so we're going to get some
work done at the auto shop and you guys
are going to come along for the ride
Oh alrighty then I just dropped the car
off at the mechanic and I had to make a
quick stop to grab all the essentials
that I need for the day today because
I'm making the mechanic shop my office
so I grabbed a breakfast burrito and a
drink you know and hold me over until
the mechanic is all done making sure
that the car is in tip-top shape I'm
kind of interested to see how this is
going to work because they just fixed
the wheel bearing not too long ago and
I'm just wondering I wonder if it's the
same wheel bearing that is causing the
issue or if it's a different one and I'm
like crap we might have to get all of
these replaced it just adds up you know
but like I said yesterday it's a good
thing we have a bunch of set aside with
these things I'm excited eat this
breakfast burrito because I'm home right
inch by inch you can do it
whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa Jackson you're
cruising yeah well that one a heck of a
lot faster than I anticipated like an
hour too faster
so I already went to the other place I
got the inspection and safety done and
now I've got to go to the DMV everyone's
favorite place in the entire world
pretty sure I just broke world record I
was in the DMV for two minutes
I didn't even have to wait in line and
the person was the fastest ever I like I
feel like I could tackle the world now I
feel like I could do anything
two minutes at the DMV jared is getting
Jackson up from his nap and they are so
cute can you hear them talking dish is
cute Jackson and Jared are talking
Jarrod's getting Jackson up from his nap
but I just thought that was so cute I
just finished reheating up our
tortellini I've got my meat I've got
some stuff because I'm making tacos and
Jackson's kind of been funny I think
with his teeth lately and eating so I'm
going to see if he'll eat this I just
have some sweet potatoes and a little
bit of everything we'll see if he eats
Oh sometimes he surprises me it's a
success you surprised me you're eating
it I love you you better upstairs oh I
love you yeah your kid I love you yeah
he actually likes this I put like a
bunch of sweet potatoes a little bit of
corn and a little wrap and he's actually
doing pretty well good job son
I love you love you hmm I love you okay
Jackson Rooney are you ready to get down
and dirty in that water are you ready to
swim laps across the Olympic size pool
are you ready to go scuba diving yes you
are
then let's get ready and rocket
you
we are just on our way home from
swimming lessons it is 6:30 and so we
were to go home and get ready for bed
but before I end the vlog I wanted to
say that Jackson today to me has changed
so much like he just seems like such a
big boy and everything that he's been
doing don't you he's been walking more
today he's been playing on vocalizing a
lot talking a lot more and he loves to
unless UNS say much more than yesterday
eased into it he didn't like it at first
yeah Benny at the end like he was
jumping and like crazy
yeah he was loving jumping in but it
just was a really fun day today for us
parents you know but I'm gonna go ahead
and end the vlog tomorrow is a big day
and we'll talk about that all tomorrow
but tomorrow is a really big day so we
will see you guys tomorrow
quick question what are you pre-ordering
the Apple watch Oh
hey Jackson where's my nose nose yeah hi
hey where's Mama's nose where's mommy's
nose hey over here
guessin look at mama I think this is a
testament he loves me more eyelashes
look son look look wait wait where's the
eyes huh I love you
