le you know what I was thinking I was
thinking you know who we haven't heard
from in a while
our baby Kelvin day
don't talk to me about bad eyebrow days
I we have not heard from baby come on
let's go see if he'll say hi let's go
see if he'll talk to us say hi say hi to
the baby hey you know what he was going
crazy last night wasn't he he fell he
was like moving like crazy the baby was
just like you could see the belly just
like it was yeah it's fine
hey let's go hear the heartbeat
Jackson what are they doing to mama
they do weird what is that it's taped is
a very tight understand it's like I'm
not interested anymore I just want to
get down
so you've gained four pounds and they
asked if your swelling are you and I
said I don't know I said yeah I'm
pregnant
yeah I mean I feel like I'd done better
this pregnancy than I do the Jacksons
work so yeah I think that end user you
love having the fruit in your water yeah
this kid will not stay on my own hey
buddy hard taking him out of the toy
room oh yes he did it was so funny
he stopped Oh he knows what fun is yeah
you know like baby brother's coming
Jack's out where the heart beat is yeah
so hey we're trying to yeah feels like
the heads already can't probably feeling
it yeah I feel lots of pressure
it's Raymond it's for couldn't get up in
the morning april showers bring May
flowers oh my gosh it's April birthday
month we're gonna party like it's 1999
oh I guess we have got to and I stare
but we have to go to multiple yeah it's
our birthday month
I know Joel I almost had a mini heart
attack you were saying goodbye when we
were pulling up and I was like don't go
to work I just got here I just like to
wear my work attire because it's
comfortable it's comfortable so we need
to go have some buns we need to go get
some buns Kay you take the camera and
take the kids okay Jackson was saying hi
before I made an extra sloppy for you I
know how much you kids are like I'm
sorry can you name that movie
Matilda no Ellie this is like this is
like slowpitch softball I am throwing
the ball right over the plate it's an
easy 30 miles an hour this is a grand
slam home run if you can hit it Bobby
Jones
we just got home from the appointment we
had some great lunch Jackson is taking
an amazing nap and I credit all to my
amazing blinds that I put up Ellie is
resting and I thought you know Jared I
think it's time you play a video game
it's raining it's kind of an inside day
yeah so I'm gonna play a video game have
you ever heard of those like toy action
figures that you have where you put it
on the console and then that toy comes
to life in the video game you can like
actually play the toy I don't know but
is there Batman cuz if there's not
Batman then I'm not playing really you
have a crush on Batman will get 2010 but
I just heard that they're coming out
with a new Lego game called Lego
dimensions and it's sweet because like
it's a mash-up of all of the different
Lego games like there's Lord of the
Rings back to the future Batman Superman
from DC Comics are in there it comes out
September 27th in fact I'll have a
trailer right here I'll put up the
trailer to it but I just think it's so
cool because like that's like her
childhood that's it's it's cool and I
guess there's a lot of different ways
you can customize the gameplay and
they're gonna have different expansion
packs for it so it's just like oh my
gosh I'm so excited cuz that's like my
childhood you know I'm I want to get
that you've been getting a lot of
childhood games cuz it's like but I like
it I like
I like it better than some of the the
ones that have lots of swearing and I
don't like those ones I just think it's
a really cool fun family from the game
that everyone can enjoy so if you want
to check it out I'll have a link to it
down below well the little guy's awake
and he's doing his little bear crawl but
now that come here but I come here oh he
doesn't want to see me huh oh good job
well now that he's awake we've got to do
parent ole things we've got to do you
know our errands so back to reality hope
that goes gravity oh she's so mad at me
don't but you're pretty bit about what
what do you do it are you gonna come
with us we've got to get the car we've
got to do safety and emissions we've got
to get the car registered with Jackson
not these old couples while they are
very attractive we want to put a picture
of someone that we actually know inside
of there so that's on the agenda let's
go have some fun getting the car
inspected
I don't know I guess I just felt
blindsided why did I was shocked it was
crazy I I did not see that coming I
didn't expect it at all how did you feel
when we got rejected I thought of you
all the heck with me not yet not okay
our car got rejected we did not have
safety and emissions can you believe
that oh my gosh we have to fix the
torque mount on the engine block I think
is a lot of this but we have to get that
fixed and that's gonna be a pretty penny
video the next don't you think yes and
that's just it and this is just here's
another Testament okay I'm gonna go and
preach mouth here for a second I am
grateful for life lessons like this I'm
grateful that we don't have a car
payment like we we own our car that when
things like this happen we have a budget
set aside for car things like this like
it's just like we're not even worried
about it because we are prepared if you
are prepared he shall not fear he got
the animal crackers he has been using
those all day today huh huh Oh what was
it this morning
I may have left some Girl Scout cookies
out from last night when we were
watching better call Saul and he found
him this morning
is that right they are precious cookies
because they're for a little bit of time
only you can only get so many how many
boxes do we have left 16 I think that'll
do I'm just kidding me to have that many
but that's the news guys our car did not
pass safety and emission so we've got to
get that fixed tomorrow and we've got a
couple weeks until we really have to but
we want to be ahead of the game well
what are we having for dinner veggies
and we're
the tortellini cool mm-hmm what we're
gonna eat dinner thanks so much for
watching guys have a wonderful evening
and we'll see you tomorrow Oh swimming
lessons tomorrow Jackson your subscibers
swimming lesson yeah
okay let's hold hands so we can pray now
it's time to sit and pray
take off your hat at the table okay
Jackson you say the prayer say Heavenly
Father he's like no blesses food amen
