good morning guys it feels so good to
wake up in my own house today as much
fun as we had on our vacation it did
feel good to sleep in my own bed but
Jarrod just got our daily video up and
he got monetized video app that we made
'evil schemers and a lot of you guys
have asked me to do a video on that but
I really wanted to wait until I was with
Jared's mom because she is the one that
introduced it to me and my family and
something interesting Jackson took two
naps every day for almost two hours each
at Jared's parents house and he is
refusing his morning nap now that he is
here and he refused his naps and before
we even left and I think it's because
his room is light I mean he's always
been a good Napper but I think that it
just helped being in a dark room at
Jared's parents house but when Jackson
gets really mad he spits and I can hear
him in there
spitting because he's really mad he
wants me to come get him and he's like
spitting are you spitting are you
spitting oh I knew that's what you're
doing you're mad you're mad that I
didn't come get yes yeah I know now I'm
here you let me get you out get you out
okay okay let's get him out no more spit
in mmm no more spitting hey you'd be a
happy boy I know it be happy cuz you
have to nap hey I know next now you'll
nap right say okay mm-hmm okay
high-five it's that time of month again
where we've got to get our products for
our butts our butt products if you will
dependence I go on a buck depends for
you where the where are they Jackson and
Calvin are getting their their monthly
diapers Jackson is still a size five not
six Ellie and I'm going to grab a box
diapers for count
I have newborn size one and I'm going to
grab a size two yep there we go sighs -
right there
sighs - I cannot believe that I'm
stocking up on diapers we're gonna have
this baby and how many weeks Jared Jared
how many weeks my oh yeah you found your
but product yes I would wanna I would
love that
um tomorrow is my 32 week doctor
appointment and I'm very excited to go
to it so kind of fun kind of crazy that
we're getting diapers all stocked up and
all ready to go
I feel so motivated so inspired I think
I can get up and walk I'm doing it Ali
that's as far as it'll go in the
vibrates oh yeah it's a massaging chair
trick oh we should I should tell him the
story about my calf today I don't you
probably really can't notice on camera
but I've been kind of like limping on
this leg a little bit my calf last night
I woke up in the middle then I I've been
having like muscle spasms like charley
horses in my calves and I woke up last
night and I threw my leg in the air and
I was just like I can't take this like
it was all cramp all my toes were like
my life was just tight and like right
now my my muscles they're all very tight
like they need to be rubbed they need
will die because when we got married we
stayed in my parents house for Christmas
there was nothing like that but it was
still funny yeah she woke up in the
middle of the night and her legs just
went straight in the air and she's like
dead like dead like dead like and I was
gonna say it this morning but I didn't
you were a lot of pain it was bad it was
bad I was like trying to be quiet cuz
Jax's was asleep but I was like in tears
like I was like my foot might it won't
stop spasming it was really the muscle I
felt the muscle and it was tight it was
very tight to his crazy we have a
problem
Jackson took some of it
snaps at Grandma and Grandpa's house
that's not the problem
the problem is he's not taking very good
naps here at home I think it's because
in the basement at Grandma grandma's
house it was dark and so we're here at
the store I'm looking for some blackout
curtains that we can put up in his room
to help darken the room and everything
like that so that I think will be a
solution to the problem that we
currently have and other unrelated news
I'm looking for a grill and there's some
over here but I have no idea what kind
of should get what do you guys think
okay I'll wait what are you guys doing
why are you guys in your swimsuits
because we're going to mommy and me
swimming cozy
Oh swimming lessons he just woke up
laughs laughs look at that bit head
Jackson are you ready to go in the pool
and swim like a fool are you ready I
think your friend Noah will be there Oh
Noah swimmin with Noah that's a person
that's a good person to swim with he
built an ark yes you did he knows how to
swim in the water yeah I'm excited
that'll be good
you
well Jack Attack did you have a good day
at your very first swim lesson huh I
think he had fun I think he did not like
being on his back no I think that is
something that we need to work on and
that is why we have swim class so we can
work on those things right bud yeah say
hi dad
I enjoyed this nug lien oh he was on you
like a leech wasn't he yes Oh cute
little guy we're very cute it was fun
for me good well I'm glad so that's
something that you get to do twice a
week right yeah so we'll probably have
to get the GoPro in there maybe happy
fun I'm right totally
okay well Ellie I think I think this is
now as good as ever to say goodbye to
our friends and family and those who are
watching this video right now family
Jackson do something funny and cute well
say doing like Oh King blow go Oh
burping is one way to do that okay thank
you guys so much for watching I hope
that you guys enjoyed jackson's swim
time we sure did and we'll see you
tomorrow good bye right to the face
