I think we're gonna go home now
we love you guys
good morning everybody we made our first
pit stop today and I patellar jarred
that's right I'm gonna miss all these
beautiful trees just like that
it is gorgeous around here it's like we
live in the forest I love it but as we
are making our first stop to use the
restroom I have to tell you guys about
my dream first I think I had the dream
cuz last night before I was going to bed
I told Jared I was like I feel so
claustrophobic my stomach is so tight
like I just was so uncomfortable and I
just was thinking about the Calvin a lot
at my belly and I went to bed and I had
a dream that I had Calvin and he was so
cute he looked a lot like Jackson but a
little different and it seemed she was
like my baby and I had a dream that I
had him I had a really fast
and then I didn't have him with me and
there was a YouTube convention that I
had to free and be at wait wait wait you
had a dream that you were in a you had a
baby and a YouTube convention not at the
like I had the baby and then I was
rushed to the convention I had to go see
everyone and then Jared brought the baby
and was letting everybody hold hold it
and I was like Jared like people need to
wash their hands he's brand new I don't
know how I feel about this and then
everybody was getting mad at me because
they thought I was being rooks I wasn't
letting anyone touch the baby like I
think even some of our friends were in
the video I don't it was such a blur but
I remember they were familiar faces and
I was like I don't want anyone holding
the baby weird huh that's crazy I just
think that's crazy it's funny like what
you know cause like dreams I think you
know are some things that you're just
like thinking about at that time yeah
dreams are just like I think that's
something that you think about like
throughout the day and they're just you
know thoughts that you have and I'm sure
you're thinking about like all the
different YouTube conventions that we
could possibly go to yeah especially
Calvin it's just like mashup dream
mashup yeah I think it's so funny but
crazy okay let's get on the road
once again I have to give myself up
Jackson once again complete lesson
lesson let's listen mama serger Jackson
wasn't high
you want to snuggle your blankie put
your head on it put your head on your
blanket oh he's always snuggled his
blanket like that
he put the blanket on it
it reminds me of my sister Jennifer she
would do that with her she would I think
it was these two fingers shoot and then
cover up that's funny
when you're in the car for ten hours you
have a lot of time to think and talk
into talk and think and that's what
Ellie and I have been doing in fact like
the past week that's like what we've
been doing is thinking about just our
past our history and where we've started
from where we've gone where we're going
and where we are right now and we were
just talking about how our how different
our lives would be if the first plan
that we had panned out or you know or
something like that like if I went to
physical therapy school how different
would our lives be right now and I just
I'm grateful for unanswered prayers you
know sometimes the best
things happen from unanswered prayers
and if you balling these different life
adventures that you know your blissful
right hip it's just like now I realize
that maybe physical therapy wasn't the
what I should have done you know yeah
it's cool to be able to look back on
that me like yeah I'm glad I'm doing
what I am right now and the books that I
was reading over this week
this one right here there were our trip
nation roadmap it's it's a really cool
book because it kind of gives that that
focus like you know do what you love and
you know find a way to do that and that
book helps you do that in my opinion
it's just one of the jobs I had really
focused on a work-life balance have a
great work-life balance that you'll be
happy and everything and the way they
were today was just like well there's
they're not connected and it's it
doesn't feel right it didn't feel good
to have a good work-life balance and
into what in the very first chapter of
the book they talked about instead of a
work-life balance you should have a
meaning
work life I was just like yeah you
should you should be fulfilled by the
work that you do and then I feel that
was what Ellie and I are doing right now
and I didn't feel that that's the other
place I was you know I just felt like
this book will help a lot of people come
to an understanding of what they should
do and if you're interested I'll have a
link down below you can pre-order it and
if you preorder it you actually get a
cool poster I'll have the poster list
right here it's a really great quote
from the book I really enjoyed it and I
love books that like help you think
outside the box and help you motivate
yourself and others around you then it's
just made me feel good and I liked it
over the book interviews hundreds of
different people who you know famous
people who have started and and figured
out what they wanted to do made
something and like one of my favorite
people Ira Glass who started this
American life like he's in the book and
it just talks about like you can do
these awesome things you can do what you
want you can do what you love it's just
a matter of
Jared and I are going home from our
little trip and we're wanting to go home
with a little kick in our step or a
little I'm a little I'm to our age we
want to be a little bit more motivated
now that we've had like this
rejuvenating feed with family and
amazing time that we've had to listen to
you know some church advice that we
listen to over the weekends and you know
- it's almost June it's six more months
come in June it'll be Christmas time
goals again New Year's resolutions and
it's like we want to look back on our
goals we want to be better we want to
look back at those
refocus on what's important in life
this is something that we are so
grateful for I'm so grateful that we had
the opportunity to stay up on the dad's
house for an extra few days like Jared
was saying all week he goes I could not
do this like I could not just up and say
yeah let's stay two more days but like
with the position that we're now we feel
very grateful we feel grateful every day
don't know for sure and the thing about
it is not only do we feel fulfilled but
I I want to say I think we can help
other people out to at least that's what
I want well and I you guys thank you for
expressing that because we do see it and
we're grateful for that as well
Road Trip chick ha
how do you feel hon you you look good
Jackson was a champ I can't believe how
good Jackson was he didn't cry even
complain I gosh I think we complain
words Mimi I always but he's just happy
to be home
no probably one of the most important
things that we're gonna do today I am so
excited we have been waiting for this
let's go to bed Oh
for so long oh I'm sorry she's here it
finally was finally came I'm sure it's
been here for a while but we finally got
it we're gonna open this up this is our
merch okay let's go open up I'm really
really kind of nervous to see the coral
shade because every Lighting has been
different
yeah oh that one's yours this is my I
got a red one oh it feels good it feels
like it wasn't oh so soft
well and it feels stretchy like not to
cut anywhere that's better that's better
than I thought everyone that we've seen
is look more than coral but this is not
as poorly as I thought it was gonna be
fun I am happy that looks good this
looks really good I hope that they fit
cute like I'm wasting any time putting
this on right now it's a million degrees
in there but wait where's my head
where's daddy's head oh wow this is like
I feel the inside well it looks like it
has a good stretch to Oh fun
oh yes a good stretch it's so soft and
it's not too thick but it's soft and
warm I can tell good I was thinking
maybe I should have gotten the black one
but I think the red one's nice and
bright I think yeah yeah I love it
yeah
okay here try yours on did they have
extra smell no I think just small small
there you go I think looks good yeah
it's super long it's perfect yeah it
looks great I think it's really nice
it's cute Kelly I think you're really
gonna like it
I'm happy with the car I was really
nursing some of the treats I was like
they're kind of orange but must have
been lighting yeah this is definitely a
better quarrel than I thought Oh guys oh
my gosh thank you to everyone who has
supported us on this awesome campaign we
are so excited and thrilled that this is
like finally here we can touch it with
our hands and feel it and experience
what everyone's been talking about if
you're watching this when we upload it
there's probably 10 hours left to get
these unless they relaunch it again if
there's enough people who want these now
they will relaunch the campaign boom get
them while they're hot because these are
so awesome way to do that one more time
someone make a gif of that and tweet it
to me oh it's so good to be home holy
cow I cannot tell you how good it feels
to be home to be in our own house I love
you mom and dad I love coming to visit
but there's just something about being
home where you feel I sent out a tweet
today I said home is where the pants
aren't home is where the Wi-Fi connects
automatically home is where the heart is
and your heart beats in your chest name
that show um guys thanks so much for
watching thanks so much for tuning in
today I am going to end the vlog right
now I'm going to edit the video that
you're watching right right this very
second and then I have a video that I'm
going to edit it's gonna go up on
Ellie's channel tomorrow it's all about
mom it's all about Ellie it's all about
cooking yeah that's right we've got a
what's an Ellie's belly coming your way
on Ellie's channel I'll have a link to
it down below thanks for watching guys
have a wonderful day and we'll see you
tomorrow bye
