hey Ellie can you come downstairs for a
second I need to show you something on
the computer what is that a sister is 50
where did you go just now London it is
so funny Ellie has been asking for a
sifter ever since we filmed a certain
video oh that's cute whoa wait what's
inside
Oh Twix bars cuz those are the best kind
of hard to sift
I'll DM or you how about that okay that
is so cute yeah happy easter everyone
Oh
can you catch it catch the tail catch it
you can't catch it fast enough all she
left before we go home we want to make
sure that we get a really really nice
picture with grandma grandpa and Jackson
and what a better backdrop than the
blooming tree and look how cute
Jackson's stuff already
just Darren his eyebrows are like glued
up that's so funny
so I'll try and get a good little
picture with them
who likes Ice Age pinecones
hey Jen hey hey feeling like you're in
my bubble and the macro and this is
amazing let me look at your eyeballs
holy cow look at the dilation right
there ladies dilation
yeah your pupils strawberry as I eat it
let's get that in slow motion in fact
let's do that again in 60 frames per
second I'm totally serious let's do it
again in 60 per second
wouldn't be so bad am I dropped at all
that's precious meat do you think you
think you could do that oh I could
totally do that I'm really excited to
put those in my mouth and really
masticate know I'm that like do you
think you can do that with our oven oh
well we don't have a Trager so we
wouldn't be able to smoke so I think
maybe we should get a grill in 10 - wink
wink flashlight
that way we can like do ribs and burgers
over time this summer steak all the
steak that we'll have this summer if we
had a grill Oh does that mean the wind
Calvin's born you are going to put oh
yeah if I if I have a grill you better
believe I'm gonna be cooking on that
thing okay I'm just gonna take I'm gonna
take a succulent Pig I'm just gonna
stick it right in the grill and it's
gonna turn me so good take you up on the
offer I'm just gonna so what's the
verdict on the ribs guys good I don't
know I think you should ask Jackson
Jackson what's the verdict on the ribs
holy cow
you suck that bone dry holy cow you're a
vacuum a clean machine I think we've
been given it bricks food because he's
popping four teeth right now he is not
happy god that bone that's so funny
Jennifer do you remember when the Easter
Bunny would come and visit us yeah I
remember it we would try and set up a
trap do you remember what day the Easter
Bunny would come and visit us
oh man see yeah he gets it I I thought
that the Easter Bunny came to us on
Sunday but I must have just been
mistaken the reason why the Easter Bunny
comes on Saturday at our house instead
of Sunday it's because Sunday we want to
make sure and we celebrate the real
reason of Easter Sunday and that's to
celebrate Jesus Christ our Savior and
his resurrection and so that's kind of
what we've been focusing on today and
thinking about today and I think it's
been pretty cool because we've had our
church's general conference where we are
able to sit and listen to all of these
wonderful talks and feel uplifted and
feel great and it's just it gives you
like an extra motivation to go
throughout your daily life through the
next six months you know until they we
talk again and in October but what I
want to do is kind of like yesterday
what has been your favorite part of
Easter Sunday or General Conference okay
so this morning session was just very
inspirational
I thought starting with the choir
singing consider the lilies that was
just amazing you you have another
musical favorite from yesterday too so
you you like the music this weekend huh
yeah you just want to be a better person
you just want to reach out and help
everyone and and be christ-like yep Jen
I see you pulled out a notebook you must
have some a lot of favorites I do I do
but I was trying to think of the guy's
name it was like Jose Canseco no I don't
know baseball of course I know that
that's that's the joke no he talks about
social media and my favorite thing that
he said is that life is not confined to
a four-inch screen you're talking about
our phones everyone's just like so
involved in their phone so if you're
watching le nerds vlogs make sure you do
on a computer
four-inch screen that's not trying to
sell or don't do it during church thing
about this Easter Sunday was definitely
having our little baby it's just been
really special to kind of have a
different perspective of life yeah just
knowing that you can be together after
this life we will arise again and that's
just really that's great Thank You Kelly
mine kind of goes along with Jen's topic
but I think my favorite part was when
they were trying to encourage us to set
down electronics or anything that takes
away from family and they just
recommended to have good quality time I
think that hit home with me because Mia
dread we have a lot of fun doing all of
this stuff but it literally consists of
our whole day so sometimes we have a
hard time remembering to like set
everything down and just like be us as a
family so I am excited to try and focus
on that yeah and that's kind of the same
thing that I was thinking of is one of
the takeaways from the weekend is really
to focus on families and good quality
time together as a family and that's one
thing I think we should make as a goal
is spend more good time together because
we all were always together but we want
to spend quality time together as a
family with this guy are you okay with
that can you agree with those terms and
conditions are you gonna be okay if we
hang out with you you're not yeah yeah
you're not gonna be embarrassed by us
oh oh is he gonna embarrass us is that
what's gonna happen oh yeah
no matter what your beliefs are the fact
of the matter is you if you can lift
yourself and help others lift themselves
and be better people I think that's
really one of the biggest take
as we all can do a little bit better and
that's my challenge to you guys is see
what you can do every single day to be
it a little bit better than you were
yesterday
hello I call your cousins you shot
talking on your cell phone
well we're getting Jackson ready for bed
and we're planning on leaving super
early in the morning so this might be
the last time you see Jackson for a
while why
and then Calvin will be here yeah so now
is the time to say goodbye to all our
family and I see see you real soon
ky why because really like you hi buddy
love you kisses
can I have a kiss work yeah thanks for
watching the vlog today I hope you guys
have a wonderful evening and I hope you
had a good Easter Sunday and we'll see
you guys on our big road trip that we're
taking tomorrow do we get snacks yeah
bye is the car filled with gas yep okay
see you guys tomorrow bye bye say hi
Calvin
