ah Cusco on a Saturday morning I can't
think of a better place to be you know
that's right sample Saturday what's
doing every lunch you know that's right
I love samples off a sample Saturday is
probably the best day of the entire week
Costco thank you for being awesome
okay Jackson
these are high-definition televisions
they are the source of pure enjoyment
and happiness so what do you think bud
I'm totally kidding oh look at you damn
 our day John jelly bean you have to
take part in America's favorite holiday
sample Saturday or drop by there ya go
just don't give him the green one there
Oh a sour sour apple oh I cannot find
where she is Marco Marco we lost mom
she's a whole reason why we're here and
my mom Margo mom mom where are you where
are you hello
okay that's what she's not even on any
tension she's just like I'm gonna play
hide and seek and I'm the best
hide-and-seek player in the world oh you
know what she might up be in those of my
houses don't mind a fondue toast a
cheese sandwich do you want to try it
bud is it hot it's pretty warm let's
cool it down first
your mama wolf oh that's too hot for you
it's too hot for the baby
parents need to eat that's right yeah no
cooled off all good we found you holy
cow Ellie and I were yelling Marco Polo
like crazy and no one was even saying
polo not even you that's what I didn't
hear you but I can't believe
he does the thing I'm sure is no one
said polo not even the people that
weren't playing said :
don't you know that someone says Marco
you say - you say polo oh my goodness
pineapple oh yeah I wanted to be extra
nice to wrinkles by the way take off the
shirt now for my chin wrinkles is a good
dog
and I figured I should share some of my
state my delicious steak with my dog are
you sure so did my heart like she's
so--we dink a song we grew up with his
long ways here I see it should be soft
that is why prairies I'll give it to her
sir good girl
ha ha ha she goes she goes really quick
but she does not get you she was she
okay son I want you to look over there
on the horizon you see all those people
there they're cheering you on they want
you to walk they believe in you son now
here's what I want you to do I want you
to go over that horizon and I want you
to walk all right let's do it
there's people believing in you let's go
let's go let's go let's go let's go
let's go let's go this way I knew you
could do it Jackson I know you can do it
I knew you could do it oh he has been
walking so much in the house I love it
actually not at grandma's but if we got
if we went to the hospital or Jenn he
did really good good job good job he
just wants to crawl and playing that
dirt over there whoa it feels good to be
outside and smell the fresh air and
watch Jackson go crawl towards the dirt
to break in his pants even more than
they already are we have been watching
conference all day our church on
broadcasts talks on on TV and so we all
sit around the TV and watch conference
all day I feel like he's so cute
and that's what we've been doing today
is it's been a really nice refreshing
rejuvenating relaxing day just good
uplifting messages that make you feel
good yeah lots of lots of talks about
family and the importance of it and the
importance of unity I love it
I love seeing Jared with our son he's so
cute he's so cute he looks just like
grandpa and that's my grandpa you saying
he's so good-looking is because he was
just like rabbi but yeah that boys the
best good-looking kid
ever seen school cuz it looks like you
of course you're gonna say that
hmm I know your tricks grandpa I know
your tricks grandpa I'm coming for you
I'm gonna get you I'm gonna get you I'm
gonna get you
he seems shaking his head oh I love that
he knows that we're playing you know
like he's just like oh no they're gonna
give you I've gotta crawl away faster
and faster so they don't get me I don't
want them to get me so they feed me food
and give me healthy snacks and take care
of me and put a roof over my head I
don't want that to happen so I'm gonna
run away he's he's saying now look at
you look at you you did upget let's go
get dad let's go keep his cookie boy
this cookie yes he does not want me to
be around to him in serious time it's
serious so stand them up and then take a
few steps back look look it's serious
time you'd be serious then you you come
here hey come here yo guys check I said
no hahaha he's making the detour he's
gone around you yeah he said no oh what
a cute kid no I'm just cooking up
Jackson some dinner and I look over and
Jared's over here crafting and I'm like
what is he doing what can I had to do a
double take I just did a double take on
what you're doing well if we if we get
the Apple watch I want to make sure we
pick the right size cuz there's two
sizes so I have constructed this so you
can put on your wrist
you're the cutest own yes you know I'm
not I think you're freaking heal here
give me your wrist
one thing I know how good that looks on
you it's so cute one thing I've told
Jared is for how tech techie you are
yeah I feel like Jared has always been
fairly conservative with his crutch
assistive Kentucky he really is because
without that
several jobs that have been in the tech
field and I remember when the iPad came
out oh how you left it over the iPad
five years ago yesterday five years ago
and we didn't get an iPad until last
year and so honestly like he wants like
this is what you want huh I think it'd
be a lot of fun I think it would be help
us to not be on our phones as much
well that sounds silly saying that but
that's that's kind of the point I think
it's what you do don't you
why are you so cute I almost want to
spare yourself hey Siri tell my wife
she's beautiful huh thanks Siri tell a
husband that I just think he is like a
four-year-old but it's so cute what I
love it wait do I feel my heartbeat huh
yeah do you feel that that's my
heartbeat Ellie I have to go watch the
priests obsession okay I have to go
watch conference you're crafting your
over your crafting
I wish you guys could smell what's
cooking in here oh man that trigger look
at that smoke coming out is there
anything left in here dad there's
nothing left dad took it all out but
let's just get a quick little whiff oh
yeah mm-hmm what's on the menu tonight
dad um some brats rats we're gonna eat
some brats and I'll show you what we're
talking about when we sum rats they're
right over here we just pulled them off
the trigger whoa look at that succulent
goodness oh my gosh what does it coin
say watch it sizzle make it curl that's
what he says
oh man have mercy well I do say those
were some of the best hotdogs I have
ever had the only thing that could have
been better I'll tell you dad I think I
know is some Jay dogs some Jay dog says
special sauce from Jay dogs if you guys
have ever been in Utah and gone to Jay
dogs for their hot dogs oh so good you
need to go try it that would probably be
one of my top recommendations V visit
Utah is go get a hot dog from Jay docs
oh my god polished a polish dog and you
can buy the sauce and take it home with
you yes we did and we had some for a
long time but we ate it I'll call him
well I think that wraps up the day we
had a really good day today here's what
I want to do I want to go around the
table here with the few amount of people
that we have I want you to sum up the
day how you felt the day was conference
and everything in one or few his word
possible possible um I think master The
Tempest is raging as he closing him was
a very stunning yeah it was great mom
just wonderful le commitment commitment
that's good I'm gonna say family focus
that's what I'm gonna say goodnight mm
yeah thanks thanks Happy Easter
yes go ahead say that again Happy Easter
we do celebrate Easter we are very
thankful for our Lord and Savior and
that at his resurrection I have a
wonderful weekend guys thanks so much
for watching and we'll see you guys
tomorrow
happy Easter happy Easter bye
member
