today's vlog is gonna be a little bit
different today we're gonna go someplace
very special to us
you want to come let's go
this is Manito Park more specifically
behind us is the dunking gardens this
place is very important to us because
this is where I actually proposed to
Helle
try something eyeteeth take two
this is Manito Park this more
specifically is the Duncan gardens in
Manito Park this is very special to us
because I proposed to my wife right here
Ellie that's a very park in fact at that
very gazebo that we're about to go see
yes fine that day jared took me we
started off right here and we walked
down this and we slowly made our way and
we talked about how much we loved each
other we talked about our goals in life
we talked about how many kids we wanted
we just talked about our future we
walked all the way down there around
took pictures and then at the very end
Jared popped the question
here in the spring and summer this is
filled laced with beautiful flowers and
the scene is perfect ladies and
gentlemen if you want to propose to your
wife or your spouse or significant other
this is the place to do it because it is
beautiful sometimes I am known to say
words wrong sometimes I'm known to make
words up but that is why I am le and
therefore it will never change if you
look up le in the dictionary it says
beautiful girl who makes up our own
words and sometimes pronounces word
incorrectly but nonetheless beautiful if
I want to say I had bought in some shoes
I'm gonna say it if I say let's go take
a picture at the Kazee bow well it's a
Kazee bow right it's a cozy bow if I
want to say I'm gonna do not chop
someone it it's judo it's judo but in my
head it's always been Gino so that was
me folks I said let's go take a picture
at the kizhi bo and Jared said you mean
make you want to take a picture at the
gazebo gazebo because there are no kissy
bows here this right here is the gazebo
in which I proposed to Ellie six years
ago in August can you believe that six
years ago that's crazy it's it's funny
how time flies and now we're here with
our two kids yeah it's not funny two
kids I'm like ass
hey let's recreate that image
it's cool to be able to sit back and
reflect on all the life choices and the
decisions and the things that have
happened to us since we made this
commitment since I pop the question it's
it's funny looking back I would have
never thought we would be in the
position we're in right now six years
ago and six years isn't that long that's
really not but it is the same time like
six years is in the big scheme of things
six years is very short but six years of
marriage is a long time but it's I think
it's nice and I think it's very good for
us to have these moments where we can
sit back and think and reflect and say
you know we're doing good
well it's good to sit back and think of
our goals and why why we got married
why like what were our goals then and
what are they now it's just it makes me
grateful to be here with my family I
never knew my one-year-old would be here
right now eating dirt yeah we don't even
care because he's a Q I love you I love
you
look at that it's a peacock um do you
see that yes
uh that's a turkey oh my god oh my god
you see no yeah act like slow down
really fast that was a wild turkey that
was a wild Turk you know it was a wild
ride I'm this crazy Road anyway what I
was going to say is immediately after I
proposed to Ellie we went to a very nice
restaurant and that's exactly where
we're gonna do right now we're gonna go
to a place called the Davenport Hotel it
is probably the nicest hotel in Spokane
there's a really nice restaurant there
and I'm gonna take my sweet wife and my
little boy and our soon to be cooking in
the oven boy there I'm excited this is
our I wanted to have a good date while
we were here in Spokane and today is our
date
I could be doing this totally wrong I'm
fat I'm sure people are but I'm doing it
this way that works for me so much thank
you for taking me here
it's my first prom
good we have what could possibly be
worst-smelling forever this is two
diapers in like oh my gosh we've gotta
find a garbage we cannot take that home
with us we've got to find a garbage and
outside garbage we can't I can't put
this it's so bad okay here we go
well well well Ellie and I just got home
and we got home to some incredible news
are you are you excited let's turn
around here so the lights better you
guys we just hit 200,000 I can't wrap my
head around it
I told Jared I feel like one we just did
our 50,000 celebration and I couldn't
wrap my head around that either I don't
know what's changed other than I feel
more love and appreciation and gratitude
and just like the opportunities that we
have and the archons just like it said
boggles my mind boy I ask Jared
something at dinner would you ask me I
said do you want diet coke or meth newer
dr. pepper
I asked Jared at dinner I said so six
years ago we didn't think that we would
be right here but this has been our
biggest blessing yes and where do you
think we're gonna be at in six years
four years now so in 12 years where do
you think our life is gonna be at and
without a hesitation
Jared without hesitation
Jared said I hope that we're helping
people and it's like that's just how
Jared I'm such a good I'm good inserted
to take it you Calvin it's your fault um
but but he didn't even hesitate he
didn't even think it just was I hope I
hope that we can help people Jared I
have a lot of big goals that we want to
be able to do and you know what we want
to get our life settled and situated we
want to set up a whole bunch of fun like
we want to do a nonprofit organization
where we can film us going places and
like finding couples
paying for their infertility like
there's just a lot that we want to do
and it's just weird that like we can do
that we're going to do that it's not wet
it's not if it's when we're gonna do it
and like I don't I can't think of any
other way that we would be able to do
this then what we're doing right now
oh it this is this is cool this is cool
and I asked you here today to it dinner
I I looked at Jackson I said what's
Jackson gonna be like what's he gonna do
and Jared said we don't even it's not
cret what yeah what Jackson is gonna do
for a career it has not even been
invented yet like it hasn't even been
created and that's just the crazy world
we live in as things are changing and
they're changing fast and more and more
opportunities are coming our way the
opportunity we have right now we want to
thank you for we feel so blessed to be
able to share our lives every single day
with you guys so thank you for letting
us do it like thank you seriously from
the bottom of our heart it means the
world to us that we can do this is the
best thing ever ever so but I can't
believe that like there's 200 word on
meerkat like I'm sure you guys are like
oh he's so different than in the Lots
cousin meerkat I stir you guys are like
so but the vlogging is just yeah just
spit it out and I say it so I don't know
it's been very fun we have learned a lot
we've grown a lot I told you and also
today I said I'm glad that I'm doing
this that that we can be together
full-time and not be at each other's
necks all the time like we I think we
work well together I do like to be at
your neck one like I know it's true I
feel like Ellie and I do work together
really well and I think that's kind of
why you know part of this is really spun
and is because we do work together we're
we're a good couple like yeah we're a
good team so think thank you honestly
guys thank you I don't want to spend too
much time on this I just want to say a
quick reminder there's three days left
on the t-shirt campaign go check it out
it means the world to us that you look
at it and they're great shirts I'm
excited I can't
like seriously that's like the hardest
part about being here's like crap our
shirts are just waiting there for us I
know they're at our house but thank you
guys again so much we appreciate every
single moment we do thank you we'll see
you guys tomorrow like always
