good morning guys will holy crap almost
good afternoon Jackson has been sleeping
for like what almost three hours that's
unheard of for our little guy Jackson he
is still asleep
but nonetheless good morning today is
gonna be a great day
Elly talk to me talk to me right now
tell like you tell me how you're feeling
I went back why do I want to thank you
um I told Jared while he was getting
ready it was the worst good lighting in
here is this good lighting this is good
lighting a lot of times people ask is
vlogging hard and vlogging can be very
hard this morning I'm 31 weeks today and
this morning I was sitting on the couch
and I was a hot mess I was crying I had
my makeup on it's not down my face I
couldn't get up my hips were on fire and
I I saw the camera I had the camera I
went to turn the camera on and I just
cut in but I wanted to because it was a
real moment when my pregnancy has gone
so smoothly and all my updates have been
so positive I wanted to pick up the
camera and I wanted to like express that
Oh like I'm having a low time right now
so that you know it was just real but I
couldn't I couldn't come to pick the
camera I picked it up but I couldn't
push the red button
so I decided now that I'm ready and now
that I have energy that I want to film I
wanted to get a mini mini 31 week update
because I'm not giving a 31 week update
on my channel because I already have
some videos pre-filmed and our lights
that we brought one of them broke and so
um I have 31 weeks I my and I and I and
I know it's not complaining but I also
hate to say that my hips hurt because I
never like to say that because Jared's
hips hurt him every day and but I'm 31
weeks my hips really really hurt and my
sciatic nerve is going crazy it really
hurts to walk I've been waddling a lot
this week and it's because one I will
pee my pants if I'm not if I just walk
normal like I can feel I will pee my
pants
so I have to walk a little bit and what
else what else Jared what else is in my
31 week update you've been you've been
craving ice cream a lot lately you want
ice cream more than any
else in the world more than I oh I I
kind of cried because I could because I
couldn't have I scream people their day
we didn't have a place to go guys cream
and I literally was like in tears I was
like that's like all I want like I just
wanted ice cream we're gonna remedy that
today though yeah and you've got the
pause and baby in your remedy the remedy
C experience this is a dangerous liaison
I say the comedy is that it's serious
this is another problem with my plan the
Buddha betta butta bottom anyway that is
just a little mini 31 week update for
you and that's also kind of a way for me
to express sometimes it's hard to pick
up the camera and sometimes it's hard to
to walk but we are gonna go about our
day wait what what is a baby update
without showing off your belly can you
show us your belly okay
and there's my 31 week belly update I
also have been feeling him move like
crazy the past few days I have felt
unlike how is he up here and down here
he's huge he's the size of a winter
squash ooh
a winter school which is quite a bit
bigger than a summer squash that's crazy
he's like three and a half pounds but
Jackson I just heard he's awake so let's
get going with our day what are we
saying think you think he's thinking boy
stinky boy Jackson there's no way you
could be stinky Jackson Jackson stinky
boy Jackson Jackie boys I may change our
diet stinky boy Jackson Jackson stinky
boy it's time to change or die well we
just get here and of course the first
thing that happens is Ellie yeah we
didn't we did have some lunch first
that's true but Ellie has to take
advantage of all the time that she has
here holding it Oh Finding Nemo right
something like that just stop crying Oh
a cute little cannon cry hey let me come
around here and I'll show you
isn't he so cute just finally home Oh
give us a smile he's like no I was
talking to you angry pants
hahaha Jackson is having a killer time -
he's been playing with these Domino's
haven't you bud oh yeah he's got
Domino's all over the place hey should
go through the doggie door there's a
little door down here that goes into the
laundry room and he's gonna show you
exactly where it is can you go through
the door yeah it goes to Narnia if you
guys didn't know that's how you get to
Narnia so go through that door right
there we're the world oh there he is
right there well a while ago the last
time I think you guys were together we
had you guys take a picture I think it
was outside of Olive Garden you guys had
your bellies close together and
everything yeah and Jennifer yeah so I
want to get that same picture but I want
to have that picture with you holding
cannon and then Ellie holding your belly
do you think we can do that
that was three here we go round two
let's go I'm just gonna pause here like
if nobody's been doing a little bit on
whoo good job you're killing it bud
killed with those feet it is so crazy to
me how close we are to having Kelvin
come and it's going to be just like this
we're gonna be sitting having a newborn
Jackson mom and dad it's just so crazy
to me that it's gonna happen so soon
it's been it's gonna be like a blink of
an eye we're gonna be thinking back to
this conversation that we just have I
like remember that like that was ten
weeks ago okay so in ten weeks we'll
replay this footage and we will say how
we're really doing yeah I think that
would be fun
do you think it's going to like what do
you think it's good I think it'll be
good I definitely be going your
challenges but I think that we are going
to feel excited even more whole it's a
family I feel that's what I think that's
a great way to say it like you know when
you welcome someone in your family
there's you're like how do you make room
but it just happens and you just you
know I'm excited I'm really great to
feel that oneness yeah family I've gotta
go get Jackson okay I know I'm like he's
probably that doggie door now but Jen
Jennifer has been so great to let us
hold hold baby cannon and kissing and
I'm so happy to be here it's really fun
to kiss and snuggle oh look at little
y'all auntie Ellie left you mm-hmm
Jackson you see the baby I don't think
we're gonna get any closer than that no
no good here you heard him crying
you heard him crying Jackson I'm crying
I just crawled right on over and was
like touching his blanket I think you're
gonna be a good big brother
you think you are I told Jared I thought
it would be fun today with Easter coming
up if we went to one of the country
stores that they have here a lot of
country stores will have chickens or
little ducklings and that we can maybe
have Jackson go pet a little duck I was
looking into petting zoos or little
petting farms here but we couldn't
really find one close and so this is
what we're going to do and it's free but
a lot of you guys know that I raised
chickens growing up and I remember I had
already had a batch of chickens at my
house but then one day me and my mom
went to go get feed for the chickens and
we ended up coming home with like four
more baby chicks and it was around
spring we go home and my dad's like you
got more my mom's like yeah and it just
it was just fun that um I just could buy
my chicken if I wanted some notice I
raised them and I think it was cool
experience for you to raise chickens on
your own you did everything yeah yeah
yeah my dad and brothers built my coop
but it was kind of like my project it
was really fun how come we think so much
alike
well I was just saying how can we think
so much I don't know it just is a
testament that like I'm glad we're so
I'm glad we're married you know like I
was just saying like these are the
stores that you could be in for hours
and hours and just look at all the cool
stuff in here I know it's fun I love
like Lowe's Home Depot and you like
country storage oh yeah miss funds
Cabela's Oh ah I see the denim alrighty
I'll show me your expertise they're
doing one and these are the ones that I
had growing up they were the nicest the
Buff Orpington
and they're good Mama's did I to lay on
the eggs yeah I'll help you saw good
talk
it'd be really fun up here
Esau can't give this off
I've got him soft
mm-hmm but you'd be some soft spot good
job we'd be soft
look how creep that tickling that's a
little ducky wanna pet the dog be soft
soft touch this is your ducky oh you
wanna eat a duck but Jax you're pissed
you doc you see the baby - no that's
really cool in Jack this is better and
cheaper the repetitive yes this is a
free petting zoo woohoo that looks so
good how's his taste huh some of the
funniest sounds Jackson makes is what
you want something or when he sees his
eating food he goes yum yum well I can't
think of a better way to end the night
then to go out and get what Ellie has
been craving all week long I do not know
I'm going to this week yeah yeah we're
here with mom and dad eating some ice
cream and this place here at Baskin
Robbins
brings back so many memories especially
with my brothers and my dad every year
every twice a year after a big
conference with our church actually this
weekend we would come here and get ice
cream
and it was just the best it brings up
memories for me because I used to work
at an ice cream shop and Jared would
come in and single
yeah sure it's Paris came in one time
and I was very intimidated yes I don't
know my dad is a very intimidating
person just look at him
okay intimidating he is a good guy so
big life the thing you don't want to
mess around but we're gonna end the vlog
thanks so much for watching today guys
have a wonderful day
and you too might and have some ice
cream thanks huh huh
some more say yes please
I'm nom nom nom
let's have them decide which one oh darn
it
you and mom you have the better cone no
tray drinkin
now go switch them this is that side try
it
I think that I think that proves it
cookies and cream is better good I
didn't want sure mine anyway
