whoa
it's pouring down hail guys crazy right
like it's kind of laughs crazy it's
hailing it's dark outside
Jarrod's over there on the couch reading
a book mom just went and got flowers
it's not yelling Oh Jackson does not
like it crazy
that's hail and a Dookie twister good
kisses you are such a good kisser
my give gum a hug see look out ladies
you grab my hug no more hugs
just kiss this just kisses yeah
don't
Dougie and give the doggy kisses yeah
give the doggy kisses
guess what two days it's throwback
Thursdays other day this okay what it's
another day this my dad he says that
whatever day your birthday is in that
month you gonna celebrate all month long
so a few nice dinners this month yeah
maybe
did you give me a birthday present today
well I actually was talking to Jared
about some birthday present that I know
he really would like but it is our
birthday month it is the month of April
which is also the month that our car
needs to be registered
oh geez we should have gotten our car in
a different month because it's always
the worst like oh I guess it's a good
reminder but it's like crap we have to
pay for that now yeah but today is
throwback Thursday and Jared I'm gonna
let you take over the vlog let me come
into my arms family friends
acquaintances individuals people who are
watching this vlog we actually threw it
out on Twitter what we wanted to talk
about today for throwback Thursday and a
lot of you guys said talk about some of
Jared's childhood memories and probably
more importantly how did these two crazy
individuals this one right here and this
one right here how did they meet so
that's something we're gonna talk about
today real quick it's it's so funny like
I've said it almost every single day
coming home just brings back such
memories going through all of these
things that you did as a kid I love it
it's like my favorite thing to do is go
back and look on memories and so that's
what we did is we went out into the shed
where I have some like boxes with all of
the stuff that I hasn't had as a kid or
just growing up like my little treasures
that I kept or wanted to keep and we
have these buckets right here and I
pulled out some things that I want to
show you guys cuz I'm really excited
about but maybe I should get mom and dad
to come out and help me because we're
gonna I think we're gonna talk about the
Pinewood Derby first so Ellie I'm
actually gonna hand the camera back
you so I can assume the position in my
chair over here um tiny would draw their
mother come over here when when you're
in the Cub Scouts and you reach the ripe
old age of 8 years old you participate
in the Pinewood Derby so I was so
excited about the Pinewood Derby because
my brothers had done it and I love
watching them make the cars and do all
these fun things and go down the course
and win and we thought it'd be fun to
make a really cool car and my mom is an
amazing craftswoman she even crafted
this for one of Jarrod's well she did
all the the cutting you you are a good
mom of four boys and that she is the
goddess of wood yeah you really aren't
that's why I'm excited that we're having
a few boys as I was like I think I get a
few good mom for boys anyway I keep
going my very first time a derby car was
this smoking hot piece right here I
don't think we really have a name other
than the flames laying the flame this
car we were really excited about and if
you look at the details here mom cut
that out like she cut it out all it was
incredible and then you know you cut out
the places for weights and everything
and I'm not sure if that's all the
weight we needed or some fell out but we
we took this and we cut it we painted it
and everything and I was really excited
about it and we took it to the you know
the track to race and compete and
everything and during the testing period
they give you a few test runs we found
out that the flame actually traveled
faster backwards so I raced this
backwards and I was actually playing
with the wheels like look at those it's
after what 20 18 years those are still
smooth yeah then you know that's great
anyway we raced it backwards and it was
really fast and you have to remember you
have to put yourself in the mind of an
88 year old here
most sports the highest score wins but
that one that's not the case the way the
Pinewood Derby is for it is the person
with the lowest
wins it's like golf so I got you know
you get first place and you get one
point you to get second place and you
get two points to get third place to get
three three points and so on I want
every single race and when it came kind
of time to tally up all the points I saw
that I had the lowest score and I was
like mmm how did I lose I won all of my
races like out in the world did I lose
and I cried and I cried and I cried and
I cried because I was like no but I won
I won and and then I'm sure one of you
guys pulled me aside and said no Jared
the person with the lowest score wins
you won oh great and I took us on to the
state level or the region level you know
you know the district level and I got my
butt kicked
like so my mom helped you win well it's
a joint effort oh it's it's definitely a
mom and dad effort I probably just
watched mom and mom cut all the stuff
and painted dad did all the measurements
and it oh yes it was my idea that's fun
though and I also had the carrot oh
that's cute the carrot here and then bad
to the bone you have got to be kidding
yeah
these are all my pinewood derby cars so
those are those are really fun and then
we just have some more fun memories here
my presidential physical fitness award I
keep talking about how like into sports
I was but Ellie was never around so she
never believed me
Bill Clinton president William Clinton
sent me this award am I not being his
real signature but that's a badge from
the president then I also got the
National physical fitness Awards
you are always especially in college and
yeah you always have been well so
pole-vaulting was huge for me and this
was actually my my badge for the
national poll melt summit in Reno Nevada
this is the Showtime quilters gap into
record
w rvq would rather be quilting now
you're probably thinking like Jared what
in the world are you doing quilting I
don't go I'm not a quilter I have no
idea what quilting is all about but what
I did is I work for this company and I
did their graphic design back in 2004
you know so all of these pages I I made
and design and everything and I and
there was one for each this is just the
this is the northwest edition we have
all of these different editions that
covered the different states isn't that
crazy
yes speaking of scum Scouts here's my
look out of tiny this is Jackson could
fit into that that's my little Scouts
game Spokane Valley baseball midget
division first place in the year 2000
this was a really cool trophy that I got
because our baseball team went all the
way all regionals and we won we won the
championship and I remember that I was
in sixth grade
and during the playoffs I was actually
at Scout camp and my parents took me out
of scout camp a few days early so I
could go play in the championship game
and we want coolest thing those are just
some like some really cool fun memories
uh your $300 paintball go yes oh did you
spent your money on you saved up yeah
this is a paintball gun
good it's pink it's pink I like our
crater and it was just so much fun I
really wanted to get the double trigger
so you could go look but it's just a
single trigger and I it's so funny here
hold this I actually pulled out the bag
and I was like whoa 20 ounce tank like
those were so cool I give you a 20 ounce
tank sure there was there was air
pressure in here
oh geez you've gotta be careful about
that put the safety off always assume a
gun is loaded you even have the balls
oh they're hard they're like all stuck
together that's funny
I have Jackson you can't get your dad's
goodies these are my memories Jackson
these are mine so that's fun to go back
Wayne and to see cute pictures of Jared
oh well I miss this picture I sent it to
my sister Ruby and I said doesn't this
look just like your Chad here well
hopefully it'll zoom in but doesn't that
look so cute Jared you're a cute kid
you're cute I like my memories and I
like my sports and I like my childhood
mostly because these two guys right here
real quick I know we don't have a lot of
my time but I want to hear and they want
to hear the story of how you guys met
would you be willing to tell us that
story it's a long story but you want the
condensed what's yeah let's hear the
condensed version do you wanna go well
they're cute they're talking about who
wants to go first
I live in Walnut Creek California until
I was 14 and then I moved to st. Louis
Missouri
the biggest tragedy of my life sorry st.
Louis and I was born in Berkeley
California but then when I was 2 years
old
we moved to Springville Utah but when I
was 14 we moved to Walnut Creek
California so we have all the same
friends my friends dated yeah me my date
she dated all my friends and they would
write me letters and say oh it's too bad
you moved this really cute girl came to
town we should have been here yeah so we
we had known of each other but we had
never really met until um I was his
ex-fianc√©e's roommate so I had this
girl and I thought we were gonna get
married and we then we weren't and but
she was Tammy moved in to the same
apartment that she lived in and and you
had been broken up for her a long time
over a year maybe two years anyway she
still had the hots for Craig well and
who wouldn't look no she's probably
watching now wishin she remarried yeah
anyway one night at Brigham Young
University they have what's called
concert impromptu and Craig and his
friend they were called the
nice axe no no the burlap socks they're
kind of the same material material we're
right we're in a little duo and we call
ourselves the burlap socks and so we
performed that night we made socks or
your sister made socks out of burlap
that's right yeah and we tossed him out
in the body and so it was really fun
and so I sang this song and it was
inspired by the breakup and then I went
back in the audience and I sat down next
to Tammy and because the whole apartment
of the girls was there my brother and
his friend from Ogden Utah had come down
and so we were out there and and I had a
date and I ditched her and late and
blamin you didn't ditch her yet let me
show you this real quick I just pulled
this out of the basement this is one of
the burlap socks yeah it is burlap so oh
my gosh that's funny honey sack they've
had this since they got it you know yeah
since before we we met was this guitar
yeah the burlap sack on it hundreds of
guitars our roommate was also dating
Mike Craig's the other half of the other
half socks so you know we were just all
there as a group and I was sitting next
to Barbara and then myself and then
Craig and his date came and sat down
next me and Craig whispered and said
what do you think someone saw thought
about this and I said I don't know what
I said but anyway as we started
whispering back and forth we decided to
meet after the concert so she ditched
her day I didn't have a dance she's miss
my partner I said no really I smell your
mother's friend you ditched you know I
was my date
you ditched your date mom my brother and
his friends we um
what about midnight or so we we met he
came and got me and
we started going out of the parking lot
but the funny thing was Creek State it
was gone and it was a good thing and it
was it was love at first sight it was
but it took me two years to convince her
to marry me
yeah it did two years Wow well you're a
patient man I guess then exactly yeah if
I didn't snatch her out of the cradle
she would have moved on to someone else
really quick wouldn't ya yeah well guys
that's a cute story um that's throwback
Thursday for you guys I'll look at
Jackson and wrinkles oh that's so cute
Ellie we need to get a dog I know that's
a throwback Thursday it's all pretty
long stories but it's fun and it brings
back so many great memories and that's
why I love doing throwback Thursday make
sure you guys hit the subscribe button
if you like the video be sure to hit a
thumbs up and if you super liked it
congratulations guys we have these
t-shirts on teespring comm sasha Ellie
and Jared that are five days away from
retiring so be sure to check it out I'll
have a link down below and also one more
thing very important leave a comment
down below on what we should do for next
throwback Thursday yeah yeah sound good
Thursday thanks for watching guys have a
wonderful day we're gonna go eat some
pork chops and a Prakash bye
