look at that water park inside we look
at those slides they go outside but it's
like inside it's outside but it's inside
we have taken upon ourselves to take the
day and travel a little bit and we are
at a indoor water park
okay Jackson we just got here
the thing is like that's not all of it
it goes outside of the building and all
of these slides go in and out of these
different buildings are so straight very
excited right way except I don't know
what Jackson's gonna think of it
keep trying but we're gonna go play in
his section and eat huh
they're very strict as their role so we
have to save his section and then Jared
I'll see you guys on up and you guys are
gonna go have a lot of fun we're gonna
go in with the GoPro and we're gonna go
insane in the membrane
all right okay Jackson are you ready to
do this
did you see it just crawl up on you okay
let's give it a shot
did that scare him
the big bucket of water just came down
and it kind of scared him a little bit
it is pretty cold huh buddy
that was for children the water was very
cold so we decided not to stay very long
and on my way back
Jackson fell asleep so jared is going to
show me a little bit of it's beautiful
here it is beautiful so what I want to
do is I kind of want to just drive
around and show Ellie like all of the
the fun stuff that I did as a kid and
all of the memories and places that I
went to and all the beautiful things
about you know Spokane Valley just while
Jax is asleep you know we have some time
to kill anyway so let's go on a trip
down memory lane
so as Jared and I are driving along I
just love I love Spokane I think it's
beautiful and I told Jared I like that
all the houses have front yards and
backyards like that their houses here
are all spaced nicely and that's one
thing I like about my parents house is
they have a good-sized front yard and
backyard as well and Jared's house as
well and it's just like all these homes
that we're driving by looking at they
all have front yards and back yards
whether the house is big or small or in
between and it's just kind of fun
driving around looking looking at all
the trees the houses starting to rain
like crazy
this is really fun to go on a little
Drive this afternoon it's just kind of
raining and it's quiet in the car it's
just kind of fun to talk I enjoy talking
to you that's one of my favorite things
is just having a conversation in the car
I thought talking about life in the
future I love doing that something
stinks in this house do you know what it
is it might be the broken garbage
disposal hmm no I don't know I think it
might be mobs giant blister on her foot
Oh mom your blister looks so bad is that
from walking five miles every single day
well I've been walking five miles for a
long time I don't know why I got a
blister because we're in town is that
what it is are we causing blisters on
your feet is a bad blister
well actually the garbage disposal oh
hey see I miss it Daria I'm trying to go
off on these tangents but what happened
is the garbage disposal actually did
break and it's leaking and so we have to
get all of this stuff out and dad and I
are gonna go to the store and get a new
one and then put it in so let's go to
Lowe's let's go to the man store that's
right huh red meat that's what men do
yeah mom dad and I are out to go get
some red meat we don't know where we'll
be home
look at yourself you're the one who's
gonna be talking I don't have anything
to say well now you know a couple days
ago we had a conversation in the car
where you were driving and I was the
passenger seat about how sometimes it's
really nice to be a passenger in the car
now you are a passenger in the car how
do you feel let's go to Montana
we've got all the guys in the car let's
do it I think that would be very fun and
enjoyable our wives might not think the
same thing well that's the place where I
had no one ever get to see the scenery
so you want to go too you want to go to
beauty Montana what No why don't you
tell the story why don't you tell the
story about the one time we made a stop
in Montana and stayed the night all the
motels in the entire city of Butte were
booked and so we ended up at this ratty
old Oteri very very very scary in a very
scary scary part of town with lots of
people who had consumed copious amounts
of copious amounts of adult beverages
and
it was a it was very scary and here we
had mom and I and three teenage girls
yes and Jarrod and Jennifer it was a
very scary thing
one of the most scariest times in my
entire life I remember that it doesn't
sound very scary but we're talking about
it but I just remember it was dark there
were people walking down the streets
just drunk as can be and I can't even
remember how old I was probably eight
maybe seven I think you were maybe ten
yeah maybe at ten years old or something
it was scary very very scary so Jarrod
do you remember the time we picked up
the hitchhikers outside of con el
Washington yes I do remember that
because they were visiting their son in
prison yes and I remember that we picked
them up and we're like you know we're
gonna pick up these people and we're
gonna do something nice so we did
something nice for them and they look
like really nice people and I'm sure
they were I don't remember but you pick
up hitchhikers oh and let's take them to
prison oh yes so yeah so the kids were a
little freaked out when I said we're
gonna pick up these poor people it was
like 1 million degrees outside and it
was just horrific ly hot and they have a
guard broke him down and they were out
in the middle of nowhere and we just
felt bad so we stopped and picked them
up
and the kids were really kind of afraid
and I said well what if their axe
murderers and well they weren't but it
but their son was now when it comes to
garbage disposals there's three very
important things that you need to know
about okay you need to know about the
material that it's made of you need a
good high quality strong material so it
doesn't leak and break you know kind of
like we got going here the other thing
that you need to know about is the sound
so check out the sound here this is the
Badger loud right now this is the
evolution premier quite a bit quieter
huh now the Excel sounds very pleasant
the third thing Bluetooth now these
garbage disposals that come with a
bluetooth so you can actually just set
your phone boom garbage disposal done
okay even so maybe that last one was
alive but it would be cool right yeah
you know you're just like I don't want
to get up and go to the kitchen to turn
on the garbage disposal
I'm just gonna use my phone boom Ellie
do you think I'm the best husband in the
whole entire world
do you love me so much yes behind your
back
do you know what it is would you like to
know yes oh yes I got you Girl Scout
cookies Girl Scout cookies Jared thank
you we got us Girl Scout cookies cuz
they're so visit babba
i refresh you eat dinner mmm I lay down
while Jared was gone that felt really
good to close my eyes oh that I hiked
yesterday's quick in my but I'm gonna
eat one of these right now and I guess
what Bonnie's not here so I don't have
to share is he disgusted by his others
laughing huh
he's being so sensual hey ladies and
gentlemen this is how you kiss let me
just show you the diagram here real
quick
first you go 90 then I go 10 and then
BAM boom that's adorable
I mean you just hold it there and this
has been outta kiss by Jackson meet him
stay tuned for the next episode we have
to tie your shoelaces and count to three
we should get more mirrors in the house
peekaboo alright Jackson it's just you
and me mano a mano this is so fun
Jared this is where you grew up this
this is your home this was your play
area oh look how beautiful you had so
much room I love this because my dad he
would stand right here
okay have a baseball in the back and my
three brothers would have our mitts and
we'd all play baseball and dad would hit
it to us and the older you were the
further you were back so I was always
you know upfront oh yeah but I love
playing baseball with my dad this swing
set right here because what you grew up
oh yeah well
I remember and that you're swinging your
kid on it oh how funny is that how funny
is that I'm swinging you know what I
love about Spokane on our drive today we
drove around for like an hour
hello Jackson is I told you I feel
like you are living in the country with
all like this is their backyard look at
all those trees like this is their
backyard and but then you have like
Target Best Buy all the food stories you
could ever dream of like very essentials
Target and Best Buy Target invest nice
seriously target and that's prior just
down the road so I I love it I think
it's beautiful I like where Jared and I
just moved to sigh I feel the same way
except we don't it's a smaller
definitely smaller because it's like in
a little valley but I like that I feel
like I'm in the country part like this
is beautiful yeah yeah that's what I
mean it's totally well so let me tell
you about this thing say okay when I
gosh I remember the picture I I know I
could find if I searched all through the
house but that would take forever
we had a squirt gun fight and we had my
grandpa that my grandma remarried my
grandpa Gibbs my dad all of my brothers
and sisters and then some neighbors
helping us put together this swing set
but so and all the kids had a squirt gun
fight the adults were putting this
together we needed help
no I was honestly was probably a little
bit maybe a couple years older than
Jackson yeah I was still in a diaper but
I remember that picture and I was still
in diapers so maybe I was probably two
or three years old how fun and now
you're in it you go poop in it
well I think what we're gonna do is
we're gonna call the night a little bit
early we're gonna end the vlog right
here so we can have some family fun time
I think we're gonna watch a movie after
we have some dinner but first what are
we yeah what movie should we watch
that's actually a really good Gorshin I
want to have listed down below last time
we asked what
sure got a lot of good yes responses
that we actually watched a few one thing
that I would love to start doing is
almost like a movie club where we watch
movies together and then we have we talk
about it or something like that I think
that would be really cool but your
favorite movies I want you guys to
comment down below so Ellie and I can
watch them if we haven't already or you
know start like a big list of you know
bucket list movies movies that we need
to watch you know well mom or do we have
it for dinner tonight we are having
garlic Kyogre chicken oh we made that
together on one of our very first dates
do you remember that Valentine's Day
yeah okay thanks so much for watching
guys be sure to check out the teespring
campaign I'll have a link down below you
guys are wonderful your mom's amazing
your cut of all you're fantastic you're
unbelievable and you're awesome I don't
think I say that enough that's something
my dad used to tell me going to school
every single day Jackson say goodbye you
look like your daddy say goodbye who's
that good-looking guy
