ah good morning guys it is a beautiful
day today
mom dad Ellie Jackson and I and wrinkles
she's over there
we're on a walk this morning and we are
walking down memory lane this whole area
over here I would always come down with
my brothers and sisters and we would
just play like we would just play in
this area and it was so much fun and it
brings back so many fun memories every
morning my mom and dad wake up
and they go on a five-mile walk holy cow
that's way better than I do that's
something we should probably pick up on
it's really nice does it feel like the
air is crisp on my knees it feels really
good to get out actually we really need
to yeah in the summertime that's
something we should probably do but ah
just take in the beautiful fresh air
deep breath in breathe out do with me oh
my gosh yeah we're definitely not gonna
go the full five miles because we have I
can't Kelvin we were joking yesterday we
were saying Jackson your mom held you
for nine months straight
you can't complain that she's not
holding you right now she's holding
she's holding Calvin right now so I'll
hold you Jackson because mom's too busy
holding Calvin he's gotta hold him for a
really long time too yeah oh can we get
a collective all right there
hashtag marriage goals is that what
people say no yes relationship goals
marriage goals some other kind of goals
Oh kissing goals okay we are and
treating our wonderful hike right now in
this beautiful area and mom and dad are
still kicking her butt and Jarrod is
just doing a little live streaming on
meerkat my god
hi guys and it's so funny I look back
and I just see a little head poking out
no Jackson's head I'm trying to see over
Jared shoulder but we've been having a
lot of fun doing the live streaming and
I'm anxious to see where that goes in
the next several months as it gets more
popular because we're actually having a
lot of fun with it
it's like a one-take but literally you
can't it's like facetiming your best
friend so it's fun fun live streaming
throughout the day as well as vlogging
it's fun it's made up day meetup day I'm
really excited to and I just want to
show off your little outfit you look so
good look at your belly yes and Jackson
almost has a matching outfit
you're definitely sporting the orange a
blue and white aren't you Wow look at
you number one stunner yeah yeah I am
well thank you I try my best if you know
what I mean I'm just kidding I am really
excited for the meetup today I'm not
sure how many people are gonna be there
but it is very exciting that we can go
somewhere and be like hey do you guys
want to have a gathering a social
gathering where we can converse and talk
about things that are related to things
that we do like the internet I I don't
know I I'm excited it's fun we're gonna
get pictures it's like a warm day yes it
was gonna be outside
yeah hey you you ready to rock and roll
we're gonna go see if we can find some
things for Easter you turn around you
turn around watch this he goes down the
stairs turn around turn around
oh he's gonna try and stand you're crazy
yeah you better back up you better back
up my daddy taught me
I'm gonna get you I'm gonna get you
I got you can't go fast I'm gonna get
you I'm gonna get you you are so cute
you are so cute okay I'm going downtown
Spokane home of the weirdest looking
naked ground runners you ever did see no
there is a marathon here called
bloomsday and that's what these statues
are for is us all about bloomsday some
really cool things that happen here in
downtown Spokane bloomsday and hoop fest
hoop fest is the world's largest
three-on-three basketball tournament in
the world pretty crazy
really
Ellie do you think that saxophone guy
over there found right now there do you
think you know is the one that goes like
yeah there it is the big red wagon and
overcome how's it going maybe if you say
hi to him he'll say hi say hi hey thank
you for that it's like I don't know what
that is that's yours that was so sweet
of you see I knew he was gonna go
straight to that for that straight for
it
he mentioned Gonzaga I was like oh yeah
I totally just heard he just ran up and
said hi and I like screaming hi and she
made the baby cry
we have everyone here and then we've
been saying hi in front of the wagon and
I think Jared was really said something
wrong
I don't know what he did cry Jackie's
here she actually just had surgery and
she came to her Meetup so first she
thank you oh she's just coming from Ohio
but I'm surgery that's what like not
just surgery here in Scranton
yeah and she made Calvin some burp rags
and even better she has her own Calvin
she named her son Africa oh you are so
cute look at him get up you are so cute
one glad Jerry didn't make you cry no
I'm just being horribly emotion no you
are great you're great oh my I don't
know like I'm either going to be like a
crazy fangirl or I'm gonna start falling
and unfortunately I started bawling oh
well you guys are very very sweet to
come and make that for is this your mama
yes okay
grandma came to like maybe to try and
get one big picture I'm gonna see if I
can designate someone to take a picture
for us
would you mind okay so we've got the
video here everyone say hi we're gonna
try and sneak a picture ladies and
gentlemen I have a victor and champion
these guys here are from Houma now let's
get your names for the camera for the
record here one more time Joanna Joanna
Ryan thank you so much from coming all
the way from Tacoma if you guys don't
know tacoma's like three hours away
four hours oh that's so cool thank you
we just finished with our Meetup and
Jackson is done he is exhausted he is
crying and so we are going to take him
down or jared is gonna take him down the
big red slide and i hope it was okay
keep going a little fast okay ladies and
gentlemen boys and girls jackson who's
sitting on top of my head we just
finished our Meetup and I would say it
was all fun we had a really good turnout
that was very fun and I every time we
haven't either
once again realize like this is why
we're doing it yeah it and we it's
crucial to have these meetups so that I
can really remember like why we're doing
it and to keep positive it makes us so
grateful and it makes us realize like
you know there's people behind those
names on the comments oh yeah it's just
you know grateful I can't think of any
other word other than great oh yeah it's
just yeah yeah you humble like wow you
know we had people Drive hours and hours
to come here for the meetup and I just
you know puts things into perspective in
their story yeah it's wonderful so guys
thank you so much so all those who came
out and saw us and to those who wanted
to come and everything you know we're
gonna do more meetups in the future so
don't don't you even fret don't you
worry about it but thank you again it
means the world to us that you guys come
and make time out of your day to say
hello to us and now we're just gonna
spend the rest of our day together as a
family and we're gonna have a good time
what do you say Jack Jack you wanna go
have fun you want to go have fun
you wanna go say hi to those birds that
are calling over there I love this place
it's so beautiful here in Spokane we
need to
Jackson has been holding on to his
little monkey they that he received at
the Meetup and I just think that is so
cute that he won't let go of it oh this
is fun say do you think we should do
this sometimes it's kind of like Color
Me Mine maybe we should come and do a
date here this weekend maybe grandma
will watch Jackson maybe grandma that
would be really fun but we're gonna go
try and find a little treat and here you
come
I told Jared I'm wobbling
but it's because
thirty weeks and it's like if I don't
waddle then I feel like I will pee my
pants well I was just saying it she's
like I'm so hair that I'm waddling I'm
like well you were 30 weeks pregnant you
have no reason to apologize yep
surprise aren't you so glad I say hey he
came over to say hi to you he doesn't
know what to think
maybe can you have a high-five okay look
I'll give you a high-five thank you nice
to meet you
that was nice of him to come over and
say hi thank you guys that was nice of
him to come I was like maybe we should
go get a picture that and then he came
on over and why not just do but that's
always nice of Easter but it's very nice
of him and also I now know that trach
subtype which is liked it anyway well we
made a home and we're just sitting here
on the couch as a family just talking
about what we do what Ellie and I do and
just how the meetup has like a really
big impact on us every single day and
it's crazy to think that what Ellie and
I do every day just by sharing our lives
has an effect on people and it's just
the stories that we hear from the people
who come and visit us like it makes us
so grateful I feel like you know people
say like Jared and Ellie your vlogs like
help us out so much and just the fact
that they even share these stories with
us makes us feel so good like it's it we
are talking about how it's just like a
circle it just it makes us feel so good
about what we do and we feel so blessed
to be able to have this opportunity to
just share
our lives and have fun doing it and to
meet all of these wonderful people so
thank you guys again for taking the time
out of your day to come visit with us
and talk and I mean like these meetups
are the highlight of what we do for sure
you know I always go home feeling better
yeah oh for sure like there's a face
behind the comments yeah it makes it
makes what we do so much more real and
from the bottom of our hearts thank you
for all that you guys do and everyone
who watches and leaves the comments like
we think about you guys all the time we
do and we're grateful for you and we
feel blessed to be able to have this
opportunity so thank you now wrinkles we
have something to talk about come over
here when wrinkles was a puppy and she
was born she was born in this house and
yeah in this house and down those stairs
actually mm-hmm her face was like well
it doesn't really show she just had such
a wrinkly face she had her whole body
was wrinkled yeah a little raisin almost
like the the Michelin Man like ever the
Michelin Man was a dog that's what
wrinkles look like so when we were
trying to keep these dogs separated or
just like Oh wrinkles you know all
wrinkles and it just stuck and we kept
her so that's that's where wrinkles got
her name she was the wrinkly dog and
then the litter that's right so no you
know inserts the mall you know PSA
announcement so thanks for watching
today's vlog Ellie where are you checks
and where are you you guys are awesome
thank you guys so much for watching the
vlog and we'll see you next time
tomorrow's a fun day
my CIS go swimming tomorrow hi
