all right we're starting the vlog in
three two one
ladies and gentlemen welcome to the one
take Sunday we are here live and in
charge with our family on sunday sunday
sunday we just finished eating a
delicious meal prepared by these two
wonderful folks
mama and papa mashed potatoes and gravy
and dessert if you guys don't already
know you may have already seen this
right now we are doing a live stream on
periscope
yes periscope I forgot what it was
called periscope they went over to
Browns hold on you sorry we have some
technical difficulties we're having some
technical difficulties we're we
streaming or did I hang up on them I
somehow the comments are just
disappeared oh no no chat I don't know
it there I we just can't seem to come
everything okay that's that's okay oh
did you get it I lost my thing but
there's people there because you see the
number there holy cow this is going this
is insane this is you know technical
difficulties on periscope so we are
live-streaming our daily our one take
blog nowadays so that way everyone kind
of gets a peek and how it is behind the
scenes of what actually happens when we
do a one-take so anyway we just finished
dinner and our eating dessert we have a
wonderful meal for dinner today we had
some amazing
roast beef potatoes which honestly I you
know are okay everyone else loves them
he didn't eat any of them well so I'm a
baked potato kind of guy I think I have
to have ranch with my potatoes I think
that's what it has to be you can put
ranch it but I don't know if ranch
really goes good with mashed potatoes
they go great with baked potatoes but
anyway let's move forward let's proceed
further we had some salad we had some
biscuits and over there enough thing
right that are there some asparagus
Oh Jackson are you okay you drink some
water okay son yeah I don't know they
are heard that's interesting
what is it bad if we stop the broadcast
and restart so Commons on phone cool hi
Colin but now that dinner is over we are
eating dessert and we are having some
delicious strawberry shortcake so that
is what's going on right now today is a
sad day today is a very sad day do you
guys want to know why I know why mom
knows why tell me why it was a sad day
Gonzaga lot I'm all over the place with
them I'm sorry guys
Gonzaga mm-hmm you done good you're done
good but you lost the Duke and that's
okay that's okay they did they did well
they did well now we're just I'm gonna
have to see how it goes
they've never gotten yeah they've
they've been to the Elite Eight two
times or three times total but they
never have made it to the final four and
they were actually pretty close I think
the last two minutes of the game is
really when they started on fire they
even had a lead at one point against
Duke it was really close to the whole
time until the looks what is so funny Oh
what is that he said I ain't glad that
Duke won you owed Jackson yo well you
make a good point there but still I
think that's kind of rude to say when
you're in Spokane Washington home of the
Gonzaga Bulldogs I want I know that
there's comments is there a way we can
fix let me see you take the vlog real
quick Casey
do we know where those pictures are
already guys the kids but Jared yeah
Jared and dad um all week everyone's
been saying that Jackson looks just like
grandpa and I agree I think it's a lot
like him but mom was showing me these
pictures of Jared when he was a baby and
then Graham
but when he was a kid oh ho Chuck said
no no no and so this is Jared and
doesn't outlook just like Jackson
Jackson look at mama
does that look just like oh but anyway
okay so that's Jackson or Jared and then
this is Jared and doesn't know just like
Jackson except Jackson has more hair
yeah Jackson has a ton more hair and
that is Jared's dad doesn't that look
like Jackson hey I can see the comments
we can see the comments now this I'm
amazed that your have so many
subscribers mom is amazed that we have
as many viewers as we do after watching
this disaster that's going on right now
which you know that's the beauty of
editing the live is totally different
because you're getting what you're
getting but editing is has a very
important role in vlogging thank
goodness because I stutter and stammer
and fall over my words all the time and
when there's technical difficulties like
this you know it's you know sometimes
it's hard but we're just sitting here as
a family having a good time talking over
a wonderful meal mom and dad here in a
little bit are gonna go see and Jennifer
and Tyson and one of the cutest things
about having Jackson Harris with the dog
is that they're always with each other
whenever Jackson gets into that high
chair wrinkles is by his side like oh
I'm gonna get some food I love when the
grandchildren come over cuz I'm gonna
get some food and it's gonna be today
and ate half watch watch watch here we
go here we go wrinkles you missed your
chance
oh wow wrinkle wrinkles we're not
encouraging this guys this is just
happening okay
but anyway wrinkles loves wrinkles is a
good dog can we just take a moment to
appreciate how good of a dog wrinkles is
did we talk about wrinkles names we have
permission Facebook okay because one we
feel kind of bad going and like would my
brother had his baby it was like we
don't want to go on like shove the
camera in their face so we always make
sure to one ask and two we don't we
don't want to talk too much about it
because then it's like I would hate for
family to ever be like Oh Jared and
Ellie are coming there yeah you know so
we've been very every time we go over we
make sure to ask and you know she's in
the thumbnails the past few days we've
made sure to ask permission and but she
has said the name on her personal
facebook so I guess we could say it we
just you didn't mean first and foremost
we want to make sure that we don't
overstep our bounds with people who you
know aren't well you know on camera all
the time you know Jennifer and Tyson
don't live close to us so we want to
especially given the situation they just
had a baby so we want to be very
respectable she's been she's been really
good to say we could soak up she's
announced it okay the baby's name is
reporter Mordecai oh I'm sorry the
baby's name is cannon with a K I saw
when I saw him for the first time she
hadn't she know what she was gonna name
him and she had a few different options
and I thought that he looked like a
cannons yeah I think that if it's a
really nice yeah I I definitely agree
and by golly if that buoy isn't a
baseball player I don't know what we're
gonna do with them this Canada baseball
player whoa holy cow canons got a cannon
on him yeah it has to be a pitcher
yeah something like that well Tyson
played sax it was always an all-star
somehow so but his middle name is G GHI
Tyson's half Chinese Chinese yeah and so
well and also the cool thing that I
thought is I had no idea that this even
happened but the oldest male in the
family gives an Chinese name
Tyson's grandpa gave cannon a name a
Chinese name it out he will give it to
him when he sees him yeah they we don't
know what it is we don't know what it is
yeah yeah but it's it's coming I think
it's very very cool and cultural and I
think it's I think it's really great
that they have have these things that
are new and different to us the same
thing yeah the oldest living relative
for me Native American excuse me okay
that's okay yo my my name a nickname
when I was born what's that and you guys
may hear bonny often say it to me Bo
calls it to me a lot to Elvis oh-ho cuz
when my parents brought me home and my
mom's like family already knows her name
Ellie and I looked at my mom my dad's
like Oh she'll listen to anything
Elvis and I look at my dad and so all
great but I was the only one that had a
nickname like we don't us girls don't
have MIT also I'm looking at them that's
okay because they're live they're just
watching sorry but none of us girls have
middle names and none of us even have
like nicknames either it's like we are
called by our name but I was the one
that I got a nickname my dad always
Corrales and I would write Elvis on my
papers and my second grade teacher was
like Ellie you really need to write your
name now you can't write Elvis anymore
and I remember I hated it I was like my
name is Elvis it's gonna funny look at a
new dream he's a big boy is that all
oh yeah did you guys have nicknames when
you're younger when you're kids
what were your nicknames I don't I can't
say mine uh-oh
why dad cuz mine was little
what I thought that was my real man my
white mine was smart but seriously do
you guys have nicknames like from
friends or family my friends called me a
Craigslist Craigslist why how did that
come to be I'm not sure that's funny I
got called jer-bear like in high school
I got called Gandhi why go on the
baseball team because I was kind of like
the peacemaker I guess that's right yeah
sorry one one thing that I want to say
one thing that's very important that I
want to say before we end this vlog
today there has been so much demand for
our t-shirts now that teespring has
relaunched the campaign so you guys have
eight days to get the t-shirts the Ellie
and Jared t-shirts so I'll the link down
below to check that out and go check it
out it's awesome because everyone is
saying that these t-shirts are like the
softest most amazing thing that they've
ever put on and you will be a better
person if you get one I really can't
wait to go back to Utah to try on my
hoodie that's done now but one last
thing is we've been telling everyone the
past few days our friend Colin Katie
Macy Gaines Granberry I think they're
going through a hard time right now and
I think that we should just splatter
them with love so we'll make sure to
have their channel down below if you
guys don't know who our best friends are
so go check them out
and send them some love thanks for
watching the vlog today I hope you have
a wonderful week make sure that this day
that moment that you're watching this
right now is the start to a wonderful
week you can decide that and I know you
can have a wonderful day and we'll maybe
see some of you too
yeah we're having a little gathering
tomorrow at the red wagon downtown
Spokane at 4:00 p.m. be there or be
square or something like that
hey say goodbye everyone on the vlog bye
bye bye bye bye
