moose get me skinny kyo hey what's the
song meeska mooska mickey mouse
mi ckey mo you se that's me
mo us EQs it's 7:00 in the morning good
morning we are going to make Jackson
some pancakes
Jeff Jarred's gonna finish everything
voila and we are just gonna have a
really fun day today hi Jackson huh with
the puppy no fresh wrinkles
oh gosh wrinkles let's go gear
stand up do you think he'll try it again
hey Dad um I got a quick question for
you would you be like embarrassed or
ashamed if we went out in town and I
wore this shirt I'm shocked I am shocked
too it says everyday struggle I I
wouldn't want to be seen with you no no
do you want to wear it no with this hair
parted it is his nice slacks yeah you'd
make sure and tuck it in though right he
would tuck it into his max well dad yes
son let's just you and me no longer than
Wars you and me cruising down the road
father and son just the way it's
supposed to be we're dang right I'm
totally kidding oh that's so funny dad
and I are running to the store because
we are gonna go get a couple HDMI cables
and a network extender dad's internet
upstairs away from his office and
everything the internet isn't as great
as we want it to be so you know
streaming chromecast and everything is a
little scatty wampa so we're gonna try
and fix that get a couple HDMI cables
hey vblog went into the playstation 3
and then maybe later we'll shoot some
ball zombies or something what he said
that dang right we're going to show some
B's we love us some zombie killing you
I like to give led enjoyment of being a
passenger in the car not that I like you
know how to be like okay you're gonna
sit in the car while I Drive no there's
something about just sitting in the car
and being able to look around and enjoy
the scenery and everything and I like to
you know almost like make it a service
to Ellie like I want to drive you to
where you want to go is that weird to
say that no that's not weird at all
Primus I in the rare times when I am the
passenger especially on long trips I
really enjoy because I don't get an
opportunity to look at the beautiful
scenery yeah that's that well that's
exactly what I was going to say is you
know now that is just me and Ellie at
home
I rarely ever get an opportunity to send
them passenger seat I shouldn't say
opportunity it's a decision I choose to
drive Ellie's more than capable of
driving but I choose to drive but the
chances that I do get to sit in the
driver of the passenger seat I really
like to look around and I never really
you know have that and it's it's fun to
be able to sit and look around and enjoy
and especially you know a place where I
haven't been in a long time to see
what's changed and everything so it's
it's funny how that works
I always choose to drive especially on
long trips mom tends to fall
there was one time it was just me mom
and dad in the car we were driving home
from Utah is that what it was I can't
remember where we were coming
we're in Montana yeah we are in Montana
and we were coming it was around the
curve and I constantly even with dad hey
are you doing okay
hey mom dad you doing okay he's stayin
awake
we were just sitting there and it was
dad was like I'm just so tired I need to
go to sleep I'm just gonna get a couple
minutes of shut-eye so I can get some
rest so I can continue driving mom can
you please drive yes and it was I don't
even know how long into the drive me was
ten minutes was like five like five
minutes and she's sitting driving him ha
ha ha she's out and she isn't out and we
keep going straight on this corner and
dad wakes up grabs that no did no my mom
William mom walk I we hollered and she
woke up and fortunately she because you
know most people in a situation like
that would over correct and we would
have been really most in a bad place
yeah but she just was calm and she
corrected properly and we had to stop
and change our under really scary and
and we mercilessly teaser of oh oh oh
for sure and it's every time we go on a
long road trip that's that's the first
thing that's brought up uh but you
didn't really have to change your pants
time did you no okay how do you hold a
baby
very carefully isn't he so sweet this is
the first time you've been able to hold
him and that's why I kisses know I get
how little they get how little they are
yeah yeah they get really little hmm
you're so cute hmm this is gonna be us
in two months
look Lily I mean that's so cute you want
to bring Jackson just over close by here
that's your new nephew nephew that's my
nephew
let's forget your cousin meet your
cousin you say baby
hmm can you say baby say baby this is a
to be you you have a baby brother in two
months that's gonna be kind of weird
keeping him away from him yeah I don't
think we're gonna be able to keep
Jackson away from his brother but you
know when I had Matthew I walked into
the bedroom he was in the crib and Ryan
and Nathan and Melanie were all in the
crib with oh my gosh well a few of my
sisters they're in there in situations
where their kids share rooms so the
toddler gets into the VIP room to the
baby's crib but then tries and takes the
baby out so it's like I know that's what
scared moms have to have ten eyes on
their heads is what has to be don't moms
have eyes in the back of their heads yes
you do right yeah developing oh yeah oh
yeah it happens wife did developin can't
get away with anything
Mellie and mom I just got that turn the
other way we think you're in the other
room
spider pig project Oh
spy your nose giddy squid she's trying
now aunt Ellie has a turn you're so cute
no no I look Jackson's face the other
day oh my gosh you what you said you
wouldn't do it to nieces and nephews but
you it's brand-new
no does that mean he's fresh and you can
have it you can do that he's so cute
he's so cute now Jackson this is just
practice because here in a little bit
we're gonna have one of those too okay
so don't get jealous this is just a
little practice all right no need to get
worried okay all right all right okay
all right all right buddy okay okay
Ellie we're gonna play a little game
it's called elevator roulette do you
know how you play so what you do is you
call the elevator or rather when we're
inside of the elevator and we go up or
down you go up to the door like so and
you do like a little dance until it
opens up and then it opens up and you
have to see if anyone's there okay and
that's gonna be fun all right okay you
in it Jackson and you will do it Kay and
I'll film hope to do it okay I guess
I'll do it too it's cold you catch cold
kaboom little hope never burn
thermometer a little bow but what about
poking about
get right up on to the door no there's
no one there okay so we were still like
we were close
now we're not embarrassed okay Jackson
look at that do you see something fun
oh look at that train should we go right
on it I think we should go right on that
train do you wanna right on that train
which one is the best one to sit in that
was kind of fun because he could like
stare over but those are really cute
because they little individual or we
could do the caboose this is fun the
succubus is a caboose do you want to
ride the caboose here's the tickets
punch punch punch perfect thank you
Chicka Chicka Chicka Chicka get better
now we can actually contributed to tea -
what do you think I haven't fun
you guys having fun this is awesome you
like looking at em I'm not trying on
this capacity this is incredible we need
a gun trains more often we're the only
ones on this train Sui give me as long
as we can this is a train party next up
action-packed fun should tell her and
they can stop at the ice-cream place
that would be a great idea we'll see if
we can do that conductor like mother
like son
Jackson is loving this ice cream
she she saw some people with his
icecream and she could not resist so she
is indulging himself with some awesome
awesome ice cream for several days
yom-yom do you like it bud like the
sprinkles
cool huh take a break a sprinkle
I am shocked I'm amazed I cannot believe
this Ellie are you shocked an amazing
can't believe this right now you fun to
go through Twitter the past yes yes
Twitter has been amazing because so many
of you guys are getting your t-shirts
and hoodies and I love it I'm so excited
but I'm so jealous and I am glad that
everyone is saying that they like the
quality of them because like we said
before we I was like I'm not gonna do
cotton because I cannot move in those
shirts that was a good dance move though
I want to be able to like stretch so I
feel like we got a good quality material
and we were able to price it at a
reasonable
yeah everyone has been saying how soft
it is and I am so excited for you guys
are your t-shirts in fact the coolest
thing about this it's almost like yeah
like just an hour ago we found out that
our teespring campaign relaunch there's
been so many people that have wanted to
get in on the campaign that teespring
relaunched it so you guys can get it if
you missed out it's amazing yeah as of
right now when we're filming this
there's 10 days left in the campaign
when you're watching it tomorrow on the
vlog there will be nine days April 8th I
think is the last day I'm sad cuz ours
are in Utah in our mailbox and the
battery died Mars is home in Utah sigh
can't wait to get home and try them on
yeah like that's that's the hardest
thing is seeing everyone with theirs and
ours are like long gone in Utah but guys
the campaign is reopen so if you missed
out you guys can go get it I'll have a
link down below teespring comm slash
Ellie and Jared the softest thing you'll
ever feel on your body I have pictures
of the ones that we've gotten sporadic
throughout either was talking or that's
a great idea but um before we end the
vlog we're going back to Jennifer to go
visit her she's 30 minutes away so he
put Jackson to bed we're gonna go
grandma grandpa will be here we're gonna
go hang out and me and a few of the
sister-in-laws butt in on a gift I'm
just gonna tell you because one the vlog
it's an Erica carrier who she's gonna
love that because we love our isn't we
amazing love people have asked me which
carrier I have and I asked you guys
which carried your get to get my
doing the Ergo and i love it so we got
her one cool thanks for watching the
vlog today guys go check out the
teespring campaign and we'll see you
guys who will men not and lots and lots
of love still to Katie and : will have
their link down below if you don't know
who they are they're our friends going
through a really hard time right now go
send them some love okay okay we'll see
you guys tomorrow
bye we just finished watching Cullen's
vlog about his dad I thought I said
before I started this I said I'm gonna
end the vlog and I said I'm gonna get
emotional I know it but he said don't
take for granted the moments that you
have and it's so true this is like why
we started vlogging one of the reasons I
did
