good morning good morning how are you I
hope your day is going great I hope your
day is going great hope you sing dance
along
yeah Jackson you're having a good day
huh he's having a good day and I'll tell
you exactly why Ellie and I had a
financial meeting this morning and
grandma had the wonderful opportunity to
watch Jackson as we were gone now not
only did she watch Jackson she actually
took Jackson on a walk with wrinkles and
they had a really good time so yeah and
he I even got a really good nap that's
true
and she thought she blogged that's
exactly right she logged a little bit so
let's roll the intro and what we're
going to do is we're gonna watch some
cute grandma wrinkles Jackson action
okay grandma and Jackson and wrinkles
are going for a walk today Jackson's not
quite sure about this but wrinkles is
loving it she's been cooped up while we
were in Texas and now she just can't
wait to sniff Jackson what do you think
of this what do you think of this walk
yeah so wrinkles are pretty tuckered out
now so you can slowly walk around
Jackson's happy that we're moving aren't
you yeah well now we're just gonna
continue our walk so we all feel better
you know who I think is really cute me
is this little picture right here oh you
your mom and your son yes right here huh
do I just think you guys are cute
together
hold thanks you know what what I think
you're pretty cute yourself in fact I
might want to kiss you on the mouth well
thank you
I asked Jared's mom oh no I told you
it's mom I was like whenever I'm with my
sisters they're always like Jackson is
just he got Jared's personality he's
just so sweet and calm and nice and I'm
like what does that say about me but
Jackson really is a really good boy and
I think it's because Jared was always
like that growing up if you're just a
cute
ah I had perfect kids I was just now
saying sorry dad
well yeah and it goes to show on the
mothers part because you know her
whoever's raising the baby you know so
you did a good job huh there's two of
ahead there's hey hey who is that
good-looking guy tell you to go away I
know what Jackson's been doing lately
when he's gonna get too mad for slaps
yeah I shouldn't love my gosh you take
well not like slap you know the flop
yeah but he's got his hands well we're
back here again we've got to get our
target fill while we have the chance you
know we don't have a target where we
live mom so we've got to come here again
let's turn this well let's turn this way
okay I remember coming to target with my
mom all the time as a kid they lived oh
yes
and they can you bark I don't know I
ever get in treats no no yeah I get you
we got toys yeah we got yeah we got toys
yeah yeah
we're about toys not treats anyway I
remember this is where we would get like
my clothes and my shoes and
back-to-school shopping and being back
here with my mom it just brings back so
many memories let's go back to school
shopping okay okay I just love
remembering and having that nostalgic
feeling and that's why I like visiting
coming back home it's cuz you always get
that feeling you're like oh do you
remember that one time I love that ah
brings back so many good memories
Jackson Jax give me love can you hug in
look Oh put your head on him can you put
your head on him
oh he wants he wants the big caterpillar
it's like ten feet long
$34 that's not too bad for you
what do you think don't put your head on
that one that one is soft oh we're good
to go
he will look Jackson don't play the
little fuzzy part it's like pushing him
out of the stroller all right we're just
doing some shopping here waiting for mom
to get some things done and Ellie and I
are just kind of having a good time Oh
ah gotcha one-handed catch ready good
job Oh Jackson's got the ball taco taco
taco taco ah ah hey hey hey hey
touchdown I got it I got it ready ready
ready
down set Hey ha ha ha ha ha hey token
aah gotcha
shit ran like it was for life so before
I can even remember it's been a long
time probably like what 19 years my mom
and dad have had this TV and this to
stand and everything like that
but they're finally upgrading so this is
the before right here take a good look
yeah look at all those VHS tapes in
there VHS galore oh do you guys remember
little giants that was a good movie the
annexation of Puerto Rico something like
that man that was a funny play okay so
that's the before right there before I
think we have things under control now
I'm resting my poor dummy is heavy
Jackson's over there reading a book in
his little pink chair he's been playing
at the blocks and Jarrod how do you feel
going through all of these VHS is I feel
good feel really good as for cleaning up
and making room for minimalism
minimalism Jared found a DVD or a VHS I
found a VHS of that came with the vacuum
my mom purchased probably 20 years ago
and I went downstairs like mom do you
wanted to did you want to keep this VHS
that came with the vacuum we got 20
years ago and she's like wait what does
this video that came with your vacuum
did you want to keep and she laughed and
laughed and laughed it she's like we've
really have that so yeah you do
and with all these other VHS that my
parents have several VHS is - do you
guys still have any of those anyone out
there any grandparents that are watching
or maybe like other people than us funny
big spider pig is whatever is very big
guys so funny
do you like that Jack bad big spider pig
go do it everybody big guys ha
Eskimos
let me get on the carpet we should just
kick Jared and dad are coming out you
okay yeah are they okay
Jared and dad are coming down with me
old you okay yeah bad everyone step at a
time this is so bad
okay Jared dad coming down with the all
and they're gonna go in with you and I
hope that they go in a little better
than they're coming down because then
the new is gonna be old again
cause those little fingers father okay
and in with the new much better than
going downstairs yeah I don't hear any
fingers being smashed or walls being
banged right Dan yeah yeah looks good
what in the world is he doing what in
the world are you doing
you're Shan Funes wrinkles are you
sharing food with a dog and wrinkles is
so happy about it and wrinkles is very
very lightly if Jackson puts his hand
out wrinkles wrinkles fights but doesn't
bite Jackson's hand but will bite the
food yes come here
good add the dog dog you have a cracker
that he was sharing a doggy doggy well
ladies and gentlemen after only 30
minutes it may have seen what is that
right thirty minutes two hours two hours
okay maybe time was flying when you're
having fun it was you have fun so we
showed you the before and here is the
after what do you guys think let's go I
think it looks great and we got them set
up with chromecast and everything guys
my parents are finally in the 21st
century we're honest we don't even know
how to act it's so fun
volume on that oh did you throw up there
on chromecast Joe Bonamassa oh man
the bass was like the guitar so it was
like we're leaving a movie around here
in rocks just like seriously though I am
so excited for you guys this is gonna be
so fun
thank you so much now we'll have Ellie
and Jared on repeat 24 hours a day
that's right we'll just throw it on the
playlist and on chromecast and you guys
will be all good we should get a movie
and Sunday watch movie together oh we
totally should because this couch is one
of the most comfortable couches in the
world this couch is like quicksand you
can get in but you can't get out you're
just kind of like me sinking further and
further just it's the most comfortable
quicksand I've ever been well we just
finished watching Cullen's uh
you're Meachem i'ma Meachem that's
exactly right
we just finished watching Cullen's vlog
about his dad I thought I said before I
started this I said I'm gonna end the
vlog and I said I'm gonna get emotional
I know it but he said don't take for
granted the moments that you have and
it's so true this is like why we started
vlogging one of the reasons I did
well Jared always said he's like I want
to even before we decided to actually
post it for many people to see he was
like even if we don't do that I want to
start filming because I could never
heard my grandpa's voice and I want our
future kids to be able to hear my dad's
voice I want them to be able to hear how
he sings and I want him to know his
personality how funny is and everything
because I never knew that about my
grandpa like I never I never found out
those things I've only heard stories and
I want them to know who you are gosh
dang it and you know it yeah exactly I
mean there's something Divya
there's so many different things that I
love and I'm grateful for about you and
I don't want to take that for granted I
don't want to miss out on those things I
don't want my kids to miss out on those
things
and same thing with you
I love you guys and I'm grateful for you
we love you we love being a family we
send our love and hugs and prayers to
Katie and Colin it it is such a hard
thing to lose a loved one but hopefully
your faith and your knowledge will give
you the strength and you'll feel our
Heavenly Father's arms wrapped around
you and you just lost your dad I did and
watching the vlog and and and just the
way they were feeling you're just numb
and it just brought so many memories
yeah we love you guys and we're grateful
for your friendship and you know it's
it's interesting what I was saying and
on on Twitter and yesterday like there's
so much support from the YouTube
community and I'm grateful that we have
this almost like this outlet to express
ourselves and to share our lives and
it's it's been such an incredible
journey to be able to do this and to
have so many different people doing it
and seeing all of these different lives
and meeting these people it's it's been
such a neat experience and you know I'm
grateful for the friendships that we
have with you know all of our youtuber
friends and the people that we've met
and it makes
you know life fun and adventurous and
great and I'm grateful that we have
these memories to live and look at and
go back on and everything and it just
makes you think you know oh yeah so well
Katie Cullen Granberry we love you
it makes it getting so we love you guys
we're definitely thinking about you well
you're on our thoughts and prayers
thanks for watching today's vlog guys
have a wonderful evening and we'll see
you guys tomorrow
