well you sure found your spot here in
this place pretty quick didn't ya yeah
you like your little chairs you uh an
had that when she was here at she had
all these toys and Grandma kept them so
Jackson could play with them too he's
not even like moving out of that chair
he knows that's for him that's so funny
it was a crazy night last night don't
you think yes poor Jennifer but also
congratulations mama yes she had her
baby but they were up all night yes
Ellie and I got home around 7 o'clock
last night and we put Jackson down to
bed and then we cleaned up a little bit
and then we went to bed my mom and dad
Jennifer and Tyson were at the hospital
all night long
Jennifer had the baby at 4 in the
morning and I think she pushed like
three hours so you are a trouper
Jennifer through and through blue and
blue something else that rhymes with
you-know-who
that's a rhyme so we are we today is
Aaron day mom is going to be gone all
day she is going to do some service work
for our church she's gonna be gone all
day and then tonight she's gonna go
visit Jen and so I have a list of things
that I have to check off Jennifer's baby
shower is Saturday and I had she has a
baby so I have to talk to Jennifer and
get some things situated and then I've
got like five different stores I have to
run to so today is errand day let's run
some errands
okay we're on our way to go see Jenn and
that sweet little baby and we brought
her a Jamba Juice she requested a Jamba
Juice and Jackson is slowly getting
distracted
slowly but surely come on there you go
that's better mister all walk ten steps
for uncle Tyson but thing is we didn't
even get his longest steps on camera I
know well he's been stepping a lot
lately like this morning he was playing
with toys and he stepped like three
steps to get there and so he's slowly
getting more confident aren't you I
think he just wants he can't get to
where he's going fast enough so that's
yeah you know it's true I think that too
Jen you look so cute I need to kiss this
face kisses yeah I think if kisses oh
how are you feeling I actually feel
really good you know what's so funny I
was just about to say how are you
feeling sweetheart no it's just totally
fine to say but I always mix you and
Ellie up when we're just talking because
you guys are so close and looks and age
and everything
I might just kiss you might just kiss
your right on the mouth huh yes happy
cam and then um when I'm done I can
bring you guys back one at a time okay I
am so happy that you're doing so well
like you're up and walking like that's
so great I'm so proud of you know I can
actually feel my hips no earlier when I
first got up I couldn't feel my hips so
I was like waddling like a pig huh oh
you're cute you know that
congratulations
hi let's get him to walk okay
ready yet put your shirt now so you'll
see your intimates
that was a really good walk I was trying
to purposely be quite because half the
time I hear back footage and I'm like
belly shut up
that was good a moment did what I have
it's his moment not mine that was that
was good good so handsome okay I have to
say the hospitals are probably not the
most kid-friendly place unless you're
like a newborn then it's really really
great but keeping Jackson like in line
is pretty tough so uncle Tyson had the
ingenious idea let's just put him in the
tub I don't think I can get out of there
what do you think for us a perfect
containment place yeah and then you know
maybe we can even just close this up and
okay we'll be back in 15 minutes
how you feeling Jen good you look great
you're walking around that little boy is
just gorgeous he's so cute my gosh well
it I am very I get butterflies thinking
about like we're next
yeah actually Julia's next but then
we're next
all of these babies they're coming is so
great I'm so proud of you Jen and I'm
proud of you Tyson too he's in there
with Jackson doing his thing out of them
too
yeah you stayed the whole time good I'm
glad your husband stayed the whole time
you are delivering this good job Tyson
any other oh you guys don't have a name
yeah leave a comment down below what you
think I'll leave what you think Jennifer
should name the baby yo you're taking
suggestions right yeah but yeah but why
yes yes we are going to target in
Washington and I even brought my bag to
return some items that I purchased and
Utah because I figured we are gonna be
going this is the closest target to us
right
haha but yeah I figured when's the next
time I'm going to the target in Utah
which is 45 minutes away
I don't know and we were coming to
Spokane and I know they have a target
close by Jared's parents I was like I'll
bring my stuff and do my return here so
I bought some things for the baby's room
that didn't quite work out I wanted to
buy some spice racks and put books in
and it just they don't hold that much
and I just felt like I I didn't want
them anymore so I'm coming and returning
them and we are going to purchase some
baby tylenol you're writing a very very
sad oh yeah market balls at this target
no target balls at this target but Jared
and I were actually talking on the way
here of how hard were thinking of Colin
and his family at this time his yeah
we've been doing following him on
Twitter like praying for his family
right now
might be thinking that because they need
it right now more than ever you don't
know who we're talking about Colin and
Katie have their link down below but
they're going through a really hard time
with his dad right now so they're on the
way to the hospital actually to go and
visit him and I don't think things are
really looking good right now so keep
those to them keep them in your thoughts
and prayers here we go Marco Marco Marco
there you are all the kids are like wait
are we playing a game I was looking at
little baby shoes
I just ran down the hallway with Jackson
and he loved it Oh laughing yeah mister
I like to turn alright
he looks comfy this is the first time
we've done it done on the back I think I
tried it one time when I was first one
first pregnant but he looks comfy I look
good
oh I wish I won the whole Tim Jackson
just let your head down go to bed so
cute
I've been feeding it Jackson some snacks
we were all starving we're waiting for
Jarrod's pears to finish visiting Jen
now we have had a crazy day we were at
the hospital for several hours Jen fed
the baby for the first time and
everything went well but we were just
finishing up our errands before dinner
what's this hey hey where's Jackson
where's Jackson hey this reminds me of
the episode of Simpsons for some reason
spider monkey is it spider pig spider
pig yes
spider pig spider pig gonna edit out of
that Oh spider pig spider pig here runs
you have a little spider pig spider big
spider big you're a spider big yeah
you're so tired I am so sorry
Oh Jackson should we show one Oh Jackson
show one Eskimo kiss
what about what about butter-side kids
you like that butterfly kiss hmm
Eskimo kiss one more I love you he seems
to like it he seems to like it ma chere
take one more bite yeah and it one more
bite you got something on your forehead
there buddy but I want more hey how you
doing okay oh hey I didn't see you guys
we were just about to make out a little
bit but Shh I'll do that later hey guys
thanks for watching the vlog today I
hope you enjoyed it
Ellie and I have some very important
news that we want to close the vlog with
right now we've had a lot of people say
are you gonna do me up are you gonna do
a meet-up and we originally weren't
planning on doing Meetup
but our whole stay has changed a lot
thanks Jennifer you just had to have
your baby before we get here but no it's
a good thing because we're gonna have
our baby shower this weekend but I don't
really know if there's gonna be a baby
shower anymore yeah um so what we're
gonna do is I think on Monday mm-hmm at
4:00 Monday at 4:00 p.m. at Riverfront
Park next to the big red wagon I'll have
a picture right here over Ellie's face
it's the big red wagon you if you guys
are from here you know exactly what it
is we're gonna have a meet-up and it's
just gonna be a little casual fun casual
Meetup and it's just going to be a place
basically a gathering for us to just
hang out for a little bit it's not going
to be official or anything but Monday 4
p.m. next to the big red wagon at
Riverfront Park and if you want to come
great if not Jackson will just go down
the slide a million times
that's what's gonna happen yet so bring
your kids it'll be a lot of fun and we
hope to see you guys there
thanks again for watching and we'll see
you tomorrow bye bye
here's Ellie's knee cap oh and here's
Calvin which I called him Clavin on
Twitter and Sam has to reimburse all of
your gifts say hi cows hey guys one last
thing we just got word from Collin that
his dad has passed away I'm gonna have
his channel link down below make sure
you guys go over and send some love to
his his family right now
you know a lot of us know what it's like
to lose someone but it's always nice to
have the support especially from a
community like we have here on YouTube
so make sure you guys go check out Coen
and let him know that you guys are
thinking of them and sends your love and
support his way
member
