I need you in my life you like that
Calvin just follow us and walk ball that
is brother
good morning guys Ellie is out picking
up Jackson from school and she has this
dough right here where she is making
bread rolls or something like that
and while she's gone she gave me a very
detailed list of things that I need to
do before she gets home first off wash
your hands
second beat the dough now I never seen
the walking dead
not once in my life but I could imagine
a scene just like this what do you have
to say about that third knead the dough
please me go to song
do not go I need you let the dough rise
rise my friend rise and live a better
life one where you will be truly free
all right
my work here is done you ready yeah
excuse you don't blow so hard so you get
it out no it's in there you please blow
well thank you okay you guys ready to go
very Cal it is 3:25 let's see how long
this lasts I'm inside making rolls and
cinnamon rolls kids wanted to go outside
so I got him in there get up laughs okay
nice no my boys anxious to see how long
they last outside because they go
outside
not very often without me I bet this
summer will be different especially with
the feds and all the grass let's see
where they wind up I feel like that
Kelvin just follows him
they've used so much jarred for kneading
beating rolling my dough while I was
gone I've got some rolls under here that
are rising and the leftovers I'm gonna
make a little bit that's to the mineral
and I love that I can just see him on
the slide over there oh my goodness
he's like yelling at him to move it's
kind of hard to move in here at the
bottom of the slide there we go
he moved over for ya oh good job Jackson
for waiting they're not plowing into him
this is just classic you be nice to
Jackson or I'm not gonna let you play
outside did you want to go outside do we
be nice to Jackson do we be nice to
Jackson yes that was classic I went out
there and I grabbed chick Kelvin cuz he
was being not good and I got mad at
Kelvin and Jackson laughs because I
think taking Kelvin in because I'm like
helping you not playing outside so I
took him inside of course Calvin's
crying and Jackson's over in the snow
just laughing because he got in trouble
which is that not a relationship right
is that not classic I really don't think
that's ever happened but he was laughing
so wait it serves him right because
Calvin so Calvin was being mean to
Jackson right well that was part of it
that part of it and then you're like on
my house and so you picked up Calvin to
take him away hmm Jackson starts
laughing you know he starts crying
mm-hmm
that is brother/sisterhood how many
times did one of my sisters laugh when
one of not in trouble anyway I said the
kids don't play outside off and hardly
by themselves especially yeah in the
back but it's cute to watch them and I
had watch them learn but I seriously was
like Calvin I can't I can't let you get
away with that so I think we're good now
we'd be nice to Jackson
no look it comes out fast so just do a
little bit on one he really wanted to
put sprinkles on perfect no let's let
perfect now spread it out with your
hands on it you can kind of move them
around like that perfect you want to
just do one - okay good Kevin
you do it on this one perfect perfect
you know what I think just on yours and
Calvin's that way mommy and daddy can
enjoy the others and you guys have
sprinkles on yours okay
hello hey are you doing good today you
are you just playing and having fun
today is that what you're doing yeah
good that is so good to hear you know
I've been having a great day today too
I've been working really hard I've been
having fun with my kids now I noticed
that you talked with Santa - the other
day do you remember what you asked for
from Santa Oh a big cookie he says I
think that might be able do you think
your mom hold on one second do you think
we could put in a good word with a big
red that Kevin wants for Christmas
oh I don't know he has to be a good boy
okay hey are you would you say that
you're on the nice list or the naughty
list
he's starting to come up with
explanations I just don't know if he
knows I'll just have to wait yeah we'll
have to wait and see okay I've got to
help Mom with dinner do you mind if I
give you a call later okay
Oh taking him to jail he's a part-time
the police officer I had no idea okay
talk to you later bye on the dinner
tonight we are sitting down as a family
now we are going to have a good dinner
and everyone's gonna stay we're gonna
talk we're gonna laugh and mingle for
the last two seconds why don't you watch
it or not we have Rawls we have green
beans I have frosting for cinnamon rolls
I've got ham in the oven and sweet sweet
cinnamon rolls for when the kids go to
bed yeah and breakfast for two days yeah
perfect what getting it
well hi fam hypen miss sneakin during
prayer eating that was naughty I mean
that's something I expect gives you even
Calvin did how often do you guys have
family dinners together growing up we
pretty much had family dinner every
night but I feel like lately we haven't
done a really good sit down like it's
just kind of been like a lazy yeah just
kind of like almost like grab and go
because one thing here was young so this
feels good to sit down and eat a good
meal kids are loving it look at that
coven's eating off his green beans holy
moly
you guys like dinner awesome
yeah you'll get your sprinkle her all
huh last year so we always get hit grape
farms I'm the Christmastime which we
need to go get some then last year I got
this cranberry mustard we hardly used it
but it is so good on a ham sandwich and
yep that's it and our camera is blurry
what kind of a hot mess you want that
okay take it we have an awesome system
in place Jackson is bringing I'm loading
all of the dishes thank you
and then there were two only two left in
this house camera we need to get a new
camera
oh hi sweet little thing hi how are you
where are you the book that Jared got me
because I'm like I wonder what I look
like at 10 weeks miss Jackson Colin yeah
and now you can go through the book and
find out a picture look at that face oh
those sweet little boys
Calvin is laying in bed right now with
that blanket mm-hmm they both have those
blankets since they were born and they
love them I should bring him a new one
maybe one that's big because they're
getting to the point where they're
bigger are getting bigger than the
blankets these are like a little bit
little infant blankets but they're still
big enough to cover them but
my gosh do you love that book I think I
remember looking at Jackson when he was
a baby I'm like I'm surprised he's as
big as he is like this kind of she was a
junkie baby which I love mm-hmm he's so
cute I just remember kissing him
non-stop oh yeah you know what I love
that was like Kelvin just kisses like he
shows his affection what did I say at
dinner is that Calvin stopped kissing
well this is where we are right now it
is I feel like for some reason it's
Sunday I'm not sure why it but I feel
like it anyway it's Tuesday tomorrow's
Wednesday my brain is so scattered right
now I can't even stand it but I'm just
happy I'm wearing some assembly required
I'm wearing our merch finally if you
guys want to check that I'll have a link
to it in the description and in the
iCard so you guys can order some I think
if you order with rush delivery you will
still get some before Christmas so check
that out
thanks for watching guys hope you have a
wonderful day and we will see you guys
next time bye
