all right it's 3:00 in the morning are
you ready to go yeah let's get Jackson
woke in the room mm-hmm we have morning
breath
are you ready to go on a trip buddy
well it's about time to stop bugger way
stop good morning
oh he doesn't all look at me he's like
don't talk to me that wants to eat
Jackson has been such a trooper this
trip he has been so good like honestly
I've complained Martha oh yeah I have
two of my hips hurt my head hurt
stop complaining Eloise I can move
around but he's not such a good trooper
I'm just unpacking some lunch I made us
all sandwiches we've got our grapes and
then guess what else we ordered some
yummy snacks from graze and they even
sent me a cute card saying congratula
techniques I told him that I was
pregnant and what grace is is it is a
healthy snack box so you get little
healthy snack box peach cobbler
that's what I'm diving into I have a
hard time finding healthy snacks other
than like granola bars that I actually
will need and like and I have a hard
time spending money on them because I
want them to be yummy not just plain and
so this is kind of a fun way to eat some
healthy snacks
so we're going to go ahead and try some
out Jared which one do you want to try
first
once I say honey drizzle cashews cashews
mother bad news there's one oh you want
me to forget it to you what do you think
I'm not gonna I'm not going to like I
don't like cashews I will I like almonds
I really don't like peanuts either
Alice's peanut butter
I liked it too covered because it makes
it taste yummy there is no one that's
sold up
but they have it-- peach cobbler and
lemon honey drizzle
and they even have campfire smores like
how fun is that
that's just kind of fun it's a fun way
to use of healthy snacks but we have
this and it starts at $6.99 a box and
you can get it weekly or bi-weekly if
you guys are interested in this we do
have a coupon code down below for a free
graze box if you want to try it out but
if you do if you do you have to let us
know my sister in the past when we've
had some fun coupon codes before she's
used them and that never tells me about
it until months later like there's been
two now two times that we've had
something fun going on and Julie's
called me like a month or two later
she's like I really liked that you
should do it again and I was like what
no I ain't totally so if you do you'll
have to tell us but this is actually
really fun especially for our roadtrip
in the s'mores version these are like
look these like our little soft like
marshmallows as a fig you were on a
camping trip am I on the am ia grossing
over the fire yeah don't you like eating
s'mores
yeah that is so funny I just took the
bite we're just eating and I was like oh
it's yummy that's like a little
marshmallow can I have some more please
you're smart I'm here tomorrow when I
haven't had any
we have some exciting news right now
guess what do I break the news I'm gonna
break the news my sisters in labor she's
having a baby she's in labor right now
we are going to Washington because
Jennifer you guys have seen us together
we didn't get one last pregnancy picture
together we'll have to post a picture
right here of us but my very first was
pregnant
Jennifer's shower is on Saturday it's
Emma Kane we came to go to the core well
we came so Ellie can I go to her shower
and everything but she's like no I'm
just gonna have the baby right now
and so Jared's mom is actually not even
in Washington she's in Salt Lake City
stuck at the airport with a delayed
flight and Jennifer's not due for
another week or so and she's at the
hospital out of three she's gonna have a
baby she is in labor she's in labor in
labor she's having a baby
we're only two hours away and so but you
know I love Jackson's of course not he's
a Korean look at those angry eyebrows
there's a shout-out to don't
you say mind the brows Jackson don't be
angry like give me my lunch in smile but
we are almost there this will be an
exciting day to figure out how this goes
all right we just received an update
from mom and dad soon to be the new
Grandma and Grandpa in this town mom and
dad are still in Salt Lake City and they
just got a report there on the tarmac
right now but their plane was delayed
again Jenna hello they don't they don't
know that's the thing is that they just
don't know um we might actually beat
them whole isn't that crazy
because then Texas but we're driving
from Utah and we left right around the
same time baby come home I feel bad
which is crazy jennifer is at the
hospital right now she's out of three
and her contractions are two minutes
apart she's having this baby she is
having a baby excited for her this is
fun because we thought that hurry to
come and then go home and then she would
have her baby but she's never baby it
will be able to hold him hey guys we are
just wrapping up in the last 15 minutes
of our trip with a live what is it
called
murder can meerkat I want Saint Mark II
but it's like a meerkat so it's live so
pretty much we are doing a live one take
vlog for everyone so I'm like doing like
two things at once
so anyway say hi guys hi everyone say hi
to the ball we're just wrapping up and
Jackson did so good this trip he really
his only wind a little bit and it's just
been this last little bit and he like he
I whined more than him so but anyway
we're here in town well and I was just
thinking we're driving down this road
and I know I've said it every single
time that we drive down this road with
Ellie but like this is memory lane this
or driving down memory lane right now I
spent like all my high school days that
Taco Bell right back there I know every
time where is it there it is right there
I have so many fun memories of hanging
out at all with my friends and just
chatting and having fun and staying out
late and just you know it's just like I
love the feeling that you get when you
remember things like nostalgia like and
that feeling it just is so dear and I
love it and so coming home I just
flooded with nostalgia and memories and
it's the greatest thing all right
Jackson are you ready to see wrinkles
though tweakers come here wrinkles come
on
Jackson what is he thinking of these
guys might be wise to pattern wrinkles
come here oh oh oh you miss you Jackson
like doesn't even care
he lost her crawl Jackson man to puppy
hey she's you know dog know Jackson's
ready to cross Shu see where he goes he
wanted scent wrinkles okay you gonna
crawl around hey after 10 hours in the
car he finally is good to roam wherever
he pleases does this feel good to be out
of the car and we beat grandma grandpa I
just texted Jared's mom and I said beat
you loser buys dinner so they can get us
dinner tonight go get him is it a doggie
he's a dog hey dog but Dad why did you
lock the dog out
well the dog play the doctor I'm
thinking that she wanted to go to the
bathroom but she no she just doesn't
know what she wants cuz mom and dad her
mom and dad aren't home yet Jackson has
been playing with the dog well been
running away the way the dog is chasing
him he's like Oh Brandon in choker right
here inkle
we all want to get on this love action
whoo giddyup Kok yep let's go giddy up
giddy up giddy up
Riegel's is like I'm not moving I'm not
going anywhere stay in here Oh Oh bye
quick Ellie we're at the hospital
pretend like you're in labor oh I'm
sorry honey
well we finally got to the hospital and
we're about to go see Jennifer she
excited yeah uh it is a rainy rainy day
wait they say congratulations to us but
it's not us it's Ellie her it's Jennifer
we're about to go into the hospital and
we're gonna go see Jen she just we just
found out she's dilated to a five and
that's when Ellie really took off so I
think things might be five to nine like
20 minutes
I don't know 40 hear me yeah something
like that so we just got handy you won't
do it for Dad it'll do it for uncle
Tyson oh yeah one more
Oh cute well we're here in the hospital
with my sweet sister Jennifer
how you feeling pretty good you look
good yeah you know little bit beautiful
she does yeah don't get too close oh
you're it's how are you feeling I feel
good good epidural how long I'm not
keeping traffic that you don't like
don't worry about that you don't have to
worry about you know any timing or
anything the only thing you have to
worry about is pushing on that baby cops
right after that pearl I feel really
good I'm just chill here good well
you've got lots of support here down
chef it's a party it's a party in here
yeah
the cutest little boy we can't wait well
only only a little bit longer my baby's
coming
that little baby boy and it's your turn
yeah I know it's been fun to have like
all my sisters and this is from all
seven babies because there's there's
gonna be a baby born like every five or
ten weeks for the next for the next one
you were a few months from our both
sides of our family that's crazy
exciting yeah what did you say I said
just because he's my grandson
or is he actually and truly the cutest
baby in the entire world
oh my gosh that's pretty brave to say
and not with those puppies on his face
come he is pretty thank you
you're free thank you taking ten steps
at a time for uncle Tyson no job to deal
with that my eyes are rolling on the
floor I can't even give him animal
crackers to do it yes get this Isis
we've got to drive 10 hours for Jackson
to walk each step but we we left
Jennifer at the hospital she's at a five
she's resting and we are gonna grab
something to eat at tomato Street this
seriously I wanted to show the sign to
Bayless treat it seriously sounds yet me
we haven't really eaten other than
little snacks in the car which we're
amazing but we want some food to get
into our system if you're not gonna
write you subscribe to Jared and Ellie
then I don't want you riding at all
oh that's cute
beautiful
okay I'm starving I'm gonna leave yeah
how cute is Jackson in the waiting room
right now
Jared pulled up a little chair and he's
just done sitting here and of course I'm
disrupting him now Richard farts and
he's playing like a little it's little
magnets
little boy oh that's cute did you do
that oh that's cute you weren't supposed
to be there you know and the greatest
show of almost all television is on two
Boy Meets World
well it's getting pretty late and
there's still no baby just yet so I
think we're gonna go and put Jackson
down for bed is that okay Jim how are
you feeling you're sleeping star you
still running on a little fever yeah I
have a temperature let me feel yeah let
me come with there's there's a little
temperature they have thought they gave
me some Tylenol ken well we love you and
a couple bites of jello oh yeah what
flavor orange that's okay yeah I was
thinking maybe like cherry yeah James
okay but okay well good luck with
everything
loves you're coming mm-hmm such a long
drive
Oh anything for you anything for you
guys okay
keep us posted okay we'll see ya well I
said we were going on a big adventure
but I didn't think it would be that big
today honestly Jen going to the hospital
was a huge surprise and a very exciting
surprise to everyone
oh my goodness are you exhausted yes you
we've all been up since 3:00 I'm your
parents have been up since 1:00 a.m.
everyone's pooped yes bad secreto
vertical antic yes I'm gonna edit the
vlog we're gonna clean up a little bit
get a little situated well thank you
very much welcome and we're going to bed
because we're exhausted we are very
excited to be here in Spokane Washington
a lot of fun plans coming up yes we do
so I guess that's it I guess we're
saying goodbye thanks for joining us on
meerkat today that was a lotta yeah that
was really fun so I'm gonna make out
with my wife okay you know you can't
watch don't even ask that's gross okay
see you bye
