wait wait let me see what it is Phil we
spell 300
that's so funny he had there were three
goldfish right here on the ground and
that's all that he spilt the goldfish
was right up here whoo hold it down no
way yeah good job I'm actually I'm not
even yeah crowd I'm not even that I'm
actually impressed
he pulled the goldfish down and only
spilt three good job son
goldfish are like my favorite snack good
morning guys we wanted what we're doing
today all morning I had been filming
some videos I filmed this makeup
eyeshadow tutorial and I'm going to go
ahead and film one last video of my top
three favorite lipsticks for my channel
and Jared has been so kind and has been
able to set up and help me figure out
some lighting but Jackson just got it
from an app and so Jared opened the door
and and Jared was helping me in here
Jackson snuck downstairs and we heard
heard the bowl of of goes like that's my
sound of the bowl falling on the ground
good to go dipping but I was like oh my
goldfish and I ran and I was like where
are the goldfish like there's no
goldfish and there's three on the floor
I'm like good job kids what dexterity
young man that is so funny he wanted
those goldfish
dump it out of my hand
captain oh by the leather I don't find a
letter don't bite the leather sir
he's like I'm teething I want to bite it
it's like whack-a-mole uh Joel my
brother-in-law said that he knew someone
that when they're babies were teething
they all teased on beef beef jerky yeah
because they like the flavor and it was
really funny that you I mean they you
wouldn't have to worry about anything
yeah also just taste so good Oh future
Hannigan of Homer Simpson and his Donuts
Oh mmm Oh nuts
you should go get us Donuts I want to
paint Donna ah pink orange Dona is the
orange or pink I think I don't know I'm
cute low needs a B one time it was so
funny cuz it was kind of annoying but it
was cute at the same time grandma
grandma pink donut I won't be Dona Dona
I wanted pink wine on the pink donut
he's finally putting stuff away he okay
put it in the bucket hey put it in the
bucket oh now he's done he always just
pulls things up he never puts things in
and he totally started filling that up
good job good job you're learning you're
getting older can't wait till we have a
dog and you can pick up his poop like we
had to hun-gu Patrol that's what we
called it look who came to play Boston
came to play he already found an awesome
toy bonnie is at the doctor's office
right now she's finding out she's having
a boy or a girl
can you believe that that happened away
fast I'm excited for her but I told her
to drop Boston off so the Jackson could
have a friend to play with
and you're painting their faces look
like she's my--like these are these eyes
that funny busted no I don't know why
we're all stuck in here but we're having
such a good time we might as well just
hang out we've got a little band going
right here Boston on the keyboard yellow
little piano pounder Jackson's on the
ukulele the two string ukulele that is
he's so good he doesn't need four
strings he doesn't get stick strings on
a guitar
he only needs two and that's how he does
his solos he rocks those solos with two
strings on the ukulele Oh Boston little
tag team they're on the ukulele we're
having a good time I don't know how he
got just stuck in here but we're like
this is fun and it's warm
yeah well Ally's been making her own
heat source she's been lighting up some
you know a little bit here and there so
I don't know why we're still in here
you're creating heat LA is what I'm
trying to sell I'm freezing maybe you
should turn up the heat you are Oh
sharing your head Jax is like what is
that on my head you put on Jackson's
head put it on his head oh can you put
it on there you go oh look at that oh oh
so here's a question are you guys a Red
Sox fan or you guys Yankee fans that's
what I like
yeah Jackson rarely leaves his hats on
well he's been doing produces new one
yeah but look he looks so cute
so that's the question today are you
guys a Red Sox fan or a Yankees fans
that's that's a good question I would
say I don't know jeez you're more of a
Yankees fan
okay keys are uh Red Sox Boston Red Sox
I don't know if there's a right answer
but I would always say Yankees a lot of
people would say Oh Yankees No Go Red
Sox go right so I don't and honestly so
here's my philosophy with sports I don't
have like a lot of favorites when it
comes to sports I like to see a good
game no matter who it is like March
Madness the best thing about March
Madness
it's how close the games are and I like
that with all of the sports football
games baseball games basketball games
like high scoring close games are the
best thing about sports and if the
Boston Red Sox and the New York Yankees
went up against each other and they have
like a good score a close game that
would be the best thing ever
Boston he just wants you to say hi back
what's going on he's like no Jackson say
hi hey hi hey hey oh say say Cody say
Cody
say Cody he's like oh say Cody he loves
that
the kids are having fun just sitting by
each other we're getting some things
ready for a big adventure tomorrow and
Jackson thought it'd be funny to help
out and this is how I found him all
tangled up in these coat hangers you put
him like that what me the dad person
tangled Jackson up in these hangers cuz
he keeps getting in the way no I would
never do that or would I would I can you
get out oh he's like these clothes
hangers can't bind me I'm Jackson no
clothes hanger will bind me down
um I'm um
Bink he's good no no no no no family are
you in here yeah oh good I'm so glad
because we have one stop that we need to
take before we go on our big adventure
tomorrow Jackson are you excited are you
ready no you're not ready you're eating
dinner well you bet we have to go to one
store we have to go to Walmart to get a
few things before we go on a big
adventure tomorrow I bet you're
wondering what that big adventure is
we'll stay tuned for the next
sort of jelly jelly Ellie and Jared and
you will see for yourself okay you guys
ready are you ready let's do this
on your marks get set don't don't worry
I can't read you guys are too expensive
to be ruined
Jax is like what's this wet not my face
dangerous of me you did huh made a tummy
haha are you okay I think I'm having a
Braxton contraction I forgot to put that
on my update I've been having a lot of
Braxton contractions just uh practice
ones did you enjoy the rain dig dig dig
dig dig it up
hey look and swing his little legs oh
he's almost good it's like my hip keeps
getting in the way on the way
good job buddy all right guys I think I
need to be real with you I think I need
to be straightforward and honest and
true chase him enough and all the things
that I do every single day
would you agree Ally do we need to be
true chasing benevolent all the things
that we do every single day Jackson it
you agree guys I I am going to bed I'm
going to edit this vlog and I'm going to
go to sleep it's not even seven o'clock
but I am gonna go to sleep do you want
to know why because Ellie and I and
Jackson well hopefully not Jackson but
Ellie and I are waking up bright and
early early on more than crack of dawn
Oh dark hundred is when we're gonna wake
up and we are gonna drive to Washington
what time are waking up um I'm thinking
three okay three we're gonna get out of
here as fast as you can so
that's it for the vlog today I hope you
have a wonderful day today guys we're
going to be driving as you're watching
this so hopefully all things are safe
and secure and all things are locked
away we may do a Q&A live on meerkat
yeah make sure to follow Jared and I or
one of the other or both on Twitter yes
follow us on Twitter the links are down
below at Jeremy kuma LED command we're
going to do a live chat on meerkat
tomorrow while we're driving so thank
you guys again Jackson your butt is so
cute and I'm actually I'm gonna zoom
right into that I'm gonna do better yeah
have a good day guys bye Obie's he's
like hey hey buddy bye bye good job
hey you need to go to sleep I need to go
to sleep I haven't even finished that it
in the vlog yet you need to go to sleep
so I can go to sleep okay okay bye
