hi hi hi hi hi gel baby hi
say good morning say hippopotamus say
drill say mommy's my favorite whoo good
morning guys today is a laser day
actually it's not lazy you'll have a
lazy day it is raining and today or
tomorrow supposed to be really stormy
and raining and Jared and I already did
our spring deed junking in our room and
so today is the day that mom is gonna
clean the house I got my bucket and I'm
gonna clear out the kitchen and
everything is getting mopped the toilets
are getting scrubbed and Jackson is just
gonna cuddle on the couch or he'll help
me clean either way I won't say no to
help cover Lin are you cuddling on your
blanket are you cuddling on your blanket
are you ready for bed you wanna go take
a nap hi she likes spongebob alik
spongebob - Alec told me to come
downstairs and take a look at the
awesomeness that is currently going on
right now
hey buddy did you get up on that chair
all by yourself
oh and he like heaven bothering like he
hasn't disturbed yet well he's been
standing on the chairs and crawl you too
and then he will sit on his blanket all
morning he's been like lying on his
blanket that's so cute Allie sent me a
picture of Jackson just put this head
down right over there just like relaxing
and having a good time he's like Oh
mom's cleaning the kitchen and I'm just
sitting here watching some TV like this
is so cute so we just put Jackson down
for a nap but now I have to go get the
car serviced our brakes are acting like
super funny and it makes us really weird
grinding sound it's like different than
I've ever heard before I think it might
be the wheel bearings but I have to go
get those checked out and since we only
have one car we have to enlist the help
of our favorite sister-in-law here in
Logan that is currently living a little
bit away from us I have to be very
careful about what I say because I love
all our family members but Bonnie's
gonna be helping us out while we get the
car fix and everything but I'm gonna
bring the camera so we can see what
we're gonna do today
so we just dropped off the car at the
mechanic place and look who I'm with
right here hey guys how's it going
what you doing we're what you doing oh
hey Bonnie hey fancy seeing you here
oh it's funny seeing you guys here
bonnie is so nice she's letting me hang
out with her while the cars in the shop
and she's driving me around town and
we're stopping at Walmart so we can get
some groceries for these kids huh yeah
yeah like treats didn't you talk about
treats in church yesterday something
like that snacks it's basically all day
I was just gonna say that's on your mind
a lot huh what's your favorite treat
George thanks gold fish what's yours
candy bars Wade the poo he liked all the
mud job yes he does what is Winnie the
Pooh say
does winnie-the-pooh say Oh bother Oh
bother
what does piglets say oh oh did a dear
dear
does this pick let's say that what does
Tigger say I thought you guys loved what
a the poon doesn't take her say T I
double go
how do you know all this Wendy the Pooh
did you watch ready to go when you're
yeah but like I swear you guys like can
quote this stuff way better than us
girls can see I I like to quote things
but I'm not near as good as I want to be
according these honey now what is your
favorite quote from any movie any TV
show or Winnie the Pooh we're all done
at Walmart in the car isn't quite done
yet so we're gonna go into this awesome
toy store here where the kids are gonna
have an amazing time hello get how are
you you having fun are you playing with
some trains yeah that's so cool
do you guys are probably wondering like
sure why the heck are you with Bonnie
right now well I'm with Bonnie right now
and Ellie's not with us or he's because
Jackson is taking nap but we couldn't
let Jackson Justin be there by himself
so I have I'm hanging out with Bonnie
just while the car's in the shop and the
car's just just about done they said
about a half an hour so we're just kind
of killing time waiting for the car to
be done we're at this play store and we
actually might even go back to our place
and say hi because I think Jackson's
awake now so we might all gather up and
say hello new hands dear Jackson your
handstand ooh
rolling works to our little lazy day
actually turned out to be really fun
because guess who is going to stay and
play
trying to show him how you open that
phone Oh close try it again
cool guys this used to be my very first
cell phone it was the raisin not raisin
Fraser
it was the razor phone and I loved I
still love it and when I was cleaning
out my stuff at home yeah I wait like
she's gonna love playing with this so
anyway bought
has been so good to help us our car did
you tell about our car yeah yeah the
wheel bearing and so why don't give him
an update so what happened I think we
were correct I think I said it was the
wheel bearing but the wheel bearing on
the back left tire is bad so they're
replacing that and they're doing an oil
change on the car yeah I was it was
funny because I was like huh I never
explained why Ellie wasn't with us
so they're like Oh Elian or Bonnie and
Jared are just hanging out the whole day
with my other sister Julie that's so
funny I did Julianne even held hands
videos were sitting fixed a bond has
been really good to drag her give and
take us and be good to us and I stayed
here while Jackson that but I told
Bonnie I was like just go home like put
Boston down leave Cody here Jared and
Cody can play and Jackson can play I'll
finish cleaning upstairs and this will
be a fun day and we'll just get our car
fixed and hub treats Jackson that's not
very nice did he just crawl over and sit
on you
yeah that's hurting here Jackson get off
your cousin so everyone in there dog has
been using meerkat lately it's like a
streaming app and I'm watching Jimmy
thumbs up : k did yeah yeah come on
Katie did last night and I've seen Sam
do it and I've seen some other people do
it but um like look at this maybe we
should try this sometime like Jimmy
Fallon well isn't just like Skype bursts
that's a live stream so it's like it's
like doing a Google hangout but just on
your phone just real quick mom that
would be fun that would be really fun to
do yeah oh yeah got a Friday night me
and you could do we can do like a Q&A so
fun well Jackson is just thinking it's
okay to just cook it he's my boy
just like Leila stomping hey are you
okay in there hey buddy I think it's
gonna be time to say goodbye to your
cousin I think he's gonna take a nap you
missed her
say bye-bye bye-bye sorry bye
sometimes I get confused if he's wanting
milk or saying goodbye because he kind
of does the same thing
bye Jared is testing out that meerkat
right now and there's actually like a
lot of people watching I'm like how the
super eyes Elysium is wrong doing this I
don't know how it works and so we're
like hey we'll watch Cody if you want to
get some legs done you know have almost
kid to go around hey everybody we're on
meerkat real people watching oh my gosh
that's so fun Oh technologies on call I
have to take from the car crap you have
to hang up on them guys look at the
clouds guys it's been stormy thundering
raining all day like usually I show you
the beautiful mountains right there but
holy cow look at it it's crazy is the
car done yeah nice all this sweet we'll
go get it
oh my gosh it's hail there's hail Oh
Jeepers Creepers lemon squeeze look at
that hail it's like getting your ass
isn't that crazy look at the weather
don't you see lightning
oh yeah you don't want to ask me did you
hear that thunder guys did you hear the
thunder Cody up in the sky you say hi
hmm
peekaboo Oh peekaboo he can be with you
and always think of you oh there you go
say hi hi Ellie I think we need to talk
about something very serious hey you
tell me I think we have the stinky kid I
think he smells I could have sworn he
had a poopy diaper but nope
there was no poop I feel bad but he got
his stinkiness for me I guess we are
given this boy a haircut are you excited
for a haircut you think your wins big
okay yeah you look like Professor Snape
Severus Snape or do you look like Drakon
Draco Malfoy because you've got like
blond hair and stuff I've got some
grapes here then I'm going to feed
Jackson to distract him so does not turn
his head and and do a mistake like I did
and get a sweet little nick in his hair
that lasts for weeks before you go to
playlist live jeepers look at pumpa is
that cool mmm hey Jackson give us a
before spin give us us within this is
before alright who's being an awesome
boy getting their hair cut this guy is
distraction with the screen Brooke
Jackson hi hey buddy
better around to ears than any kid I
have cut their hairy kid he's so good
and now to introduce Jackson
new-and-improved give us a spin Jackson
oh my goodness look how kid you look
you're so sharp do you like it yeah you
look handsome
hey do you like your haircut little man
what do you think you're doing little
man what are you doing I felt like I
could eat the whole box in someone
wanted to share so he has got a
chocolate mustache oh it was really
gross when my mom would like grab one of
the noose and nephews hand after they
had chocolate and to not make a mess it
so my mom's gross is Lena's gross
where my sisters used to all would like
do that to the kids of space/time
sitting here them like it's not gross
gross is it I don't know some people
might think that's gross some people
might think like oh that's your kid of
course that's fine
yeah it's my kid I would never do this
to my niece to Neffe is just because of
what I am me I would I would like Jack
to space that sure like a little doggie
they do it Oh Jackson that's my job you
can't do that that's my job right there
he's like I'll lick your face too mom
okay you look my knowledge yours my gosh
oh it feels good to sit dark chocolate
over my face no you're good just Jackson
just sit Jackson has enough chocolate on
his face for the both of you we've been
busy crazy working you have been working
a lot haven't you thank you for working
so hard oh brain freeze baby brain
freeze Oh
Sean Daly Kelvin there you go you can
have some chocolate Oh
checks is so it thank you for working so
hard and doing everything between the
house you know what I'm doing some
things you know for the car and for
YouTube and everything thank you for
working so hard around the house it
doesn't mean a lot to me especially when
you're seven months pregnant you're
welcome
so well should we say goodbye should we
say goodnight I'll say goodbye but we'll
see you all tomorrow maybe well think
about it if the Sun comes up tomorrow
you will see a vlog from us that's
probably what's gonna happen well let
start Internet keeps going out that's
the other thing is we need to get on our
internet it's a very list to do it all
but yeah well guys thank you so much for
watching have a wonderful day make sure
you thumbs up this video if you enjoyed
it and if you super liked it
congratulations see you guys bye
hey stop hitting yourself stop hitting
yourself
he is so hyper oh oh look at him go look
at him go here hmm
night good night good night good night
