welcome to the greatest welcome to the
greatest video in the world I just got
done shouted Mike Cody we have some
visitors here with us today
ah Bonnie and the kids are here and
they're gonna have dinner with us isn't
that so cool oh you know what Cody
you know what Cody let me see that ball
lemmers in a ball let me see that ball
Cody come over here we're gonna do this
execution-style Cody come over here
stand right here
do you want a face do you want to face
me or do you want to face the wall
you want to face me okay
all right here's the windup here's the
windup Pony gotcha hey Boston how are
you bud hey Olivia Oh No
so we just got back from church not too
long ago oh wow oh I'll do that I'll do
that in a second what I want to do guys
real quick is I want to go and I want to
ask you guys I want to ask you guys a
very important question kay we just got
back from church okay and I want to know
what you learned about in church today
oh wow that's great
Cody what did you learn about in church
today Oh snacks I love that part about
church Bonnie what did you learn in
church today well I'm surprised until
you he learned about fish Olivia making
fun of him because he's
he learned about fish today but if you
really talked about fishing class Oh
fish is good
le what did you learn oh I did what you
say
Oh oui Relief Society was on being a
travel size oh good le what did you
learn about today in church
you you and Cody must be in the same
class well we in sacrament meeting today
we talked about listening and I thought
that was really cool because they were
in my unity of the video that I watched
over the weekend it's called like
project listen and basically what we
talked about in church was that we need
to listen a lot more in our daily lives
to those around us with our spouses and
friends and family and this video that
I'm talking about project listen what it
is it's it's listening with your heart
and with your mind and these guys it's
so cool because these guys are deaf but
they talk about how important listening
is anyway I'll have the video linked
down below it's from its project listen
so I'll have a link to it down below you
guys should check it out because like
it's a tear jerker like it just makes
you feel like there's more things that
we have to do in terms of listening and
one thing I definitely need to listen oh
this is embarrassing you should not you
should listen to you're pregnant right
and not wake her up hashtag never wake a
pregnant lady Oh Jackson I'm gonna take
responsibility of that I threw the ball
like I was I'm sorry okay well so what
happened is what we got home from church
and Ellie's like I just need to lay down
for a second I just need to lay down
so will you watch Jackson and all the
way down I said sure honey absolutely
you go to upstairs and you take a nap
it'll feel so good Jackson I'll hang up
oh the TV just fell Jax
I will hang out down here and we'll have
a fun time we'll have father-son bonding
it'll be really great
well I was having a little too much fun
that just hit the TV again
okay just be careful with the TV I was
having a little too much fun with
Jackson and I was like here I'll show
you
where's Jackson come here Jackson Olivia
is showing you got a walk and that's
really cute and I know he's been doing
better today
Jackson was just sitting right here and
I was like oh oh and he was laughing so
hard oh wait wait wait
and he was laughing so hard
I feel really bad it's okay at the same
time like I'm glad I had that experience
oh you're the one teaching him to chuck
it as hard as you can Oh Olivia I'm
going to talk to you about something
do you remember at the playground that
gave you the camera do you remember what
you said yeah you don't remember what
she said okay well it was so cute and
everyone in the video loved what you
said okay where I am played it without
my own and Jared told me that I should
hold the camera
hold it it and then I found my friend
and then I recorded her for a minute
uh-huh yeah that's that's exactly right
what we're mom well do you remember when
you said if you like the video thumbs up
if you don't like the video thumbs down
if you super liked the video then
congratulations do you remember that it
was that was so funny huh everyone loved
it and they thought you were so cute and
they want to hear from you again so do
you have any words of wisdom that you
can offer us today what what do you want
to say to the people who are watching
right now I don't know what we'll ask
you a little bit later it was okay yeah
so that's what we're doing today we're
just having dinner we're hello wow it's
already set the tables are already set
ready to rock and roll
look at this spaghetti and meatballs and
green beans and Dex's toast and I sound
like shockula I want to suck your blood
and apple juice Ellie this looks amazing
did you really you know what Olivia
we're probably gonna have to have like
once a week segments of just Olivia
where I give you the camera and you
record together at all so we figured we
would do the whisper challenge because
we're really good at reading each
other's lips that's what we used to do
growing up that was like that was our
playtime you would like we would either
or like blindfolded rectus and she has
peach jewelry if I have my glasses their
periphery so where do you intercept when
we're diving we're gonna film that video
so he's melamine month what does that
mean you're gonna be up on your channel
point your body cuz you guys are doing
it you're gonna do one portion on your
channel and one portion on Bonnie's
channel right so both of yours on
Fridays okay links down below I'll be
sure to check out their videos on Friday
I was gonna have another video before
thats alright for my 30th week will be
up on Monday he gets dirty news Ellie
that's tomorrow we got to know this
stuff we've got this video going out
tomorrow
that is so cool look at that belly
hi Calvin come put about put up whatever
even if it about kissing Zoe I need to
eat oh that reminds me of your belly
speaking of your belly when Ellie came
home from visiting her mom and and when
we hugged like the very first second
that we hug I felt the biggest kick from
Cao Lu
it was like the biggest kick ever and I
don't know if he was like Oh dad I'm so
excited to see you or dad oh you're here
again he probably did what Jackson did
this morning
um Jared and I woke up this morning
it was really funny and it was I wish so
that we had the camera but Jackson's
been really whiny he's getting two
molars and then his two little vain
teeth on the bottom so he's getting four
teeth right now and we woke up and
Jackson was crying crying crying wanted
Jared to hold him and so no no no that's
not how it went
Jackson was on the floor playing Jared
and I were hugging in the kitchen and we
were just kind of like cuddling hugging
in the morning and Jackson sauce and
then started really crying and I was
like oh he wants to get up and like come
with us
so we picked Jackson up and we were all
kind of like cuddling and kissing and
Jackson literally pushed me away and
then took Jared and was like cuddling
and snuggling Jared and he did not want
me around
he was like crying when he saw me and I
was like hey little turd I just fed you
and wiped your bum so maybe that's what
Calvin was doing was pushing you away
because I guess I answer the question
though about Jackson like cuz on vine
and snapchat I'm like so Jackson and his
dad your favorite and you would always
say no but he really is test he loves me
a little bit more than mama probably
because you have a cool cat shirt
everyone it's not ugly it's okay
dirt guys I think you guys around you're
helping Jackson to walk way faster than
we can there was a comment about what
are you guys going to teach Jackson how
to walk and I was like well we keep
teaching taking him to to walking school
but he gets detention so he is always
out of class yeah he doesn't want to
walk and that's okay but guys I think
our dinners getting cold so we're to go
ahead and say
goodbye that may had been a really good
one take or that may have been really
crazy like a hectic one time I don't
know hectic is the best Oh last we
should talk to just about comments body
sent me a text filling up my child's
like Bonnie and Ellie scream way too
much guys right very well they just we
did a project that's all it is it's
projection I know that's okay thanks for
watching the video today guys I hope you
have a wonderful day we're gonna spend
the rest of the day with family and
we're gonna try and listen to each other
I knew they'd lose that right but check
out the video project listen I'll have a
link down below have a wonderful day I'm
gonna you know what speaking the whisper
challenge and being able to read your
read lips I'm gonna read your lips right
now
ah
you can see the tip ever had hello
Olivia hi what took you so long come on
in goodbye the busted
