Oh Jackson oh say say Oh
say bye bye say dad - say hi oh what a
cute little boy know your work
leave that up it's Saturday morning and
we're starting our spring cleaning
yes you heard it correctly we are doing
spring cleaning today but first we have
to run a few errands very important
errands that have to be taken place
first in the day what is the first
errand we have to get Girl Scout cookies
I might wait it's almost over we got to
go search and find them so we're going
to go find some Girl Scout cookies and
we're going to get another box because
bonnie is a selfish person I won't serve
her Samoas so we're gonna go get some
Girl Scout cookies and something that
has tasted really yummy to me I'm 29
weeks guys 29 weeks this is stolen bike
you're right that does taste yummy but
but something that is tasted yummy to me
lately is like cold smoothies like Jamba
Juice any type of a cold mix like a
Slurpee yeah Slurpee or a dirt like a
cold drink that has been really yummy to
me and so because we're doing spring
cleaning in the house I said I want like
some sort of like slushie something
yummy
just slip on while I go through all of
our clothes and we are going to be busy
today oh my gosh they're still here Girl
Scout cookies you guys are here I'm so
excited I want to buy them all card you
guys these guys have hooked us up with
some Girl Scout cookies say hi everyone
oh we've got thin mints and Samoas for
days Ellie's gonna be so excited thanks
guys have a good day let's go
le I got him I got him le I got him I
got him I got him off oh I got him off
did you spend the whole twenty guy I
spent the whole twenty and I got
all the cookies we could get ya need you
half in half like you said I got I got
more Samoas than I did the nun a
threesome rose to thin mints and I will
share one row with Pontiacs Jared Jared
is like Oh we'll make sure to get those
BOTS I said no I'm gonna be just a
stingy as her we have to be nice to our
neighbors and Logan le hmm okay well
this will be a very good treat today
another errand that we have going on
today is we're going to the PIO box I
have this trixin hat that I got for my
brother
I'm gonna go send it to him because he
deserves a good trick some hat don't you
think spring cleaning is what we're
doing I wish I had gum that I'd be
chewing cuz my breath might be a little
sad I hope you don't think that is bad
that's right guys today we are doing
some spring cleaning we have bags and
bags and clothes all over the place
trying to get rid of to donate in fact
Ellie is out of the house right now
she's running some errands getting some
hair color and also she's running some
errands to go donate some clothes and
get rid of some clothes and do those
things she's already way ahead of me and
I'm Way behind but I want to show you
this guy's over here in my closet all of
these hangers used to be full of clothes
and I used to have some clothes up here
but we're actually going to go ahead and
donate those you know one man's trash is
another man's treasure so we're gonna
see what we can get with that and one of
the other things that we're trying to do
is we're going to try and sell a few
things around the house some odds and
ends that we don't usually use anymore
because one of the conditions that led
us for if we wanted to get the Apple
watch for example is we need to get a
little extra income by selling some
things that we don't use anymore so
that's what we're doing around the
today's we're getting you know clean it
up making sure the house is an order
organize tiny clean and ready to rock
and roll
wait can I have some can I have it oh no
come on share it dad ha ha thank you
huh oh uh uh uh ah I have it oh you
trickster
you boys Jackson your rooms next I feel
like it's oh we've had a crazy day we
have all of those clothes Jared look at
all that and I'm a Justin getting ready
to sell that not my toothbrush crazy huh
daddy no
but our closets look so much better
don't they look at all those hangers
that are empty now but all our closets
they're looking much much better
do you guys remember that Park that Joel
and I went to with the kids when we were
playing it solo father mode and
everything well I showed Ellie the
footage and she loved it and she really
wanted to go so that's exactly what
we're doing is we are here back at the
park so Ellie can experience it just
like Jackson did for the very first time
we're taking Ellie I'm unlocking the
door and we're gonna take Elliot she's
gonna go back to her days from childhood
and experience it just like the way she
should the first thing in Jackson finds
is a rock
so he has a rock and Jared's like you're
not playing with the rock where could it
go play with the playground you like
this I love this one of my favorite
things when I was a kid I still go
around places like this and you can't
touch the ground oh so you have to like
go to all these different lengths to not
get on the ground at all you know yeah
crazy like that you're like spider-man
let's see where Jackson decided to go
whoo
going down the stairs a little
differently
my high Ketcham yeah I wonder if he'll
stay sitting up though yeah you will
ready yep ha ha ha that works yeah come
here Jackson I'll help you Kate Danube
um okay okay steady but try again okay
one more time go fast he likes it I want
to show you something amazing Ellie are
you ready for this this is magic is it
it's right over here I'll show you
that's amazing I just can't believe this
kind of technology exists okay do you
see that green post right there okay
I'll stay here time yeah go stay there
don't me film dad go ahead and film okay
and then just put your ear and mouth
next okay you're in mouth next to it
hello hello oh my gosh okay um or should
I say legs
banana pancakes hey whatever you want
let's go get cake for dinner okay
Jackson it's time to go say bye bye say
bye bye quick bye bye say bye bye bye
bye bye can you say yeah can you say it
say boopie good boy do you guys remember
that one clip where I showed you all of
the stuff on our bed
well now it's gone and the bed is now
ours we have reclaimed what is
rightfully ours Ellie the clothes are no
longer taking over our bed what are you
talking about what am I talking about
I'm talking about the clothes that were
taking over our bed and wasn't allowing
us a sleep at night we should probably
talk about why our car got through this
oh my gosh I totally forgot we yesterday
we told you guys that our car got booted
but we didn't give any reason why it was
so funny all the comments so they were
like uh so why'd you guys get booted
well
apparently where we live those parking
places are for visitors only visitors
only and if you park between 1 a.m. and
6 a.m. they're like overnight parking
essentially and you don't have a Guest
Pass you will get booted and it's funny
because we parked there like multiple
times or we're moving in and moving
things around but we never got booted
like we did that one time and it was
funny because they put a boot on the
front tire and the rear tire so eyeball
I've only been booted one other time but
they only did on the front tire but does
that remind you guys of The Simpsons
episode where he gets booted he's like
I'm not gonna take this and he drives
and it's like I really wanted to try it
out but that's the only car we have so
probably shouldn't have done that or
even thought about it
but that's why we got booted we we were
wrong we parked in a place that we
shouldn't have and I guess that's what
you get for parking in the parking stall
overnight where you live you got booted
Jackson is enjoying a bath and Ellie
it's going to have some fun tonight
aren't done wouldn't you say
how are you going to tell them what
you're doing no no I'm kidding kidding
um I am doing bonniest toenails and
she's gonna color by me who your roots
Questlove shout-out to Questlove from
the roots that is it for today guys I
hope you have a wonderful day enjoying
the Saturday of spring cleaning with us
have a wonderful weekend we will see you
guys as always next millennium so tune
in for the next series of Ellie and
Jared
