I do have to say what a pleasant
surprise
Ellie it's so good to see you it was
really weird not to block even though I
was a day I can't tell him Bonnie I was
like there were so many cute - I would
have loved to capture but it's just
different because you know yeah it's not
really I don't know there's just a
fright couldn't really walk right but
the whole family is reunited and we're
together again we match
did you do that on purpose no I wore
this shirt because Joel asked me to come
over in this house because we're gonna
chop up some trees so I got to put my
lumberjack shirt not because I think
they may be getting this week's swing
sets being set so we are going over to
Bunyan Joel's house today because we're
gonna chop up a tree I think it's
actually still standing so we've got to
cut it down and then I think we're gonna
make room for a play set and also plant
a couple trees I think is what we're
gonna do so we've got our chainsaw I've
got my lumberjack outfit on we've got
high protection and hearing protection
and we're ready to rock and roll Joel
and Bonnie were gracious enough to let
me use their car while Bonnie and Ellie
had our car in at their parents house so
we are getting RIT what the heck did we
just get booted we just got booted oh my
gosh we just got booted what the heck we
just got booted why did we just get
booted we live here oh my gosh I've got
to make a few phone calls Jackson he's
crawling as fast as he can to his
cousin's Jackson you sure you guys are
all wearing your hats today Jackson's
wearing his hat too why didn't he come
play with you guys yeah sure okay
well he'll come play in the dirt the
wheelbarrow and sand and that's kind of
sharp maybe that'll just be for you to
dig huh yeah sure it's not that sharp
okay well I guess it's okay okay you
just hit the girl
you sure it's gonna be so dirty guys we
just got booted and I am just not
feeling very good
but Bonnie Joel know how to turn our
they know how to turn our frowns upside
down the best way they know how
Koen dogs corn dogs
these are meaty corn dogs to like look
at those just a little size comparison
that's Ellie's face and this is a corn
dog we're taking these two trees down
so appropriate sorry dad I know Jeff you
I'm where I got a lumberjack don't worry
I have a protection and hearing
protection to job gloves Jackson I'm
drawing the line right here right here
I'm drawing it I'm drawing it I see dirt
in your teeth look look I found this
rock and he was grinding it against his
teeth he really wants it
oh no okay but don't eat it anymore stop
eating rocks it is beautiful like I I
can't wait to have our own place have
our own yard so Jackson control through
the bushes in the dirt oh yeah come on
son go long this is like what our life
will be like when we eventually do get a
house we'll be outside the law and kids
in the dirt and rocks he was playing at
you he's like be careful dad yeah he's
got better half daddy hold yeah okay
that's kind of cool uncle Joel is just
they just put down the first rain
well I think you did a good job cutting
it down and even Bonnie is helping good
job no you're helping I Jackson's been
like reaction to a just didn't like it I
don't know if it was a sound well I
think he every time he sees Jared he's
poor like he wants you to hold him he
said he wants me to protect him yeah cuz
I'm your father but you have to work so
it's me that holds it we got plenty of
time plenty
that seems a heavy freaking saw yeah
thanks paul bunyan stop look at those
little gloves on the ground
those are Cody's sorry you go you're
good what's the next holiday eggs on it
you need a pine cone like you're stood
the sly pine cone
not scared when Jared holding it
he's not scared when you hold them
Jax is totally happy now you're happy
now he's just playing with toys and he's
watching the boys work and Bonnie
talking about cutting that tree down
uncle Jared's gonna cut this one down
sure okay you guys are sitting here I'm
giving them traits so that they stay
right out of the way because we don't
want little babes smashed by trees no we
are very we are far enough away that
that tree is not gonna hurt our little
babies and those boys are trying to
figure out how to land it Jackson you've
never had taffy before he's like a dog
with peanut but he's loving it he has
dirt in his fingers and taffy I said
that's a good mix
he's getting dirty monster doesn't the
city's ever got the big one pretty nice
of Joel to let Jared work oh and out
broke
good Jared you did good that's like
forever I hope I caught it the camera
was off and I hurried and turned it on
that's heavy for an old harder than it
looks
yeah well thanks for helping teach Jared
so that we're learning like a bigger saw
I think the pig in it holy cow that was
harder than I thought it would be and
I'm sure a lot of you guys are like Oh
Jared that chainsaws are really easy to
do like Joel you know he just made that
look like cake but man you can't once
you get it into a certain point you've
gotta gotta get it in there
what'd you think of the tree falling
down code was it cool well it's a good
thing it didn't oh man my arms are tired
I can barely hold this camera how much
do you think that chainsaw ways Oh
5060 pounds yeah at least I was thinking
closer to 100 pounds but 50 sounds right
I guess things head it's a lot of
there's a lot of motion going yeah and
it a long period of time and grab a
50-pound weight and just hold it there
oh yeah so thanks for keeping me fit
making me feel good Joel we finally got
it down though almost it's getting there
our battery is just about dead but you
boys have been working you boys have
been working like crazy that is an
awesome pile I hope you guys don't mind
fingerprints on your doors cuz these
kids are going to town
what are you reading Boston what are you
eating I want to show you guys this why
do these two boxes these two boxes right
here bring so much love and so much hate
it's like you know I I want those so bad
and I will do anything to get those
cookies it like tears people apart
though yeah it's hurting relationships
don't want to give them a whole box no
you can have it back the third bonnie
and joel again have been so gracious to
us and are giving us these cookies until
we can find some because apparently you
can't find them anywhere well Joel
brought him out of the out of the
bedroom and he's like I got these yummy
cookies and bodies like no but really
what well I'm not Jenn except for you
let us use your car for like two days me
these cookies you don't mess around with
Girl Scout cookies and I know that oh my
goodness
I just think are you in there Samoa I
know really that's those are the only
two cookies that you can debate because
the other ones are just kind of garbage
they're not even in the ballpark right
well between the Samoa and mint which
ones are your favorite liner the Samoas
I would say I'm a Finn mint and then
some I make a Samoa then thinman yeah
you'd like so you girls are Samoas and
were Thin Mints
Bonnie's more of a one is more of a
Samoa than murder what a day holy cow
I am exhausted I am tired my arms and
muscles and everything are I can't are
gonna be really sore I've got like cuts
like all of my arm I don't see know if
you can see that but lots and lots of
pine tree cuts on my arms and my arms
are dirty but I think that's all for
today guys Ellie is getting Jackson
ready for bed and I feel like I am read
for bed - that chains always a lot
heavier than you might think it was but
Joel and I got those two trees cut up
diced mines collapse down ready to go
and we got it all taken care of
now they are going to order their swing
set and they're gonna plant some more
trees in there so we'll probably be over
there helping them install it and
everything but thank you guys so much
for watching I hope you have a wonderful
weekend today is your Saturday so make
it an awesome Saturday do something fun
leave a comment down below tell me what
you guys are doing today also just like
last time tell me what's your favorite
Girl Scout cookies are are you Thin
Mints are you Samoas or you something
different and something that I don't
even really ever like from Girl Scout
cookies I'm only Thin Mints and some of
us when it comes to Girl Scout cookies
but thanks again for watching guys have
a wonderful weekend and you're gonna
meet my forehead bye
