okay it's a beautiful morning
ah hey man how are you did you have a
good nap you slept for like two hours
mom would be so proud of you peekaboo
Lika me
good morning bud hi say hi oh let me
take that say hi
so me and my partner in crime today have
a few housekeeping items to do we've got
to go run a few errands we've got a mail
some things we got to deposit some
things we've got to withdraw some things
we've got to take in some things to
account we've got to clean up around
this place where you want to make sure
it looks all good for Mama and then what
else do you have to do we should
probably eat some food in between there
we should probably go to the bathroom
once or twice maybe change a couple de
pers what else do you want to do today
huh
plus you want to do today oh you want to
put your hand on my mouth you want me to
stop talking it's not what's going on
you won't need to stop talking I see oh
it is oh I'm so bummed I didn't get on
film
Jackson you you have to know how cute
you are you just have to know how cute
you are
well Jackson and I were running some
errands everywhere we went if someone
walks by us or we walk by someone hi hi
say hi Oh give me that
say hi it was the cutest thing and as
such a vlogger fail I didn't have the
camera with me so I couldn't get any of
it on film but gosh this guy he is the
cutest thing ever but yeah we just
finished with a bunch of our errands so
now I just got a text message from Joel
my brother-in-law and Olivia has ballet
and I think we're going to go to the
park as soon as they go there so we're
gonna meet up at the park and have a lot
of fun and here we are in the bedroom
where I slept all by myself in this nice
warm amazingly comfortable bed and I
think it was so funny this morning after
I woke up I gave Elliot call and I told
her a funny thing I said Ellie guess
what happened this morning it was so
easy to make the bed today do you want
to know why it was so easy and she goes
I think I know but you tell me why it
was so easy to make the bed because your
side of the sheets were not thrown on to
my side of the sheets she's like oh yeah
you only had to do one part of the bed
huh because everything else was all nice
and crisp every single night I don't
know if it's because Ellie's pregnant or
what but she throws all of her blankets
on top of me and then I get hot
I don't throw it back on her because she
threw it back on me I kind of just like
push it off but all of the sheets
usually end up like over here like from
here over and it's so hard to make the
bed every morning but yet we do it this
morning it was so easy because this
entire side was all nice and crisp and
ready to go and it was just this little
corner right here that was untucked and
I just whoop tucked it in boom bed is
made Ellie I love you and I love
sleeping next to you but your shades are
out of control okay Jackson are you read
all my goodness you're right there how's
it going buddy oh you see your sister's
out ballet let's go find okay let's grab
Jackson are you ready to go play with
your cousins let's go play with them say
hi say hi he's excited to see a hunk ode
you guys are having fun huh
this is a perfect swing for you too huh
if it's both of you just fine
no he likes it a lot hon don't you Betty
I want to tell you something I want to
tell you something very important you
see this playground here you see this
whole playground here it's all yours but
how about it go roam free have fun
run like the wind bullseye what's up I
don't care
okay you ready Jackson ready you ready
are you ready ah there you go
hi
hey buddy Jackson you're gonna have to
learn how to walk one of these days or
your pants are just gonna get all torn
up but I don't mind it so much I think a
little boys pants have to be have you
know have some marks on it have to not
skid marks though holy-holy jeans but
not skid marks
I think he's got one of them down we're
working on the other one peekaboo Cody
is going down the slide backwards and
I'm gonna see if I can get him to film
himself doing it will you do that again
Cody and will you hold the camera while
you do it riding and then I could just
hold it just put the camera on me um
today was a good game young we both
ain't fun yeah we love her and we love
Jackson - he's a baby all you have to do
is point it at you just like this okay
so hold it like that okay and go down
the big slide and tell them what you're
gonna do okay yeah this is Derek's
camera you don't drop it you got a whole
chili good so today's a really good day
we're just playing today
we're happy last time and we're going to
slide down the slide for the first time
and I bet you guys Ben's gonna let me so
we're gonna go down this which it's fun
I love it and I love you guys and we'll
see you next video and our mom's haven't
been home for years so I'm just such a
tease have been a whole good day
you too don't you because a my camera
you're out if you don't like this video
go Ahead's up if you don't like it yeah
he's super like it okay congratulations
this is my um uncle Miron go dude he's a
weird glamour I'm a weird climate huh
yeah I'm going to high well you're
winning whoa haha
found you guys haha my favorite thing
about taking Jacksons to the park is
just watching him and explore watching
him see new things and interact with
those new things like long ledges make
sure he doesn't go down that way see and
I didn't even touch him he's like oh
that's too high
oh he's thinking about it let's see what
happens yeah he just thought I hope yeah
that's too that's too steep oh wait nope
yep
too steep see he's just learning as he
goes I think that's so cool to see him
do that
interact with new things that's so fun
good job but you find a different way
he's going through he's going through
peekaboo hahahaha are you going through
this right now
you're thinking about it
peekaboo
think of it peekaboo
peekaboo
peekaboo oh you tricked me I thought you
faked me out
Cody what you're thinking about nothing
you just sitting there acting all cool
and contemplation you're thinking about
the world affairs potent potables
anything like that no just thinking
about what it's like to be a kid and how
fun it is to be an awesome
three-year-old that's how you're
thinking about tell me how awesome it is
to be a three-year-old Cody in your mind
what's the coolest thing about being a
three-year-old and when I wait I'm happy
yeah yeah that's probably the coolest
thing I remember about being the
three-year-old - thanks for your uh
thanks for your helping your advice and
maybe we'll meet here next week about
the same time if we can go over a couple
more things some good Jackson he's still
good job you wiggled freak he was stuck
in between those two tires and he was
like oh if I he did good you figured it
out that's all part of the playground is
figuring things out here Eddie Jackson
Jackson ready oh oh sure oh sure
is that funny Jackson is such a little
boy he laughs at my pain ready
oh is that funny sure sure
well Jackson though I had a wonderful
time at the park wouldn't you say bud
did you have fun at the park did you
have fun at the park fun at the park
yeah now Jackson and I are gonna have
some dinner tonight I think what I'm
gonna do for him is I'm going to whip up
some scrambled eggs make a little toast
we'll have a little breakfast for dinner
if you will we've been doing that a lot
lately having ways then breakfast for
dinner breakfast is one of those meals
that you can have for every meal just
like corn dogs oh your feet are in my
way
Jackson see Uncle Matt as I heard
oh he said it did you hear it he said I
I said I do you oh what a cutie well
Ellie is obviously super super busy
right now so she's not answering our
FaceTime calls so we are faced timing
Uncle Matt grandma grandpa and Emily and
Gus and Ruby and Drake and Carter but I
think they're all asleep
we're having a face time a family face
time but I think I'm going to end the
vlog here today guys we have a new video
on Ellie's channel and I there might be
a really awesome guest star there so
definitely go check it out I'll have a
link to her channel down below thank you
guys for watching while Jackson and I
have a manly duo the next couple days
we'll see you guys tomorrow have a
wonderful day
say bye bye say bye bye bye bye bye bye
bye bye bye bye
you won't believe he surprised me
because I know I wasn't gone long but I
was busy and it's good to see you in
Jack so it's a just roster yeah he
picked him up by
