good now it's been so long
you see that airplane but are you
pointing at that airplane that's so cute
you see the airplane I feel like we
haven't seen you all day today I know
he's look at him he's like such a big
boy right now I missed him are I like I
missed him and I miss him already
yeah so give us a little give us a
little explanation about what's going on
right now so today oh actually the next
few days are gonna be kind of different
I don't think I've ever been away from
Jackson now that I think of it it's kind
of sad to me usually if I'm the one
who's leaving and you hang on to Jackson
but this time I'm taking Jackson and
Elia is staying here and I'm really sad
to leave both of you but so a lot of you
guys not my aunt has been sick and she
is not doing very well but they like we
were talking inside it seems like just
miracle after miracle keeps happening
and they were able to get her to my
mom's house and my mom is caring for her
here but they're getting her a really
really good doctor and tomorrow's her
first doctor's appointment with the new
doctor and she's had a few operations
with her cancer and so this new doctor I
think is going to be able to help her
out and in the meantime she has family
coming to help as well and my mom's
sisters coming to help but in the
meantime no one's really here to help
and my dad he's not here either he's on
business but I feel very blessed that we
are in a situation where I can be here
and help my mom has asked that me and
Bonnie stay because Jared is able to
work from home and be with Jackson and
joel has the opportunity to be home with
the kids as well so this is an awesome
opportunity that I have to be with my
mom and to help her I think emotionally
and well I just to help
so when Ellie filmed me that was the
first time I'd seen mom and went to
three weeks almost yeah and she look
she's lost ten pounds I mean you can see
it in her face I feel so bad
just been working nonstop for day in and
day out and I feel like now that Ellie
and Bonnie are here to help that she'll
have like at least a small chance to
just you know what I mean
oh yeah and I know all of my sisters
would be willing to help
I'm just very grateful that we're in a
situation where we can help right now
and tell some more family comes in to
help so that's why the vlogs are gonna
kind of be a little different the next
few days is I don't know how long I'm
going to be here it could be a day it
could be two days give me four days I
don't know I don't think it'll be too
long it'll just be a few days until we
kind of get some things levelled out but
so we decided to do a one take today and
Jared can decide what he does tomorrow I
think I think Jax and I are gonna play a
game it's see how long we'll survive but
we'll probably initiate a little
bachelor mode will hit the Jackal switch
you know we'll play some games we'll
have some time and play with cousins
it'll be good for us yeah like like
Ellie said we haven't really been away
from you both of us ever this would be
the first time Jack and I play it duo
you know it'll be good for us I think
that's a good boy um speaking of I don't
know why I just um all of a sudden
thinking this of some comments today
we're like it's always so light when you
put your kids to bed so it's light
outside we put our kids on and I say our
kids because that's just what my whole
family does my family yeah seven is the
bedtime
and I think it's nice because like it
gives us time to be together as parents
yeah and they need their sleep like one
thing as a kid growing up I wish more
than anything I could go back and be
like trust me you need the sleep Jared
don't stay up late you need the sleep
trust me oh my gosh holy cow if I could
go back in time and sleep and sleep get
all the sleep that I've lost hi can you
say hi
Oh someone's calling you
hello grandma huh oh you want to talk to
Jackson okay here yes say hi say hi hi
say hi he was saying okay we are where
were we oh when we were getting ice
cream today it was so funny there's a
lady sitting in the booth behind us and
she was like filling out some paperwork
and Jackson goes hi hi you look like
such a big boy in your hat he looks yeah
he does
oh my goodness totally I know this is
totally a tough subject but um as it
right now oh you want to say hi no mom
what switch little swap aru as of right
now the teespring campaign has ended and
I want to say once and for all thank you
guys so much this is the most amazing
thing I never in my wildest dreams
thought it would be as big as it was it
was so incredible so thank you guys
against so much they'll start shipping
out I think a week from today I think
it's might be a little bit earlier but
they'll start they do they say it's
about seven days after the campaign ends
is when they start shipping so I'll be
getting mine then you guys will be
getting yours then like oh man like can
you believe that only over 300 I'm I'm
I'm very grateful so here's what I want
you guys to do when and if you get your
stuff I want pictures I want you guys to
be wearing them and I want you to tweet
me pictures because this is psychically
yeah oh yeah you do that dance you do
that dance
oh hey Jackson have a good time don't
stay out too late make sure you walk her
to the door and make sure her parents
okay with going out with you okay so
that's what's going on Ellie is gonna be
with her mom helping out and I like she
said we're so grateful that we have this
ability to do that like it's so cool
that we can do this I also think service
really does make you love more like
serving others Bonnie and I were talking
and body and I were talking and we were
Bonnie and I stayed up till 1:00 in the
morning
we made a pot of Sue
and we sanitize the house so that it was
clean and then we woke up this morning
with the kids you know got ready help
with the kids and stuff and then the
boys took the kids and they went and
played and we finished cleaning the
house washing sheets and stuff getting
ready and it feels good to be helpful it
feels good to just serve so I don't know
this is just kind of different today yes
a little we're still gonna have the
vlogs upside you just won't see Ellie's
beautiful face for a couple days so
maybe we'll FaceTime and then you can be
in the vlog totally so so I'm gonna let
you guys go have fun with Jared I ain't
gonna be saying goodbye to Ellie like
this is we're gonna say goodbye right
now okay sleepy Gabbar hmm that's
probably the hardest thing is going to
be going to bed without each other I
know so well keep me posted on what's
going on totes have fun you know
laughter is the best medicine I really
believe that we were in there telling
stories laughing crying it's been it's
been fun already today but I'm gonna let
you guys go and we will see you tomorrow
so say goodbye I give him a kiss
peekaboo
Bigelow
