well did you find the best spot in the
house that looks comfy Jackson's been
loving playing with baby brothers extra
diapers and all this stuff
he just plopped up there just hanging
out say hi hi
okay who can spot Jackson where is he is
he in the crib no this is like your
favorite spot in the house now half we
enter the crib whoop bunkers bunkers
come on you can do it whoo you made it
he loves going under the cribs and I
think that is just so funny oh that's my
lip liner so Ellie and I have a little
bit of a problem we have lived here for
a few months but the entire time that
we've lived here I want to show you guys
something here see this right here this
is our doorbell and when I push it
nothing
I'll push it again nothing so for the
entire time that we've lived here we
don't have a doorbell so I am gonna fix
that I have a new doorbell here and I'm
going to try and install it okay well I
think my doorbell is all the way charged
yes I said charged the doorbell is
charged it's pretty cool the doorbell
that I have here I don't have to connect
it to the hardwire because it has a over
a year battery life so I think that's
pretty cool let's go plug it into the
wall okay so I'm gonna hit the doorbell
here I've got it all installed here
ready to rock and roll let's see what
happens
oh it's ringing huh hi Jared yeah yeah
and Jared we could do this if we were
like we could do this if we were on
vacation and somewhere that's cool well
and there you have it ladies and
gentlemen that is ring right there I
think that's awesome
just like a cool thing like we live in
the future that's why I feel like we
totally live in the future especially
with what Ellie and I do this is perfect
for us the HD video camera motion
detection and you can even do cloud
recording on it it's battery-powered but
you can also have hardwired so if you
guys are interested you can get $20 off
if you use the promo code that I have
listed down below if you go to their
website ring comm and check it out and
that is ring for you
I just think oh man we live in the
future I am all about like home
automation and everything and this is
just like the first step so cool it and
don't don't you come back no more it's
too bright I need these sunglasses on oh
yeah
we're driving I'm getting a phone call
and the clip alright I just finished the
phone call start the clip again okay
where was I said who's the road jack
okay we already did that part so we're
driving today we're going to Ellie's
parents house because
we have some things that we need to take
care of while we're down there but I
wanted to say today it is a beautiful
day today in fan D degree weather
look at this foot I'm wearing
flip-flop I'm gonna let you drive
because you're taking your foot pops off
don't look at us look at the road yeah
I'm looking at the road but it's a
beautiful day it's 69 degrees outside
and we're driving up into the mountains
it's cool because it's 69 degrees
outside but you can see all that snow up
there yeah it is a beautiful day today
my brother had his baby Congrats Emily
we have the baby oh my god I don't know
all the details I know on Sunday she
went to the hospital at 1 p.m. and had
the baby at 1:21 that is lightning fast
lightning fast one was definitely not
fast and this one was way fast
Jackson I had really fast and Serena's
my first so yeah it's crazy how every
delivery is different but we're gonna go
visit him but like Jared said we have a
lot of
that we need to be doing to help my mom
get ready she is bringing my aunt back
all those well to get some better doctor
care hear you talk
oh no I spy fire or think about living
here is you never know if that's like a
controlled fire or a real fire because a
lot of people like oh oh it's a
controlled fire yeah but you can see
them fly yes it's a controlled one
that's great move your head you know
what's funny oh yeah me too we got to my
parents house only left Jared here to
work and me and Jackson went to Target
and I want to show you what I got it
what damages what I got something for
the baby's room I hope it works out it's
really cute but I got Jackson two items
and I just want to buy it like almost
makes you teary-eyed I know Bonnie's a
beauty right like look look how cute
wait don't take it off yet
well Jackson did one on now but you are
all through target here supposed to play
with cousins right now I got in that hat
it's just so cute on Jackson and then I
got him a little shirt what pretend I am
Jackson but isn't that so cute I just
thought that hat was to die for
oh is that not the cutest how on him I
do too it's just he looks so sweet on
this bo and then you got him Hey with
the rubberband gun anyway I got Jackson
that little hat and I got him a little
orange shirt and I just think that he
looks so cute
so what did you get me I got some
chocolate so Bonnie and Ellie have been
working their little tushes off trying
to get this room ready and everything
and now they wanted me to show you guys
all of her little toys that she had as a
kid
yeah I've had this since I was like five
years old
hmm and it's still like in really good
condition good I'm taking out some of my
stuff out so that my aunt can have a
closet an empty closet mm-hmm so we're
gonna take these home here I'll give you
a hand
I'm gonna take some of the stuff out but
I'm gonna give you a hand here real
quick and so you can thank you there you
go
all righty my little boys my little boys
what do you have to show Mom tonight
what's your trick jerbs up here laughing
like crazy his art he's like I'm done
that's good arm string that is fun oh
good good job oh we're gonna try again
come here come here come here you see
what what that's a good handstand see
Jackson Hugh races down he's like I'm
down I'm there
so tell me Ellie what tell me how you're
feeling are you just exhausted I don't
think that we did my stomach hurts
really bad huh you're in pain our hips
hurt so my mom asked us to clean out
come follow me
Julie's closet it's a medical score
right now and because she's gonna give
this room for my aunt to to roam rest in
an emigrant so this was chucked full but
it was perfect like snowboards
everything equipment this whole closet
was full of stuff
and we had to put it all downstairs in
your room right and my closet has some
stuff that I had growing up so it just
was crazy so me and Bonnie were lifting
boxes moving stuff so we're just tired
so you
our troopers your troopers but now that
everything's all taken care of we have
the kids getting ready for bed and we're
gonna go grab some dinner
just because Noah's been in this house
for like a couple weeks so there's no
food here so we're gonna go grab some
dinner and it's gonna be delicious where
are we going well actually we're
ordering Chinese in and then me I feel
like it's really close to me ordering
Chinese in and then me a bond you're
gonna go visit Bo and Emily the baby but
I don't think I'm gonna blog just out of
reach just that you don't want it I mean
she just had a baby but they're gonna go
see the baby Henry will take pictures
yeah well guys the house is picked up
the kids are asleep Ellie and Bonnie
have gone out of town to go see their
newest nephew and I am here with you
guys I just want to say thank you guys
for all the support that you've given us
there's probably only like two hours
left of the teespring campaign but it is
gone way better than I have ever
imagined thank you so much we had
Chinese food for dinner tonight and I'm
not one to really read into fortune
cookies I just think there are a lot of
fun but it's kind of something that has
meant a lot to me
especially with what Ellie and I have
done the past you know six months or
less even less than six months but the
fortune cookie said follow your beliefs
and the way I take that is what would
you do if you weren't afraid what would
you guys be doing right now and we feel
so blessed and so grateful that every
day we get to share our life with you so
thank you guys again so much from the
bottom of our hearts it means so much to
us that we can do this thank you for
tuning in every single day I hope to see
you guys tomorrow you are the best have
a wonderful evening and we'll see you
guys tomorrow bye
