good morning breakfast is ready
oh my gosh you're the best you can cut
meat oh really I had no idea I slept
this long it's not light it's like 8:15
I know but you woke up like what 7:30 no
15 minutes ago are you serious
my god I slept in my you're the best
well Ellie you sure know how to treat us
right look at all of this this is
amazing yeah just the best okay this
morning and Jackson's gone to town
mommy's hi I woke up and I was like I
don't want any of this so I made us
breakfast oh you're the better to start
the week yeah he's like whoa wait a
second
you didn't want your lucky charms well
that's like treats throughout the day oh
okay sometimes breakfast or sometimes
both yeah well usually like all Yamaha
Jackson and then all and then I'll eat
my lucky charms
and then I'll eat lunch and then my
lucky charms oh you're so sweet like
Lucky Charms yeah a lot of these guys
remember a few blocks ago Jackson loves
his little head bowed that goes around
and he always laughs well we've had this
for a really long time since Christmas
but we've never opened it just because
he's been whoa there's so many toys oh
my god nose and hippos going right now
so but we haven't opened it yet
and we decided that today was the day
that we were going to set up his little
toys but Jared left and Jackson's on his
way out to yes today in her very special
way Ellie has requested a Jamba Juice to
make her day and to make things right to
make things nice I have a coupon for
just the right price Ellie I must go and
I must say that I am on now on my way to
get you a Jamba Juice for your treat
isn't that nice and isn't that neat oh
good rhyme Oh would you look at that
check the time I must go I must know
i'ma show all the way to Mexico because
that's where Jamba Juice lives and
that's where what rhymes with lives
shoot I was on a roll that's pretty good
I'm excited to have a job Gina what's
your flavor baby I always like pink star
I get something that's never on the menu
and it's so good and it's so delicious
I have Cameron Smith too
because he introduced me to this most
amazing flavor that is beyond and above
everything else that Jamba Juice ever
creates telling what it is le Oh berries
dreamin strawberries dreamin hidden menu
did you guys know Jamba Juice had a
hidden value not pink stars on I think
white gummy bears all is well like fixed
oh yeah I'll get you a pink star and I
do have a coupon so we get Bibles get
one free what yes I wondered I wondered
as I was sitting and driving what if I
took the day and had fun with rhyming I
wonder I wonder how long it would take
for me to fail for me to break it
doesn't take long I'm afraid it would
seem because a world of rhyming lives
only in dreams Ellie I'm sorry I'm sorry
I'm late I think but I finally returned
with your favorite drink do you have
your JT oh I do have my they are big
ones Jax just fell asleep on me for like
20 minutes
oh that is so like you sat in the
rocking chair and he was out oh he is so
tired like you do you love me do you
love me a bunch yeah cuz that's not all
I got you your favorite lunch
you're a good rhyme I'm trying I'm
trying every single day to keep up this
riding around darn I screwed it up today
I already said day Oh
so Jared just got done helping me film a
video he actually ended it look at my
hair today
how does it look Jared did it yes Jared
did it we did
film my husband does my makeup and
husband does my hair for my videos this
week
and he did such a good job I'm like very
impressed but my mom is coming home soon
and I think for my aunt so I am Bonnie
I'm at Bath & Body Works and we're going
to maybe just try and find her something
to be welcomed home with so I think that
her and my aunt are coming to my mom's
house so we're really excited to have
everyone come home and we love this what
is it
pineapples no it smells so good so yeah
we're here we're just gonna maybe try
and find my mom something fun for when
she comes home Jackson it's okay don't
whine he thinks that we're not going to
the park but we are we're just going the
long way for the stroller it kicks whiny
Jackson keeps whining because he sees
the park he's like honey don't go we're
gonna go play at the park Jackson got
all the way up here by himself Ellie's
just sitting over there talking with
some friends and Jackson just got up
here all by himself so I had to run and
catch him and I think he's like deciding
what to do should we go down the slide
you want to go down the slide but
Jackson has found this rock and has not
let go of it the entire time he's been
here that your little pet rock
now who of you guys remember pet rocks
that was before my time it was like a
70s or early 80s thing but this guy what
came up with the idea of selling pet
rocks and I guess he made like millions
of dollars
oh you don't eat your pet rock bud you
don't eat it but how crazy is that
someone came up oh I'm gonna sell rocks
and people are gonna buy them like what
how did that work but he was successful
for a little while I guess Jackson
Jackson 12 comes to his mama what guys
dream is mama yes Jackson is meeting all
sorts of friends here I've met several
friends here that we're gonna do some
mommy mommy son playdate soon huh
we're gonna have lots of friends we're
gonna play with in the park this summer
I'm so excited
look Jared we're married you're married
I thought it was always like we're in
the shower no didn't wish
our that's why we'd always say oh that's
funny I would always say we're married
and Jackson does not want a swing he's
independent and every time he's like
crawling around and one of us go up to
him he like gets mad and hurries and
crawls away yeah he doesn't want his
parents playing with him at the park so
cuz that's embarrassing we're gonna
swing together and he can just go over
there and play by himself embarrassing
when your pants play with you you don't
want the other kids to see you can play
with your parents I'm sure he's
embarrassed that his parents are on the
swing set - in the shower he's totally
like over there are we making that dizzy
I just realized this clip is gonna be a
horrible clip this is horrible clip
everyone's gonna be ticked cuz we're
sorry Angus talks to me should I start
over I totally just did a vlogger fair I
totally just did a vlogger fail I knew
he was gonna do it let's see if Jackson
won't do it again
so Jared's watching Jackson oh he
doesn't want it now I'm gonna do the
pigeon he totally went down the slide
all by himself backwards hey ready yep
okay yeah I think I am go go go is that
fine Hey loved it
you ready oh he's doing it he's doing it
I can't like step mama will be down to
catch him should we do it again oh he's
like he's like trying to okay let me go
what a funny kid hating oh crap he is
loving discovering new things that is
the most hilarious thing ever let's see
if he'll do it again oh well he's going
he's going he's gone
you did that all by yourself
that is so cute Oh help me Kimmy I
gotcha I gotcha okay
ready go go he just stood right up
that's perfect
good boy let's go I need to say goodbye
goodbye to you first
it's okay check there we ought to learn
to say goodbye but guess what we'll come
back another day we get to say hello
sometimes like staring at the park
pointing at it Oh we'll come back yes
I'll come back maybe tomorrow what you
sweet little guy tuckered out my bike
which it is I think he's tuckered out I
think it is time to say good boy now
it's time to say goodbye to you and you
and you oh I forgot to rhyme all the
rest of the day
oh no so now it's time for me to rhyme
one last rhyme for you
I hope for you through and through you
do the best that you can do do all the
things do them all right and when you go
to sleep sleep at night you'll feel the
light deep inside your fight that's all
I could think up good night tonight mwah
wow she did I hurt your teeth that hurt
say good night good night Kevin
one thing that I wanted to add really
quick at the end of the vlog today is we
have one day left on our teespring
campaign as you are watching this there
is one day left that you guys can get a
t-shirt or a hoodie first and foremost I
want to say thank you guys there have
been over two hundred and thirty-five
t-shirts and hoodies ordered and I am so
grateful and Elias were so grateful for
you guys the showing the support that
you guys have done now with t-shirts and
hoodies and everything Ellie and I
wanted to make sure like that these were
shirts and hoodies that we would
actually wear we've ordered shirts and
stuff in the past we you know gotten
shirts at stores and everything and the
quality of them is not as good as I want
it to be so I want to make sure that
these shirts were really good quality
before we did anything so that's exactly
what you guys are getting so again thank
you so much if you guys really want to
it's available for one more day I would
love it and like I said before it would
be the coolest thing in the world is if
someone was out in the public wearing an
Ellie Njord shirt and they saw someone
said hey I watch them on YouTube like
that is so cool and then there's a
connection right there there's a meaning
in that shirt and that's why I love this
like that's why I'm so grateful for
these shirts and the opportunities that
we have so thank you guys again there's
one more day left be sure to check it
out I'll have a link down below
teespring comm slash Ellie and Jared
thank you guys again so much oh my
goodness we've got a rock star right
here say goodnight can you say goodnight
one more time thanks for watching guys
bye opanka just hit us up bye
by travelpod member
