yes you playing at that car cool it's
funny he like he's using the wheels and
everything yeah I'm good we just need
some sound effects I'm Remy
well le we can finally breathe a sigh of
relief are you checking me CY oh good I
feel like Amelie I feel like I could do
anything give me a job now and I'll do
it I feel like a million bucks
I told Jared referrers welcome to our
one take Sunday that's probably not
gonna be one take but a lot of you guys
know yesterday we were telling you the
I've been nervous I've been not wanting
to do this i Jared and I were supposed
to give a talk today at our church where
we both taught for 20 minutes in front
of the whole congregation we can and
normally I I just I didn't want to do it
I didn't want to do it I was nervous
I had butterflies I did not want to do
it and we did it and it turned out to be
great and everything was really fun and
wonderful and I told Jared on the way
home I was like growing up I remember
doing things I did not want to do and
what good parents do they make you do it
if I don't want to do something but I
should have done it my parents know
you're doing Ellie like you're gonna do
it and it's like I'm glad that they did
that because I always felt better once I
did it and today I did not want to talk
and now that I did it now that I'm home
I'm glad that I did I'm glad that I
challenged myself because I feel better
sometimes we have to go through intense
pressure to refine ourselves to be
better well it's true it sucks though
it's hard it is hard but that's why it's
hard you get so much more out of it if
it's hard to do and that's I mean I love
getting up and speaking in front of
people
I love it but because like I said I love
to make people laugh and this is really
good
yeah to feel good that's like one of my
favorite things is to have people feel
emotion whether it's whether it's funny
or whether it's you know heart-wrenching
like good like I want I love tugging on
people's heartstrings no you heartstring
tucker I don't like you GD screams
intimate okay but it's true it's so true
and I was I was telling Ellie like it's
gonna be great and I'll tell you why
because you're gonna go through this
hard thing and you're gonna be so much
better afterwards you're gonna grow so
much because of the experience that you
have and that's how life is you go
through these hard things and you are
better for it you know well I'll tell
you what my parents made me do hard
things and looking back I'm grateful
they did so jack did you hear it I'm
making you do hard thanks Dale don't
Robert give me ten give me ten push-ups
right make it I'm gonna make it he's got
the he's gonna do hard things you know
long everything I don't pick up the dogs
that's it right at them right there but
he's gonna mow it he will know it he's
gonna mow that long oh oh
Jackson is showing off his dance moves
to Noah and Noah's just like I have no
idea what this kid is doing Joel by
we're hanging out here with tribe Tyler
and Haley at Santa Jessica's new place
what's wrong the same
that's right it's five Tyler your shirt
even says which by the way probably one
of the most comfortable shirts I've ever
put on not even joke like every other
day I was like I do the same thing I'm
doing right now if I did wear yesterday
our t-shirts that we ordered that we
made through teespring we specifically
chose the same one that she was it
because it felt so good yeah this is the
most precious thing ever oh look at
these guys just playing together
Oh give him a hug and a kiss Noah don't
mind us with the cameras you like
totally sharing his toys alligator here
next thing you know Jackson's just
climbing up here gonna do some office
work real quick at the desk little
drummer boy is that funny yeah buddy
well I'll be base also call the base
just cuz I do the song of the tribe good
job I know yeah he might not walk think
he's he pretty good climber no again do
the Half Nelson come on get him get him
oh go Jackson pulls a reversal go get my
cookie no a cookie tin go get these two
boys are loving each other they're just
playing okay go
ready Jackson get him get him
your oh I can no it's like Oh
hold on jab said go go go play Liz knows
doesn't understand like the causes of
Jesse Jackson to bring with Noah get him
or cathodic but no totally knows what's
going on he's turning around he's in it
oh yeah again Noah
they talk to each other they're draining
oh you could get him just a little too
fast oh you're wearing me out every day
are we gonna put an instrument class
together should we do it
I think Monday I'm signing Jackson up so
I can that be fun
Flynn June baby swim this is a fun oh
just all of us sitting on the floor and
watching the kids no I just like almost
took Jackson's head to the ground
Jackson governor's like oh wow wow this
is fun seeing all the kids playing
you know I'm just gonna this first
everyday I'm not being to his own mana
Go Daddy go Jack daddy come on oh no no
Stan dad I'll let him sit down boy
you can do it she has cookies go get her
cookie huh shakes a cookie cookie play
on that did you hear him he was a cookie
I'll do anything
Wow Wow you guys hey let's complete the
process
no I can see I'm his very first kiss so
I get hands that will get cheap when
we're done hi
oh let's try can't do it yup stand up
straight talking about his girlfriend
coming it's like my girlfriend's will
make me one - that was amazing
anyway should have taken him away from
the girls you know this to be taking
come on happy let's go
I think maybe we'll get him my start
oh okay here we go
he just is sick of his parents but yeah
what is send them off seriously you guys
a whole different place but you guys
smile good job bud what a flirt this is
so great oh my god
can we keep you guys know what do you
think of that
Manny Jax
that's awesome well no I missed me the
very first time low no I learned how to
kiss he gave me a kiss so I guess it's
only right you take his first step
that's funny
thank you that's fun so Jackson we're
all laughing because he could cook yep
he could crawl in like crazy places but
he refuses to walk in so but if you got
to pretty girls should I know
no I think you're cute too sweetheart
here's a drew I know I will praise you
too so we came to sama Jenna cos little
Park that they have here we put the boys
on the swings and Jackson was crying the
moment we put him in there he was like
he really wanted to play at the park
which come on this is amazing I want to
play on this park here you go down the
slide we're gonna walk the plank okay
see you later so you literally have to
climb up all this crazy stuff so he
could go down this really one okay you
cute boys let's see yeah
when jewsy squeeze your cheeks squeeze
your cheeks crucified my hips are too
wide for this life maybe I should go
down it oh but wait
my hips are getting big too peppy dark
good to keep puppy dog oh that's a cute
dog thanks for letting us better well
guys that was a fun Sunday it was very
different usually we do one take so it
was really fun hanging out with friends
we were really grateful for the invite
it was fun having dinner with everybody
it was a lot of fun seeing Tyler and
Hayley cuz like never screw him so it
was good to see him all there I have to
show you something this is what an
active Wow an active worn-out
little boy looks like faced boy holes in
your pants I don't know if you can see
him but he's got boogers dirt in your
fingernails oh he's like angry hey don't
you do that to the other don't you do
dad - dad but we are going to get
Jackson to bed he has one tired little
guy thanks for watching guys have a
wonderful week I'll see you guys
tomorrow next year goodbye I
