happy Saturday morning from our bed to
yours
Saturday morning in your bed is the best
part of waking up is a Saturday morning
in your bed you should post your thing
of Jackson under the bed on the block
right here in my pants right now I'm
posting it right here watch the best
part of waking up claim under the crib
okay today jared has been trying to
upload the vlog like three times he's
their car Internet company our internet
keeps going down but the price keeps
going up every month like much training
our internet goes up like two or three
dollars every single month and there's
no explanation why and it's been going
out like every single day I'm kind of
upset so Jared's getting the vlog
uploaded and he's been helping me I have
had explain this to my dad and Jared
totally gets it but I when I'm not
pregnant I kind of have a tendency to
have a little I'm anxious and like a
little anxiety but I think it's a good
thing like I like it like I if I want
something done it's gonna get done and
it needs to get done now on it like
that's just how I am I'm like this and I
and I like that about myself but when I
am pregnant I feel like it escalates it
ten times and I don't like it I I kind
of stress myself out a nice my stomach
hurts and I try really hard not to be
that way but we are giving talks at our
church tomorrow and so all week I can't
sleep I like have anxiety over it and
Jared's like Ellie you do it every day
you talked to thousands of people every
day you pick up the camera and you just
you spit it out and you go and it's
natural and why can't you just do that
with the talk but for some reason I
can't like I'm like stressing over it so
jared has been helping me prepare a talk
for our church tomorrow and that is what
our morning has been consisting of I
think a lot of it too is the talks that
we have to give are about twice as long
as we're
normally used to like they're super long
and so I think that's one thing that's
hard for me I love it's so funny I love
public speaking because mostly in
environments where I can one like almost
make a fool of myself I like to make
people laugh so I love getting up in
front of people and trying to make
people laugh so this is a little
different but I people don't so here's a
funny thing there's a joke that people
have a greater fear of getting up in
public than they are of death so people
would rather die than get up in public
it's okay I don't I don't leave my
family I'll get up and speak but I I've
just been very nervous so JIT that's
what our day we're kind of having a
jammy day in our home preparing
hey where you get right my talk for me
you are a boy you look like a little man
that's what that's what it looks like
not a little boy a man
today I got Jackson dressed I got him
dressed in his little little comfy
outfit and and his hair was kind of like
parted and Jarrod's like where you going
old man where you going oh man you gonna
write my talk for me huh you don't even
know where to start that's how I feel
hey hey deepers nobody could pick it out
there's deepers Oh guys he's been eyeing
my drink the strawberries are so cool
Wow Wow I wish there was a device that
we could put on kids and just know
exactly what they're thinking like
what's going on in their mind right now
Jackson has been playing with his box
he's been playing underneath these
stools and just randomly is like
laughing just like he's go it's the
cutest thing I just want to know exactly
what is going on in his mind right now
Jackson what do you think it he's cute
it's mom it's mom we've got a height
great Jackson come on come back here
dude we've got a hi Jackson Jackson
quick under the crib quick Jackson it
under the crib we've got to go under the
crib Jackson we've got to go under the
crib are you gonna come come under the
crib it's safe under here
who are we oh there's me what our long
that's been there now you said you made
a discovery yes I did when he gets out
of under the crib watch your head yes
the pinkie disaster
okay I hope he doesn't get too mad that
I was changing his diaper
Jackson okay that's as changing his
diaper and he's kind of whining whoa
whoa whoa and look look see see cheese
look at that chips way back there wait
on this side
now you get a cookie well let's learn
fish the cookie and then I'll try again
that's my cracker thank you
yeah that's right back here on the right
and it is a way back far too is I can't
even believe that he's teething weird he
teeth like all of them crazy how he's
been teething like some people are
calling across teething or something and
I guess that's supposed to be really
painful but even back care Jackson is
like he's like playing peek-a-boo with
you guys
he was like bouncing up and down he's
about like hey hi Ellie we have an issue
we have a really bad issue right now
going on do you want to know what it is
issue issue issue issue is she are
trying to think of an issue there's a
hole on my side because it was a magic
8-ball and it creeps people out that's
that is one issue this is issue number
two Jackson is learning how to throw
things he is learning how to throw
things why he's so interested in Mickey
Mouse right now he is throwing things
Jackson do you want this do you want
that now let me just inspect his hair a
little bit
let me just inspect it oh wind up whoa
whoa well he threw it across the floor
the other day the other day like two
minutes ago what am I thinking I love
his little tracksuit like that's my
favorite thing in the world you look it
is a cup a we have spent like the whole
day preparing and writing these talks oh
so he's not gonna throw it but he just
did Jackson is definitely starting to
throw things and it's hilarious and I
love it and I really try not to laugh
like right to lattice changes diaper
again with joy and he was mad and he
checked it and I was just like but you
are the lab because I mean it's so cute
and you can't help but think it's cute
but okay now he's standing on it right
he was starting to throw things and he's
thrown with his right arm so sorry
Jackson you might not be a major pitcher
he loves watching Mickey Mouse this is
the only show Jackson will just sit and
watch this and like his YouTube friends
like always watch ollie
well not only that he just loves his
daddy
he loves your daddy yeah his daddy your
daddy you love your dad you you love
grandpa too your daddy
enough laying around let's try snuggling
spine that's trying to do our stunts
the curl is body
he was totally curling his body well
that escalated quickly
he looks so huge in your arms he looks
so huge
doesn't he look cute you're so big yeah
stretch down well we were at my dad's
yesterday and my parents they don't use
their dishwasher either but on my
parents dishwasher there are buttons you
can push not like these though but they
like indent and all of the grandkids I
don't know how they know that they can
both push those buttons but they always
go and like push the buttons in you can
push one in in it
the next one will pop out and Jackson
yesterday was pushing the button so I
was like yeah he's officially part of
the grandkids fun he found the buttons
on the dishwasher and he could reach
them well that's the thing that's the
amazing part is he can reach them
because all of my life growing up and
maybe Ellie can attest to this with her
story but I was always the shortest I
was always the shortest and I was always
the last one out of my friends to be
able to reach something or anything like
that so my son he's not following his
dad he's getting the heights maybe he'll
get grandpa grandpa Griffis genes and
he'll be tall my dad my dad's pretty
tall oh and by the way we're out of
Lucky Charms completely I'm kind of sad
we just got back from the grocery store
and guess what I had to get some
deodorant some q-tips some jelly beans
but most importantly you know that's
right no that's right oh look at all
those Lucky Charms aren't near as
important
or okay so we bought a case of pop which
by the way Jarrod's been doing really
good with his goal he has except when he
pulled that all-nighter he had like four
but but Jarrod's like where's the where
is everything I was like I brought it in
and brought the milk and we even went
back in the car we checked I went to the
bathroom it's literally on search for
dr. pepper where the heck is the dr.
pepper I I put her right there oh there
it is
okay which by the way I've saved ever
since like December I've saved all of
the dr. pepper cans and the bottles that
we got huh so I could shoot them with
the slingshot that you got me for
Christmas a lot of that's Gatorade two
from me okay well we found that we can
good but I'm proud of Jared he's not
doing so good was his goal some people
have asked about working out
that's where Jared's been working out
that treadmill hmm
we he never bought a pass to a gym
because that's like pure dedication like
that's a lot of money that you have to
pay I guess I'm not dedicated to the art
of tuning my body to a final $50.00 a
month depending on where you go so he
had a month kind of like a month pass
and he went religiously but lately he's
just been doing the treadmill at night
so he's been doing really good with that
and I've even done the treadmill like
twice just the times are my legs have
felt Restless I've walked a little bit
and it's made it feel a lot better but
yeah kind of fun I'm glad you found the
dr. Cofer holy cow I'm glad you got the
Lucky Charms - mm-hmm Oh spider-man kiss
Oh either Peter Parker no it's
spider-man
I know married but you don't know that
until we have
we should watch him all together okay
thank you guys so much for watching I
hope you have a wonderful evening and
tomorrow for you guys well today for you
guys is gonna be Sunday maybe at the
start of a really great week it's gonna
feel really good for us tomorrow to get
our talks over with yes but really over
it do you see this right here this is a
stress and pressure you're gonna feel in
this but it's gonna happen mmm yeah I'm
shoulders it tomorrow um
last but not least if you guys I know
some may not be religious but if you
guys are going to your chapels your
churches your temples
wherever place you go to worship maybe
you guys could think of my aunt and your
thoughts and prayers especially the next
few days she's really not doing very
well and my mom has asked that all the
family just keep her in the prayer and
so I'm sending that along to you guys if
you guys will I know you guys have I
really appreciate it my aunt has been on
all of our minds and we really hope the
best for everything so thank you guys so
much we really appreciate it and we will
see you tomorrow
everything is so exciting when your kid
goes to sleep stop with that your
stories aren't cool anymore
everything is so exciting when you're
doing snapchat doing snapchat that's my
girl
