good morning guys it is such a good day
I just got out of eating lunch with
Bonnie and the kids and they're saying
hi to a dog inside a van and we are on
our way we are going to go see my
brother and his wife she's having her
baby any day now we're gonna go get her
some gifts and we are gonna have dinner
with all my siblings except Jules you
laughing at you guys in but I wanted to
tell you guys I've been reading the
comments in today's vlog you guys are
loving that website that we were talking
about in yesterday's video about ranking
your vitamins all of you guys went and
ranked your own prenatal pills and you
guys are doing good they were all like V
plus a plus I'm like over here like the
do plus range but you guys are loving it
so I'm so glad that helped you guys out
you
yes Ellie has gone away from me yet
again she have left me just kidding but
she has left she is going out with her
sisters because Ellie's sister-in-law is
having a baby soon so her and some of
the other girls are gonna go and just
kind of have a little fun pre-birth
party like a little girls day so they're
getting all together while I take care
of some odds and ends here around the
house I've got some work to do got some
cleaning to do
but her stuff is a lot more exciting so
let's go to Ellie okay they're watching
now you have to behave nope nope the
cameras on you have to behave you're
always well behaved in the cameras on
right he's totally behaving now you
totally know we're sitting here at dad
were saying hi to dad because mom's
still gone we all came up to say hi
before we go to bone Emily's and he
literally is behaving now you might
hyper he loves Grandma and Grandpa he's
just gone I'm playing but I fell they
were about a little bit bad that dad's
missing out he's missing out on all this
sweet night jack fit he's loving this
little glider and the grandkids are
loving swing in one take I can't believe
that in that these kids are nine months
apart so in about nine months this is
gonna be Jackson by himself holding on
see now you let go I couldn't trust you
right now doing it I could trust you ah
he kisses your grandpa it's like oh do I
have to okay you have to get kisses you
have to actually do it show Boston huff
yes
Boston won't get kisses Hey look look
look look look look
Jackson oh there we go Hey finally out
of the forest
hey hugs and kisses guys let's go
Oh guys look how cute Jackson's cousin
is we just bought to Emily's house for
having our party and um Kate it keeps
getting blankets for Jackson and
Jackson's loving it so she's going to
get one we'll see which one she brings
out to share no it is comfortable I'm
buying
you're so excited about Josie no go
right now
I guess my brother got a new toilet and
Bonnie's flipping out about it look so
this is for I swear I flushed that was
another kid yes and that has this little
one that comes down just for kids
oh that's cute okay yes I love it hello
I thank you for sharing your toys
Jackson loves coming over and playing
with his cousins this is so fine you
sharing all your toys hey hey how is he
not having closer Malia oh it's okay
we'll get you out oh no you got yourself
there you go how fun is this all of my
siblings are together is all that right
- all right check it all except Julie
that's her land in her medical school
but other than not all the siblings are
together does it feel kinda fun to be
together money Ruby Kennedy this is so
fun and mom's not a text out the other
day because you guys know she's with my
aunt and she's like I just want to make
sure y'all taking care of each other and
we are we are taking Emily out she's
gonna get some dinner because she's
having her baby soon we're spoiling her
with some gifts and it's just a fun day
it's fun to all be together we're kind
of sad some of our husbands are not with
us because they have to work out of our
house was there with them nope just Bobo
that's my brother just him his first
foreign son is going to be born soon so
this is
citing for all of us yep the first
Griffis boy yeah it's present time emily
is going to open a few little gifts that
the girls got for her we're going to
start with mine Oh
after playing guitar yesterday like I
said I was going to I played the
electric guitar and I try playing like
as much blues as I could like all those
amazing guitar solos I've learned one
thing is that my calluses are gone my
fingers hurt so bad I tried picking up
the guitar again today and just like oh
man they are so bad I really need to
keep playing more I need to play like
all the different types of songs I like
to play just to keep these calluses up
they hurt so bad you can't even tell but
they look a little bit more red oh man
do you know who this is for it's for
baby Henry except for a baby brother oh
that's cute oh that's a gift busy hahaha
dope is cute is that cool what's this
Kate I'm gonna fit him forever oh I know
it's for when he's really big but I
think that is so cute I don't know
church bell in all this to you oh it may
be a long time then oh he can wear and
he's fine I said that kids don't you if
I go lady damn yeah so you can leave in
it like mom's house or I love that those
are the best these are the best bibs
ever
oh did you your favorite socks yes I
love them about this those are so and I
figured those will fit in this winter
cuz he's probably not gonna need socks
now but no them girls blue in China
yeah yeah hopefully oh gosh oh my gosh
you're gonna be excited oh look at her
face
oh it's for Henry that gets a baby
brother really does that not look like
Bo that looks like Bo they could do a
post like jelly and jaren I know
twinners yeah seriously
homely that fits in this coming I winter
yeah one thing that Ellie and I have
been planning and working on for a while
is well something of a little secret but
I want to give you a little teaser here
you guys go to Ellie and Jared comm you
will see this what do you guys think
Ellie and I are working on a website and
we've enlisted the help of some people
that you may know but we're really
excited to have that coming out to you
guys soon but I also wanted to say that
by the time you guys watch this will
probably only be four days left on the
teespring campaign my mind is absolutely
blown that we've had as much support on
that as we have already we're almost to
200 and our goal was 100 like doubling
that that's amazing thank you guys so
much
there's only four days left so if you
guys want to take advantage of that it's
only for a limited time
obviously there's only four days left
but if you guys want to do that I'll
have a link down below it's teespring
calm Ellie and Jared I'm kind of
interested to see if we can break 200 I
think that would be really cool thank
you guys again for your support we're
really grateful and here in a little bit
I'm gonna go pick up Ellie she is at her
parents house and I'm gonna go pick her
up and I'm gonna drive her home
you
you
 guys we made it home safe and sound
we had a good time tonight it was good
seeing each other getting back into each
others arms but for now we're gonna end
the vlog so thank you guys so much for
watching I hope you have a wonderful
weekend and we'll see you guys tomorrow
bye
