are you okay baby gay are you you didn't
even mr. belly you don't even open you
just kept walking are you okay oh my god
what the heck Jackson
how are you d can I just reenact are you
- hell of them uh her uh Calvin only
we're just walking down here you saved
me I just was like what I flew forward
and Ellen chair was behind me and
grabbed my stomach and like hold me back
Wow how did you know I don't know are
you okay well I thought the baby gate
was open and happy school it was all the
way collide just like ripped it off the
wall
Alvar hurt my stomach
today is the day that I have my glucose
test and I'm actually a little nervous
because I woke up not feeling the
greatest but I'm excited for my doctor's
appointment this is what my morning
looks like every morning I have a cup of
drink usually it's juice but because my
glucose test I'll do water have my
thyroid medicine and my prenatal pill
and Jared's getting my toast ready so
that I have because I can eat something
very small you know there you go I can
eat something very small but it has to
be a few hours before my glucose test
and I I'm getting my thyroid checked as
well today to make sure I'm still on the
right medication but Jared I discovered
this website yesterday it's called lab
door and I thought it was really
interesting and I'm going to ask my
doctor if he has a certain prenatal pill
that they prescribed it they recommend
because with Jackson my doctor just gave
me like nine months worth of prenatal
pills but right now I'm just taking
prenatal pills I got from Walmart and
this website loved or it's a supplement
it's a supplement ranking website so
basically what they do is they have a
laboratory and they basically just see
what's inside of these supplements in
Elly's case prenatal pills and then they
rank them based on their efficacy what's
actually on the label and basically just
rank them and there's a huge list of the
supplements and they grade them like a a
minus B plus and what was your guess
what my prenatal pills right dad I mean
it was right too deep plus but that's
better than what I did in math but I was
like why is it that and so I I was
looking into it and it was because the
label on the prenatal pills that I have
is off by 10% the first of the four
pouring the key four ingredients were
off by about 10% crazy hon I mean
they're it's still good for me it's a
good prenatal pill but it's not the best
and so kind of size
basically what it does is it says like
oh this this prenatal pill is the most
accurate has the best efficacy and so
they rank them like you know best to
worst but also like the best value
because I mean let's face it you can pay
like what a million dollars
remember prenatal pill but you know it's
mine mine's very and a lot of quality
but a lot of quantity but very very
cheap so I don't know it's just kind of
interesting but I'll make sure to have
that link down below if you guys want to
check that website out it's a very
educational website I just thought it
was really interesting and thought some
of you guys may like to know but I'm
going to eat my toast I'm kind of sad
that's like all I get to eat for like
the whole day so does this mean I we can
go out to dinner and go get a nice big
needy steak or something later tonight
we treat you well after your glucose
test but I still want a sip of it okay
Ellie do you remember the very first
clip of this video where we talked about
how you fell and I caught you and I say
if you're alive from the baby gate and
everything do you remember that you
remember are you doing okay from math
okay good now that you're okay now that
you're okay and Jackson's okay
and baby Calvin's okay I want to show
you guys what happened
this is bent it is 100% bent now I just
turn the light off I wanna turn this
light off so this part is in this part
is not and if I were like okay I'll put
that in oh wait now it doesn't go in and
all of these are level I just use the
level to measure everything oh I just
I'm breaking more things I just use the
level to measure everything out and it's
totally bent so I'm like huh maybe if I
fall this way I'll fix it Ellie
we have to fall the opposite way
honestly if the gate wasn't there like
if it would have opened like I really
would have fallen on my stomach like I
was like leaning against like trying to
lean against it was bad
you had to grab me like i gotchu so wait
wait wait wait wait you did I just like
I just save your life Jackson you keep
your eyes closed with mom and dad make
out okay we at Lowe's and we were huggy
yeah I just like it's like a Persian for
exhaustion so we just like hug and all
of a sudden we hear Jackson
what a cute Lloyd but least you have the
best helper in town yeah least you have
the cutest helper in town you happened
did he just 2d he did a little bit yes
Jackie AJ could you go grab the rotary
girder from the garage that way we can
splice this down right and center and
make sure the conjuncture is lined up
very great it's about that time it's
about time to take your glucose test
okay but first you're exactly right I'm
gonna take the first sip I'm gonna test
it out for you I would you open it up
for me my wrists are kind of weak my
wrists I'm just kidding smell it smells
like an orange Krush drink oh my gosh it
totally does do you sit just a little it
tastes like a orange create our orange
otter pop a melted orange our pop that's
what it tastes like well I don't have to
yeah I can get away so I think it of how
timing wise because you have to time it
pretty spot-on for it to work this is
very scientific medical
chug-chug-chug-chug well your eyes at me
you just rolled your eyes at me joke
joke joke choo-choo
I don't know why people think it's nasty
it's not it's like an orange soda it
tastes like a otter pop yeah a melted
orange otter pop which are delicious by
the way are you ready for the needle Ali
yeah
and you wanna do this side he has a
better vein last night I'm not I'm glad
you don't support vain discrimination I
don't good job my daughter my big
Jackson was laughing he thinks it's
pretty funny
yeah you just wait
so light we meet again more than it
normally does you know my blood drawn
that hurt yeah well they took a lot of
blood town yeah she did it really fast
she's caught it she's good though
I thought she was good I'm ready to eat
yeah where do you want to eat I want to
eat that's your favorite place ever
I told Jared I feel like soup me soup me
lift my spirit yeah maybe we'll do soup
today maybe like soup and salad oh yeah
you like oh yeah okay whatever you want
that's Calvin right there that's her
brother saying hello
hey buddy a scowl on her face Jax he's
like brother he Pat's my belly baby
brother Oh squeals you got to make some
room bud perfect right baby is looking
great in sand and gray I am now all
happier because now we can go eat my
doctor wasn't there he was delivering
some babies so I talked to the nurse and
she gave me like a whole bag of like
prenatal vitamins so I'm gonna go rank
them up Mike's idea that's the cool
thing is like lab door you can go check
it out and look up the ranks and see how
they do I know I'm gonna go do it I'm
gonna take all of them regardless of the
ratings but I still think in school so
let's go eat so that my sugary tummy
will be happy let's go fill you a bit
Lucky Charms makes me want to throw up
right now that sounds too
I don't want to treat I want food okay
look at him he is ramming his head into
the bars oh my gosh and now he's trying
to do a handstand in the crib he is
ramming his head into the bars
I keep hearing Bing Bing and Jarrod just
got in there jack I was down here and I
was like did Jackson just fall out of
his crib like I and I was about to run
up and I looked at the little monitor
and he was ramming his head into the
polls like full-on charging like into
the into the wood and I don't think he's
gonna nap so oh well how's your head
bring it over here is it red yeah many
marks on him he was totally ramming his
head his proof that we don't beat our
son he does it to himself
yeah crazy kid it is ready to rock and
roll all set up for you yeah fun and
enjoy I just set up your office space oh
I'm gettin standing over there sure
let's go take a look at I just out of
Ellie's office space so she can film her
next baby update so it's gonna be on her
channel linked down below in the
description box I have been listening to
blues music all day and it's not because
I feel like I'm in the blues but it's
just such an a powerful feeling when you
like listen to these amazing musicians
do these guitar solos and all day I have
been wanting to bust out the blue Telus
nazzer
and just rock out on the guitar but I
think as soon as Ellie's done I'm gonna
play a little guitar but I've just been
feeling it all day I just want to
express myself musically through the
through the electric strings what do you
say again ah Jackson's not gonna sleep I
know right
he wants to go play Jackson's gonna
finish up playing and I think then we're
gonna go home and put him to bed it was
so funny when we we got to the park and
last time we were on a walk Jackson we
didn't go to the park we were just on a
walk and as we walked by you
ooh and I was like okay on today's walk
Jackson's just going off in the boat I
know Oh
see you later what every today we come
well no then he cried because we got
past your part yeah cause we didn't go
to the park but today we walked by and
he just like had his eye on it the whole
time through walking by so I looped
around I was like maybe he'll start
crying again but of course we brought
him because it's fun and say over there
oh yeah he's had fun but I think we are
going to go home so I think we're going
to go ahead and the vlog thank you guys
so much for watching today and like
always we will see you tomorrow tomorrow
tomorrow let's see if we can get in it
right in there okay good who does your
big one what's going by kisses
and it's a sad day when it's time to go
home he just started crying because we
put him in the stroller
he's just Jeff gray you didn't want to
go
