whoa zooming part 500 Jackson guess what
guess what we're doing we're going on a
trip in our favorite rocket ship soaring
through the sky little Einstein guess
what we're doing today Jackson it's too
early
oh it's too early in the morning guys
this morning we are gonna go watch a
spaceship look at those mountains the
Sun oh my God all those mountains in
every morning it is just beautiful of it
tau Ted Oh guess who's coming with us
guess who's going on a spaceship with us
hey everybody how's it going guys are
you going on a spaceship with us
yeah hey car we twins look at this hi
guys hey how's it going
okay I've got to go the lights changing
and once again look at that sunrise
that's beautiful Oh purple mountain
Majesties above the fruited Plains okay
are you kids having fun yeah Jackson
just went in the back of the truck to
get situated because I think uncle Joel
may have bought in them a doughnut
doughnut you have a doughnut and we are
gonna watch
I don't even quite realize what is
rocket test fire yeah it's a test run so
they've mounted the rocket like white on
the ground and they're gonna just walk
over and we'll just see all that I don't
know where it's up there somewhere
oh my gosh so we're gonna watch
something No so we're not going we're
not going to the space guys sorry about
that oh so excited Uncle Joe gave his
own donut just got a little doughnut
hole and all I see is Jackson go oh oh
whoo is that good
pretty nice yum-yum over here there's a
lot there's a little radio thing and
they just said t-minus 15 minutes so 15
minutes until the rocket goes off
Jackson just went to uncle Joel cuz he
knows he has the donut and he's like
please please please please
he's like RT - sorry - like if you want
to do another trick I've got to get
another reward oh yeah he never the only
thing that he'll sign on his own is milk
I'm not so first time he had actually
been like okay please donut donut donut
he's like don't bother me I'm eating
that was very nice about Rachel to give
his own donut t minus 70 seconds are you
ready for this this is how we keep my
kids like get me out of here
hey well he's looking at these Donuts
right here he's trying to peek over and
get those Donuts if I let my tongue out
how are you guys they're about to say 30
seconds 30 seconds are you excited I
think so just livable to feel it we'll
be able to hear it and feel it for sure
you don't know where to look
three two one fire whoa oh my goodness
mark five No
this is all there
like it's like that is not just like wow
yeah that is so cool that is so cool you
believe that that is so cool so maybe it
didn't go into space but that was still
really cold out don't you think oh yeah
I loved it like they were just testing a
rocket and they just had it sideways and
so everything just came out the back and
it just was a walk
oh it was so cool though I thought it
was sweet and I'm really I'm glad that
Bonnie and Joel like know all these
things that are going on so we can take
advantage of and I do and like do it
with them you know like it's because we
don't know these things that are going
on we just moved here you know it's so
cool that they invited us to do that so
thank you guys so Ellie and Jackson just
woke up from their first snaps of the
day first that first novel
oh sorry let me rephrase that Eliott
Jackson just woke up from their naps
today sorry I thought it was the first
nap because we just you know we just got
home from the launch not too long ago
but they're having a little snack
Ellie's having her Lucky Charms and
we're about to give Jackson's very first
marshmallow and I want to see what his
reaction is he all the the other stuff
oh don't touch it Maxine do reverse turn
it up like I didn't you see that what
are you looking at look I ain't getting
you looking at the candle
he's like I'm staring off his even care
he's like really he's like I've had
licorice before this is okay you don't
even appreciate if you don't like it
we're not gonna get it for you Jackson
shirring anymore you're getting all the
other brown stuff what are they called
well I don't know this is a country for
me I know Wow Wow
now we saying it Wow well um I've given
Jackson were craftsmen then I should
have whooping huge oh my gosh it is
wearing oh look at this little baby
Calvin's robe look how cute he looks in
this robe it's like my favorite thing
ever to see em in coop you in it are you
gonna show off your your fancy new row
we had a sweet viewers on that
- baby Calvin and it fits Jackson so I
put on him to wear and I think you look
so cute in it oh oh he likes his dad he
loves his daddy
whoo ah whoo hey stand up whoo you a
burn to the face how is that lucky charm
Burt oh let's know it better than the
thinner than the other end burps that
I've gotten all day that I've had do it
it's recording oh it is you're recording
I'm recording right now before you even
grab it I didn't say I eat my Lucky
Charms is a treat I eat my treat before
dinner and didn't you just spoil your
food I always do that's the way you do
it when that's how you spell le is spoil
your dinner
elo I spoil your dinner when you're a
parent you can eat your treat and your
child can use treat before dinner but
were eating fruit and eggs and toast for
dinner
we've we've had breakfast for every meal
this tea today yeah that's some fun I
love it oh yeah it's good oh no no no
mom well Ellie it's finally over
officially it's done over signed sealed
and delivered The Bachelor is done and
you just watch the end of it
and I liked it what are your thoughts
what are your thoughts on what they just
did though after the final rose actual
arete whoa was that hard was that a toot
holy cow
so they just announced I think it's a
reality show but part of it is like come
on is that some of it I don't know I
don't know what to say I don't know what
to say I think it's weird I think that
it's kind of sucks for the girls I would
hate to be on that yeah competing I'm
twice yeah you're not only competing for
the again for the guys you're competing
against the girl well and one of them
goes home the first night oh really
yeah I believe they choose that first
night I can be wrong I don't know weird
it is very hot it's fun that's one of
your favorite shows huh I'll show you
what I've been doing here here take the
camera I've just been sitting here and
going like mmm pop-pop likes Jackson I'm
gonna Boop your head boop boop bop bop
boop boop no is a big one this off the
door on a Jackson's head Oh off the door
onto Jackson's head oh yeah of this wall
okay sir
No here we go ready okay kind of change
the angles it's all about the angle okay
Oh close we got my leg Oh
Jax's head here we go it's just like
laying there hey here we go one two
three ah close never very good a
geometry
no okay
thanks guys for watching tomorrow's
exciting I have a doctor's appointment
and I am kind of looking forward to it
so my glucose test oh my gosh the
glucose says I'm gonna have a sip of
that yes yeah so we'll see you guys
tomorrow come inside my chest oh you can
go to Jessica see good bye say bye
milk fine he's like I said
Jackson Jackson Jackson you think it's
okay to be in there yeah I love you hey
I love you say goodbye Jax say bye bye
see Popeye
