good morning guys we are finally up and
running for the day and I don't blame
Jared because he went to bed at seven
a-and I don't know it's just this
daylight savings time he's just really
kicking me I don't think it would have
this much of an effect on me but no
Jared he edited the vlog I wish so bad
we had another computer or else I would
have done that and then those are the
times that I wish we had an extra
computer but it's really not that big
good yeah it's not very often minutes
after but he was up all night editing
the baby name rival video and something
that I love about Jared is every job he
has ever had if he doesn't know
something he figures it out and he had a
little bit of help yesterday and he was
able to figure out he was trying to what
were you trying to do that was so the
whole process of it if you guys haven't
seen already on the the reveal I only
had a green screen I had a green screen
on my stomach pretty much and Jared had
to make it look like a real magic 8-ball
and that was a lot of work and so it
spent hours like editing it and getting
it to work the thing is if if Final Cut
Pro had the options and the abilities to
do that it wouldn't have been a big deal
at all but I had I'm basically teaching
myself how to do some stuff in After
Effects and that's what took so long is
getting everything set up it's you know
I'm sure it's it's easy for a lot of
people but I thought it was you know I
was proud that you figured it out well I
I didn't have some help so thank you you
guys know who you are thank you for your
help
it it was a lot of fun I had a lot of
fun working on it and doing it and
learning the new things because that
means I just know how to do more things
for the future oh yeah but the baby name
video is up we'll have the link down
below if you missed it but I want some
crepes and Jared was up way way way late
he slept a little bit this morning from
7:00 to like 11:30
eleven and so we're gonna go get some
crepes you must be creepin serious
because we're gonna get some crepes
today well I just think this is so fun
like it's such a beautiful day today
it's early March and it is gorgeous
outside I've got a beautiful view right
in front of me the river those cars no
I'm just kidding look at this we're just
out having some crepes and everything
and we've got this little outside nook
here then we're gonna eat and it's gonna
be a lot of fun there's gonna be a lot
of fun we're gonna eat together as a
little family all four of us you know
Ellie over the river and through those
woods to grandmother's house we go we go
to Grandma's Jack's what are we gonna go
to Washington I don't know you know
Ellie it's funny every time Oh Jackson
just said I feel her for the keys yeah
it's funny every time I see one of these
straw wrappers the day we did it well
just just every single time every single
time that we had a straw we would tie it
together and say if it lands on the
right it's a boy if it lands on the left
it's a girl now every time I see one of
these things it reminds me of that oh
thank you so much delicious that great
the best crepes I've ever had is in New
York but do you remember where it was
he's hungry
I don't know where it was we have lived
in our new place for four months which
is crazy with how much Jackson has grown
up in four months
don't you think remember we are moving
if he was just so teeny tiny it's just
so crazy but we've been living in our
new place for four months and we are
finally getting items to put on our
walls we've had very very many many
comments of our Baerwald your balls are
so naked and not looking at her naked
walls that's embarrassing yeah they're
self-conscious keep your eyes on keep
your eyes on the prize eyes are right
here guys
my eyes are right here don't look at our
naked walls but I found a few things so
we are going to go and hang them up you
know what I'm excited to go home I'm
excited I would love to build a house
and I've already said this before but I
want to put everything into the bathroom
like it just this amazing shower Jared
wants a nice toilet I want a super nice
toilet and I want a shower with multiple
heads so they're coming at you at all
directions just like where's the
compliment it's coming from everywhere
order rather than instead of that coming
ever being like oh this is nice because
it's you're getting wet and they're not
cold and then maybe one of them you can
like to take off and I can spray you
with or like you know just just like
kind of water fight and then one where
you pull a lever and it just a bunch of
stuff comes out and then you can do like
or what I want is I don't want a door on
my shower the like the walk I want to
just be able to have it like stone and
walk in and walk into the shower I don't
want to open and close the door I don't
want to squeegee down a glass door yeah
I don't want none of this stuff I just
want a nice walk around isn't it fun to
dream oh it's so fun we're talking I was
just going to say some of our favorite
conversations are of us just like
dreaming and wishing about our house you
know yeah it's fun it's fun to do with
your spouse Oh what we're dreaming about
our house it's funny to do with your
spouse do you guys want to see something
crazy so Ellie and I are still here at
Lowe's but I just saw on the floor this
tape this line of tape right here and it
doesn't give you a good perspective when
it's on the ground but this tape right
here measures 16 feet in my record is
five meters 16 points 16 feet 3-3 I
can't convert anymore anyway I'll have
it figured out it's like 16 feet three
and a quarters of an inch or something
like that
almost 16 foot 4 but I have pole vaulted
this entire length only if it was
standing up isn't that crazy
like that's that would be fun to have on
the ground or on the wall or something
just like to show you how if I was
Sergey Bubka or she's the French guy
Rodion got Toulon or something like that
to have my world record on the side of
my house that would be sweet 20 feet
that's a huge so high for pole vaulting
20 feet
I think Jarrod has gotten a lot of use
out of his Christmas present I uh I got
this for him for Christmas and he's
actually used it quite a bit
my parents got him a drill for one of
our first Christmases that we've had
together and you are just finishing up
hanging my
hanging my stuff you can't see my
nakedness anymore huh
don't look at my naked balls there but
that's cute huh we'll get some pictures
of us in there and then look I'll even
put Jared's jacket on here that way
someone comes Roma
see how cute is that
put a bread on it put a bird on it that
is so cute my dad made me that bench and
then that are so cute
we're getting things together you know
I've got some a few pieces out and we
got that picture and when you got the
power tools that you need you've got the
equipment that you need to keep those
there you can take 250 pounds to those
hooks right there and that's what you
got it - I think it's really cute what
do you guys think now my walls aren't so
naked eventually I'll get some pillows
and figure that out but because you
can't be in a rush we should talk about
we should just meet Bonnie should go
throwback Thursday of a drill and me and
overalls and my bum uh-oh that's a good
cop would have been like what are us
because every kid does it every kid does
stupid things that you're like what
there's some things that I did growing
up there like wool I could have blown
the house down
forget weird how did you throw back
Thursday Sunday's that we make fine what
tomorrow every Thursday maybe we'll do
it then Dada Dada Dada Dada he was doing
Jackson huh
hello oh you want to talk to Jackson
okay here is say hi say hi guys I think
we are gonna wrap the vlog up I want
Jarrod to get a really good night's rest
tonight and so we're gonna go ahead and
say goodbye but before we say goodbye I
want to I know I've done it this week
already
but tell Jerry to thank you for the hard
work that you
put into the baby name red belt video it
kind of was a little creepy seeing the
little magic 8-ball middle like belly
button
I realize a I understand a few of the
comments I was like well I do agree it
was kind of weird but it was unique it
was different it was fun it was creative
it challenged Jaron it was a big
challenge and that's why I'm grateful
for because it gives me a fun
opportunity to like do you know my hobby
like this is fun for me and I'm so
grateful that I have opportunity to
develop talents on this platform like if
I had any other job and I did what I did
last night there's no way like I could
not do that I could not do that so thank
you for like making our dreams happen it
is really fun that we can call this a
hobby because that's what it started out
with and it still is and now we can call
it our job and it is so fun for me and
Jared we literally talk about this 24/7
this this is the topic of our everyday
conversation is YouTube and it is so fun
and Jared just went upstairs boohoo
that's okay he can wind down here okay I
don't you to leave me come sit down but
also before we go I want to say thank
you to everybody that has bought in
bought and bought bonds not a word
people correctly I don't care that's my
word for everybody that has purchased
button received gotten a shirt from us
it is your hard-earned money and it
doesn't matter what job you have to make
a dollar is hard and for you to be
willing to spend twenty of those dollars
for us to buy a shirt really we do not
take lightly we really appreciate it and
I haven't talked to my mom in a few days
she is staying up all night every night
with my aunt that's I believed last I
heard she was in the ICU and I me and
Jared have talked about it and we feel
like we have been very blessed and the
you guys have been purchasing these
shirts from us and me and Jared want we
have about seven days left and we felt
like it would be nice to take a portion
of that and donate towards my aunt's
fund that she has to help out with her
medical expenses so I we really really
appreciate everybody that supports us
that watches our vlogs that leaves
positive comments that tunes in every
single day we really don't take it
lightly so thank you so much and like
always we will see you tomorrow good bye
you got a binky in his mouth now
