good morning guys and we are having a
lazy day we're on our comfy clothes and
we are going to teach Jackson how to
watch the Apple Keynote yeah we are
gonna watch the Apple Keynote this
morning it is on two hours so Jackson
and I are gonna go to the store and we
are going to go get things to make
biscuits and gravy because we're having
a lazy day and biscuits and gravy is a
nice yummy hearty warm meal to stay at
home all day well yeah that's cool
let's just say I'm glad that you're not
old enough and that you're gonna kick
and scream cuz you want one of the fun
carts I thought that I could just take
him in a regular car for now let's go
he's wanting to go where should we go
first Donuts whoo we've got our goods I
think we're ready for a party fruit and
yummy stuff for an all-day party say hi
hi Jackson he's been saying hi to
everyone who went by and I'm not gonna
lie if somebody doesn't say hi back I'm
like kind of annoyed if my kid says hi
you say hi back but we have all our
snacks we've got all of our fruit and
we've got stuff for dinner and then I
have my sausage for the biscuits and
gravy and I am really excited for today
I'm excited to eat
alrighty we've got three minutes until
it goes live I have set up my laptop
here through HDMI so we can stream it on
the big screen so Ellie and I can watch
together in the comfort of our living
room and as Ellie is getting ready we
are gonna have some sweets a suite of
biscuits and gravy cook them make cook
that meat so it tastes like a tree oh
YUM let's get ready for this it's gonna
be exciting check starting on the phone
with someone say hello say hi is it
grandma are you calling grandma on the
phone that is so cute Jackson just grab
the pho nimit hi he's been doing that a
little bit Nona cutie well Ellie we just
finished with the Apple Kino and what
are your thoughts on the Apple watch
um I when I got Jared the Pebble watch a
few years ago I knew I would like
something like that and so that's why I
really think an Apple watch would be
really fun to have the rose gold is
completely
I was just I was just gonna say Ellie
I'm sorry but I'm pretty sure I can get
you the rose gold one it's ten thousand
is just a little too much nine thousand
maybe but ten thousand that's a little I
gotcha
I would rather finish getting a down
payment for a house then right but I
have a second car yeah but no I
I told Jerez like let's figure out the
price maybe it could be like a future
gift or something yeah but not for the
rose gold but I would like maybe like
the leather band would be nice yeah
our birthdays are coming up right when
the Apple watch comes out so it might be
a fun birthday gift I don't know we'll
see this it's just fun to talk about how
fun to think and dream about it's it's
fun for us to kind of play with you know
so who knows what's gonna happen but I
think it's fun but Apple watch reaction
huh I thought the whole thing was cool
we were a that was like the first time
we've been able to sit down and watch
like an Apple Keynote together we both
enjoy it
last year I watched it by myself because
I was at work and I was texting Jared
all the end date I was like so grateful
because I was like getting messages and
I was like oh this is so cool Jared wait
till you hear this I'm like that's my
wife but what do you think about the
goal of MacBook I thought that was
really cool I I was like if I get that
all the computer I will edit everything
that was fun too in no way we need no
yeah it's so fun and it does the thing
it's like we're not gonna get any of
this stuff but it's just fun you know
yeah maybe I'll get you a watch but it's
just fun you know I think it's so cool
how old does a good job at making you
want the things that they make that's
what they're good at I'm gonna spray a
little too hungry are you you capable
okay okay okay I'm getting on it when
you grab my salmon was like I'm gonna
eat it because you know geez
okay so Apple just updated their website
and the one that Ellie wanted the most
just have the looks and everything I had
the rose gold with the pink leather band
$17,000 wow that is a car like it no
thanks but these other ones look nice
today is seriously such a nice day like
I don't even need a coat it is so
wonderful jared has got to spend the
rest of the day editing our baby name
reveal video so Jax and I are getting
out of the house we are going over to
the park can you see the park yeah
that's cool let's go play on the swings
ready Ryan to you yeah this is really
weird weather we have not had much of a
winter this year it's crazy that it is
the beginning of March and it is very
warm like it's very warm I had a hat on
Jackson and I was like I'm sweating so I
took it off of him so he didn't get way
too warm but we're just gonna play here
for maybe fun all 40 minutes and then
we're both gonna go home and take a nap
yep even mommy's good taken out he loves
this you love this I love you I love you
love you love you
hey Gomez Gomez go fast
Jackson hey when I go next if he goes
faster he does not want me to pick him
up Thunder rock you put that in your
pocket for later I honestly think that
this is a really fun stage of Jackson
right now because he doesn't put every
little thing in his mouth he actually
just picked us up looks at it and then
puts it down and keeps going and I mean
I kind of wish he was walking so he
wasn't crawling in all these little
chips but he won't curl in the grass he
wants to be in the park area and he just
wants to explore so Jackson's totally
just exploring and looking at everything
looking at dirt and he's not letting
this rock go but he's been so good not
to put things in his mouth and I just
think this is a fun stage to see him
explore and move around he still has the
rock he's not letting go on that rock he
is gonna if he still has this rock by
the end of us playing I'll let him take
a home he won't let go the rock well
unfortunately you didn't keep that rock
he let it go long long ago but we are on
our way back and I put Jackson in the
swing right before we came because I was
like oh he's crawled on forever I'll let
him relax and like swing him and right
we're like I and he was like wanting to
get out wanting to crawl on he please
please like he was doing any sign he
could think of to get out of the swing
and he actually did it so that was
really fun
hey you are so crazy with those legs
when are you gonna learn how to bend
them and watch huh we're gonna get a
walk no get up wait wait wait down there
wait you're getting better at just
holding right think aren't doing it
I love you
where's brother where's be people out
there huh
where's baby brother should we sit up
where's baby brother Jackson has done so
well as I have made dinner
he has sat here and taken things out of
this little bag like five or ten times I
just put him back in and he takes them
back out there's still a few things in
there can you get him and he goes in and
takes them all out I made some dinner
Jared is still working on the video so
I'm going to bring Jared his dinner and
then me and Jackson are gonna be and
Jared's just go work on the baby named
evil for the rest of the night there's
so much more work that goes into some of
those videos then then I think I even
realize like the animation part that
Jared's doing or something with my belly
but he's doing is taking a really long
time so I'm really grateful for him and
I'm really grateful he knows what he's
doing it is so weird that it is so
bright outside and it's Jackson's
bedtime but I just got Jackson to bed
and I think I'm going to end the vlog
sorry Jared's not here but I just want
him to get his work done and not
distract him but I wanted to say from
the bottom of my heart thank you so much
for all the sweet messages that you guys
sent to my aunt I have read the comments
I may not have been able to respond to
everyone but I have read them and I do
really appreciate it I haven't even my
mom hasn't talked to any of the kids the
past 24 hours or so so I haven't really
heard any updates as far as what's going
on she just sends a group text every
once in awhile of update so thank you so
much our baby cakes reveal is up right
now if you guys want to see it it is on
my channel I'll make sure to have the
link down below so that if you guys
don't know what my channel is it's just
le Meachem but we'll have the link down
below for you guys to watch and I'm
trying to think if there's anything else
Jared or brought me to say sir any other
things thank you again we already told
you guys we hit our goal
for the t-shirts oh thank you so much
but there still is like 10 days left I
think or nine days left on wrong but
anyway we'll have that down below too as
well I can't wait to get mine I got the
coral shirt and I got the blue hoodie so
I cannot wait to get it but thank you
guys so much for watching today and we
will see you tomorrow
I say goodbye babycakes say goodbye
goodbye cab acaba boom that was okay
goodbye
I'm pretty sure I'm going way over our
minutes for a vlog footage but I had to
tell you guys that it's really late at
night and during a deep conditioning
treatment but Jarrod's been at this
video and he hasn't even gotten to the
vlog yet and he's gonna be up all night
all night he's having some hard times at
this so hope it turns out so make sure
to thumbs up that vision of it goes up
because Jarrod's putting hours and hours
and hours into this video and it took a
few hours to do as well so whole thing
is the thing about it is I'm doing stuff
that I don't know how to do so I'm
learning how to do it as I do this so
that's that's the difficult thing but if
it has to be it has to be that or we'll
do one take and just tell you the name
but anyway hope all goes well
