this is Jackson's new way of
Transportation hey go get daddy's are
you being silly
go get dad you'd be safe I think you'd
be so sad when you don't do the bear
crawl anymore ah wait what about just
Jackson what about this yeah what about
this huh can't do on your head - on your
head he did laughing - that's funny
that Sun is hot it is warm this week I
know it's nice to take a nap on the
carpet good boy
crawl away my little bear
happy Sunday everyone how are you doing
today guys it is a brand new week and I
am trying to start fresh and new and
take on this week and do better than I
did the week before make sure I'm happy
make sure Elly's happy make sure
Jackson's happy I just feel like you
know there's this light on me right now
and I have to do something about it
um this light is just shining so bright
in my eyes and on my face in fact
there's two of them
there's two I can sense two lights and
this camera what does light in camera oh
that's right we have lights and cameras
set up right now and you guys can
probably guess why Ellie Jackson and I
have been filming all day long today it
has been crazy it's been exciting and
it's been fun and you guys can probably
guess exactly what we're filming this
coming Tuesday on Ellie's YouTube
channel I will have a link right here
right across my face and down below in
the description bar - Ellie's Channel
make sure you're subscribed to her
channel because that is where the name
reveal is going to be okay but we've
been filming all day it's been a lot of
fun and also the leftovers of our twitch
stream there's the capture card and
there's the mic we just did the twitch
stream last night and it was so much fun
we had such a blast I think we play for
like an hour and a half we play
supermario and we played Mario Kart and
it was so much fun we have like 350
people there it was amazing
reading through all the comments
interacting with you guys in a different
way it was like instant communication
it's like we're living in the future it
was so much fun I think Ellie and I are
definitely gonna do that a little bit
more - don't you think we're gonna do a
little more twitch streaming yes
oh wow you are so pink pink wait for it
my pal in shawwal DPP tebah except i
don't want people telling asking me to
do just dance haha
you're dancing for to Ellie but I I'm
totally kidding I hear grab covet grab
the cavity Jackson escape somebody was
like you should you just dance I was
like don't have bad I just was way too
tired I've been really I don't know I
was telling Jarrod today I was like I'm
not sick not nauseous I'm not you are an
amazing pregnant lady that's all I had
to say the lack of complaining the lack
of I don't know if you're just not
telling me or what but it's just like
you're you are sergeant trooper McMahons
as what you are like you are doing so
good well thank you you forgot to wipe
the paint off your face oh don't worry
so much boiler all our video but i i i i
was having a hard time explaining to
Jerez like I'm not sick I'm not nauseous
on the headache and everyone's tired
anyway by Jared's exhausted from you
know being up late editing and stuff
Jackson's tired as a baby I'm tired but
there's just it's just I don't know how
to explain the other than I'm pregnant
like I feel very pregnant today well
this and that's about all I just feel
pregnant so I just feel I think that's
the I don't know I don't know how to say
yes perfect wait I'm pregnant
I feel tight I feel big my face hurt
well that's killing me too what happened
that was funny that was really funny so
is daylight saving time throwing anyone
else off right now
like it's so bright outside were like oh
sorry Jackson you've got to go to bed I
know can't stay up and play with us I
think it's kind of throwing us through a
loop a little this morning was hard it
was harder we didn't even go to bed that
late but it was still like hard to wake
up we you know we give him eight hours
usually when we sleep but it was still
pretty wrinkled I don't know I hey I did
not want to make out with Jackson but I
think that's the other thing is is I
don't sleep I don't sleep
we tossed and turned all night last
night
yeah and Jared it was funny we woke up
or I woke up and you turn your hip a
walk is it check out um last night I've
heard how did this whole day show me how
to hold it
I don't remember cuz I was asleep but I
remember you saying like don't don't say
that like I'm trying to sleep but I
think I was like sure no Jared I Jared
was asking me questions in his sleep
he's like well can I get it for you or
can I do something for you or can I
you were asking questions was because
you asked because I kept I was rolling
all night and then I was answering him
but I talked kind of loud like I'm just
natural and of kind of I always like
loud as the the 747 taking off in the
middle of the night like that's she's
like no it's not I kind of natural
anyway and so I was answering his
questions and he's like Ellie Shea and I
was like woman stop talking to me I'm
like you're the one who was talking to
me I'm just saying talk softer whisper I
think we I think we get confused at
night I think when we're sleeping Oh
totally
but Bonnie makes fun of us all the time
she's like you guys are crazy
sleepers how do we even know who started
the conversation I doesn't know but yeah
then what savings time is throwing us
for a loop but speaking of daylight
savings time as you guys are probably
watching this if you are an early Ellie
and Jared viewer the Jackson joint your
checks enjoy your blankets sorry I'm an
orphan
go you're good sorry I poked a note for
the Apple watch is going on probably
right now he's it's so cute he can fit
under there
Jackson I just need you say that's funny
sorry I'm extra excited for this they I
know they want to watch
Jackson more than they want to hear me
so I want to get both of you in there um
there if the keynotes going to be going
on right now and I'm gonna ask who of
you guys are going to order or pre-order
or get the
watch because I know that's all Ellie
has been talking about for the past
three weeks is the rose gold Apple watch
and I don't know how much it is well the
thing I don't think I just a dream we've
been saving for things like this like we
have a budget set a sign like we do the
envelope system like Dave Ramsey like we
have a set-aside thing for things that
we want to buy and maybe I want to buy
Elliott Apple watch I don't know you
would want to buy it for me course I
would because you know why we'll see
we'll see how much it is if I get one
for you I have to no way we can
communicate and we can synchronize our
watches and Scotty beam me up boom I got
gear to watch a few years ago for pebble
was it was the pebble and it was kind of
like the idea of an Apple watch but it
was like a smart kind of a first go at
it though it was you can't text on it
you can't write it was the number one
successful Kickstarter except until they
just did it again I think they've
already beat him but it was my buddy
work for pebble it's their sweet
smartwatches but we have an iPhone so
you know the Apple watch will probably
work a little bit but when I got it for
Jared I was like I would actually like
this this is so cool so I'm excited to
watch the keynote tomorrow with you and
I'm excited that you're excited because
that makes it so much more fun when
we're sitting down together enjoying an
activity together but I need you to like
I have you literally have um but yeah
let me know below and also let me know
how daylight savings time has affected
you guys have you guys spring forward
very well or not well guys that's that's
pretty much the vlog today I hope you
guys have a wonderful week um it's
you're watching this on Monday which is
the fun day heck yeah stay tuned because
we're doing the name reveal on Ellie's
channel subscribe to it star you guys
can get notified on Ellie's channel
because that's where the name reveal is
going to be it's gonna be on Tuesday
probably like 11 9 9 between 9:00 and
11:00 a.m. probably that is if I can get
it all edited that's kind of what I'm
you know there's lots of there's going
to be effects
yeah I'm gonna work on the effects
tonight but okay Jack's gonna be in
video telling me he's ready for bed he
has this like it rubbed against his nose
he crawled up here ready for me to rock
him uh-huh
we're all he needs his milk a song and
then turn the lights out yeah totally he
is like ready for all right well thanks
guys everyone say good night to Jackson
and Ellie and we'll see you guys
tomorrow bye
