well when I go to park in a parking lot
I definitely don't park next to the big
beastly truck because I'm assuming
they're kids'll what arrow your get on
arrow
I guess it up part next I I was making a
joke and it wasn't funny so I am very
very picky on who I park my straddle on
people
hey in my car they're both friends we're
matching shoes bursting ha matching
shoes
yah we are red red van okay I'm gonna
get Jackson
you excited to see your cousin yes I was
about Bonnie invited me to the mall
because we gotta go get a couple
presents because we have some family
members having babies and I was like I
can't go Jackson's asleep and then
Jackson woke up right then and I was
like see he will let his cousin's so
let's go you excited they act like they
don't see each other for like all this
time but it's like we saw you yesterday
laughing he is so laughing he loves this
I was like John go see Boston I swear he
knows what I'm saying oh no for us you
guys she found the button that works too
all right forget it
they were being polite you look cool
here leave a mine ah whoa those are cool
whoo I am the happiest girl the world my
favorite store is like Sephora or Ulta
my next favorite store this bath and
Bodyworks and they have got their spring
candles out and it smells so yummy we
just got some gifts for some family
members with their babies and me and
Bonnie oh you do the happy dance it's so
fun everyone's like big pregnant girls
doing huh I'm going to get me a nice
screen handle so something that's been
going on and our family that has wild I
haven't talked much about I've talked a
little bit about my wonderful aunt Sonia
she's not doing very well and my mom is
visiting her right
she just had an operation she has some
cancer and she just has not been doing
well with the operation and so my mom
just texted us and said she said we're
having a fun morning she's in the ICU
and I believe they're getting the
infection result because she's eating a
milkshake right now and my aunt hasn't
been talking very much because she's
been in so much pain because she's been
in so much pain and so my mom says the
texting said if you want to send me a
text message I'll read them to her and
so me and Bonnie been sitting here tears
in her eyes we took a picture to send to
my aunt Sonia and we wrote a little note
and I told her I said hi aunt Sonia I'm
shopping at Bonnie trying to get a nice
summer candle for the house you've been
the focus of conversation and prayer I
love you so much
so I hope that my aunt gets used and I'm
really grateful that my mom is going to
read her a nice uplifting message but
it's definitely been on our minds a lot
the past couple days and I didn't know
whether to like vlog it or not but I
yeah why not so any extra prayers are
always needed and always appreciated so
Jeff so Jackson has this little
hippopotamus thing that he someone sent
us and every time it makes a specific
sound he laughs hysterically so let's
see if we can get him to do it
is that funny
I did not meet different noises I wanted
okay let's do this bad thing is is that
one any laughs every time red red Oh
why's it so muddy comes at you Jared oh
he like scrolls through to find it push
again push it
oh I love that isn't that the funniest
thing ever
you're just the cutest Oh Oh
so while Ellie was out and about with
Bonnie and all the little kids she ran
into a blow-up funhouse and just down
the street so I think that's what we're
gonna do we all had lunch everyone took
a little nap so now we're gonna go
wrangle up all the kids and we're gonna
go have some fun in the bounce house I
think that's gonna be a lot of fun I
think is gonna be a lot of fun
hold on he's dancin he's dancin he
danced oh yeah you show him your moves
buddy you show him your moves okay tell
me the story okay so we developed we
went to a while ago that Jackson like
hated we were at the mall today and all
Bonnie's kid saw it and like we want to
go we want to go but it cost money and
Bonnie said not today when dad's off
work maybe we can all go as a family and
on my way home I saw a blue house and I
was like a freaking house out there like
you can get a hot dog and go have the
kids plate the bloom thing I was like
Bonnie do you want to go there joint
your kids to go there so we're all going
to go and they can play for free at the
little balloon thing and we'll grab some
dinner sounds like a plan
oh my gosh I'm in heaven world's best
corndogs ganache
we just got here to the low bounce house
and it's like a little festival thing
there's a bunch of different booths and
then there it is a bounce house
I used to be really good by the belly
yeah Olivia show us how it's done okay
let me show you yeah
Jack
you're not impressed you can see the toy
house shoes are coming off the party has
begun hey Olivia and the kids are gone
Jax are you excited Jackson you ready
bud yeah
Olivia's up there and she's waiting on
Cody she's like don't worry Cody I'll
wait for you that's so sweet
Jared you're letting people go in front
of you well kick the kids away hey Manny
push the pigs over I'm not married to
respond but James your turn so go okay
Jared a Jackson are on their way it's
Jackson and Jared's turn ready one two
three
he's not excited he doesn't look excited
he didn't look very excited when he was
out there he was just like awkward like
I don't know if I should enjoy this or
not goodbye Ellie is such a trooper and
Jared is such a good uncle to be holding
Boston for me all right guys ready
wait I'll do a magic trick
Boston's inching his way back this is
this is too big of a of a kid place yeah
his mind is big but this is a body's
little he didn't like that oh good job
spin the wheel come on big money big
money big money big money ten day oh you
know what le what I want it for you Oh
duh duh duh Jackson's favorite Jack's
you want dumb dumb cake I spin it let's
spin spin from the bodega hello big
money big money big money big money big
money
it is so warm today all next week is
supposed to be in the sixties I think
it's crazy with this this
I feel very rejuvenated being outside
with like the Sun actually being more
it's really fun to be here Jack Jerry's
trying to get a picture with the world's
best cook and our world's best corn dog
right right Reiner I told Barney
I'll watch up I just got you did tonight
yes heystop great chick-fil-a sandwich
in a little goodie bag the banya
standing over here being all adult like
watching the kids but she's she's so
response should watch her kids but then
I said no leave the kids I'll watch him
go dad Cheri Keaney you even set the
rule yourself if your kid has a snack
yah yah able to trio 50% of that snack
it's true that it's your duty it is your
responsibility if there's not even the
moms pair it with the dad the dad
especially so Jackson next time we go
get milkshakes or something I'm getting
half next time we go to the steakhouse
I'm getting half next time we go to Best
Buy I'm getting half Oh
he keeps I in the bounce house but he
cries every time we go in so I've not
taken him any dance-off well guys this
is what it looks like this is what Ellie
and I have going on tonight boom right
here we're twitching it up we've got our
microphone we've got the computer we've
got the capture card and we've got Super
Mario that is right we're gonna be
playing Super Mario tonight and we're
really excited we're streaming on Twitch
and cross your fingers that everything
goes smoothly because this is like the
first time that we'll be doing it
legitimately but yeah that's what we're
doing tonight so we're gonna go ahead
and end the vlog but I wanted to say
this real quick we hit our goal on
teespring
I cannot believe it we hit it in two
days thank you thank you it's just so
fun seeing your Twitter oh my gosh I
cannot wait to see them on you guys I am
so excited there are still 11 days so
just because we hit our goal that
doesn't mean you can't get them we still
have 11 days for you guys to get these
t-shirts and hoodies so if you guys want
to get one do it totally it would make
our day and what I would love more than
anything in the world this would be like
the coolest thing is if someone is
wearing an Ellie and Jared t-shirt and
they're walking just down the street or
they're at the mall and someone says hey
that's an Ellie njord shirt I watch them
do or I have one of those too I would
love that more than anything so if
that's the reason why you get a shirt
then gosh darnit get a shirt hahaha
do you have anything to say to these
guys um just other I'm not
all kind of weird I just put that like
emotional thing into the vlog today but
I got a serious now like if you guys
want to send like a thoughtful message
to my aunt down below maybe my mom will
read or some of the comments so if you
guys want I think that would uplift your
spirits a lot definitely definitely and
it's you know it's hard this is a hard
situation and positive reinforcement
helps it totally does it makes people
feel better you make us feel better
every single day that we read the
comments and I know the same thing will
happen with Ellie's aunt so thank you
guys so much
have a wonderful day you are awesome bye
member
