go get him cookie dude he wins
the best advice I ever got when I had
Jackson was sleep when the baby sleeps
you need to rest you need to replenish
and I am taking that into consideration
now that I am pregnant again I've been
doing this often I cannot keep my eyes
open I am so exhausted so Jackson is
taking a nap mommy's taking a nap
babycakes is taking a nap and Jared are
you gonna sing me to sleep let me know
what your favorite song is Oh weekend
Jared is just gonna record a song he's
helping out his brother with something
so we will see you in t-minus 45 minutes
well hey there look at you looking all
snazzy with your vest on Marty McFly oh
you know what that just reminded me of
Marty McFly so today is the year I think
it's October 26 2015 is the date that
Marty McFly and the doc go back to the
future for the first time so I don't
know how you go back to the future but
you're going to the future that first
time there was 2015 yeah and I I want to
say was October 26 so mark your
calendars ladies and gentlemen we're
gonna have hoverboards there's gonna be
giant sharks it's gonna happen kay
we just an all need to get a DeLorean
and go 88 miles per hour with our flux
capacitor and down the street okay and
then you two can go back to the future
which is just like six months away from
now why I just don't even know what to
say the card is right here and the card
is outside of the cards it was right
here boy step out of the way step out of
the way
it's gonna do just a little bit better
today you're gonna ram into the cars
around it because you're so timid but
your card away it's not that hard
we'll use it um just go really fast
Jackson's like mom just getting me out
of the car didn't give me yet did you
guy if I do this I get it
oh my gosh did it good job I am already
so outnumbered I am so outnumbered here
we are again both her eyes are set they
are set Jackson won't give me the time
of day I'm trying to give him a kiss
he's like slapped my face away we're
watching big he is just he wants nothing
to do with me
you boys goodbye you know I'm I'm the
mom I make dinner pick up the house
change your diaper jacks and there's
bigger TVs over here you guys are so
mean to me goodbye I'm sorry okay
Jackson let's let's know your mom Judy
Jarrod dragged me into Walmart because I
better go pick up some items for baby
though Baby Cakes name really okay
here's here's what I want to say we have
a couple items to picked up Natalie said
on her channel though the video is gonna
go up on Tuesday on her channel I have a
link down below to Ellie's channel you
need to go subscribe to it so on Tuesday
morning you can watch that okay yeah I'm
excited we are now a hundred percent and
my next video is going to be the baby
named reveal so we're just picking up
some items the first item on the list is
mini whoppers Robin and eggs
no those are just for me not for you
guys he is dancing to the music Jackson
hey dancing dancing to the music
that's adorable
she was slow he wants to do it more get
patty cake patty cake Baker's guess what
we just went to the local swimming pool
place and I asked them all about Mommy
and Me swimming classes I thought it
would be something fun for me and Jack
well it's something I've always wanted
to do but never I've just looked into it
but I thought it would be something fun
for me and Jackson to do before little
brother comes and I just got a whole
bunch information and I've been texting
Jenica because I think maybe her know I
may do it as well so maybe we can get
the times coordinated we can alter his
swimming class together but anyway I
think maybe in April I'm gonna start it
and me and Jack hey hey he's getting
into all his boxes does for baby brother
but yeah I think me and Jackson are
going to do a little Mommy and Me class
and Jer to he can go and become switched
off it's like twice a week or I can
choose once a week but if I do once a
week it's just Jackson and the
instructor but I think it would be fun
for me to do it with him so we're gonna
swim do you want to go swim in Jackson
he doesn't care we don't need to go
swimming I don't need to do anything
he's happy to just be in home playing
with boxes Jackson always tries and gets
his blanket out are you gonna kind of
little is it you love that no you heard
dad come out hi you just heard dad come
out he jumped up all done with work it's
me yeah
work me I'm done with my work it's me
it's me it smells nice poopy diapers I'm
once no diaper it's Jackson
it's Jackson ha ha ha I put I posted on
Twitter yesterday I said let's get it
straight
I'm the stinky one in the relationship
so true
he just pulled that out and snuggled a
he pulled it out and I can keep down to
a hiding spot
he's got fine I love this I love that he
drugged his blanket over and he's just
reading behind the rocking chair that is
so cute to me
found a good book yeah Jackson do you
want to see your best friend
let's see ollie say hi new face time in
a lady hi say hi bud you both get to be
big brothers yes they are
ollie ha I saw you hold those flowers
today those were so cool he's like no
you shown him your trees what are you
doing what are you doing he's been doing
this for like the past 15 minutes every
so often I'll just like I'm gonna get on
my head Oh kid you make me laugh Jackson
makes me laugh but it's time to go to
bed as much as I want him up hanging out
with us I'm just as tired - holy cow
okay come say goodnight to everyone
wants for watching this is what I'm
doing right now you guys probably want
to look at Jackson but I'm gonna tell
you anyway because I have an important
story
tell us your story we're trying because
I want Ellie to do like screaming he
said to give I love him
so I want a leads to start playing more
games with me and that's why we got the
Wii U a long time ago so she'd play but
now we want her to stream games with me
and you know Just Dance is fun but she
wants to play like Mario and stuff so I
got this Patrick part and I'm trying to
figure out how to get the capture card
to do everything that I wanted to do but
it's difficult and it's hard and that's
why I'm doing I'm looking up on YouTube
YouTube it always did YouTube it yeah
that's what I'm doing my job
everything that's what I'm doing so we
can provide you with some excellent
streams on twitch TV now slash turn
twitch.tv slash Jared Miko take that one
back well I think that's that's our
night either you guys are gonna see us
playing live tonight or if it doesn't
work maybe if it does yeah if it does
work we're gonna try and stream Saturday
night so the night that your walk
probably watching this we're gonna try
and stream so links down below twitch.tv
slash Jared make them it'll probably be
around 7:30 8:00 right so for us
tomorrow yeah tomorrow
oh yeah so tonight and tomorrow well if
it I don't know if it'll work tonight
okay that's thing hopefully I'll have it
working by tomorrow around 7 or 8
o'clock
Mountain Standard Time okay follow me on
Twitter because I don't know I'm gonna
work out okay yeah we'll see I am like
already out of the loop okay guys thanks
for watching we will see you tomorrow
goodbye kisses whoa kisses kinky kisses
kisses you want a hug brother hug
brother kiss brother
no kiss mama
