look what brothers
we got we got a knob early early in the
morning on the door what is that I know
they're downstairs that was the me not
just the babies but yeah girl - he's
Ellie wanted matching pairs oh she got
she gets
we're selling Jackson's crib today and
Jackson get a new one the Natchez little
brothers
let's go let's go set the crib let's go
set it up right now and let's go set it
up opening badoo badoo badoo
hey didn't a ddddd these cribs don't
look very heavy but I tell you what when
they're packed up at the box like this
they're pretty happy yeah the truth so
we got it up here we're gonna set one up
right now Jackson I just put it in here
because I thought it was funny I started
bouncing him on the mattress first thing
he does he grabs his blinkin like puts
it up to his face and she's like how
long he just wants to hold his blanket
you go watch dad set up little brother's
crib yeah sorry excuse me why I just
been over oh my god you got some major
plumbers crack and I have that pocket
knife first rule a pocket knifes both
circle say one of my blood circle George
oh no George it was an accident I
promise I'm sorry here we'll just try
this took time just trying to get real
quick
guys I want to give a huge
congratulations to our best friends
Brian Missy oli
and their little baby cakes they just
announced that they were pregnant and I
am emotional watching their footage of
their reaction and I also am reflecting
back on Jared and I are coming up on one
year one year of daily vlogs and we
haven't missed a day and you weren't
full time and full time YouTube most of
that time yeah I'm really proud of you
thanks we've got a few more months but
it's oh it's you know just like last
night oh my gosh I'm gonna start tearing
up now
it just makes me grateful for the
moments that we have been able to vlog I
watched my grandpa's tribute video that
I made yesterday there was just like so
special to me that we were able to go
back and look at that and just all of
the wife events that we have recorded
and documented it's just like yeah we're
doing this and we're and like I'm
grateful for it like we're reminded
often that this is the best decision
we've ever made yeah it was it was what
it was it was the hardest decision that
we had to make there were so many
factors we had to put into it but this
is the best decision Jared and I have
ever made for our family and it's so fun
seeing Brian and Missy's video of their
pregnancy announcement and it makes me
grateful for us that we are best friends
with them it makes me grateful that we
have our own family history that we have
a little piece of every day is setting
up a crib the most ideal theme to look
back on know but the little moments of
Jackson playing in the crib is in the
little moments like the little moments
in the day it's just so nice to captured
yeah if our little moment
and like this thanks Brad Paisley
here it comes are you ready uh-huh
oh it's bungee-jumping Oh mom Jackson I
won't you say hi to your brother
say hi to your brother bud say hi hi hi
Jackson say hi hi baby brother
yeah he's my brother kiss kiss
I kiss oh that was the sweetest thing
ever
hey like he like rarely gives kisses
anymore say hi to your brother no you be
nice to your brother look that was so
cute
that was amazing yeah I told him to do
it this morning and he was just like but
he told him all my captain hey hi oh
he's like hiking oh that's so cute good
shall we you realize that my realize
that might be the nicest they are to
each other
yes today is March 6 okay and in about
three months Rheem unexamined be a baby
in our house in three months yes three
points but I say not that it's two
months bet this is Ely's logic here Rick
I'm just gonna point it out there this
is Ellie's way of thinking okay go ahead
please begin
well if Christmas is in December then
June 25th is six months so pretty much
as Christmas is how my logic what I'm
saying is is the last four weeks before
the baby comes is kind of when I have
Justin going to be like I want to be
home I don't want to do many vacations
or traveler you know it's like it's kind
of like nesting mode and the two months
or months after he's born I do I feel
like I did the same thing like with Jax
and I was like I just this is how I am
kind of a homebody anyway so really
I've got two months that I want to plan
for the baby and then the last month
everything she's done she'd be able to
realize so pretty much the baby comes in
two months was what she's about to say
can you get baby brother ik hug can you
hug him oh you love baby brother oh my
gosh you let baby brother that is so
cute
I just went standing here jack he is
love it oh that baby brother oh say hi
again oh so sweet
I want that we do this recapture did
just meet Romo of you and brother I want
to see if this is real life or if is
just a fluke okay oh okay
you want to meet your baby you want to
meet your baby brother huh do you want
to meet your baby brother Jackson to
meet your baby brother he's right no
yeah I was just thinking I was like I
wonder if he like can she fail some if
he feels like other intuition look
Jackson where does this thing go av
brother or do you think it's a baby
brother
oh no he feels no oh my gosh that's
sweet that is very sweet
okay baby brother your altar brother
loves you and you know it so I don't
want to hear you complainin uh-huh do
you guys want to me baby baby no my baby
brother are you excited to go he is you
know he's fighting right to the park
that is so funny like give me Eddie you
want to go play wanna go swing where
could you go look at his face well guys
so excited his nose is all red it's
actually not too bad out here feels
really good
- smiling huh yeah he's nest Gustav
looking at you oh hi look one with his
hat looks like he was a little a coon
whoa he loves the swing and pretty girl
alrighty Jackson is done with the swings
now on to the big boy things hey that
rhymed Oh me I don't know if I can fit
through this kale or I can body put your
arms up in the sky I think you just
don't care again when to hold jobs a d1
dothey sure okay are you going solo what
do you think was it gonna fly my foot
oh I'm done okay climb up
that's determination right there look at
him go you can do it you can do it I got
you good good yeah
can you go down with mom mama let's go
down the slide Oh his squeeze in there
mom mommy a brother ready wife too sure
whoo good job hi oh she got him
hi Jax she's in kindergarten expert she
can hold a day I'm sorry I didn't even
know you're a kindergarten that's
amazing Oh George Arkin I am pissed darn
it I'm so quiet so good Oh star jars
yeah she's excited thanks for inviting
us to dinner tonight
Jackson Lee Kim Jackson come downstairs
yes I think I think you guys can go play
Woollett we'll go get all the toys out
well guys it's that time of the night
that we are going to end the vlog and
say goodbye this is what I'm looking
forward to I have my water a tree and a
butterball because I am gonna take a
bubble bath are you to ending the vlog
right now with homie I was gonna talk
about you your windows all right I'll
leave believe watch only watching hmm no
come here come here I'll tell you and
then I was gonna say I am going to take
a bath and I'm going to relax and use my
bath bomb and Jared is or was an office
working and you know this is the best
job and Jared's dad was able to support
his family growing up and be home he
worked from
he worked many hours from home he works
more hours than anyone else I go on well
job yeah he wakes up again he wakes up
at like 5 or 6 in the morning and he
works until like midnight to 2:00 a.m.
every single day and it's a lot it you
know every job is different every job is
hard work every job is hard work and I'm
really proud and happy that Jared can
support his family can be home with us
can help me out and he does a lot of
work behind the camera I'm really really
grateful and I'm grateful that I have a
big bathtub and that you let me go
shopping so that I could have a bath
bomb that's going to make me as a
pregnant mommy feel better so thank you
well you're so welcome but don't forget
to include yourself because you're half
of the party girl oh god you're pretty
okay Ellie put the heart in party what
but actually if Ellie if it was Ellie
would probably be PFA rty that way I
could say Ellie puts the fart in party
oh my god you be stinky okay enough cold
enough cold for the pregnancy yes sure I
think I don't care anyone on a garland I
just wanna say thank you you see you're
amazing by knocking home Anna ketose
ketose spicy Fritos
