wait wait wait wait you're leaving me
Ellie you're leaving me and you're
taking Jackson well I've got Sam mr.
Jackson is a road you you're taking my
son and you are leaving and you're
leaving me why are you leaving me oh
you'll be back but you know what we
haven't loved each other like we haven't
done our own scene I don't think in a
long time I don't think we've been away
from each other for more than 24 hours
have we no yeah when I work when I went
to training for work other than that we
haven't really been away from each other
but now you're leaving well why are you
leaving me they're going shopping in a
different city with Miss Ellie and
Bonnie are driving all the way down just
like City Utah and they're gonna go
shopping today that's what they're gonna
do is they're gonna go shopping today
and they're taking this little guy with
them I'm kind of excited because this is
gonna be a fun day for you you're gonna
have a fun-filled day doing the things
that you'd love to do with the person
that you love most Bonnie
eat this banana
don't talk too loud the baby's asleep
super super grateful for it because I
did not feel up to driving the truck
today I'm driving we are halfway to our
destination
Jackson's asleep
and you are not the shoes are often so
Ellie today is spending the entire day
with her sister in Salt Lake City Utah
as sure that's what she's doing they're
having a fun girls day and so I thought
it'd be fun since I had the whole place
to myself it's just me here in the house
to throw it back let's go old school
let's throw it back and initiate
bachelor mode so we just got here to
Salt Lake City and guess who I ran into
or guessed you ran up to us
Zoe is that right Zoe Zoe just glad to
be a Bonnie down and she's like wait
wait Ellie Ellie Ellie I'm like book and
X I'm starving something to go for
saying hi Jared would be really sad if
we didn't vlog and say I want to repeat
a people think it was so good running
into you
Nozomi yeah hi say hi oh my gosh oh my
gosh Jackson Jackson
there's George's cousins look at them
look George's cousin when George's
cousin to look he's even pointing out
him is so funny what do you think you're
not lying
what are you thinking that lion we're
scary I know this is a wake you sir I
just walked by and I was like oh they
actually look like little girls ah yes
the glory days of bachelor mode weren't
they all great actually what I'm gonna
do today is I'm actually gonna spend the
time and I want to tidy up and I want to
clean up and I want to make sure the
house looks and feels nice for when
Ellie gets home it might not be the most
enjoyable thing in the world but it'll
make me feel good because I know it will
make her feel good and that's what I'm
all about I really want to make Ellie
happy so I'm gonna clean up and tidy up
this place well guys I think
just about to wrap our day up you're
just on the sunshine with the waterfall
behind us Jackson and little buster
Rooney have been best friends all day
Bonnie what have we got in Avon anything
mostly we bought that bunch of lash oh
you're the one with the love I don't
want to tell you guys know I am I went
to Sephora and just picked up a bunch of
my face product stuff that I am meeting
and I have come to realize I think Jared
needs to get a new face book look I
guess if he really likes it but yeah I
just got some skin care stuff but we're
on our last store of the day the more
destrun map I wanted to take a quick
second talk to you guys a little bit
more about the teespring campaign I'm
really excited about it and so far it's
been really really cool if you guys go
to teespring comm slash Ellie and Jared
you'll see this page where you can
select different colors of shirts you
can even chip you can even choose a
hoodie with a few different colors as
well now the interesting thing about
teespring is that you only have a
certain amount of time to fulfill it
right now we have 14 days to reach our
goal so check out the link down below
I'm really excited about this guy's the
material is fantastic it's really great
quality you guys are gonna love it
and it's exclusive it's a limited time
thing so we're not gonna have these
forever but look at that honey I think
it's me that's a really cool navy blue
and we've got 14 days 6 hours 6 minutes
and 26 seconds 25 seconds as of
recording this so check it out I'll have
a link down below thank you guys again
who've already got some shirts I cannot
wait to see you guys in these shirts I
cannot wait to see me in these shirts
and Ellie in these shirts it's gonna be
a lot of fun we are ending up our trip
and guess where the candy
stores we are finishing off going home
we have to have a little chocolate and
we got to have little drink Bazaar
drives active like an hour half an hour
so we have our chocolate you've got a
drink
we've got happy babies eaten up dude we
miss dad well I got all my chores done I
did everything that I needed to do and I
actually initiated bachelor mode and I
played on Twitch for a little while I
stream the game on twitch and that was a
lot of fun but Ellie should be here any
minute and I'm excited because I
honestly like miss her in Jackson she's
only been gone for like four hours but
I'm just like sitting here by myself
like hmm I miss my wife if I want a
green kiss her
at last at last we are reunited it's
only been what five hours I in the last
clip I was just like I really miss them
you don't know what I know well I told
Bonnie I said I appreciate Jared more
going like because like usually you put
the stroller and for me like you drive
like I don't have to worry about driving
so I missed you
for more reasons than that I'm gonna
take care of each other it's we do and I
most of all miss this guy here are you
gonna crawl with your head in the ground
again he's like a little ostrich can you
do that come on come here
let's do it he's like no I'll just put
my head down and barrel through you can
do it
bye-bye
set go you can do it but I believe
hashtag I believe in Jackson he's like
I'm not even gonna try sir are you ready
say well it's good thing he's got that
padded diaper on top up here let me show
you how it's really oh it takes it takes
a dad hey
come on Jackson please it's a dad first
release your rule of walking make sure
your your socks I'm nice and tight okay
second rule
Cygnet really yet to have a cookie in
your hand second rule ready Jackson
ready buddy like doesn't even want to
hey let's start walking let's start
walking
can you come I know I know
dad you need a healthy okay
no okay the idea you've got the idea now
let's go no he wants me to teach him she
might you needd Jim he's a Jackson
available can I please speak with
Jackson Jackson hello he did say hi and
say hi hi
he was totally using that as a phone
grandma you there
say hi bye he totally is pretending that
the phone say hi grandma
say hi hi grandpa hey grandma hey
grandpa we missed you we're gonna come
see you we'll come see you soon see you
soon why should we go visit oh ask him
when they want us Oh next week new
dances you dancing he likes your sign
this is about you milk not getting a dog
dogs we've been waiting here for you
hoping that you'll be in soon praying
you will come along oh I can't wait do
you remember right in this yeah some
people have been tweeting Jared about
this song that he wrote we have a video
right after Jackson was born it was a
pregnancy collage video and it was this
song that Jared wrote about Jackson when
we were trying to conceive so it's a
long video go so we'll have that link
down below if you guys want to watch it
but Jackson was dancing to it oh you ice
and fruit let me give it to you the guys
I think that's our vlog for the day
Jared and I it feels good to be home yes
it was fun to go play with Bonnie
dude you're just so hungry you want some
food those strawberries are so tenacious
want to put them in your mouth you want
to eat them so good yeah
bigger here girlie here oh my goodness
but I think he's not for watching like
always we'll see you tomorrow
who a man not now that woman a ketose
