good morning guys it's a beautiful day
and we have some snow on the ground yes
that's true it's snowed last night and
you know what happens when there's snow
on the ground Ellie it means our furnace
is not broke really we are gonna go
outside and play in it Jackson are you
ready to go play in the snow huh yeah
are you ready to go play in the snow
or are you ready to go see grandma
grandpa oh say hi grandma grandpa
all right let's get bundled up cuz we're
going outside
okay buddy are you ready for this are
you ready bud look the last time if we
can't even enjoy he's just going right
into it last time we'd look busy you
like that buddy he didn't really move at
all trying to grab this snow Jesse go
over here okay I snowball do I spell huh
oh this is good packing snow look at
that that's a good snowball mama
that's good packing snow if it's not
more we were totally like build a
snowman he's trying to crush it I'll
build you a few big ones so in your
colleague but that's so fun he loves it
ah don't get it badly get it he's doing
so good
especially considering last time Oh
Ellie this is so great yeah is like all
this space to go go get daddy go get him
oh no he's going to yell
Jackson one thing I need to prepare you
for is when you're in school there might
be a time where someone like wash it
gives you I was just kidding I wouldn't
do or maybe what we should do is we
should teach him how to do it for when
the new baby comes
yeah you and little brother will give
each other white washes here in the year
- that's what my brother's been to me I
never did it back because I was just
telling ya you're the youngest so just
two little oh you just got his face look
just gonna understand I love that you
just like Jackson look he totally here
help you
Jack's a kid here well he just got out
his face again
hmm he's like it's called Jackson you
just get daddy a whitewash I love this
hey Jackson look daddy got you a big ol
snowball and guess what
Damon Brown good job I got you another
one go ahead babycakes aim low Jared
hello hello Jerry he can't find Kate
what with me from you're gonna hit it
gotcha
Jax is loving the snow bro it feels good
to get outside we haven't been outside
to play in a while because I don't know
it's nice when the snows cuz then you
can give your reason to play yeah
this is all fresh snow when we came
outside can we just and we literally hit
Layton and we have all that fresh snow
too to go so we got all this fresh snow
see he's laughing uh-oh it has to be
tired oh yeah he's got an extra like
four inches to crawl through just make
sure it's not yellow and this is the
aftermath of always being outside in the
cold and snow you have a whole bunch of
clothes on the ground and you have snot
running down your nose and rosy cheeks
but you get a cookie yes he had so much
fun I had so much fun
oh my zipper was down the whole time oh
oh it's pretty rare nowadays that
Jackson will let Ellie rock him to sleep
but I just walked in and I wanted to
show you something here real quick so
let's go upstairs
isn't that just the cutest thing you
ever did see oh so precious Jackson is
so tuckered out I can't believe that he
skipped his first nap he's just wanna go
to sleep he is so tired though so it
Ellie is rocking him to sleep and he's
finally drifting off to the land of
counting sheep
you girls want to see something funny um
I have a winged eyeliner on this eye and
not a winged eyeliner on that side
because when we're outside in the snow
my eyes were kind of uh like dripping
and I kept doing this and I ended up
wiping my winged eyeliner off
do you think that guys wouldn't think
that was funny yeah I thought it was
hilarious it was really funny our
children his laughing but it isn't that
funny I'm gonna have to go put my winged
eyeliner on you're a one winged angel
and this was the good one too I think
they both look good thanks guess what
today is
it's national eye hot day oh I hope John
doesn't don't the knife nulls go eye
hopping quite a bit is that me yes yes
every time we hear I hope arise with the
knife dolls but today's national eye hot
day so we can go and get free pancakes
for dinner but then I thought it's
probably gonna be really busy you
probably has a way in life like it okay
do in line and I thought we have pancake
stuff at home so let's just go get a
bunch of fruit and have pancakes for
dinner and I'll make cons for dinner so
I got a bunch of strawberries got some
bananas corn dogs cold dogs corn dogs
they are so good for me what's that what
is that we go up to here and Jackson
goes how does he know that that's fun
cuz it just looks amazing
cuz you know that looks like fun can you
bet oh that looks like fun
I want to go play with that
No let'em hold onto the bar let us see
if he'll grab on to that can you hold on
whoa hey you know what where we go to
Grandma grandpa's house when we go visit
we'll go swing with their their place
stood outside E&J even jqj Piaget where
we have an announcement ladies and
gentlemen we have an announcement get
your ears ready because the announcement
is coming your way right no yay I'm so
excited I am so excited
Ellie and I just now as you're watching
this video right now this very second
launched a teespring campaign now what
that means is we have brand new shirts
and brown brown brown honey
brand new hoodies hoodies and t-shirts
but we're really excited we have shirts
we talked about shirts like my year
almost a year ago and and that was
really fun to do I like the drafts I
like the hearts it was really fun the
only thing I didn't love about it was
when we had done it on our end we had to
choose the cheapest portion for us and
it was just a cotton shirt but the
material is so much better the material
of these shirts and hoodies is amazing
so how to spring works is if they send
them out in chunks so once we reach 100
shirts that's when they're going to send
all of you guys who've ordered a shirt
assured they don't just it's not just
that you buy it and they ship it to you
they do it they do in chunk so we have
it set to 100 once we reach 100 then
they ship out the church but I'm super
excited because the design is is for
everyone it's timeless it's simple
Ellie can wear
I can wear you can wear your mom can
wear your babies can wear it well the
shirt might not fit your baby's butt
anyway
it's a super simple design it's
something that you guys know it's Ellie
and Jared through and through I'm really
excited for you guys there's a link down
below check it out teespring comm slash
Ellie and Jared get your shirt and
hoodie today I don't even have a hoodie
so you ding their feet get on that
website getting yet and there you have
it ladies and gentlemen boys and girls
breakfast for dinner oh look at this is
how you do national pancake our national
IHOP date
yes you can International House of
Pancakes at Ellie and Jared's place
that's what it is I wish you guys are
gonna eat oh please come over to our
house and have pancakes with us it's an
open invitation
yeah you guys I think that is our vlog
for the day we do daily videos and this
is what we did today
YUM the smell made some dinner so thanks
for watching yeah we do appreciate it
and sometimes this is just what happens
you know we do we film what we do that
day and we record it and we hope it is
fun for you guys so thank you for being
a part of it again I don't want to sound
like a broken record but go check out
the link down below it is tea screen
it's teespring comm slash Ellie and
Jared to check out the new shirts and
hoodies I'm really excited I mostly am
excited because they are so comfy like
the shirts are so good like a tribe
Tyler's his feel yeah and the post life
t-shirts is that feel it's just a lot of
other people have the same friend or
same type I'm just excited cuz yeah
really yeah it's a cotton polyblend I'm
really excited but again thank you guys
so much I'll have the link down below
have a wonderful day and eat more
pancakes
oh yeah
