good morning guys I think it's official
our furnace is broken
we had another very very cold night but
we were prepared we had extra blankets
and everything and Jackson actually did
a lot better he woke up a few times but
he didn't wake up for a long time just
went in like put his binky back in and
everything but it is still very cold in
our house and these arms have goose
bumps all over them so I am grabbing her
coat and I am bringing it to her so
she's not very cold and we are sitting
down as a family and we are having lunch
Ellie yeah I would like to bring this to
you know I could put it all off some
potatoes could you do one on two hours
thank you Jackson Rd has a very nice
warm sweater on it's cold and I have
been running around all day so I am
actually not doing too bad myself I'm
quite warm but we've got some mashed
potatoes we've got some ham and bread
and zucchini and it was actually really
good the last time we had this meal we
made the zucchini and it was super super
mushy and soft but this time it's a lot
better and it tastes really good no it's
okay it's good so I have a question guys
do you guys want some potato with your
ranch I'm probably the most unhealthy
potato eater in the world i smother my
potatoes with ranch because that's like
the only way i can eat it if you're new
you probably don't know I hated potatoes
I threw up when I ain't potatoes I would
eat french fries but baked potatoes
mashed potatoes funeral potatoes you
know all of those potatoes I hated until
I went to Finland in Finland you changed
my heart thank you for making me a
better man I can eat potatoes if I
smother them with ranch
yes but someone's gated look at my snack
someone's good one so I'm getting warm
I'm thinking of snacks you didn't get
one last night and I tweeted about it at
5 a.m. because we woke up at 5 a.m.
because we're all freezing
but um yeah that's like my yummy snack
Rob Jackson sleeping and was keeping me
warm here
what this this is my warm dance the
heating guys just got here because
they're gonna fix our heating think
we've been waiting for them all
afternoon
baby that's calling let's say Oh kill
him whoo whoo kill him hello Jackson oh
no he's still gonna little is he sitting
up is he trying to sit up nope he's put
lucky he's putting the blanket over his
face he was playing peek-a-boo with his
focus he does that a lot when we're
putting him to sleep as he plays
peekaboo there we go
yeah he's putting on close to his face
because he's probably cold - probably
chilly nope now we do this
I have no no no no come on all right you
can talk - no it's okay Jared wants to
press the button and see Mike Luke I am
your father
no I had now I feel bad for saying you
should feel okay next make the executive
decision of saying no thank you for
making an executive decision
we need more executive decisions
executive order how about in every
single clip today I just wear a
different outfit that way none of my
clothes really need to be in the hamper
I should wear I should change my
underwear like 10 times a day so none of
em are dirty but seriously though I've
changed my outfit 10 times today I put
on a shirt this morning and I was like
it's too tight it's too tight I gotta
get it off and it was even like stretchy
maternity stuff and then I had my outfit
on earlier I was cold I got a jacket
then I got a hoodie the hoodie is
uncomfortable and now I'm like I'm just
gonna be in my pajamas I'm not going
outside snowing right now I don't know
if you can if you can even tell but it's
just starting to snow just a little bit
but it's really cold outside our house
is finally getting heated up thank
goodness and I woke up for my daily nap
I have been taking a nap every day for
the past week jared has been really
really really really cute - let me just
take a nap but I did that with Jackson -
I think it's really important for
babycakes it's really important for me
and if Jackson's taking
I might as well sit down and rest but I
am awake I got a good 30 minutes in and
Jackson's awake now he just woke up and
you boys she doesn't care can you lay
your head down he's such a good listener
my little tiger okay let's see here how
level how square are you guys yeah oh
wait for it right perfect your level you
guys are on let's go upstairs because we
need this level because we're putting up
the map we're putting it up so you can
see it we're putting it up
Jackson Ellie are you guys ready to put
up this map yeah wait where's Jackson
playing this room uh-huh
that's okay he doesn't need to be a part
of the world hmm don't need to be a part
of this world can you guys see the snow
it's been snowing rainy all day that's
cold
it was a miserable day it's cold outside
it's just miserable what a miserable day
or it is a miserable is there different
it is a miserable day and having a
miserable day either way it's a
miserable day say it's a miserable day
are you referring to your day or the
weather
I haven't been angry but it's kind of
been a miserable day cuz it's cold
outside and it's cold
we got the year fixed up I know it's
snowing pretty good but I just heard
Ellie
exclaims some things pretty loudly from
the bathroom now she's not going to the
bathroom she's bathing Jackson and
Jackson you're having one of your very
first bubble baths huh
mmm I didn't mean from the either I just
fell on his chin like Santa Claus like
Santa Claus he likes it and I
the key knows what I'm saying I said
John take a bath and he got all excited
and ran to the tub you like balls
yeah so he was like playing with them
and everything well watch he'll put his
hand in her like pick out on them he's
like those move these bubbles up now
that there are little toys get off with
my toys trying to individually pick them
off his choice Jackson can you do it go
go do it's reading the book no big deal
take it back I just almost had a heart
attack and Ellie almost just beat me to
death you did a heart attack and you
just about and beat me to a bloody pulp
ah yeah I just deleted Ellie's video I
just deleted it and it was gone I
thought forever
I thought she had exported it and got it
uploaded and scheduled but she didn't
and I deleted all of the foot cuz what I
do is I pretty much go through almost an
entire month of videos and I can have
enough space on my desktop to have that
but it's a new month it's March 2nd
right now
and I was like okay good time to move
all of February's videos on to the
external hard drive so I did that and
then I erased all of Final Cut pros
libraries and Elly's hull that's gonna
be up right now hopefully ya got deleted
and that was me I did it and I was like
shoot Ellie did you have your video
uploaded and she's like no I was like
crap I deleted it ever like no and then
I said well then you're gonna have to
edit it because I already added it I'm
not gonna write because she spent a lot
of time I mean it was like a what a 15
minute video or something well yeah and
I did like some like b-roll stuff and so
it took me a while but thank goodness
thank you for a final cut backups
thank you final cut backups because all
I had to do was grab the footage from
the hard drive throw it onto the desktop
and relink from the backup and it just
boom it did it for me and ladies and
gentlemen you've got her video with
b-roll and everything right here ready
to rock and roll isn't that amazing
oh my gosh I am I am ecstatic thank you
for reading I am so happy so now that
this is done we actually can go watch
The Bachelor yes I'm just kidding I'm
not gonna watch The Bachelor yeah we
human Bonnie are right here and then get
put to bed okay Jackson it's time for
you to go night-night
can you say milk milk want some milk
no it's a milk oh good boy oh she's like
no I want this giraffe thing alrighty
guys from the Meachem family to you we
want to wish you a very very happy
Monday and hope you guys have a
wonderful day actually for them is
Tuesday yeah so thanks for watching guys
have a wonderful day and we'll see you
guys tomorrow bye
