good morning can you tell that Jackson's
lip serves of a purple we are also
chilled last night our heat turned off
and all of us woke up we all woke up all
right it's freezing
Jackson was cold so he kind of slept
with us and then we slept in the rocking
chair he was not happy last night but
you want to know what happened last
night when I went to check on him right
before bed I have never done this where
I grab another blanket and put over him
he's fine just with the blanket that he
has and normally he's a more warmer
pajamas but I laid a blanket over him
and now I'm now that I've woken up I'm
like without others instinct and did
something tell me to like put a blanket
over you to keep you a little extra warm
I don't know kind of interesting but we
are gonna get warmed up we're going to
church
happy Sunday everybody happy one-take
Sunday to you guys how are you doing how
was your weekend going we are having a
great weekend and I was like hell up the
stairs I every time I walk by this I
want to show you guys but I never have
the camera with me until now today I
want to show you this there is something
on our wall and it reminds me of Jackson
every time so if you look closely right
there I've never told Ellie this either
if you look right here what do you see
it looks like a giraffe you can see the
neck right there one ear the other ear
and then little mouse what are the
previous people do to this wall there
well not just this wall but like all the
walls there's lots of marks everywhere
but I guess we probably have some
similar things because of all the things
that we're going to be hanging up which
brings us to Jackson's room speaking of
hanging things up
oh speaking of making a mess and pulling
everything out look I just put three in
there how many are in there she has got
a bunch of stuff in there okay so we are
planning out Jackson's room we're gonna
hang up some blinds there are already
blinds up there but what we want to do
is when do you like the blackout ones
where you just like pull it out pull it
down pull it out pull it down the
remember them cuz they're not roman
shades either they're just the little
it's like what Brendan Missy have yeah
so Oh someone's calling oh he's fallen
Ellie hurried answer it but what we did
what I just did is I just measured this
length here and this length here and
Ellie spent probably like two hours
online today trying to find the best
shades to get and the dimensions of the
shades are 39 inches long which is kinda
pretty close came if you go off of this
thing here which the previous owner had
just right off the side of it two and
six 1/16 of an inch passed this way and
two and 1/16 inch
this way that's 39 inches from here to
here is 39 inches this right here is the
space in between the blinds look how
perfect that matches up it's like oh my
gosh one inch more and we would not have
been able to use those blinds so I'm
pretty excited who are you in the phone
okay bye what banana cream pie oh I
would never say no to banana cream pies
I didn't even see him
was that the benek banana cream pie
police on the phone yeah Bonnie called
and said they had a whole pie abandoned
pie she's like do you guys want some was
like one say though I would never say no
to banana cream pie favorite pies in
order of increasing favorite nests but a
new cream pie what French silk pie I
always wear black you interrupted my
tallest
pie list it's okay well show me your
belly show me the baby it's okay I want
to see I want to see your belly I show
me the better girl I always show my
belly
show me the better girl show me the
belly oh sorry see I interrupted your
belly showing no but you got like a
basketball turn over to the side because
with the light it's perfect I feel like
with my stomach was smaller like I was
bigger and I feel like with babycakes my
stomach's a little bigger and I feel
like I haven't done I have so much water
weight as much it's not retaining as
much water right now you have been
especially pound that especially with
all that fruit that you've done yeah how
did you end up deciding about like those
infuser bottles oh I seriously was like
there's no need to do it but after
reading a lot of your comments if I am
going to continue to drink water like I
have I will spend the 20 bucks on the
water bottle if or however much there I
think there was something like 15 but
I'll get a water bottle if I can
continue to do really well yeah a lot of
people were saying that April and Justin
TVs sell them on their website so maybe
we do bring in I don't know we'll have
to check it out so that's what we're
planning on doing is putting up some
shades over here when the new baby comes
so it's you know you can have the
blackout shades and everything yeah I've
been looking on Pinterest looking at
like you getting your designer Jean
going huh it's been fun so I'm not gonna
show but I just want to tell them about
it kay what about our room our office Oh
just showing that you know I can't do
that you can't mention drives people
crazy it drives me crazy when people
should we show them that or no Sean
talkin okay okay we've been thinking
about this and it was actually Ellie's
dad's idea and I think it's such a cool
idea and I incorporated to you guys a
lot and so it to me is just like a
little thing to make us grateful for
what we do but it's gonna go on in our
office so why don't you come on with
Molly we're gonna come in when you're
ready Jackson you can come too step into
the office so as you know this is where
my office is this is Ellie's new vanity
and everything oh sorry I thought you
already shown that I think now well I am
my hand I wanted to do like a room tour
but when you still will write everybody
pretty I mean I'm sorry they've already
seen it so I guess you can it you
can still do the room tour so it's
official but I won't show up I won't try
to show them that section of every room
over here what we want to do so this is
my desk right here and I just hung out
those ukuleles and I think they look
really nice but right above my desk
there's this big wall with nothing
they're your favorite Jackson is daddy
your favorite is daddy your favorite I
posted another vine so go check it out I
think it's really funny but there's this
blank space right here Taylor Swift on
this wall and we want to put something
there and we wanted to do something that
incorporates you guys and thanks Alex
dad for this we got this world map and
we got it framed and we've got it all
ready to go we've just kind of hang it
and what we want to do is we want to put
little marks of where all of you guys
are watching from all the countries
the seas and we want to fill this map so
for example let's let's give a little
shout-out to my my second favorite
country in the world
Finland like if you lived in total I
would want to put a mark there thumb
butter or Oulu or gimme a toffee or
where's Rovaniemi
there's Rovaniemi you know all of these
places right here I think this would be
so cool to see this map filled with
different marks representing you guys I
think that'd be sweet
so that's one thing that we want to do
and we want to put it right up there so
I don't know tell me what you guys think
we'll have an official video probably on
Ellie's room tour Ellie where'd you go
probably on Ellie's room tour where
we're gonna have my you demyans
on Ellie's room tour video we're
probably gonna say leave a comment down
below where you are watching from and
then we'll take a video and then we'll
put those marks in we're not gonna do
pins because that's gonna leave holes in
the map we want to do just like little
stickybeak what do you think the little
sticky would take over like all of
Finland rather than the little city
we've got to find little stickies tiny
tiny little stickies okay who's that
good-looking guy in the mirror Jackson
is that you hey here you get my jewelry
yeah this is like an official one take
we haven't stopped yeah that's this is
like this is like our first ever guys I
believe it until actually not really
excite them to cook this morning oh I
guess that streaks are hard for us cuz
sometimes it's like well we want to show
what else our drink but we've always
just doesn't want to take us on Sundays
just so we can spend more time together
yeah so that's kind of fun I totally
forgot about that one clip that you did
this morning so I can't rewrite
everything I just said here Ellie you
take the camera I don't want I can't do
this anymore
really though I don't know why our heat
went off last night it's done that twice
now about it this morning
yeah I told him it was just cold and
Jackson woke up I didn't realize it was
off and Jared's like I just went and
checked her I think we should turn the
heat up I was like it was it was like
he's 62 degrees like it was cold yeah I
know once I felt Jackson I was like oh
no wonder he's crying like his little
body was freezing but you know what's
funny
well if we're at my parents house that's
where they would have it
like they're like 62 degrees I love that
I love being cold when I'm sleeping I'm
the opposite I have to be warm I have to
have something on me when I sleep I
would rather be warm than cold oh for
sure I think most people would rather be
cold when they sleep what I talk like
when we were at playlist with Cullen and
Katie we they wanted to have the room
cold just because they were so good I
mean I really wasn't that cold but
Collin made fun of me the whole weekend
he's like good great le like put going
on yeah like I'm freezing worth we're in
Florida right warm enough to begin but I
was like oh it was gold
it was Michael but anyway I think that
is our video for today
good job I like fat enough good yeah
okay guys thank you so much for watching
we will see you guys tomorrow
Jackson is died of your favorite Hey
whoa yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah all right
thanks for watching bye
all righty Jackson question of the day
is daddy your favorite
