do you guys ever get so nauseous so
nauseous that all you want is Lucky
Charms yes Lucky Charms this is what I
have been eating for midnight snacks
would I have been eating in between
breakfast and lunch I loved it and I
never had Lucky Charms growing up we
always had marshmallow mateys but guess
what
yep I got gypped as a kid because Lucky
Charms is effect proven fact that there
are more marshmallows in Lucky Charms
than there are in marshmallow mateys
I think it's a fact at least and I am
saying it's a fact because every time I
eat a bowl of Lucky Charms I'm like
there are so many marshmallows in here
and I always have to eat it this way I
eat all of the regular cereal and then
at the end I have spoonful after
spoonful of delightful marshmallows
I am so grateful for Jared he let me
asleep in this morning actually I was
like I can't open my eyes we got up and
I was like Jared my eyes they were like
swollen shut
I had the worst headache all night which
made me kind of nauseous this morning
but I feel much much better I'm so
grateful that jared has been such a big
help to me but guys we have so many
babies in my family being born soon my
sister-in-law and the way she's gonna
have her little sweet boy soon my sweet
sister-in-law Jennifer she's gonna have
her little boy soon and then my sister
Julie is gonna have her boy soon and
then I am gonna have my boy soon so it's
just so crazy I've been talking with my
sister me and Jared are going to the DI
we're going to go give some of our
clothes to the thrift store and there
are some clothes that I didn't die
because Baby Cakes is only going to fit
in a certain amount of Jacksons clothes
with the seasons so Baby Cakes can't
wear this summer outfit when he is three
four months old and it is so cute I just
I remember ordering these clothes like
oh they're so precious so I'm sending a
few of them to my sister Julie because
her little guy will fit in these during
the months that he'll actually fin them
so I'm going to send these to my sister
and then I have some clothes are going
to the DI and we got to get some like
you've been like belly laughing for the
past 15 minutes oh my gosh this is so
funny
your guys's Twitter is funny
I like Twitter and we're what I want to
make sure to say your name Olivia she
tagged me Jeff Ryan and Missy and she's
like I don't know if you have this show
in America but it's a kids show we do
have Teletubbies as a show in America
but I was just laughing so hard at it
Friday night's face on the Teletubby and
what did you just tweet and I just
tweeted I'm glad I didn't get the purple
one I don't know why I never liked the
purple one growing up I like the yellow
or the red one so that's so funny but I
I'm dying I've been sitting here
laughing out loud I have not had a belly
laugh I don't know why it's so funny but
I just crawled through Twitter and then
I'm a Teletubby and it was so funny mom
mom you can say mama mama thanks for
tagging us on Twitter we love Twitter
Twitter's my favorite okay Jax let's go
get your pants and socks on we've got to
make you appropriate this ain't no
Donald Duck you can't be Donald Duck in
this situation how many cartoon
characters have shirts but no pants
Winnie the Pooh Donald Duck Daffy Duck
does he have one I guess you might not
even wear clothes Bugs Bunny doesn't
wear clothes hmm
piglet piglet girl that's a good
question to ask is piglet a boy or a
girl we must have had it before just
between you and me we may have but yeah
we've got to put some pants on Jackson
though because we've got some importance
stuff going on tonight
now that we have played a little bit and
we are in our proper attire Ellie and I
have a special night night we are doing
what we call dinner and a show show show
show oh is it a secret president can we
not some what we're having no my yet Oh
heaven okay we're doing a dinner in a
show tonight it is date night
we are treating each other very special
tonight it's gonna be a lot of fun
because every once in a while you need
to take time for you and your spouse and
that is what we are doing tonight we are
going to take care of each other and we
have a lot of fun hey guys and welcome
to our Saturday night date night we are
doing dinner and a show and Jared I'm
sorry unfortunately this is the only
other apron we have well if it's the
only one I've got to do it alone
ravishing no good absolutely both make
me look fancy yes to start the night off
with the dinner portion we've got my
favorite Lodge pan that I used to cook
all my chicken in I have my plain yogurt
with my one whole lemon squeeze into it
start up
I have some bread crumbs we are going to
put our chicken into the yogurt into the
crumbs into the dish to cook but make
sure to wash your hands after because
that's raw chicken folks now on to Jerry
for some light entertainment thanks Ali
for tonight's entertainment we've got a
very amusing dancer all you need is a
simple towel wind that up real close are
you keeping your eyes Jackson keep your
eyes closed we because here we've got a
special little dance
boom-boom-boom video video video video
there you have ladies and gentlemen now
let's go back to Elliot see what's going
on in the kitchen
thanks jarred I have my chicken all
ready to go into the oven the bread
crumbs and yogurt are on it I am going
to put this in the oven for about
minute and I'm just getting ready to and
I'm just getting ready to fix up some of
my white sauce boy only that chicken
looks delicious I can't wait to try it
out but for now Jackson and I are gonna
do a little game here we're gonna see if
we can play a little all the leader
okay you ready Jackson you ready can you
do it let's go well folks there you have
it that is following the leader played
by me and now Jackson back to you Ellie
and there you have it we have our dinner
ready you got our chicken vegetables
rice and gravy done that was amazing
grab by Shree go see them do you want to
go see grandma grandpa soon we can go
see on nuts your cousins Jared how about
we make a good trip that sounds like a
good idea yeah I eat Jackson hat we
haven't been up to see grandma grandpa
since November and since Thanksgiving
you know we should take advantage of our
of our time being flexible let's go see
grandma and grandpa okay okay well I
hope you enjoyed our little dinner and
show we had a lot of fun it was good
yeah we're actually gonna watch a show
now - Ellie and I just put Jackson down
for bed and we're gonna go watch a show
but I really think it's important to set
time aside for you and your spouse I
know Jackson was there with us but don't
you think like this is fun I just didn't
make dinner
do you know me if you do that a lot
anyway but it felt good to like make it
fan well in and plan it like okay
yesterday we were like okay this is what
we're gonna make on Saturday together
yeah yeah so that's the end of the vlog
guys think
so much for watching Ellie and I right
now we're gonna try and film something
for vine and snapchat so I'll have a
link to our my vine and snapchat down
below check it out because I think it'll
be pretty funny but I'm gonna start
posting there more but we we have some
plans for vine and snapchat so bad
person oh it's the funny person is what
it does okay thanks guys for watching
we'll see tomorrow by Ellie the baby's
asleep another night is ours this is
important
