see daddy open up see daddy
open up go get him man who finally he's
been waiting all morning
Oh Jackson
Dez can daddy come out to play yet
Jackson come here he is hiding from me
Jackson Oh get over here Jackson uh we
gotta change you come on come on let's
get out come here come here
good job okay let's get you dressed for
the day
oh oh you little stink you think that
you can hide back there
that's your the hiding spot well good
morning everybody how are you doing
today today is awesome because Ellie
actually cut my hair today and I love it
I think she does such a good job and I
always feel so good and fresh and crisp
whenever my hair is cut and done I don't
know it just makes it I think it gives
me a little bit more confidence in
myself when my hair is all did and it's
is cut so Thank You Ellie for giving me
an awesome haircut as usual and I have
some good news about the haircut today
we didn't do it in the bathtub
we went in the garage and we used
Ellie's salon chair that she has and we
set up a little mirror and it turned out
pretty well don't you think Ellie yes
I'm sorry that I was selfish and made
you do it in the tub last few times this
is probably the best haircut you've had
the last bit I like it thick didn't mess
up I didn't be like oh do you want me to
move closer and and get a bad cut on my
head either so I think this haircut is
probably the best one in the past a
while yeah it looks good
you look good too thank you and you look
good too young man you look good too
he looks like such a big boy too Oh
howdy how do parents say no to their
kids I'm sure the day will come where
I'm like no no no but right now I'm just
sitting here and I'm going over our
budget Jared had to go run to the bank
and go run a few errands and there's a
liquorice tub here and Jackson sees it
and comes over and I'm like no
not in trades no and what does he do he
was really excited and really excited
and signs the word milk and he's just
he's doing it so fast and he's like like
he's like I'll do anything to get that
liquorice like he's like I'll just do
anything reciting the one word he knows
how really really intensely thinking I'm
doing what you want me to do just give
me the licorice it was so funny what
happened you got it you got it oh one
day one day I'll be I'll actually be
like absolutely not but there is no harm
you had a good nap and good lunch you
can have you can have a look rush as
long the best thing about being a parent
Oh the best thing about it now I can see
why my dad always does it it still does
we got half of it my dad so bad what do
you have to show me what can you say
please on your chest I love it he picked
that up so quick did even though it's
the rough but the fact that he's using
it to communicate yeah he's trying and
this is this is one of my favorite thing
so far as parenting is Jackson's really
at a fun age now that like starting to
teach him he's learning actually so
we're learning but that was really funny
huh I want to do something what vacuum
are you made for this Jackson I don't
know if I'm ready we always have been a
long time my life is handstands
I will do one in three months give me
four months come on give me I don't want
to see you do one in the hospital after
you've delivered Baby Cakes just to show
the viewers because that's what they're
gonna see okay
Jackson's favorite spot in the house is
this jor he actually gets in the drawer
and he plays these are just little stuff
that I have in there and this is his
second favorite place in the house
he has been crawling around the kitchen
with this barstool
it didn't matter the location as long as
it's under the barstool
yeah he just crawls around a thing he
loves it and it is so funny like I was
like 12 years old and I loved playing
under our kitchen table like when we
would say prayer at dinnertime
I would get under the table like bite
everyone's feet and plan to the
barstools so it's fun that he's like
discovered planning in the barstools and
now he's done you know I figure out it
was when I was really young I would
climb under the table and I would play
with the dogs cuz the dog Oh fun the
kitchen table and sometimes I pick some
here and take some food let's sneak it
to him you get snotty well they're wrong
maybe they weren't hungry they just were
selfish when dandan Boom Boom Boom Boom
Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom Boom
Bam Bam Bam Bam Bam parada
ah ID like that is that make you smile
here's so cute Jackson today had his
very first sucker didn't you buddy
didn't you have your very first sucker
and it was so cute I wish we could have
got it on film we were at an appointment
so we couldn't really film where we were
but we did get some picture so I'll have
him right here um I think he had three
we were trying to make sure he was
staying at being quiet but he had three
little tiny dum-dums and he went to town
he went to down on those suckers so he's
getting a nice good bath because he had
some all over his face you definitely
want to save it for later
did you bud didn't Chuck yeah you've got
some sucker right all over dared you got
some sucker all over your fridge don't
you ever ever ah ha ha ha guess what the
baby's asleep the baby's asleep the
baby's asleep it's time to party yes you
sound hot it's time to play styrofoam
it's party time
Jackson is asleep we are gonna party and
we decided we were talking about just
dance I told you as like like my tummy I
can't handle and just dance I cannot
just dance
so me and Jared I was like we have not
played Mario in a really long time
and it's relaxing to me because it's
what I always play growing up it was
just racing cars or you know I just
loved it and so we can't stream it
because we don't have yes what is it
called the capture card we need to get a
capture card for the weed so we can
stream that stuff so you guys can see it
but I have to learn to pretty expensive
and you want to get the right kind of
yeah
and we're gonna do I want a good one so
I think we're gonna maybe wait maybe in
April April or May that's her birthday
baby Father's Day April that would be
fun great we'll see but that would be
fun at some time but I think we are
going to sit have a little treat play a
game in Jarrod's finishing the dishes I
appreciate it all right everyone in the
comments down below I want you to leave
your favorite - Mario character whether
it's Mario Super Mario Super Mario World
Super Mario Galaxy Super Mario universe
you can put everyone except peach you
know is that you're bitter you can't
keep Steve I from Mario Kart
I like Yoshi until they just came out
with a link I'm like Mike leave her
favorite Mario character down below in
the comments okay okay bye I used to
like our I used to not like peach
because every time I got peach it was
slow but it probably was me not peach so
sorry if I offended anyone but I just
personally can't handle peach okay
thanks for watching guys have a
wonderful
it's the weekend it's the freakin
weekend but it allowed to have you some
fun okay see ya
