say please he say please turn some milk
you want some milk
oh yeah want some milk say milk say milk
good job there you go
good job buddy say please
good job say please say thanks ah good
job good job
you just get the shivers
Jackson can you sign please please yeah
you did it
try her Jared talking to Jackson this
morning all morning saying say please
and I mean though he's just a
one-year-old doesn't quite understand
like it's please he kind of Pat's his
chest that's so cute
good job son oh are you getting camera
shy now Oh organization trip number one
we are here at the store getting some
things for the closet that Ellie has
been thinking about for days and days
and days and days and days and many more
days and I have to show you this one
thing here this is a laundry basket that
we're going to get for Jackson's room
and the new baby's room but my first
thought and this is like I'm just such a
little kid Oh dad I'm a duh my first
thought is like you know what I would
want to do as a kid I would want to get
in that and I'd want to roll down the
stairs I'd want to put this I want to
fit inside of it just like that and then
roll down the stairs so Jackson I think
that's what we're gonna do today as soon
as we get home we're gonna sit inside of
that and we're gonna roll down the
stairs does that sound like a plan I've
made my mind up and I've done this
multiple times in the past years but
sometimes it's good to remind yourself
if you just don't spend any money you're
fine then you're happy I well we did
spend a little I got a little hamper for
the kids for the closet but other than
that I went to Target our closest
targets like 30 40 minutes away
45 45 minutes away we decided to come
see my mom and go to Target and I
thought you know I got there I was
looking at the bins you know
organization and whatnot and I thought
you know I already fold the clothes nice
and neatly I don't need just a thing to
put it in I don't need to spend $13 like
I don't know for a plastic so I just
thought I'm just I'm not gonna spell
I'm just gonna buy the hamper that I
need I don't need the organization stuff
I wanted it to look cute does it really
matter it's a closet I'm pregnant I'm
going this way and that way and it
didn't matter if I was pregnant anyway I
would still go this way in that way and
I just now I feel good
we'll see the important thing about the
hamper though is that it serves two
purposes it's going to hold all the
clothes that we have from the babies and
that's that's step number one
but number two the most important thing
about this hamper other than holding
clothes is that we can roll down the
stairs in that we can put the kids in so
we can roll down the stairs so we get
two main purposes out of this hamper and
so that I feel like it's a really solid
surance right yes so if you or the kids
aren't getting broke yeah we're good
there okay so we've got our bases I'm a
professional laundry basket Roller I
think we'll be okay okay we're good I
think we're all good
okay Jackson you take a nap here at
grandma's house just right there on the
floor and mommy and I are gonna go see
the taxman yeah I'm the taxman oh we've
got a very important day with the taxman
and Jackson as the foreign team has an
important date with the crib okay let's
put you down for bed look at that sun
shining look at the sunshine are you
ready one two three on the road again I
can't wait to be on the road again sing
it Jackson you on the road again I
feel like I've been driving on the road
all day those are the words I don't know
the words except on the road again maybe
we can sing a different song again I
don't know what we're doing anymore
Thanks I'll be here all Tuesday
that's uh that's my song for you guys so
while we're driving through the car
I hope you're having a good day today
things have been going pretty swell for
us on our end
we got some good things done today while
we are in a different city that we
normally win at and yeah that's my
update to you I'm gonna turn the camera
back over to Nelly she's gonna update
you about the game at clamp on the road
again she's gonna update you off the
weapon on the weather it's called and
cousins on and off raining all day and
we're on the road again Oh on a serious
note did you start dying oh he's signing
signing he sees your drew my gosh he's
signing milk
he sees your dream he is totally I don't
know if I have any milk let me look
Jackson you're signing milk milk
he totally signing milk there you go
hopefully there's like a little left eye
uh oh gotta get situated now my seat
belts on he's got his milk okay I have
to show you guys I saw on I don't know
who it was it was on Instagram I can
make up by Anna I think it's who I
follow the posted a picture of her water
bottle with a bunch of fruit in it if
she's like I never drink water and now
that I've done this now I drink a lot of
water so this morning I cut up what
strawberries I had left put it in my
water bottle and I've drinkin three of
these I will go days without drinking a
full waterfall water bottle like I just
I have a hard time I know being pregnant
especially I need to be better at that
but I seriously I love it I love it and
it was so yummy and I've drink in like
three of these and I can't wait to go
home and fill up but I actually have a
question anyone those are all just
Google and probably what I've done but I
I put all the fruit in there and I drank
the water and I told Jared I said I can
leave the fruit in there all day and
keep refilling it right and then at the
end of the day I won't use the fruit for
the next day you know but it'll be at
least of daysius so I don't know I'm
gonna have to look it up and see what
people do like because that would be
silly and a waste I feel like a fruit to
cut fruit up every time you get a couple
water but anyway I think that's so cool
I sign them now I drink more water
because of it so maybe that'll help one
of you guys oh no we we stopped filming
one on Ellie's clip like 130 seconds ago
yeah we literally just ran into this
this is the canyon that we're going up
and it's pretty nasty like 30 seconds it
was sunshine there was not a wet spot on
the ground and look we're right in the
snow how crazy I know and looking over
like the now and it looks like it's nice
and bright that's crazy I miss our lot
of snow but the roads are very slushy in
but it's just instant change instant are
you gonna pinch my nose and your pitch
was he pinching your nose lice and milk
where's your foots milk milk can you
show me a sign for milk milk milk he
goes like that okay so when I was
looking at this fruit what I was trying
to say in the car was is it bad to leave
the fruit in the water all day well I'm
gonna just refill the water though is
that I would assume that's fine but then
I found water bottles online it like
hold the fruit and infuse the water so
that the so that the water isn't me
Yoshi and stuff you know hungry boy is
hungry so I don't know I don't know I
think it's kind of I don't know if
that's just people trying to like and
make money like a new and improved water
bottle that does not earth is fine just
to leave it in the water I don't know
we'll have to look it up but I think
it's cool to have a separate compartment
for it because if I have like watermelon
it would like you know kind of yeah
you're gonna find a fun to taste the
particles - yeah you like do you like
pulp do you like open on juice orange
juice yes yeah I'm I'm definitely a no
poet or very very low pulp in orange
juice but I think fruit is a little bit
different I don't I wouldn't mind like
little bits of watermelon or strawberry
in my water yeah Oh tell me your
thoughts or give me some sort of leave a
comment down below
oh really cuz like so I don't know I
think this is fine is there a reason why
I would get that other water bottle I
don't know I'm hearing some funny things
upstairs so I think I should come up and
take a look and see what's going on yeah
there you are
well that's a nice view what what is
good
come find me where are you
yo tilted his head just as long as he
can't see you that it's okay
close your eyes my god hey if he can't
see you your gun oh oh that's so cute
oh you think I'll just go try the others
they're in my room I'm gonna get you I'm
gonna get you I'm gonna get you I'm
gonna get you
I get yeah I'm going yeah he's getting
fast I'm coming I cook I'm gonna get you
Jackson where you going he's like I'm
not gonna listen to you I'm going to get
dad I wanna do it daddy
I'm gonna be with Daddy I'm gonna Bianca
I'm doing that tush hey Kay kisses good
night give me a kiss can I have a kiss
right up tie the clips Oh
right after he burns he like burps and
kiss it's a burp kiss he's worked in
lots cuz he just drank a lot of milk
take it give everyone a kiss
love you okay guys his last make me
smile we will see you guys tomorrow
tomorrow a wonderful day
whoo my buddy
