good morning you guys from my bed oh I'm
on my comfy comfy pregnancy pillow and
last night I woke up and I just couldn't
help but laugh and I had to share with
you guys in case you don't follow me on
Twitter the past few nights on Twitter
every every night at 3 a.m. I tweet out
woke up for my daily routine gotta go to
the bathroom
wish I had a snack like I'm starving oh
I was so starving are you it was at the
beginning of the pregnancy where I woke
up and was starving and I would bring
snacks that because our kitchen is so
far away at 3 a.m. and and people on
Twitter they're like oh get a snack get
a snack and so last night I planned it I
got a nice bowl of so I have my goldfish
crackers I should have brought water up
is what I should have done but I got
goldfish crackers so last night guess
what I woke up at like 2:45 and I was
like oh this is awesome
I'm gonna go to the bathroom and then
I'm gonna eat my goldfish crackers and I
did it and it was amazing so that is my
that is my 3 a.m. morning routine if you
didn't know
hey you got first thing music John dance
again
dance it's so happy he's totally dancing
but moves that hey Johnson
let's find Franklin's Valentine after
Franklin looked everywhere
mister I'll let him phone home Franklin
waited and waited while his mother
searched
I'm so sorry Franklin she finally said I
found your Valentines
outside in the puddle of slush the cards
are ruined
Franklin blinked away tears he gave the
phone to mr. owl and ran out of the room
look at all this plush stuff he's crying
oh hey guys so Jackson and I are getting
ready for nap time and our routine is we
always read books but Jackson and I are
trying out this oyster book app that is
a subscription-based app for 9.95 that
you get unlimited books you can read
like all the Harry Potter books it's
kind of like a Netflix but for books and
we've been trying it out for a little
bit and normally I would like to use
this for when Jackson and I are on a
plane when we're going to Grandma's for
a nap time because it's nice to not have
to carry a lot of books with us when
we're traveling and stuff for bedtime
specifically I like him to have a book
that he can flip through but for the
other times in the day it's kind of nice
to have you can use this on your iOS
devices you can use this on your Android
devices
Jackson and I are trying out a 30-day
try
and there's also a 30-day trial for you
if you want to that's free in this in
the description below but tell me what
your thoughts are if you guys cuz some
people are dead set on on on
applications like this and some people
like to have the regular book I can see
the convenience of having this because
you don't have to bring a lot of books
with you but tell me what you think
especially his mom's I like it for
travel so and he likes it too especially
because he gets cookies when he reads
books okay ever since we set up this
vanity for Ellie I've never seen her so
motivated to make videos she has the
next week
already done she's filmed them she's
everything thank you it's because of you
I I think it's funny public camera I
told I tweeted the other day I was like
it makes it fun to do videos when you
like your backdrop and like you're
having fun with it and I I remember when
I first started doing the videos on my
channel I was really excited because it
was new and it was fun and I've always
been excited but now that I have like a
fun backdrop to look at and good
lighting like my lighting looks really
good yeah I it's fun for me to do so I'm
like Jackson's sleep so yeah I'm gonna
record like I'm gonna edit it before I
laughs I love it I think that's so cool
and exciting so well thank you good job
you I'm not sure so did you decide how
you wanted to do it Ellie
tell me you guys caught me you're in the
zone yeah well first how precious that's
cute how cute is that
thank you for the comments thank you for
the nice comments I was going through
comments today and I was okay that's a
good idea that's a good idea okay thank
you and a couple of you even mentioned
to put half of the Ben over here to just
make it even and that was my original
idea the only thing I hated about that
is that I have so much dead space there
and then this would all be taken away so
I figured some diapers and the diaper
bags will go there this side is all baby
cakes this side is all Jackson and then
the middle section is burp rags and a
couple for baby cakes so he can have
some shelves but I'm having a lot of fun
I got some hangers for baby cakes and
these are all of Jackson's all clothes
that's going to fit baby cakes when baby
cakes is like three three to six months
so he's gonna get some overalls and some
church clothes and some fun clothes in
October those will fit him so it's
really fun to just hang up the three to
six month clothes over there he'll have
his newborn clothes over there
and then I'll just when he's done with
the three to six months I'll dig through
Jackson's clothes see if any will work
for him and put him back up there so I
won't feel overwhelmed but I'm feeling
really good he just he just liked um
George is here he's actually like kind
of liking it I put him on there one time
and he flipped out huh that's funny I'm
on a giraffe I'm on a giraffe that
wasn't very funny so Jared so I think
Jared's gonna go get me some more he has
to run in to town so he's gonna go get
me a few more hangers I feel really good
about this I feel much better because
was the closet was is gonna be done I'm
gonna get going on a crib for babycakes
oh and a little toddler bed for Jackson
and in my head I don't want to splurge
it out cuz I want to do a video on it
what tell everyone about what the crib
and so I have a question for you
um how early or at what age do you put
your baby in a toddler bed Baby Cakes
Jackson will be 17 months and Baby Cakes
comes and I hear a lot of people around
18 months put their kids and toddler
beds but we'll see see but I'm excited
to get the cribs go in the beds go in
it'll be really fun
okay Jackson are you ready to do this
we've got some very important business
to attend to we've got some boxes that
need to be checked and eyes that need to
be dotted and T's that need to be
crossed are you ready to rock and roll
let's do it okay we're actually on a
very important mission Jackson we can't
look at TVs all day long we've got to
find baby hangers so if our baby hangers
where would I be somewhere along this
wall right here okay and we're looking
for this color right here okay all right
we've got it we can go on okay let's go
home shut the front door who did I run
into hi guys
you've got some lion makeup on your face
huh oh my gosh
guys I know I walked around the corner
and I you see Olivia and then all of a
sudden I hear Kony say sure and he's on
the other side like he's on the other
side oh my gosh what a small world
but there's Boston oh I promise I didn't
do it it wasn't me I promise hi guys
what a pleasant surprise I'm like so
happy now are you getting some of these
some baby hangers yeah no she's not
she's actually doing the organization
right now so
you're so good at bounce dancing Jackson
give you bounce dance a little more are
you gonna walk
are you gonna walk for us yay
and pose hey what you doing this kid
you're so fun to watch yes he just
entertains themselves Oh totally here's
a question that I'm not sure we've ever
asked us in the logs before but this is
not an argument but this is a difference
between Ellie and I who i definitely
wash the dishes with one of these guys
hey Ellie watches it with one of these
yeah she puts soap all over so what do
you guys do and do you think there's a
bad way to do the dishes the time when
we first got married that I was like I
don't like those because I feel the
washcloth every time I use I throw in
the washing machine but those looks like
they collect weight and then you get a
new on
but the funny thing was when we my very
first did it and started watching the
dishes with it
hell he looked at me and she doesn't say
anything she doesn't say one word but I
was just like you don't like the way I'm
doing this here and she's like no I'm so
glad you said something so I didn't have
to but yeah she didn't like the way I
use these but I like them they're easy
and I don't know and I'm grateful so
thank you because you are doing the
dishes today is my day so we're gonna do
it the dishes right I've got one plus
for me doesn't matter how they get done
so thank you I freaked where did our kid
go you play good mind growing up as a
kid my dad would make sure that I use
this and then I put them in the
dishwasher so I'm sure a lot of people
like in the comments are probably like I
just used the dishwasher that's all I do
I put the dishes in the dishwasher we
ended the clip that I was like or
probably most people just use a
dishwasher
I'm the dishwasher I watch the Jets big
watch wait just feel the steam can you
feel it
hey Jackson dad found something of yours
do you own
pick one anyone anyone you'd like Oh
pick to pick too but don't oh you're
greedy don't pick three okay he wants
all of them he just doesn't want me to
have one give me a kiss
I'm not okay guys Jared you just brought
up the loot I just brought up everything
from downstairs I'm on our jury we're
getting ready for bed
thank you guys so much for watching
today Jackson what do you we always say
see you tomorrow bye
