bye-bye not HD move their stats pop
hip-hop that's all I know
that's my German song ladies and
gentlemen I'll be here at all Thursday
good morning how are you guys today what
are you thinking oh you want to go
outside I want to take Jackson outside
my plan today was to go to the little
park it's like just two seconds it's
like the community park that they have
here I was gonna take Jackson and it's
just it's still just kind of miserable
outside like it's just cold and it
didn't sound fun to me and I thought he
would just be fine reading books which
he loves to read books and look out the
window so me and Jackson are trapped in
his bedroom and I bought all of
Jackson's clothes that don't fit him
anymore in these bins and I'm going
through all Jackie's clothes and
organizing them to what fit and then I
am trying to see if any of Jackson's
size of clothes will work for Baby Cakes
because when Baby Cakes was born all
Jackson's newborn clothes were all for
like dead of winter so I don't know I'm
just trying to figure it all out I'm
just a little bit of organizing and
taxing you like that book what ones this
book called no Big Brothers are the best
they are the best Jackson this is a
newborn Church little onesie and it no
it is so tiny that's so tiny oh my
goodness it's so crazy looking at little
outfit little baby cakes is gonna wear
in like three months this is insane
it's so fun going through these old
clothes I'm getting a few of them will
actually work for my sister and my
sister my little sister my sister that's
a medical school right now some of these
will work for her so I'm gonna send her
just a few little warm outfits for her
little baby because her baby is doing
April on their circle cold months in
April so going through all of these for
hey hey do you want to open okay now
what are you gonna do you're gonna pull
everything out nope you're gonna get in
it yep that's what he wanted he want it
to get in the bin
oh brother we're gonna be here all day
this is my project
all day this is all I'm gonna do is
organize the bins and I actually maybe I
don't know I probably won't need to but
I want to get smaller bins cuz just to
put like three to six months like not
this is like fits all of his baby
clothes on the screen
Jack Cena now you really mix it on now
you have 12 month clothes where some
newborns are you crazy
oh my gosh the memories fled we brought
Jackson home in this little sweat outfit
and he wore this as a newborn and little
babycakes is gonna be wearing this as a
newborn I just think this is crazy
we are having another baby Jackson we
are having another baby you're having a
brother that's so weird I have a baby
you're my baby and now I'm gonna have
another baby and I can have two babies
oh my gosh this is so crazy to me why
did I start this today I'm gonna bawl
huh this is just so weird going through
all this clothes like well babycakes is
gonna be able to wear this this is what
Jackson was blessed in we blessed
Jackson at our church and this is what
he wore and it's gonna fit babycakes as
soon as babycakes is born or a month
later or so it's a newborn size so she's
crazy
ooh and well Jackson just woke up from
his nap
and what do you think a baby wants when
they wake up from a nap some nice cold
milk right Jackson that's what you think
you'd want huh
you think he'd want some milk nope I
gave it to him and he slaps it out of my
hand and I'm like dude I'm just trying
to help a brother out
like father to son literally father to
son trying to help you out but you know
what he says instead he slaps it right
into my hand and you know he says cookie
cookie that's what you want a cookie huh
is that what you want yeah say cookie
say cookie yeah say cookie
no he's not saying it now like he sure
was saying there earlier listen guys I
want to show you this Jackson
you need to work out no not like he
needs a workout there's a little
leggings come on bud saddle up partner
oh it's okay I know you've been doing it
all day
satella a partner I've got to teach you
how to mobile on one way or the other
and this is just a first step
you've got to practice mowing your lawn
I'm sorry it's a reality we're gonna
have a front yard we're gonna have a
back yard we might as well get used to
it okay do you think you can do that for
me I know I know you don't want to but
you have to it's part of being a son is
you have their month along hey that's it
hey okay bud
Shaun my husband you have some food in
your belly I think it's about time you
show them how that you're a pro at the
Walker and guys so here's the thing I
want to get this off my chest
clear ready to go okay I'm not concerned
at all that Jackson's not walking yet
and neither should you be this is
totally fine as total
normal walking ranges and age I mean I
see people as young as nine months
I see like that's ridiculous but no it
is normal that's the point I'm trying to
make that's normal so nine months you
know I've seen people not walk as late
as like 15 months old 18 9 8 10 almost -
yeah so we're not worried in the
slightest and neither should you guys
like don't even worry about Jackson not
walking and honestly I kind of like it
because we're getting ready for the baby
and it's it's good for us to be able to
have this time with Jackson before he
starts growing up too fast I think don't
you think he's gonna walk soon because
he's honestly every transition he's ever
done like he gets kind of irritated
about it he's been very kind of
irritated lately and I think that he is
like he's ready for a big change and I
think walking is gonna be more oh so now
you want some milk huh
after you've had your cookie and after
you've had your case of Dilla
yeah you think it's funny huh say Oh
earlier this morning it was so funny we
were he eating breakfast and Jackson
already had his breakfast he already ate
he had even some of Ellie's breakfast
and then he came up to me and he wanted
some of my honey nut cheerios and I said
say please and I did the sign for peace
yeah I said say please say please can
you say please please but instead of
doing it on his chest he took his hand
and he did it to my chest but then I got
multiple yeah yeah I thought it was the
cutest funniest thing ever
so Jackson is starting to say milk and
he's starting to say please and I think
it's pretty cool okay
I also said that we need to this is a
segue for Jackson to start mowing the
lawn oh dude okay get it going get it
going get it going now
turn around stand up Jax won't come over
here oh oh no he totally is like I am
done I don't want to this is the only
toy he's pretty much hot out all day and
he's price sick of it which I'm sick of
it cuz listen oh you should never say oh
we'll do it again try it do it wait time
up we have 60 frames a second now help
me adjust it 60 frames per second
are we struggling in here is that what
we're doing are we struggling Ellie is
there some struggle going on Ellie has
been in this room I said I can't figure
it out and I'm frustrated that's okay
these things take time this is that it's
all day it's it's bedtime
it's so here's let me explain a little
bit what Ellie is doing is she has this
closet right here and this closet
currently holds the contents of all of
Jackson's possessions all of Jackson's
clothes things
shoes salts stuffed animals and books
and other things of a sort but we're
gonna have two babies now so Ellie is
trying to see how she can divide this
closet I'll tell them tell them how it
is no Jackson is all of this yes this is
this this is baby cakes this is baby
cakes this is books that I'm gonna
eventually hang up so it's like all
these are emptied pretty much that's
baby cakes in the future so it's like
the baby has all this side shelves
Jackson has that but Jackson's clothes
are getting really big to the point
where they feel the bins up so I would
like to hang the clothes up so I'm gonna
move the clothes over here to hang all
the shirts put his pants over here and
the baby cakes over there but I am
really weird on my thinking and I like
the idea of having Jackson on this side
maybe he's on this side because he's
oldest and it doesn't matter it's stupid
but I am frustrated I are is this
nesting is that what this is well are
you nesting right I don't get this
closet done I'll be happy but it's not a
big deal but in my head like Jared's
like Elliot's not a big deal but to me
it is like it is it is let me let me say
this goose goose
that's that's the problem that we're
having right now so I'm gonna leave it
here if you guys have any suggestions
leave it in the comments below and maybe
one of you guys will make le the
happiest person in the entire world
kiss my mouth and I also like the idea
of not having much in these because like
I don't even need these as much because
he'll have this side and this and this
can be like burp racks and blankets and
he is climbing up on things to pull
those books he's so cute let's take a
quick little survey of the room here
guys okay
I think that's I think that's where
we're gonna end today guys thank you so
much for watching
stay tuned for next episode where Ellie
and Jared tackle their own closet
actually our closet yeah save you :
you've got me I shouldn't say a word you
guys you got me be honest never mind I
won't come
thanks so much for watching guys I hope
you have a wonderful day
stay happy smile a little bit more and
see if you can make someone else smile
fine tonight thank you
