good morning I woke up like this paulus
what why do people say I woke up like
this
I woke up like this I woke up like this
well is it meant to be like I'm so
beautiful like I won't oh yeah I woke up
like this
well I will go like this
good morning guys I have my lipsticks
ready I am going to be putting them in
my little video that I just feel a
little lipstick video for this week and
then I got to do my tags for my
pregnancy update that goes up on Tuesday
so I is today for you guys - see update
on Ellie's Channel right here for your
viewing pleasure well I am gonna get
just a little bit of work done and I'm
gonna let it check Jackson Jackson watch
dad is that what I was gonna say
or is it happen oh do you ever go to the
grocery store and get everything done
that you need to it you're like huh I'm
done I can go home and relax with you
like family
oh oh wait you totally forgot the most
important things to keep your child
alive milk and cheese I can't believe I
did that
so Jackson and I are running back into
the grocery store so we can go back and
get the most important things the things
that we were supposed to get in the
first place
yes Jackson and I are an out and about
getting a couple things I still can't
believe that I forgot that I think that
is so funny like how scatterbrained have
I been lately to where I'm like oh yeah
Jared Ellie says hey Jared will you go
go to the grocery store and get these
two items that we need sure I'll do that
and those are the two things that I do
not get do you think I'm funny do you
think in Seeley I also came to exchange
that headset that Ellie got for me for
Valentine's Day it's a really really
cool headset but there isn't any mic
monitoring in it so you can't hear
yourself when you're talking and so when
Jackson is napping I'm talking super
loud and Ellie's like Chad you're
talking way too loud so I changed it for
one that has that it was actually a
little bit cheaper too so win-win
situation right there
what do you think bud win-win okay
Jackson all together one two three
Jackson you didn't do it Jackson say ahh
he's like no Jett
no dad I want to get out of this car I
want to get out of this car now I am
done now I can go home
look who painter lay or having a
playdate are you guys excited to see
Jackson those are cute you can play with
those Jack see ya you know what to do
well our play date turned into a mandate
I guess maybe a little controller we
have a mandate it's a mandate look we
got chocolate on our faces we just have
lunch and I got the kids little juice
boxes and they have little own of
Nutella sandwich so I can hear myself
yeah with the with the headset because
there's a monitor so I can hear myself
so I can be talking and we're not
talking at an abnormally loud volume now
when you twitch people won't be annoyed
if it's too loud when I change okay you
guys play we're to Boston go Boston you
have a science got a maraca come on you
could do it
you think you have Jackson des deutschen
Boston had to sit on my lap when he had
his lunch because Jackson Mississippi
can't else I know they are like coffee
each other
Jackson's like that's my place to play
there please go play I said you like it
okay Jackson let's just get to bed I
like you boys I'm glad all three of your
play in okay there aren't any nice
around are there nice no are you look do
you see any knives around anywhere No
it is so good to see you guys again all
the new cameras back I'm socially
confused because the last time you made
fun of the camera you cut your football
I just woke up from a nap guys so I
didn't get that joke no nice but my
finger hurts and I kind of open again
this morning washing my hair because
like my little hair strand it's it's so
crazy
do you remember working at this lawn and
getting hair slivers oh I still do if
I've cut your hair once in a while
the thought of that gives me the
heebie-jeebies because I would always
get fiberglass slivers pole-vaulting I
would get on my my for I'm right here
cuz when you you know when you go
inverted when you're inverted that's
crazy holders know what I'm talking
about
pole vaulters leave a comment down below
if you know what it's like to get him
burden that's weird
but I've been in the salon when I might
the first job that I worked I worked at
a franchise and I loved working there
but I would come home with cracked
bloody hands because my hands would be
in the water all day all day I'm not
your hand holding your hands I knew the
feeling of your they were just dry as
they were dry and and kind of crackly
because you just had them in the water
all day but now I love holding your
hands on this gangly I'm sorry I'll hold
your hand
or I'm hungry what's going on in here
and Big Brothers eat cupcake Oh cupcakes
I love cupcakes hey bud there's our big
help
how you doing I'm totally interrupting
storytime aren't I oh yeah I'm sorry I'm
interrupting storytime I just wanted to
say hello and let you guys have the
opportunity to say good night to Jackson
now he's just now you want he's like
he's like no monkeys I'm down I'm down
oh sorry
closing the door bud the doors closed
and you are stuck in here forever
for
forever forever can anyone name that
movie I'm sure you can but name not
movie in the comments below if you can
okay bud well he just he's putting
himself to bed
he's got the binky art in his mouth
think he's cool with the pinkie in his
mouth he knows where they are
oh he totally does if you leave him
alone in the air the first thing you'll
do is your swishes penguin
oh okay bud Jackson is going to bed I am
gonna get some work done and Ellie we're
gonna see if we can if I can watch The
Bachelor Ellie wants to watch The
Bachelor and we'll see if it will work
out but I'm excited because the shy
Tomba tomorrow tomorrow oh okay I'm
geeking out I'm super geeking out
because so and I was kind of explaining
this to LA tomorrow there's a video game
coming out and it reminds me of my
childhood so much like I grew up on this
stuff so you know a lot of people like
play pokemon and all of that stuff like
on the gameboy and everything well I
played Pokemon when I was really little
but I wasn't as big a fan of it as I was
Dragon Ball Z is that so funny I said I
think I feel so funny saying it I feel
so funny saying it but there's a dragon
reason why we got the game console with
the Mario yeah the Wii U yeah because it
was like I was like I'm not gonna play
video games but I'll play Mario yeah
but there's a game coming out and I'm
really excited cuz I'm gonna get it
tomorrow and I'm gonna stream it on
Twitch but the thing is like the reason
why I'm getting is because it brings
back so many fun memories of my
childhood like the nostalgia is real
like I just think of my childhood so
much coming home after elementary school
and waiting for that show to come on
like I just loved it so much where's
this kid does he running up there he is
he crawls through here one day he's not
gonna fit he's gonna be pretty I hear
yeah he's getting big enough to where
he's getting stuck I was with him the
other day and he was like getting his
shoulder stuck but he squeezed through
I want you to always crawl on things
actually I did too I crawled over parcel
Zoltan even when I was an adult I still
crawl through things if I know I can fit
through it I'm going through it
well should we sing a buyer I think we
can say goodbye now it's time to say
goodbye all my friends and family J ACK
so n say good night Hey he is pretty big
Kate Jackson kiss George good night hey
Jackson could I please have a kiss can
all feel sorry she's like oh oh well if
you're gonna kiss me do a song cheese
George no do you think you're giving me
kiss oh the love is real good night good
night
we'll see you guys next century bye
