happy Sunday to you guys I think that we
should start out with a little bump
update I have not done that in a while
especially on this channel but I'm going
to show you I tried to show you with my
with my shirt but it was black she could
barely see so he was my bare belly
warning parents if you don't want to see
my bread boy um but there is little baby
cakes as big as ever getting so big and
I just posted a picture on Instagram and
I was looking at the picture side by
side post right here Jared I was looking
at the picture side by side and I feel
this cut this go around with the
pregnancy I'm bigger as far as my belly
but when I look back at my old 25 week
update versus the one I just film just a
day or two ago that's gonna be up on
Tuesday my face isn't as big though like
my body is it is full and I didn't
retain as much water this time around as
I did with Jackson last time around so
kind of crazy it's a good thing in mind
in my opinion but kind of kind of fun to
look back ok boys I got the camera on
we're doing our little bun take Sunday
why take Sunday what you do in he's
listen to his neck dancing hey Dad music
he's ever
Jackson can you dance you dance dress
legs hey you go love that sounds
beautiful ready for the best more like
he wants me to pick them up
that was beautiful all in the meantime
he opens at the licorice time oh that
was perfect my distraction there work
jack work well sure that was our plan
while you were upstairs doing your thing
Jax and I combined together and I said
I'm gonna play the ukulele and distract
mom while you get the licorice
look at him he like it's going to town
haha he is going to take one after
another okay I'm sorry
No oh he's not gonna happen you read
that one do you you can have a bite oh
you did have a bite daddy I'll give you
a bite there you go that's neat that is
awesome so we just turned on the global
the Academy Awards theatres the Oscars I
don't know what I talk about because we
usually don't watch the Oscars but if we
thought it would be fun to sit down and
actually turn the TV on and watch the
Oscars so that's some fun that we're
doing we don't watch I mean we watched
YouTube you guys know we watched YouTube
but we don't really watch TV unless we
have like the occasional show that we'd
like to watch
better call Saul for example is one of
them but we thought it the Modern Family
your honor families another one um we
thought it'd be fun to watch
because you know we're always looking
for movies to watch and if they have
good movies from here obviously they
yeah do I want to look at the make up I
want to look at the girls make up
that'll be and I think yeah if you find
some makeup that you like he'll probably
do some weird looks on your channels
yeah that would be what is yours mine
right rip it good job yes it's true the
Oscars are on tonight
and that is what we are watching and
Jackson obviously is not very happy
about that what she doesn't want to
watch them the Oscars always remind me
of college I had two roommates in
college who would always love watching
these movie shows award shows because
they were probably the biggest movie
buffs that I would know and it was cool
because they helped me look at movies in
a totally different way and I'm more
into like the approach to filmmaking the
things that go behind the movie to make
it what it is rather than just the what
the plot is so thank you Bryson and
Taylor for making me think of movies in
a different way but it's always cool
because you always hear about these
almost obscure movies that don't really
play out in the theaters all that much
here is gonna stand right now he's
cleaning huh yeah you're just kind of
caning me throws those teeth there's
just so many
oh yeah and just falling gum huh just
rolling gums are swollen
um but yeah what was I saying Breitbart
pregnancy brain I have major things
movie what about movies I feel next up
yeah sure what is it the flowers are
beautiful thank spelling this next segue
is over here the flowers that I got for
Ellie I I want to the clip when Jared
was editing it I was like people are
gonna think I've got excited I was like
Ellie had just woken up from a nap so
she was like zombie look I loved them I
was like just shocked I love don't you
pull doctor don't you pull it let go
doing it he's doing it Jackson I am NOT
oh yeah thank you
oh look give dad look good daddy
oh no wait should we do this okay so we
did this hurt I've got our spine first
we did this earlier
I gave Eliot kiss and Jackson was like
what I wanted on these kisses and they
were like trying to give us kisses but
he won't give a kiss
unless me unless someone initiates at
first look like he did it before you
even went for it too
section no to see that did you see there
ah Wow seriously it was the funniest
thing
Mia Jared R upstairs and it's I tell me
what you what your guys opinion is on
this or like I don't know just I guess
think to yourself I guess but growing up
I saw my parents be affectionate like my
mom would sell on my dad's lap my mom
would my mom and dad would kiss each
other they would make breakfast together
and they would like oh did he just kiss
each other did you spit up on your face
I just felt something super wet this
been a participant no probably just bad
rule
but they would kiss and they would I
don't know it was anything crazy but I
just I just noticed that about my
parents um parents don't be mad that I'm
going to say this but like people would
call and they beg hey is your mom home
I'm like no she's in the shower
and then they big oh well where is your
dad home I said no he's in the shower
and then it would be like an awkward
like oh okay never mind but it was like
that was normal to me like they would
take showers together they would like
they just so so that's like I want
Jackson to build to see that part of
Jared and I and last night Jere same
thing like Jerry and I were hugging and
kinda just like dancing a little bit and
we noticed the Jackson stop playing with
his toys crawled over to us and was just
staring at us and I was like I'm glad
that Jackson is starting from a young
age seeing that which is parents I don't
know
what do you think well it's funny
because my dad I mean my mom and dad
were very affectionate and I always saw
him kissing him and hugging and
everything but my dad is very private
uh-huh whenever he gets ready he shuts
the door whenever he's in the bathroom
he shuts the door and locks it like okay
dad we're not gonna walk in on you when
you're in the bathroom you know well
knock first but he still locks the door
just in case there's a sliver of
opportunity for someone to walk in well
that's that's a very modest and good
yeah it was very
but it's just I think it's a little
different because Ali and I and so young
whatever owns bathroom the door is wide
open welcome for anyone to walk in
Natalie we don't have too many visitors
yeah it's kind of weird when we have to
shut the door or even when I go to my
mom's house like there's many texts or I
just don't get it I don't close the door
I forget I got your mom's house I forget
to close the door sometimes and then
Bonnie walks in she's like actually
actually bonnie was going to the
bathroom once and Landon my
brother-in-law that's in medical school
right now Julie's husband he knocked on
the door and Bonnie was like hi sweetie
and he opened the door she was going to
the bathroom and Landon's like bodies
like like they probably thought of each
it was each other's spouses or maybe
Landon just wanted a wife yeah I don't
know either way we we've seen a lot of
art so we're watching the Oscars right
now my question for you tonight is do
you guys have a favorite movie from the
Oscars that you want to win best picture
or best actor and what should we watch
next like what movie should we watch
because Ellie and I are always looking
for movies and shows to watch when
Jackson goes to sleep so what do you
think we should watch I kind of want to
watch birdman' birdman yeah put a bird
on it put a bird on it um Birdman with
Michael Keaton that's it's probably a
very different movie but Dad I want to
see what Sophie's oh that was it very
nice
you rejected Sophie I'm gonna reject you
oh these ceilings honestly I'm either
I'm getting stronger these ceilings
they're getting lower because I worry
that he's gonna hit us Oh another
question speaking of ceilings Jax I'm
going to put you off Stephanie's I have
too many questions for them I want to
put a basketball hoop right here or
right here wouldn't that be so fun
where's the ball where's the ball and
then and then you could come over
you'd be like wait oh I can't do a 60
frames-per-second cuz we're on the other
camera I could convey like Oh or like or
like oh and slam dunk it that would be
cool
that's what I want to do I want to get a
little more I have to go there cause if
it quit here I would worry about
something hit that day there yeah maybe
we'll see and then you can do shots like
off here into the basketball hoop yeah
that's what I want to do yeah we'll see
oh but thank you guys so much for widest
got amber Savannah today's the video one
takes her outside it just totally cuz
you're scratch scratches fine and I kiss
really loud yeah your scruff scratches
I'll let you kiss me again I'm sorry one
takes her really hard because sometimes
it's like right for anything but thank
you guys so much for watching we hope
you have a good Sunday and we will see
you next millenium tomorrow oh I think
the Jo we're just joking around his
funny okay bye
member
