good morning guys I'm coming downstairs
wondering how breakfast has gone today
oops you did it again
you would think that I would learn my
lesson I'm just like I don't care it's
spill it spill he's gonna sit here and
eat he's gonna eat these Cheerios look
down here on the goon he did it
yesterday with my cocoa puffs I'm not as
mad today because it's not cocoa puffs
they're just they're just honey nut
cheerios the most healthy amazing cereal
that you could ever want
he's already and he's eating my
breakfast I fed Jackson breakfast before
L even woke up today he had a banana
he had toast and now he or he had some
of my cereal too and now he's munching
on mommy cereal making a mess so she
can't eat it but he still and I knew he
was gonna do it and they said naughty
like don't touch that and I pushed my
bull for it and he lunges forward just
like that bow for the bowl and just I
seriously like that happened again I
have to wash my robe like welcome to
Parenthood
I'm blue there he was doing so much
better
I know blew me out with Saturday chores
you guys scoot over and get your 9 1/2
and then he turns around and he'll look
at it and then he'll come back and try
and touch it
he's my little buddy he is my little
buddy no matter what I do he follows me
around
this culture here from done
and it's all thanks for helping me
thanks for helping me do the chores now
we'll take a nap okay yeah yeah let's go
take a nap
oh you're ready for nap can you lay your
head down Jackson how come you didn't
sleep you are so tired you say that's
your new little trick don't spit mr. t
go spits seeing this naughty you did 30k
I have a feeling jared is not gonna like
Jackson's new hairdo this morning I just
have a feeling he won't love it Ella
nice le just told me to stand in here in
the bathroom with my eyes closed and so
I been going on Jackson loves his hair
and I bet grandma sorry I'm all over the
place bye bye grandma and grandpa will
like his hair you like it yeah it's
curly it's got lots of curls curly look
at me mmmmmm um yeah it's curly I like
it should we start calling you curly Q I
like he has lots of wave in his hair
Jackson has a lot of wave in this hair
and he also has a lot of like uh like I
don't want to say red but he does have a
long I've got red and it's very warm
behind I get for today sure let's do it
we'll try something that's curly you
have curly hair yeah Oh doesn't care
ah what are we gonna do today let's have
some fun today that's what we're gonna
do today say cracker pecker
beca's hey guys I think you're gonna
come with me I have to go run a few
errands and I'm just gonna run upstairs
and let Ellee know and see where she's
doing oh the doors closed Jackson may
already be asleep I may have just made a
major bow bow huh
this door is closed - what the hello
hello nope no not in there we're in the
world
this doors closed - hello Shh oh there
you are
I thought Jackson was asleep I went
through like 5 doors looking for ya
you guys are just playing in here guys
can you believe it's snowing it's very
light now it was snowing earlier thank
you guys from the east you're finally
bringing your snow over this way
Fairlight yeah barely
we'll probably get some more snow
tonight I looked at the forecast when
there's like a 60% chance of snow then
crappy it really has and here's one
thing I remember from Finland when I
very first gotten to Finland it was
January and I remember all of the Finns
were apologizing to me that the winter
was so bad not that it was cold and too
much snow but that it wasn't cold and
that it wasn't snowy they're like I'm so
sorry this is such a bad winter to see
and I was like I will get with that I'm
fine with that
coz later it went to negative 40 degrees
and they're like this is a true winter
this is so great
yeah talk about cold right yeah but one
thing about Utah is weather is kind of
unexpected in April or May we'll
probably still have some snowfall can
you believe that most maybe than June
yeah I remember June first I was at BYU
and it's snowed yeah
June first I think it was like 2000
oh yeah it's really quick okay I'm gonna
go run some errands and I'm gonna bring
these guys with me kay okay okay I love
you listen milk milk and cheese we're
already out of milk again bye alrighty
ladies and gentlemen we are here at the
store ready to run errands but there's
one thing that we have to do very
important that's first look at all these
TVs okay I've got my fix now on a major
a very important business operation
mission mission is an effect one of my
biggest pet peeves when going grocery
shopping is the actual shopping cart
sometimes the cards do not go in the
direction that you want to and no matter
how hard you try they're always going to
turn and do like weird things but for
once I think in my entire lifetime I
finally got a car that stays true for
the most part watch this
look how good that is for a Walmart card
usually it turns a 90 degree angle the
instant you let go I'm pretty happy with
this one okay I've got just about
everything that I need on the list but
here's a tip for you guys out there do
you ever go grocery shopping by yourself
and you walk by the produce and you see
flowers they're just like this and you
think oh my significant other might like
that get those flowers because they're
not very much but they mean that much
more so I'm gonna get these flowers
right here for Ellie for no particular
reason just because I want to and it
will make her day yes I believe that
when you least think about flowers
that's definitely the time that you
should get flowers and it's a very very
small gesture but I really think she'll
like it a lot at least I hope so the
more spontaneous it is I think I think
it'll be better but tonight Ellie and I
are gonna have fun it's Saturday night
so we're just gonna be together and have
like a little fun date night tonight so
that's the plan I brought flowers we're
gonna probably like watch a movie have
some popcorn and make the most of our
weekend so nice of you
you're so beautiful like I'm smiling you
knew you're in on it were you in on it
they're actually from Jackson honey he
went got himself Thank You Jared I love
you too who smile like he was in on it
yeah oh did I kiss you
the Doudna have lipstick all over now
it's okay
is it is his lipstick thank you you're
welcome
so Aaron and I were just doing the
dishes after dinner and I thought I'd be
fun to put Jackson just like abdominal
dog playing in the background and she's
he's like totally into it he's totally
watching it
you like Donald Duck you watchin Donald
Duck that is so funny and we wouldn't do
this all the time it's just that we're
doing dishes together it's so cute look
Dodgers look at him just sit there on
the couch found on the ball well ladies
and gents it's about that time or not
again
well we had the log that was a terrible
accent I'm so sorry Jackie we got people
here checks it could you be a little bit
more appropriate there's thousands of
people watching maybe we should hey well
I thank so much for watching by the way
my feet hurts really bad today oh it's
still done I need to put some notes
print in it but it's it's okay thank you
for all the cute well wishes mm-hmm yes
thank you thank you to everyone who
commented for the first time ever there
was a bunch of you guys I think we have
over 2500 comments on the video today
Jared took like two hours and he likes
you're like I keep commenting they
refresh it and there's like yeah that
was a new comment since I couldn't keep
up with the comments at all so thank you
for making my job fun and exciting um
guys thank you so much for this
wonderful opportunity that we have it's
so much fun to do what we do every
single day and it's because of you guys
that we can do it have a wonderful
weekend Ellie and I are going to spend
the rest of the weekend watching a movie
together as soon as Jackson goes to bed
we've got all the essentials we've got
popcorn
we've got Oreos we've got a movie we got
tap on them we got chocolate milk we've
got everything you need for a successful
movie Matt so we'll see you guys next
decade have a wonderful day bye
by travelpod member
