good morning from the Meachem households
we have already had a rough morning
guess what hi yes I not you you already
had your breakfast was was sitting down
and I was eating my cereal and look what
happened
no that is not poop ladies and gentlemen
that is my cocoa puffs the last bowl of
cocoa puffs there was only one go left
and this guy decided to dump it
everywhere as part of waking up cereal
everywhere seriously I was like I was
like I
I really got mad I just want to cry I
think that's my bread well not just your
cocoa puffs my robe
yeah like in my leather couch okay baby
and what was funny is when is Phil
Jackson like result like he made a spill
and then everyone even him was like this
song had his hand up he was like sorry
what right oh you're gonna clap your
hands for that you're gonna pop your
hands for that I spilled everywhere see
that's the thing about messes though
they can be cleaned up okay Jackson
clean it up
good morning you guys holy cow you look
great you look a little different
oh my gosh and you feel a little bit
lighter too I don't think you guys oh oh
you are so rude don't say that to are
yours you're small your lens is small
and your quality sucks if you guys can't
already tell our battery died on her old
camera and I may or may not have left
did you just cut your finger oh my gosh
oh are you okay oh my gosh
are you okay don't make it too hot
oh my gosh are you all right oh do we
have like no so I don't want to look at
it I'm getting some uniform okay I've
got the purse ap I don't even dare look
at it you want me to look at it well I
looked at and I can't tell if it's my
fingernail like wait look how it's not
that it's at the very tip of your finger
here no it's like in my feet it cut my
fingernails right yeah so you see your
fingernail and then there's no I'm so
lovely well you know what it is you are
telling our viewers that they weren't
looking too pretty and this is karma
it's still recording sorry guys
are you okay I do we need to go to get
stitches or anything you think I I can't
talk this is I don't think we have any
neosporin Jared
oh look at that yeah let me take a look
that's not - it's okay it was just a
charade at night so really her it wasn't
a clean cut well so you've got to
cleaned off easy that guy's it was a
serrated knife so it wasn't like a clean
cut oh it's okay I got it but that is
pretty flappy like that's pretty damning
like it went all the way to right
fingernail like like totally those blade
I totally went through careful okay let
me see your finger that really is like
kind of deep let me sit the whole top
away
try it off and hold it tight okay are
you all right yeah that was it just my
gosh it looks painful well it is like
look like the knife it was like the
serrated knife and it just so it burns
it wasn't clean cut like it just went
through oh shit I am so sorry
oh that it burns well we've got y'all
taken care of I've got all the first-aid
kit right here if we need to go get
stitches we'll totally do that you don't
think it's that bad yeah it just hurts
I'm so sorry
are you getting all the towels out yeah
so here's my explanation of why that
just happened I was giving you guys
compliments I would say you guys are so
beautiful you're so light and you know
and easy in the arms now he's like and
that's when you get cut with a finger
laughs I have sheet bitch don't I don't
you fail she pit
I'm totally kidding no guys I was
talking to you but not you you're
talking to the camera the camera not the
viewer we're sorry
it's okay is it really your middle
finger haha
oh well like I was saying the battery
died in our old camera I think I left it
at Ellie's parents house and so we can't
charge the camera so we're going back to
the Canon s110 for a little bit at least
until we can get the other charter back
so we may have had an accident but we're
getting better and things are going good
okay show us buddy show us milk can you
milk look at his hand look at look at
the Samson milk say milk
Jackson totally like sweet fun doing
little signs here and there but Jackson
was drinking his milk and Jared goes are
you drinking your milk and Jackson put
his milk down and wet and started doing
with his life yawns singing it like he
even was trying to sing like he's
squeezing his bottle milk I say is it no
you say no oh yeah oh you can just spit
it all over the place is what you're
doing that's what you're doing silly
pants okay oh my gosh Jackson no where's
it coming from I thought he was drinking
he's got like an endless supply in his
mouth Jared and I are heading into
Lowe's we have to go grab a hook right a
hanger we have to do get a drywall
anchor okay will them actually okay so
we have to go get a few things to hang
up Jared ukuleles in the little office
room but I've been talking a lot lately
like - Jared we've just been talking I
mean we talk all time about like our
future in our lives and when we get a
dog in a house and in a second car and
on that second dog and then and then of
the third and fourth kid you know stuff
like that but we've just been talking
and it's gonna be really fun and you
guys are going to see a whole nother
side of us the day that we do have our
own house like a dog because it's just
that that's what I did growing up it was
like yard work house work like that
that's just what you do and so I'm just
really excited for the day that that
does happen because you'll just be able
to see you like a different side of us
like we'll be out in the yard and the
kids will be playing in the dirt and
we'll be picking weeds and like that's
what we'll do most of the summer so I
don't know it's just kind of fun coming
into loves thinking of what may be here
in a year or two what life will be like
he's son should go play I'm gonna put
you down so now he doesn't hear you
would like he's like no no no hold on
hold on okay let's go play let's go
Jackson just woke up let me see your
hair from a three-hour nap it was almost
like three and a half hours actually got
wasted lung does that hair represent a
three and a half hour now
that now I think so I think so hey and
the Jackson was opening his mouth more
today his gums are totally swollen he's
totally getting those canines in so he
probably would have a much-needed nap
much-needed play yeah one two three
you're so cute jared has been getting it
the little office ready and I don't want
to show too much of me it's not like we
have a whole ton of stuff in here but I
wanted to do like a little like room
tour for like my vanity part and the
stuff that we've hung up but Jerry's
just working on getting a couple things
hung up we have his desk here all kind
of scattered around but I'm excited my
dad gave us a really good idea what we
could do with something that involved
you guys and so we're on the lookout to
purchase a map and so I'm leaving you
okay goodbye
I'm leaving you for my ukulele you leave
me Jackson's going down the stairs we're
just up here talk to you guys go away
but we're on offer on the hunt for a
world map and so that's what we're gonna
put above Jared's desk but let's go play
jacks I'll follow you
I'll follow you huh
can you shot your bum now I see you huh
uh-huh no I see you huh another cracker
hey cookie not really cookie ha whoops
jell-o cracker
my poor band-aid Jared you may have to
you may have to do the dishes tonight
oh speaking of dishes um someone
commented the other day that Ike if you
use your dishwasher yet I have not used
my dishwasher in this house and in our
old apartment we only use the dishwasher
for a month we used it for a month and
though
never mind as though I'm weird a little
bit I'm weird but with how many dishes
we actually use sometimes it's not worth
it because you just yeah you know you
just have a few of them so this is
faster to get them done Mike I just like
to get them done and have it be done and
clean I don't know I'm kind of weird
well there's a little sneak peek of my
side of the room I just finished putting
up the ukuleles and I think they look
pretty good I think it's definitely a
good position good placement a good spot
for my ukuleles to rest when they're
sheathed and I'm not wielding them as my
axe which ukuleles they're not really
considered an axe you know those are
like electric cars like what are you
talking about what do you mean your
computer you're saying oh it's you're so
pink it's beautiful
um it's just like a cool terminology
that guitar players use track you would
you wouldn't know le you don't play
guitar
I don't what do you guys want to see my
first purchase for baby Kate yes ooh
it's a mine cake blanket cool I've
opened up yet some kind of way in
baguette and I see you've gotten an
elephant on it is that by choice or is
that the only design they had was by
choice cuz I thought it was cute it is
cute and I like it very much well I've
got to get Jackson out of the room
because there are very sharp materials
in here oh that was more worried about
the budget than I am the tools yeah so
but I think that's gonna be it for the
vlog today guys we had a wonderful day
together and it's the freakin weekend
babe I'm about to have me some fun I'm
not very big boom yeah we're gonna go
watch a movie once Jackson's down for
bed and what are you guys doing on the
weekend leave a comment down below what
you guys are doing oh and here's another
thing here's one thing that I wanted to
do it's like a little experiment I want
everyone who's watching right now who
just watches who doesn't ever leave
comments to leave a comment down below I
am a silent YouTube watcher I rarely
leave comments on any videos that I
watch but over play this weekend we were
talking with everyone we're like if
you're just watching a video then you're
not really contributing to anything else
said yeah that's was jasoh and I was
just like huh that's me I don't do any
of that so I have a challenge for you
guys if you just watch and you don't
ever leave comments just say something
down below it doesn't matter what it is
just say something oh like yeah long
time watch your first time commenter or
something like that I just didn't
curious to see who watches without
leaving comments my guitar this is let
me get relieved either you're Hugh he's
good to just pluck the strings though I
mean he could be pulling that guitar
awful thing yeah you're good he knows
better okay guys thank you so much for
watching we will see you guys next year
