well good morning to you guys this is
what our mornings usually look like I
Jackson is taking his first nap I just
got done getting ready using my new
little vanity and Jared is over there
working on the vlog working on emails
and Jackson actually I think I'm gonna
take him to the doctor today he doesn't
have a fever he doesn't have a runny
nose he has a very mild cough I noticed
last night in the middle of the night he
was coughing quite a bit but I just I
feel like he's just not himself I feel
like he's been very kind of upset and
whiny and that's not him that's not his
normal self and it's been going on for
quite a few days so I'm just gonna take
him in just to rule out any ear
infection anything that the doctor might
think he has just because we did just
get back from Florida and he was around
a lot of germs so let's go to the
doctors
ah jack3d you got it what do you got
he's watching the movie and he has all
the toys he could ever want and a
cucumber that's pretty cool how do you
feel about being 24 pounds huh how do
you feel about that you look Juncker and
he's trying to climb yep and he's in it
he is in the doctors offices drawer this
is what yeah I talking about to you
this is what Jackson does a home in the
kitchen but I have that drawer
designated for him if he wants to play
with the stuff in it but I guess he
likes to actually get in it he is like
full-blown in this and there's little
toys in here for kids as well we're
gonna do like wipe up your hands and get
you out I think the doctor is gonna be
in any minute but Jackson is 24 pounds 9
ounces and so far is looking really good
hi you mischievous boy and boys I was
trying to pick Jackson today you win my
combs you do your hair look at all these
pics you have belly well I am a
hairstylist what up what up
Jackson is guess what the doctor said he
said you're the cutest thing he ever saw
and he said that Jackson is teething his
canines and his molars are swollen and
so he thoughts probably why he's just
cranky but he said that everything looks
fine his ears look good as breathing
looks good so you're just a little
teaser right now I'm glad that I got it
checked I honestly just knew that we had
just gotten back from Florida and I I
would hate for him to have had like an
ear infection and me just like ignore us
so I'm glad I got it checked out but
good news he's brushing his teeth he is
learning how to brush he loves brushing
his teeth actually I brushed him every
night when I'm sure that feels pretty
good on the back molars and yeah and
also Joel just texted Jared and said he
said Sam's Club 12 o'clock noon be there
or be square and we don't want to be
square and I would never say no to
dollar-fifty hot
pop combo so I'm gonna be there hit to
be square to hit to be square to hip to
be square and so it begins son oh and
there's my shoes oh my gosh I think
you're so cute I just don't even care
and I'm just too tired to care oh I am
I'm so tired today ie Baby Cakes is very
tired and I'm tired my eyes are tired I
will take care of you today
okay I will I'll let you hold him cuz
holding him at the doctor's I was like
oh I'm done but I know I shouldn't
complain soon there was like cute
mommies there with like all of their
kiddos and I was just like but yeah I'm
just excited I think I'm famished I
think I need to go eat guess what
if you scream you get what you want
say hi friend are we having a lunch date
cousin lunch date yeah he's so happy now
Cody what did you tell me when you saw
me you don't show me something
show me where did you get your shoes
the mailman the mailman gave me the
shoes I think that's nice at the mailman
of them I want the mailman to bring the
little bit of earrings and gloves and
enlighten us all okay I didn't know this
for the longest time these are both size
five this one is little movers and this
one is snug and dry both Huggies both
Huggies they are both thirty-nine ninety
eight this one has one hundred and
twenty-four and this one here's one
hundred and fifty-six that's a lot more
libraries always try to find this leg
enjoyment will slap you sideways and
call me Stewie that's ridiculous we're
not buying a size six
today we're buying a size five because
he's in a size five and you got the last
 dress oh you did I think it's
safe to say that I was inspired
yesterday after going to see Casey
levears movie premiere and so Joel and I
we're going to hit up the shooting range
we're gonna shoot the the 12-gauge but
Joel actually brought his rifle so I
think you know we might play around with
that a little bit but I'm pretty excited
about that
so we're practicing we're getting ready
to go so Casey maybe next time we do
this you'll come with us and maybe you
know we will all go shooting together I
think it'd actually be pretty cool if
Casey and I went toe-to-toe at the
shooting range just you know trap shoot
and see you see you know out of 25 well
we'd get so maybe that's a challenge
Casey I challenge you to a duel
best out of 25 and trap shooting your
place or mine it doesn't matter let's do
it go toe-to-toe on the shooting range
of course the day that I challenged KC
to a duel on the shooting range I have
my worst round of probably my entire
life even my very first round play
shooting I did not do as bad as I just
did I think I got like 14 tops that's
tops that's alright I got 21 so holy cow
holy cow okay round two I've got to
redeem myself
guys I think KC's already in my head he
hasn't even accepted the challenge and
he's messing with my brainwaves right
now it's crazy
I shot 20 out of 25 Joel got 18 but
you're the winner of today you got 21 on
the first round so maybe you in case he
should go up he's he's messing with my
brain already I don't know if I can
handle this this the pressure is too
much already
alright we just finished with our rifle
shooting and this is the first time I've
ever shot 270 is that what is it ever
dgeren look at that oh wow that's not
bad that's a good grouping that's a
hundred yards that's great that's not
bad so what you did good too I can see
that one in the scope but I couldn't see
the other one yeah dude
we're good I'll take that I'll take that
any day that's a pretty good grouping
right there Wow hey guys nothing a
nine-block pattern that's tight that's
so cool
someone left a comment awhile ago saying
hey does Jared ever cook at home and to
be honest I don't really cook all that
often because Ellie is that much better
at it than I am but I do cook sometimes
especially when Ellie's gone Ellie is
out and about with some friends right
now so I thought this would be the
perfect opportunity for me and Jackson
to cook dinner tonight like I said
earlier I'm gonna try and take care of
Ellie tonight so I am cooking dinner
although I'm not a very good cook all
right but if I have a recipe to follow
and ingredients for me it just makes it
that much easier and I can do it myself
or with a cooking buddy right Jackson
should we cook dinner tonight so to make
it easier for me I actually ordered some
food from blue apron and they shipped it
right to my house and the cool thing is
they actually ship fresh ingredients
that is actually pre measured and
pre-cut and pre ready for Awesomeness so
all I really have to do is follow the
recipe that they have included so
tonight on the menu we have Chinese
barbecue beef skewers and doesn't that
look delicious I hope mine turns out as
good as that luxe Ellie is home and she
has saved the day I can cook in peace
and quiet while she watches Jackson
thank you so much take a bath so check
this out this is what I have going on
here guys I've got my ingredients right
here everything is set ready to go I've
got my skewers there I've got rice
cooking here it smells really good I
love that
are you glad that I'm cooking you this
meal yeah I'm excited
I honestly think like this is going to
turn out really cool I wish you guys
could smell how good it smells in here I
just pulled out the skewers and they
look cooked to perfection oh my gosh I
am so excited to eat this guy's and just
like that less than 30 minutes later
dinner is served
oh my gosh doesn't that look so good I
am nervous but I'm excited because like
I said I don't really cook all that
often but I want to make it really good
for Elia and I'm gonna leave a good
impression on her but we've got these
beef skewers we've got jasmine rice
we've got a guy lon I think is what it's
called and this cool little mixture here
is a barbecue peanut butter dipping
sauce so that's what we've got going on
here fresh ingredients delivered right
to your door I didn't even have to go to
the grocery store I don't have to go
anywhere to make this okay Ellie you can
come in now do you want me to tell you
the secret yes
no matter what you could it's gonna be
better than the two baths I just gave
Jackson did you tell them
two baths I didn't even tell them no why
don't you tell them Jackson pooped in
the tub no one even though oh my gosh
okay feast your eyes now this was
different
but that looks good is like can I put
the article right yeah sure you can do
whatever you want does it smell good it
smells really good
I'm anxious for you to try it so let's
yeah let's sit down and have dinner that
is that's a peanut butter barbecue
dipping sauce um for my cookies for your
steak yeah that's crazy that's like
dessert what's the verdict I really do
like it this is different it's kinda
yeah it's a different kind of like it's
not lettuce it's a guy lawn or guy LAN
or something
how's the meat stew but the meat and the
rice are really good good I'm so glad I
was really nervous but honestly the meat
is really good I did you put in the red
pan no I put in
actually it was in the oven yeah so
that's a blue apron meal for you guys
it's really cool it didn't take very
long it shipped free to my door if
you're interested blue apron actually
has a sweet promo going on right now the
first 100 people who click the link down
below will get their first two meals for
free I think that's pretty sweet
I really liked it they have lots of
different things to choose from
this looked appetizing to me so I chose
it and it's good well guys I think it's
that time of the night that we are going
to end the vlog and I'm not gonna live
today it's been a really hard day for me
I feel like I've been walking around
like a zombie all day I feel like my
eyes are this big I'm just exhausted
today has been and it's not like we
haven't even done anything crazy but I
just am tired so I think I'm going to go
to bed Jared I'm sorry I'm gonna leave
you but you're gonna work come on leave
me I'll do the dishes though cuz you
made dinner don't you ever leave me okay
I'll just leave til I can't sleep okay
so we will see you guys next month
