we're late we're late we're late for a
very important date we're late we're
late for a very important date guitar
star again I won't be mad I will be
happy and positive guys we are late
because we are trying to get out of the
house we have to go pick up our car
because we got the brakes checked we got
an overall check done on the car we've
got to go take Bonnie and Joel's truck
back to their house we've got to drive
all the way to Ellie's parents house
then we've got a drive to Salt Lake City
Utah we've got to go to a movie premiere
Ellie we've got so many things to do
today and we're very very busy aren't we
Jackson are we Jackson and you're very
very happy wait a second he's like a
little magician you are so cute roll the
intro
any day any time yep cameras rolling yep
how much fun to be a blast
the plots we had a super 25 millimeter
film yeah about 2.5 minutes guys did you
know that we're digital we have digital
videos now we're not using film anymore
did you know that I just got off the
phone with my cousin and my cousin and I
just have gone through very similar
situations a lot of you guys know that I
served a mission for my church in
Finland and that I also had total
reconstructive hip surgery a lot of you
may not know is that I came home from a
mission to have reconstructive surgery
and I couldn't really walk so that's
that's why I came home it was really
hard for me to make that decision and to
come home because that is something that
I had really wanted to do was spend two
years in Finland and be with the people
of Finland Finns I grew to love them and
their culture and their language and
their food everything
I love so much and I still feel a part
of that inside of me that love but what
I went through was a trial something
that was hard for me to go through and
I've said it a million times before but
it just is another reiteration it's a
testimony to me that we go through the
trials that we go through for a reason
and I believe and I know that the trials
that we go through and that experiences
we go through we can handle the trials
that we go through don't define you but
how we overcome those trials that's what
defines you and I just I felt almost
like inspired just to say that again
because I know there are people every
single day who are going through
who are going through more than they
stick they can handle
but you have to know that you can't
handle it and you can't do it because
once you do what you become and how
you've changed you become so much bigger
and stronger and you can help other
people do that same thing and I'm sorry
I'm getting so emotional I just feel so
strongly about it
that's my soapbox and that's such for
you guys today I'm sorry it's kind of
embarrassing sometimes I get emotional
but when you feel so passionately about
things sometimes you have those
reactions
grandma I blame you for this my grandma
she's the reason that guy so much but
it's true here I get this awesome
inspiring speech and I for Jackson to
sleep
people would feel that message I'd be so
inspired to do bacon great pigs I guess
some people just don't appreciate so I
am disappoint I feel I love making the
drive that we do between our house and
your parents house because we get to see
mountains like oh they're so beautiful
and I'm excited today do you want to
know why I'm excited today why do you
want to know yeah because you finally go
to get to go to my cat's fur store today
and you know what's getting sucked is if
they don't have any Breedlove guitars I
will be so disappointed if they don't
have an agreed love guitar cry I'm gonna
take a guitar and I'm going to slam it
down to do and then I'm gonna cry again
he says I'm walking around Target I have
this little ball that I found that if
you hit it it sparkles and seriously
Jackson loves it like this is
entertaining him the whole time look at
it look at it polo
guess what I wanted to go to the office
supplies place and it is over there and
I ended up from the cosmetics yo that
you just happen to be in the I just
ended up over here I ain't ready to go
to the home I know I was telling them
that it sparkles and it like it's been
entertaining him the whole time that's
awesome I like living on the edge
jelly we're living on the edge right now
we are dangerous people I don't like it
let's hurry to a gap we are three I have
no idea we are we could be we could run
outta gas at any second any second this
car could not move and that is not what
we're taught to do you should never let
it go under half ever oh man I am living
on the edge right now my adrenaline but
I don't know what to do with my hands
what if we run out of gas Ellie what if
we run out of gas what are we gonna do
what are we gonna do a home run that's
gonna really stink is on my dad's gonna
have to drive over and give us a bucket
of gasoline or there's creepers gasps oh
don't run out of gas come on blue Bessie
that's I just need her cards blue Bessie
oh my goodness I hope we make it
Dease now that you guys smell that
baby no guitar guitars that is happiness
look at all of these beautiful guitars
that is a full row of Martens those are
tailors and Gibson's and oh man I'm in
heaven right now
well we've just got to keep looking
around I have wanted a breedlove guitar
since I was probably 12 years old
oh man they're just the most beautiful
instruments Breedlove is where it's at
you just walked up the stairs
no back down there's no keeping this kid
up here he knows the toy closet is
downstairs okay guys I think Jackson is
staying home with Grandpa yes you heard
that right with Grandpa I was going to
KZ levears movie premiere I was gonna
say we've got some good news and bad
news is we made it to Grandma and
Grandpa's house bad news is grandpa and
watch acts and all by himself
yeah bad news grandmas at home grandpa
will do a great job huh huh how do you
hold the baby all right see he's smiling
he's not so you can burp in change his
diaper and hold him all in one
yep look at his goofy little smile
totally out of focus there we go did you
go riding around like this huh
he was learning to slap her like if you
just go to the steakhouse they'll be all
right okay get some dinner tonight
hey you two behave grandma will be home
soon bye bye
he'll be I think grandpa already has it
under control or it is Jackson in the in
the master chair it's pretty nice too
grandpa of Grandpa to let you in his
chair he's an alpha male
roller coaster okay you guys have fun
Jared and I are going to Casey levears
movie premiere like I said 100 times
which Rajal and a Bonnie are coming with
us I thought I invited Joe and Bonnie to
come with us I think especially Joel
would like it you a lot of the same
interests
I felt it is my man yes let's go maybe
any excuse I have to slap on a lot more
eyeshadow and lipstick I will do it so
this is like the best day ever
she just have a date with Jared and my
sister but look at this it's really a
time to think about it look well yeah
we are at this before we go down
okay Jared Joel well Joel just did one
side like it was really quick too so I'm
pretty sure I'm going hey try the cherry
stem and a knot with your tongue
ready go
who's the better kisser Jared
or Jolie
good job Jared you're good too look how
big these things are the stem sure yeah
yeah our Civic I was your first one nice
the moment has arrived we made it and I
think we're probably a little bit early
that's okay there you have it ladies and
gentlemen the hush film party so how do
you guys think that the premiere
antibody and Joel Clayton see you guys
I'm Kaylee was amazing she's a sweetie
yes she is
do you like the movie how was the movie
guys Hayley Hayley was so sweet to us it
was good it was super good bye I liked
the movie and all I can think about now
is how I want Casey to take me hunting
and I want to feel like kneel down and
put his arm round but it's true like
it's so exciting you get so excited when
they have like these amazing on that and
it's just like part of me is like holy
cow they are out there for 27 days
straight and they finally get that deer
or that buck or a bowl or whatever it's
pirate yeah it totally is and I mean if
you think about it if something were to
ever happen in the world and we had to
go get food you want to be friends with
Casey levere because he wouldn't get
food you know why because it's just a
whole nother means of providing for your
family
really cool I thought it was so fun
seeing everybody we met and saw a lot
more people than we expected we saw a
lot of viewers which was really fun we
got to talk with peace again and Logan
and my dog Hong he's the best he's my
favorite he was wearing a bow tie
tonight he wore a bow tie it was funny
but so handsome
it was fun talking to everyone but I
think that is the more we underwrite
here I think it's the vlog for today
guys thanks so much for watching have a
wonderful evening and Ellie as always we
will see you guys next week
