Jackson
good morning here is the situation the
situation is Jared and I are the most
tired parents ever
I thought you were gonna say situation
because I have my towel on and I'm
trying no no we're not the most tired
parents ever but the past two nights
little Jackson is uncontrollable he I
can no I don't know what's wrong unless
I'm holding him he's okay at night and
honestly usually when he's teething he's
like this but he's more controllable and
he usually has snot and already knows
and whatnot but he has no snot he
doesn't have a fever he seems fine but
he just cries huh so in the middle of
the night he'll wake up so last night
the first half of the night I sat in the
rocking chair with him and then the last
half of the night jared sat on the
rocking chair with him and I honestly
his teeth do look a little swollen his
gums so I think maybe he is getting a
few more teeth but this time he's just
not snotty and drooly so hopefully that
will pass usually it's just three or
four days and then he seems fine and
then here in a couple weeks it'll be
another three or four days I'm tell
probably Elvis teeth come in but the
situation is we were going to do a
different type of vlog today we were
going to do a day in the life of a
one-year-old because Jackson is going to
walk soon he is walking now with his
feet in hands rather than his knees and
hands we will try and get it on film
today but I wanted to capture him just
doing what he does when he crawls rather
than just when he walks you know so we
tried to do it today we got a whole
bunch of clips and the GoPro didn't
quite work out so we're gonna wait and
do it a day where we can plan a little
better so it's really good for you guys
so on with the regular vlog and there he
is
three hours later I'm just finishing up
my lunch and I just looked on the little
monitor and Jackson is now standing up
like he he took a three-hour nap and of
course he did because he was so tired he
didn't even sleep but like seriously oh
my goodness I can't wait to go kiss him
I was like can he wake up yet it's been
like over three hours what are you doing
you'll have to speak up I have a headset
on this is the most amazing thing and
I'm sorry hey are you working or hardly
working I'm hardly working I'm gonna be
honest I'm not working right now because
I'm playing a video game and eating
lunch Ellie got me these headphones for
streaming purposes but the coolest thing
about them is you can't hear any of the
game going on right now because they're
through this like listen can you guys
hear it here I don't know a little the
game the game is playing through here so
like my other one that I have for twitch
streaming but this one's like heavy duty
twitch streaming is going to go through
the roof with these thank you this is my
Valentine's Day gift
um the vanity and I got this thank you
I'm excited because we have a lot of fun
things that we want to get for the room
to hang up on the wall so I'm pretty
excited about that and I have two
conference calls today that I'm gonna do
so I'm excited so that's what I'm gonna
do okay you go stream seriously the
streaming thing is really fun for sure
you guys have made a fun friend because
he thinks it's really fun to stream
while we can talk to everyone cuz let's
just be real I don't really talk well
eastery if you're talking about here
yeah okay
kkkkk good job good morning Starshine
the earth says hello he's like dude I
just woke up
mm-hmm you know a three hour nap and
he's still very sad yeah what do you
think buddy Jackson he's like do you see
that stare in his his facial expressions
are my favorite guys being married to
Ellie
you learn a lot of things and one of
those things that I've learned that I
actually really like is that having a
clean house clean environment makes me
happier and so that's exactly what I'm
doing right now is I'm cleaning the car
we spent a lot of time at the cutback in
so loud I'm sorry if you can't hear me
we spent a lot of time in the car so I'm
getting it cleaned Ellie spent some time
earlier today getting things taking out
of the car you know stuff we don't need
but I'm getting the car wash and I'm
gonna vacuum it here in a little bit
just because it feels good to have clean
cars clean homes and I love that Ellie
has taught me that and it's I it's very
beneficial to me so I am grateful for
Ellie for teaching me that and I'm
trying to be a lot better at keeping our
house our place are our lives clean so
we can be happy and what what's the best
part about getting the car wash
I was nothing had
I know that's totally shaycarl thing to
do but I think it's a lot of fun and the
kids love it too and I take them out to
do all righty now that the cars washed
we've got to get it back you see doesn't
that feel so much better already
we're all done the car is clean and
vacuumed the house is cleaned and
vacuumed now we don't even have to worry
about anything that is the nice thing
about it it's all clean you don't have
to worry everything is ready to go oh
and one more very important thing you
can't forget you can't forget it the air
freshener ah smells so good what is it
we've got the new car smell
mmm everyone turn on your smellivision
can you smell it was that so good is
that so good we're gonna put it right
here so it will flow through the car
okay here's an update I'm the biggest
idiot in the world that you guys can see
behind me the trunk is still open and I
didn't vacuum in it I was just about to
back up and I was like oh what's that
blue thing in my way I can't see oh it's
the trunk that I forgot to vacuum in
close be right back I'm gonna vacuum
that real quick hey Jackson you have all
the fruit in the world that you could
ever want this we've been looking at
checks and look we've got so much fruit
for you to choose from
he's hungry furs and bananas we've got
to get him now he's like I just felt
lunch too okay well he's getting bananas
and we were getting all stocked up on
fruit this week
that's you're so much fruit this we did
yeah I feel pretty proud of ourselves
because we ate tons of fruit this week
Aaron I realized I was like oh I need to
buy more than one gallon of milk at a
time Jared I don't know too much milk
but now that Jackson is on whole milk he
is hugging machine well I've been
drinking a ton of chocolate cone dogs
they are so good for me
you eat a winter hat here when the cold
eat him when the fresh eat him when
they're old he like the ball buddy he
liked playing with the ball he just woke
up from a good nap dinger oh look what
oh my gosh did you see that only he just
did it
he's walking oh you're like a little
bear he's Baloo the bear and that was
really funny
come here can you get the ball can you
do it okay oh he's like no I'm just
gonna stand up now
you can't move his right foot that's so
awesome
you do overtime overtime come on Betty
oh and he's like nope I'm hungry I want
some food that was seriously like the
cutest thing ever okay it's like yeah
come on buddy let's see it again
nope that was so perfect
that was amazing he was doing he'd like
more than just one step this morning
this morning he was like he was doing
like walking with it oh that's so cute
little bear cub little bear cub what are
we making for dinner tonight huh roast
beef and Jackson has potatoes and
carrots we've got some roast beef and
some animal
roast beef sandwiches that's the coolest
thing is leftovers days you've got so
many look at how much we've got leftover
thank you for being such an amazing cook
thanks to let me take a nap oh you're
welcome got me well Jackson and Ellie
just took a really good nap
gotcha like we're all energized are
ready to go but I'm gonna catch up on
The Bachelor tonight wait look
wave bye-bye say goodbye say bye bye ah
spino bye bye I've come upstairs to end
the vlog oh is that's what you've done
yes sir Jackson his head of he looks so
cute and cuddly he's all lotioned up and
ready for bed he looks so cuddly I just
got done a few people from my church
came over to visit with me and we were
just talking and the whole conversation
ended up be was it about YouTube it was
about yeah we talked about you two but
we talked about PCOS and postpartum
depression and you know what we were
talking about a little bit of my story a
little bit of one girl's story another
girl's story and I don't know as we were
sitting talking I just once again I feel
like Jared and I don't express enough
appreciation towards you guys because it
all started out with us and our
infertility journey and I don't know I
just feel really grateful tonight and I
there are so many people out there
you'll have different stories whether it
be kids whether it be family issues
whether it be spouses shoes parent
issues whether it be no issues at all
there's just a lot of people out there
watching us and supporting our family so
really appreciate everybody for watching
today
and I'm really grateful for my boys
thanks it's really special thank you and
I'm really grateful for Baby Cakes it is
it is true though every day we need to
say how grateful we are for what we do
and the support that we have so thank
you guys for your support
and we love you and we're grateful for
you Jackson you're the cure okay Jax say
rawr rawr see you later
alright okay
see you guys later bye
