come over here Jackson huh did Jackson
come to see your Kate yes good morning
everyone we made a long drive to come
visit my brother all the boys are going
to build Kate my cute little niece a
swing set and Jackson is loving having
this full yard to crawl in he's going
crazy
one day one day we'll buy a house and
Jackson will have a big yard to play in
and actually Jaron I've been talking
about a house lately so maybe here in a
year and a half by a howl
kay is getting a little brother do you
guys remember what your little brother's
name is hey baby Henry do you guys
remember that so beau my brother is
getting surgery on both of his knees and
so all my siblings came we have treats
galore we're all just sitting and
talking and the boys are building a
swing set the girls are talking and the
kids are playing like how perfect is
that but this is the swing set that
they're building and how is it going
boys good we just
okay the cement later the cements laid
some dirt is being thrown on it and dirt
on it listen dirt on it put a bird on it
cuz put a bird in it and then throw some
dirt on it no no no no don't do that
yeah come on pick a bigger load than
that oh good work they don't trust me
with a normal sized shovel so I just cuz
I guess I'm not bad enough jeans skinny
shoveling skinny jeans skinny shovel
matches the style I guess well looks
really good I love it you grab a catch
you in the dirt I love it look at that
same exact dirt mom i'ma push you down
oh I think it's a cookie it's an Oreo
you having fun with Grandpa I don't know
if you've ever been up this high in the
air before yeah I used to the altitude
out there are ya grandpa do you want to
see what Jackson looks like when he's
about to fall yeah
good boy this is where the fun really
begins we brought out the blowtorch
let's make it happen guys wait a second
wait a second 60 frames per second
so we're all here helping you this
winter we're going
so what is really having an
oh you're you're right behind me I was
40 segs
best McKinney injury
Cassie Cassie there we go
everybody right and there's no mark
yesterday I don't know what I'm gonna go
to that game we missed it you missed he
got three more to do that finally got it
out wait there the screw is just stuck
in there so we had to get some heat to
loosen up a okey Co all right so when I
do an
I have enough reaction times to tell my
life
the shop yeah and so basically what
happens is I come down like this ah well
don't hurt yourself well it's my boots
go up into my armpits oh man I just
haven't looked a little bit well I saw
him and he landed and he just rolled up
into a ball and just like a roll and so
we're here helping Bo build the swing
set because he basically is like both of
his knees are shot he has to go have
surgery on Friday so we're here to help
yeah torn complete chair of the MCL
complete chair of the ECL torn meniscus
on both legs meniscus is on both way oh
man
and he's still walking around like like
I thought if I didn't know I would have
had no night no idea so you're a trooper
for everyone in the comments down below
Sabo good luck with surgery hope you
feel better and if you want to send them
flowers his address is I just gotta get
that how cute are you guys are you guys
freezing cold Oh cousin thing and now
being best friends you guys are so cute
that's naughty don't spit don't spit Oh
Jack's a new joy spit Oh Jack yang don't
use fit don't spit oh and here it begins
oh there are two things that are certain
in life death and taxes and we are about
to come face to face with one of them
and we are gonna die after that fireball
are you ready for this Ellie yeah I am
kind of nervous but it's also good to
get it done that's why I'm looking
forward to is when we are done just it's
done the appointment is done and over
with it's always sick worse than a
dentist I know right oh man but on a
side note we have an awesome um design
coming your way
yes I wanna see it dad we're in luck
we were talking about designs for you
know our logo
everything and I think dad had a stroke
of genius so thank you very much this is
gonna this is gonna be our new logo what
do you guys think
can you see okay but it connects it
looks tasty to me wait a second where do
you think you're going you know what
what don't think that stinks about
family vlogging is that she got the best
Club what happens it's good know em you
should it's good mom we were going
makeup shopping for Mom
and Bobby just fill a before mom's I
gotta unless she's gonna film a mini
haul and I am saying a loving way I
can't think I just got took the fluoride
so you get the camera you want good body
some lipstick will I get slogging - yeah
maybe maybe you girls go shopping and
you blend us oh I was thinking Joanna
maybe dad if you wanted to would go to
Guitar Center if you take the kid yeah
if we take the kids we'll do that and
we'll see what Guitar Center has to
offer
totally you want you go do it you want
okay let's do it
you do what you want and we'll do what
we want any way you want if that's the
way you need it anyway you won't get
Jackson gimme kiss first he does not
want anything to do with me kisses bye I
gotta cut less you be looking at me oh
hi Kai and sometimes things don't work
out the way that you wanted to but
that's okay you've always got to try to
stay positive and I'm not doing a very
good job but I really want to try and be
happy so I'm turning my frown yeah happy
I'm not happy with you what do you mean
why are you not happy because I didn't
get to do the thing that I wanted to do
today oh why why are you not I'm not
happy with you because you have the
camera and you're supposed to vlog I had
a major vlogging failed that is my fault
and I apologize to you guys for that I
am sorry to you okay that too so did you
have fun with mom and Bonnie did we have
got made up okay
are you can hold it yeah
I had a lot of fun with mom Ambani mom
got she spruced up her whole makeup
cabinet she threw away everything that
she's used up she bought all new stuff
and that was really really fun and I got
home and Jared had not vlog so I thought
now he got upset with me because I
didn't vlog which is understandable I
have the cameras like Jared this is what
we do why didn't you get any fun no and
I gotta now - my dad's like pull it out
I let's see the fight let's hit a fight
going and we're not we weren't fighting
we're just like oh darn it why didn't
you get any footage do you guys do say
do you bloggers out there argue like oh
you didn't know I'm sure I'm sure and
that's maybe why we should get two
cameras but I really like having one cam
I like theirs here's the situation
right when the girls left to go get
their stuff I was like yeah let's go the
neighbor asked Joel and dad to help them
move some stuff and it took a lot longer
than we thought so I just babysat the
kids while everyone was doing their
thing and I had a lot of fun with the
kids though we watched movies and we
played a lot of games and I'll tell you
Jackson is the quickest kid he is so
fast and I'm like how do I keep up with
him how am I gonna keep up with him when
he starts walking well he's getting
faster crawling and he's getting faster
like getting up and moving so I think
he's in the process of I'll be walking
it's crazy so that's that's what
happened and that's our story we're
sticking to it
we are Jared wanted to go to a store
today with a guitar store and we're
coming up Wednesday again because we're
going to KC levears movie premiere and I
just realized that rhymes KC levears
movie premiere we can make a song out of
it so we're coming up anyway so I was
like Jared will make a day of it because
guess what where we live we don't have a
target the closest target is 40 minutes
or 45 minutes or 45 minutes away is the
closest target and this guitar store
that Jared wants to play it's Guitar
Center it's a well known Guitar Center
but they're the closest place to have
breedlove guitars and that is my dream
that is my love that is my my passion my
my thing that I love that I can't think
of how to say
like to touch the thing that I love that
I like to stick up the strings with I
like to think of the strings anyway
that's our store and we're sticking to
it we're going to the movie premiere on
Wednesday yeah Jody Jack see don't tease
that's your teasing in the sky he look
he is sopping wet
are you doing it again yeah silly boy
this kid makes me smile so much is so
funny oh that's bad milk eggs I'm dating
oh I am exhausted guys we had a long day
but it was a great day thanks so much
for tuning in Ellie do you have any
final words for the day today it is fun
to me that Jackson is not only being
able to play with but that he's teasing
yeah he just laid down and spit Jackson
hey hey hey was naughty that's not easy
hey kid I laid him down and he's totally
started spitting and I love the he's
he's playing with you he's like playing
his own little game
he's using his legs more he stood up on
his own like he he got on his hands and
knees when today he got on well he
didn't stand all the way up yeah got on
his hands and knees and then he goes
like this yeah he does down a lot and
then they stop he goes like this and
then he stops and then he's like huh I
can get around a lot quicker if I just
get on my hands knees around a lot
quicker Wellman can you try that I can
get around a lot quicker
well guys did you run into a door
well guys thanks for watching thanks for
watching always say we'll see you
tomorrow
say bye bye now bye bye hi so
