you're waking me up from my nap and I
don't like it they don't like it you
call them on the chair to me woke me up
from my nap everybody get up it's time
to slam now we've got a real Jam going
down welcome to the one take here's your
chance do your dance on the one take
alright alright alright movie should go
booty oh baby you know what to do you
know what to do with the thing um but -
I don't know how to rap I don't know how
to act I just throw my hands up and then
I don't know what get it boy get up boy
Janson well I don't know what to do I
can't rap I'm not a rapper I just
wrapped presents I don't rap music I'm
not a rapper you want to present Jackson
Jackson come say hello brother oh oh oh
what is it boy what a sweet boy well can
you put your head down put your head oh
the cuddles oh it's amazing it's a
wonderful I love it I love it
ooh Jackson has been climbing around
everything and anything that he can and
it's honestly like the coolest thing to
see him like think about where he's
gonna go and what he's gonna do and how
he's gonna do it sometimes he gets a
little sometimes he gets a little too
courageous and he knows dives off of the
couch but oh but but
cow to a lot even Kenya cow whoa don't
have a cow there Jackson hey um today at
church he almost walked he almost took
his very first step by himself he was
hanging on yeah he was hanging on to the
chair like with a finger and then he was
walking around the chair and I was like
oh my gosh like I was teaching a lesson
to like three year old kids and he was
like walking around and I was like I
can't stop a lesson and pointed out like
oh my gosh this is amazing
hey Jerrod both looked at each other I
was like so how was your Valentine's Day
weekend did you guys have a lot of fun
was there something that you guys did or
something noteworthy that happened I
thought was pretty cool with school edge
just came out with his Valentine's Day
video and it was pretty sweet and also
my brother Matt had a video come out
where his two boys Carter and Drake they
went to the mall and they had two dozen
roses and the kids the two boys handed
out the roses to strangers and it was
like the sweetest thing ever
I'm jealous I was like why can't Jackson
be older than that would be so I know
it's so funny like kids just have this
this thing about him and it's just the
coolest thing and I can't wait till
Jackson gets old enough to do those
things Jackson I love his breath I when
he woke up this morning and I or when he
woke up from his nap and I grabbed him I
smelled his me it was just like I would
never do this with another kid oh I
don't Boston's on accident once and I
was like wrong decision but it's funny
because it's not like the breath is not
much different it's just like what's not
your own it's not your kid so you're
like oh this is different and not very
good but ah one more mom do one more mom
his laugh is the better than his laugh
is contagious trade me I'll get his
dinner gone are you hold this - oh it's
your turn and my turn just wrong it's my
turn to throw
I was just thinking let's play a game
let's see how close we can get Jax
through the ceiling without him touching
well I thought so bad throwing up never
that's friend's house and they had a
little brother
he has Robert and he was the cutest
little baby boy and I is a little kid
like 8 years old 10 years old I throw
them in the air and I had shaken his
head on the ceiling oh my gosh
his little an IRA Zola he turned out to
be a well Jackson just woke up from his
nap and it's about 10:00 to get him
ready for bed so I think he's going to
be a little bit longer than normal but I
just fed him a little bit of carrots and
potatoes that I made for dinner and I
had some homemade gravy that I made my
mama would be proud it was so good
except fail on my part where's the rolls
and what else did I ate was a nice yes
it kinda green beans but after I ate my
dinner John another dessert I ate you do
you want another dessert aid I am that
craving cocoa puffs like no one's
business every day for probably the past
week I was like we should probably go
get some cocoa puffs I can probably get
some cocoa puffs right now you know
would be really great cocoa puffs yeah
you know what else is really great I'm
looking at the sunset through the window
oh that's actually really pretty tonight
it's like it had a couple really good
sunsets lately yeah I think so too
yeah Jackson are you all happy and
better now that you be in are you gonna
climb on some chairs or climb on your
little couch speaking of generating
happy I want to show you this that I put
on my snapchat okay find it video right
here buh-buh-bah I wanted to climb on
his cow trying to get on your cow get on
it write it so this is your snapchat
this is part of why yeah I'm gonna get
to the right part first focus focus
so Jackson here is I guess it's this way
Jackson is playing peekaboo right before
he's going down for his nap and it's
like the funniest thing ever
I love him
there's nothing the cutest thing yes you
want to know what else is cute me and
when the camera focus is Oh focus okay
Sami there we go
Scottish for no hoko song oh sorry just
keep it real tight real close on my face
and then you get your gray hairs we were
taught here laying your head down we're
talking about Jared's hair last night at
dinner for Valentine's Day
and my mom and Bonnie was pointing out
your look at those they look
sophisticated and the camera died oh my
gosh right as we were talking about
dyeing my hair the camera dies isn't
that crazy
yes so basically in short I'm getting
gray hair the question of the day should
I dye it back to what it is or should I
keep it and be sophisticated Jerrod and
get a corncob pipe and some brandy or
something I like it and I think we've
had this conversation before actually I
know we have I end up leaving it
especially as it goes wider but I hear
in - guys I will have white hair like
white white white hair like if you
remember my god haha he had white hair
and that's what I'm gonna have to so
yeah but yeah that's pretty much it guys
yeah are you gonna have my hair - yeah
yeah yeah oh hey hey you two
I'm gonna get you hahaha I'm gonna get
you oh go here's a scary thing okay who
still does this who is an adult raise
your hand raise your hand if you're an
adult and if you walk up at the stairs
in the middle of the night do you think
that someone I don't know how it's
possible someone's going to grab your
legs out from under you while you're
going up the stairs they're totally and
totally and so you go up the stairs like
this you run as fast as you can and you
run up the stairs like this just because
you want to get there as fast as you can
because you want anyone to grab your
legs I guess I haven't done that in a
while you've never done that oh I have
an on while oh maybe I'm more of a child
than you are or are you more of a child
okay guys thank you so much for watching
our one take Sunday I hope that you
enjoyed it I enjoyed my roast and the
cocoa puffs it's working so we will see
you guys tomorrow
tomorrow's the big date I have a big day
tomorrow that I'm kind of nervous about
I'm excited and nervous but we'll see
how it goes
I'll see you guys tomorrow bye
yeah get down
good job
