good morning and happy Valentine's Day
to everyone we are starting the day out
right we're doing it the best way we
know how and that is by making graves
we have crates right here Ellie has
selected some of the finest fruit the
finest powdered sugar the finest Nutella
and the finest marshmallow cream because
it's Valentine's Day and that's what you
do is you eat crepes for breakfast mm mm
mm crepes
all day I'm going to get better at
making crepes I'm not the best but I
want to learn I think it's a it's a
pretty difficult thing especially
getting them pretty consistent in terms
of like the cooking the yeah the cooking
and the flatness of it there's some
people who have like little spin dials
that like they they spin it around and
it makes it really flat and big yeah but
I think these are perfect for what we're
doing and what we're eating
because let's be honest it is as soon as
it gets in your mouths it doesn't matter
how Jackson is definitely enjoying his
let me see your mouth Sonny hey Louie
you yep he's gonna join us and these are
my crepes and I have a nice side of
blueberries and grapes and some juice
he's stealing some more come on did look
really good and all he just grabbed I
don't think I'm like a bigger yeah take
a look at that well you take a look at
that oh my looks really good until I had
a huge clump of powdered sugar fall down
really I mean it'll just be super sugary
and I'll have a little sugar high for
the day but that's okay I think they
look so delicious
yes son
the goodness it's too good you want more
and honestly like the days like this you
just let him have fun you know just it's
gonna he's gonna make a mess but you'll
clean him up of course I will and he
doesn't this is I think his first crepe
well Emma's I guess he's had a little
sandwich a little Nutella I'm sandwich
but this is like this is fun for him so
we might as well just let him enjoy it
you know we can clean up messes he got a
banana in there
he's so happier yeah just spread it all
over your face oh my goodness make
yourself new down the face on an update
this is really yummy one down one to go
I have so much powdered sugar I was like
coughing it up it was so like I am
loving this oh my god this kid he is
literally licking the plate clean oh
he's licking the plate clean good job
look get it get it you are such an
amazing kid
where did like where do you even think
of that looks like I'm getting every
last bit he is getting every last bit is
so good I have to get everything num num
num num and then he smiled he knows what
he's doing like good good no oh my gosh
Jackson you are so funny
I don't even need to wash cloth to clean
them up he literally is cleaning himself
up so I love you
maybe a little too much Nutella he's
like where's the rat now he's gonna be
checked right give him Oh 12:00 tomorrow
did you guys know growing up my mom used
to let us eat oatmeal for breakfast but
with a scoop of ice cream ice cream
seriously yet because the oatmeal was
nice hot and warm and just a little
scoop of vanilla ice cream it just was
yummy a treat but your breakfast yeah I
love you drink it eat it so I'm starting
my mama taught me so that's okay it's
funny how many breakfast things we have
that are pretty much like desserts like
doughnuts and pancakes well how do I
look I got ready on my new little vanity
table today Jared was up until like
midnight 12:30 working on this he was
working on all night and I love it and
I'm so glad that he thought that I would
love it too because I do this is what it
looks like it has a cute little mirror
and it has a little drawer and I just
have my makeup in there and makeup in
here and I have my lipsticks there and I
think that it is such a cute little
backdrop for when I do my videos and I
told Jared I was like we should because
I was a little stressed yesterday Xcel's
like I want to get the baby's room done
I know I want to get this room done and
and so that was like you have him to
think of me but I think we should get
our play button hung up we should get a
few things hung up for Jared's little
side of the room and then I don't know
we'll have to figure something out with
this big wall not that it needs anything
crazy because we're just gonna film in
the corner but what a little bit of
spice of color too but I'm really
excited thank you so much Jared so Ellie
do you like it I love it and I think
that you two boys look
very handsome oh yeah Jackson and I are
matching today with that like wet
TCS ago hmm I like it it took a long a
lot longer than I thought to build but
it was I was really good it was a lot of
fun
Ellie and I had a lot of fun building it
was very fun we we have we had some good
quality time last night together Jackson
are you kind of jealous like you missed
out is that why you're kissing me
someone we're giving our little day date
today's we're going to go into Thailand
and we're going to try and find a few
other little things to finish up our
room Jared just wants to hang his play
button in his ukulele so let's get some
shopping done our play button it is ours
it says Ellie and Jared oh yeah yeah
sorry bud see you later
Oh what do you mean he's laughing that
little boy
yeah keys he wants to play with them you
want to go play yes laughing it makes
like want to let him go play it's like
he wants to play you should go play when
you can walk he like keeps staring at
him Jared's been so good to me it's been
so fun being and Hobby Lobby it's
Valentine's he's just been salty/sweet
to what he's been following me around is
that kay I like this what about this for
the wall on the side of my vanity for my
wall filming area and like I get so
frustrated because I feel like I can
keep things nice and tidy and clean but
I'm not very good at decorating wait but
you're good I'm no I'm not good I think
what it is is I had cause like I did
graphic design and everything so I have
an eye for like color and arrangement
but that's it like I'm not well you're
good but anyway Jared he we found a
bunch of things in order go home and try
and make it work on the side of the wall
and I we want to get a lamp as well but
I'm just going to show you a little bit
so I'm going to do so much there's very
there's one important thing that is very
critical to the execution of this
display
you always have to put a bird on it what
hey bird it there's a bird cut bird on
it put a bird on it yep put a bird on so
we got a few little things for the long
I'm excited to go home and hang them up
but we got to go get Jared a few things
for his side of the of the filming room
I think what we're gonna do is we're
just gonna hang out my ukuleles I think
that's all I got play button oh yeah and
a play button you can't forget the
please get one grab one of the toys that
Jackson loves as of always and it is
just a plain ball when hey you like it
is it making this ollie hmm all righty
guys this is the store this is my candy
shop I'm gonna be like a kid in a candy
store in this place this is I'm so
excited I didn't even know this place
existed I'm super excited Ellie I'm
sorry if I can't contain myself but this
is like true happiness right here
this is like so tiny it is little and
excited but great thanks go it's pop
packages I don't know what I've tried to
say anymore but it's amazing and I'm
super excited
yeah
you
you
thank you for getting that I like it
oh no we're gonna go home with a full
band
like that he does he laughs Joel
where'd you go yeah Joel where are you
Joel where's where did you go see around
the corner here wrong sir
so I'm gonna come around the mountain
when I come what did you turn around to
it oh my gosh Joel I have something that
I want to give to you for Valentine's
Day
but first I have a question your part
will you be my Valentine course not in a
gay way just in a hey man I wanted to
say that you're looking okay man why
can't a heterosexual guy tell a
heterosexual guy that he thinks is about
you why we're both yes that's apply to
the Concours that's fly to the Concours
I wanted to give you this for
Valentine's Day just because I used half
of your one of your boxes so I I wanted
to give you that we're gonna go use this
again all right look at these two cute
little guys you guys are besties huh
they both just climbed up here all by
themselves yeah Jackson was like oh
there's the carpet there's a fireplace
and then there's a chair I'm gonna climb
up it and boskar was like Oh Jackson I
see you do the same thing let's do it
together and so they did and now they're
just hanging out and Jackson's like okay
now let's see if I can climb up onto
these things that's kind of like he's
seriously has been like a monkey lately
he's just been climbing everywhere he
can just what I think he'll probably
walk in the next a little bit and so it
begins
on this Valentine's Day evening the kids
will be babysat the adults will indulge
themselves in a very very delicious meal
Thank You Bonnie and Joel for inviting
us to the elements which is like a
really really great buffet the kids are
gonna have a wonderful evening sleeping
while we have a really great time eating
so maybe we'll just do like a montage or
something maybe we'll do a montage of
the delicious food
you
you
well ladies and gentlemen that is how we
do Valentine's Day here this year on
2015 that's how we did it this year
thank you I have a wonderful day it was
a lot of fun wasn't a shopping date oh
yeah we had fun
setting up Ellie's vanity and getting
the shelves set up we'll show you that
when it's all finished but thanks to
Bonnie and Joel for inviting us to
dinner tonight it was so much fun and it
was so good and it was delicious to the
taste
yes you're totally bombed right now no
awesome gift I know right you're
focusing on the fireplace yeah I'm just
looking right at the fireplace
are you live come on whoo we should
light it let's light that fire tonight
if you know what I mean
thanks for watching the vlog today guys
I hope you have a wonderful weekend
happy Valentine's Day and we'll see you
in the next video bye
happy Valentine's Day thanks for joining
us on our little evening great time did
you just catch me drop
the
oops I did not mean to drop it
