Jackson why are you being the cutest
little boy in the entire world are you
just cuddling on the carpet is that what
you do it he's you woke up like this he
just keeps laughing down at this and
then he keeps finding things in rubbing
him on his nose he does that with his
little stuffed animals he'll take his
stuffed animals and just like rub on his
nose
like look and lay here he's been doing
this all morning I wonder if he's still
tired or he's not feeling well
yeah
just an arraignment on your nose
thank you much these Reds the little
things on his nose that's all he's
gravity like mommy moms to hear oh my
gosh he's so cuddly right now I love
that like as a parent that's what you
got the most this is not like Jackson to
just lay still as can be I just rubbed
him down with lush and I gave him a
really good little baby massage and he's
just sitting here and he's letting me
get him dressed and he keeps grabbing
his little giraffe and he's not even
moving he's just laying here limp so I
definitely kind of wonder if maybe he is
feeling a little under the weather but
I'm gonna finish getting him dressed and
get a finish just giving him a little
massage and then we'll go eat some
breakfast and I think he's gonna let me
hold him all day you could be okay today
oh here we go
so I have some fruit here for breakfast
and for us to snack throughout the day
and Jackson Z and his fruit and he will
not let go of this giraffe he like woke
up obviously I guess not feeling well
and he had this with him and now he's
just he's kind of just calling on to it
all day you think it's kind of cute I
think it's way cute he's just enjoying
his breakfast I keep giving him a little
bit to the time that easy end but he
loves his little giraffe he's got his
milk and I think we're gonna watch a
movie today and snuggle good morning
guys today is Friday and you know what
Friday means it is taco night wait isn't
it taco
today I'm not sure exactly but I have
some taco seasoning here because Ellie
forgot it last time she went to get
groceries and so I'm at Walmart right
now and you know what you have to do
when you go to Walmart there's a certain
thing that I specifically has to do it I
actually mentioned it last time she was
at the store I'm gonna walk that way
right now yes that is right you've got
to come down here and you've got to look
at all of the TVs especially this one
right here
4k goodness oh man doesn't that look so
cool I'd love to get one of those but
we're just looking we're just browsing
right now that's what you got to do you
got to have fun when you're at Walmart
and you're you know just cruising around
you got to look at some things you've
got a window shop a little bit got a
dream a little bit yes that is right
tomorrow is Valentine's Day in fact
actually when you're watching this it
will probably be Valentine's Day so
here's what I want to know what are you
guys doing for Valentine's Day do you
have a significant other if you do what
are you guys doing if you don't have a
significant other do you hate valentines
day is it something that you don't enjoy
what tell me what your thoughts are on
about it because I've always I've always
been like interested to know how people
handle it there have been many
Valentine's Day where I didn't have like
a girlfriend or anything but I think
it's really important to not get down
about it I think it's you know something
that you know it's just a holiday if you
don't want to celebrate it it's fine I
know it can be pretty a sore spot for
some people but I'm always the kind of
guy to look for the positive things in
life no matter what the situation given
it if it's appropriate so I'm just kind
of interested in what do you guys think
if you guys don't have a significant
other do you just dread valentines day
or if you do what are you guys doing but
no matter what I think I think this is
something that we gonna do I think this
is something that we can have and I
think Ellie's okay with it so Ellie I'm
sorry it's always better to ask for
forgiveness than permission if you guys
don't have a Valentine let us be your
Valentine okay we'll be your Valentine
we'll have a great day today it's gonna
be awesome and we're gonna have fun ever
gonna smile okay be my Valentine
I just woke up and I think it's really
weird that Jared brought home a flippin
cat what happened to me can you see like
what's all over me I swear he brought
home a flippin cow where's that cat
where's the cat come on where's the cat
I know he got a cat and I'm gonna get me
a big dog because I think that's what a
cat does oh this is the gap I woke up
and I was seriously like all hairy and I
was like I'm gonna have to change
dang blanket but I think Jackson's awake
and Jared's upstairs
do you know daddy brought home a cat
what yes I brought what kind of cat did
I bring home oh look over here on you
from the blanket yeah I was like where's
the cat Jackson did you sleep good oh
you took it out oh goody just like you
can't have bother I love you good a good
nap in Jeff she did do you love your new
little bikes look what Jackson got we
finally from Jackson's birthday all
those animal crackers and my sister
Thank You Julie she's like don't feel
that tub boy it's perfect for that his
lost like toys so I put him up in here
and now he's been taking him out and it
really is perfect who would have known a
cracker box perfect to hold baby toys in
but he's been loving that Jackson since
he hasn't really been all he seems much
better after his nap but we've been
watching cars I think this is probably
what like the second time I've put a
movie on at home and just have it
playing and there's listening to it I
think cars has a few swear words in it
after a listing is like any they just
said hell and then
good sevens again I was like that's kind
of weird what the hell okay what the
Hello Kitty what the hell okay it was
just kind of crazy I was like oh that's
interesting
hey guys what did you know that we have
a Facebook page
oh no that yes Elliot J is that what it
is yeah facebook.com slash alien Jared a
lot of people don't know that we have it
but I'll show you right here
here right here Ellie and Jared
facebook.com slash Ellie and Jared we're
gonna treat you to be better at that one
well I was just going to say I mean
Jackson you're good smash your fingers I
think what we're gonna try and do
sometimes is like just post some
different things on Facebook yeah so we
have a little bit too right yeah variety
so go check us out on Facebook if you
guys want to see some of the things that
we're gonna post there mm-hmm
dad why are you so good to me hi because
I love you a break oh I think Colin left
a very good impression impression on us
in a very good smelly good way
we found this poo pourri and I think I
actually really I think that you should
totally get it
spits the bowl before you go and no one
else would ever know no cept it smells
like a lemon citrus but that's fine
you'd rather have that I don't know why
Jared is so good to me like he's always
been so thoughtful of me but today I was
looking at our office room and I was
like this is why this is a good be a
baby's room we set it up to film on like
what are we gonna do like I need to get
something set up and Jared's like you've
always wanted a vanity he made me a
vanity in our old place but that was one
of our very first videos it was like our
yourself vanity and it was awesome it
was a really good one yeah I loved it
and Jared's like look I just found a
vanity that's on sale do you want to go
look at it I'm like okay like I would
never say no considerate this happy
Valentine's Day
oh we just oh you want something else no
no no we just got back from a huge trip
I just got that you're worthless trip
maybe you're born with that maybe it's
been clean and but Jared found this
vanity set and he really liked it and I
like it I do wish they had a white color
it's cream but he was like I think that
it will work so we're just gonna try it
and the guy said that we could return it
yeah the worst that's an I favor worst
thing in the entire world that can
happen concerning this is if we don't
like it we just bring it back we spend
an hour to bring it back out to Paul and
Jared said we'll get this we'll get this
boo free I'll set it up for you you make
dinner and then we'll play just dance -
we're gonna stream just do good streams
well stream just day here's what I want
you guys to do here's what I want you to
do because I'm probably going to be
streaming a lot more because it's
something that I really enjoy doing I
want you guys to go to twitch cops no no
cancel that take that rewind it back
twitch.tv slash - Jared Meachem and hit
the follow button that way you guys get
notifications whenever we play just
dance or other games that I do a lot of
people don't even know that I scream
I usually just post on Twitter but
twitch TV / Jared Meachem and you can
see all the cool stuff we do well I
don't think I have made tacos and
probably two years we always just buy
tacos but I am so glad that we made
tacos tonight those look so yummy
ah taco taco taco yeah hey yeah yeah we
made Jackson a little case of dual
doesn't know he's been eating a little
okay so bill okay so I'm excited this is
uh this is the meal that we haven't had
in a long time
Jackson I'm trying to talk here please
please please give me a little minier
the dog on the block wave Jackson I need
a little bit of time you're the talk of
the blog thank you very much we haven't
had tacos in a long time and it's it's a
fun meal to have with your family and I
really appreciate you in play it is very
fun Jax and that's what I was trying to
fight it's a fun deal to have and look
at these cool little soft tacos they're
like little bowls and it's so much
easier to eat with than just your
standard soft shell right oh you agree I
agree her we found that Banton bonnie
made him first one night and I was like
these are yummy
I should have concurred but thank you
guys so much for watching today I think
Jax is feeling much better than he did
this morning
regardless he was a cute boy all day and
let us cut a limb so we will see you
guys tomorrow and I hope that you guys
had a really good Valentine's Day happy
Valentine's Day from Ehlinger to you
guys I want you guys to all that you are
loved and appreciated and we think very
very much otherwise Ellie and I talked
about you guys all the time you're in
our thoughts you're in our thoughts and
you're in our prayers we love you and
we're grateful for you so we'll see you
guys tomorrow bye
Jackson yeah boy
