good morning guys and as you can see
this morning I'm in my robe
are you gay right now right now
I was just telling Jared cuz you know
everyday everyone has their things that
they have to do is not we're naked in
the shop make sure naked in the shower
find a tax guy you know get the babies
bedbugs on tax man and I told Jared I
said I can't do this anymore I I like
what I can't do anymore is I need to get
up at a certain time and get ready
before Jackson gets up because this is
our morning routine every day is we all
get up we all eat breakfast Jared works
and then me and Jackson stay in the
bathroom together and I get ready can I
get him ready and then he goes down for
his first nap but I was like I am the
PERT I'm the one that like it doesn't
matter I'd have to get ready every day I
have to brush my teeth I have to put
mascara on I had to put blush on like it
doesn't matter what I'm doing I have to
get a little bit of makeup you can
expect a two-minute clip you can expect
commentary like that for me all day
ladies and gentlemen welcome to Le
insurers vlogs where we give you amazing
clips right from the shower Oh
anyway I make this really short anyway I
just have to get up and get ready before
Jackson gets up pretty much because I
feel like I take too much time and I
even cut steps out but you know anyway
but okay Jax do you raise it goes to me
you ready to go see your mama you got
your red shoes I got my red shoes we're
good to go
where are my red shoes what were your
choose where are my red shoes I'm such a
I felt really surprised I'm like Jared
please just come with us please please
he's like Ellie no I got stuff I've
gotta get dad how's that work to do I'm
sorry I know what to do that's it so I'm
taking Jackson we're gonna go get our
grocery shopping done for the week I
just made a list of things that we're
gonna eat for the next week or so I've
got a rough school and I've got tacos
going I've got what you know about taco
Oh Oh a barbecue quesadillas maybe I had
that in a long time
and there was one I still write we've
got crepes and we still have those
meatballs in the freezer that we've been
waiting to snack on yeah
spaghetti and meatballs yep so we're
gonna go get our shopping done and guess
what you're buying you a box of diapers
and I think we're gonna buy baby cakes
got a soccer's got a stock fun midnight
first ball our little I was about to say
his name but you don't know it's not a
secret we don't know how much that sure
yeah I tweeted yesterday said we're 98
point percent sure and Richard and I are
just figuring out how we want to do a
name reveal we never really did it with
Jax and we just up and said the name but
I think it's kind of fun Katie and
Colin's was playing my favorite they did
a really good job but we're just
thinking of how we want to announce it
but then we have to finalize the name
yeah I think I think we were pretty set
but it's not like this is it we have to
send the name to the council and make
sure that they approve it is the council
our parents good job good job
you have to send it to the Ministry of
Magic and make sure that Harry Potter
goes oh okay well we have to stop with
the TV's immoral dad and now I have to
stop at the TVs when I'm with you too
they suck you into Oh son Oh that's
something I'm gonna have to get used to
it three boys in the household soon and
so it begins
- yay so it begins two boxes of diapers
size one $40 we just got Jackson up her
formula and now we're on to buying more
diapers it actually hasn't bothered me
this year I don't feel like we really go
through all of that many I mean the
first few months when he was born yeah
we went through like a ton but it
actually isn't too bad
oh I'm not gonna lie I just bent down
it's about Jackson's breath and I was
laughing so hard the other day and Brian
and this is a video when we all went out
to eat to the seafood restaurant
I saw a few comments it was like I
totally just saw Ellie um sneak sniff
Jackson's binky and there was like 10
comments on there and I didn't even
realize I did it I just have it I took
his big Canada's mouth and then I
smelled it and I was dying when I was
reading their comments cuz you guys
totally caught me about it's just like
oh but weird how did I have let me smell
your breath can I just say can we throw
it back real quick everyone all together
there's six all day guys I just got off
a really cool phone call and Ellie
doesn't even know about it right now you
don't even know about the phone call
that I just had cuz it's so exciting
counts so fresh it's so new it's real
and I'm excited yes I did I did get you
flowers I actually thought about my
flowers with a gracious dark state
that's really pretty
I'm writing a note to my flowers
the exciting news is that I just got off
the phone with someone and to someone I
can't tell you it is but it's very
exciting and it involves you guys we are
getting things together to bring out
some new things I have to say things
because I can't tell you what it is
because it's exciting and it's new and I
can't give it away
they don't like that kind of secret and
I don't like that kind of secret tell us
then and me
what are you talking about well I think
we might have some new things to get to
we have my we might have some new things
available for you guys soon I don't know
when I don't know what but new things
are coming out just for you guys what
it's exciting that's exciting - I'm glad
you're sharing that but guys it's cool I
just I think every day that we have
something happens and it's just cool to
say that we do what we do I'm so
grateful I feel so blessed so Ellie just
got finished getting groceries and I've
been working and beginning on phone
calls and trying to get new
opportunities so we can have more fun
and have more fun and exciting in this
kid Jackson saying hi cuz you get gone
no Jackson can totally say hi can you
say hi hi yeah every once in a while ago
bone chef but his growl that's his
that's dinosaur for I love you hey come
on let's go upstairs move it move it
come on guys move it move it I want to
give you guys a quick little update on
my channel some of you guys know that I
have a channel and I'm doing lots of
music on it because that's like a hobby
of mine is something that I want to see
where I can take and go a little bit
further with but the status of my
channel I have a song that is ready to
go out but there's some things that I
have to figure out with it first so you
should expect a song coming out on my
channel here sometime in the near future
I know I said I wanted to
two songs a month but there's been a lot
of things on the behind-the-scenes that
have prevented me from uploading it but
what should be coming out soon but I'm
always working on new stuff I'm trying
to include new instruments too like I
said before I play all the instruments
myself and I think that's pretty cool
pretty unique is I do all the
instruments myself one instrument that
I've wanted to learn a little bit more
is the piano I can play the piano a
little bit mostly by ear in chords but
I've never really enjoyed like reading
them the notes on the page so I want to
try something a little bit different I
got this thing here called ivories and
basically what you do is you put these
decals on the keyboard and they have an
app that you can download or a website
that you can go to and you can read the
music just from the decals so right here
on my iPad I'll show you here so right
here you can see that the lyrics match
up with the color of the decals and you
just play the decals from the music on
the iPad or the computer or your phone
like I said there's an app you can
download or a website you can download
and it's just a really cool easy way to
learn how to play the piano so I'm gonna
give it a shot some of you guys have
seen this on our piano before but so
I've been I've been playing with it a
little bit so let's see how it works
here so I'm just literally just matching
the colors to the color of the lyrics
that you see here so some of you guys
might recognize this if I can play it
well Oh should I seem to yeah
Oh
oh great yeah so I thought you know it's
pretty cool the one thing that I have a
hard time with is that the decals don't
really stay on it very well but other
than that that was like the first time
I've really looked at that song and
their claim is that you can learn a song
in 60 seconds so that's the cool thing
popular music it takes 60 seconds to
learn it and they're actually hooking
you guys up you get five dollars off
your first set of decals if you use the
crud well code that I'll have listed
down below check it out I think it's
cool for me because I'm trying to learn
new songs but you guys might like it too
oh my goodness
good morning I have to vlog that I think
that this is probably I took a little
nap at playlist live but with Jackson I
would take a lot of naps because I had
more time to take naps but with
babycakes
I don't take very many naps and I wait
Jackson down for a nap and I laid down
and I feel so rested my headache that
I've had for the past few days is gone I
just feel really refreshed so I'm really
grateful that Jackson is still taking
his nap but I woke up to a whole ton of
comments on my Instagram about I bought
diapers one for Jackson Baby Cakes and
there are so many nice people with you
guys are like let Ellie do everything
you guys are driving her crazy uh you
guys have really nice and I wasn't
offended at all there were a lot of
light size 6 you should do cloth diapers
what about this what about this you
should try it this type type of diaper
and which didn't didn't bother me but I
totally have pregnancy brain Jackson's
in a size 5 why I bought a size 6 I do
not know like what was I thinking Jared
I don't know pregnancy brain ok 40 bucks
it seemed pretty I did open them I
ripped him open
huh so when he wakes up I'll put him on
him and if it's okay I'll just use up
the box but he is a size 5 size 6 is a
little big but Jackson's a big boy he
definitely liked his year old outfits
are definitely not fitting him anymore
I'm haften to move up his clothes size
his diaper size just went up to a 5
actually the last time then he's a big
boy that's crazy that I just bought two
boxes of diapers we have two kids my
crazy it's weird to think I'm a mom of
two kids two boys house playing for I
just have three boys three kids running
your house what size of diapers are you
we want to talk about my depends in the
okay I'll talk about my size
take me down to Houston
I've got some pain in C brain update so
I just easy in all the papers do you get
them in time it's like a landmine it's
like a minefield in there because we
have all of our receipts for like taxes
and everything like organized but
they're on the floor we probably
shouldn't do it but they're on the floor
organized and we've been keeping the
door closed because Jackson's been
walking in there but he finally got in
there I'm like no organization scandals
I know I was up really late doing that
but my pregnancy update because I
brought a size six and actually I just
put a six on Jackson and it wasn't too
bad six is on the top five is on the
bottom and it really there was a huge
huge difference and where's the box the
box for size Susan says over thirty five
pounds how is he weigh he's like it's 34
24 oh yes he's definitely a size five
dealing and writing Andy I'm just
kidding almost about that's probably not
very smart of me as a parent
yeah I think it's cute my dad at church
on Sundays he used to I would fall
asleep and he would take two pen and he
would draw all over my face oh my god
mustache angry eyebrows everything
that's so funny oh hey where's the aid
do you already took it off boy oh boy I
feel like I have been in that office all
day long it feels good to get out of the
office a little bit and come downstairs
because I smell something with my smelly
smelly nose that smells make sure that
gates lock that smells delicious do you
smell that Jackson
I smell something that smells so good
Ellie when the world that you make in
I'm saying young for you I am NOT a big
fan of avocado I will not lie I will not
fit to your faces Ellie loves avocado
but I'm not really big now I've got
Jackson a little avocado cheese
quesadilla
now you put a little chicken in and then
me and you have a barbecue chicken
oh yeah Napoleon just make yourself a
case of Dilla or something all right
this is like the easiest meal that we
haven't had in forever
yummy is cheap and it's who doesn't love
barbeque chicken
I know Bonnie actually doesn't probably
look barbecue chicken I wish she doesn't
really like me all that much
yeah but barbecue chicken is like my
comfort food that is my favorite thing
whenever I go home to my mom and dad's
house whenever we have barbecue chicken
it's the best in fact we have a secret
family recipe barbecue sauce and I think
I crave it oh it is oh man I'm
salivating oh just thinking about it
makes me crazy mom and dad I miss you
I need your barbecue chicken recipe
anyway we're gonna have some dinner guys
and we are gonna call it a night Ellie
is has some ketchup to do on the
Bachelorette or is it bachelor I always
forget this all the same thing
it's girls girls meet guys they all try
and follow love in these exotic places
well let's take a look oh YUM look at
that your as a little bit more color to
it but mine's definitely gonna taste a
lot better to me to me okay hi I'm Chris
Harrison and welcome to The Bachelor
tonight's episode features some amazing
places all around the world where Andy
is that his name no Chris
where Chris wait I mean but I'm Chris
Harrison there's Chris yeah where Chris
has seven remaining girls will he find
love will he find his wife
stay tuned for tonight's episode the
most dramatic episode of the entire
series just wait that's seriously what
they say every single day you say that
all that time anyway we're gonna have a
wonderful night together as a family and
we will see you guys in the next vlog
which happens to be to stay tuned for
the most dramatic vlog of the entire
Alia Jared series tomorrow
