good morning guys it feels so good to be
home and it feels so good to be showered
in my own shower there is something
about your own shower your own towels
that make you feel so clean I woke up
this morning I showered why is that face
I woke up and I got extra spruced up
because I found a little Valentine's Day
simple make a book do you like it
umm and Jared Jared and I are actually
catching up on a few of our friends
vlogs and Jared's been doing emails and
editing emails since like 7:00 this
morning and it's been like ridiculous I
over play this weekend I probably got
like 300 emails that's good awesome and
a lot of them are from you guys and I'm
trying to respond to them so thank you
for sending emails and it's just it
makes me grateful like that we spent the
weekend doing this awesome event and I
am so busy coming back and I'll you know
just working like it feels so good and
I'm so I feel so blessed and grateful
but I'm going crazy on the emails yeah
and I'm gonna actually keep them off the
computer because I am about to edit the
video that I just did and I have all my
little products here that I've used that
I'm going to make sure to put in the
description when I do my video but
Bonnie just called and she goes I
understand you're probably to say no
don't feel bad if you do but do you want
me and Joel and the kids to bring you
sonic and they said why would I say no
to food and she's like well even eating
out and you're busy and you probably
want to be home and I was like we have
no food in our fridge I'm starving and I
would never say no to hamburgers so
they're gonna come over and we're gonna
eat I will have you know since coming
home last night and Jackson did not give
George the welcoming he should have oh I
am making you apologize to George you
say sorry you won't act like that again
he was so mad at George but you're the
one that left him yeah you're the one
that up and left him he didn't leave you
George
you waited several several days while we
gone and you washed over the house I'm
sorry Jackson was mad at you yeah I'm
talking to George well I'm talking to
George yeah you go away I'll say sorry
for you I'll just say sorry for ya hey
oh hey guys
I think it's time we need to go see
babycakes but we can't see them because
they're just ready for too long since
we've heard that yeah we are here can
you see there he is there yes we're
gonna go get his heartbeat checked out
we're gonna go get my weight done we
have lots of errands that we have to do
from getting back from playlist live so
that's honestly that's kind of fun for
me is like okay we're home let's get
back into the business let's get back
into the swing of things let's get going
let's get downtown
that's pie let's go see brother there's
cookie baby present
oh there's yoga on your face hey Jackson
give them a good rawr and now what we
wait for the doctor's appointment and
what better way and just sit by the
fireplace is it yeah it's not so awesome
and then doctor's office right just in
case you're cold and what's the next day
well I think this is like the best
doctor's office they've ever been then
don't fry my hair do you ever see that
YouTube video of the girl who put her
hot the hair around the curling iron
right off yes my hair caught on fire one
time I was making green beans and my
hair was touching this stuff and it at
birth fast minutes probably smells yeah
disgusting
cute ants shake those are legs here we
come here we come shake those legs shake
those legs her hair here's my ground
fool all day
look what I have to do during my next
equipment this bottle looks a lot bigger
than my last bottle that I've gotten I
want to take a drink of it this time
you like he's like eh I can't so in four
weeks I take that and it wasn't bad last
time I took I was surprisingly surprised
that I took it I was like when you were
surprisingly sometime I don't ever know
what I'm saying rising Lee I don't know
I was surprisingly shocked I was shy no
I I was sure I thought I was shocked
because I took the drink and actually it
wasn't too bad hey push that green line
from there okay what is it ha I like
tonight yeah I know where it goes
guys I was just kidding last time no I
said Joe I'm a medical professional an
exercise it just kind of sits in our
closet I'm you know I'm Michelle
someone's exhausted he's so tired Ellie
do you think it's lack of sleep from the
trip or do you think it's just because
you're pregnant or about cuz I had
prefilled a few videos I need to do a
pregnancy update video but I don't I
don't think I'm going to this week cuz
I'm just I cannot keep my eyes open
right now I think Jack for Jackson's
second nap I'm gonna take it out yeah I
don't know if I gave you a update this
week other than just I'm tired but I
have things to update maybe I'll do my
update next
I'm tired mama
whoa that's great that sounds really
good yeah Jackson just woke up from his
nap and he woke up a little bit more sad
than normal which is kind of like oh he
don't ever want that as a parent so mom
has saved the day and she is reading
Jackson a bug right now
are you up smiles now now he's not
crying no more you want smiles now let's
talk right he wouldn't well you would
you try and hold him and console him and
he was just he just went you know wasn't
feeling very good but he's feeling a lot
better now times when you wake up like I
do this every Sunday
cranky yeah I think he kind of woke up
like I don't know yeah he was a cranky
me cranker pants today huh he did yeah
we've shown Jackson be a little bit more
sad the past couple of blogs then then
normal and to be honest he he really
isn't ever crying a lot or whining a lot
but I'm kind of glad we showed it to you
just so like you can you know you can
see the reality of it yeah when she was
still here like his Christ just
sometimes sometimes he does like a
little and almost sounds like he's
laughing the whole week yeah in fact :
we were downstairs Ellie and I were
downstairs at a panel and Katie and
Colin were watching the kids as Gaines
and Jackson
laughing in Jackson woke up first and
Colin took a picture of Jackson totally
like crying and colors like buh like
yeah obvious could be just because it
was funny but I'll put the picture in
right now just because it's so hilarious
but I love our little guy he is a
trooper and he's just he makes our day
better every single day no don't try and
hide yourself don't be bashful we're
going on this trip we're gonna come home
and he's gonna be grown up yeah and he
did he grew up on this trip he played us
ollie he crawled around he would climb
on suitcases onto chairs
onto the tables like he grew up this
trip and like he was starting to kind of
stir a little fits this trip like yeah
you're laughing there's nothing that's
funny huh I think it's funny you think
it's funny until we spank you until we
spank you then you thinking what I think
it's very funny anymore huh we want to
thank you we won't spank you I'll just
tap you hard
they're called love taps that's what
they're called no we're totally joking
Jackson definitely grew up on the trip
he is a different person now that he was
when we left he's he's standing more
he's you know like I said kind of thrown
a little more fits but he's also
exploring a lot more and he's getting a
little bit more diverse and the things
that he likes yeah yeah you're getting
too smart for your own good
our boys growing up soon is gonna be
driving the car and ask him to date
girls I'm gonna get you he was going
downstairs until he saw me at the bottom
I know he was going downstairs a look oh
no there's no not gonna go back up he
was downstairs is cuz he saw me and he's
like I don't know there's what a kid
you're a boy but you're a cute one at
that yes you are yes you right you go
pick your maracas
hey you're lyin you just grabbed for
like two minutes he's a good-good right
now so now he's happy know what this
reminded me of one thing and it's in
regards to playlist live I just I get on
my soapbox here for a second okay we're
listening I it just makes me grateful
for Jackson and his personality and his
happiness because we met a lot of people
at playlist live and I was so happy to
meet all of the people who watched us
and I know there's some people who we
couldn't meet that wanted to just cuz we
were out of the hotel and everything but
I'm grateful that Jackson makes it so
easy for us to go places and to meet
people because he is so happy all over
tonight aren't ya like in the airplane
when he was trying to great get that
guy's chit there had to take out some of
that click cuz it was just long but like
Jackson was like and the guy was like
okay you know the guy offered it to him
but I just figured out it's a chicken
Jackson is such an easygoing happy
personality and it's it's helpful for us
not just in our parenting but in the Mac
that like he's just so happy and I love
it but I am grateful to everyone who
came out to play this live and wanted to
meet us because it was so special
especially during our me up there are so
many people that shared their stories
with us and it just makes me grateful
for what we do because it makes us feel
like we have a reason to do what we are
mm-hm and I'm grateful for that and I
just feel so blessed that we have this
platform to do it on
and that we can affect so many lies but
in turn that other people's stories
affect us like we have to meet up we
stayed like an extra half hour just
talking to this family about all of the
trials that they have gone through and
how it's helped them become bigger
better stronger people and I told him
incident the trials you go through don't
define you it's how you overcome now my
family that we were talking to the mom
she talked a lot about God and how
everything happens for a reason and she
was like maybe your guys's trial was
because she was saying how some people
don't listen to Joe's River Graham
Jackson some people have a hard time
listening to other people if they
haven't experienced it and she goes
maybe you guys experienced what you
experienced so that people could relate
to you and you know same with any other
situations I have several friends
unfortunately photometer yet
unfortunately have lost their babies
have actually delivered and had to have
services and I can't even fathom but
it's like those mommies experienced
those because maybe they can connect
with someone else you know I prayed that
would never be my case but if that is I
know who I could go to so it's just we
just talked a lot about in our meet up
about really personal stuff and now lady
even asked to say a prayer with us so
we've gathered around and we said a
prayer and honestly it was very
motivational and you Jared came home and
said that he wanted to get better I have
a second wind I want to do better I want
to be better I want to do more things I
want to be more exciting and more happy
and pointless live all in all like it
made me want to do better yeah like I
said every day do a little bit better
and I totally feel that right now I
totally feel that right now I totally
knew that Jackson I totally filled it I
totally I don't do you feel it is it in
your blood say say right sometimes I get
on my soapbox and I just want to talk
that's good it's good I feel like it's
good for me too because it makes me
think introspectively and make me get
what's in my mind
there so I think it's good for me too so
thanks guys for letting get on my
soapbox I'm gonna get off here we go
okay
I'm off Jackson lay your head down let
you down Hey No
lay your head down look how fast he's
Deline get up you come back here
oh let him get down
is he hold on oh he does better here at
the hotel he would like grab the bed as
tight as he could because he knew it was
a higher drop thank you I really like
peeing my pants
that's what our kids get pillow to the
face for distance pillow to the back of
it or do the bottom and the look now is
that yeah guys huh
welcome to our family this is over
this is real life we have fun with each
other and we look sometimes we cry when
we go from that
yeah she's not just talking about
Jackson my crush
the last man I slept like a baby I woke
up every two hours and cried thanks for
watching today
we'll see you tomorrow tomorrow's
Thursday guys we didn't do it throwback
Thursday we need to be better about that
we need to be better about that really
though in all seriousness thanks for
watching we love and appreciate you guys
and we'll see you tomorrow
Oh kiss okay oh look okay look Jesse
Jesus but no fine we'll see you tomorrow
bye
