good morning we are in the Orlando
Airport and we are headed back to the
mountains of Utah warmer Utah
oh isn't that crazy it so it's like 40
degrees here but it's supposed to be
like 60 degrees in Utah how like weird
is that we'll have to come back yes
we're gonna come back a little bit later
sometime but it's gonna be a lot of fun
and I'm taking Ellie to the beach
because that was the one thing she
wanted to do but you know what a flight
means we've got some airplane footage
and montages galore so check it out and
we'll see you guys in a little bit you
ready go on an airplane
you
Oh George George Oh buddy
George is amazing listen George don't be
mad you want me to put you down by you
didn't want to see George or take a bath
that's a good idea
you remember this place Jackson you have
all you bath toys okay well we're gonna
give him a bath all good we're all good
we just got home from an amazing trip in
Orlando Florida and if you can't tell
I'm using a totally different camera
because our battery died and we don't
have a way to charge it while we're
driving out about thank you Oh Jackson
he was asleep in the car and I feel so
bad because we woke him up of course you
have to wake him up when you bring him
in and so work is just gonna have a good
night we're gonna relax Ellie's gonna
give Jackson a bath we're gonna get
settled in do some laundry thank you
guys for an amazing playlist it was so
awesome for us it was our very first
time we had a blast
Ellie did you have fun why are the blast
I have a blast hanging out with everyone
Katie :
Friday Missy Randy and Anna hey Prima's
baby
April Davey Shay why we we met so many
new people and we reunited with a lot of
people it was just so much fun for us
we're gonna have all of endless down
below be sure to check them out if you
want to but as for now that's the end of
the video today guys I hope you enjoyed
it a little bit different today just
because we were traveling the entire day
but as usual guys we'll see you tomorrow
I hope you have what what Oh tell them
what
it both fights Jackson oh yeah okay
that's that's definitely vlog worthy
Jackson has spoiled us so much when it
comes to flight the first flight was for
in like four and a half hours long and
he did so awesome he slept for an hour
he watched a movie and then he played
like he didn't cry at all the entire
flight the second flight was an hour and
a half and he slept the whole way you
can't ask for a better kid you can't so
thank you Jackson you're awesome and
your parents have taught you very very
well hahaha yes I'm taking credit for
his awesomeness Ellie we're awesome
parents and that's why Jackson's so good
we're taking credit for this okay yes
Jackson had chocolate milk for the first
time today and he loved it he chugged it
it was awesome so that's it guys thanks
so much for watching and we'll see you
tomorrow bye
member
