by
did you strap your ball your ball well
you put it on him just been giggling and
laughing and playing you guys are such
vesper Holly really whenever I go is
Jack then he starts crawling he's like
Jackson gets are oh I love these two
have been playing I've just been point
in the camera I haven't even been
talking just cuz they're so cute to
watch Jackson's gonna fall asleep like
why fight a crab what a day what a day a
day where nothing really goes your way
what else can I say about today that
rhymes with hey what's up yeah baby we
had planned today that we were going to
go to Cocoa Beach it's about an hour
away so we went down to the concierge
desk and they're like oh yeah we have a
car rental place just right on the
corner so go check it out and rent a car
you guys can get there in about an hour
so we did that turns out all of the cars
are taken today
and we're like okay that's fine we'll
just go to another car rental place so
we go to the next car rental place it's
about a ten minutes away not too far and
turns out they don't have any car seats
so we're like oh crap by this time
it's already getting dark outside we're
like we don't want to drive an hour and
go to the beach
plus it's raining so I feel so bad
because this is like the one thing that
Ellie really wanted to do while she was
here in Florida is go to the beach she
really want to experience Florida so
she's kind of like really sick right now
she's not feeling well and being all
pregnant and everything she's almost 24
weeks pregnant and her feet are so
swollen from walking everywhere at
playlist live so she's a trouper she's
she's with Jackson Jackson's sleeping
right now and she's just going to hang
out with Jackson and a Brian Missy and I
are gonna go check out the pool
supposedly they have an indoor pool and
we're gonna go check it out
because we want to go swimming or the
hot tub or something and I don't know
it's raining right now so we'll see if
they actually do have well as in massage
massage no I think we're gonna go to the
pool outside outside in the rain let's
do it because the rain in Spain stays
mainly in the plain
oh look at this nice beautiful pool it
looks so amazing doesn't it the hose
look there's the hot tub over there nice
oh okay but there's but there's a pretty
valid reason though right yeah they're
dining here we're on the ceiling a shop
what about the spa it's not it's all can
I try inand the big scheme of things
that's all we're all connected
all right shoot thanks man sorry well
we're not going to go through an outside
we're not gonna go swim inside we're not
going to go to the beach just anxious
maybe I think Ellie I think she should
get in I think we're gonna go get a
massage oh but wait wait
she might not be far long enough to get
him Oh Oh we'll have more on that later
you know I am feeling a little bit
hungry so maybe we'll just go to the
food cart and grab something to eat
oh wait it's closed - this day is going
nowhere right now and it's five o'clock
and we have nothing else to do so you
know how not last clip I was holding
Ollie and he was just like right here
we're we're being buddies and I was just
holding them and everything like that
yeah he peed on me
he peed on me and I should have said you
see all that right oh look you can
totally see how you can pull this solo
out yeah that's that's all these pee
lollies thank you macaroon this makes it
all better
we're just gonna but wait there's more
to make matters even worse Brian tell
him hello my vlogs gonna be like nothing
because my battery's dead so I can't
even log right now we had all about
things happening because a bad thing
happens bad things are happening left
and right I thought bad things happen in
3 not 30 million yeah so we're going
back up to the room we have dinner
reservations hopefully maybe that I'm
not worried about making them I'm
worried about some natural disaster
preventing us from you know from getting
out ok this is one of those things
though yes everything is going wrong but
it's like the day is what you make it
you know yeah a lot of crappy things
have happened but we're still in Florida
we're stuck in Florida right
I just want to say this because I
usually say it all the time we wanted to
go to the beach it's raining they didn't
have any car seats the pool is closed
the food court is closed
our pets heads are falling off I'll
repeat on here I like kale me put your
head in the corner don't you smile at me
like that we've got to make the most of
the night brides and we've got yeah
positive guy Wow
now I composed enough to talk I know it
sounds really really cold immature that
I am so worked up about not being able
to go to the ocean but it's because we
live in Utah we have beautiful mountains
to hike in and the only thing I ever
would like dream of doing is going to be
ocean I think that is just so fun so I
really have been bummed all day that the
ocean didn't work out but I picked
myself up and I'm happy now and we are
going to go hang out and make the best
of our last night here holy cow Ellie we
didn't have to go to the ocean the ocean
came right to us we are soaking wet
guess what I have a spare pair of pants
because we were supposed to go to the
action on Jax
I had a misfit hit his pants are soaked
there so man so I have a pair of pants
one look he's just like he's loving he's
like having fun he's like reaching for
it everything look at this kid is a fish
he is a fish remember yesterday he was
just at the pool those love in life he
loved it okay let's go inside
no he is he's really
now Jackson has something to look at
yeah he's in he's been drawn on the
table look at that all right yeah as new
look Irina look at that that's an
amazing drawing look can you draw let me
draw here put this in this hand get him
started
it's a star
throughout there now
oh my god
it's amazing
it's nothing
growing up I always wanted to go to Red
Lobster
every time we passed it I was like
that's where I want to go I want to go
and I've never been not even growing up
just like every time we pass I've always
wanted to go there let's go there
sometime doing this but I'm gonna
started when I was like 5 years old like
6 years old I saw my thoughts what I've
always wanted to go I've never been it's
not even that expensive of a restaurant
I've just never been and I've also never
tried lobster so I just ordered lobster
our hat just ship place that we're at
and it is a fresh Lobster and I'm really
excited to try it out because I was
wanted to try lobster but never have and
Jackson is dipping into some mac and
cheese and he's actually eating it
sometimes he really doesn't like pasta
but he's well he's trying to be and he's
more so just squishing it in his hand oh
that's not bad
Shh just got back from the dinner
poor little Jackson bless his heart he's
not taken one single nap today he has
been still has been so good
naps until now
his kid is just a sleep on his mom's
shoulder
and she
moving out
one of our favorite things about this
Florida awesome amazing playlist trip is
every night we've either been in here or
Co in the hall at nighttime eating
dessert with our friends and tonight is
no different that is exactly what we're
gonna do once these kids in le fall
asleep oh just kidding just the kids
once the kids fall asleep we have some
dessert that we got from the hotel and
we are going to munch on that and we are
going to talk and we're going to chat
and we're going to have a lot of fun and
we're going to have a proper close to
playlist live wouldn't you say le yeah
wouldn't you say Olli
do you agree is that something fun that
we should do says something fun buddy
should we do that he's like he's like
can I just get away from this creepy guy
who's after me with the camera anyway
we're gonna end the vlog guys thank you
so much for tuning in on this awesome
playlist adventure our first playlist
definitely a huge success thank you guys
so much for watching have a wonderful
day if you haven't already be sure to
hit that subscribe button and thumbs up
the video and we'll see you guys on the
plane ride tomorrow back to the
mountains of Utah
member
