we're on our way to our panel and the
service elevator I swear every single
time we go it's what they're like go to
the go to the service elevator go to the
service elevator
it's breaking every single time we just
waited like five minutes I think it's
finally ready to go I think all of the
families are finally here for the
panelists I think we can start getting
over there to here for the Meetup
they're just kind of going over some
free panel information No
listen to them they are everybody in
that way the panel isn't so long and
confusing and we were in the second
group we hear very nice so she's
actually in Florida getting on an
airplane so we asked me in the first
movie so we are going to our panel and
then we're going to over and all these
people that were there are so many
people here it's going to be there's all
the people for the panel Jackson speak
it over this job so the question was
like some of the most positive things so
the coolest thing that I think that we
have every single day is we're able to
go back and see exactly what we've done
experience those memories that we've had
before so for example Ellie and I always
talk about like do you remember when you
had Jackson's like you actually we were
in the hospital yeah kind of I don't
really remember
everything oh wait we have a video and
we can go back and watch it like it's so
cool to be able to go back and relive
those experiences and I think that's one
of the coolest things and that's for me
do you have anything I agree cut by mine
cheeky Church yeah it doesn't look back
to my memories but also be yourself
every day you can go back a little learn
things you can learn like I can learn
things
almost like self-evaluation we're all
growing as families like we're going
through experiences for the first time
and a lot of people are watching because
of that same reason they're like oh well
Ellie and Jared just went through that
same thing I wonder how they reacted and
sometimes it's good to get that
conversation where you're like maybe we
should have put that in or maybe we
shouldn't have put that in like our
conversation we I'll make this short but
like we had a conversation actually on
the vlog it was like what are we gonna
do when our kids are in it's like
sometimes you know with wrestling and
stuff Jared how to cut weight and I was
like well when our kids are in school
we're gonna talk to them and this is not
what you dude this is not how you treat
your body you know you're you're 13 you
don't need to cut weight for
conversation on our blog actually like a
week ago and we and I happen to be
filming I'm like should we cut this out
I thought we were fighting but it was it
was controversial it was like it was a
discussion that we were like a real
discussion that was you know happy
happening and we just happen to have the
camera on so it's you know we're going
through experiences as parents and I
think you know there's there's good
times and bad times to those in the vlog
and more often than not I think it's
beneficial Jackson's going through a lot
of firsts right now and so in the hotel
he stood up for the first time for like
20 seconds like and we miss it and we're
like okay let's get him set up again
let's get him set up we gotta get this
going if we gotta get the camera roll
okay Jackson go howling he didn't do it
you know it's like so you know things
like that those are the types of things
that we're like okay let's see if we can
get a take two on that or the
you know something like that but other
times you forget to turn on the camera
and we've gone as the long rant I go
crap I didn't even get that on the
footage and I've got to do it all again
but the first takes always the best but
as far as like throughout the day you
know that Ellie and I have you know made
a conscious effort like we're vlogging
and we want to do things that are fun
for us and fun for people to watch and
so we're like let's go on a hike today
because that's gonna be great for us
like as a couple and it's gonna make us
you know more aware of what's around us
because you know when we were in college
we didn't do that kind of stuff we
didn't go to hikes and we live in Utah
which is like one of the greatest places
to go hide out yeah in the mountains of
Utah but it's like 7,000 feet in the air
and the air is well I guess it's not the
greatest air anyway but we we try and
you know do those things for us and for
the blog so I would say that you know
that's kind of pre-planned but you know
throughout the day we just you know pick
it up when we think Oh like this would
be fun like I I don't film him eating
all the time but it's like if I give him
something new I'm like oh maybe he'll
make an awesomeness and people will
think it's funny
dad's are funny breathing dad's are
funny come on you guys can be better
than that ladies and gentlemen we just
finished up with our awesome panel I
thought it went really well there were
some really cool questions there's a
bunch of people there it turned out
really good don't you think Kelly yeah
it gave us a nice small portion that
there's still a big group but then they
had another small portion of another
good I got this yeah they also split it
up and which is good because we are
actually in downtown Disney my sister
and her family he just got into Florida
for from New York and we're gonna go
have lunch with them I'm so excited
because if you guys remember we went to
New York and we visited them but we
rarely get to see these guys with the
exception of like video chat but we're
excited to see them and their family
because let's be honest they're awesome
family
family I can't wait to see them Justin
Timberlake you've been featured on so
many different platforms music
television movie what's your secret
cousins grab Jackson they're so excited
to see you hey these are good to see
Jackson it's good to see you
giver case giver kiss
so we're here at the Hollywood just
having lunch with our family and there
they just got back on the sweet fruits
and I just think it's okay the kids
could not get enough at Jackson
all the cousins are just like playing
within them oh boy
let's see you bust a move bust a move Oh
check it out Oh kill him kill him oh man
look uh tries the stall good job oh
we're both that both that that's going
on the block okay we just have to finish
lunch and we're just walking through
downtown busy and we're having such a
good time the kids are so cool
we've got kids pushing kids well the
contents about on a cruise with their
friends and their friends are like
wanting to push Jackson in the stroller
like okay okay I don't mind if I do
yeah peekaboo peekaboo
ha goodbyes are so hard but sometimes
you have to say goodbye it was good
seeing you continue to give Jackson a
hug and a kiss did we mention that
Jackson missed his first nap again Sofie
so tired good seeing you guys we love
you have a safe flight love you oh good
to see you see you love you guys okay
take care guys we'll see ya okay love
you bye oboe Elia Nellie finally met
hi dad hey guys I just got back from the
moms video and I met pretty much
everywhere on the moms view but I have
been dying to meet Hey kaeleen forever
like every time I go somewhere it's like
oh my Kaylee was just here and I'm like
are you kidding me I keep missing her
and so I saw Casey and I was like Casey
I'm really sorry but I'm kind of sick of
seeing you like I don't want to see your
face anymore
where is Caylee so anyway I finally got
to meet candy we got a picture together
it was just really fun to like finally
say hi in person you know so that kind
of made my day I'm glad your day was
been made my day has been made food it
has been made and his nose is really
runny I think those little teeth ours
are bothering him but I think the rest
of the day is just a relaxing day a lot
of you in the comments tape and really
cute to me saying yes Mellie just relax
just you know and that's why the last
night I did go out I just put my feet up
is because I was kind we're walking a
lot I am kind of overdoing it a little
which by the way my stomach looks here
just to the hey does it look huge
it's really big today but I think I want
to go look it's kind of cool to go in
the pool but I want to get Jackson
dressed and that's just let's do it
let's go hang out by the pool let's go
to the pool let's go - lets go - guys I
think we are officially just gonna relax
and it feels so good full day Jared -
Susu I mean I sit here I got this little
shawl to go over my swimming suit
and I've never had a little shawl like
this so kind of time to have it as a
special day it's a bull - all day no way
you're gonna go in the pool
I'm really excited let's get Jackson
down and we'll just watch him play
like what
he's totally just crawling like the
cleric I love this a lot of you guys
like Jack Jackson exploring in the sand
yesterday
same thing in the water these are all
the elements dude this is so fun as a
mom I just
look it's getting deep so Jared on his
face
you cutie patooties Jackson Jackson
Rooney he is like fearless fearless kid
if I let it he would go and try and swim
right now he's always fine enough if
there's more Stephanie going down yeah
yeah he's floatin I think it's sometimes
hard to express in the videos like our
emotions and our feelings so I just feel
like very tender right now I baby I just
think it's really special like being
Jackson like explore I just think it's
really cool
he lunges why is he so happy why is my
baby is so happy and you just his
happiness makes me happy he's just a
good boy
where do you think in what do you think
in he's never experienced something kind
of like this huh he loves it
storytime so here's a situation when
walking down the hall with two beautiful
ladies and two strapping young men me
being one of them : being the other we
are going down the hall Ellie Ellie
she's going she's going on the date with
a very important person the most
important person in our life right now
Jackson Renee okay you're right mr.
lewin the rest of us are going to our
Universal Studios and Ellie decided that
she's gonna stay here one because she's
pregnant too because she's tired
and I feel really bad and I'm gonna miss
you it'll be good for me I want to stay
here and I know that my feet are telling
me to sit yeah and I just want to show
you you will be thankful for sorry I'm
pulling up your shirt look how big your
belly looks today
oh wow how many more layers keep going
take it hold on but yeah we're going to
Universal Studios like you know I'm so
glad I didn't stand around at Universal
Studios
it doesn't just like happy juice that's
probably what people all right Apple P
here vomit
okay oh wait there's a cup see anyway
we're going to Universal Studios remind
us thinking as we didn't do it and I
promise
hey careful serious if someone spilled
something everywhere don't need
universal studios finally but Ellie's
gonna grab some dinner with Jackson and
I call it for the night but I'm excited
to go to is a Harry Potter Luthor
complex
I don't think what are they calling yeah
we're gonna have some fun
guys guess what playlist live hooked us
up and it is legit it is too legit we
are at Universal Studios and there is
the amazing globe that says Universal
Studios oh I'm so sad that Elly can't be
here right now she would have a blast at
this but she wanted me to go she has the
baby so I'm sticking along with Cullen
and Katie oh you know how we do yeah
we're gonna go meet up with Ryan and
Missy in Hogwarts or Diagon Alley one of
the Harry Potter reference but we're
gonna go on some rides it's gonna be a
lot of fun Universal Studios it's
literally closed down there's no one
here except for people from playlist
it's so cool like look the streets are
empty that there's a good old school
board that's so cool
this is gonna be a lot of fun I'm kind
of upset that Mellie's not here I really
kind of know I feel bad I feel so bad
autobots assemble Autobots transform
there we go Oh shakes is an Oh No
bumblebee is disappointed with me darn
it I'll do better next time I promise
that isn't that legit that is so cool
alrighty we're going on the Transformers
right he's cut in line I can't
this way I'm running I'm running
everybody for me guys guys wait for me
we're going on Transformers I'm secretly
this is the right restraint here we go
here we go here we go
was amazing the 3d was just it was cool
it was so intense that slow-mo you were
going like headfirst to the ground and
then ball might you see that do you feel
all that was so cool
guys we like doing it again it was
amazing we've got Katie Ritesh analysis
because it was just she was that good
and that was like an indoor roller
coaster it was amazing guys the coolest
thing I I'm so blown away there is no
one here we literally have zero lines
it's crazy because you see four rows of
lines that just wrap back and forth back
and forth and back one and we just walk
right up I like it is the coolest thing
where are we going next Bryan bro I'm
taking you to die go on alley let's get
some butter beer apparently we've come
upon Kings Cross and when you cross into
Kings Cross you've got a speaking of
British accent that's what you've got to
do we're in London bloody home back in
my hometown that's wonderful that's
brilliant
Lando to London instantly just like that
it's amazing just so you guys know we're
going into a place where Brian isn't
real and this is Brian's
amazing okay there we go
Wow look at that
come in you see that up there that's a
dragon holy cow
please we just got into Hogwarts no no I
can tell we're in Diagon Alley for my
fingers this is amazing I put a spell on
you is that the right one where is that
the disarmed one yeah okay I don't want
to drop my camera
I didn't want to drop my cameras look at
this guys this is this amazing look at
this this is this is Harry Potter world
right now
did you feel the heat on that that was
amazing I'm drinking a butter beer in
Three Broomsticks it's amazing
what do you think that's not bad that's
good right isn't that like creamy broth
II stuff good dream it's really good
yeah
no big deal just doing some awesome
stunts here look at them look at these
guys that's cool
don't touch it do it do it do it do it
toe touch toe touch that was good that
was good I want to tell you a little
something something tribe Tyler over
here who's just off to my left I can see
him right here five - Tyler and Haley
are doing this awesome trip to Europe
and they're doing an IndieGoGo campaign
and
Tyler is just this guy who does an
amazing high quality footage and I am a
firm believer that he when he when he
goes to Europe he's gonna get some of
the most amazing stuff
he's got the IndieGoGo campaign I'm
gonna have a link down below to check it
out if you can go help him out because
the perks that he has on there are
insane like they're so cool he's doing
like a photo book like it's it's
incredible oh it's right here oh dude
Liz you're off the hook look at this
this is Tyler's IndieGoGo campaign
you're almost halfway
dude you're almost halfway exactly this
El Elyon Jared they're gonna make it
happen for you you guys need to
contribute right now like Jared's on
board like yeah III contributor I
donated like a poster official t-shirt
t-shirts are here Ellie's the design on
that I just do tellin your wallet wallet
I'm feeling up wait wait oh yeah
feels good it feels nice it feels your
way a shirt should be as feeling good
naked
yes like a Polaroid and t-shirt what I'm
excited about
yeah custom photo print oh the hardcover
photo book oh that's what I'm excited
about
that's the hood that's the person's you
guys gonna go check out the website I'm
gonna have a link it down below it's
gonna be the very first thing
and it's I want you guys to go help him
out because he's gonna do some amazing
stuff thank you seriously seriously no I
like I believe you
how's it going what's your name very
good on a nice to meet you say hello I
we're finally reunited we've made it
back and I live my sweet sweet wife and
it was actually when I returned about to
be honestly maybe one of like but the
low-key content
relaxing nights I've had which is what I
think you need it yeah it was really
nice i sat down to dinner and then April
and Danny shut up and then Randy and and
I shut up and we just I had dinner with
my friends and it was so fun it was so
fun to talk with them and just be
relaxed and then even better shade up
and took Jackson also Jackson and
Jackson could play we've got a picture
of that that's why they write in so I
like didn't have Jackson's like 15
minutes it was great I just talked to my
friend Shay maybe you could babysit
Jackson a little bit more come on it's
not like you have five kids already it
was really wonderful night guys playlist
unfortunately has come to an end and
we've had so much fun with all of our
friends it's been amazing :
we'll make she does snore I guess that
does bats roommates it's been so much
fun we'll make sure to have all of our
friends and the description below if you
guys want to check any of them out but
we will see
to have a wonderful day and I think new
playlist again oh I think well this is a
repeat I think we'll do it again okay
see you guys tomorrow
