good morning guys the day of the meetup
so all us and our friends are getting
together we're having a big meet up
today and that we are in the green room
and they just have trees and fruit and
breakfast and I just saw that they had
rice krispie treats yes please thank you
very much I have to tell you though last
night the boys were up very late editing
Jared you're my you're my you're my man
Here I am your man the boys were up late
other Dean and Jared put : today I
thought babe
I talked to color then last night
because he fell it he was sleep editing
so he had his computer and he was
snoring I woke up and I was like I was
like you should tell him it wasn't like
a bad no no no it was loud and hey Jared
and Jared was like putting a water
bottle on you and he's like
Collin oh I forgot about you had a water
I had a water bottle and I was like oh
you have to shake it up you are a heavy
sleeper and I close the laptop I took it
off his lap his hands were still on it I
know his hands were like sliding as I
pulled the laptop who can he stay to
sleep I know I know
it was amazing it's okay it was really
funny it was good yeah Eric put call
into bed and enlist all of our kids to
bed
before we go to the meetup which may be
a few hours long Jax is gonna be really
tired so I'm letting him crawl around
and he literally has the whole room to
crawl around and play so he's just gonna
race he's gonna getcha he's gonna get
Jimmy's gonna get super good morning
okay we're going to the Meetup
you're about to walk in because the bowl
there you go hey everyone how's it going
I think we should do like a hands in
first and then hands in everyone all
right everyone hands in getting ready to
go on the meet up everyone hands in a
lot of fun we're gonna be a lot of
people oh my goodness
what do we say on three that works all
right let's go with the meetup doing our
little Mia there's a lot of people here
but specifically Acadian normal they've
been with us from the beginning and she
said that she's been watching us from
before we can see Jackson and it just
means a lot that you guys have supported
us so thank you very much we really do
appreciate it so Hayley looks here in
Florida just beach side right so you're
like you step out the door and you walk
out onto the beach and it's beautiful
all the time right no idea you walk out
oh yes so she lives up there Oh Oh
marriage proposal oh my gosh she said
yes look at that ring that's a real like
a shell yeah sorry my signals are
swells because I pregnant yeah that is
that looks like really closer we'll see
show and they make it into a ring that's
so cool
thank you so much well thank you
I know what I want I want a present
right here it's also a stick but you can
snap the foot look look look interesting
a picture we did the future we're living
in the brush that would be a really fun
gift for us I can we got our height
thank you
well that yeah you should get me that
here oh we should get that seriously hey
of me when I had this is an Emily and
she just reminds me of life like when I
was just you and the lawn you're just
cute just like cutest little girl you
ever did say thank you so much for
coming to see me and dad actually thumbs
up to dad like you are good you are good
moms and dads make this possible yeah so
thank you guys have to be so quiet
Jackson just fell asleep you totally
fell asleep Randy don't wake him up
is so loud and so far she's really high
touch it I just so coarse just so
jealous because like I can't I know
oh wow transfer it to you there's a beer
transfer so no he's done really tired
he didn't even fuss he did really well
next time I next time I grow up here
it's gonna be big pushy and rent amazing
just you wait so we're trying to take a
selfie with this guy and smile I have a
smile smile Haven are you smiling come
on Ellie points camera there we go David
it's nice to meet you nice - beautiful
huge shoes on cuz I have to keep up with
it trait I like them it's the first
thing I noticed I was like I like her
outfit maybe and I just think I woke
Jackie sorry
Polly was up where you play with Jackson
you want some crackers you and Jackson
can share these and maybe a new little
friend we are just wrapping up and Ollie
and Jackson are taking the time to have
a little snack so Jackson's getting some
snacks and all he's jumping up and
sharing some snacks
boy I love these kids oh I just love my
little boys I love you one of the meetup
jack 6t shy fun meeting all those people
yeah okay
we just finished our meetup not too long
ago got some food in our bellies took a
nap Jackson slept over
I'm proud of him with all the commotion
and chaos that's been going on Jax has
been like a real trooper but now we're
going to hit up some booths check out
what playlist has to offer outside the
panel's I'm going to hang out and make
them all I was just going to say are we
going to have the hoops and play some
basketball
absolutely we're here to trick some
booth prepping some tricks
check it out Jack Jack what do you think
but you like it you're all put on him I
think it looks good on it these boys are
going to go play a little bball I will
they are we're going to see no broken
tools toes : hurt I want I won't be an
audit included I'm making you everything
you enjoy it feels so good to be outside
we've been cooped up in this huge
mansion hotel forever and it feels good
to get outside feel the warm sunshine on
us I'm going to go wash the boys go play
some basketball maybe Jackson will play
in the grass so I thought for him this
is different kind of grass it's kind of
like pokey grass and it's thicker than
what you're used to
oh my goodness I bet this feel so good
the boys are all going to go play a
little bit of basketball and this gives
Jackson a chance to crawl on something
other than hotel carpet and you can
actually feel the Sun on his body but it
looks like he'll end up just crawling on
the cement first you may not be better
but and you're this will be so fun for
him to crawl around in explore and I'm
not
even gonna care I don't even think
you've ever felt sand look at this sand
if we have time we'll go to the beach
but for now this will have to do Oh new
experience new texture whoa you are so
precious I would normally probably not
do this at home but this poor kid I just
want him to do whatever he pleases
because he has been stuck in a stroller
a car seat he's been adapting to our
schedule so he's just gonna play and I'm
just gonna be happy to watch him play as
long as he doesn't put sand in his mouth
he's good
no son that's so cool he's like digging
his fingers in it look at his trail look
at this baby snail trail oh my gosh that
is so cute
Jackson also has a collection of rocks
now he whew that cool
he keeps grabbing rocks and he has a
little pile right here
I can't a little pot right here Linda
keeps putting those rocks on he's been
doing really good to not put sand and
stuff in his mouth you crawling on your
knees it's so cute
are you cheering the boys on hello are
you there can you see me oh we just got
this camera I cannot get the lens to
open up yeah hold it I've been crazy
good luck okay here there there we go
guys we're gonna have to switch over to
the other camera so just hold your
horses for just a little bit and we'll
switch over ready one two three
a lot of walking today we've been going
to panels we've been seeing people
meeting people and I'm not gonna lie my
feet are very swollen and I'm feeling
really really dizzy and I know I need to
drink a little bit more water so I
started drinking a little bit more but
we are going to go out of the hotel
where there's so many people it's kind
of crazy we're going to go to dinner
with all of our friends and I'm going to
get some good food in me for babycakes
we're a starvin Marvin family we are
ready to eat but are tired
however the camera can you guys see us
are we in focus yes let's let's tell a
story here real quick story time story
time story time story done alright so we
we call TGI Fridays were like we have a
big party coming in we've got to reserve
a place they don't take reservations so
we're like oh you're good with your big
group totally just come on in yeah 17
people yeah there's no one waiting right
now you should go just like good we get
to TGI Fridays oh sorry there's an hour
wait no no that's not what you said it's
what's going on then we get a phone call
they're at a different TGI Fridays with
an Olive Garden across the sort that
would devil into the factory we said
yeah we're at the TGI Fridays with the
Olive Garden across the street
apparently there's an Olive Garden
across the street at that one too so we
are waiting now we're going to the Olive
Garden across the street yeah we're
going to the TGI Fridays with you all
other Olive Garden aggressive Street
we're waiting for the uber right look at
our kids like they're just they're so
good there they are doing whatever - we
just worried we just have a weird it's
super frustrating but work with dude
goos from a lot of people who's throwing
else I'd rather uh travel
with no key the wrong place for the
wrong place with there's no one else
status update we're going to the right
TGA we're doing good yeah we're hanging
in there we're hanging in there now that
we know we have a plan it's the lettuce
Wade we're good to go we're good to go
oh guess what guess what we finally made
it we made it to the right TGI Fridays
everyone say hi oh my gosh we finally
made it seriously
we're exhausted right now but we're
finally here and we are ready
down down down down dun dun dun dun dun
dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun dun da
gotcha
round two white dandumb dandumb done
done done done done done done done did I
miss where to go Oh
however I think it went like right gonna
go right between you whoa so let's just
walk around here real quick let's Lee
introduce you to all of our friends and
family members here we've got a bunch of
people coming around you guys all
probably already know April and Davy oh
yeah what's up guys so how close are you
a hundred thousand we are six hundred
subscribers away four thousand three
thousand it is so cool you guys are
gonna get the we just got ours not
too long ago and it is it's it's being
on the wall it's it's not up yet guys go
check out it's a hair one-on-one with
April so check out their tone and help
them get out of the thousands that's
cool
and we've got guys Josh and Joey what's
your channel it's about time it's the
bugs live and we've got Randy and Anna's
a Randy Anderson yeah and Randy's gonna
let me play his guitar sometime he's got
a Breedlove and that is my favorite kind
of guitar is that is my brand of guitar
I love it it's like less than you
brought it yeah they're in the car I
might have to touch it tonight
we've got our host Colin and Katie
and we've got clintus McGinn says hola
weed wife sweet sweet Y we also have
random Missy over there and then of
course we've got because of you guys so
fun I'm so excited to be here we've got
our friends here and it's awesome I
can't believe that just happened
Ellie just gave Jackson on the lemon
without me having the camera this is I
get into all of it
by Ross by with her I walk yeah it's in
the river yeah buddy
oh it goes back me more what is going on
over here I'll just being a Jack Jackson
just ate alignment so be sure to go
watch that on that Jerry Kelly's channel
got everything oh they're having so much
fun why are like there
yeah they're playing together this is so
cool because I just get me them now
finally I just want some milk
why are you doing that bro hey party
foul
I think Cohen's day was just made in
fact I think he's weak or maybe even a
month was just made he's hanging out
right now that's Alex from there doing
looking at some target ball now that's
so funny that's so
so we just got back from the party and
oh look what we stumbled upon two of the
most amazing all incredible know what
what are you doing are you meeting
without us our dessert I was painting
close to you will give me taking you up
I want some cake hey guys we are just
sitting outside the hall just eating a 1
a.m. semadar deal but if the person who
else I thought again outside but I just
wanted to say thank you to everybody
that we met today it was so cool to meet
all of the people there and we've got
another panel tomorrow yeah tomorrow we
have a panel and is taking pictures up a
spawn new Erica erica don't be so sneaky
but we have sorry touched on it at our
and our meetup there's a lot of you guys
that we met there did you fart again
there were a lot of parents that we met
and that was really fun to meet the
parents as the parents make a bottle I
know so you kids be grateful for your
parents because that was nice and it's
so true it's so true but really thank
you guys it was fun to meet you we're
gonna post lots of pictures on Twitter
and Instagram but we will see you guys
tomorrow
the party's just begun
