Oh
yeah
that's awesome
welcome to playlist live
good morning guys I cannot call it off
like gin the blog thanks mate good
morning guys it seriously feels so good
I think everybody can raise their hands
and say hallelujah because both our
babies love all through the night
Holland I was seriously so worried I was
like Jackson's gonna keep Macy Gaines up
or vice versa and none of us parents are
gonna sleep but actually was really a
good set up so thanks for calling Katie
for bringing a pack and play so Jackson
didn't have to use the uncomfortable
hotel bed but huge thanks to calling
Katie for letting us share room together
honest oh yeah
we're so excited to be in the room with
them and yeah I opened up there Jericho
almost took a shower together even I'm
not gonna lie anyway when you're up when
you're a little bit of time you have to
make do you know you've got to do things
you've got to improvise yeah we're
starving let's go so we can eat Jackson
you look all dapper like eating a little
cookie before breakfast I see that face
i teed up face it came and it came just
in time guys I want to show you this
this is one of the coolest things ever
and I'll tell you why
a lot of you guys know that I like to
shave as like a hobby I have an
interesting shaving kit with is it's an
old style brush double edge razor and I
like that a lot it's kind of like a
hobby of mine and so I got this right
here which is a different kind of
shaving kit it's from Harry's and I'm
really excited to Shane with it because
it's playlist you got a look good for
playlist so I'm going to shave with that
here real quick so like I said you guys
know I'm a big fan of like high quality
shaving sets and just look at this isn't
that legit isn't that cool it's too
legit it's too legit but now I must quit
wow this is actually oh wow it's like
weighted that's heavy
actually it's not as heavy as I thought
it would be it for actual razor it's
it's pretty heavy and it's funny because
when you shave it's actually the weight
of the razor that you want to use to
pull down not necessarily the weight of
your hand so that's very important
that's actually really cool I'm going to
start shaving with us
no but at all I do say I do say it's not
bad at all
one of the things that's interesting
about razors the people the reason why
people don't like shaving is because
razors will dull fast a cool thing about
this is they ship it for free to your
house you don't have to go to the
grocery store like buy razors so that's
that's one thing that I like about this
I hate when I shave with a dull razor
and that's I think one of the coolest
thing about these boxes that just come
to your house it ships for free and you
get sharp sharp high-quality blades so
what do you think look pretty good
am i a new man you look so handsome
handsome enough to take me on a date
from Ballentine oh I can't look like
Valentines
you do your you look really good so
here's here's the thing guys this is
something that I never really thought of
as like a gift as a shaving set but
because I got it well we have given a
gift right but because I have got it
Andras and giving it as a gift shaving
kits are honestly like one of the
coolest things you can get as a guy so I
have a cool thing for you guys Harry's
has a code that they made just for us
using the code Ellie and Jared right
here you can get the whole Truman set
for $10 it's normally 15 they're giving
you five dollars off if you try it out
so go to their website I'll have a link
down below it's ten bucks for the truman
set and it's that the stuff that I just
used right here check it out because
it's awesome and like I said whether
it's playlist live Valentine's Day
anything that you need to look good for
a good shaving kit is a good gift so
check it out get these two cute dad look
at these cute - Jimmy Snap is here girls
are calling it mr. Gaines in there we go
you guys are so good boys we're gonna go
to a a little Klan all today little
panel today and the psychology yeah a
whole Jesus oh look Jared tell y'all
about I'm going to stay here with
Jackson and I'm gonna put him down for a
nap I just want him to stay well rested
and
I really kind of want to go I think
it'll be best if I just put down for a
nap I'll rest a little bit myself and
then we'll all go to lunch thank you you
are a great mom oh thank you and you
have pink lipstick on them all right
playlist can now officially begin
Jackson woke up from his nap and Ellie
is here oh I'm running at chairs Ellie
Jackson a buddy okay bud
okay I need that I need that how are you
he's like get me out in here we're going
on operation mission mission oh I'm
going the wrong way already I have to
run up back to the room to get a sippy
cup and some other things for the kids
because we totally forgot them and I
have to run so fast because everyone's
leaving I have to get there really go
ahead so operation mission mission blood
through the crab do the crab everyone
run hello hello excuse me hey hi can I
just say one of the coolest things about
playlist so far is actually just being
able to meet everyone seeing all the
people to be more coming out to see you
the people who are creating everything
is just so cool I'm so grateful that
we're here I'm so grateful to you guys
that traveled such a long way to come
see us it's so cool to be able to meet
you guys so thank you we just walked
outside and there it's like a huge
gathering this is what I love about
please yeah Randy and Ayana here and
then we've got the it's the bug's life
say hi guys and I'm Jackson Mike
Jack no it's not even the people that
want to sell Jackson Jackson's like I'm
gonna just jump into your arms like
every person you meet he's like oh let
me what I want you to hold me please
it really is the case I told her I'm
like we gotta have a stronghold on
Jackson because every time someone used
us he was armed I want the person to
hold on like to have got that I was
really funny but Randy and Anna they may
they are daily bloggers in Alabama and
they were walking out and I was eating
lunch and there was someone that I
really wanted to meet because I feel
like we have a lot in common
and they walked out as IBM said they
didn't hear me and I like drop my feet
on buttocks I didn't want them to go I
may not say hi so I was really happy
that me definitely them but everyone's
joining and out like we've got groups
over here groups over here inside there
screams which is really fun to get out
of the hotel and me everybody
oh sorry sorry whereas how's it going
it's going good
go ahead how are you good oh it's so
good to see you guys um I'm ready there
you go so we're just walking around the
hotel and I just have to show you right
here this pool is legit like this is
this resort
ha ha ha ha kids play pad up and over
slides everything look at that water
slide you guys see that water slide
right there hot tub over there
seasons warming work we're definitely
gonna dip our toes and you if you know
what I mean look how beautiful Florida
is I know it's not the pool view that we
had yesterday but it's still pretty
amazing floor was beautiful and the sun
is shining and it's warm when we first
got outside it was freezing cold but now
it's warm it's nice we're excited
Ellie and I just walked up back to the
room and it's because we I have to take
care of some business some very
important business and I have to resort
to using this he kind of jokingly handed
to me but I don't know if he was under
present joking because let's be honest
poo stinks so I've got this poo pourri
that I'm gonna try here puto neum ha ha
ha a puto neum review oh my gosh ok
let's try it out I um yeah I'm gonna try
that I'm gonna try some poo pourri Ellie
says she's gonna pick up a little bit
pick up the poo pourri poo poo poo poo
poo do you guys remember what we talked
about poo all the time we still had to
do this is for all the last videos where
we didn't talk about poo this is making
up for that right now poo poo poo Ellie
come tell me the verdict come smell with
your smelly smell smell wait you're
right though I think so I felt you know
I don't even want take a big whiff is it
good is it desirable can't you Intel
that you've been in there really
Oh cuz I listen I will tell you what I
do poo pourri smells like thieves spray
them so we have to spray yeah
swears but Newbury like she takes it
with it like I had it in Katie's yeah
yeah Ellen was like oh you're going to
the bathroom like if he had it in his
hand he's like any was slow motion Oh
Jackson's new trick question Jackson's
new trick I was standing here and I was
like oh my gosh is he and in the
stroller he's okay he's like let's get
up oh he's trying he's trying come on
dude you can do it
he wasn't doing that earlier he just
jumped in he's probably done it so much
he's a little tired now
now I have you so he was just sitting
there when you were well this is what he
does that felt renown oh hell like stand
up and yell for a sec hey sit down
he sat here like for five minutes while
you went to the bathroom he just just
hanging out just hanging out here I'm
comfortable where I am and what position
I'm in and Lucky's got like a smile on
his face what a kid I feel like we're
trying to go get something to eat it's
just one big YouTube gathering we got
Jared Logan and Katie and Colin and
Haley we got you're saying everybody in
those experience I just want to eat but
we wanna say hi to everybody too
it's just kind of fun to just see
everybody oh and there's April I gotta
go see I recently actually just fell in
April and she it does it's huge Beauty
just loves as well but seriously that's
okay he loves you too lay your head down
lay your head down Ali's feeling talked
about me ah later done good job jack
hahaha where's ollie
where's your friend huh yeah there he is
oh yeah hey hi I think they're sec me
closer you like each other
oh that's what we're looking for how
good of friends they are for only being
here just don't know who they are I just
think it's crazy with how with how
little they are especially Jackson that
they know that they're friends I get
seriously I woke up this morning and I
was thinking last night when they met
and they were hugging I was like what
you know that was a precious moment when
they when they first saw each other and
hug like it was very precious like they
are friends they're gonna be friends
forever yeah and they're gonna like
I just feel like it's I yeah yeah out
out
I love he's so tired right now but his
tired laugh at the mouth so you kids cry
when they're really tired are you just
loud something that's kind of crazy to
me is they go out that's good crazy they
have security for where we are and then
they have everybody just wants to meet
everybody just hanging out there's just
there's groups everywhere between you
and then they have security and we're
liking youtubers around the talent as I
keep it kind of organized and safe but I
just I think it's kind of cool it's
different to see just so many people
waiting at the security line to like
they had everyone be oh yeah it's really
just yeah yeah it's fun to stroll by
ever don't you baby
guess you guys please I'm so sorry so
sorry there's very important discussing
out there right now Laura Jackson there
interrupting was know whether or not my
solid concrete the story whether they're
negative roles are interviewed by
someone because we want to make sure
that so we found a room where some of us
each others can go and grab a few snacks
for some reason Jared and bright are the
what they're doing I thought it was
Musical at first but now it looks more
oh it's bee guy and you put Jackson down
so Jackson so Jackson's going to go
crawl around
oh it's being competition is out there
to cheer dad line cheer daddy line are
you to mine you done good
twelve eleven Jared's plate I put
Jackson in the stroller to watch a new
house of your teeth daddy on it I went
and raided the tree because I have some
bananas goldfish if you crackers I grab
some extra crackers for Jackson for
tomorrow because tomorrow's our meetup
it is a big day so I needed a little on
hand so have a banana that I'll feed
Jackson a minute
okay Jared that was really intense
we lost oh hell we lost with our dignity
it was fun I just I thought you're
really attractive
this guy's a ringer he did wonderful
yeah you've been playing like three or
four games already for the fact that he
was that warm up we had the warmer I'm
gonna call I'm gonna call him a me P of
the game no thank you
I was a good next time next time you're
like what's happening or worthy of home
thank you I mean look at me right now
the goal is back in the little thing
perfect but he's like grab it oh hey oh
no it's too exciting you see the
electrical outlet that's what I'm home
is the light oh one more one more in the
hole right here yeah no no my sister
Bonnie is gonna die they have a tart
little station over here that makeup
brand tart and I we have sweetheart what
a career like sweetheart and I met over
and I was like I was like I love makeup
I was just looking around and watching
everything and I was talking to her
about our blog channel stuff and she
goes well here's a little goodie bag
Missy show us what's in it okay we got
palette palette it's a little blush of
the shimmery powder yeah yeah yeah and I
can like I like your eyeliner those
Jordan that is cool I'm getting even
within your entity I think they're all
the same I'm gonna check it out so this
is a little palette and then what's in
it is like a little bronzing powder a
blush and a highlighter is it that
beautiful oh my gosh I wouldn't if they
are these out yet look how pretty those
are
aren't those pretty I think that's so
fun Jackson can you reach for the stars
oh you so happy I'm so proud of Jackson
he's been really good I was able to step
away today and give him a few naps
because I know tomorrow can get very
many now is we have to be so quiet
because we're buddy the kids to sleep
and we have a babysitter and Molly yeah
we just we just brought it down and can
they were gonna sleep over gates Jackson
now all you're not gonna sleep in the
same room and we're gonna go out dinner
and that code it out a party we're gonna
go to a party - hi
you look more okay look you look more
than okay le you look great I on the
other hand look like a lumberjack I'm
going for the lumberjack look that's
what I'm doing I just may just wanted
white dress and I found on this option
long enough yes it's perfect you look
great
we're in the party room the ladies are
getting pretty the guys are getting
snazzy where's Cohen Cohen get out of
the pot in the bathroom oh you went to
get ice oh he went to give you a oh okay
I thought it was sitting on the toilet
sitting on the toilet sitting on the
toilet
mmm is that a song you just sitting on
the toilet it's this huge you should
know the toilet area and flush Shh let
me know if you like that video down
below if you know what I'm fine doesn't
know what I'm talking about I didn't you
guys don't have that video I know a
video and you guys don't yeah this is
like amazing all day Jerry's been like
yeah sometimes I feel bad because I
don't know that youtubers are here okay
that's all right you're this is what
it's all about it's meeting people yeah
so that's what I'm excited about but we
just ordered some pizza we're gonna have
it deliver to the room and we are gonna
pod a position store why it was like her
mother's purse Super Trouper activity
there isn't this hotel room like look I
could not do this there's a reason I
wanted to put our beds together but
someone thought it was a bad idea
Canadian do the work like can you do the
world I'm gonna work I can only do the
work backwards and it's been a while
really yes okay we all have the same
camera now we all should switch SD cards
and Switchfoot address we each get a
random clip of some way to be funny free
machine boom that's the button on the
side you okay Jared I'm way in huh wait
so what do I do
oh I know there's so much more then you
don't before a party you get pizza right
we're having a party before the party
look by the way Jared this this dial
look yeah it's amazing what this is the
whiteness well it's not doing it now
that I have to stop logging then do it
see now look how bright it is I probably
overdid it I think it's a little over
Bowser yeah I yeah Oh or did it just now
working yeah it is
gotcha wait a door um but it looks so
good anyway we're just grabbing a little
bite to eat bus rolls almost never
yeah
that's awesome
welcome to playlist live do you like the
car that I reserved for you I've been
watching your video like he told you is
like I'm editing and I'm like okay I'm
watching Lily yeah this is my wife
Garrett loves you and your hair is
pretty cool that's pretty awesome it's
finally gonna happen this is finally
gonna happen yeah right Tyler and Louie
hurt how'd you guys now know Tyler and
Louie organized and then your hair's
going to touch an enemy
this is the magic moment
yeah there it is really going yeah I'll
get out of the way
yeah
there's a fine like a line thing there
I
and
you
look how cute they are oh my goodness
look at that sweet hugs me baby happy
her too much I just got to do it
I got it I've got to do my duty as okay
now we're going to bed is that guys
watch yeah thanks for watching guys stay
tuned to this tomorrow it's going to be
awesome we have our Meetup and this can
be so
we'll make sure of all of our friends
link down below cuz you guys have it
cook it out check them out yo tomorrow
bye
