okay we just got to the airport we may
be running a little bit late it is 625
and our flight leaves in twenty or
thirty five minutes and we just checked
our bags we go through security right
now we name it we even came early yeah
and I give this breakfast that's like
what I'm worried about is like Ellie's
making that breakfast but I have a
vanilla buyer Jim all right let's go
through security
Jackson we made it we made this light
but you have to touch the airplane for
good luck touch it good job if you need
it just to tell you and Jared when a bow
sprintin oh my god rapido rapido yes
he's so much Jackson
yes so good I have nothing to complain
are you ready Jackson are you ready
you're ready for an airplane montage
Jackson are you ready for an airplane
montage here we go
you
you
no don't do to get you know I'm gonna
get you I'm gonna get you guys we have
made it to the hotel we are in Florida
cold it's not cool I like sweating I'm
cold I'm Jackson did really good on the
flights oh my gosh the first flight he
was kind of antsy and crying cuz he was
up before I am and then the second
flight those are four hour flight he was
a champ sat in the seat belt seat belt
hood seat for two hours took a 45-minute
nap on me did really well he watched
like the first half of wreck-it Ralph
yeah but anyway I just wanted to give
you that little update I am really
nervous about the sleeping arrangement
with sharing with Maisie gains not that
we don't want to sure but I worried that
Jackson's going to keep everyone up he
is a little snot-nosed teary-eyed
teething mess teething mess last night
was really rough I'm sleeping wise no
one really slept and he didn't take a
nap when we got to the hotel he's just
been really upset but he's happy and no
kind of I don't know but we're starving
and our friends just came Missy and
Brian we're gonna go eat it was
wonderful seeing clintus and tiffany
already and we're waiting for Colin and
Katie to show up and finish the party
freshest double blue logon they totally
remember each other they totally
remember each other they're so high did
you give him a kiss he's happy to see
his friend Jackie's like no I'm not
going to bed watch her watch he says
Jackson guy said I know I heard you he
said Jackson ACOG
I love it getting a little too excited
your guys let's be honest when you are
traveling and especially flying all day
you usually don't eat that much and if
you do eat it's overpriced and it's
probably not that good I was able to
snag one of Jackson's bananas but really
I haven't eaten that much today and Baby
Cakes is definitely letting me know that
he is starving he is punching your baby
cakes too Brian
all of our baby cakes are punching us we
are starving we are at the rest where we
are the hotel and there is a restaurant
here that we're just going to grab pops
ties cakes and pasta but these kids are
tired workers are tired but we're hungry
so let's go eat first guys the party can
begin
: and Katy finally made it and look look
at this precious booster cream I picked
her up he did we shouldn't eat reminder
it's so Jackson is such a social baby
when they came in he's yeah
Jackson's not wearing any clothes right
now but when they walked in he reached
out to them as like give me a hug he
literally reached out to you guys and
wanted to see you look at it look at his
clothes hanging up you're way past your
bedtime home really
Jackson look at this snack box that
Colin and Katie brought okay hi mom the
I brought a lot of snacks look at my
snacks I have like juice boxes and
swedish fish no no no I'm using : Katie
snack box athletic box that's a snack
Sookie that is even Jackson loves it you
got almost the entire
we've got privacy in awesome Sam was
here he just decided he's checking in
right now okay I think we should get a
picture real quick and brother cheese
wore one because I need a thumbnail too
because I want to get a bit yeah
so to berate the other title toggle is
going to title thumbs Oh Sam Sam Sam Sam
there's Sam ladies and gentlemen Sam has
entered a bit like bad
you've got your swag on I was just
telling them that we need to get a
picture together so like the shirt
brothers Okies didn't know sanneh so I
think room service just said 45 minutes
person maybe they said four to five what
I'm almost fighting baby here that would
be really everything here has been oh
it'll be about 10 minutes and then it's
been like a half hour we may all have to
shower and then eat our ice cream should
I own that I can just be like can I
double check that time yeah
the babies are asleep in the room and
Jared me call Katie everybody everything
they said I would say today we're all
your hallway because we are going to eat
a dessert tell our baby sleeps so we're
keeping an eye on the room but baby see
if we're gonna get a dessert so we
called room service back it was 45
minutes to give a slice of cake so we're
like no no no we're just gonna use a
cone John wheelbarrow snacks and drinks
that's here so we're gonna enjoy that
and I think that's gonna be for the vlog
since for watching I got to take a
picture look look those guys this is so
fun
this is playlist this is playlist live
2050 oh we're in the party alright
thanks so much for watching guys have a
wonderful day stay tuned for some
awesome episodes episodes we'll see you
guys tomorrow bye
