well looky looky what we have here we
have a mini refrigerator in a juice box
and some juice and milk oh yeah we have
new carpet son what are we doing here
huh obstacle course a new crib Oh Dada
Dada Dada the essentials ready I'm ready
Oh funny what Jackson do I do that Raju
is me no Joey's me let's go bud you can
go on the bed we're not home not now you
could jump on the beds Oh what do you
think buddy pretty keen one to see who
you have the whole king bed to yourself
yes that's true we are in the hotel I
like laying it against the pillows cuz
you sit so cute the first thing you have
to do in a hotel is jump on the bed fine
lay back Oh get your hands out of your
mouth yeah chilling on that I like which
is Tian and Abed snuggling nope nope I
guess we're not smells like mom it's my
dad I've been watching his hands because
I don't want to touch his mouth he's
been crawling but guys yes we are at a
hotel so we are in Salt Lake so James
don't like say wow it's Salt Lake City
we are going to fly out really early in
the morning and usually we drive to my
parents house because I parents are 45
minutes from the airport but because it
is so early tomorrow that we're flying
out and we had a huge meeting in Salt
Lake today we just decided to get a
hotel right next to the airport we're
like we're like two minutes away from
the airport we didn't want to wake up
Ali's parents any earlier than they
already do take us to the airport we're
like we might as well just be five
minutes away from
Airport we're already in Salt Lake and
it's like two hours away from our house
so let's just get the hotel yeah it's
all good data inside it's except I love
this this is like my favorite thing ever
I don't love that
Jackson crawls around that's just
something I as a now he's kind of a
germaphobe I know I'm not a germaphobe
but like in other places I am like so
you're kind of a germaphobe anyway it's
a bullet I'm okay
it's good I just I watch his hands they
don't want to like he got pinkeye last
time we don't know I don't want him to
like crawl around the floor and then
just put his hands yeah yeah I just hey
gay you are hidden peekaboo
so anyway we are here and I thought it
would be a fun simple short throwback
Thursday to share with you guys when Jer
so lots lots lots to run every thing
that we have done when Jared started his
previous job and the previous job has
been the biggest blessing Jackson's been
the biggest blessing babycakes said that
has been the biggest blessing YouTube
has been the biggest blessing
well Jared started this job and it was
when life wasn't working out for a
school wasn't working out babies weren't
working out he got this wonderful job
that paid decent that we felt
comfortable it was a huge improvement on
our life that we hadn't experienced a
long time so we I got the job and I was
just like oh I have this job and it's
amazing and it's incredible and like oh
my gosh how could we Jackson even was
like oh um it was it was a huge blessing
- new job to this day it's been a life
changer we don't usually talk about
Jared's old jobs because we may go back
to one one day you know and so we Jared
got this wonderful job I had just
started working in this in a more
high-end salon and Jared's
the office sent him there there's a
three week training that you have to go
through and they're the it's either in
Salt Lake or Colorado and this time
around it was in Salt Lake City and if
you live further than 50 miles away from
the training center they put you in a
hotel and guess how far away we live
50/50
two miles I had a friend who was like a
couple miles away from us who had to
drive every single day and I felt so bad
but at the same time I was like I'm in
the hotel with my new pillow it was
honestly it was a brand new hotel
I just built it it was so it was
pristine it clearly was clean it smelled
good it was amazing and it was a suite
so I had my bedroom and then there was a
wall and then there was like a lounge it
was amazing it was so good and I just
started this nice work so I didn't want
to take a whole bunch of time off and
make my boss mad at me so I I was able
to get like two days off and for two
days I drove up in the winter blizzardy
store it was there was that was hard to
stop one car I thought it was it wasn't
was it the blue car yeah it was it
wasn't okay yes it was we had an old old
old car but um anyway Jarrod I got him
here went home worked for a week and
then came for two days and those two
days I didn't get ready
I didn't we have a picture on Instagram
of us ordering room service we'll post
right now and we went to though we went
to the pool and I laid in bed while
Jared was at his office training for
like eight hours I laid in the hotel bed
like eight hours and watch HGTV like
home didn't have Jackson it was
basically like your free time by
yourself it was so fun it was so fun I
laid in bed all day for two days we we
ordered room service we went in sat in
the hot tub and we went swimming and it
was like it was honestly better than our
honey babe it was better than our
honeymoon son that's a good throwback
Thursday oh my god
we're never telling you about we
seriously it was really fun and so I
just thought those are over by
Thursday cuz we walked in and I was like
this is so fun like I love staying in
hotel
I totally remind you of it huh it was it
was so much fun and I think honest
those were the moments that we were
vlogging then but we weren't blogging
every single day so we don't I wish get
any of that I wish we vlog cuz then we
could go back and remember it I know
better than we are I know I told Jared
I'm like why don't we blog any of that
like we were videoing at the time but so
here's here's something if you guys are
thinking about vlogging whether it's
it's for just for your own personal
history and everything start now
in fact start a week ago yeah I wish
that we would have remembered this
starting out you don't need a film all
day like 20 minutes like we used to get
40 minutes of footage but it's like
we've been able because we've been doing
it so long that it's like we film and we
get 12 minutes and that that's that's a
good fog to us and sometimes we'll get
18 minutes and that's good too but I
wish that we would have remarked just
one clip just one little of the day
mm-hmm yeah and and that's that's all
you need if you're driving a turtle yeah
start filming more honestly because
there's so many different ways to share
it to store it to keep it you know it's
it makes sense you know this is this is
basically our way of writing in our
journal it's just totally video and we
love it and I'm so grateful that we can
do it I'm so grateful that we're going
to Florida to be with people who do it
and to meet people who watch ours and
I'm so excited for Florida I can't wait
to get on the airplane and fly with
Jackson and you and it's gonna be so
much fun I'm very excited but like I
said it was like the biggest blessing
whinger had started this job and he
worked two jobs the job before that he
worked in a social media with a social
media guy it was like a at home business
and he liked that that was the biggest
blessing of our life everything is just
then we're just grateful so it's been
fun to be here that's a dog Thursday but
Thursday American gladiator style Oh Shh
huh Jackson rune each boxer Rudy are we
going in the pool this is Jackson's
third flight tomorrow call he flies more
than we ever know yes seriously I
probably took my first fly when I was 16
years old no I was a little bit on
the worth action I actually remember was
I was 16 it's up to a boy who he was
climbing in on around upside-down
throughout our suitcases and this crib
is tiny he we tried to get him to taken
out it was a no-go I'm I'm nervous for
sharing him a : and Katie and Macey
games let me just say in advance let me
just say in advance
I'm sorry Cullen I am sorry Katie I am
sorry Macey gains for if anything bad
happens if Jackson keeps us up all night
I apologize in advance he's a good baby
but we're in the wrong together it'll be
fun we're gonna party and it's going to
be a lot of fun but now to end the vlog
there's something very important we have
to do what we have to do couch jumps to
the bed in 60 frames per second Hey look
how good baby hates legs today look at
your belly your ginormous in a good way
and I don't care I can jump on the bed
let's do it again and we'll do it in
Turks tea tray
all righty guys thank you so much for
watching I hope you have a wonderful day
stay tuned for tomorrow it's the first
day that we'll be in Florida for
playlist live thank you guys again have
a wonderful day I will see you
