good morning good morning good morning
to you how come you're ready and mom is
not sometimes that's just how it is I
got Jackson's finger nails clipped
I have his toe nails clipped for our
trip so that he's all clean and not
gonna scratch anyone and he's wearing a
new shirt today it's a little big on him
but he looks like such a big boy
Jerrod you haven't seen it yet look at
this look good yeah it says finisher
I love it it's your finish shirt mommy
finish let's see it's summer reindeer is
there any work look how cute he is he
looks like such a big boy Oh me Aki
sound uh pinky are you gonna go on this
up in the sauna
I'm gonna go on the sound up no you're
to do to garden is done we should do
some punk oh I think I think it's all
I'm so I can't remember so where you
going to the sauna you get really really
hot and then you jump into the frozen
lake that would be very are you gonna
leg and you go back but if he looks like
such a big boy he's changed a lot this
past week yes you are a grown boy yes
you are yes you are he was saying cookie
the whole time I was giving him a bath
and you wanna kick cuz I gave him a
cookie prior to clipping his nails
Jackson can you say cookie say cookie
of course I'm in the other room
editing Ellie's video and I hear Jerry
no but I'm like what's going on what's
wrong and not two minutes after we fill
in that first clip Jackson got a bunch
of lipstick on his shirt Oh Jackson come
on smile buddy
smile okay he's like mom got mad at me
I'm awesome I think I'm not smiling I'm
gonna smiling I'm gonna smile it I'm not
smiling I'm not smiling at all I'm not
smiling at all hey what a stinker
he's right max I took it away from him I
was like dang it you were supposed to
get hot one guys I feel so so productive
yesterday did not know how I was gonna
get it done but I finally Jackson is
such a good boy to take a nap he sat
down I filmed a few videos I really
don't know how good they turned out I
hope that they turned out well I did a
little eyelash mascara review video
hopefully it turns out but : just made
my day
Cullen and Katie and Maisie Gaines :
just instagrammed he said when you find
out your playlist roommate has the same
favorite toy you ship it so like those
two are like so together and dating
that's kind of what ship it means right
Jared huh but Maisie gains her little
toy look is that giraffe and then
Jackson yesterday in the vlog I told you
that was one of his favorite his one of
his favorite toys and so I so I thought
back and I was like no way I said I
won't feel so bad when both the babies
have their annoying toy on all night
long I won't feel so bad you like
gangsta everyday struggle baby everyday
struggle you look handsome I am so
excited for playlist like I'm very :
Brian and I have been texting each other
back and I'm just like super excited I
can't wait to fly in and just experience
it all like this is our first playlist
ever we've been to vlogger fair and that
was a blast
but playlist like apparently is joy norm
so I'm really excited I'm excited too I
think it'll be way fun I'm excited to
kiss it see it amazing games isn't that
the cutest name basic games not to be
worried no more I washed Jackson's shirt
and it this stain is pretty much gone I
think next time I wash it though I'll
probably come out but it doesn't look
too bad I finally got my lipstick out
but when he wakes up from his little nap
I'm going to put him
ooh he's moving huh he just woke up
there you go he's awake
what a good little boy he took along
that but I washed his shirt while he was
napping his shirt looks good to go but I
believe I could be saying this wrong I
think his name is zip he is from Finland
and Sweden Sweden Sweden and he sent us
some Finnish chocolate so thank you so
much there was so much about we opened
it up and it brings back a lot of
memories because you know Jared served
and lived there and loved it and a lot
of you guys already know the backstory
but real real quick my sister married
Jared's companion while he was in
Finland and so they miss Finnish in
Finland and Sweden and all that as well
and they're in medical school and my
sister I give it up to all of my
wonderful sisters but Julie her
husband's in medical school she doesn't
get much help she has her two kids she's
expecting her third and she's a trooper
she doesn't complain she does not
complain and I know she doesn't feel
well she's coming towards the end of her
pregnancy and Landon he doesn't complain
he is busy in school he is putting
energy towards his family but energy
towards medical school he's doing a
phenomenal job so thank you Zipp for
sending us some chocolate because we
took a little portion and we are going
to send some to my sister as a little
pick-me-up to her and her husband so we
love you landed in Julie we just think
the world of you guys and thank you so
much for sending us those little treats
because those not only made our day but
there
make my sister's day as well
no no I'm not telling you I love the
boys home on purpose I didn't want
anyone with me fine fine fine I'll tell
you I'll tell you I had to get new
underwear I had to go into work you
wanna know why because babycakes is too
big
babycakes is two bigs I had to get new
underwear that wasn't that bad was it it
felt better to say it I'm glad you guys
made me tell you yes with Jackson I did
not buy any larger sized underwears
because I thought oh it's my first I'll
squeeze into everything I have and this
time around I thought oh crap I'm
spending the 20 bucks
I'm buying myself some underwear over
there shun look that way my panties
don't get in a bunch so literally my
panties are not in a bunch because I
have because I had no one I should have
just brought the boys with me because
now I just told the whole world so I was
gone for over two hours and I could have
sworn Jackson would have been up by then
but I just got home and Jared said hey
Jackson just woke up he's taken to
Heisei okay a lot of comments not a lot
a few comments today Ellie what's wrong
with your neck in yesterday's video like
eight 14 or something like that I just
like Jackson to bed and Jackson either
plays with my hair or he'll take my neck
and he'll just kind of twist it and here
in a sec you're gonna see how I do this
but Jackson always twists it and I put
it down for bed and then like a second
later in the clip you can see that I
don't have anything on my neck so that's
what it was a lot of people were like I
think kind of concerned actually so I
wanted to tell you but I don't know if
it's dread right now what do you find
her yep it's totally right my skin is
definitely red sensitive I can scratch
it and they'll have scratch marks for a
couple of minutes so anyway this little
this little monster high I mean it
wasn't me giving you a hickey no
that'd be fine right yeah I can give you
a hickey we're married for goodness sake
okay give me a hickey on my arm I don't
want to thank you from you then boobity
boobity boobity boobity like I got my
big get out here okay so tell me tell me
tell me tell me I'm gonna insert an
Instagram picture right here from one
that I took today of Jackson and you
guys tell me do you think Jackson is
going through a huge growth spurt right
now he looks such like a little boy like
he's not just a baby anymore he's like a
toddler he's been acting like a little
boy like in a matter of a week
he's been acting different yes he has
like he is becoming way more vocal he's
standing a lot more and just yesterday
was it he started to stand up on his own
like he wasn't trying to hold himself up
on anything he was trying to get up like
on his knee and trying to get up and
he's throwing a fit and I think that
he's totally gone through a growth spurt
because a couple like a month ago it was
like he woke up in the night a few times
his teeth were bothering him but now
it's like he goes we put him down around
quarter to seven and he I don't get him
outta bed till 9:00 yeah until 8:30 and
then which has been amazing
thirty he wakes up at 8:30 and then he
plays at this giraffe and then I go and
give him he took two two-hour naps the
first one was like two and a half hours
like he is definitely going through a
grouse where I definitely think he wants
to play xbox Xbox was turned off and he
just turned it on oh my gosh
he's a holy cow that had to have been a
record good job buddy
I love smelling his breath I'm such a
weird especially when he wakes up in the
morning that's like Ellie's favorite
thing to do is pop out the baby and
smell oh this is when I when he has his
binky I smell his binky and then the
other day bought and had his binky
because basta was taking Africa I must
and when I got the binky back and I had
the I was like and I was like no other
babies you you you I don't want other
babies like poo and breath and all
you're definitely accustomed to your own
baby
Jackson you are the lord of my lord
thank you for being so cute because
you're awesome so here's a question of
the day guys tomorrow is gonna be where
we film our throwback Thursday we are
gonna be traveling most the day because
it's the start of playlist it's the
stock of playlist it's the start of play
let's move those feet move those feet
yeah so we want to know what do you guys
want to hear about for our throwback
Thursday do you want to hear a story of
when we were younger is there a specific
dating story scenario that we've gone
through that you want to hear about I
guess anything childhood anything yeah
let us know in the comments down below
what you guys think we should talk about
tomorrow for throwback Thursday but I
think that's the end of the vlog I think
we've covered about just about
everything that we want to do today he's
going to bed and here well they flip it
and then we have to pack we have to
totally packed yeah we've got a lot of
packing to do so he's going to bed you
look like Popeye the sailorman he went
something like that but we're gonna go
pack so thanks so much for watching guys
have a wonderful day
and this kid right here goodbye we're
family we're a happy family we poop my
pants a lot we're a happy family we're a
healthy family we're a happy family
we're a happy family we prove our fans a
lot
no I know we decided to vlog but
literally we've been dancing in our
living room we're out of breath from it
dancing like five minutes I'm like I
could pick that game than just laughing
so hard and you just complain we're a
happy family very happy family should we
show them what else we're doing here's
pose another thing Oh No yes yes one two
three up if you stayed this long for the
video see ya bye
