good morning ladies and gentlemen it is
t-minus three days until we leave on our
extravaganza to Florida but actually two
days for us because the day before we
have this huge financial meeting that we
ought to do and so today is cleaning up
the house day getting little things that
we have to get done sending emails
charities to do work some work so I am
making breakfast and Thank You Jared for
going to the store and getting eggs and
some fruit and some milk because I'm
gonna make my little family some
pancakes and fruit because after that I
am slaving you away and you have to work
yes Jack said the binky's coming out and
you're doing your part you need to start
vacuuming and doing your laundry I'm
frankly tired of washing your onesies I
could popsicle on a summer day you just
go through so fast all right thank you
for going to the store you're welcome
maybe maybe Jackson can play at our feet
and you could cut fruit up while I get
the package sure has a good time when I
was at the store yes so some of you guys
may know in parking lots at the grocery
store they have dedicated parking stalls
for you to park your carts you throw
your card in there they've got the
silver pipe barriers and everything like
that yeah well there was a guy who owned
a business and I want some business but
it was plastered all over his car and I
was like oh that's a really cool car and
has his business name on it and
everything like that and he was loading
his groceries up and there was so he's
parks here there was a cart return right
here
he didn't wallet just wait just wait I
there's a cart return right here and
then directly behind him one stall so
there are two within shoving reach not
even moving reach but shoving reach and
he loves us up in the car shuts the door
drives away
hi and I stopped I stopped and we make
eye contact I said really you said that
good eye
Jarrid that's the feistiest you ever
have been I know but I was just like I
don't know what it was but that just
that really grind my gears it's not that
hard to our way I'm walking there
and I and I see him he's loading his
groceries in and like oh yeah he'll take
it back because there's one right there
and one right there but gets in this car
the this the shopping cart is like an
inch away from his car oh just drives
off I was like I could not very good a
bit lazy like you're making art you took
up a parking spot because that cart is
now in someone's parking spot oh I just
said can't we all just do a little bit
better that's that's my lesson to you
guys every single day just to a little
bit better than you did yesterday what
do we doing against situations like this
we argue oh wait no oh sorry yes from
when I get mad and irritated Jared's
like Ellie just stops and then I usually
get annoyed I'm like don't say that to
me I say stop collaborate and listen did
it you guys we are getting ready for
playlist live we're getting things
packed up Ellie's figuring out the most
efficient the best way to pack our
little bag and you're running into some
issues what's going on well I think one
of the biggest issues is I don't think
there's a sippy cup out there that
doesn't link I think every single sippy
cup in existence will leak one way or
the other
for those Bowl cuz there is stuff all
over my carpet folk oh the other sippy
cup would Scott it's this one right here
this one right here that Jackson's been
drinking out of it's it's crazy because
like you know you tip it upside down and
there's no leakage but you tip it right
side back up and then eventually you'll
start getting some you know some little
liquid to come down because it like gets
caught up here or something like that
there you go but why don't take a sip of
that take a swig of that oh yeah that's
good stuff right there that's good stuff
right there
I didn't spit out this morning I gave it
too many wet but and then he was like he
I he did it to me too and he just smiled
it just came all out of his mouth this
kid you're starting to make a lot more
facial expressions huh yeah whoo I love
this kid I am excited for playlist
despite all of the mishaps that we're
having with this little sippy cup of
diaper bag ha ha ha
mishap number 3 le guys take the camera
guys I am a licensed professional
cosmetologist I went to school 2,000
hours several haircuts I've worked in a
salon for five years I would consider I
feel like I know what I'm doing you are
a professional
I don't you're like I have really ever
like messed up like a bad oops
and this morning I did on Jared cut his
hair right before playlist live and I
cut Jared's hair in the bathtub because
I don't like a bunch of hair on the
floor and normally we would do in the
garage but it's kind of cold so he'll
stand in the bathtub and I'll just like
cut his hair
well I'm like I can't reach you so he
moved his head back my Clippers were on
and it buzzed the back of his head are
you ready for this game you're a good
husband get ready to be amazed cuz I
still look good I said I said I could
cut it shorter I said but I really don't
want to like cut your hair are you ready
yeah go slow it's not too bad I mean it
looks good but boom right there boom my
daddy's it just looks like a scar to
tell you the truth it really does look
too bad and the Lighting's kind of bad
but like I mean you can tell that I took
a 1 and then I blended it and now that
I'm looking the like probably could
blend a little higher but I just didn't
want to like blend his hair clear up I
don't know I think it's fine I think
it's no big deal it's a funny story that
we can share with you I kick butt I was
just like really really right
for this huge event really Eliot it
wouldn't be it wouldn't be lewd I did I
threw my head back because you said I
can't read smells like oh I'm going to
be the gentleman and I'm going to move
my head back so you don't have to move
forward because you physically can I
know I know and I don't think there was
a swear word said though no there was I
think I just I laugh honestly yeah Jared
laughed
I feel like this a wet Oh ah Jared Jared
laughed and then I laughed and then oh
well it's okay it's okay it's okay
love each other so right yes you love
each other and this is a fun time I
cover it up but it no we're done ki lay
your head down
we put your head down
oh does better you can't get baby kiss
kiss yeah okay it's time for nap time
it's time for nap time don't lay your
head down come here
oh I love it when you cuddle bad divorce
you oh you just get smooth on out of
here hon act like nothing happened
see you later mom I'm gonna put Jackson
in his crib and he's gonna find his
favorite toy he's already looking he
knows okay come here okay there you go
look he knows exactly which toy he wants
that's what he does can't you see Brett
he dances
he's a cool kid he had to lay down
though they down okay he doesn't want
any of those yeah bear you're long gone
I should take him out of the crib now he
does not want him he wants that toy I
bet like I bet I could not even give him
the binky and he'd probably be fine she
would try it oh no it's okay I'll give
it Jim there you go there's your toy
good night i all am down but i'll sit
back up but that is Jackson's favorite
toy one of you guys sent that to him so
thank you very nice of you but that's
his favorite toy when he goes to bed he
looks for it last night I didn't put it
in there excited want him I want him
just to go to bed and he was walking
standing up he wanted that toy ready aim
fire oh no I gotta reload I gotta reel
of all right give me a D or get me out
of here
there's a good boy he's a comfort hey
are you having fun with Daddy are you
having fun with Daddy he's like he
doesn't be very excited you don't need a
pinkie oh just when you go to bed huh oh
my goodness guys I want to tell you
something real quick so something you
guys know that we have a pl box and we
just moved so we're actually still
getting some of the stuff that we had
from the old peel box being forwarded to
it
there was one thing that was very
special to us that I thought was really
cool that I want to show you follow me
over this way we're gonna go on a field
trip are you guys ready for a field trip
dee dee dee dee they needed to do about
a breath from that machine gun we got in
the mail a drawing that someone did for
us her name Samantha and her husband
have been watching our vlogs for a long
time and I just thought when I opened it
up and I saw I just I just felt really
special because one this took so much
time for Samantha to do - this is a
moment that Ellie and I will remember
for the rest of our lives as everything
changes from here on out and the moment
that I feel most blessed is this moment
right here oh there's a glare right
there do you guys see that
isn't that amazing that's just like
pencil like isn't that so cool I just
think she did such a great job like that
is so awesome I still remember that day
coming home from work Oh listening
picking the boys now you were a trouper
that day because you had to wait so long
but as soon as I got home from work I
was just like it's gonna be another no
it's gonna be another no but I wanted to
be positive and that was a moment our
lives change forever thank you thank you
so much Justin math either like a lot of
you guys have draw have drawn drawings
for us they've drawn elephants and it's
so cute and we appreciate all of them so
thank you guys it's Monday night and do
you know what that means Ellie I know
you know what that means Ellie tell us
what that means Ellie tell us what it
means right it means I'm gonna watch The
Bachelor yeah
I'm on Chris Harrison I'm coming after
your job ladies and gentlemen it's the
bachelor tonight your host Chris
garrison will take you all over the
world to very exotic places where one
man what's his name uh Chris where Chris
and 25 no wait there's been four weeks
already seven women are remaining when
is Chris gonna find his true love that
farmer from America we'll find out in
tonight's episode thank you so much for
watching
actually it's not on just yet but we are
going over to Ellie's sister's house to
have some dinner and then the ladies are
coming back over here to watch The
Bachelor and Joel and I are gonna hang
out will you get this working I will get
the TV working for you I will figure it
out for you this is all we watch all
week and the only time the TV gets
turned on is either when we stream
something from YouTube or play like just
answer a game but like as far as TV goes
this is the only time it gets turned on
speaking of Just Dance comment down
below if we should do another Just Dance
oh I know you guys want to see it it's
just a matter of at the end of the night
five energy moves down Jen you love over
mom dad don't look at me that's gross no
no noises this way hurting children
herding cats
we've got kids whoa garden you kids are
so rude is that Jackson High when he
learns to fight Jackson is for cover he
does not want to get close to my Jackson
they keep going down the stairs and we
are hurting that bad cuz you don't have
been crawling down the stairs holy cow
these puzzles they put so hard Jack I
think this is the night we just say a
yummy taco super cilantro it was so good
thank you for making a body you are it
really was so good i download Jackson
loves it beans
right touch where did you say you're
ending the vlog yeah you're ending the
vlog yes you can the vlog without me
oh sorry sorry you're here now I just
ran up the stairs really fast
thank you so much for watching I hope
you have a wonderful day let's see
what's a question we can ask you must
have a maxim answering a question
oh let's hurry Nass Bonnie what do you
think of Jarrett air and then we'll end
it did you see it yeah I didn't see it
do a spin - okay I don't know okay let
me stand up let's stand up okay I
already am you you be tell me the truth
cuz I can recut it okay so the only part
I'm seeing huh is like it's not very
blended right there okay it's on the
other side no it's right now oh oh did
you do that yeah no yes you I told you I
do dude that looks like a scar looks
like a scar yeah we turned it well I I
do coz is all blended I only thought
maybe I went up a little higher oh no
it's perfect I didn't realize that's
final crazy crazy lower okay guys thanks
for watching we'll see you tomorrow
have a wonderful day bye bye
by travelpod
