happy Superbowl Sunday everyone we've
got the Patriots we've got the Seahawks
and we're playing right now in the third
quarters just about to end in the third
quarter 14 to 24 Seahawks are taking it
so here's what I want to do guys here's
what I want to do I want to go around
the room and I want to say I'm gonna ask
who are you rooting for and what was
your favorite commercial so far so
sherry who are you rooting for and
what's your favorite commercial the toe
fungus I think I missed that one
I think I missed that one Joel who are
you rooting for my favorite commercial
I'm 50/50 upon the team's you just want
to see a good game it's a great game so
far yeah best commercial so far Doritos
jury doesn't know so I miss that one to
shoot what was the trio's one airplane
one I totally miss it I'll have to watch
it on YouTube tomorrow
so Kevin who are you rooting for and go
Seahawks and what was your favorite
commercial I missed I can't believe I
missed it shoot okay Chad Seahawks
represent Seahawks the Doritos on full
alright sleepy boy who are you rooting
for Seahawks or Patriots the what the
movie ruined for the movie that's what
we're doing dad who are you rooting for
we have to go with the Seahawks because
that's where my grandson was born was in
Seattle right don't see good go Seahawks
I am rooting for the Seahawks and so far
my favorite commercial I think has been
the Snickers one with what's his name
where with where he's he's Jan Brady's
you know he's coming no he wasn't
combing his hair that was a preview he's
downstairs the machete guy yeah the
machete guy and he's he's like an eye
for an eye and then they have gosh I
keep forgetting their names they wrote a
guy who plays Jan the creepy guy with
the eyeballs you know who I'm talking
about
yeah yeah you guys know who I'm talking
about that was probably one of my
favorite commercials there have been a
lot of tearjerkers commercials lately I
feel like they want to make us cry while
we're sitting here watching the Super
Bowl but like Microsoft has had one
McDonald's have one and then coke have
one that just make you want to cry but
there's tons of people here guys we've
got like we've got the Super Bowl party
here and we've got like the daycare area
over here we've got kids all over the
place in fact where is Jackson that's
probably something I should do is find
Jackson
oh hey Jackson you have playing in the
fort you playing in the fort that they
built oh man this is a lot of fun guys
so last year I told you guys that I was
rooting for the Broncos because they're
kind of my favorite team but Seahawks
because I'm from Washington they're my
next favorite team so I had to root for
the Broncos last year but in the vlog I
said I hope the Broncos just totally
annihilate the Seahawks and the exact
opposite thing happened so so far I'm
doing pretty good for rooting for the
Seahawks because it's 24 to 14 right now
but we're just about to go into the
fourth quarter and Jackson is like
playing he's playing hide and seek oh
where is he he's playing hide and seek
for me you see me walking around trying
to get you and you're just hiding from
me yard
see he's trying to fight from me every
time I say Jackson he turns around and
darts the other way
see this is one thing that I think is
pretty cool I'm watching the Super Bowl
with my boy Jackson and next Super Bowl
we're gonna have two boys and watching
with do you remember last year's Super
Bowl Jackson do you remember me I have
the viewfinder up so he's looking at
himself in the viewfinder
that's the only way he'll sit down
otherwise I have to chase them
everywhere I go bees are the glorious
half-eaten Super Bowl snacks we've got
fruit and dip we've got chips and dip
we've got vegetables and dip and we've
got crackers and cheese sauce and
cookies that are all gone my oh my so
you finally thought you'd come down and
watch the game a little bit look how
cute Jackson and Jared are matching well
we just got our button-up shirts on and
a nice pants on and we're just looking
good looking fly cupboard oh he doesn't
want me to take you to me well we gave
him the sippy cup and he just didn't
really know he's still adjusting but
look at him just chill there see watch
Seahawks are up 24 to 21 so Patriots
just scores so it's a really close game
and there's only 7 8 minutes left in the
fourth quarter so we're definitely
getting down to the wire reporter 21 yep
so who are you so the question that I've
been asking me everyone is who are you
rooting for him what was your favorite
commercial obviously you've been
upstairs with the girls so you haven't
seen any of the commercials I'm sorry
guys don't don't get mad but I don't
have to vote for this the Seahawks
good they're glad you're rooting for the
Seahawks I'm kind of surprised though
because you might think Tom Brady's
really cute one of these he's hot
no he's the Patriots up for judgment one
thing judges always wanted to go to
Seattle go to a Mariners game yep
baseball and I I wanted I wanna take
surprise you someday with ticket well
maybe when we go to vlogger fair we can
go to a Mariners game if that's you know
some sometime in the same same time yeah
my my eyes out looking because I think
that would be fun
oh that would be a childhood dream come
true to go to a Mariners game I wish I
could go back to like the 90s and go to
the Mariners when Griffey was playing
like that would be that would be the the
nostalgia is painful okay good and in
Cracker Jacks yeah Bonnie you just got
down here I'm asking everyone yeah and
you've been upstairs too so you can't
really answer the whole question but
I've been asking everyone who they've
been rooting for and their favorite
commercial but so who are you rooting
for because the only person I know
that's okay Joel actually said he
doesn't he's kind of 50/50 and I thought
you especially would vote for Tom Brady
that's I don't know I don't know what's
the way that's not Brady right over
there yeah 25 million a year okay well
there you have a ladies and gentlemen
two amazing plays to totally change the
game first the Seahawks had that amazing
catch and the Patriots intercepted on
the one I can't hunt on the half yard
line yeah like and why didn't they run
why didn't they run you've got Marshawn
Lynch just run the ball into the end
zone
it's a half yard he can sneeze and run
further than that
his sneeze is more powerful than a half
yard oh I am disappointed in the
Seahawks though they totally they
totally had poor sportsmanship though
they I but I understand it I would have
been pissed but to
yeah oh I'm just just really too old
right now but this is this is a lesson
for us all guys this is a lesson for us
all it's okay to cheat because you can
still win that's that's a perfect lesson
for you guys right here well man that's
a Super Bowl for you that's for sure you
do it I think it's Jackson's bedtime I
was gonna say do you want to know why
he's laughing why cuz he's so tired
can you make him laugh you know it's
past Jax's bedtime is 8:30 he or she
goes to bed we start bedtime at 6:30 so
but it's the Superbowl so he is been
playing with his cousin drew he's been
playing with his cousins he's exhausted
Mama's exhausted hey wait wait wait wait
wait wait hey he hears the music has to
go play hey guys this was our one take
one day but 10 takes instead I'm sorry I
just wanted to watch the game I couldn't
do it all in one tank I'm sorry I want
to watch the game
but thank you guys so much for watching
why didn't they run it I faced John with
good job Patriots if you're not all we
are not sore losers over here so good
job Patriots and we will see you guys
tomorrow
good job let's see tomorrow fine oh are
you gonna put a dollar in her purse well
it takes a nanny that poops
oh my grandma's purse that's the best
place to go with money
