jacksie ha Jackson hey oh you got my
makeup there Jackson hey look at mama
Oh Jackson you're ignoring me Jackson
what are you doing sweetheart
every morning every single morning when
I do my makeup and do my hair
Jack this is what my view looks like
Jackson sits here and he usually plays
with a few items usually I close this
cuz I don't want him in my makeup and
usually he just like plays with bottles
and caps and crawls in the closet and
plays around in there but this morning
Jackson's up until 9:30 our plan was to
wake up get ready go to Salt Lake that
way Jackson would take his first nap in
the car and his first naps at 10:00 a.m.
so actually I don't know if we'll figure
naps out later but Jackson say hi you
slept in he was a tired boy he's never
slept that long went to bed at 6:30
quarter to 7:00 like normal woke up at
9:30 holy cow
look at those little feet look at those
little feet Jackson Jared you getting
your little feets done to my boots ha ha
ha
I hope I don't get in a fire he'll take
a sling back to school to prove to dad
that I'm not a fool yes sir dad stacked
up my boots tight tight I hope I don't
get in a fight Oh back to school max ha
ha to dare that I'm not a fool I got my
boots - I hope I don't get in a fight oh
the bug funny
our kid likes to be spanked Jackson
you're so cute my boys are ready we're
ready to rock I am ready and we are
going on a family day and how lucky am I
to have these two men take me and
babycakes on a date I'm very excited
we're gonna have lots of fun and slap
the butt and turn around and I'll slap
goes - oh there because your skin is so
I don't want you mad at me so family are
you guys ready to have a good road trip
it's just a little road trip but it's a
good one Jackson look Jackson you smiled
every to get tzatziki
yeah I love that you like daddy are you
pointing to the camera say hello hello
another bite just having some out me on
the cheerio CT jeez uh I'm good boy oh
that's one thing that Jackson does all
the time and it's like my favorite thing
in the world when we're just sitting
there if one of you guys go like this
- hey Jackson can you do it yeah go like
this uh-uh that's so cute his teeth his
made his look change a lot so total few
days because he doesn't usually smile as
much to see his teeth but huh
feel like lately he's been smiling so
you can actually see his teeth for sure
he's growing up a lot what I want you to
take a look and I want you to appreciate
the beauty of this is a momentous
occasion is that it might even sound
incorrect well this is this is
monumental this is fantastic this is
unbelievable
I'm just going to take some my own time
and zoom in on this one 69 ladies and
gentlemen 169
I think what's fun too about the vlogs
and what that we vlog every day is like
right now it's like really because it
doesn't matter but it's like it's gonna
kinda be fun in you know 5 10 years or
even a few years to be like wow that's
what gas was I remember writing in my
journal
how much gas was it was like 16 bucks to
fill up my first little card that my
parents would let me use to go to hair
school and back and forth and it's like
16 bags and now you know it's just great
babies you used to cost like $60 to fill
this car from empty to full like Saffy
bucks and now I think tops its lightly
it's been like 30 30 bucks so we've cut
it in half but here's the thing though
in 5-10 years we're all gonna be having
flying cars so I weren't I've been
worried about gasoline oh but it'll be
cool to see ya here I guess you're right
I'm sorry right love Oh ladies and
gentleman
any road trip again
Chloe I definitely think it's a
beautiful day to be in Salt Lake City
Utah anything yes if our little guy to
the Discovery Museum yeah I'm actually
excited because you said there's more
things than just for him to do there's
stuff for us to do too right yeah it's
just like this you know I haven't been
there since I was little so I could be
wrong I do know there is a specific spot
for babies that they can crawl and touch
what to stuff but go girls spend an hour
to there and playing I'm excited to play
around okay son mommy and daddy are
taking you on the fun little date here
at these kids Discovery Museum tusks a
little play
you
I think that was so much fun I was
telling Jarrod I was like we have toys a
home grandma has toys that was really
nothing like extra special there was
cool toys there but I liked going there
because I could see Jackson's
personality come out even more yeah I
thought it was a lot of fun just like a
new experience he went to he knew what
he wanted to do and you could see it in
his eyes I thought that was the best it
was fun to leave him alone and just
watch what he was gonna do what his mind
explora I thought that was really fun
so now Ellie has one request and that is
to go into peas in a pod which I guess
is a maternity store and oh it's right
here actually and I have to show you
guys something really special
apparently Ellie has something very
magical that she wants to show us and
it's on this giant wall of names Ellie
why don't you tell us a little story
here well in 2002 the Winter Olympics
was here in Utah Salt Lake City and my
dad my brother my uncle family members
volunteered and spent many hours and
hours sure voluntary and they thought my
last name e Oh Ellie Ellie you know we
saw it let's have a race let's have a
real first one to find nope nope nope
nope
finally I found it I found it I found it
okay because of all the hours and stuff
that my brother my uncle my dad helped
volunteered the Chi Chi Olympics it was
here until like City their names are on
this wall so there's Bo Uncle Calvin and
dad Chad so they are on this wall
there's wall after wall after wall hugs
names I'm not cool Jackson would you be
ready to show halo
say hello to Kathy oh hi cat
we just drove into Cathy through the gap
and I thought pant after pant for
Jackson and I come over and Jackson's
out of his stroller his flirting is what
he's doing that's what he was to jump on
your glasses that's like it so nice to
meet you I'm not sure if you can see but
all of those guys right there who are
walking by are dressed up as different
like comic book characters like TV shows
and I guess there's a Salt Lake Comic
Con going on right now
like the charlie bit my finger
put your head down Jackson that's so sue
me
he is tired I'm sure oh so sweet that is
cute say hello he is so flirty
tell me your names again Lindsey Ann
feliza nice to meet you guys
Jackson is totally flirting with these
girls he was he was naked he's totally
like discovering different facial guys
we are here with Dave and he has an
interesting story why don't you tell us
the story real quick so my wife and I
have been trying for for 12 years to
have children
and we were looking for inspiration on
YouTube and we actually found these two
and started watching it's actually been
really nice week we we did IVF earlier
this year about 22 weeks pregnant with
twins and when I start just about the
same like yeah I'm 23 weeks yeah yeah so
we're about the same so it's been really
cool watching that's so cool that it's
just it just goes to show like never
give up never give up and Andrea hi we
were just talking about like where's
your wife where's your wife she's
billing oh she's got a lot of back pain
yeah oh yeah twins yeah
yeah well it was such it was a pleasure
to meet you guys thank you so much for
telling us your story like that it was
so cool boy and girl girl that's that's
what we wanted if we have our twins we
want to play in here congratulations
guys thank you hello can anybody hear me
the acoustics in this garage are awesome
look at all these parking spaces are RLE
when we first got here it took us like
30 minutes to find a parking spot and
look at all these parking spots now I
hope you could hear that because it was
echoing a lot
hello meeting everybody made my day
hello honestly and Dave like he was so
sweet like his wife seems to his friends
were sweet like thank you guys for
saying hi to us honestly it makes our
day to see you guys and to have you stop
us and talk to us and hear your story
like Dave and Andrea 12 years they've
been trying and they finally got
pregnant with IVF and they're having
twins a boy and a girl
glad you freaking like that is so
cool
like I just want to say congratulations
congratulations congratulations guys
that's awesome
Oh Jackson this kid did so good today I
am so proud and I am so impressed he was
in the stroller he was being held he was
in the car seat all day long the only
time he really got out to play was when
we were at the Discovery Zone park but
he he fell asleep in the car it's way
past his bedtime so thank goodness he
was asleep in the car but when we got
here I was just like you know what I'm
not gonna change your diaper put your
pajamas on just yet crawl around stretch
those legs a little bit because heaven
knows you deserve it but you were a
trooper tonight weren't ya yeah well
guys I think we're gonna end the vlog
today thank you so much for watching
with us thank you so much
for those of you who stopped us while we
were in Salt Lake it was so nice to hear
your stories and meet you but as usual
we'll see you guys tomorrow
oh oh while you guys were watching the
Super Bowls going on I hope the Seahawks
are winning but last time I said that
Denver lost and it was all my fault
because I said I hope Denver wins so
maybe if I do reverse psychology and say
oh good job Patriots I hope you're doing
great anyway I hope you guys have a
wonderful day and we'll see you tomorrow
buddy
bye-bye
