how come you're so cute how come you're
so cute you didn't do it
Jackson how come you're so cute hi come
here
how could your zoo cute hey sippy cup in
your mouth that's one way to do it he's
like I need both hands to crawl what's
he doing I started I started doing this
because every time you came up the
stairs and I would peek behind and go
you're so cute he would squeal and then
fly down the stairs just like drop yeah
I know it drop and go mmm totally how do
you feel freaking out oh my gosh it is
it is fit day Friday Friday fit daily
Friday
oh my goodness my arms are so dad I I
love it
I I feel so much better every single day
after I work out like it's amazing how
much I just expended like so much energy
but I feel like I have so much more
energy because I just like people say
you get addicted once you start I'm a
dick I'm addicted to you in the band Oh
Jackson you're so cute what do you guys
think so far the new camera I'm looking
at is a very good quality I kick myself
oh looks good push up huh guys I have to
lose six pounds in five days to make my
diet that with the caelian Canyon Carly
six pounds in five days can I tell you
secret though I wrestled in junior high
in high school and there are days where
you have to cut weight and I would lose
it's so bad but I would lose like five
pounds in three hours
just because you I okay I remember being
in high school and like all the guys
like spitting like not even like
swallowing their own like normal saliva
and that's not healthy that was I would
not be okay I think I think cutting
weight like that totally stunt your
growth it's not good but you got to do
what you got to do when you want to
compete one we're gonna complete that's
what you want to do I thought you got
well I'll have you know
Jared will not be doing that the next
five days you'll just not you know
you'll just be good yeah I still I don't
like that and I don't like that with the
high schools and like you're in high
school you don't need a cup what like I
understand it be Oh
people had we're gonna have a talk with
you Jackson before you do wrestling cuz
that's not okay people I what when he
cares okay goodbye guys uh I was gonna
say one thing that you know because if
you do lose weight really quick but it's
not like a permanent solution you have
to say though you would talk to our kids
if they were ever in a sport and that's
not okay right well this is like a live
conversation like on the vlog I think
it's something that we would discuss
yeah cuz here's here's my thoughts on it
yeah wrestling gymnastics those are very
very intense sports physically intense
sports where you have to perform like
you know cut weight you have to meet
certain expectations do it I think it's
really good for discipline like I think
it's a very good but teaching yeah you
know not not like discipline like oh
you're bad kid spank spank spank my
thing that's not what I'm saying I'm
saying like mental disappear I think
it's very very good
but I think some people can take it too
far under the circumstances like I'm in
junior high I don't need to cut seven
pounds yeah that I worry about
yeah those those things are you know a
little extreme but some people do it and
some people are really good at it roll
there you have it folks that was a live
conversation but here's the thing and
you know what's good about it is we'll
talk about it now and then when the time
comes and if our kids are in sports like
that we will have a definite to deep
conversation with our kids because you
know I don't think that's very healthy
here's what I want
what Jackson to do baseball and pole
vaulting that's what I want and maybe
football that's what you will do you
will do baseball and you'll like it
he's like no I'm not but we've got to
get Jackson in the polo team because
pole vaulting is the best it's the best
do you like my Redskin peas do you like
my Redskin peas ladies and gentlemen do
you like them do you like them don't
roll around the house
yeah okay so the girls are gonna go do
some very fun things to get ready for a
bunch of different things Ellie's
getting ready for playlist while I am
gonna hang out with Cody Jackson and
Boston they're doing something together
but you girls are gonna go get dolled up
because you've got to get ready for
playlist live mom my hair reshaped and
colored and it's like well why isn't
Bonnie doing it she's always done my
hair but when you're pregnant you don't
want to do anything right so I'm going
to a lady and I'm gonna get my hair done
cool so here's what I want you to do I
want you to do a spinny spin spin we did
this is right yeah but we've got
practice on our side so we're gonna spin
spin spin what do you guys think I think
it looks great
it's definitely got some gold to it she
and I just had her do my natural color
but in a gold uh-huh and then she just
took a few blonde pieces I'm so dizzy
she took a few belong pieces and just
brighten the bottom of it can I tell you
I'm trim dead can I tell you something
you look like hot stuff mm-hmm thank you
hot stuff
yes Baker well it felt good not her
because I better be nice design there to
my senses and your skin today I'm sorry
but one thing I liked was I didn't talk
I didn't talk at all yeah Cody
haha Oh sad massage you got bit by a bee
but I my favorite thing about it was we
didn't talk I just I was quite we didn't
talk you just relaxed
was it like a massage like yeah it was
good that's good I'm glad you of all
people deserve that quiet peace enjoy
relaxing time right yes thank you you're
welcome
I had a lot of fun bass sorry I got mad
are you hitting my skin it just is so
offensive that I spanked a little hard
on I
okay story time ladies and gentlemen so
I've had these shoes for about three
years now and for playlist live I was
like oh let's get some new shoes so I
went to the store yesterday and I got
some new shoes and while I was in there
I think I was like yeah if you get these
shoes I'll give you a huge discount
you'll love it it's gonna be great these
shoes are awesome and I was thinking to
myself as I was getting the shoes I was
like I don't know if I really like these
they're definitely the style that I want
but just like the quality and everything
I was like ah you know maybe I should
get something different but he's like no
you're gonna love on my promise I have a
pair of him I'm gonna walk through this
door here and he was just like yeah
you're gonna love it it's gonna be
awesome and so I got him and I tried him
on this morning and I was just thinking
these do not feel good on my feet I know
I'm getting huge discount but I know I
can find something better even if it
costs all just a little bit more I can
find something better
so I guess the moral of the story is
don't get shoes that are cheap get
something that you want that is quality
because sometimes it's worth it to get
something a little bit better
alrighty I feel infinitely better about
my purchase I
I hate buyer's remorse there's nothing
worse than walking out as soon as you
leave the store and you're like I
shouldn't have done that
I should not have done that I should not
have done that no I shouldn't I feel a
lot better and that's that's the good
thing I do buyer's remorse is the worst
thing in the world so I definitely don't
have buyer's remorse for this camera cuz
it's amazing Ellie I'm kind of sad want
to know why I'm sad because I miss
Jackson when he was going to bed I know
you got to put him to bed and I didn't
how was he actually was really sweet
sometimes he does let me rock him I I
fed him a little bit he's not really
being on a bottle anymore just his last
feeding and then he has to pick up shot
of the day so I gave him a little bottle
and then he laid he laid in my arms and
sometimes he lets in Rocco and sometimes
he doesn't but if he has my hair he he
will do it and I took my hair and I I do
this to him any labs did he laughs any
laughs and I do this new last date I see
yes and then he held my hair
uh-huh did I rock him you did he fell
asleep to that and then when I laid him
in the crib she said I said I heard a
musical oh my gosh look I have this
little giraffe that if you push the
belly it glows and it plays plays a song
and what have you guys actually sent it
to him like his favorite thing out her
favorite toy and so he I looked on the
little monitor and he he's he went
through a few songs in the new is out I
don't know oh I love when we make
Jackson laughs before I fall asleep
because honestly it's that you laughs
the hardest it's like the sleep lock
when you're dang tired you're just like
everything is funny and it's just so
loud but anyway guys that's the vlog for
today I hope you had a wonderful
enjoyable time sorry I'm so rude I'm
Yanni I'm tired but I think I'll leave a
comment down below if you yawn because
le yond
cuz yawns are so contagious I think I'm
tomorrow Jared and I are going on a fun
date and I think we're going to go to
Salt Lake this song like say Utah's well
going to buy which is quite a ways away
for us so I think were to wake up early
and we're gonna go to Salt Lake we're to
grab just I know we keep grabbing a few
last-minute things our Florida were to
go grab a few last-minute things so the
thing is like I was telling him like I
have buyer's remorse with those shoes
and I don't want to have buyer's remorse
so we're taking like the whole day and
we're just gonna take our time because I
hate impulse buys I know that's oh no no
no yeah but and you ever to go into Salt
Lake and I think maybe if we have time
we should go to that little little play
store or something something something
Jackson could do yeah play around with
Jackson yeah total waiting friend well
thanks for watching guys I hope you have
a wonderful day I'm gonna kiss my wife
on the mouth sorry I got mad earlier
it's okay I just spank a little too hard
I just your skin so sensitive when
you're pregnant it's like oh you grab me
hard or I'm a baby or I'm just really
strong cuz my muscles okay good bye guys
thanks for watching see ya bye
