good morning Starshine the earth says
hello what are you pointing that shoe go
get George ha look George George
no he just wants my button never mind he
usually wants George but he just wants
my button this morning I guess you
kissed George say good morning Oh
are you mad at me are you mad oh look at
mama
Jackson you look nice
mom knows what's best you look nice
okay I think that means he forgave me
seriously is that there it was like
ripping out his shirt I've never put
this shirt on him before you happy now
you look so dapper you look so cute
okay did you guys ever do that I
remember growing up I remember it was
like yeah my hair's ugly yeah this shirt
is ugliest like mom made you wear it and
I'm sure it wasn't you know anyway I
think he looks like a little stud you
look like a little sad you are such a
cute boy I love my boy I'm so grateful I
have him I love him I feel like I've
been really spoiled I hate shopping
without Jared and especially without
Jackson I feel so lonely
Jax is taking a nap and I'm just trying
to grab a few things for our trip and I
have some little onesies because he
always needs white onesies and just like
a few little things he's starting to use
to pick up to now it's kind of crazy
that he is like no longer gonna be on a
bottle very soon
so anyway I'm just grabbing a few things
but for the life of me for the life of
me I'm not usually like like a germ
phobia person but when we traveled last
time Jackson got pinkeye and I tried to
keep us all sanitized and the airplane
like wouldn't even be sat down I wiped
up this stuff around me so I'm trying
for the life of me to find something to
wipe up I know I could just use wet
whites but I just don't know if those
are like is Co sanitary movie these are
work Wet Ones
kills 99% of germs found that God has to
be I'm gonna get it and I'm gonna go oh
my goodness guess what Missy just texted
me and said that we are all on a panel
together me Missy the boys of course
Katy
Sam Angelica Collin obviously Brittany
and Austin and even like April and
Justin
Stevie I think they're getting on there
as well there's like a whole list but
you seem like so giddy if you guys wrote
a panel
I didn't think we would like be on Drive
I'm really really excited
I'm officially getting more and more
excited for a trip I seriously just like
but all the way down the aisles to go
find them all applesauce to goes for
Jackson and now I'm all the way back so
I forgot a bunch of items I'm all over
the place but this here's another cell
phone I am so excited hello everyone how
are you doing this fine morning and is a
beautiful beautiful day today and I am
running into Best Buy because Jackson is
still asleep he is still sleeping right
now I am so shocked it's been like two
and a half almost three hours this is
like super rare so Ellie just did some
errands and now I'm running some errands
right now mostly because the can the
camera that I'm using right now the
Canon s110 has some major focusing
issues and yesterday's vlog I just was
about to throw the camera because it
just kept going out of focus so I'm here
at Best Buy right now I'm gonna see if
they have either the canon s120
or the g7 X well that was super quick I
went to Best Buy they didn't even look
they just said sorry we don't have those
cameras I was like would the store 45
minutes away they probably has 45
minutes to get the camera just yet I
might as well just order online but
there's a couple other places I can
check but it's kind of hard for me to
justify just speaking you know in terms
of Ellie and I the camera that we have
right now I think is great but the focus
issues like I haven't never really
mentioned it before but it does affect
us quite a bit like on Jackson's first
birthday right before we go into the the
rewind it goes out of focus and I was
like scrambling back and forth I don't
know if you guys saw to get it back into
focus so I've talked to people about the
s120 and the g7x and they said that
that's 120 doesn't really have a
autofocus issues that this one 10 does
but the g7x
is quite a bit better quality because
it's a full inch sensor it's a full
image sensor and so I'm like yeah we
might as well this is what we do now
this is what we have to you know I want
to make it look good I want to be
professional and and have fun with it so
I was like well we might as well you
know try it and see see what we think
I'm still debating between the s120 and
the g7
but I'm kind of leaning towards the g7x
well look who finally the wait oh my
goodness what time did you wake up le
and he went to bed at 10:30 11:30 11:30
12:30 1:00 no he went to bed at 10:30
you just took a three hour nap that's
like that's like a world record that's
like a world's record Jackson is he's
still yawning he's like oh just give me
the mail the high blood morning babe oh
I love that that's what I did when he
woke up this morning I took out his beak
and I smelt o-p-s wait a minute he's too
hot his shoes on oh did he
I took off his vest that has a maybe I
should take off his pants now that'll
ride on my bloating like that what she's
putting down
sherbert I know I want it I was like Jan
seemed you did good knows like I think
Ellie gets mad at me for having shoes on
in the house which I already do right
now because I just got home let alone
Jackson having shoes on in the bed sippy
cup now yeah we're transitioning to the
sippy cup good job buddy what are you
guys doing hey we're just doing some you
know music oh yeah yes Jackson are you
playing with dad you playing with dad
you wanna play a little jazz there
Jackson let's do Ellie's pretty excited
because she just got a bunch of stuff
for the trip to play this live and in
the meantime while she was doing that I
was finishing a bunch of stuff for my
new song that I've been working on and
I'm really excited about it because I
think it's finally mixed and mastered
and I think it's done I think I like I'm
my biggest critic like I am so picky
given the fact that I've recorded this
in my closet I recorded it right there
and I did all the instruments myself I
think it sounds pretty good
obviously if I went to a recording
studio and did everything like
professionally it sound a lot better but
given the fact
I did it myself I'm pretty proud of
myself so I'm gonna give you a sample of
it right here if I can I must be sure
from the
okay what'd you guys sing tell me if you
guys think that's pretty good
I'm really excited about it now we've
just got to shoot the video I'm not sure
if I'll be able to have it up before
playlist but definitely after playlist
we're gonna have a video for that but
I'm really excited I love the Beatles
and I think their music is amazing so I
would love to do like a bunch of their
covers yesterday I posted a picture on
Instagram and several of you guys were
like oh I see the bag in the back i see
the bag in the back I got a new diaper
bag slash travel bag for when we go out
of town and stuff and seriously I have
been loving it I've been packing a full
and I just thought it was so cute that
oh hey you just found his crackers I
just thought it was so funny that a lot
of you guys noticed it in the back
because I truly didn't even mean till
just happen it was just laying in the
back but I'm having so much fun it's way
too early to pack for Florida but I'm
already kind of pre packing to see how
everything fits I just packed like all
my makeup stuff in a little bag just to
see how everything fits and so this is
just that fun I had like packed so much
stuff in this little bag that I got and
it's just been so fun to like play and
I've always been this way like when I
first got married and we moved I had
like packed two months before I got
married because I just I think it's
funds like organize and pack and have
like everything ready to go and it's spa
and it's just that's so fun
I I've been doing it all day I all day
I've been like upstairs playing I've
been down here like packing Jack's here
I'll show you a little bit more but
anyway I just open the whole bag and you
can see the whole bag but I just been
packing and you have been stealing
crackers left and right do Frank's doing
crackers see a cracker
no stay cookie can you say cookie you're
not gonna say it cuz he has all the
cookies to himself look let's just try
we'll just see if he'll dress look
Jackson I have a cookie can you say
cookie say cookie say cookie
I'm gonna take that I'm gonna take that
grandma's tall ceilings so we can throw
Jackson up around this house um we were
home we got done with a lot of our stuff
early and we have no target no nothing
where we're at mom is a little ways away
and then and then you can go into town
and go run a couple errands but we had
to grab a few things for our trip and I
thought let's just go down my mom had
our stroller anyway and I walked in and
lo and behold grandma I got caught
grandma look what she's doing guys
caught she's mixing paints she's gonna
paint that picture and you're taking a
class and you've never taken classes
before well junior high and where did
you paint the picture in the living room
well I think was ninth grade tenth grade
that one
you painted yeah no I thought I thought
mom I thought mom painted that like when
she was married oh I'll show ya I gotta
show you guys my mom painted this I
guess um she was in like junior high
well that's good not the cutest picture
look how good it likes and my grandma
she got art lessons from what's-his-name
the curly-haired Bob Ross is that right
- grandma get have you other trees yeah
that was on the TV shows yeah I always
remember my mom's like grandma learn
from him grandma learn from him and this
is my grandma's paintings that she
painted that so we have paintings all
over my mom's house of what my grandma
painted but I just thought it was really
fun that moms taking a class and
something that I've always wanted to do
that maybe in the future that would be
something fun I would get a job to do a
Bob Ross painting date where you put up
a Bob Ross video picture that he's doing
cuz he goes through all the steps and
yeah let's throw up a happy little tree
up here there's you know these are all
there's no mistakes these are happy
happy mistakes and you know we should do
that we've always wanted to do that and
when we started the daily vlog that was
something that we wrote down that we
wanted to do haven't done it know we do
know somewhere oh I'm sure it's long
gone maybe it's some we shouldn't write
a list leave us a comment of something
that we should do as a part of sometimes
we have a hard time because it's like
what do you do on a date that you film
you know we don't just want glad to eat
in a movie all the time we want to like
do something together so yeah if you do
have ideas thud be found god it's one
that we want to do don't you think
that'd be fun
my grandma also painted this picture for
my brother and this is my grandmother
actually painted the pictures and she
loved flowers as she planted every
single one of these by hand should a
huge garden that she would plant and she
passed away when I was like five years
old but it's amazing how big of an
impact someone can make on you because
I'm flooded with memories of her like I
I know a lot about my grandma so she
made a big impact on loved her grandkids
and lastly this is another picture that
she painted so our whole house growing
up was pictures that my grandma had
painted and I think they're beautiful
maybe one day one will be in my home or
my siblings and it'll be really fun to
see the pictures being passed on in our
family's houses alrighty after much
deliberation thinking budgeting and
everything else that goes with it we
have decided to make a change Ellie
Ellie there's a change and we need to
make a change you need to make this
change that this is why I'm grateful
that we have budgets and because we have
a budget for different things different
expenses like this and we're prepared
and we're ready to do it we're ready to
make the plunge are you guys ready for
the change
are you ready on the count of three make
the change with me everyone hold on
tight cuz we're gonna make the change
ready what you gotta like here we go
ah what do you guys think does it look
any different what do you you guys look
a little bit different to me oh man
you're kidding a little heavy jeez I
gotta lift you up with two arms what do
you guys think Ellie what do you think I
look pretty good I think I adapted a
little yeah you think you've accepted
the change it's gonna take some time I
don't I'm not
it just takes time change is hard change
is hard change does take time but I'm
ready to make this change I hope you
guys are ready to make the change with
us because we're making this change
together sure tell me what it is they've
made on that yes we have decided to get
a new camera
it's the g7x after much thinking and
everything and debating I decided that
we wanted to get the Gen X would pick
out the camera Jax is just it's blurry
it's blurry we've probably had deleted
30 Clips this week that were really good
that would have been fun for us to have
his memories not even just to share then
we had to like throw away it was
completely blurred and I'm like I'm done
I'm done I'm done
we have me love cannon we got another
cannon but just not that s110 no see I'm
also excited because this is 60 frames
per second inside the camera we oh I've
got to unlock the car hold on timeout it
does 60 frames per second 1080p so you
can do slow-motion le hold the camera
and I'm gonna do a jump spin in slow
motion well guys we made the journey all
the way there and all the way back and
we had a great night I had Jackson on my
shoulders for a good amount of the day
and I don't know if you can tell but
like right here he was hanging onto my
hair because I was tilting him back and
I was like whoa and he was cracking me
up like crazy but if you can see like
right here my hair is just like pull
cord but guys thank you so much for
tuning in today I hope you had a
wonderful day today make sure that you
go out today and see if you can make
someone smile a little bit more than
they already are
have a wonderful day and we'll see you
guys in the next video
