I wanna get our charter okay Jackson hey
what a cute little boy oh hey hi Eddie
yeah I see you take a picture I want to
see what it looks like now Jackson
that's what it why don't you hold your
why don't you want your sippy cup with
your mouth oh why do you do that it's
okay I love this boy oh you're right
don't you why are you so cute why do I
love you so much oh is it because he's
the fruit of my loins because he's
arsenal guys today is throwback Thursday
oh it's throwback Thursday from all of
us to you we wish it were a Thursday
that's not how the song goes what's the
song oh come on it was so good hold that
thought how good I remember every day
nope it's throwback Thursday where me
and you talk about things that we used
to do gather around it as a gather
around and listen here we talk of things
of yesteryear where we talk about the
things from yesteryear I kick throwback
Thursday we talk about the things that
are in our underwear guys Jared was like
Ellie what are we doing for throwback
Thursday and they said Toby
Jackson you can just throw back Thursday
but you have to wait your turn you're
the youngest you go laughs I am I the
youngest and you go last that's how it
works I think it is the cutest thing
when Jackson since on his knees yes it
does that a lot it's my favorite but no
W city just on top of you yeah like I'm
doing here none of this that's bad for
you that's bad for your hips I'm out
Jared all the hip stuff he's like Dotson
oh you don't do that but throwback
Thursday I thought I've been getting
very ever so small I have been getting
ready for
game for Jackson's bag for when we go to
play this life have this diaper bag
ready I've got a few things ready and I
thought I know listening to me are you
guys head buddy
we're playing that's what we're doing
we're playing okay I thought it would be
fun to tell a short short memory of the
first vacation that you remember ah even
his scream is cute I know I'm sorry guys
you're probably like you guys are
driving me crazy today but okay I've
always a question very first I'll go
first I gonna get first yeah I would
like you to go first I'm gonna go first
I honestly I'm Chuck's it we're not
gonna do the vlog if he just ran his
head into the wall okay go ahead please
you gotta stall this regarding the first
vacation that I remember I had to have
been at least four no older I wasn't in
school yet I may have even been three I
just
I remember little bits of it we went
with a family that was family friends we
all my parents in there and the parents
had all the kids together you know those
family friends and we went to Canada
this is impossible few topics plane I
gone over here and um we come over here
boys sorry I left you but go home the
couch it's comfy er sorry
so we went to Canada and I remember two
things of that vacation
I remember having walkie-talkies they
had a walkie-talkie in their car
we had a walkie-talkie in our car and
then I remember you know that escalators
that go up and that you sit and it just
you stand and then I'll just take a baby
that's going anyway
we were on an escalator and I remember
the kid my age he was my friend cuz you
know he was my age and he was sitting on
the escalator
and he went all the way up the escalator
and was sitting and it tore his pants
and it like hurt his bottom like it
ripped through his pants and I remember
it was a big ordeal but I was just too
little too like comprehend but I
remember the parents they had a sweater
that they wrapped around him so nobody
would see his bottom did you call him
sweater pants from the rest of the night
oh I should happen at all but anyway
that's what I remember from my first
vacation is him sitting on the escalator
and it ripping his pants reading his
pants like pretty dangerous uh that's
say I mean he was okay I think it scared
him more than anything because we know
that he's okay can I say
that's hilarious getting your pal we
laughed about four years after dangerous
but because he's okay we can laugh about
it and say that's hilarious and that is
something that you would totally see
like on like America's funny stuff
yeah it was kind of crazy so jared is
there I mean Jackson's been so vocal
this is kind of fun actually to get it
but I feel like I would probably throw
him up in here a little bit if that's
why and you know what else is funny his
laugh makes my heart smile Jackson's
gonna laugh at five years with his head
hits the ceiling as you beg Romero I'd I
have I had in the ceiling mmm so Jay
what do you remember about your first
vacation um
maybe they only have to say maybe I'll
just point the camera at you get all the
cuteness well I remember when I was a
kid we would always either every summer
or winter or both we would go to Utah
with my grandparents my grandma and
grandpa lived live in Utah
yeah I met a breath from throwing
Jackson y-yeah sorry holy cow that's a
one day you got to read the ass
30 point buck a 30 point buck what's
that
it's an OL no it's an old comedy audio
thing that I got about this dream buck
bad people would get a 30 point buck but
yeah anyway um I would always go to Utah
and that's you know a true you know
vacation that I always remember but one
big vacation that I remember that you
know we just as kids his first vacation
yeah we we never really had big
vacations you know visiting grandma and
grandpa that was our vacation that's
pretty much how I list yeah I think
Canada was a rare yeah this this one
that I'm going to talk about is was an
extremely rare situation we went to
novel Illinois okay
just about longer we went to nabu
Illinois and um my grandma and grandpa
were actually working for our church in
Nauvoo said he's a punk I love him um
they were working for our church there
they were doing a mission there you know
we went to go visit him and I remember
that was the very first time that I saw
lightning bugs or glow bugs or whatever
you call them but at nighttime they
light up and you see little floating
bugs that are lightning you know across
the sky and I thought that was a coolest
thing and I put him in a jar because I
wanted to take him home because we
didn't have those in Washington State we
didn't have the glow bugs in Washington
say and I really wanted to keep him but
pretty sure they died before we even got
to the airport or a sibling probably
made you take him out of the jar or my
mom and dad were like sorry Jared they
being with your siblings Oh totally yeah
I remember sorry no please you go ahead
and tell your story I read it I thought
you already did but you could go and
join fry now this could be a wrong
vacation if I find the picture we'll put
it in I but probably we don't even have
it with us but I remember being on a log
and I remember in dope ton of water and
I was scary we were getting a picture I
remember my mom holding my leg extra
tight because it was like anyway sorry I
don't know why that was the story like I
just remember sitting on this log and my
mom was off my leg real tight well I
just wanted to ask if you remember being
with your siblings cuz I don't remember
really being with my siblings that's
just the only thing I remember and they
not even in the same trip yes I do
remember being especially Jennifer
because my little sister Jennifer who's
pregnant by the way we need to count how
many siblings we have that are pregnant
right now yes we'll do that in a second
Jennifer there was like a play that we
went to and someone who was in the play
gave her the nickname Jeff honour and I
have no idea why but we would after that
we would always call her Jeff iner
instead of Jennifer and so that's that's
one thing I remember I remember feeding
cows I remember going to all of these
historical monuments and buildings and
everything it was so much fun and I
think that was my very first time on an
airplane was going to Navajo I don't
think we go I honestly don't remember
but if we did take an airplane that was
probably the first time we took an
airplane right yeah but yeah we went to
Nauvoo we went to st. Louis and we went
to the arch I think that was on the same
vacation if you guys live in or been to
st. Louis they have the giant arch and
you take a little elevator you go all
the way up to the very top and you get
into this very very tiny contracted
space and it stinks and it smells real
bad you can see the whole st. Louis
skyline and the river and everything REE
went there run one something can we
block it
doing vlogs at the time we weren't we
went to st. Louis when my brother and
his wife got married I don't think we're
allowed started the vlogs not not far
after that yeah I remember taking clomid
at the hotel I remember talking about it
with Megan I think it was and so yeah we
started vlogging after kind of a sad
yeah I'm glad that we are doing it oh
yeah I I can think back to so many
different occasions where I was like
shoot I really wish we were vlogging at
that time I really wish we were vlogging
at that time thank you for letting us do
this so we can have memories and keep it
like that is the coolest thing that we
get to do is every single day we have a
memory and I was talking to Ellie about
a special thing because we've been
vlogging daily for almost 7 months and
we're thinking about what we're gonna do
at the year mark and I think I know what
we're gonna do for the year point but
I'm super excited about it but it's a
secret so I can't tell you I can't tell
you it's a secret
hey my mom our siblings let's count them
off okay you count your family oh let's
count them off let's see there is Julie
your sister okay I guess I should go
last that's the nicest thing Emily your
sister-in-law my sister-in-law Emily
uh-huh I think she's due first
yep uh Julie nope next then she's due
then I am do uh-huh and then bonnie is
due last of you may not know that body
is expecting ya bonnie is expecting um
and we all were pregnant
a year ago all of my siblings all of
them except my sister-in-law Emily so
like Ruby Bonnie me and so I think that
was probably one of the neatest
experiences of our life at that all of
Ellie's sisters were pregnant at the
same time super cool and so I feel that
way now that we're offering it so four
siblings on Ellie side Jennifer is
pregnant and I think that's it so five
of our family members are pregnant right
now and we'll have babies within four
months of each other five months of each
other
that is crazy there are going to be tons
of cousins running around and I'm so
excited
I think we see the 8th grandchild on
your side the 13th grandchild on my side
up so now there's gonna be like so many
more but yeah get so many babies already
guide that's the throwback Thursday
let's do the song overtime throwback
Thursday and you talk about the things
that really we used to do so gather
around and listen here so we can be
clear in under weird so we can talk a
thing talk about the things from
yesteryear
dhadak I just like to mess it up that's
okay you're my favorite mess up on
purpose
that's a weird things I think were we're
all over the place right now my gosh the
vlog I hope that you guys had a good day
and we will see you tomorrow goodbye
good night Kevin hallelujah
have a wonderful day say hello say I
love you bye bye
