good morning good morning we have a busy
busy day ahead of us we are gonna be in
the car
and Jackson guess who's gonna watch you
today do you know grandma's gonna watch
you you'd be good for Grandma
Jarrad what are we doing today right now
I'm uploading your video a Super Bowl
sliders where you have all your Super
Bowl snacks ready to rock and roll for
Super Bowl Sunday and I'm doing the
thumbnail right now so that's what I'm
doing right now but what was the
question what are we doing today
we good busy date we are driving 45
minutes to my parents house and then
another 45 minutes to Salt Lake City
don't like say Utah's well we're gonna
bite today what are you doing we're
going to a movie screening and the movie
is called the abolitionists and what it
is it's all about sex trafficking and
trying to get the kids out of there
because it's such a bad bad thing and so
these guys go to these different
countries and basically do a sting
mission and catch these guys who are
trafficking these children and you know
get setting them free essentially so
it's like it's gonna be like a really
tear-jerking video action oh yeah super
emotional like those oh I'm I'm kind of
nervous to see it honestly yeah me too
but I I feel really good that we were
invited and I'm excited to see everybody
there and I think it'll be a good
experience I think it'll be a lot of fun
oh my gosh we have to be so quiet
because of me maybe I have to be so
quiet right now but guess what there is
a Tesla car behind us
no not right now stupid sigh on the way
if it is keep out a little boy there was
a tails other and I wanna see it so like
I totally well Jackson up but I'm so
excited because this car that's right
beside us and coming up is a Tesla Ellie
getting get the Tesla to know and get
the disconnection crazy
do you think they can wave look at that
Tesla it's nice
you know what's funny is Jerry is a do
not like way huge in the cars
or I'm not a huge car get it but but you
like this car it looks really nice
I just think like the whole like I can't
even say his name right
Elon Musk
and one mask he he is like doing some
pretty crazy advancements in the world
if there was ever a really good Bond
villain or like Lex Luthor he would be
him because like on the front he looks
like this really awesome guy who's doing
these amazing things but we never really
know maybe he's an evil mastermind
behind the scenes we just don't know and
he's off he's going downstairs every
time I think as soon as he sees the
stairs he has it in his mind okay I'm
going down the stairs I've got to start
backing up oh now he's in the piano and
that's what I'm gonna get distracted by
something else
that's so funny Jackson do you know how
funny you are
do you know funny you are yes you baby
you baby
so while Jackson's with grandma and
before our movie premiere I'm asking
Jared a so removed my boot so I could
try on a he'll never play of course I'll
remove your boot I just don't know if I
like the heels whoa
I'm not that I just want I just want to
try on a nude heel
Oh luckily oh and my thumb in your sock
scratches this you guys I think Ellie
might feel a little bit stressed out
about this premiere I think she have you
kind of been picking your nose a little
bit oh yeah I know you should then
distress about I know you shouldn't pick
your zits but at least I didn't pick my
friends that yeah you can pick your zit
you can pick your friends but you can't
pick your friends it Ellie
I'm sorry I picked it like oh crap it's
bleeding good thing on my feet are so
small and they never carry my size I
didn't get the shoes what's up with
being so tall sorry Calvin Klein yeah
that's one thing that Ellie and I
struggle with sometimes is finding stuff
that fit us because we are pretty short
but we've got to get dressed for this
primarily we're gonna be late yeah we
wanted to come and go shopping but
another day we have zero time left we're
gonna be late to the premiere so we've
gotta go okay seriously guys this is a
judgment-free zone we may or may not be
changing in the parking garage
no he just put his shirt on it she's
putting what is that her few I totally
took off my pants and put on new pants
in the parking garage Beth do you think
I look all right it does that look
pretty good you got the blue button I'm
sure at the khaki pants Ellie is totally
sporting the white shirt and leather
legging I was like this shirt used to be
long crap that's because I'm 20 weeks
pregnant it listed uh does this look
okay I think you'll agree especially
when you have all did you know looks
like you're pregnant that's a good thing
that's a good thing right guys you look
like you're pregnant that's awesome
when you're pregnant we just got into
the megaplex feeder and there's that
amount of people here I'm like really
impressed there's so many people here
and oh
do they come from salmon salmon salmon
table lack like it's very fitting the
black is very thank you this is only a
Disneyland yeah the the dull quit I
heard the dull flips are pretty good the
hook we have to have the sign right here
and we have to say why we're an
abolitionist or like why you can see
over here some people are saying what
kids are my life you know all of these
different things so I'm thinking of what
I want to say here in regards what's
relevant for the movie and relevant to
our life taking their pictures of their
signs up so we'll have to go do that I
just ran into me at the company as you
guys saw her she story's amazing yeah
she's a really inspirational story she
airplane accident I didn't want the
baggage because I didn't wanna just like
be like person we just filled this out
and this is what we put I think now what
we do over there is they actually have
like a place where you take your picture
and then you do hashtag
our rescue so it's really cool because
we see all of these people that like we
recognize in the community so cool to be
a part of a little baby water please
oh that's a good that's a good one right
there
the boys are gonna go up like the Oh
just kidding I think we're done
yeah we're just good guys do you guys
need a move so that they actually feel
they want to film the boy see their
reactions towards there as well but the
boys they keep talking and moving to the
corner and so they keep getting bypassed
by multiple people so you guys just
gotta stick together so we got cut in
line way too many times so I think what
we're doing is instead of waiting - I
think we're gonna go get ice cream
instead I think that sounds like a much
better idea or a hamburger something
like that
because I'm eating a dessert we just got
done with the movie the abolitionists
and it was a really like emotionally
heart-wrenching movie about child
trafficking around the world and how
these guys go in to these like
undercover missions and they rescue
these children and they've rescued like
200 children from these traffickers who
just sell kids
yeah sell kid their bodies like they uh
it just
you can't help but fight the tears
because like you would never want your
kid to go through anything like that and
man it's just so like emotional and
emotionally draining they had one of the
parents in the audience and they brought
him down and that I think that's where I
lost it yeah so good they still haven't
found his son he got kidnapped it was
sold and anyway I just I feel very
blessed it makes you so grateful I feel
grateful for my son at home that has a
roof over his head that have trusting
grandparents and parents that love him
but I also feel blessed to have
knowledge of this this you know people
you know it's illegal to sell your
children and there are people that do
that and it is good to be aware and it
is good to know what's going around the
world and especially here in the United
States it was one of the biggest is not
what they were saying yeah it's one of
the largest crimes even in the United
States a third in the world but huge in
the United States so I feel very blessed
for the knowledge I feel very blessed
for my son this is a different type of
daily vlog I just because we're not home
doing our daily things this was a
different type of video and probably a
little over the place but one thing that
I kind of like feel almost like
encouraged to say is like go hug your
kids go tell them you love
go tell them you love them because there
are people out there who can't yeah and
I'm sorry like I'm getting super - go go
hug your kids and tell them you love
them because that's what matters
this is definitely any draining
emotional day and it was a different
type of vlog today
this was our whole day traveling up here
to be able to go to this movie premiere
and um yeah so thank you guys for
watching I hope that you guys have a
good day and like always we'll see you
guys tomorrow bye
