execute lay your head down oh there's a
good boy
oh this is so this is so so I say hi
guys good morning
oh we're just gonna cuddle all morning
huh oh no your heads off
whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa mister that
lashes fur that lashes for an awesome
night you want to use all of them at
once I don't think so I don't think you
appreciate lush she's smelly on me huh
yeah pick one up at a time set pre-qual
good morning guys well Jackson is taking
his first nap of the day I am getting
lunch ready I'm like yesterday I said I
was like I'm not going grocery shopping
we've got eat what we have I told Jared
I'm Jarrett I told Jared I was like you
are eating yogurt Jared he doesn't eat
much yogurt and he doesn't eat much
bagels it's just kind of stuff that I
like to have in the fridge but I was
like you got to help me eat all this
stuff because I don't want to waste
anything
but first things first I had to got my
vegetables cooked up and stuff because
those were the first that we're going to
go bad so I've got my vegetables cooking
and I have no chicken
why do but it's in the freezer and I
didn't have time to mess with this so I
am making my little sweet and sour stir
fry for lunch today but instead I'm not
going to have chicken so it's going to
be pretty hush vegetables and rice which
will be fine but anyway I got my
vegetables going and then Jared just got
back from working out and I have them
stopped at the grocery store to get a
little bit of something we've got some
sauce and a little bit of Hawaiian rolls
because I'm going to make a really yummy
dinner tonight and also I'm going to
film it because it's going to be a
really fun video but I like my meatballs
I have really yummy meatballs I have
made the past few years so I'm totally
making a video on that and look it here
good morning make sure your meatballs
aren't deflated okay that's very
important full and firm full term boss
and because it's it's football season
Sunday in Louisville and so yeah I'm
going to make that I think that would be
really fun for people that do Super Bowl
today today I have to channel my inner
Beatles so I am wearing the Beatles
shirt in honor of them because I am
working on my song today I'm super
excited because it is almost a pair it's
a almost approaching completion hey
Jared hey well it's your must lift your
arms up now flex I don't want to stop
just do it please
come on I will do it for you you'll flex
you're honest or did you guys see my
tweet the other day when I was like I'm
still really good at flexing my arm the
second before I only touches it okay oh
yeah oh no move your shirt who move your
shirt more delay that's so good oh good
I might oh yeah I'm not there yet a nice
flatter you you're doing a good job
that's something that we all need to be
better I'm me specifically it's like
when someone compliments you sorry I'm
sorry
thank you so much beautiful compliment
you're the best at all well I know I
know this is something that I've learned
that I need to do like when someone says
oh your outfits qrow yes not good sorry
it's not good
stop but you know what someone
compliments me it's like just say thank
you that is very much not like oh my
hair is just really frizzy or complaint
thank you I was met in the loving loving
way thank you and there you have it
there is lunch we both have a little
rice bowl full of vegetables that's the
way I wish mom I know that's the way I
know that's where the high ground is I
told Jared I was like can we get out of
the house cuz you know sometimes being
at home like we're working at home but
we're playing at home and I was like
let's just get out but it's too cold to
go to the park to take Jackson on this
week
and I think I think this mall has a new
play center so if they do we're going to
go play and if they don't I guess we'll
just walk them all you're just sitting
up there holding on one hand on Daddy's
hair one hand on your toy ball Jackson I
think I see something very fun and
exciting I do too I see one huge
playground this is insane I think they
just built it could chili be wrong I've
only been to the smell like once or
twice this isn't safe
alrighty Jackson we are here where all
of kids dreams come true I wish we had a
place like this when I was a kid I can
look at all of these air thing it's like
holy cow the whole
it's filled with them so Jackson and I
can have some fun father-son bonding
time we're going to climb that iceberg
we're going to go down some slides we're
going to climb up some more things we're
going to play around for us it's gonna
be a lot of fun okay are you ready going
down the slide we're gonna go down the
slide Jackson are you ready yeah we go
oh you didn't like that you didn't like
that buddy I think he's still getting
used to it Shh Jackson is on the other
side right over there Shh
Yoma sauce your sauce
there is
hey you having fun yet whoa I'm gonna
get you I'm gonna get you I'm gonna get
you hey I got ya I got ya
turn it around
hey well Jackson is having a pretty hard
time with these little air fun awesome
time things but I think it's because of
the noise the like the vacuums or the
air things that they have gone I think
he doesn't like that because when you
get inside of one of the blowup things
they're pretty loud so I think he
doesn't really like that because as soon
as you get out he's he's totally fine
but that's okay one of these days we'll
have some fun with it right Oh what do
you see over there what do you see
want to go try something new you pointed
out something you want to try okay mom's
back so we're gonna try another slide
just to see what he does a little bit
differently with mom in tow rather than
dad
oh you guys don't like it I honestly
think it's the noise I really do because
as soon as you get close to one he's no
no he's like oh I'm out of here
he doesn't like it here's what I want to
do though Ellie do you see this one
right huh yeah maybe he wants it maybe
there's a specific one he wants to go to
well you haven't been going to that one
yeah let's let him choose the one he
wants to go to what I want to do though
Ellie is I want to go through that one
right there and I want you to time me
okay gonna be a race I'm gonna have a
good time though coats coming off
go up.this want to come back that one
okay before Jackson goes too far okay
it's a slide on the other side so I
don't know if I'll be able to do it oh
stop much yeah you're taking my stop
lunch get set go
oh whoa I thought he was coming bad yeah
I thought he was just running up the
alleyway coming back regen go
seriously where is he that's not what I
was expecting
he doesn't like that close my time
Oh 55 55
woody Jared that's enough fun that's not
like that you're doing I thought you're
running up this white one and just
coming back on the white one no I did
the whole course here I want to do it
okay Ellie you wanted to do it a certain
way let's see your stuff
that's what you're gonna do eight-second
yeah I wasn't satisfied with my time
it's not good enough I've got to do it
again mark get set go
he's literally doing the haul right you
cheer for daddy cheer for dad hurry your
gun catcha
Oh where's my top 25 Oh what took me so
long last night I don't know
good job huh Jackson having fun now I
thought you'd love this place me too do
you have your piggy bank that Grandma
and Grandpa gave you this is the piggy
bank he got for his first birthday
and Lauren thank you from Australia sent
Jackson a Australian dollar and so I
thought it would be perfect for him to
put it in his little piggy bank I'm out
of breath Oh like always but you like
your piggy bank huh look look Jackson
this goes in there look can you put that
in there there no won't keep in your
pocket it's special can you put it in
there one two three now he's in here is
that in your piggy bank now how fun is
that seriously that was so fun to get I
was like thank you so much we'll put it
in this little piggy bank but when we
get all this money out one day we'll
look at that
little dollar and we'll talk about it
he's like that's not fun I can't have it
get you booked Mohawk baby
look at that dude that's so long Jackson
you're just sitting there you know
reading your book whoa
you give the puppy kisses Oh puppy
kisses give the puppy kisses kisses
orders a sweet kiss how come you're such
a sweet boy huh okay guys I think this
is the vlog for the day I think
Jackson's just gonna finish off his
night reading
a little book I'm going to finish off my
night actually today tonight is bachelor
bachelor night and guess what I miss
bachelor last Monday I'll probably miss
it tonight because there is two videos I
really want to film and so I thought it
would be best to write to Jackson goes
to bed so I'm going to film those videos
tonight and then tomorrow you better
believe which was kind of crazy too well
I'm going to catch up on The Bachelor
one of these days but for sure this week
because that is like so fun for me to
watch I look forward to every season so
say goodnight say cookie I say Dada Dada
Dada Dada Dada Dada Dada Dada Dada Dada
Dada Jackson say dekhta yes okay I don't
even know if I should talk to him to say
mama say mama mama do you say mom no
okay he said cookie and he said dad so
there you have it hope you guys have a
great day and we will see you tomorrow
bye
member
