Church starts on five minutes do you
wake him up to go to church on time or
do you let your sleeping baby sleep
that's the dilemma we're helping right
now
Jackson fell asleep us in a five o'clock
woke up at 9:30 how to borrow went back
to bed and he is been sleeping all
morning he woke up this morning had a
bottle
it's 11:30 he is still asleep it makes
me so happy I'm like I know he's not
feeling well so like when he sleeps like
this it's like good swing he is TV he
hasn't been filling his cake we're gonna
be quiet because he is if he is teething
it doesn't feel well we're gonna let him
sleep for a little bit we'll be a little
bit late to church for that she thought
I was just thinking what he probably is
not feeling very well because of his
teething yeah because we have giant team
we have such big teeth that he's
teething and it's like oh my gosh this
giant white things are coming into my
face
that's probably why I just finished
doing the dishes and as I was doing the
dishes I was like it looks really pink
outside I have to show you what our Utah
sunset looks like right now
aren't those clouds beautiful it looks
like cotton candy and literally we have
cotton candy ice cream inside so I'm
probably so if it doesn't look gorgeous
it's a beautiful Utah sunset for you all
those mountains mountains us.you tones
never say Artie's that's beautiful shot
hey Jax check the deck hey are you gonna
have a fire and roast some marshmallows
should we close the door hello close the
door
hey thank you very much see you hey I
see you hey I love this was just wearing
his diaper it's my favorite thing in the
world and it usually happens Winnie has
a blonde clothes oh hey whoa whoa whoa
whoa Jackson is such a happy boy I was
actually talking to Jarrod today I was
like last summer was kind of crazy with
all my work schedule and everything that
was going on and we went on a few hikes
last year but this summer I was like
it's gonna be so fun to go on some
family hikes I have a couple places that
I want to specifically go that Jared and
I have never been together to do like
some summer hikes I'm already thinking
about the summer when we have the new
baby and stuff but it's just it'll be so
fun this year to go camping it'll be fun
no actually have like a reaction system
yeah we're gonna have a campfire at
Grandma's I'm sure we're gonna roast
marshmallows so we'll probably be able
to walk himself to so we only have to
carry one baby most of the time I know
it's not crazy we're gonna have to baby
soon I know we're gonna have two babies
like in five months is that just about
yeah I haven't been almost five months
that's crazy
we've still had questions if we have a
name we will tell you as soon as we have
a name we actually we have tossed about
more names this week um especially the
Brian Emma see being in town then we've
then we've thought about like I talked
about a lot so I think we've narrowed it
down to a few yeah oh he just had
blocked the vacuum through the test yeah
when we know we'll tell you for sure but
welcome to our Sunday where we usually
do a little one take what we filled a
couple clips this morning cuz it was too
cute oh yeah there's some you know
there's some things that you just can't
miss you know like when Jackson is
asleep in the middle of it like a shirt
thank you every day struggle and in the
sunset and at this handstand oh yeah
this is handstand we haven't done one a
long time I died I could totally do
wanna not that big but I'm just not I'm
going to I'm just not going to here's a
question who is going to play this live
that's what I want to know 1111 days
till playlist live
1111 days 11 days we're flying on an
airplane we're going to Florida in 11
days can you believe that I'm excited
I'm super excited who are we going to
meet are we going to meet you let us
know in the comments if you're going to
playlist
it's a white digs akkad on up to six and
get the camera yeah there's good like
this okay you're gonna start talking
like you this is
your transition q1 doubt point at the
baby make you footage thank you for it
hey I'm Jackson said cookie for grandpa
today say cookie said cookie where is it
say cookie oh great here cookie he says
cookie for sure he said oh sure it's
gonna get a good round okay Jerry's
gonna get a cookie
but um yeah we have 11 days to play this
live I kind of wiped up the kitchen now
that our friends are gone I just had
been wiping up today and I was looking
through our fridge because you know
grocery shopping a whole bunch before
they came and you know we went out of
course to eat and stuff and I was like
11 days Jared we are going to the
grocery store and buying bread and milk
and that is it because we're gonna eat
everything in our house before we go I
don't want anything wasted so say cookie
let's tell you what we're doing Cheers
say it again
say cookie you say I said it hey cookie
he tried he totally is I just do me I
come here sorry I kind of totally like
interrupted his cooking this Benny way
we just like I'm just what I cleaned up
and I was like we're eating everything
so today we ate like sandwiches and just
like leftovers things that we had it's
it's I'm excited because we you know we
have it's almost like we put ourselves
in these situations where we have to be
like okay we have this goal and let's
see if we can do it we have a mission
like the fridge you know what let's eat
whatever we can that we have and not go
buy anything and I think that's kind of
fun and so one challenge that I have for
myself this week is um lose weight I
don't need to lose weight you want to
work out right so I'm doing Carly and
Kaylie's dietbet and I think it's the
4th of February 4th I have to lose a
certain amount of poundage and so
tomorrow like Monday Wednesday Friday is
usually when I go to the gym but I'm
gonna totally change up my routine and
stop lifting and totally like switched
up to cardio so I can lose like more
weight yeah so I'm anxious to see how it
goes I'm proud of Jed he did workout
once while Brian and Missy we're
and then with like all the activities
that you did skiing snowmobiling I know
like snowmobiling is really up that like
no mobiling is working out because the
snow is like four feet deep and when you
walk like I probably sweat way more
snowmobiling than I did at the gym oh
one I'm glad that your head can I go for
snowmobiles Jolin Brian and Missy kept
crashing I was the only person engine
get stuck Oh boom but guys that is our
little one take Sunday kind of for you I
hope that you guys have had a good week
thank you for like such a fun week it
was so fun to be with Brian and Missy it
was fun too for us to share a little bit
of our friendship and stuff with you
guys yeah and we just have a really good
week it's been a refreshing week to be
with friends and I think I like Sundays
because Sunday's are the start of a new
week and I always like to take the new
week and see what I can do to make this
week better than the last week in terms
of myself not just like you know yeah
last week was really great but what can
I do this week that to make myself a
better person to make myself smarter
more fit healthier oh yeah you know all
of those things I know I was like you
knew sit down Sunday night and like
prepare of the week like what are we
gonna do this week what like you know
figure out you for playlist live that's
one thing that we're gonna do we have a
lot of activities that we're doing to
prepare for playlist live and for the
future so I'm really excited so what I
want to know is what are you guys gonna
do to help yourself prepare for this
week I think we should do like a
motivational Monday motivational Steve
motivational Steve's gonna come out on
Mondays and he's gonna yell scream and
he's gonna motivate you and you know why
because your mission is about Jackson
hahaha every covered there you go those
covers are totally safe yeah totally
it's just uh guys that's our video today
thanks so much for watching I hope you
have a wonderful day and I hope that
every day is not a struggle but this
shirt is so awesome I actually saw I was
watching the Shaytards and Gavin had
this shirt
why can you believe that he was wearing
this shirt buddy he got the more
the cracker tender camera okay guys
we'll talk to you later
I'll see you tomorrow give me a kiss oh
I love it no you don't kiss that I don't
want finalized okay thank you okay so MA
