good morning good morning how are you
guys what a wonderful day to start the
day the breakfast in the morning
breakfast in the morning nah yeah
breakfast before your teeth has not been
brushed Shh don't tell them I haven't
brushed my teeth yet okay I want to
brush my teeth either but me and Missy
just got that from the little girls
morning what did we do how nice we got
massages we finally got a massage that's
all I wanted for a long long time and it
felt very nice so that was really fun to
do mom and dad have been treating us way
too nice mom is making some yummy sauce
to go on our evel's Keepers and Dad
what's the spittin in little Baba
ooh that's cool and the dad is making us
Apple schemers and I don't think we've
put them on quite yet but I'll show you
what those are now ebelskivers are a
family tradition in our home we have
lots of Danish ancestry in our family
and it's funny because when Ellie's
parents came to our house was it when we
got married for the reception we had
Elvis keepers and my parents showed
Ellie's parents what they are and what
do we got going here look at that just a
pan here it's beautiful it's delicious
we're putting fruit inside of it because
that just makes it so much sweeter and
delicious these are blackberries yes mmm
you put a little blackberry in it I was
gonna turn it use a darning needle dad
makes it look easy what are you cooking
them in take a little oil yeah there's a
little bit of oil in each each of the
little cups and also magic and happiness
yeah dad does make it look really easy
so this is it right here this is the
grand breakfast now look at those Apple
speakers they should call them little
balls of happiness because they're just
so good in fact Tom Brady has touched
those balls and they felt perfect that's
how good they are I said that before I
found the vlog and then I had to film
the vlog because I thought well that's a
funny joke I should put that in the book
but honestly mom and dad thank you so
much for making us this is so
so good well you don't know where we got
the idea in the recipe oh my gosh
they've never tasted like your parents
oh well you need baby they've had years
and years and years and years of making
them so you need to go there and have
her show you how yeah and teach
everybody how to do them jr. that mom
you've got to really teach us how to
make pebbles fever's that way I'll throw
my pan on the steam gonna say about
today is a really a sad day it is the
last day that we're hanging out with
Bryan Missy and oli buys the week goes
by too fast and went by fast and we were
at their house but it's kind of the guys
have had a lot of fun but we have had a
lot of fun too but today is kind of like
our day me and Missy got the massage
we're at the little shopping center
we're going to go to lush and we're just
going to relax and hang out and then
hopefully maybe we'll take the kids to a
little treehouse place but we're here at
this beautiful little place it's cute
huh there's just lots of funny stuff
over here
lots of longer stuff Jackson hasn't been
feeling very well here's a good little
blanket I know he's all bundled up I
think he's teething last night he slept
on my chest he fell asleep right here
and I didn't want to move because he was
really upset I think his teeth they're
bothering him and when I was in bed I
literally was like this is how I gonna
sleep like so I like this better it's
been a rough couple nights with Jackson
but it's been poor guy and having fun
with ollie
yeah he's been had fun with but I know
Missy thank you so much for letting
today be so fun I cannot wait I am gonna
go into lush and I want to kiss those
little puppies
we're in lush Ellie's favorite place in
the entire whole world in the entire
universe running
like yeah Ellen literally Ellie ran to
the door she is so excited to be here
and I said Ellie you know what
you don't go to lush all the time just
go crazy have fun get whatever you want
it's okay
since we have our new place I've never
had a bath that much product so I got a
basketball a few of different kinds but
I have a Jared pick out a massage bar
you know I have one for my tummy uh-huh
which is called therapy a lot of you
guys have asked but this one do like oh
it's a gross smell it oh it is really
good Oh smell that it's really good so
like when chair gives you back rubs or
if I get the back rub we can use this
like you're gonna be really fun yeah
when I give you back rubs that'll be
early but seriously Ellie you deserve it
thank you have a wonderful day today you
get what everyone Hey look at those
teeth errs well I just looking from up
here like they are getting so good you
can see over on this side here I'm a
dentist right now you can see right over
here on this
he's definitely growing some teeth right
any see that oh my gosh oh my gosh
that's a big teeth coming in huh yeah is
that the top like jugs little of oh my
gosh no wonder he's been kindness
I'd love these bottom teeth though look
at the look at what that looks like a
little rabbit a little rabbit uh are you
making friends with the girls that love
always doing the et Jackson yeah but
daddy's dude calm Nick is Ollie do you
only cuddle with us when we give you
candy it's not the only time you like us
oh you shouldn't have said anything
baby look look look look look look huh I
don't know that says gonna get anyone
huh
see ya Oh too soon you'll see yeah we're
just uh thinking of plans and I'm
Brandon make sure to drive so we're just
hanging out with all the jacks is taking
a nap oh yeah I don't know it's really
late it's like four funny almost so
we'll see if he actually naps but we
laid him down he was really tired
it's okay Jerry okay I fight I fight
guys we just found out well we didn't
just find out but we're debating for a
while Brian and Missy are gonna leave
tonight they're gonna leave like an hour
is what we just found out they are gonna
split the trip and they're gonna do some
gambling in Vegas one gambler
Holly will though all I heard is really
good at the slots he's passionate he's
really good electron yeah but guys this
is like we're seeing good behind like
this is heart we're not gonna say
goodbye yet we'll see you later bye see
you later
cuz in two weeks we're gonna play this
life tickets are almost sold out for
players like go get some tickets right
now if you want to go to playlist live
in Florida how many 12 days it's like 12
days right she's okay real quick here's
what I want you guys to do I want you to
tell your favorite moment of the trip
starting with Ollie oh we go boys your
favorite moment of the trip right there
that was actually pretty good
Oh mentally feeding him yeah candy the
whole trip Ollie's Ellie has a piece of
candy she's like yeah he you posit in
the first time you're like you need food
but he ate the five graphitic or you
really like the red vines okay Ellie
favorite moment of the trip Roper I
think my favorite moment of the trip was
just hanging out at night I'm just like
watching friends all right I was like
cuddly you have to come over to do and
watching really just I think just like
when like we were just home eating a tub
of ice cream yeah yeah that's that's
good okay Brian
I would definitely say when we were
snowmobiling going up that hill right as
the Sun was setting
yeah and we just like stopped there and
like looked out yes amazing cool
miss equal well if I do something else
because suit cuddling on the Fed with
Ellie but I like mine uh fun I okay
eating at that firehouse keep the
Rabbani and everyone and that bouzouki
Missy has been talking about that
Pacifica cookie thing that we had every
single day since we've been here what
about when you went down that hill when
you're skiing like a frickin pro hey we
got a hill
this and she's like I know I like gonna
walk down I was really really impressed
with how well Missy did on her very
first time stay glad she went yeah
because we were debating about it for a
little bit whether Missy would go and or
the girls were just hanging on the wall
I want to leave Ollie of course but I
was like I'm Craig no I'm going to stay
home like let the boys play and he loved
it well and it's how often do you get to
go skiing in Utah you know thing I never
been skiing I did want to go but it's
like yeah well but I'm glad Ellie was
like go go go as I go I was I look at
her I'm like I'm so glad I'm here like
this I'm so much fun good turn your eyes
is your favorite moment of the trip my
favorite moment of the trip probably the
coolest moment of the trip was when we
were on the snowmobiles and we're going
up that ramp oh my god like straight up
that was probably the coolest thing um
funnest I think the funnest moment is
when everyone came in the door and we
all hugs
I think I like the funnest like most
exciting thing but the whole week was
really fun and I really had a good time
and you guys are awesome well you guys
make it easy well that's what we want to
do we want you we want you guys to be
comfortable and you know everything so
thank you guys for coming thank you for
having us go chase your Noda do you guys
want to know what's next
what is sense we went to California
vitamist you came here well if we could
do that we could go to California or we
could all go to Alabama and go to the
beach house are we inviting ourselves
so Paul let me just tell us Daisy yeah
you just helped Planet we're gonna be
there we've been dropping hints like
four months now come on come on let's go
to the beach house no we'd be really
well we're all gonna take turns with me
up here we'll meet up there it's fun we
have met lifelong friends lifelong yeah
that's the coolest thing about YouTube
is the interaction the community the
friends that you meet so thank you guys
for making it happen for us and thank
you guys for being our friends you did
you write it on the pig do you like the
pig Ollie has been standing on this pig
you know that every time we come to
Grandma's house this huge pig Jackson
just
kisses and head buds well all he likes
to stand on it so if it here in a few
months Jackson I'll be standing on it
but it's good grief at 6:30 and Jackson
actually took a nap I think he is
exhausted this is the latest not he's
ever taken and those teeth yet he might
be in bed for the night now because we
may not go home tonight we'll see the
fun was but maybe we won't but anyway
those teeth those poor babies
Oh his more poor mouth he's just so so
sad don't have glasses we're staying
here and I guess Brian's ass oh this is
too funny care long story short mom
still uses the phone book and that good
went on some encounters off ya go show
me the nearest Papa John's done burn oh
that was a 100 that's the one we call ya
know okay 6100 yeah it's quick honest
phone buzz runners that corner cream oh
we may call Papa John's women for the
ones here but anyway is so funny mom
filled out the phone book
you're so funny mom we're getting
pictures goodbye mom fix up for chair
and says nope I get a picture with my
chair that you guys signed so misty and
Bryan has signed my parents furniture
this is so cute guys I think this is
actually happening I think this is real
I don't know that this is our YouTube
goodbyes but the struggle is not too bad
because we're seeing them into week to
week and we have already planned our
next trip either with Cole and Katie we
talked about love earlier or there's
another trip that we love having amazing
friends that we can go and do things
with and explore the world together
whether that's what we should do okay we
gotta get a gruesome
then by the bag oh that's once someone's
definitely touching my butt I lived in
when all fog oh we have to redo the
let's recognize what time someone's
touching my butt again
definitely the lap dancing is that you I
think you should just mine too is a butt
toucher thanks so much for watching
today
as usual I'll have the links down below
to check out Brian Emma see if you
haven't already have a wonderful day and
as always Ellie we'll see you tomorrow
without our friends only speak when they
won't be that lame it'll be a little bit
lame but not that lame but have a
wonderful evening date night and we'll
see you guys tomorrow bye
by travelpod
