sceeto sceeto sceeto guys we are going
skiing today we've got Brian Missy dad
and Joel here these two head honchos
over here are gonna show us the ropes
make sure we know what we're doing show
us the ropes show us the slope honey
that's so funny I'm super excited
because I've got a few times but this is
Brian and this is very first time skiing
yep on the slopes I think you guys are
gonna pick it up real quick I really do
I don't think you're gonna have a hard
time with oh so you're gonna do great
you ski in the world's best resort snow
basin snow basin what does it say on the
Utah license plates most greatest now
finish world's greatest now and that's
what we're gonna go do
good morning good morning guys
I am getting a feel for what it is like
to have two kids you both went down for
a nap at the same time thumbs up for
that you both woke up at the same time
and you both had huge crappy diapers and
so I ran down I got ollie first cuz I
didn't want him upset because his mom
and dad are skiing right now and I
didn't want him to be flustered any more
than I kind of already is so I got all I
done we're eating a Nutella like jelly
and/or leftover french toast and Jackson
you have no clothes on because you
literally had it everywhere and we are
gonna eat the same thing so you two boys
are gonna sit together you're going to
be happy and you're gonna eat you are
gonna be happy alrighty we just got on
the mountain with Bryan and Missy and
Missy's you know leading the pack she's
going right ahead of everyone she's
using the skis to her to the poles to
her advantage Bryan and I are just kind
of hanging out here we've got our GoPro
set up on the ski because right now
we're just going down the bunny hill so
we're not gonna do the swivel mount here
but we're just going over some basic
instruction here before we go on the
first lift
are you excited Bryan that's uh I'm not
gonna push you right sorry well I think
my job is done
I at least got alway to eat a little bit
because he kind of just is a little
doesn't have much of an appetite when
his car when his mama is around so he at
least charged crackers a hooker Nullah
bar and he has lots of options though
and Jackson enjoyed his jelly sandwich
and there's a lot left over oh he wants
more yeah what are you doing hey are you
sharing you're sharing all your toys is
your cousin look I got Jackson alrighty
his hair done I even did all his hair
does he look fly or what his mom and dad
are gonna come home I think he looks
pretty sharp I think your new little
haircuts cute and he was such a good
little boy to let me cut his hair but
he's been doing really good since his
mom and dad left she really didn't like
her Lucy and Brian first us but it's
good nap he's actually eaten he's
playing he's running around so this is
great I hope everybody is being safe and
having fun on the mountain guys you did
it yeah you didn't even fall I'm so
proud of you guys this is the best part
so cool guys look how beautiful that is
aren't we so blessed to live in this
place for real man blessed to be able to
visit the place periodically yeah in
small spurts are you not a fan of the
cold Brian no I like the cold my
brother-in-law Gary is like the biggest
fan of cold weather because he loves
snowboarding so much and I don't get it
I love it but I'm not that good so maybe
maybe if I were better then it would be
an amusement park ride right yeah
exactly
lift this is part of the this is part of
the fun right here now getting off
that's the hard part
seriously what did you say that this
looks like take care
welcome to our daycare where we have
shut the door open the toy closet and we
have a little little mini-me is running
everywhere little toys six kids we're
all playing in the world just watch each
other we're gonna put on Brian and
Missy's video now and watch Marilla all
I watch them on the dad so we're gonna
go ahead and go and watch that video and
then we're gonna continue to place all
of our toys
daddy's here dancing all right you guys
are you getting the hang of it you guys
just like little pissing little you know
bomb soon the daily bumps did the bumps
oh there you go being funny
yeah second time today do you think we
can go for three let's try and go for
three hey I almost dropped you there
already guys Brian and Missy are gonna
show you their stuff they've been
learning and we're gonna go down the
jump scores here real quick on the bunny
hill I'm gonna go I'm gonna go with you
guys and I'm gonna film you how about
that
let's see you backflip Brian
Oh Brian's turn it on the heat right
turn on the heat here we go
oli
do you like that ball you've been good
just to play you guys have not met
someone that I have to tell you about
let me introduce you his name is Eggbert
and you can see there's a smiley face on
him I drew this 15 years ago 15 years
ago this ball used to be bigger than me
and after his price played it up like
that I thought it for one of my
birthday's and my mom just said that
when it pops we're gonna have to have a
funeral because this is so happy you
happy thrown that around but seriously
this has been around forever I used to
stand on it jump on it bounce on it and
now look my kids are playing with it
what a what an investment how much do
you think this was it is slowly deflated
a little but it's a pretty dang big ball
and here comes Jared whoa oh dude you
got air Mike you definitely got there
like six inches yeah definitely
well I think we're about to make the
last run of the day today it's been a
really fun day we've had a lot of fun
there's been a couple crashes but I
think our spirits are still lie down and
they're gonna take one last final run
cross our fingers this isn't the last
run it's always the last one that you
have some sort of injury but we'll cross
our fingers we're gonna make one more
run after this here so this won't be our
last run oh there you gotta get down
without getting hurt then that will be
that'll be the last time that's a good
way of it I'm not sure which lunch this
is hi yeah let's find out cuz I really
like this lodge I just don't know what
name it is
the ITO floss yeah that's where we are
thank you
still alive alrighty we just finished up
a wonderful day of skiing how is it
everyone you guys have done beat me up
well did you fight back Brian did you
fight back oh yeah any day of skiing I
think it's great I think it's something
I want to keep doing because I feel like
I'm getting better it's just a lot of
fun oh yeah yeah we should take Jackson
that would be so much fun Ellie we're
gonna take Jackson next time we go okay
do it this is weird
cricket cricket we come with glad
tidings we have food okay we're gonna
eat it ourselves
okay I guess we're gonna dig in we let's
go to like a hotel or something enough
let's go
we hey that's leaking by the way we the
boys just got back they went all day
like they left at 8:30 and they got back
is now 5:30 they drink on skiing all day
we've been playing as the kids all day
every single one of us have headache the
boys are the girls but ABCs it is a
Chinese place that we really really like
if we never really went out to eat
growing up it we would either order a
pizza once in a while or it was we all
the family went out to ABCs and so it's
really good place we want to Brighton
and miss you to try it out so make you
mom and dad for treating us we have a B
fees here we're all gonna take a bite to
eat we're gonna replenish all the babies
are gonna like take fast we're gonna get
them to bed we're gonna relax we're
gonna rest I think everybody is really
sore
why does it right you are you tired well
yeah I'd be tired too if I started clear
across to but to to go downstairs like I
got a break I'm good see my child is so
safe he is like extra cautious I'm gonna
sign get a backup way over here to back
up down the stairs there you go so we
have all eaten the Chinese food and for
some reason I think I got gypped because
all you have ice cream the way Olli
oh but you guys come to my mom's house I
guess all the kids can be ice cream is
only baby without ice cream after well
is everybody so much fun yet yeah I
think we are all exhausted and ice I am
with myself EULA and go skiing because
me Ronnie are exhausted pretending ever
and mom so I think we're gonna go ahead
and end the vlog but we have one last
day with our things until our vacation
as I know I know it so sad
ok say doctor ok we'll see you guys
tomorrow bye
