Holly are you playing with the pig too
is the pig your friend oh you know that
that's Jackson's friend to look
Jackson's gonna come over and he's gonna
kiss his piggy
every time Jackson comes to Grandma's
house he kisses the little piggy and all
he found it
and those two of them playing like crazy
we are now at my mom's house she's been
so good she's gonna watch the boys while
all of us go out on a date today and
Missy's mom was so good to watch our
kids when we were visiting them so my
mom is taking the turn from watching the
kids so thank you you're welcome
yes I have to show you this if you
remember from yesterday jerilyn with why
more and god sure and said jared if i
buy you the shirt will you wear and I
said sure so this is a shirt I'm wearing
today can you read that real quick
everyday struggle everyday struggle
that's what I'm all about
Wow
there's something about coming to
Grandma's house and having you walk you
walk in and it just smells like a
well-cooked meal and that's exactly what
we have here look at this
this is incredible roast beef sandwiches
pineapple carrots I hope and grape juice
not Jam goodbye there's cheddar so I
would just about rather have original
but I'm just saying I'm just playing mom
don't cater to me you should know that
after five years you don't have to cater
to me especially when I'm the minority
everyone else likes these cheddar chips
look at these giant rolls though they're
golden brown
I don't think any store-bought rolls can
get better than that
oh no the bottom of the chair guestbook
uh-huh she has people sign her chairs
anybody under this one I feel honored
mom wins my mother they have a guestbook
but when someone really special comes
she wants them to sign the bottom of her
chair whether it be a bar stool or chair
or something less you want million Brian
to sign the bottom of her chair I feel
honored okay I think my mom feels
honored he's okay it's me there you go
it's for the great lunch no good
signature oh thanks I know we need to
practice honey
well now I'm interested to see who's
under this chair what we hate to dine
and dash but that's exactly what we're
gonna do
we are gonna go see a movie Ellie's mom
was gracious enough to watch the babies
while they take their nap and we're
going to go see a movie we're just going
to hang out and have a lot of fun we've
got some fun activities planned yeah
we're going on a date we're taking the
boys are not included it's just us
adults and we're going to have a lot of
fun all Ian Jackson just woke up from
their naps and their mom and dad's went
to a movie and I told them that I would
watch the kids and so it's been a lot of
fun but it's really hard to keep track
of the both of them because they're like
cats they just separate they just run
through the house hey where are you
going you've been hiding behind the
couches Olly are you gonna go hide
behind the couch the boys have found a
basketball I think Ali really likes to
play basketball because that's this is
about the second or third time I've cut
him back here trying to get that ball
out there you go Olly
let's go bounce the ball Jackson should
we play Stockton to Malone let's go back
let's go play basketball shall we
ah look who saved the day this is
Jared's walking camera and he left it in
the theater so I rescued you guys I just
rescued you and they're right over here
so I'm gonna walk to the car
you guys are not right and repair our
child you're back did you miss this I'm
so sorry I'm so sorry Becky I I have no
one and he has a lipstick on his cheek
and his forehead now I'm trying to not
kiss him on his lips because that's not
nice to do other people's kids but so
cute we have Jenica and Sam here we all
have a go whole gang here we are or not
we they are doing the fast track they're
going to go to a speed racing way and
I'm gonna hold no wet and I put my genic
are gonna hang out and we're gonna get
us on night footage you guys you guys
are entirely responsible for all the
commentary that you're gonna happen I'm
pretty good at commentary okay we're
good this will be good
you do real whoo you paint my necklace
like Jackson he's making me miss Jackson
I'm sure the boys are having fun with
Grandma that makes me miss them
can we put well I'm doing to entertain
these little boys are watching their mom
and daddys vlogs and the little boys has
been so good to sit and watch themselves
on these vlogs and Oliver he'd put his
our mountain he was really wanting his
daddy a second ago it's been pretty cute
you are such a busy little guy yes I
forget how much work you little people
are one of you is bad enough that let
alone to what was what's this little
pile
here we see hmm well grandpa come and
help in here I'm I'm sure glad grandpa
got home I wore out already
no way you would try to kiss me hey very
tiny kissing me oh you leaned in look at
all this pitch smart ray email oh look
what auntie Ellie taught him I usually
good like that
I know I had my high school days let's
do this it's time let's race I'm gonna
do the best commentary woman you've ever
met
we've good luck and thank you may the
best racer win yeah
may the loser buy my steak tonight ha ha
ha
Jared you know moon there's my handsome
guy let's get this on
you're getting awesome GoPro footage off
sharing the one of my wife makes me is
coming around the corner we have pedal
to the metal
Sam there's a love of my wife Jared it's
a second place folks buy houses and
second place for landing the first and
once again shabby Bo battle for the
battle Disneyland gets going to buy my
steak tonight for dinner shoes and last
place book 50 landing the last place
girl you're the only girl out there you
gotta go to the middle for us girls out
here that are not racing Missy landing
so far unfortunately may have to buy my
dinner
jeromy's Noah's first place everybody
Jared Miko much here for Jared because I
was hanging it on to that buddy or I was
like a grip exercise on the
straightaways I let go I just let go
looks like you crash that's what you
have read I said Anna night sue it is
sick I was like fogging up my advisor
winner is Yoshi out of our gear and then
toad and then each Oh
Missy's buying me dinner Oh average
miles per hour for me was 21
thank you this is cool that's awesome
dude I'm proud of you proud of you girl
well I have to tell you when my kids
were little I would put him to bed
pretty early 7 o'clock was none too
early to put him to bed and five minutes
to 7:00 I'd get the shakes because I'm
like I am so tired I'm ready to put
these kids to bed so as you can see we
have a little ways to go ah quite a ways
love them to death they but they just
they just run you oh and they're good
kids I've been here just a couple hours
yeah they're good kids but it's like you
don't want one of them to get into
something disappear and you get frantic
if you can't find one well even as we
speak
hey what you doing down there guys huh
you play with the telephone yes and the
hairdryer and you boys and you're in
grandma's curtains oh my goodness
you boys get out of those curtains so
many many many moons ago Ellie and I
went to this very Ruby River restaurant
and we celebrated our so yes I'm
like that car accident Rojo is that our
first anniversary
nothing is our second there's our first
or second anniversary and we went to
this Ruby River and we sat up in that
loft right there and we carved our name
because everyone today yeah and I want
to go see if our name is still up today
so I'll be right
I found it I found it guys it's right
there you see it J and E oh there we go
J and E right there I can't believe
that's still there that is so funny
Oh
good job
both as today was an awesome day and it
feels so good to be in front of this
Meyer glaze at dinner it was so fun to
be surrounded by friends that we have
made awesome relationships with this
group sounds good one of the nice but
it's just been really fun today I feel
really refreshed and I just wanted to
thank you guys for watching today and I
wanted to especially thank my mom for
watching all later Jackson she's like oh
I gave him a bath oh they're playing
like they're great I'm like you're the
best so my mom put the kids to bed so
that we could have a really nice day
date because we don't really get
babysitter's so it was really nice in
there so thank you thank you mom we
appreciate you so everybody say goodbye
I start by this is how my eye links down
below
guys seriously Goods down below for
salmon genican brightnesses seconds
