look at all those birds there are
seriously so many birds right now
they're coming on these little trees and
eating off whatever little berries are
left and then they're all flying in the
sky oh my gosh that's so cool I was
doing the dishes and I saw all these
birds flying outside knows that oh my
gosh what are they doing that was really
cool to see but good morning guys how
are you we had a wonderful night
I made a Brian a cake and I made his own
little cake and we had a little candle
last night and lo and behold it was a
brownie I was like this is a really
weird-looking shaped cake and I take it
out of the oven I'm like that's a
brownie it was kind of funny but we all
wanted a brownie anyway so it was kind
of funny that I made a brownie and not a
cake Oh Jackson oh you always turned
this on oh no we don't do that
all righty ladies and gentlemen we are
here we are out and about with Brian
we're at Walmart right now because we
have some very important errands to run
we have to get shotgun shells but you
want to know why because we're gonna go
shoot shotguns gonna go shoot some scare
that's what we're gonna do tonight we're
gonna yeah ma'am we're gonna shoot our
peace Olas up in here if you don't know
what that movies from you should go see
the movie you know what movie that is
tell me down below and we're back in
Walmart that was so fast we got shells
for shooting we left and we're like oh
crap I forgot four things four things
that I need to get a Walmart and one of
them is your shirt I'm buying this shirt
for Jared I said if I buy you this shirt
will you please wear it every day a
struggle it's just a it's the weirdest
thing I've ever seen so the coolest
thing I've ever seen you this oh all day
I will wear I promise like but I have
those headphones that I got from Ellie
for Christmas that will that will reduce
the sound when you're shooting I have to
get batteries for those because I want
Brian to wear them like a shooting today
because I don't want his ears to explode
yeah cuz that's what happens when you go
shooting those are good I like my ears
yeah you need them your ears look good
on you Brian also I got a pair of swim
shorts because might be something we
might do something in the cold weather
so and I and I left my Jackson are you
helping dad are you helping daddy put
the stroller together you hand me the
Phillips come on Kimmy the Phillips
Jackson I need to fear the Pope head bug
you're the best helper ever we just got
our stroller and gray pill was so good
to work with I told him I was like I'm
going on a trip and I really kind of
want my stroller because I didn't want
to have to go out and buy another
stroller because I told you guys already
that the back part right here this broke
and I really like the stroller so I just
wanted just a new one of it so they just
set one back on the lady I had expedited
the shipping so that we could get it
before our trip which I thought was
really nice because sometimes customer
service is not the funnest to talk to so
anyway Jared just got it and he is
setting it up for me and I actually did
go and buy another stroller like a
really slim stroller for when we do
travel and
and after talking to Missy for a little
bit I decided that I'm just going to
return it and keep the stroller I'll use
it abuse it and lose it as the model of
my aunt so I'm just going to use it and
this would be a good stroller before we
get a double stroller for when Baby
Cakes comes all right so we'll put this
piece right here buddy you push can only
push push can you be big push push push
push push
good job good job
can we do the other side you got to do
the other side now so let's flip it
around say hi hi Dolly's distracted ha
ha ha hi hi oh that's so cute
say hi love phase yeah you eat that
paper towel mmm that's good
say hi dah dah dah dah dah
we are so excited to go into Ulta today
we were like boys
even like they've been doing little
things all morning like emails and
brains video K now that's been really
fun and I'm like us girls want to get
out we want to go so we are gonna go to
Ulta and we are gonna browse which
probably will turn into a lot of
shopping
Jackson was actually saying hi to one of
the employees I walked in and last time
I came in here all the girls were so
cute and I was like do you mind if I
record did you guys remember that video
a while back I recorded them all
drooling over Jackson and one of the
girls was like one of my friends from
New Mexico called and asked if if she
knew me there she's like I saw you in
this girl's video so now she watches our
videos and anyway um Jax it just was so
cute and he was saying hi to her he
learned the word hi today would you say
they officially knows it hi who's saying
hi like and I went back in the back seat
I was like hi
hi like Jackson hi huh you may not be
walking but you're kind of starting to
talk we are finding some fun makeup here
I'll just give you a little taste a
little two-faced primer and a little
little foundation brush here I don't
know if I dare show you this is hot I
have it there just yet
no I I'm kidding I'm kidding we're
having fun just browsing and looking in
and drooling let me know when you're all
right I'm rolling you're wrong okay
Brian we're about to go shooting and I
want to know what's going on to your
mind have you ever shot a shotgun before
yes I yes I have a shotgun before how
long has it been since you've shot a
shotgun raah probably since I was 12 so
I'm gonna say 13 years holy cow
holy cows with 13 years are you nervous
are you excited are you pumped are you
ready to shoot some pigeons what's what
what are you thinking right now Brian
that's what I wanted I'm thinking that
I'm gonna ruin the track record with
your very nice shotgun turd I've never
lost with that gun I've never lost
Brian's gonna be using my gun and I'm
gonna go in Joel's gun it's going to
experience some definite heartbreak I
think today but what if I just like
cheat the system a little bit and I miss
every single one then I'll keep mine
again bobbled record tied already we
just finished our first round of shotgun
shells Brian what you think that was
cool it was sweet how's your show it's
so funny because when I was 12 I was
like afraid of doing this cuz I was like
blasted back but now I'm like oh that's
nothing yeah it's really not not as bad
as people say I'm especially sure doing
it right and you have to the butt right
on your shoulder you yeah but I think
you did awesome for your first time in a
long time I got like 10 out of 25 yeah
that's not that I got 20 I missed five
like that's that's not up to Jared par
come on Jared I'll do better on the next
round fun though it's kind of like a
rush they totally is yeah like an
adrenaline I should you get like it's a
routine yeah that's cool let's do this
well Oh what well that's a wrap ladies
and gentlemen Brian would you think you
have fun
Oh a blast dude you did a lot better
than I thought you would to be 100%
honest you did it really good thank you
look at this view too isn't that
beautiful okay welcome to Utah ladies
and gentlemen oh it's cool where it's
freezing cold but the mountains are
beautiful and the sunsets are pretty
spectacular I do say so myself the
sunsets are pretty great yeah so here's
a question Brian yeah do you remember
which one is your gun they're the exact
same gun
I gotta think is this one okay come on
Jackson tongfu okay come on twinners did
you get jacks
go get jacks and then let's go come on
oh no Jackson were going Ollie will
refuse to come down the stairs unless
Jackson's coming come on
my kid Jackson go get him hey Jackson
cook it and then Ollie with Jax and
yelled his name he did it he yelled it
you know Jackson's like let me show you
the ways of getting in my mom's jewelry
makeup brushes are in there they're
great down down down dumb dumb dumb dumb
dumb dumb dumb dumb down down down down
down down down owned and don't unders
intendent and it did it did it did it
said why'd you do that why'd you do it
again dad that's not very nice again dad
that's the second time you've done it to
me dad I'm just gonna take a bite out of
this football dad one thing you always
have to do when you're changing
Jackson's diaper is you have to check
see wait wait wait wait we see here
right here kay-kay okay Jackson Jackson
aye I promise I'm all done I promise I'm
all done give you you're not getting
away
do not get away wait wait wait wait
Jackson Jackson Jackson wait just wait
no no wait Jackson just wait a second
just wait a second ready I love this kid
Jackson Did you touch him guess who's
been calling your name Jackson Oh who's
they call Holly Holly she always been
good yeah he says his name but we can't
get it on film course ready
we're not laughing at you laughing with
you is so funny no it just happens you
guys hear that Jerry tickles a tiny
tickle the so hard Jackson
Jackson's lackeys already fighting oh
that was the best son we were laughing
with you not at you that'll funny Jared
that's what Joseph Oh son you take after
your mama oh I don't know if I never
laughed so hard in my life yeah kids a
cute little to ever okay okay guys I
think it's time for bed me and Missy the
boys kind of had their little fun day I
mean we had fun too a course but I think
we're gonna attempt to color Missy's
hair I'm going to do a test start first
to see how her hair takes to some
lightener
and if we like it I'm going to continue
and we're gonna highlight her hair a
little bit and maybe trim it and do
conditioning treatment so I think we're
gonna go ahead and say goodbye our
vacation is ending kind of at least in
our house today we are going on to my
parents home that way we all have beds
to sleep in and we are going to do some
activities up at that part of of Utah so
we're really excited so stay tuned and
thank you guys and thank you guys so
much for watching and thanks for all the
support and sweet comments that you give
us so do you think I can tickle you
until you fire yeah I look at it for
your fan I would pee fart an axe maybe
even poop we'll see but anyway guys
we'll see you tomorrow bye
member
