good morning good morning we have an
awesome activity for our friends today
but most importantly breakfast all of us
gather ha ha you're all going to
breakfast there are firms and we wanted
to show Brian and Misti a little taste
of what you top right this is Mike and
it is so yummy here I'm excited
bonnie is here Bonnie and Joel are here
they're a little girl we're all gonna
party we're all gonna click Sexton has
that breakfast is that good what do you
got there oh you got some Smuckers
that'll go good on your toast feast your
eyes on the delectable delights that we
aren't taking up and I have to show you
what that may be a lot amazing I have to
show you again the Parisian oh man so
anything with Nutella is just the most
amazing things blueberries blackberries
strawberries strawberries selectfrom
yeah look at this one right over here I
like this one is ginormous
the snozzberries taste like snozzberries
Olivia's taking all week wherever he
wants to go shown in the motorcycle we
go we guess well we go you don't have to
guess because I'm gonna tell you we're
going snowmobiling we're taking Joel
we've got Brian and Missy in the back
we're going snowmobiling we're gonna go
mom in the mountains okay guys are you
ready for some awesome GoPro footage
Jackson ollie Bonnie and the kids and I
were all gonna stay here at Bonnie's
house we're gonna play with some toys
and the boys and Missy are going to
ghost I'm so jealous I would have gone
but probably not the safest thing for me
to do right now ollie
you gotta play it faster than Jackson
and Olivia okay there we go
you know you're pretty sweet to share
him licorice that's really nice of you
Livia people all even play in your room
okay well look c'mere Cody can you show
him the fire track oh how do you know
what to do let's lower this for ya good
seriously all I came downstairs and the
kids Holly come play in my room all I
came here we are gonna have so much fun
playing huh all he's already distracted
you're doing great he had all his
friends cousins to flavor earlier I was
like aw leave Uncle Jared take you
downstairs
well claim you as our own I spy a baby
Jackson is in the little toy closet
literally in it he's like I'm gonna stay
in there and I'm just gonna play with
all these toys rather than pull them out
you havin fun
yes just glide
in there where's oli all he's over here
just playing with a ball in the car he's
been pushing this around
we've been relaxing Jackson Jackson you
are taking advantage of Kody it's a good
thing you have a nice cousin to not be
upset with you
Thank You Cody for not being me
oh and then there's Jackson I'll be sad
Kody is such a good well actually all
the cousins are so good to it like
Jackson climb on him and sob don't take
much salmon to focus I inside decisive
we've all just been happy play and I
hope everybody is being safe on the
snowmobiles
guess what ollie is downstairs taking a
nap
holla I was shocked that he like laid
down cuz he's so used to as you know the
dark room and stuff but he was able to
lay down and he like didn't even why he
screamed nothing it's all aimed point
two seconds he was like he's seriously
like went down Jackson's trying to sleep
up here in the crib and we are watching
Olivia we're watching Olivia and all the
kids are laughing olivia is going down
the snow and snow it's just fun we're
just sitting here you know I am quiet
watching the kids and the babies are
asleep oh my gosh we're home and I
finally get to hold my little boy we had
so much fun it was honestly like the
best ever did you have fun Ellie oh yeah
we are starving I'm so happy to see you
when I walked in he crawled right up to
the door and he was smiling and I was
just he was wait good job babysitting
Ellie oh we were up there he's it's fine
it was so much fun I hope you guys
enjoyed it too because it was so much oh
you seem happy Jax is just like where's
the food where's breadsticks I'm hungry
Center here accelerator you guys are so
I was like you're such a good boy scout
Joe who the only one that had snacks and
shovel and he brought a shovel and
thinking of it as Joel's no ago got
stuck I guess look and it was like more
than they'll can handles they have a
shoulder they dug out good jockey in the
Boy Scout gotcha I gotcha your throne I
always just take the drop and forget
till morning
I always just fold that in half and that
landed on the right side for a boy even
though we already know that we're having
a boy but I always do it anyway yeah you
tie a knot outside with non-determined
you're the gender do you guys spit your
straw wrapper do you hold it up into
Corelli straw and then put some water so
those may see life Lucy loves the
grilling always thank you guys do I just
bend it in half just like I just wanna
bring whoa it's your other head
down this is lightning round put your
hand on your nose Simon Says put your
left hand on the table
Simon Says stick your tongue down Senate
uncle Cyrus is close one eye Simon Says
grab your drink with both hands put your
hand on your head
oh oh that's some speedy talk in there I
should do some like option
good job please no more crying buddy
come on this is like the fifth time get
close to him get close to his Cody's
Cody Cody guess what Cody's open
industry you know like the running yeah
it just takes it all with it right Cody
it gets it right Olivia this is the
first time I actually like live hey what
a happy face he's so excited
what a wonderful day we had so much fun
snowmobiling today I was like one of the
most amazing experiences of my life
thank you for setting that up oh you're
so welcome
it was my first time snowmobiling here
and it was so much fun me and Bonnie had
fun we watch the kids we played yeah
yeah you're like we honestly we couldn't
have done it without you
Tyler it was so fun seeing all I'd say
the kids like it was really fun my back
hurts though like and it's not because
it'd be like it's not because I was
watching more kids than normal or
anything but those baby guys babycakes
to kill my bad yeah I was gonna say
you're probably cuz you're pregnant and
you're growing and your belly's big
cough let's show them your belly can you
show me your bellies not something you
can do right now come on do your robe
undo that boom
look at your belly oh man how big is the
baby right now cantaloupe you said yeah
I cantaloupe she has a cantaloupe in her
belly I can't even cantaloupe how big
guys I want to tell you secret baby
right now
YouTube time us living in the moment
right now Brian landings hit single this
is home just came out I'm dead serious
and it is so good I'm gonna have a link
below because I really want you guys to
listen to it because I'm about to have a
heartfelt moment here Brian okay
it's it is its home when you think of
the word home it's true it's family it's
heartwarming
it's true it's real and my buddy Brian
did it okay I want you guys to go check
it out because it's a very good song
especially with all of the stuff that's
going on in the world today you need a
good feeling song a feel-good song this
is your field yeah go check them out
check it out it is free okay guys our
buddies
Brian and Missy are here with us all
week long we're celebrating Brian's
birthday tomorrow it's gonna be awesome
2504 them not YouTube time it's his
birthday today leave a comment go to
Twitter
do something and tell Brian happy
birthday okay it's his birthday we want
him to make him feel good okay bro to
five I'm getting old to fun I'm Brian
and I'm 20 flavors a little M soul yeah
yeah what are you like 30 31 my hair is
not how old I am
we're not going by how gray my hair is
okay thanks for watching guys have a
wonderful day and we'll see you tomorrow
