guys it's Sunday morning and we are just
making some breakfast I just heard
a knock at the door oh my gosh just
making breakfast oh my god hi how are
you guys
oh my gosh manager your accounts you're
not in California anymore Brian hahaha
he always will come when you drink his
milk already oh my dear boy Jackson's a
lay all day
you've got your friend looking at
smiling you titties like I'm in for hugs
I'm ready for hugs and baby kegs like
that Wow dude I love your shirt nice
thank you
if you guys know our shirt that's from
let me know
what in the world what a pleasant
surprise
we were just here making breakfast
casually nice without miss we're just in
the areas we thought I'd just come bail
just drove by you're like me I hear
having breakfast that's so cool oh
that's cute
this is probably the most adorable thing
I've ever seen Oh
hi guys what you watching frozen hears
like that that's so fun and cute always
like Jackson you're cuddling on myspace
get out of my space are you guys having
fun
Oh headbutt you boys having fun I just
want to just watch um I just want to
film them these boys are such good
friends like I just love I just love
that Jackson has a little bunny hey kid
are you guys ah
he's like you can't kiss him thank you
should have good now they have been
head-butting all like all day I don't
even think he's even fully under do stir
fry Mike hi guys you've just been
pointing our camera filming it's
official Brian and Missy and all you're
here on vacation and we are just having
a lazy relaxing day they drove through
the night they're tired they're hungry
we're gonna get a bite to eat and these
boys have been playing head buddy hey
there's a little head that love they've
been head-butting they've been playing
yeah there's your head but but they love
each other they've been playing and
smiling kissing head-butting it's so fun
ladies and gentlemen it's the real deal
it's a true story you are not dreaming
Brian sissy and Oliver here today look
are here to visit us can you believe
that they're here and the mountains of
Utah to experience the true blue cold
through and through
are you guys excited yes I felt it's
very refreshing outside it is pretty
nice a great change from Cali
because it's it's beautiful and warm and
sunshine and Happiness all the time
they're so nice change come to this cold
dreary weather yeah it's good to be
depressing every once in a while I think
you know there's opposition in all
things it's nice to have some contrast
everyone smile but Ellie just cut all
his hair what do you guys think it's
pretty good
he was a good boy he was honestly still
he was a lot Stiller than Jackson he got
Jackson Sarah but I tell you these kids
have just been playing like they are
just going back and forth having the
best time
honestly when when all he came in
Jackson like remembered it that's why I
felt like like when our to smile grabbed
and they like hugged and kissed and they
were often play yeah and that's what
they've been doing ever since like what
time you guys get here 9000 9:30 and
what time is it now uh six six
they've been playing from nine to six
non-stop there's been no naps no eating
non-stop play also Oliver might have hit
him in the head with disability he but
he did it out of love it was a love hit
he grabbed it by the neck and swung it
down on Jackson's head very softly he's
like yeah look at this you have the
guitar and it's like a magnet for kids
kids love guitar strumming
yes various Luca laelia hi Scott sit on
the going ah what is going on thumbnail
action what in the world
hi he's climbing yeah the kiss truck so
you get done mmm gotta be like a monthly
yeah so funny
we actually oh that's cute
new daddy okay we actually have the
guitar out because we are playing
Brian's new hit single this is home
are you so pumped for this Tuesday I am
so excited it's my it's like a birthday
present to myself and it's everyone
else's birthday presents to me by
supporting it well amazing it is cool it
sounds really good it's it's amazing you
guys are gonna love it and well we'll
have yeah everyone's seen the music
video which will be out later on this
week but yeah it's it's really cool I
I'm really proud of Brian and all the
work that he's done within although I'm
serious I know what it's like to go
through a song like that
yeah I've never done as in-depth as you
so I know the hard work laughing you're
next right well so it's something you
would've known no seriously you guys
when it comes out on Tuesday you need to
check it out because it's beautiful it's
touching it's heartwarming it's
everything you want in a song about
family I think it's perfect I think it's
great and we're working on a little
acoustic version is that other thing
that sounds cool yeah I'm thinking about
just putting out oh he's swinging it
he's swinging the bat why you are you
getting a little defensive that
Jackson's hanging out with your dad Oh
you should be a rock star here where
those rocks are he's good yeah after he
after he does this huge guitar solo he's
gonna buying it down on the ground
your Jackson kisses ollie Wow yeah I
want some more or kisses that is the
cutest thing ever
guys we have a full week planned ahead
we've got a lot of fun activities for
them and for us and it's just gonna be
really fun so make sure to stay tuned
for this week because we're gonna we're
gonna just we're gonna party hard and be
like the greatest birthday week that
I've ever had yeah so excited to be here
with you guys I said in Brian's video I
hope you have your socks on because
we're gonna knock them off this week
it's gonna be so much fun guys some of
you may not know this is Brian and Missy
though I'm gonna have a link down to
their channel they're called the daily
bumps they do daily but videos just like
us every single day and they're a lot of
fun they're just like us a cool they're
awesome family like us and that's why
our red I think we're gonna have it
we're a little crazy today we're a
little nutty and excited how the week is
going to go thanks for watching guys I
hope you have a wonderful day make it a
great start to your week and we'll see
you my guitar so we can really party I'm
gonna I'm gonna old the camera like this
so you can see what's going on bye thank
you guys so much you're watching we'll
see you tomorrow have a wonderful day
I you say bye ollie hey say bye-bye
