this little guy slept just in time for
me to finish a makeup video which means
mommy is so proud oh oh no did you open
Esther your crib and you took all of
that out I you're just you're just like
you're into everything I had no idea you
could even reach that thank goodness
it's just binky's and a little clips in
there oh my gosh that's funny
son that is crazy you're learning all
sorts of new things aren't you yes oh
now you want to blog sorta blog you know
you gotta teach us some how the other
day at 4:00 in the morning Jackson woke
up crying Melissa head of George yeah
and he kept crying and pointing to
George crying and pointing to George and
we came over here and he hit him on the
head a few times then went back to bed
was funny when I was putting Jackson
down for his nap today he was like I was
about to put him down and he just
reached he reached his army just like
him and then he came over and he goes
and then he goes to bed yeah and then
you went right to sleep
open that drawer well he was noting this
one and all the stuffs out look at it
it's all over the floor we even scooted
it back I know I know I had no idea you
could still reach it that's so funny
second thing there's like nothing that's
what I said we always have little baby
things in here it's Saturday morning and
it's a great day Ellie and I have a very
very busy schedule a very busy agenda to
hold on to we have to shoot six videos
today can you believe that I am so
excited I'm so giddy that we are so busy
and it's so fun and I love it and I tell
you what I love my boss and my coworker
my boss is my favorite person in the
world
there's my coworkers
anybody trying to find the stairs back
it up back it up back it up back it up
my daddy taught me good back it up back
it up back it up he's looking for it I
thought I would show you a little behind
the scenes like Jared said we had a few
videos that we're gonna do today and I
just usually I do my videos when Jackson
naps or at night when he's asleep so
that I don't have to do anything with
Jackson's away cuz I like to just be
home and be a mom so but today is a
little busier I wanted to get all my
videos done for the week because we had
a lot of fun activities that we want to
do this week I just thought I'm just
going to do it that way just in case I
would hate to not have time and not get
a video up so this is what our room
looks like I have my camera up that's up
I have my little Clif Bar that I've been
eating I'm actually gonna talk about
that in my little pregnancy update and
you guys want to see babycakes I'm like
in a million directions you guys want to
see what he looks like today I felt him
moving all last night I felt you little
guy I felt you moving all night long
seriously it was so fun oh my gosh I
cannot believe this is happening 21
weeks guys 21 weeks
what move is that Jack so I don't want
to move move Jackson is trying to fall
asleep in the next room and all I hear
he is discovering his voice he is
screaming and growling yodeling I don't
know what he's doing but it is hilarious
hey how come my neighbor can have a dog
and we can't hey don't you know that's a
dog that I got for you it's just at our
neighbor's house huh can you guys see
the neighbor's pug in the little front
yard just kind of walking around on the
little snow guys seriously I was sitting
here and I was like just let me know let
me tell you you're welcome
yeah I am down on one knee on the couch
okay I promise you mm-hmm that one day
we will have a dog we will have a black
lab and it will be the best most amazing
dog in the entire world
thank you I know I do too and I were
gonna be best friend the other day Jo
Ann walks together we're gonna go on
long walks on the beach together and
we're gonna stay up late and we're
drinking one dr. pepper a week and the
other day and Jared he was out shopping
he was joined oh I think I was in your
scheme I texted him something he's like
well is there anything I can do for you
and just to be funny I was like you can
buy me a house and I was like oh wait a
dog will work that work fighting a dog
no I don't need that I said you did like
it was just kind of funny but and what
did I say you said how about both Oh No
maybe in the future that would be fun I
hope you haven't even thought about it
we're just we're just living when I'm
living life I go get you oh you say
you're safe you're on the safe zone oh I
won't no blanket to which means I had to
do anything I mean the safe zone you
want to go to the safe zone
there you go thank you do whatever you
want all right god I'm gonna get you oh
oh no my phone the device are you gonna
help me vacuum
nope you shall go downstairs see you
later
see you later alligator
bye take your stickers with you I've
done it's complete it's finished finito
now you can play well I'll tell you what
is so excited to see you look we've got
an extra four inches because of the
Attic right I'll tell you what I was
doing
Oh my neck look like oh my neck he's
like let me down I want to go down the
stairs again he's so cute I had to stop
vacuuming and play so what I just did
Ellie and I have had it with doing soft
resets all right
we love our phones honestly I am like
one of the biggest phone nuts you'll
ever meet
I love my phone I love my old work phone
but we've just had to do so many soft
resets the past month four months or
something like and so I just had it I
did a complete restore on both of our
phones reloaded the software on it and
hopefully now they lack there the way
there's no it's gonna help me might with
my problem with the comments in my in my
help I've been telling Jared I was like
I love her you in the comments but I
hate it at the same time because when I
have a chance throughout the day I'll
look at comments and I'll try and
respond to a few and every time I
respond to one comment
it forced closes so I reopen it refine
the last comment respond force closes it
does that for about ten common
and then I'm done I'm like I'm done I'm
done so I only write comments back
spurts at a time sometimes cuz I'm like
I'm so over this so hopefully that will
help yeah so one of he's like that I
just want to speak I don't want you to
hold a well let me close this that's why
he's crying he's like I want to go in
that room and play it just makes me like
I'm such a funky I love the iPhone
because most of the time it has really
great stability but I really really miss
my lg g3 that I have her work because
Android is so cool cuz you can customize
it like any which way you want so
there's like you know pros and cons each
one so in the comments below tell me
what you guys think are you i phone or
are you Android and if you're Android
what Android are you that's my question
of the day
we're totally iPhone but Jared the Jared
I'm the Jared sold me like this just
that's just what I had I'm um you know
after what I did for work like I'm I'm
loosey-goosey
look at Jackson he starts from my
bedroom curls backward
all the way until he gets to the stairs
often like often like he'll do it again
no no I saw my phone no yep see he'll
turn around here so Gil I should stop
recording but I want to keep doing it
cuz it's so cute
he's like oh wait the stairs are right
there now I'll turn around
attaboy
little things like that make me so proud
I know because it's like he's learning
you're yours he's developing and growing
he's getting smarter and smarter
yeah yeah that was so cute he always
does that Charlie doesn't want to do
oh say mama
doctor the little gremlin went away
doctor
I think for us to end the vlog tonight
we should try and have Jackson stand
okay because he was doing it really good
earlier he was doing fine ten seconds
stand up that was good okay whoa he did
it really good that first time stand up
he did it really good that first time
he's like over us doing it now okay you
can't escape my room good girl he's like
I can go faster doing this little does
he know I'm grateful today I was wiping
up and he like climbing on everything
he's learning really fast so Jackson
come say goodnight say thanks for
everybody for being so sweet to us can
you give him kisses give him a kiss
that's a bonus kiss for you guys that's
a bonus okay say good night thanks for
watching guys thanks so much for
watching today we will see you guys
tomorrow
I think this week we have a lot of fun
fills we have a lot of fun activities
going yes yeah so I think you guys will
love it as well so stay tuned and we'll
see you tomorrow hmm
