we are at mom and dad's good morning
good morning you guys be safe mom just
told me that she retired her 40 year old
what are these boxing gloves
they're cute these are my mom's mittens
that she had called me Mom
she had these all growing up poor guys
they were warm and people all the time
ask me Oh where did you get those
clothes I'm like these pots are 40 we've
had him since she got me junior high and
now she's using her brand new ones that
we got her for Christmas so I think
you've probably got your depends worth
of those do you think yeah yeah yeah so
you guys go have fun
Jackson and I are gonna stay and maybe
he'll be my shopping buddy today
shopping you're going skiing
did you find a piano Jackson did you
find the piano oh and your piggy yes you
haven't said hi can you get piggy a kiss
oh good sweet is piggy head but due to
his hard ears
there you go
I'm in the middle doing my makeup when I
brought down one knot and I hear and go
he's in here in the hall I'm in the
bathroom he's pretending to crawl or
trying to crawl down the hall thinking
he's going down the stairs nope now you
made it it took a few tries just like
home this is so funny see you later bye
like I'll get you I'm go get your
luggage you okay really I got a good man
I'm gonna get you to your boss you got
stairs look Oh pop there you go look
great your BA
oh poor it'll come to you well I hope
the boys are safe I guess not boys the
girls are there too but I hope everybody
is skiing safe I hope they're having fun
it's pretty cold outside I hope they're
getting a bite to eat
Jackson I just got a little peanut
butter sandwich she got a little jelly
sandwich and he is gonna be my little
errand buddy today um if you guys
couldn't believe our town does not have
a target our town does not have a baby's
our s our town doesn't have very much so
I'm gonna run into town just to see if
just to browse just for us to get out of
the house and I'm gonna take that fun
way from you know
you drill another makeup I'm drilling
over makeup yeah are you bored okay
let's go you look forward see this keep
balancing I'm like trying to go slow
across the parking lot I have to go to
babies r us because unfortunately my car
seat hit bro so they hit that means
every find and I got anyone and then I
my stroller the back part of it that
where you push the baby up to sit up
that broke too and so I send the
stroller back on they're sending me back
a new one and so I'm here just browsing
just to see if they have if I had to do
it again I still would buy the same set
because I loved it I think it was just
kind of like a freak thing that it
happened but anyway we're just gonna go
growl and I'm have another baby so we
might as well go browse and look at all
the new baby stuff and just hang out
with son and I set my son and mommy so
much more smooth in here son you don't
even want to look at me you just want
like everything else you like that light
maybe you do well we're back from skiing
and my still have my head and my neck my
shoulders my arms and my legs are still
attached we made it back safe and we had
so much fun but I think I hear something
oh I think I hear something
which door Jackson oh there you are oh
hi buddy
hey Jackson how are you buddy did you
miss me Oh
you were stink
you've got stinky bum yes you do you
guys think above I'm gonna call you
stinky bum cuz you've got a stinky bum
well Jackson did you have fun with mom
did you have a good day today
yes that's such a good boy did you
listen to mom
were you obedient did you put your head
down on the soft blanket can you give
the pic a kiss give the pig a kiss oh
did we tell you guys that Jackson is
giving head butts instead of kisses now
when we were at church last Sunday we
have a family book and Jackson saw his
picture of his cousin and we said give
Maggie a kiss and he goes wham wham like
oh that's very nice of you to give
Maggie a kiss like that so he has been
giving kisses with his forehead and I
think that's okay I think he's still
learning are you still learning oh I'm
gonna get you I'm gonna get you yeah
it's grandpa go say hi to Grandpa
Jackson go say hi to Grandpa go give him
a hug there you go he's not gonna push
you over I promise you're not walking
yet gordium give grandpa a kiss give
goodbye kids
that's kind of like a hesitation right
there you're cutting a tooth yeah we
survived skiing today what were your
favorite parts that what were your
favorite parts son I can't talk today
what were your favorite parts about
skiing today guys
lunch what pleasure what lunch was
really good yeah lunch is usually my
favorite part but today we had kids yeah
please
skiing with the granddaughter yeah Kate
I'm not sure if we got any footage of it
but Kate we were going down the bunny
hill Kate is two years old two and a
half two years something like that
she is skiing down the bunny hill and
she is going from we're like leap
frogging so her dad Bo will have her and
have her go between his legs and then
she'll go to Grandpa go between
grandpa's legs come to me go to between
my legs and buy time that happens Bo's
come around and got behind me but we're
pushing Kate and she's going right
through our legs to the next person and
it was the most hilarious thing ever
people were stopping and watching it was
the best thing ever
mom said next year she's like Jax won't
be walking next year that might be fun I
was like it would be fun to take Jackson
skiing I think he'd love it I honestly
think with his attitude and his like
personality he would love it damn girl
you look good you look so good thank you
you actually doing really good good I
just fresh know you're about to shoot a
video 8 o'clock at night yeah I'm gonna
do a little video and we talk do you
have a heck yeah you know cuz that from
me it's Jackson oh no I didn't do that
she pinches and each that's one thing
Jackson does if you're holding in he'll
grab your neck and I'll just like you're
about to film a video I'm about to look
at my hair in the mirror a little bit
more because my hair is like out of
control right now but we are gonna end
the vlog today guys we Tang was a fun
day huh yeah it was a really good day I
had fun relaxing with Jackson it was fun
just being us - I do not see scheme was
very successful I didn't fall once and I
had my helmet on and it was good I'm
anxious to see how the footage looks I
haven't looked at it at all yeah you
weren't too impressed I well it's
because the helmet the camera always
ended up in the back and the weights
were always in the front I was like so I
might have to do some tweaking with it
but
I'm probably gonna take it out again
sometime soon we'll have to see just to
test it out a little bit more but I
think because you can actually see
babycakes pretty good will end with a
belly shot tonight I think that's
actually good you can actually like he's
just sitting out there poking out
sometimes I forget that we're having a
boy Haemon I'm not excited well
sometimes I forget I'm pregnant but the
past few days my belly has actually
gotten in the way like I told Jared the
other night I was like if I don't sit
and rest like like it just like I just
have to sit and rest like my stomach my
muscles I guys like let me just like sit
for a minute it felt so good I'm like
this bike I'm it's going by our 2020
you're half wet they were halfway it's
kind of it's definitely setting in I'm
definitely feeling it okay hey well you
film your video and then you rest okay
yeah after your videos done you have per
my permission to rest the remainder of
the evening well thank you very much
thanks for watching guys I will see you
tomorrow bye
