good morning guys today is makeover day
good morning everybody today oh it feels
so good by noon to have everybody's hair
done everybody's teeth brush the house
is kind of getting picked up but Jackson
is going to town on his lunch I just cut
up a bunch of great I didn't know what
the word was I cut up a bunch of grapes
a little bit of cheese and he has some
carrots and I just been putting a few on
his tray at a time and he has been going
to town he loves it and it's a good
thing he has a fairly good lunch because
I was looking at my cupboards and I was
like I think it's time to go grocery
shopping again I guess mac and cheese
for lunch so we're making macaroni
Jackson's getting fed and we are going
to have a very good day today uh-oh what
happened Jack's Jack say where's your
food where is it it's all over the floor
that's Mama's fault
oopsie but it a little too close huh
good thing it's nothing but I washed off
the way and wipe up and we'll clean up
but we'll get you some more grapes Oh
what now you're throwing food everywhere
now it's not funny whoa whoa I feel like
I can actually vlog now my hair looks
good my eyebrows look good everything is
good everything is awesome I'm sure a
lot of you guys can tell like my unibrow
gets you sorry it's really bad but
Ellie's so good at my hair and my
eyebrows and everything but I'll tell
you one thing though I am super excited
I just put a fresh coat of paint on my
helmet GoPro system thing that I have
and we're going skiing tomorrow and I'm
really excited to try it out and see
what kind of footage we can get good
morning mr. sunshine hey buddy hey mr.
smiley hi how are you did you have a
good nap did you have a short nap that's
what it is you had a good short nap huh
anything that's funny don't Jeff you
think that's so funny
well guys Jackson just woke up from his
and he's got pretty pretty good fever
going on here so he's just love and
cuddling mom right here in eating all
the crackers yeah you have Jackson when
you're sick like this you have as many
crackers as you darn well please okay
buddy
oh so guy this is probably my favorite
in the world I rocked him last night and
sometimes he left three arguments
sometimes he doesn't want to be rock but
he let me rock him and I was just
thinking I was like I remember right
when I brought you home like I've
wrapped you so many times in this
rocking chair and like now he was huge
he know he's big do you remember when
you would hold him across your belly and
he couldn't make it all the way across
when I would nurse him I you think abou
mm-hmm dig in the kaboom hated me and I
would nurse him I remember I was like
his feet doesn't even touch the other
side of the chair and now it's being
totally like oh man like when I hold him
horizontally like I have to like use
both hands because I'm just like oh my
gosh he's gonna spill all over the place
oh good love cuddle time look he was
like playing a game and he's not feeling
good nice just goes to show like how
happy this boy is oh I love you Jackson
and I decided that since we're just
gonna sit here and cuddle for a minute
we might as well catch up on some of our
favorite friends and we if you guys did
not know we are going to play this live
in Florida in like less than a month and
we're rooming with Masek Gaines is she
gonna be a roommate she could be a
roommate I bet you're gonna kiss her
there you go kiss her
okay you go kiss here I bet Colin and
Katie are gonna kiss you
we're so excited to room with them and
it's really fun just watching their
vlogs knowing that just here in a little
bit we're gonna be able to be hang out
and like play and eat food together and
and do jokes together it'll be so fun he
has his binky in his mouth and he's just
holding his cracker he's happy if he
gets a little cracker in his hand are
you guys gonna watch
you know yeah I'm gonna see how long
he'll actually sit watch movie we just
put on turbo we'll see if he actually
sits but I just want to snuggle like
this is well this is prime snuggling
time he's not feeling very well he
didn't take a very long nap like this is
what you need I think he's ready to
snuggle it just this is the best thing
about to me being a mom is just like
cuddling him and loving in giving him
what he needs I just love it and I just
love cuddle time wasn't Ellie and
Jackson on the couch cuddling the most
precious thing you've ever seen in your
life I just love those two and I feel
bad that Jackson's sick but he's still
such a trooper like it's amazing but I
am here at Lowe's trying to get some
things ready we just got a picture for
the longest time Ellie and I have wanted
a picture of where we got married and we
finally found one and we finally got it
at like a decent price or reasonable
price and we're going to hang it up now
and I just got these drywall nails that
I'm going to hang it up with but I'm
actually looking around at Lowe's
because this is like one of the coolest
stores ever like looking at all the
different things that I want to do when
we build a house like I think it's going
to be so cool I'll tell you one thing
where we're going to spend most of our
time and money the bathroom we are gonna
have a bathroom that is off the hook
talk about huge shower multiple
showerheads saunas you know everything
it's gonna be great uh-huh maybe
something like this toilet right here
eliminates bathroom odors but it's kind
of had a heated seat and it's got to
have a TV in front of it that's a
requirement huh Hey hmm can you lay your
head Jax can you lay your head yeah hey
is this so soft Jackson we're gonna skip
back is it so say you're
that's so soft is that so sir I think
snuggle time with mom pays off no better
didn't ya Jackson Jackson kudos duggle
oh no ties yay oh he's grabbing it
that's so cool he loves these actually
Bryan and Missy gave us this blanket
they sent it to us as a little
housewarming gift oh so cuted them kick
cuddles Oh Jackson hi everyone look at
my brother he's naked
he's facetiming not a kid oh yeah he
says he's not naked he just has a shirt
on oh Jesus I think Jerry got haircut
today I'm Matt neither the haircut -
yeah he's getting offended Jax Jax -
Rudy - I snuggle ha go snuggle oh you
you are what makes me so happy he does
all this baby this kid like no one like
my dad was telling us a while ago we're
talking about the love that parents have
for their kids my dad's like not like I
love my kids more than anyone and it's
like I agree it's like I love Jackson
what any like I am the mother like it is
so wonderful to know that it's like I am
his mom like I could take care of him he
is mine it's too easy that's wonderful
deny his parents like I think it's a
team effort I think I help oh well I'm
not saying I would say me
moment but us as parents yeah I mean
like absolutely we love him more than
anything right it just we just love him
we love love love you we love you
snuggle your blanket good job he's
learning to listen obedience is key he
actually is he's always been really good
done you're you're smart mariner okay
one more time snuggle snuggle
oh my job I think I've done it I hung up
that picture and it wasn't terribly bad
it was only a little bit bad I I had
like one of those gorilla hooks that I
put in there and that did not work at
all and part of the reason it didn't
work is because the the prongs on where
you put like the nail and everything was
not balanced properly you could not put
it on and it would not be straight so it
was crooked any way you put it so I had
to take the prongs off the picture put
it back on in a different place and I
finally got it and it's finally straight
and I'm so excited over the piano might
be off a little bit I might have to move
the pan a little bit but that is where
we got married guys that is the Ogden
Utah temple what it used to look like
Jackson come put your head on come
cuddle the blanket okay here come on
he's like mom don't you know I did that
15 times already put your head on it Oh
Sosa cool well that's it for today guys
we've got to put him down to bed but we
had a much better day some people were
asking us what was going on yesterday we
just you know sometimes you get stressed
out with the things that you're doing
life projects things don't go the way
that you want it to but the important
thing is what I mean I guess I should
worry about like comments but I never
want to complain and have people be like
yeah such a good fine because we don't
have a good life but it is just regular
adult like we were overwhelmed with just
like little things like eyes get in the
budget ready you were planning
if you are planning like videos and it
just always overwhelm so again the
saying goes don't let your trials define
you let the trials you overcome define
you okay so that's my message that I
leave with you today have a wonderful
evening
Jackson cuddle that summer I will see
you guys tomorrow bye
