good morning guys today today Jackson
let's let's let's have a sit-down chat
today is a really big day for a
one-year-old and for mom we're having to
doctor appointments back to back we're
gonna see little babycakes we are gonna
get Jackson all checked up for his
one-year checkup and that has a lot for
a one-year-old
you know missing his first snap to
doctor appointments back to back you
could be tired but we'll both come on
and we'll both take a nap
le I left real quick what I want you to
do I want you to hit that green button
right there I know it is it a light the
light all this time I've been wondering
that's a light oh that's so like when
you like open your mouth like I'm the
hood of your car you open up the hood
but why isn't the doctor's office
open up your mouth dental check today
open your mouth say ah who's lighting on
my face doesn't better know what
speaking I am lighting on my face
one unibrow is so bad I'm gonna take
care of it like nobody's business
I think maybe this week we need to do a
haircut sesh and a waxing sesh for
everybody that's we all need two
haircuts we all need our eyebrows
Jackson he's starting to grow his
unibrow to say that great
well we're on to appointment number two
it and I'm just sitting here on this
tiny mini couch and we're waiting here
with Jackson he's playing he's gonna go
sit up at the table to eat some food mom
you got some food for him yeah actually
in this tiny little kitchen area in this
treehouse
ouch this couch is amazing it's actually
really comfortable you know what I could
probably like like take a really good
nap honest Ellie you know my feet
hangover you know quite a bit yeah I
think this is quite like dad and mom
he's smiley linky
good job
Gordon pick him up he is 30 inches tall
look at you Jackson the year line is
kind of upside like that good job
perfect those are cute feet he was such
a good boy
they took like a hundred things down he
was just smiling and now you get a
cracker and you get it sit all here like
fun light it's like I'll do whatever it
takes to get cracking I'll do whatever
it takes I'll do whatever I think he's
definitely slowing down he's not
becoming like giant yeah yeah I think
he's like leveling at math 22 pounds
and what was he thirty inches tall yeah
good little boy like my healthy little
boy oh I am gonna ask the doctor about
his lip
I took Jackson to the lactation
specialist and his old pediatrician when
I had a hard time breastfeeding and no
one said anything about a lip type a lot
of you guys have said that you have seen
and your kids have had it as well I'm
gonna ask my doctor if he thinks that
maybe that was why he had a hard time
breastfeeding and I thought was the case
when I have my next baby I'll have them
check that first thing but kind of
interesting I'll see what the doctor
says you got cool
he's like what is that well the doctor
didn't seem too worried about Jackson
especially his mouth he said that
normally it's the bottom tongue as the
tongue can't stretch out long enough to
breastfeed he said that usually the
upper lip doesn't have an issue with the
whole breastfeeding thing so we'll see
we'll see if this next baby has any
issues and I can always get another
opinion if the next baby we have any
issues but yeah we're good to go Jackson
let's go take a nap you did really good
you're really happy you got a bottle
let's go after Jackson's appointment it
is time to lay him down for a nap so I'm
gonna see what mom and Jackson are doing
right now that's
where are you going Jackson you're just
acting like you know exactly where you
are you're actually like you know
exactly where you are
oh he's not in the mood to give a kiss
he's wanting to play toys he's your
favorite Jackson Boston did you come
play with him hey we are at Baia bonnie
bonnie bonnie and Joel's house joel is
using a new smoker I'm sure she'll show
you but see invited us over for dinner
and Jackson knew exactly where he is he
crawled in
went straight for the room to play with
the toys so you two boys play and we're
gonna get some food ready you have got
to see this I am salivating let the
salivation begin holy trigger
holy smokes holy ribs holy smell good
Joel it's not a bad first try you've
outdone yourself here that smells so
good so Joel just got a Traeger if you
remember at Thanksgiving my dad cooked a
turkey on the shaker for Thanksgiving
but Joel just got his little trigger
here and he's been smoking these ribs
for how long Joel five hours and we're
gonna have them for dinner and I am so
excited this is such a cool little toy
that you just got mm-hmm
wait a second here Boston did you kick
your mom out of her seat yes you kicked
your mom out of her seat and you got
your own chair you out of your seat and
then your own body so you could sit next
to me am I in your seat Bonnie shall we
I don't I don't shake - guys these ribs
are to die for
Joel you did so good look at that he's
noctem on his new try gasps oh yeah
round two going for round two of the
ribs these ribs right here to see all
that redness on it oh it's right from
the smoker so good oh that's right
we know you got pull to tell them how
are we gonna get well guys I think
that'll do er I think that's a night
Jackson you having fun in the tub you
little guy yeah in front of the bathtub
play with your monsters oh you're
playing with your giraffe huh you having
fun yeah guys thank you so much for
tuning in today we had a wonderful day
actually what I was gonna say we so we
ended the day really well it was
stressful today we had a very stressful
day yeah some days you just you don't
know why you have the stress that you
feel but the important thing is that you
end on a good note and Ellie and I did
what it took to end on a good note we
talked to each other we weren't really
stressed with each other we weren't mad
at each other it was just the day was
stressful so we we had a hard day today
we're not gonna lie but it's it we're
really happy now we're ending on a good
note and we've got such a huge blessing
two huge blessings who wouldn't end on
it
with a little monster two huge blessings
one right here huh and then one right
here it was fun hearing the heartbeat
and Jackson's cute the nurses so we have
so much to be grateful for and we are so
blessed thank you guys so much for
watching have a wonderful day and we'll
see you
