you think somebody found a new favorite
spot oh good morning Jackson in the
mornings I roll the window up and he
looks outside and he loves it god I love
you papa country a Papa and good look I
got me up up up away I get the pop up on
good morning
your was there come on oh you're going
down again
bye see you later
yeah leave it don't go down again wrong
way hahaha mm stairs oh this right no
this is there we go there you go attaboy
good job good Johnson Oh Mia Jackson we
have been playing on the stairs all
morning and can I just tell you it is
one of the best feelings to be
comfortable Jackson around the stairs
like if I have to run downstairs and
grab something I can trust Jackson
upstairs and to find downstairs
I can try hey be nice to them and I just
I could just show it trust Jackson he
knows how to turn around and I love it I
love it they don't have to worry about
any babies falling and he has fun on
them and there you go you know what's
there turn around a little more turn
around a little bit more turn your body
perfect there you go sometimes it takes
a couple different tries but he usually
gets at the end bye see ya hey real guy
hey you little guy you looking so fine
that count do you look Oh got it tied up
this is our baby proofer man yay you
look so cute Jackson if you do do you
guys ever feel like some days all you do
is sit home that's all you do is you
stay home I love those days I'm a
homebody I love being home but then
don't you feel like there are some days
where it's like I just run all my
errands and then the next day you're
like I have ten more errands to run so
today you are my partner in crime and if
you're good I'll give you a treat I'll
give you a treat anyway because you're
so cute first stop on the list is Ulta
that may not seem like a chore that I
need to go do but I do me and my friend
Jenny are doing a pamper swap box for
our channel so we have a budget of $25
if you're going to get each other some
pampering stuff for us mom you see yeah
I want gold one would it be
you got all these pretty girls stared at
you seriously is like Sophia oh I love
it hey show me a teeth yeah boo Jackson
it's time for a nap can you lay your
head down can you lay your head down we
want your binky okay there's your binky
can you lay your head down there you go
good job I love you you're such a good
boy lay it down lay it down
everybody loved you at the store and you
were so well-behaved we came home and
gave you a treat lay your head down time
for bed bow your head down
okay I'm gonna put you in your bed and I
want you to take a good nap okay okay
you can take your nap with spider-man
Jackson is asleep so we need to do some
errands and we need to do some cleaning
and the only time we have is now while
he's napping Ellie we got to do some
stuff okay okay um when you don't have a
ladder this is what you got to do okay
so I'm just gonna set the camera it's
lopsided a better work okay all right we
got to put we gotta put some things on
top of the Christmas tree okay yeah I
can totally feel your belly right yeah
it's like big like you're pregnant it's
a good thing this is our Christmas tree
the money goes for you is that better
that's it right there okay my job is
done
all right let's just not on the count of
three two one board one two three my
crotch got it away this is it okay you
go you gotta go up a little bit Hey okay
ready one two three good okay let's get
to what you were baby believe everybody
he laughed so hard when Jerrod verbs can
you make yourself yep huh Jackson look
oh sorry yeah thanks oh no he's like I'm
appalled that was really gross but
you're making them sell cause it's okay
laughing like you guys are six like sick
sick pillow I smell that
that's gross dad I'm gross that's broke
funny Jared and the wonderful Joel Thank
You Joel for always helping I'm so um
you know how I told you my couch is
really uncomfortable to lay across
because it has like the little humps in
it well I left the tag on since we've
gotten it and we were at Sam's Club and
they have a new couch and it doesn't
have the little humps it's just a
regular couch so you could see better on
it and stuff and I was like do that can
we exchange it we'll have the receipt
but the tags on the couch check we've
had it for like what two months or
something it's uh and they're like yeah
just bring it in you can exchange it for
the other one and I'm like let's do it
it's like literally the same couch
except it doesn't have a ha yeah I do I
love this couch yeah I just don't love
the you can see it's when you're laying
down this way you can't you can't do it
because you like it you know that's what
it's like oh yeah it's exactly it was
like you never lay down did you find a
soft blanket sheesh I saw yeah you know
what I've been staring at my knees
Jackson's then-wife and crackers all
over him but he loves his blanket this
is part of the second time he's laid
down on this blanket before he's that so
soft on your face oh yeah kicking your
feet up relaxing this is how you do it
let's see you do it don't stand up let's
see you do it
he doesn't even want to he's bending his
legs Oh little bit there you are mommy
kids walk to mommy see I'm like not even
doing anything he's just like he doesn't
want to I just don't want to that's okay
I don't care what do you think Elly guys
this cat is the same couch it just does
it curb Italy I like it better than it
doesn't humph oh and here's the thing is
when we're sitting together that's how I
do yeah howling is gonna be so much
easier cuz you're not gonna be like this
let's come watch bigger Jackson Katy
cuddle oh oh oh
cuddling just right through Wow
cuddle action is gonna go down tonight
is going to be cuddle secondly tonight
I'm in my chair dude harder than here
come come to cuddle City everyone's
welcome to cuddle City
oh I'm tonight I'm actually going to go
watch The Bachelorette at Bonnie's house
because I couldn't well we couldn't
watch last night or I could have the
Bonnie couldn't you want to watch it
together so you want to watch it
together so I'm going over to watch The
Bachelorette Jarrett is going to I'll
probably put Jackson down to bed and
stream a game so it's his bedtime yeah
so we are going to say goodnight to
goodbye and this little guys ready for
bed Catherine is why she's ready thank
you guys so much for watching today we
really appreciate it
I really thought today we got a lot of
good moments with Jackson like I feel
like today was a good Jackson vlog day
so I hope you enjoyed but like always we
will see you guys tomorrow
excuse me I've got to make
