oh we can work out of the start of the
week is done it's Monday and that means
you got to work out on Monday so you can
have a good start of the week oh yeah I
am out of breath I am out of breath but
I feel good I feel really good
my arms are definitely feeling it today
I don't know if I'll be able to pick up
anything but I love it
as Tony Horton always says I hate it
I don't know the answer you're saying no
for lunch
yay for no naps your trash is my
treasure
Jared a night Jared Jackson and I are at
the DI we are going to try and find like
a bookshelf or something to put
hopefully behind where I film I'm gonna
try and stop filming in our bedroom but
anyways you can tell it's raining and
I'm trying to hold Jackson an umbrella
and a camera we are at the DI we are
going to go and find us something or at
least attempt to go what excited he said
you go chef please mama because it's too
hard to hold a baby an umbrella and a
camera the card show you the G I had
nothing so I'm at an antique place and
it's really a cute antique place they
have a ton of stuff out and I'm just
looking for something really simple not
too expensive just something to set
behind me in a filming room with a chair
in front for me to film a few videos so
I don't know we'll see if I am as
successful now but I think Jackson's
almost ready to go home and the rain is
kind of making it not as fun so we'll go
into one more store and see what we can
get pardon the mess but I have to show
you guys this is my setup right here
I've got the tracks laying down right
now I'm recording vocals but this is my
recording studio guys just so you guys
know this is where all the magic
this is where the music is made got my
guitars over there again please excuse
the mess we are totally changing some
things around but I should really
probably invest in some better studio
equipment but this mic is so good but
there's a lot more to recording than
just having a good mic the atmosphere
has to be good you have to have a
completely quiet area and it's amazing
what this might can pick up that my ears
can't hear enough I have monitor plugged
in but I think for one of these times
when I do a song that you know I really
want to be really really really good
like exceed my expectations I might do
like a recording studio or something
like that well I found something in the
antique store if I didn't buy it because
it was a pretty penny they could already
like painted it here I'll try and zoom
in on it but you could see it's this
like / it's like a lavender purple a
little like three-foot table it is so
cute and for my 18th birthday my mom
gave me a really pretty lampshade that's
kind of like an antique lamp and I think
it'd be so cute on that like that would
be so cute just like toys or like
rinky-dink things that I got growing up
that are really nice I think would be
fun to put on that antique table but it
was out of my budget for right now so
I'll just wish and dream I'll go home
and talk to Jared about it it was really
cute and it was I liked it because it
wasn't just a traditional dresser you
know that you can buy it like IKEA or
something because I've looked at stuff
at IKEA nassif is even a pretty penny
for what type of weather what you're
getting so I don't know I don't know but
it was really cute I've got me thinking
I got me wishing and it's it's kind of
fun because the reason why I wanted to
do this is because I had two boys I'm
not gonna want to film in my room
anymore because the baby like in the
rocking chair and the baby's gonna be in
my room for several months and then the
boys are gonna share and it's like I
just I want to get my filming stuff set
up so it's like I have my space I want
my own space holy cow I feel like I'm
getting cabin fever I have been in that
room for hours and hours and I'm making
some progress on the song
I just send it off to my brother and dad
to get their opinion on what they think
about it I have the guitar the drums and
the two vocal harmonies done so I've got
John and Paul taken care of now I need
to do George
so Ringo Paul John are done I need to
make sure George
George's part gets taken care of and I
think that's just about it
oh I guess I have to do Paul's base so
there's some music stuff that I've got
to finish but I have just been up there
so long I am ready for a break I am
reading this article on 18 bizarre
pregnancy facts and this one says a
woman's uterus expands to more than 500
times it's normal size 500 times and
then for every 2,000 babies one is born
with tooth okay there are a lot of you
guys that come and watch every day do
any of you know a baby that was born
with an actual tooth that's insane
that would be kind of scary a brand new
born baby like with a scary chick that
could be kind of crazy Jackson are you
making oh you making a big mess you
proud of yourself you proud you're proud
of all your toys and all your messes
say mama see mama mama
he tastes a dad instead Jackson is a
loving you playing with his new about
toys this is what Jax's bath toy
consisted of up until now he had two
duckies he played her two little duckies
and now grandma since his birthday
grandma spoiled him and gave a monster
toys and this one this one so octopus he
loves that and wonder if you buy set
Jackson this cute little giraffe toy
it's like a little giraffe with little
dress draftees on it and Jackson loves
that and that reminds me of when my
niece Cheri was born I remember I wanted
to get her a gift and I remember I saved
my money
and I bought it it was at a grocery
store and it was like $5.99 maybe ten
ninety-nine maybe I don't know but it
was it was that same toy but it was I
think maybe it was like ducks or
something but I remember saving my money
and buying that for my niece I was so
excited for her to be born but Jackson
now has one of his own little giraffe
toys but he I think has always really
liked bath time but I think he's
enjoying bath time a whole lot more now
that he has fun toys to play with and
baptize weren't fun for me because I got
a tease Jackson good John next up he's
like wait wait how does that come back
at that Oh God
I know he knows where that is the world
Jackson do you think this is like God
I'm a witch in the wardrobe and you just
cut through the Wardrobe the closet and
go to Narnia is that what you're
thinking oh my goodness I do but I kid
what again I've always wondered like
what goes through their mind what are
they thinking you know I wish we had
something that we could put on their
heads turn it on and it read their
thoughts to us because that's where is
this I have to make sure everywhere you
go now
he's like oh I'm gonna run into
something is when you do know what
they're thinking you can see the thought
process and then they do it and you're
like that's funny yeah I knew what they
were thinking well now we know that
Jackson whenever he puts his head down
and he's running towards the couch he's
gonna headbutt it that's what's going on
ooh sorry I got super distracted there
because I've got the football game on
the pre-show game going on right now and
they just announced that they're gonna
launch a trailer for the new Avengers
movie
age of Ultron and I'm super excited
about that but here's a question so we
got Oregon and Ohio State Ellie who do
you want to win yeah good answer
I am definitely rooting for Oregon I
would love to see them win because they
demolished Florida State and I'd love to
see them do that to Ohio State today
but obviously you guys will already know
the answer to this when you see it but
leave a comment below who you wanted to
win whether the outcome you know is or
not I think we have to do we have to
tell them today
let me set up this is important news
guys we have some news we're getting for
getting roommates for getting roommates
guys and it's gonna be interesting
because it'll help us out this
financially that financially it's gonna
help out a lot it's gonna cut it right
in half because you know how much those
things cost and in the baby they also
are gonna have a baby that couple mm-hmm
and John it's gonna be kind of a mess
with all the babies well I think I think
we'll be able to get adjusted to our
really quick I think you know they have
a baby we have a baby I think we have so
much in common that is just gonna work
it'll work we'll see just kidding this
is for playlist live guys we're not
actually getting any roommates right
here
yeah playlist live first play let's lie
so far we are so thrown off this is
definitely for playlist live guys do we
have some roommates for playlist live
and we're super excited we are rooming
with color we are rooming with Cullen
Katie and little Miss Maisie games I
know I'm excited and Jackson is too he's
excited to see Mesa game time but
literally well that is true though I'll
cut the cost math they want so we're
really excited we are way pumped we're
gonna try and get our rooms right next
to Brian and I see so all the babies can
hang out in a room if we put them all to
bed then all of us adults can kind of
like talk and hang out okay yeah yeah I
don't know it's gonna be really fun but
we love Colin and Katie they've been
such good friends with us and I'm really
excited to go to a convention that we
can actually like force them to spend
time with us and then swim in the pool
and you know what I'm gonna be saying
Denker's junk more than nobody's
business
you are gonna dig his junk dingus junk
you know what play this live is Denker's
junk but here's the other thing guys
playlist live the tickets are almost
sold out so if you want to go you've got
to hit the website down below and get
tickets because they're selling out fast
yeah we're really excited we should have
a meet up while we're there yeah and
it's gonna be really fun I am so excited
lota I'm not getting more and more
excited it just didn't seem real but now
it's like oh like we're going is this
real life okay that's our news we hope
that you guys are just as excited those
vlogs are gonna be take off but um thank
you guys so much for watching today like
always like always always we are gonna
see you bright and early tomorrow bye
