GXE you coming after me
no come back downstairs ah you have the
remote Kate go put the football game on
go put it on
see you later hey say hi say hi everyone
what's going on hey what are you doing
why did you gather us in here I Jax I
want to know what you want to talk about
Jackson is there something specific you
want to do while we're in here and your
TP this is like a meeting that you want
talked to us before the new one comes is
this a family gathering that she's this
tablet wait you want to lay down some
rules before the baby comes that's not
what it is
Jackson I'm sorry but you can't have
your own room yet oh not not when
there's only three bedrooms no sorry you
can't have your own bedroom just yet
maybe when you're older but not yet okay
so if you don't have any rules to
establish for anything that you want to
talk about we I'm calling meeting
adjourned
thing okay let me get these flaps for
you Jackson come out of the TV we were
all in there our whole family was an MC
it was it was quite nice these kids have
been loving this TV these kids well
Jackson and all the cousins everything
hey you know what I've noticed lately
Ellie what is that Jackson hasn't really
been saying Dada Dada Dada Dada anymore
it's been mama mama mama you see mom you
never go back
hey that's what I was thinking I was
like maybe he's really learning the
difference between mom and dad and he
says mama mama knows who we are he know
but as far as like saying mom and dad I
think he knows the difference between
who's mom and I think he does today at
church the book how'd you get naughty
that's why it's a loose we kept after
the fix set whatever makes you happy I
guess you could play with it it's your
TP it's kind of crazy
I won't the book that our brother and
sister-in-law got us for Christmas that
has
family pictures in it we just leave that
in like our church but bag and when we
go to church sets like Jackson has and
today at church we were shown mom dad
grandpa grandma and Jackson saw mom and
dad and got really excited I was hit and
our face is on the book and Jared's like
kiss mom and he bent down and kissed the
picture of me and then Jericho's nut his
dad and jakszyk I looked at the picture
and then looked up and kissed Jared so I
think he definitely knows I have to
practice
shut up your GoPro skills well someone
asked me in the comments can you get it
to where it actually shows your face and
yeah you totally can Ellie will you just
tilt the GoPro down a little bit like
yes yep just like that see it's like
totally adjustable but it's I mean it
stays on there really well but I'm
really excited to try it out
me too well it'll be fun to see how it
goes are you get race some cars yourself
ace when he woke up this morning he had
a giant red mark on his face he loves to
snuggle up right against the wall but he
likes it I know you're Garrett's gonna
go skiing I think this weekend he's good
test out I think dad and I are gonna go
be fun
whether it's me or him that cuz that's a
lot better scheme than I am dad made me
embarrassed to use that I think dad
knows we do it to get the shot we want
to get the shot so yeah I just think
it's really cool because last time we
went swimming we couldn't really get
really close up and get really cool
shots so I had Logan like hold the GoPro
out and then dad tried to follow him
this is just gonna be so much easier
because you get the whole body you get
the full body effects from it oh yeah
high kick turn well guys this is our
little one take Sunday here
I feel like we've been really productive
to be able to go to church and fill the
video for my channel like I feel
productive one but two dos coxy two
videos we film for Ali's channel yeah it
was really fun I did a really yummy
cooking one and then I did my favorites
for my 20 week update which by the way
um can you tell yet can they tell ya I
mean of course you can in the pictures
that I take cuz usually I wear like more
form-fitting clothes but it's totally
getting there you have to get a banner
done through the belly done it's peanut
butter jelly time peanut butter jelly
Jaffa so you we filmed two videos for
your channel for this week the question
is are you gonna edit them or am I gonna
do Jared when I first did my channel
like the first 15 videos every video
edited because I was I was out of the
house I could not do it
no but then I got tired and you did it
but all my beauty ones I do cuz because
mother yeah there's there's certain
things that go in certain places that I
just don't know about but I will do them
I will do them oh and you know what
Ellie if you want me to edit your videos
I would be more than happy to I'd be
more than happy to insert funny pictures
and funny images and funny sounds and
funny instant replays because I don't
think you do that as much as you should
I've got it you got it okay
you know I think we should do some time
soon I think we should stream just dance
Sam I think that we should definitely do
that because P every time I get on
Twitch and stream twitch.tv/eds become
everyone's like well you guys do just
dance well you guys did just dance and I
really want to because we had such a
blast we just thought we just do we have
the time of course we can make the time
it's just sometimes I get really at
night
like ok ok I'm done for the night sing
it boy you do just dance should we show
him our new trick what is it where we
hold him out oh yeah oh yeah dad laughs
uh my knees Kate she used to be so core
she is good at holding her body up she's
so light and she has such strong stomach
muscles that she can hold herself out
flat if we held her legs but Jackson is
a little bit on the heavier side okay
Maya you've ever been okay when we're so
eager well we're time over time these
Chinese Chinese Chinese Mozart
he's leaning back I can feel it's so
blurry yeah it's ruined
well it's not as ruined does that mean
we have to do yes it's still blurry I
hate this camera Hey Oh he said yeah
okay I'm sorry Jackson do it again
Jackson you have to no never let you
fall oh now he's throwing his head back
here I love my son and he loves me and
he
yeah I get any better than I should just
chase it
I think he likes that play better hmm
he likes roughhousing a head-butting
chasing you okay yeah he's okay okay
ready chase I'm gonna getcha I'm gonna
getcha yeah I think so I don't think so
through the couch okay Jackson can you
say goodbye
please say goodbye thank you bye this is
my kind of like Sunday's because it's
really relaxing we gonna hang out
together just play just wrestle make
Jackson laugh sometimes cry and
unintentionally right but seriously
thank you guys for watching I'm excited
for this week because all my work is
done all week what are we gonna do um I
have to finish recording my song you
know one has guessed right what song I'm
doing it's by the Beatles but leave a
comment down below to see if you can
guess which song no one's gotten it
right and I'm surprised but only people
people have only guessed like four songs
and there's a lot of Beatles songs so
leave your guesses below and guess what
guys we'll see you tomorrow thank you so
much for watching have a wonderful day
start the week on a right note okay do
something good for someone else make
someone smile I'm gonna try and make
Ellie smile goal update real quick 20
seconds I've been doing my good goal on
my little cooking part you have done so
well oh I thought your pepper last one I
thought you're gonna say you have done
so bad I was like can you turn your dr.
pepper so good you worked out like we're
on tracks I think it might even be
easier to cut dr. pepper the new to a
week might be easier
doing our reading every night like it's
been really fun so you've been doing
really good with our goals yeah are you
on track with your goals let us know
below what your goals are I will see you
guys tomorrow
