good morning guys it's so fun to come
downstairs and see George and the
balloons and the tent it wasn't a dream
it wasn't Jackson at his first birthday
but I'm starving and luckily let me get
those onto the fridge luckily since I
got those sandwiches for his little
party yesterday there are three left
perfect chair can have two I can have
one and then all kind of snack on some
other things but we're totally good eat
our leftovers eight for lunch and I have
spent the morning
not gonna lie Jared has to kind of
crying I just watched our video that
went up Jackson's special his birthday
special if you guys haven't seen that
you should watch it but you know I just
thought Jared has such an art jared has
such a talent and I think that's one of
the huge reasons why I love YouTube so
much is because Jared to me makes it
really fun and it's just like he could
have just thrown the footage that we got
yesterday together as a regular vlog and
put it up and it would have been great
but he stayed up till like 4:00 in the
morning and he went through every video
downloaded certain clips that he liked
of Jackson throughout the year and made
a really special montage and it just
watching it I thought Thank You Jared
for taking the time to do that because
it I think in in years to come
Jackson's wife like if I went back and
watched a montage like that of my first
birthday I would cherish that like I
would cherish anything you know but
especially that I just think it was so
special so thank you thank you thank you
sweetheart for doing that for me
and I'm Jackson and you you know just
for everyone it's so sweet and it made
me cry
you're being weird over there you're
being suspicious he's creeping down the
stairs I could tell something's up Jared
tick that off your head it's amazing
Jared you are you're gonna hit every
wall it's a whole new perspective on our
life Ellie this is just another angle
that we can get should we do a daily
vlog just like this I should have this
on my head at all times and in all
things in all places and they'll just be
awesome but this is the result for what
we did last night when Joel and I were
working on it so when we go skiing it's
like see I'm spinning but that's staying
there so you get some cool shots I'll
probably put this in there but that
wasn't cool I'm really excited to watch
this away come watch it I'm not near as
good on the mountain as I am here at
skiing okay I'm really good at skiing
here but okay so let's pretend I'm um
I'm watch a show I'm going down yeah and
then I jump did you see that whoa I
think that would get good footage yes
I'm excited to try - that was your
favorite toy he won't take it off his
head he won't this is the go theater on
my dad take it off your head I guess it
shouldn't matter to me but I got you did
you push your friend down Jackson that's
not very nice
just because you're one years old
doesn't mean you're older than George
and you can push him down that's not
very nice huh I got that London thank
you hey Jack's
let's put George back up that was not
very nice to push him don't give him a
kiss before you do it okay now we'd be
nice to our friends cuz he's he's
watched over us for a year and we don't
we want to be nice to our friends he's
really fit over here Jenna and you want
him to continue to be creep about that
before you came down Jared he's taking
this and pulling the string back and
forth so he could hear the yeah I could
hit glad you didn't get any of your
fingers you're liking it
this has been such a fun day you just
been watching Jackson play all morning
it's gonna pop don't do that hey you get
kisses you kiss a balloon okay Jackson
you have an assignment today and that
assignment is to make sure mom doesn't
spend too much money when she's with
aunt Bonnie okay I'm not spending okay
good that's at the grocery store huh
well I am gonna record some music for a
new song that's coming out okay yeah
yeah it is exciting yeah okay we'll go
play it'll be fun to put them in the
stroller
all right have fun with mommy okay give
me a kiss mwah you're the best
it is fog city here seriously fog city
onion oh if you could tell but is really
foggy today but Jackson I just passed a
gas station it's a dollar 97 that's the
cheapest I've seen in years
which means we've got to feel it before
we go home because we're almost done
empty but I just been meeting Bonnie and
the kids here at the mall we are at her
burgers it's kind of like a Macy's maybe
a maybe not as nice as a Nordstrom's
honey and it's called her burgers when
Bonnie told me the first time to meet
her here I was like oh is it like is
like a hamburger place she's like no
it's like a like a Macy's or something
I'm like her burgers her burgers that's
the weirdest name for a mall like if
they don't have hamburgers and her
burgers then I'm gonna be ticked like
that's weird
who names us or her burgers it's
paralyzing it's German oh maybe oops I
may be a veggie sorry I may have
offended somebody so sorry I don't know
here in
what we think is we ate at sounds
clubbing oh I hated corndog and lo I'm
Joe and he's screwing up none yeah
like rap gosh okay but grandpa it tells
me if I get washer oh I want a hamburger
I want a hot dog
we'll find something here this mall you
know Cody you are the sweetest boy I've
ever met you know why did a good kid
like yesterday Cody let Jackson hit his
head pull his hair as you could see in
the video and got pounced on him and
Cody like he's holding on to the
stroller because like he just loves
Jackson I look both ways look both ways
we're good and he just loves him I'm
just really proud yet you tell them to
stop I'm sorry I made fun of the name
Kerr burgers because this is actually
really cute this is a cute store when
I'm not pregnant anymore I will come and
shop in this store it's actually really
cute sorry if that was another country's
name for their stores or something so I
feel really stupid
for making fun of her Burger moving you
to begin here at the maternity store
we're at the maternity store looking at
dresses I was like having a hardest time
I actually found a really cute dress I'm
gonna wear tomorrow
but I want to find one other dress for
church I thought that was kind of cute
and those are kind of cute but I don't
really do very well in the long long
dresses at least I don't think they fit
my body very well I know I told you I
wasn't gonna buy anything but this is on
sale and it is of attorney a dress that
is gonna fit me and I can wear it in the
summer tubes if he gets kind of summery
cuz it has a little bit of the blue up
top but it actually fits pretty good for
a maternity dress I feel like and like
you can cut can you see little baby
cakes a little bit in there it's so cute
I think it may work to wrap up our
errands I see that this is very
monumental we have to document it and I
think that this might be the very last
formula that I buy for Jackson and
depending on how he does transitioning
him off of it we'll just see how it goes
but this very well could be the very
last 30 dollars we spend on formula yeah
that right there ladies and gentlemen is
what a guitar track and a drum track
look like in Logic Pro and that is what
I've been doing what Ellie has been out
in town here's my question to you guys
is can you guess what song that I'm
going to do next I'll give you a hint it
uh it might be on my shirt but can you
name the song leave a comment down below
let me know what song you guys think
that I am going to put next on my
channel but for now hey now it was time
to say goodbye to my little guy mi see
ky Jackson you're the best
didn't you do
ah bad day ramming speed thank you so
much for watching thank you so much for
all the love and support on Jackson's
birthday video I loved it and honestly
like I'm you know when I set out like I
cried like 15 times while I was editing
that video it's it really means a lot to
us and I think it's so special that we
have these memories and this is one of
the biggest reasons why we do this so
thank you for coming along the journey
have you wonderful evening in LA when
will we see these guys maybe we won't
post tomorrow yeah maybe someday we'll
take off just kidding see you tomorrow
we'll see you play this line bye
you
