happy happy birthday hey buddy
we're so happy that you're here yeah
what be hub awake in a little party for
you for you today and a surprise and but
before we do the party we have a present
that we're going to give you right now
because it's too big to wrap are you so
excited wanna go see it let's go see
you're exciting happy birthday you're
you guys just cuz if you kiddin come on
oh my goodness do you like wasted let's
see if you can crawl into it mommy and
daddy and aunt Bonnie and uncle Joel
were spent so much time to make bet on
that for you say what do you think go
get it
do you want to go in it total go yeah
you can eat ground crackers in there
look there's toys in there Jackson look
yeah he's actually smiling he's excited
you could go away no let's go go see
your animal is your favorite boy he's
like position it's kind of different but
yet me and everyone we kind of worked on
this and it was a big project but I'm
glad that we did it I'm glad that we did
- I'm glad we didn't just buy it you
know because well I kind of wish you a
bonus why I know we wish we would have
it was hard work but now that it's done
I'm glad we did it I'm glad we took the
blood sweat and tears and swear and we
finished it I'm like that looks good it
looks very good let's cross I'm back oh
good sign Emma Kyle Jackson and I'm here
to celebrate your first birthday Moo
look at his face
can everybody come be with Daddy come
here there we go
what to force you to like it there you
go buddy
kay boys happy first birthday Jackson
you seem to like your tip now oh you're
so cute in there I just wonder what will
happen go play go play he'll come now
he'll just burst out of here or a funky
plane in there like I'm going back to
bed I'm tired you are so precious wait
wait wait you can go in this your gift
you could go play oh that's my god oh my
gosh why am I so emotional already this
is the weather it was the morning we had
Jackson remember the video it's really
foggy outside it is so foggy outside
maybe it'll snow today like it did the
day of Jackson's birthday happy birthday
buddy you look so handsome today
everybody's downstairs waiting yeah I
think I hear some people downstairs they
to say happy birthday to you should we
go see who it is let's go downstairs
Jackson everyone see you on E and Jolie
here beau and Emily are here Grandma and
Grandpa are here and half of these guys
I thought were supposed to be at work
today I think they're playing hooky or
something
and what a pleasure surprise this is so
cool thanks for coming guys this is so
awesome
look at all these balloons it is
certainly Jackson's birthday Alan is our
special assignment just for you okay
here's what I want you to do I want you
to take these party hats and I want you
to give them to all the kids so they can
put them on their heads okay can you do
that look it's Cody with the first they
had on the first one good job he's gonna
rip it right off I helmet it's okay it's
his birthday
oh oh there you go oh yeah well everyone
is getting their little hats on I want
to show you guys all the setup we've got
all of our utensils and we ordered
sandwiches and then the stuff to go on
it and I made a salad last night
we've got chips a treat and then we have
a little birthday sign right here and
then this is where our you fix enough
okay take it down put those there we've
got balloons for when Jax likes his cake
and then last night I made two cakes
what for Jackson and one for all of us
and isn't this the cutest little smash
cake you've ever did see
and then I made that last night and he
has a few little gifts our Grandma and
Grandpa and some crackers and some
little things for him and then of course
his main gift over there that we made
that the grandkids love well I would
like to thank you guys all for coming
as we celebrate Jackson's first birthday
its I think it's very fitting that we
have family here because I feel like we
have the family support when we're
trying to get Jackson here with us and I
want to thank you guys for you know
making the sacrifice to come here um
there's no sacrifice I'm in the fog it
is really fun yeah yeah but I think well
thank you George for coming coming down
the stairs is a long way but I think
we'll start with a prayer and Joel would
you mind it remember someone is really
anxious for the cake locaters really
like that cake as you could tell there's
a little chunk out of it we are getting
ready for the main event Jackson is in
the chair of birthday madness we've got
balloons set up we've got the audience
preparing and we've got the cake and it
is ready for consumption mm-hmm Jackson
are you ready you've got your first
birthday shirt on let's get this going
thank you so are you are you patiently
waiting for your cake are you being such
a good boy just waiting we are just oh
look at that chunk out of that cake it's
okay I'm looking at you sister girl
hahaha
that's so funny
okay are you ready happy birthday to you
happy birthday to
you happy birthday dear
Jackson birthday to you we can sing it's
you guys we can sing just fine one more
time great happy birthday to you happy
birthday to you happy birthday dear
Jackson happy birthday to you
you
you
now that Jackson has made a pretty
sizable dent into his own cake I think
it's time for everyone else to have
their own cake what do you think grandma
has a cake mm-hmm Cody what do you think
of your cake good Olivia how's your cake
good Kate how's the case good I'm glad I
am stepping on sprinkles like nobody's
business
Pikul birthday wrinkles for days didn't
tell I do such a good job making this
cake doesn't it remind you of the
Simpsons donut that's what I when I see
that I think of a Simpsons donut hey
where'd you get that cute cake like you
ha
Jackson Jackson taking a little break Oh
sweetheart um where Jax is taking a
break he's saying hi to Grandma and
Grandpa Mika they wish they could be
here
it looks like on the table there's a few
gifts chuckle just for you buddy
I'm from Grandma and Grandpa and dad
even when I got him a gift this morning
why even after we got into big if you
would end up I wanted to have a gift for
me it's not that much but I wanted them
how to get for me
oh my goodness can you believe that what
happened you Bob yeah
whoa Cody what what a George has
happened you jumped on it he's like I'm
gonna do it again I'm gonna grab another
balloon and do it again either was gonna
be really mad
or really happy who is really how we we
gambled that one a little bit okay
Jackson this is a gift from dad that I
just picked up but I think there's some
meaning behind it okay so open your gift
it's not bad man it's dumb roots that's
okay look it's spider-man Jackson yeah
now cue my Morgan Freeman voice Jackson
you got spider-man because there is a
hero in all of us and with great power
comes great responsibility
okay he likes it you giving the kiss oh
okay what's next
who's this one from Grandma and Grandpa
this is from Grandma and Grandpa me gum
so nice of them
part and I will depress don't do that
part that part if you can't get dad to
be canceled it let's let him pull it out
real I never did it Jackson look at that
buddy octopus that's a scary octopus are
those bath toys oh my goodness are these
ones monster bath toys monsters in my
tub thanks grandma thank you grandma and
grandpa Meachem not so nice of you guys
sense oh there's a net so you can trap
the monsters yeah they don't like stay
that fatty part so they don't like stay
in the bath or something and who gave us
some Christmas presents
that's bouquet yeah you've got to learn
that Christmas is just was just right
around the corner you might get some
Christmas wrapping okay Jackson this is
from Grandma I'll help you open it's
it's Festivus wrapping is what it is
really the best of us yeah there's a
pole
oh hey he already likes it you hope it's
a bird oh wow wow it's a little piggy be
look at a Jackson that was the year you
were born look at the bottom look at the
bottom what does that say you gots in
2015 from Grandma and Grandpa that's so
cool
seriously look how cute that is
Oh show me what to do with it can you
give one to Olivia and Cody yeah and you
guys can put some money right here oh go
get grandpa Gators what's this for
Jackson oh that's so nice of nice for
you that's so nice of you Kay to put
money in Jackson's piggy bank and Olivia
you have some too and Cody look at
Jackson just stare try to put it in here
I bet he'll try and put it in this now
good job well thanks guys that's so nice
I can't even find Jackson supposedly
he's in there
where are you there's a part of your
nosey seriously where is he
hey where's Jackson there's Jackson I'll
be concerned every good picture of them
all do you guys have fun yeah good job
good good Jackson Oh
oh yeah Oh like it code Cody Jackson
Jackson is having so much fun with his
cousin's uncle James trying to get
things to fly so you need something just
a little bit more a little bit blanket
or your choice is small small toy what
about the woodblock the yellow that you
had just a little too much that Lions
too heavy
oh good job nope
there you go count it down you gotta say
goodbye to everyone it's time to take a
nap because you think since it's your
birthday you can just skip your first
now say goodbye to Grandma grandma
kisses kisses look at the time I know
all that Kate you come back here well
the party has come to a close but that
doesn't mean that the adults can stop
partying Joel and I are gonna go to the
hardware store in a little bit we're
going to start another project not a
teepee not something for the kids
something for me for me I am going to
well Joel and I are going to attempt to
make a 360 swivel mount for the GoPro
attending I know I know if I have Joel
on my side nothing's in boss
we'll build anything week with you even
if we think it it will come if we build
it it will come if we build it they will
come
who's coming um they're coming Kevin
Costner's Oh
oh good he'll haven't seen him in a
while yeah isn't that who's in the movie
what's the ghost dream fields of dreams
yes you girls are gonna what are you
gonna do oh baby where you could find
Jackson's jeans and his outfit every
single day Jackson you're stylin buddy
you're stylin rope Carlos oh yeah that's
my angle right there
yeah I'm gonna leave the camera with you
because you have the birthday boy yeah
but we may not film that's okay this is
such a perfect it was that TP was the
party spot that's where all the kids
hung out and that's where they all
played happy birthday happy birthday I
just ran into someone here at the store
she was just telling me how cute Jackson
was and she's like how old is he and I
was like today's his birthday she's like
cherish every moment they grow up so
fast I thought my babies were all grown
up and I'm really really happy and proud
to say that I have I really am I've had
such a fun year of cuddles and kisses
and snuggles and I really am so happy to
say that I feel like I have truly taken
advantage of every minute huh and
Jackson was so cheesy she was looking at
her and he was going like that she's
gone and leaning his head down on me
like he was well and his mom lacrosse
and he was like - it was actually really
cute are you bashful who you bashful
what you got there I've got this helmets
here you see this yep spins ooh yeah
just look there's something cool yep
it's gonna go like this is it good we
got long go I guess are you allowed to
ski like that with that I think the
rules around this is this I'm at the
Moose Creek are you know I think so
that's crazy camera it's gonna spin on
this skimble that's crazy
jared is we made a teepee and then it he
got into the craft setting so now
they're gonna make something but guys I
think it's
I think it's time to say goodnight to
the birthday boy I cannot believe we
have had one full year with this guy
yes has brought so much joy so much
happiness and so much love into our
house and we are so grateful for you I
meant it when I said there's a hero in
all of us he really is he's such a happy
baby he's such a good boy and he's so
Wiggly it is so Wiggly there is a hero
in all of us
amidst all the darkness and trials that
we go through we have a light and
Jackson he has a light has a light and
he is do you think he is why we are so
happy I think so I think so sir sure
thanks so much for watching guys thanks
so much for joining us on this journey
yes we haven't daily vlog for a year
but I feel like this journey is like and
this is such a pivotal point in our
journey that he's one and he's crazy and
he's wiggling around but he's he's are
these are light you hear that bun
hey Jackson you have to give a proper
goodbye cuz everyone has been so good to
you you need to give everyone a kiss
goodbye it get on my kiss look Jackson
look your kiss give him a kiss say say I
love you
mmm ah oh there's some steam in that
camera lens thank you guys thank you see
you guys tomorrow bye
member
