good morning good morning what are you
up to
oh just get my project you look snazzy
turn around look at my turn right yes
you like you needs everyone hymies how's
your hair kick I've been wondering I
kick hey I can't do high kick you're
with me on my high kicks
what type of pianist thank you okay no
more how is your hip it's good actually
feels really good good I haven't really
I feel it but it's not like stopping me
cuz sometimes sometimes it gets a little
out of control
yeah I might just sometimes just like
are in the summers really on a lot of
hikes that's gonna be so fun this summer
yeah I think the more I work out the
more adaptable my hip will be haha
better I'll feel
okay well good I'm glad you're feeling
better I really have been wondering good
morning guys Jackson is away from his
first snap let's get some lights on in
here tomorrow is his birthday jack see
oh you scared you got me through teddy
bear teddy bear 364 days you've been
with this little guy he's at you salty
figures doll does he smell yes I see I
think you start your stanky Jackson are
you thinking your birthday's tomorrow
your birthday's tomorrow should we do
something today should we do something
fun to celebrate your pretty birthday I
just feel it worth a Eve I feel like
when we moved we did a lot of stuff like
we're going on seeing family we were
busy and I was like I just want to be
home and I feel like kind of getting out
of the house today so Jarrod will have
to think of something for us to go do no
look at GoPro accessories Oh for my head
Oh some swivel I was thinking more of an
activity for the family but isn't like
we should go to that cheese place
there's this place that I guess they
have the best cheese in town and use
like a dairy factory yeah it's a dairy
factory we should go there sure let's do
it okay let's do it - dude - dude - it's
your TV's
I all ready sweetie one two - that's a
huge - OH oh my gosh yeah ouch - wonder
where it gets it fun I think both of us
that's all first things first before we
go anywhere we have to get this place
picked up every little bottle sippy cup
toy everything needs to be picked up we
need a vacuum we need a dust before we
go have fun today
and because you don't turn one until
tomorrow
I will make you start pulling your
weight when you are 1 years old so you
have one more day off the hook I'll do
it for you but tomorrow you better I
know I know
tomorrow okay I'm I'm not going to take
sassy back I'm not going to take sass so
after your birthday then you can pick up
okay but I'll give you one more day off
the hook is that okay deal deal
good job good compromising give me kiss
don't suck your fingers love you love
you love you happy birthday tomorrow we
are here we are here to buy critted
cheese or squeaky cheese and Jarrod's
like why not do on that looks like yes
we are
I like smoochy I said we can get a
sample I just don't know if I want to
purchase a big thing this week achieve
her just squeak all the time we're not
squeaky people we don't squeak yes we do
does we do I want squeaky cheese I like
squeaky cheese do you guys like squeaky
cheese squeaky cheese is good
are you lying no I had squeaky cheese oh
I just thought you didn't like it I do
like it it's just when I eat and then
when I talk I don't want to meet Emily
me me me name in a minute you've got a
bug on your fish okay you got Jackson
we're here I think it really is probably
just like a store is what it is but they
held like this huge farm in the back
it's kind of cool I don't even know how
it'll be but they have this uh Sun sign
up it just says you good faithful
farmers how you are valued by your
country which you are my grandparents
are farmers if God does not bless and
the farmer does not work I ask who has
something to eat
there you go that is to my grandparents
that farms ice cream when you first walk
in yes please there's very blue
that looks amazing we're actually right
it's like a little store it's gonna cute
what but look at all that squeaky shoes
right there I'll be going over there but
they had like all this milk
they have vanilla milk chocolate milk
cookies and cream orange cream that's
weird
reduced-fat Nana Ness get that
strawberry milk and banana milk that's
crazy
he's crazy whoa root beer float milk
that's kind of weird so I've got the
root beer float milk I'm gonna sample
this whoa don't do too much that's a lot
just a little bit you don't like it
smells just like a river flow here smell
checks and snow
it's like just like a root beer float
that's amazing um let's get another one
an ultra rip up no a difficult time
getting banana
tsch was like a banana it's kind of
that's kind of weird that they can do
that it's like a melted banana ice cream
pop that's good nice cream home
well this is just the fun of still of
day day I could ever think of childhood
on this dick is what we decided yeah it
tastes like fruity 2ds Cheers
I got huckleberry and I think Jackson
likes it a lot is that good ready here
must 1 years old you can have some ice
cream
yeah oh my God look at his lips that's a
boy you want some more
say mama I guess that means mama sure
did not buy the ice cream he's just like
Smith just we heard all my face all get
right up I love that what are you doing
with your hands oh just just relaxing
with my hands behind my head he was
going like this he's like feels like
running his greasy fingers through his
hair which by the way we should pride
trim again
guess what I did you take a stroll on
the beach oh the life this is the life
now he's eating his hair don't do that
oh just have any good or 10 years you
didn't change in food you know like I
did someone feed you and changes your
diaper
that's what Jackson's thinking where's
the next spoonful woman OH
did it just kind of lay down on our
couch to try and get a couple of minutes
of rest and I'm not gonna lie our couch
is not the comfiest to sleep on it's
good to watch a show on but to actually
lay down it kind of sucks so why are you
smiling because I like it cuz Jarrett
well he probably sick it makes I'm like
that's couch sad there's like
complaining but from day one I wanted a
body pillow and I don't send from day
one of Jackson yeah for two years under
X and it's just something that I just
was like I don't need it because I could
use a pull the bed between my legs
fine I'll give you a bite but I decided
I'm like let's just go and look at body
pillows and we'll just see if maybe
Sam's Club has done that we come back
out so I made up my mind today's the day
I've had enough nights that I'm
frustrated you can't stand it anymore
you need a body pillow we should do it
info commercial we should we honestly
should our land i dating the best of you
are you getting tired are you restless
at night well here at Sam's Club we have
the most luxurious the softest the most
comfortable body pillow check it out
here 100% cotton with down feather
pillows this body pillow is gonna make
you wait on this one night there is
curves in this body pillow so as you lay
down you can form it folks you can form
it to your belly and as your belly grows
you can roll side to side and it will
cut the belly and it will lift the belly
so you can have a good night's rest
there you go folks
one for $10.99 but wait we'll throw in
one more folks one more two for $10.99
more but if you call within the next 15
minutes we'll add an additional body
pillow you'll get three for $19.99 call
down we are so good take it we need
someone to give us a body fill up no
let's go to Sam's Club let's get me a
body pillow that was no fun
what trick
what the why I have a secret still I
don't get close get close not too close
sigh I felt the baby move oh that is
true I just felt the baby move I had my
hand on Ellie's little belly and I felt
the baby kick and it was the most
amazing thing in the world it was I was
taking a little nap and I said huh I
feel it I said that's pretty strong I
said try see if I can feel it and he put
his hand on my belly and he's like ahh
and he felt just a little bit a little
bit
Boop teeny bopper dope just move it come
on a serious note
well that is as serious as you can get
never mind let's go get me a body pillow
oh right what do you guys think does she
look pretty good we are sitting here
live with Ellie and Jackson Meachem here
going over their one-year interview what
do you guys think oh sorry when you're
up there what's on your thoughts what's
on your mind guys Jackson you're one
years old what are you thinking you'll
have to just watch to know what's going
on we are gonna have Ellie's video
posted down below Jackson's one-year
update is on her channels for your
viewing pleasure
and look at our setup isn't amazing
isn't it a professional I will do that
what flavor are you looking for tonight
something to pop her lips let's see here
mm hmm hmm that's really ping that pops
too much it's a sad day in the me come
home very very sad day Ellie has found a
replacement cuddle buddy she has a body
pillow that wraps her in all the right
places
what am I gonna do I actually really
like this cuz I hate our pillows so this
is great Who am I gonna talk about Ellie
Oh am I gonna cut away I could put my
belly
ahh this is so wonderful Jackson are we
gonna sleep in the crib together is that
what's gonna happen now
this is oh you okay buddy no good thing
you've got the noggin like a rock holy
cow
and then like look every night like
Jared scoot closer to me well don't
Connelly just turn around so you're back
as Lee
yes I just want to lean against you
that's all I don't want to cuddle I just
want to lean against you know the back
of this leans and cuddles me oh this is
great
well guys that's the last of me cuddling
with Ellie on the bed so I think we'll
end the vlog there thank you guys so
much for watching and as you guys are
watching it today today is Jackson's
birthday wouldn't it be hilarious if we
got Jackson happy birthday Jackson
trending on Twitter so teammates I don't
think it'll happen but we should try at
least I don't know yeah if you were
gonna do a special for his birthday so
you won't want to miss tomorrow are you
grabbing my headband I've got a hold of
him guys just so you know he's not gonna
fall off the bed it's pretty good but
thank you guys so much for watching if
you guys didn't hear the announcement
yesterday we are going to playlist live
in Orlando Florida next month so make
sure you guys if you are in town or
nearby get tickets on the playlist live
website so we can meet you guys because
we want to meet you guys that's half of
the fun of going is meeting everyone so
Kevin Jackson likes to cuddle see o4z
I'm forcing you to cuddle me say goodbye
goodbye
member
