good morning you guys it is a beautiful
day today the sun is shining it is warm
it is nice it is great but do you ever
wake up in the morning and you're just
like today is not one of those days
where it goes the way that you want it
to I feel so bad because Ellie is in bed
she is sick she is not feeling well she
even threw up I feel so bad for her
so today my goal my job is to make sure
that she is comfortable she is nourished
she is
not thirsty not hungry I have I went to
the store I got her favorite soup I got
some hydrating electrolytes I want to
make sure that Ellie doesn't have to
lift a finger at all today I want to
make sure she is so good because she is
not feeling well and I feel so bad let's
go bring her some soup let's go check on
her
well I walk in the door and what do you
see alleys move from the bed to the
couch you're able to move how are you
feeling honestly I've been trying it's a
bug and I feel like a bug because like I
get up and like I'm gonna just buck up
and do it and I'm like no no no no I
gotta sit down I really think it's a bug
too because the way you've been feeling
in the past it's not something that was
just like gradual it's just like boom
last night it yeah all night I was
tossing and turning I was like I'm gonna
throw up
like what and I just I have not felt
like I think it's my head I think it's
carving like I don't I'm so sorry but
I'll tell you I was so glad that I was
able to wake up with Jackson today
because I felt so refreshed
I was yeah I felt so good this morning
so like it makes me feel good that I'm
I'm I feel so good that I can take care
of you so what do you say we make you
some soup yeah by Tito Jackson get it
get it oh got it good job get her too
now fight it
all right fight it fight it fight it I
think I've got Ellie all set up she's
got her computer she's got her drink
she's got some hard candy to suck on she
has her guilty pleasure keeping up with
the kardashians whatever they're called
I'm looking at what are you looking at
right now I am looking at crib slash
David or not David they're bad solder
that's uh it's like we're gonna have
another baby or something in Jackson's
gonna grow up and he's gonna be in the
toddler better I don't know what
to replace and I'm loving them a lot
Walmart's that's where my head is I love
them it's actually been a really good
crib no complaints at all with that one
but I'm gonna leave Ellie she's going to
engage in her activities while she's not
feeling well and I've got to send off
some packages what's that promise I
don't feel well any time she gets up
removed she like wants to throw up and I
think our headache is just killing her
the most but okay you go watch your
friends all right Ellie barely barely
see being a cuddle monster he won't
sleep hmm so I said then you have to
stay and cuddle on he doesn't like you
know if you're not you know what I think
it is it's enough you know what I think
what I think he wants to watch
SportsCenter and not Kardashians no I
think you also then you want to watch
the Kardashians
don't care come on buddy give it a shot
give it a shot I'm gonna start walking
or wet hmm this is how you do it here
Jackson watch me I'll do it first let it
ha
I'm looking and I'm looking and I'm
using this and I'm walking and I'm
walking this way and it's how you do it
okay Jackson your turn come on give it a
shot give it a shot dude
stand up
there you go oh you're a pro already
look at you go yeah well watch out for
that you don't want to crash mm-hmm
every time he gets on that thing he has
the biggest smile on his face I really
think he's gonna start walking here soon
he's been standing up you don't think so
I think he will walk at maybe 14 months
14 months 13 months I think he'll start
walking sooner than we expect Jackson's
on a little bit of the heavier side so I
think he won't walk as soon as some
people think though in the comments of
the day I mean most parents are I think
maybe most people know babies don't have
to walk at 1 years old there's they're
completely okay babies develop at
different ages it's totally fine I'm not
even worried in the slightest about
Jackson well I like fast paced honestly
with the new baby coming along I kind of
want to just take our time with him you
know I don't want him to grow up too
fast and cuz every single parent I think
says they just grow up so fast
and I don't really want that to happen
right away but as you guys can see we
haven't really moved all that much today
I feel so bad that you felt so sick but
honestly I've tried to make sure that
you've been comfortable with every
single way imaginable have I done okay
yeah great thanks for giving me soup
thanks for taking care of Jackson I have
moved but when I move my stomach
I just pit it just hurts so I just I
think the biggest thing about today is
that I've taken care of Jackson like the
whole day I am exhausted I am exhausted
taking care of Jackson so I give it up
to Ellie
number one she's number one in my heart
there's your heart right there in your
more one of my heart and single parents
people who are single parents people
don't know how hard you guys have it
like you guys are strong you guys are
very strong and I don't know if I could
do it I really don't so to those single
parents out there to those mothers to
those fathers who do you know the
raising and everything while the other
person's at work or vice versa anything
like that medical school like people who
spend the majority of their time alone
with kids you guys don't know how strong
you are
I am not worthy so big shut up to you
guys this world would not be the same
without you it's a bottle episode that
we have not really changed locations one
bit Ellie is standing though she's make
my progress there's a little variety in
today's vlog that would be great
no that's just you know when you're sick
and you're not feeling well that's just
what you do you just rest relax I took
care of Jackson as best as I could so
you know that's my stomach like I just I
thought if I move too much it's like
that you know how many have a bug like
your stomach is just like oh like that's
what it feels like so I sit down oh
you've done enough standing for today so
here's what's going on we're gonna end
the vlog Ellie had a little too much
soup of that same variety she had lots
of chicken noodle soup today so I'm
gonna go get her a different kind of
soup and I think that's just about it
Jackson is awesome he's the best we need
to get more footage of him in the vlogs
don't you think he's a certain he needs
to start providing more content for you
guys so I'm gonna start whipping him
into shape because he's just sitting
there smiling you guys have seen him
smile he does that all the time
remember do you remember how we have a
t-shirt that says mind the brows because
people are always like funny like he
used to be like an angry baby he's the
best baby in the world
Ellie what do you have to say to already
our audience so you can say one thing to
end the vlog what's the one thing that
you want to leave these people with
today don't rush my teeth yet that I
threw up that's very inspiring I am I'm
really happy about that
you guys are awesome keep smiling keep
having a positive attitude and leave a
friendly comment freely because she's
not feeling well and we'll see you guys
in the next video which will what when
will that be owing what do you think
well we'll see these guys see you
tomorrow okay always and I'll be better
give them a kiss with your on brush
teeth
