happy happy birthday happy happy
birthday happy happy birthday son it's
your birthday week give you one years
old can you believe that this has been
the best year the best year of my life
because of you it's been so fun
holding you and kissing you and cuddling
you and smelling your baby breath and
changing those icky diapers because of
you Jax and I are just having a snack I
cut up some apples for me and Jackson's
eating some peaches and Jackson just
full bowl and took my apple away and
he's never had an apple and he's
actually been really good about just
taking little bites it's his teeth and
she's kind of cute I think he kind of
likes it like cheese there was your
teeth thing you know what I was thinking
to myself Ellie what I was thinking to
myself and I said self these poles that
we have are certainly not even close to
as long as we need to go pole-vaulting
with we need to take these poles back
and we get longer poles so we can pull
vult properly with there's no way we're
gonna pull volt 20 feet 2 inches with
this pole and break the world record
okay there's just no way we can do that
this pole is as tall as I am maybe just
the tantalum but we need at least a 17
foot pole we're going to pole vault 20
to 20 feet 2 inches and break the world
record
get fool you said to my two in full Sun
like that yeah 30 inch pole mean 30 feet
bowl CLE is a pole holding amateur I'm a
pole vaulting master I'm a master of the
pole vault I actually studied a long
time about pole vaulting and I studied
under the Petrov model you guys even
know what that even means it's a
technique that the previous world record
holder still record holder in my part
Sergey Bubka from the Ukraine use he
broke the world record like 35 times but
of course it's you know centimeter by
centimeter but are you gonna be a pole
vaulter when you grow up Jackson huh is
daddy gonna teach you how to pole vault
I really want to because I think pole
vaulting is such an awesome sport
there's it's very technical you have to
be very strong it's like gymnastics on a
stick when I set that out loud I thought
of something different but they actually
they actually are starting to bring it
back there was a point in time where I
think almost all Utah high schools had
pole vaulting banned because people
would keep landing on their heads and
hurting themselves pole vaulting is
actually a very safe sport if you know
how to be safe the reason that so many
injuries happen is because people don't
know what they're doing and that's why
you need a coach that's why a coach is
so important I'm a coach you were in
touch I was a coach I coach the women at
the BYU pole vaulting team um let's get
some poles are you gonna be a pole
vaulter when you grow up huh
I guess you have that choice the choice
is yours Jackson but I'm going to try
and force it on you a little bit so I'm
here at Walmart and jairs looking at Inc
if I have a few groceries that I need oh
yes I do need animal crackers but I was
just thinking I ought to start stocking
up on diapers now I wish I would have
done that with Jackson and if I had the
room in our place I probably would have
but we had such a small place that I
didn't so now that maybe we I could put
the diapers on the garage or in the
closet I actually want to start buying
diapers now
and I kind of have a feel for what I'll
need from with Jackson like I won't need
like 100 boxes of newborns maybe just
one you know or something like that so
anyway maybe not today I'm not feelin
Aaron says but it kind of be nice to
start getting them now so we don't have
to buy them when the baby comes
oh and by the way my favorite is Huggies
I've tried a lot of the brands I've
tried the Walmart brand Costco brand
pampers what else if I tried over here
with Jackson I don't think I've ever
tried loves actually maybe I should try
those for Jackson and see what I think I
don't think I've tried less but I do
love Huggies those are probably my
favorite Marco Oh Marco oh you found
this
oh gee look what I got for you this is
for your birthday thank you jack rose
for Jack's
that's for your birthday to have a
couple of treat animal Packers in my
shoot monkeys and rabbits look look it
is that time of season again that my
nails always look beautiful do you guys
want another secret it's called girls
night every Monday thankee bachelor we
have not turned on cable and I don't
know how long I do not remember the last
time Jared and I put on a show other
than maybe a movie during the holidays
but we haven't watched TV we watch
YouTube YouTube is our TV and so every
time the bachelor comes on every time
the season comes on that is kind of my
little getaway show I do like the
Kardashians but I don't keep up with
them I don't keep up with Keeping Up
with the Kardashians but I like The
Bachelor so I always sit file my nails
paint them it's my time to relax and I
love it so tonight I made my yummy
scalloped potatoes and I have green
beans going and I just made a lemon
sauce for the top of my lemon squares so
my little lemon cake is in there and I
had to use lemons and so guess what
Jackson gets his first lemon tonight oh
don't worry you can watch The Bachelor
tonight because I have
a new and improved remote that actually
works that you can press the buttons on
and you did it and it'll change the
channels and guess what else what it'll
turn up the volume - yes our other
remote broke how long have we lived here
and it probably broke a few months ago
even in our old place
so just goes to show how much TV we
actually watch and how much YouTube we
actually want I just told them and that
crazy yeah spurred we're on the same
wavelength but bigger let's give our
baby the first lemon dinner has been
consumed and dessert has arrived Jackson
your dessert is here I hope you are
ready because the fun for us is about to
begin let's go give that gooey that's
yummy I wonder if he says he is a little
bit older than when you know most people
do this and he just ate so I wonder if
he won't react to it like you know I
wonder what his reaction will be and
there's only one way to find out on the
fight
mmm you thinking about it take your mice
hey turn this way away from me let's get
you some help
there you go he likes it but you don't
get he wants you blankies guys okay you
can have it he's like this is a trick
you guys are tricking me huh okay give
him one more bite okay one right there
oh that was a key man we know I think
that to know that was kind of cute that
was cute got a little reaction I think
we will definitely do it earlier for one
baby to comes oh no do it again take
another bite do it for daddy
kind of like the avocado face and I give
it an avocado for the first day oh
you're so cute Ellie's favorite time of
the year is here Ellie cannot wait
she has an hour and a half left but she
is literally dancing in her little pants
for The Bachelor The Bachelor is on
tonight there is one guy 25 women Chris
Hansen I'm coming for your job because I
think I can do a lot better than you can
ladies gentlemen tonight on The Bachelor
blah blah blah blah blah blah blah what
do you think I think you would rock it I
would rock it Chris Hansen no Chris
Harrison Chris Hansen is the night the
guy who catches to catch a predator I
don't want his job I do not want his job
Chris Harrison tonight on The Bachelor I
could do it I could do it I could do it
ladies and gentlemen tonight is the
night as you can see here behind me
The Bachelor has begun are you so oh
you're so sad I remember probably the
past what how long have you been married
five years Ellie has watched The
Bachelor The Bachelorette and sometimes
the bachelor pad is that what it's
called always never missing a season
Ellie's favorite is when they all come
in and she picks who she thinks is the
best one she's like oh yeah
Ashley's gonna win she's gonna be
awesome she's gonna do great Ashley
she's gonna win I like Ashley yeah do
you know anyone from the show yet has
they even started yet watch it with me
and it goes to start for another hour
interviews I don't care about interviews
I know everybody okay
I'm gonna let you guys do your thing you
do your thing and I'm gonna do my thing
and it's probably gonna be edit the vlog
I think we'll end it right now is that
okay okay guys thanks so much for
watching today I hope you had a
wonderful day and I think we might have
an announcement coming up soon you guys
guess what it is we're pregnant oh no
that's not it
it's don't tuned staying tuned we have
an announcement coming up soon okay
we'll see you later bye
by travelpod member
