mm-my smeller is smelling something very
smelly something smelly good smelly hmm
what is so smelly good smelly Ellie Oh
smelly Ellie what smells good what's in
your belly Ellie smelly Ellie Ellie
smelly because Ellie's pregnant
Oh our house is actually pretty stinky
because one Ellie's pregnant too I have
been drinking this protein powder and
protein powder makes you stinky so we've
been pretty smelly hon Ellie belly
smelly Ellie belly butt smells good yes
let's Jack let's go back let's go back
to that baby
oh okay really i unknown of what Bonnie
ignore mom oh okay Bonnie I'm vlogging
what's going on shake man I'll just make
on shoulders make them that way
everything's I want everyone's hot in a
pot cuz we like things when they're hot
in the pot oh no Jackson what's going on
Jackson just ran upstairs what did you
say bunny no cuz it's so much easier for
us to move than you you guys don't move
okay guys
well Jared finishes talking to Bonnie
don't wanna you Joel stayed up way too
late last night I was I've been working
on a project for Jackson's birthday and
I was done I quit I I put money into and
I thought you know this isn't worth it
Baggett tears were shed few words were
shed I was done Bonnie Joel and Jared
whipped out the sewing machine they
literally saved the day so they stayed
up really her sewing they stayed up late
last night and they were helping me so I
was like I'll make dinner I'll make
Sunday dinner I'll bring it over so I am
making spaghetti and meatballs and I
love these meatballs there's so many
that I had to have two pans and then I'm
making the stuff so I have about just a
few minutes left before I have to do the
noodles I think you're doing really good
at sticking true to your news New Year's
resolution I know
I have Thank You Jared I have a pure a
sweet-and-sour recipe that I already
have a little it says pick worthy if you
can see that and I have a little trick
mark on this one that I'm going to make
as well
and I'm just gonna continue to make
nails and if they're really good all
I'll make a video on it but back to you
are you gonna look at my face for a
little bit hold it also about the
cameras
oh no don't drop and Ellie these these
guys are so valuable they're so
important to us in our bond answer okay
so yeah Ellie is doing a really good job
at sticking true to her New Year's
resolutions and I think I'm doing a
pretty good job too I've worked out
every single day since we started even
before the New Year's I went to the gym
because I want to make sure I really
didn't want to this doesn't really help
my case all that much I didn't want to
be one of those guys who goes to the gym
just in January starting on January I
wanted to go before to make it seem like
this is something I really want to do so
I started earlier but you know how it is
like the gym in December is completely
empty but the gym in January is like a
wrestling match that I'll put it a
picture of what I'm talking about right
now but I really want to do it because I
really
you guys don't didn't know me at this
time but in high school and in college
like I was fit I was strong you know I
played football I pull ball tube like I
was it was really athletic but ever
since my hip surgeries three hip
surgeries I've lost that and I really
want to get it back so I really want to
stay true to my new year's resolution
this year and work out a lot and make
sure that you guys are getting awesome
content on my channel Ellie's doing
awesome and I think it's helping me get
healthier Ellie's new year's resolution
by cooking oh what happened to the
noodles
we had a noodle explosion they can't
escape but speaking of new year's
resolutions and working out do you guys
remember that one video that we did with
a bunch of other youtubers so we have a
dance party it was in like some sort of
warehouse well we participated
video and it's from NordicTrack and they
have the world largest treadmill dance
and we were a part of it and that video
comes out today right now it's available
probably right now I'm sure it's gonna
be on launch right now by the time you
see this but I want you guys to go check
it out I'm gonna have a link right here
on my hands there's a little platter of
a video link for you guys to check it
out but we had so much fun filming that
and shooting that it was like our first
big shoot that we've been a part of what
did you remember most about it know the
puppies
I hope those puppies made it into the
shop because they were puppies they're
Jackson they did sorry I interrupted you
again I'm the worst no you're good
Jackson they had Jackson on a treadmill
crawling the cutest thing you ever
didn't see so I don't know if that got
in there as well but I'm excited for you
guys to see it cuz I gonna see it
tomorrow morning so you will as well but
yeah that I really want you guys to go
check that out because we had so much
fun there who was there
Casey laverre Logan McKay Austin Sam and
Jenica Levine life there's tons of
people yeah we did and then we went
skiing the next day if you guys don't
remember that was it was honestly like
one of the best days of my entire life
it was so much fun
Jackson what were you thinking okay I'm
coming to get you I'm gonna get how are
you guys I want to talk about something
real quick here and just because I think
it's a pretty pretty impactful you guys
may have heard that Stuart Scott passed
away Stuart Scott was a anchor for ESPN
and Sports Center and I just remember
that he I woke up every single morning
at 6:00 a.m. for school and everything
and I'd have breakfast and I would sit
down
and I remember her still be dark outside
and I would sit and eat cereal watching
Stuart Scott and Rich Eisen and Dan
Patrick all those guys do SportsCenter
and I think that without Stuart Scott I
wouldn't love sports as much as I do now
he was a huge impact on my love for
sports he passed away after fighting
cancer he actually got it twice
but really inspirational guy really
inspirational story if you guys don't
know about him check him out read his
story because he is
he revolutionized SportsCenter I think I
really think he did chuckling before we
go to blinds cuz these are on the stack
and seriously want to tell everyone
about Church about um Jackson how good
he was at church today he was so good
but once a month our church let's like
the congregation go up and they read
their testimony about Christ and I got
up and I was or repair their testimony
about their faith you know and I got up
today and I were my testimony because
it's a new year and I was like you know
this year's been really good we had
Jackson this year and everything just
this year's been really good for us but
I was like the last year there you know
John 13 was not good and I just that
life was really hard and I just said you
know because we had the faith that we
knew that you know someday we would have
a child whether it be Jackson or you
know adoption or something we would we
would have a child and I said you know
life is really hard sometimes in life
can be really good sometimes but by
keeping your faith it helps you stay
positive so anyway I don't know I just
want to shout out because life has been
really hard for us and we didn't really
film that much we had a camera for a
full year in our apartment it was red we
saw it every day no it was silver we saw
every day and we never recorded and we
wanted to but we didn't and that camera
never got used and then one day we
picked it up we sold it got upgraded one
cuz it was old by then and we started
filming and I'm really glad that we did
but I just wanted to show that because
life has been hard and it's a new year
and I feel like you know maybe many of
you have had a really
last year but maybe this year will be
better there's something that I tweeted
out and I think I got it okay all right
you check many notes there's something
that I tweeted out yesterday or noise
this morning we are not defined by the
trials that we face we are defined by
the trials that we overcome now we went
through a lot of trials but we overcame
them and we overcame them in a way that
we we didn't expect but the fact is that
we never gave up and we always look
forward and we've always tried to stay
positive it's hard to stay positive but
I know that because we did we were able
to overcome this trial I know that you
guys can do those same things with the
trials that you're facing so you can
overcome them do it to it Lars that's
what I have to say guys I really hope
you have a wonderful day today be sure
to smile often look for someone that you
can compliment or someone that you can
help have a better day that's my
challenge to you guys see if you can
make someone else have a better day than
they're already having cool beans cool
beans
all right let's take a Johnson all right
Jackson check siruni hey bud well you
say goodbye say goodbye to do yeah oh
yeah okay give them a kiss you want to
give them a kiss
