yeah what are you saying you didn't get
bounced you did okay he is so cute
yeah I was talking you gotta he turned
around gave me that smile
good morning on the second day of a
brand new year you know what I'm gonna
do I have a lot of things that I need to
do those things are errands and errands
are very important to get done I walked
in the kitchen and I don't even think I
need to I'm so scatterbrained right now
one thing that we needed to do today is
we need to clear that pile of snow
because it is still there and it is
still ridiculous and I think all of the
mail men hate it I have to go to the
post office I have to go to the bank I
have to go to Walmart I have to go to
Best Buy and then I have to come back
and then we have to eat lunch because
I'll be hungry by then so that's what we
have to do today that's what's going on
lots of errands today but we're gonna
have a lot of fun because I think we're
gonna work on a big project that we're
working on for Jackson's first birthday
I'm really excited about that it's his
first birthday so I just got the prints
of our invitations to Jackson's first
birthday and they turned out okay I mean
the what I really wanted was like a
folded card with all of the pictures
that I did on the card but no place
would print it one in the time that I
needed it to - at all so I have no idea
what to do so we just did the same
design just on a straight sheet of paper
and this is what it looks like
Jackson is turning one you're invited
Jackson is turning one and we want you
to be there that picture right there
I love that it's with all of his
giraffes except big George and he is
just so cute right there I don't know I
thought it was pretty cool it's not the
one I turn what I wanted it to turn out
to be but I think it'll work just fine
and I'm gonna send these to our family
members whoa
and done holy cow my hand is so tired I
just wrote my address their address my
address their address my address there's
a little bit like 30 times to send all
of our family members I was thinking as
I was writing because my hand was
cramping really bad in ninth grade I had
an English teacher who told me or told
the class that if you ever get a hand
cramp while you're writing like writing
a paper writing a letter or anything
like that it's because you're squeezing
your pen too hard that's why you get a
cramp it's not because you've written so
much it's because you're squeezing the
pen too hard and I was thinking I was
like oh I should take that advice more
often because my hand is cramping every
single time I write letters
but I finally got this sent off to all
my family members I've got one more stop
to make and it's a very fun stop because
we're going to bash back yes yes good ol
Best Buy it's a new year and that means
we need a new hard drive my hard drive
is totally full and we like to save all
of our footage that we use throughout
the year
so I'm going to go here to Best Buy see
what I can find last year we started
backing up all of our vlogs in 2014 we
wanted to make sure that we had all the
footage we kept all of the footage so we
got a big external hard drive to do that
well we actually didn't start daily
vlogging until June 1st so we only have
from June 1st on where we have every
single day of footage everything the
before that is just you know when we did
like once a week twice a week I think we
did three times a week ones I don't know
but we have everything saved from that
and it's on a three terabyte hard drive
and it said it filled the whole hard
drive and we got the entire year saved
well now 2015 on we're gonna do the
whole year daily vlogs Ellie's channel
and my channel so I got a bigger hard
drive I got a 5 terabyte hard drive it's
actually the biggest that they had and I
actually got 40 bucks off of this it was
a pretty good deal but I'm pretty
excited anytime I go into Best Buy I
feel like I'm a kid in a candy store but
so hopefully that will work a lot of you
guys have wondered and I've even
wondered too before we started vlogging
do people backup all of their stuff do
people keep all the footage that they
use you know all of that our answer is
yes and I'm grateful because there have
been many many many many times where
I've needed to go back onto the hard
drive and grab footage that isn't on
YouTube you know because we can just
download our own videos but the footage
that we don't that doesn't make the cut
well what happens to that will we still
back that up and I'm grateful because
I've used it quite a bit when I got up
this morning I asked Ellie I picked out
three shirts I was like what shirt do
you think would be best and she told me
to wear Captain America Captain America
with his long sleeve shirt right here
and I had no idea that her intention
behind this all she wanted us to be
superheroes today
since wearing Superman he's even got a
cave champion why go fly bars sky's the
limit
over here yeah whoo Superman Shh
he can leap tall buildings in a single
bound he can run faster than a
locomotive and he wins the hearts of
women everywhere
with his little curl Oh Superman Jackson
is not a Superman does we're superheroes
today you guys were so cute she would
your outfit of the days yeah let's go
outfit of the day so Jackson here the
way the mold Navy camp came here was
super me it's not maybe I'm just
throwing it I'm just saying stores um my
boots came those boots were six and they
were so tiny so we ordered a bigger size
and then we're sending those back so my
boobs came whoo-hoo
I got my leggings on and okay these are
Eternity shirts that I've gotten from
pink blush that I've ordered they're not
I mean anyone can wear them they're
seriously like such cute loose shirts
here I'll show you guys like I know if
it was tight belly but it's just dang
girl you look good
um hi oh go ahead you go first you go
first I was like I have to give it to
moms and dads everywhere who can do
their kids hair I tried doing Jackson's
hair today and I failed miserably which
is so surprising because my hair is
awesome and amazing but Jackson like is
so Wiggly I cannot do his hair so to you
parents and you aunts and uncles and you
babysitter's who do kids hair thumbs up
to you because I can't well you did a
good job but we had to hurry because not
gel dries fast
alrighty snow pile it's only you me and
this shovel here only two of us are
gonna make it out alive
let's dance I am making dinner I'm
making sweet and sour chicken sweet and
sour sweet sweet and sour yeah I'm
making sweet and sour chicken I just got
my chicken cooked I've got my vegetable
let's cut up I got my brown sugar going
I haven't made this in a row and my rice
out sign anything I haven't made this in
a really really long time it's been
sense like it's probably like six months
ago that I made it but like I said a New
Year's thing I want to start making
dishes again taking a picture if I
really like it
critiquing everything and doing a good
job so I have like five to ten meals to
choose from Jared is shoveling the snow
and I'm pretty sure the snow one
oh look at this is that going to be
really hard to shovel all that click ice
now get up was that funny I don't know
good man yeah good luck Schieffelin Oh
cause it's like a beast of the Snow Hill
I know I'm gonna come back in a few
minutes and see how you're doing but on
a more serious note I have to show you
guys we've got sprinkles in the house
sprinkles in the house I think I just
spent like 20 bucks on sprinkles but
Jackson's birthday is in one week is on
January night and I have a pie or a cake
pan to go to make a cake to put on my
new little cake pan and then I even have
Jackson his own little thing so I can
make him his own little personal cake
how cute is that so I've got all my
sprinkles my cake my frosting we are
good to go I'm just seriously wrapping
up dinner my vegetables are just
finishing up cooking and then I just
have to add a few little sauces some
brown sugar some rice and we're gonna
have a little chicken and rice for
dinner tonight you've made a lot of
progress I think we know who the real
champion is here that really is yeah the
smell didn't win snow didn't went on
this that really does look really good
Jared we're doing all that holy crapola
you're - nice to meet you what it that's
cute oh my gosh cute what am I thinking
what am I even saying we could use like
a little igloo oh if I if I could find
that picture we should insert it my dad
in one year we all slip in at the dog
did - it's really fun you trade you
3,000 Superman that's the wrong thing
see thanks huh don't do don't do do done
don't done it I've done Peppa Suzy
Superman King well that escalated
quickly
oh hey Jack hmm kostik and I Captain
America and Superman all right way too
much fun to go then what that's how you
get your powers yes like what oh I've
had a cake this whole time Oh guys Oh
jinx
yeah I think you're gonna claw tonight
yes I think we're gonna say good night
jack our dinner was fabulous by the way
so yeah I think we're gonna have it
fromage yeah I wrote it down so I'm
gonna do a video on it but I wanted to
show you guys won't be here you have to
show them because granite this is a
little shirt but look by the end of the
day my baby daddy gets pretty big huh oh
wow it certainly does
I am I'm high
eighteen and a half weeks next week
you'll be eighteen nineteen weeks I'll
do a 90 we got big you're like halfway
through Ellie oh my stop thank you
that's crazy
this crazy toy I have felt actually
really well I've gotten a lot better
today actually I got back from grocery
shopping I told you that my back was
starting to hurt a little bit but I have
been feeling pretty good lately
but Jackson how are you feeling
I've been good oh you guys just keep
flying feeling okay all in the blood for
us say good night say good night
take a nice Superman
