good morning guys holy cow all I have to
say is last night was probably one of
the craziest nights of my entire life we
had so much wind it was insane
like 80 mile-per-hour winds and it was
just like blowing against our house I
could hear like branches breaking it was
so loud it was insane I want to show you
this look at all this drift look at that
like that's the ground and that's the
snowdrift isn't that insane
like last night I could not sleep I was
up until 3:00 in the morning because the
wind was so loud hey Ellie I'm gonna go
work out that's right I'm gonna go work
out I'm gonna go with my brother-in-law
Joel we're gonna try out a new gym in
our town and see what we think and go
from there holy cow it's so Indian
called without the wind chill this is
insane it's so crazy but now we're good
yeah we're at Best Buy right now we're
good morning we're gonna get Joel and
Bonnie a new hard drive for an external
hard drive so they can save more videos
right how much time oh it's something
else what else baby I feel like an
amateur bloggers Ellie Joel and I were
at Best Buy and no I blog while we're
there but when we were checking out you
know how they have that huge wall of
like gift cards and everything well the
doors opened up and all of the gift
cards flew across the store because I
win because I didn't vlog it I missed it
it was it was shown the front yard oh
yeah this morning the snowdrift was
probably like 3 or 4 feet high it's
ridiculous oh do you hear that it's that
I'm not today's a lazy day I'm not going
outside picking my nose lazy day it was
good it was good I definitely liked it
it was fun it's a different type of
workout it's circuit training it's not
like a gym a normal gym so I'm I think I
might keep going with it I did a free
trial they gave me a free trial so I'm
gonna see if I keep liking it I don't
know what do you think of the milkshake
it's good and it's it's like a
post-workout shake it's a recovery drink
and it's like cheaper than Jamba Juice
and it's really good yeah I really like
I should go to the gym you should maybe
I'll give you a free pass and be like
listen my wife wants workout too can she
come along don't think you know I guess
you can but just remember she's pregnant
I'll let you work out over Kelly
I work out hey I know I'm still in my
pajamas but I said it was a lazy day but
I had to show you guys I don't think I
have seen a double yolk since I raised
chickens when we had when I had my
chickens growing up I would see double I
met another breath I just walked down
the stairs and since I have my chickens
I would have double yolks all the time
the eggs were big double yolks I had
green eggs brown eggs
lots of eggs but I just cracked eggs to
make lunch there's a double yo it's just
like those memories flood back and you
just can't help but smile so that
definitely made me smile so anyway I'm
excited to eat I make it ham eggs and
toast for lunch because oh do you guys
ever do this this is why I'm making it
and looking on my fridge and before I go
grocery shopping for January I want to
eat and get rid of everything my fridge
but I don't well on my hand to go to
waste because that was goober expensive
so I'm trying to like heat up remake all
this stuff that's my fridge so that it
doesn't go to waste so yep so we're
eating for lunch and probably dinner as
well sure is trying to get a picture of
our snowdrift that came in last night
look at our area oh my goodness that's
got to be at least three feet that's
insane
I still cannot believe this wind it's
like a wave shall we go surf it I think
we're gonna take Jackson's one-year
pictures tomorrow and maybe we should
put them in front of it or something
mm-hmm would you know about breakfast
for lunch
breakfast for lunch breakfast for dinner
breakfast for every meal I have to hand
it to Ellie we have had this ham since
Christmas Eve and every meal has been
amazing like talk about extreme
leftovers this is extreme makeover
leftover the
this is awesome and the ham has been
amazing well thanks
it definitely has been worth the price
for sure because pigs are expensive say
mama mama
good job now you can play in my makeup
cabinet yesterday I posted a picture of
me and an outfit and makeup that I did
for my New Year's Eve look and a lot of
people were shocked about my belly
they're like no so sometimes you guys
can't tell them the Box cuz it's most of
my face so I'm gonna show you what my
belly looks like so this is I just like
I bought leggings on their tank top but
there's my belly I'm 18 weeks today
today I'm 18 weeks and I definitely am
growing you could totally see that bun
holy moly babycakes look at that you
could totally see that bump so anyway I
wanted to show you guys because maybe
not all of you follow my other channel
or maybe you don't have Instagram so I
do have a belly I do have a big growing
belly 18 weeks and I think it's crazy
it's so crazy
I'm so excited to have two boys Jackson
is just he's just such a good baby like
you're just such a good boy I think it
would be so fun to have two boys like
how Jackson plays with Boston and they
wrestle and buy each other this is gonna
be so fun hey who came to say hi who
came to say hi you got your friend
remember last time when these boys got
together and they were playing and
kissing well I think Boston's over that
now Jackson just tried to kiss Boston
and Boston totally slam shucks
but it's okay we forgive huh the boss is
just like going to town playing Oh
Jackson was supreme with you Jared is
playing online online jared is playing
online and he is streaming right now and
I'm getting my trash picked as what's
happening and and he's just about
wrapping up and everybody let me focus
everybody is saying hi and it's
someone's birthday happy birthday oh how
fun there's a couple of birthdays today
hi mica cider Lily
so this is really fun Bonnie and Joel
stop by I think we have something to go
pick up so we need to use their drivers
please stop by but we're just hanging
out for a minute for cherry goodbye why
don't you have you open this up but not
filming I'm kind of freaking out right
now guys 100,000 subscribers that's more
than double the size of a packed Roman
Coliseum and more than ten times the
number of people have set the human
Domino world record we understand the
dedication and talent it takes to reach
a hundred thousand YouTube viewers we
want you to know that we don't take your
achievement for granted you deliver the
audience now we're delivering the reward
to commemorate your milestone of a
hundred thousand YouTube described
subscribers please except for our
congratulations this silver play I am
grateful because I'm doing it for dig
near two years now I think in March it's
two years I am so proud of you ready
yeah congratulations Ellie and Jared 100
thousand this is so cool
the office thank you guys oh this is so
cool that is so cool my god does me a
lot because honestly like a Barney can
can tell we are so grateful for like our
family too because it is kind of scary
to like start out and put it all out not
everybody agreed and was for it and it
was kind of hard for Jared and I to get
in into starting the youtubes and to
share our story and so really thank you
for watching thanks for continuing to
watch then now we have this to shove it
in our family's faces
I'm kidding we love you just saying that
like that I'm just saying not everybody
supports what you do so if you want to
do something that's wholesome and fun
and makes it that's fun do it like it's
worth it what would you do if you
weren't afraid ask yourself and if you
know the answer do it what's stopping
yourself right now
figure out what's stopping yourself fix
it didn't and you know what you're
afraid to do and what would you do if
you weren't afraid are you afraid to go
to the gym because you're worried about
what people you don't have to bring me
into this are you free are you afraid to
like go to school because I don't know
if just anything it's just a hope my
make a commitment and stick to it you
guys can do it I believe in you that's
cool thank you
hey where do you go huh
oh my gosh literally Jared I thought he
was still playing in there you snuck up
the stairs I did not even hear him I
grabbed the camera I you ain't got the
camera I saw him play in the toy closet
I went and grabbed the camera I was
gonna show him and say good eye and he
bucked it upstairs Jax is so quiet and
sneaky that was a quick hide
where is he awesome Jackson well I think
today was a very fun event 'fl day don't
you honestly I feel like I felt like
today just felt refreshing look he
always points to George Hill Pat George
watch he's so soft with George huh
you're so soft is Boston teaching you to
hit kisses give George a kiss oh I think
today was a great day honestly it felt
good
Jarrid worked out I cooked we picked up
we cleaned we're just really fine we got
our play but I play by rush I was so
excited your heart just like races oh
yeah that's a huge thing for us I'm
really excited yeah so thank you for
that guys yeah seriously can't say it
enough and Jackson we should probably
thank you because you're just you know
you're just a beauty behind all of this
you're the Cutie behind all of this you
are you are you and babycakes it's just
so fun but thank you guys so much for
watching today I hope that you guys have
a good night and that you are happy and
doing well oh now I'm not anyway thank
you guys for watching we'll see you
tomorrow bye
