good morning guys I have to show you
something real quick look right here in
our bathroom can you see all those
icicles
I missed shower you know it was like wah
wah look at all those icicles and so we
are gonna go run a few errands today and
it is high winds I kind of am debating
if we should even go out the winds are
really high so Jackson you have on your
hat to keep you warm mama found her her
hat last night don't put your hand out
Stuart weiners
keep it on okay Jackson doesn't want to
wear his hat but we would have been
twinners if you would put your hat on
you're staring at my hat look oh yeah
now we're two others one important thing
about setting goals is you have to make
an action plan so I want to start
working out more I really don't want to
be one of those guys who starts working
out on January 1st but that's kind of
how it is it's how New Year's
resolutions work I really don't want to
be one of those new guys in the gym what
you need to do though is you need to
make an action plan an action plan is
super important in keeping and making
your goals oh hey buddy you're climbing
up all the stairs how's it going one
thing that I want to do today is I'm
gonna go to a couple gyms and see and
compare the differences between them so
that's what I'm gonna do while Ellie
hangs out here she has something up her
sleeve that she wants to do I'm not sure
if she's gonna talk about it right now
but Ellie are you gonna talk about it
today I think she's gonna talk about
today but I'm gonna go to the couple
gyms see what they have to offer and
yeah that's it Jack yeah Jackson has
been standing there for at least 7
minutes watching : and Katie and games
he's just staring he seriously has been
sitting there forever so we decided to
postpone our errands until Jackson's
second nap because we've had a slow
going day so I'm trying to figure out
all the tools and supplies that I need
to buy for my
project but I wanted to share with you
guys I think her I think crystal is the
one that sent us this so I wanted to
read it to you guys because it fit
perfect with our little life it says
life is like a camera focused on what's
important capture the good times develop
from the negative and if things don't
work out take another shot and normally
I mean there's only a few things that I
really really like them this is
definitely one of them because one it
applies to our life but it's just so
true because it's like focus on what's
important and capture the good times
Jared and I have a lot of good times and
we like to capture you can come here and
we capture them what have you thought
the grip and Jared a night we try and
focus on the positive we try and focus
on the gun and we have arguments it's a
natural thing right happens no no we
don't we don't have arguments we don't
you know that we never fight never but
really like there are like just the
other night we were we were we weren't
fighting and screaming and yelling but
we were having a discussion and I agree
yeah we disagreed we were talking about
you know conventions coming up and what
ones we go to what ones we don't and you
know do can we afford certain lunch
should we go like you know just certain
things and it was like one of us was
saying let's go one of us was saying I
don't think so and you know it's like we
have disagreements we argue but it's not
like we're gonna pull a camera out in
the middle of an argument and be like
listen to this argument but we do we
have arguments but I am glad that we
focus on the positive we capture the
good well the thing that always happens
too is we always come to a resolution we
always come to an agreement together
it's not something that the same day you
know it's not like one of us has said no
no no no in other words yes yes yes we
come to a resolution that's good for
both of us yeah and that's important and
I don't think we ever go to bed or what
hours pass and we're upset and I mean
something every couple is different some
couples that works for them but we we
are not the type
a few hours go by and we're still upset
so we just we like to figure it out
solve it and move on with life most of
all I mean I just don't like sleeping on
the couch whatever
I've never slept on the couch I think
there was one time that Jared moved to
the couch and then like 3040 minutes
later he came back into this and he said
I didn't get married to sleep on a couch
I'm sleeping in bed let's get this fixed
and we solved we solved are looking at
Jackson well yesterday I just wanted to
I just wanted to share that I guess
we're going outside
we're braving the wind it is hi
you guys are cab yeah I need to get out
now what are these called bomber hats or
trapper hats is there a traveler is
there a difference because I've heard it
both ways maybe it's both Kate Jackson
Jared first stop in my DIY project for
Jackson's birthday
Joanne Brooks let's go pick out some
fabric so your friend hi get me out of
this seat belt contraption oh look at
you go look see how do your friend hi
oh he loves this okay
Jared finally huh we're making some
progress we've had a few a few hiccups
but this totally reminds me of your pole
vaulter
speaking of Pro vaulting and fitness 20
feet
I think Jared found a gym membership I
think he may go tomorrow for the first
time
so he kind of did a pouty face today
those really like high-pitched noises
but who does right that was kinda nice
to me I'm trying to get a picture
Jackson what we do to try and make our
kids
thank you little I'm gonna make you
squeal like a piggy say mama say mama
mama do you see Mexico surprised we're
going to Mexico my mom is my dad drove
down to Arizona to visit my aunt my aunt
Sonia is my mom's youngest sister and
she was I love all of my aunt's but she
was a very special aunt because I grew
up with her kids and we played we had so
much fun and she was just the aunt that
was always down the road and she is not
doing very well she's had cancer and
she's doing a lot of heavy heavy
treatment with chemotherapy and she's
coming up on a really big surgery and
Jackson is just sleep happy he's and my
mom and dad are down there visiting her
so I've been thinking about my parents
and I've been thinking about my aunt and
her family a lot lately so I just I
don't know lots of kisses well wishes
and prayers sent her way but
no we think a lot of them right now and
we're hoping everything will turn out
well and I think that is our vlog are we
gonna end the vlog right now right now
in this time and situation in place and
event yeah I think it's time to end the
vlog I think we've I tweeted up today
speaking of our goals from yesterday I
find it out today that I should have
added one more goal that I wanted to you
know how I like to listen to your
biscuits the podcast yes I have a goal I
want to be on your biscuits with a rhett
and Link that would be so cool and also
a lot of you guys to ask from when we
were doing the Just Dance on Twitch what
our twitch name was or what my twist
name was it's just Jared Meachem so
twitch TV slash Jared Miko is art yeah
we should do that again my channel
so cut thanks so much for watching did
you tell him about what we're doing the
project are you just kind of leaving a
man I just I think I want to get it
going before I say what I'm gonna make
because Levi you guys are you probably
know what I'm gonna leave a comment down
below if you guys think you know what it
is and tell us what you think okay I'll
be fine okay I'll tell ya I just I want
to get a couple things going first but
okay thanks for watching have a
wonderful day make sure to hit that
thumbs up button and we'll see you guys
woman
naff done whoo Amanda bye say boy come I
can't see my cap I can water upon ro
