happy Sunday everyone how are you today
Jackson however you can use my are you
being bashful that's so cute
happy Sunday everyone and you know what
that means it's a one-take Sunday where
we do all of our entire vlog in one take
no and it's just one take sometimes we
don't know what to say so many times we
get it and sometimes we do because
sometimes we say silly things like
Ellie's in the potty and we don't really
want that in the shop or something like
yesterday's vlog are you mad about that
I was not happy but we're good now but
it's let's go baby you don't want you to
bring it up ooh so you probably noticed
that we took the tree down I cry the day
that I take the tree down
I want the season to last we will keep
the spirit going all year-round but
usually we keep the decorations out
until New Year's but I felt like today
we had a really good day to you know
clean up to start fresh to start new to
get things going for 2015 and that's
kind of what we want to talk about today
it's 2015 we are going to we have had a
baby in 2014 let's see if we can make it
three and make three babies in 2016 I I
think it'll be really fun for these two
and me and you oh I can't tell you how
excited I am to have two little boys
running around this place it's gonna be
fun do you know that you're gonna have a
little brother can you even comprehend
that is this your plan it was that your
plan in heaven to start torturing us
with cuteness is that what you're doing
or maybe it took so long to get Jackson
because they were up in heaven fighting
or playing and saying no you go first
no you go first okay you go I'll just
cut right
is so funny I I think that's true I
think we do things like that up in
heaven before we come here I just think
you know it's just fun to think about
but we want to talk about goals today
and Ellie and I have sat down separately
that's important to know and we have
written down goals that we want to focus
on for 2015 and I want to share with you
guys because there's certain things when
you set goals that you need to do if you
wanted to make a good hearty true goal
that you want to keep up with there's a
few things that you need to do first
thing have fun with it okay
second thing is you need to be smart
about making goals now smart it's like
an acronym well just I'll explain why
don't I sit down next to you and I'll
explain this now smart hmm with SMART
goals you need to be specific you can
have a specific goal it doesn't have to
be it can't be vague or anything like
that has to be specific - it has to be
measurable it has to be something that
you can measure and and regroup and see
how your progress is going has to be
attainable something that isn't
far-fetched something that you can
actually do and some of my goals might
not be that you'll see why here this I
got to stretch yourself
oh yeah stretch yourself that and
attainable you know gets there it has to
be relevant it has to be something that
you you it betters yourself something
that you makes you want to do home feel
bad
yeah relevant has to be something that
is in accordance with what you want to
become what you want to go to and then
the last thing smart Smar t is
time-bound you have to put a end goal on
what you want to achieve that goal so
you have something to go towards so that
is how you can be smart with your
yeah so but I think goal-setting
I think is a lot of fun too because I
think the biggest thing is you're making
yourself better by making and achieving
those goals at least that's what I want
to do is I want to make myself better
than I was the year before I'm in 2014
it's been a lot of fun it's been awesome
I mean has been several life changes
like huge life changes that we've had we
had Jackson we had a totally different
job we had a totally totally different
place that we live in now like lots of
big life changes that we've had and I
think 2015 while there might not be as
many life changes is gonna be a lot of
changes in what we do every single day
so Ellie why don't you tell us what your
goals are from your stuff my goals um so
one of our okay I'll just go I want I
think one of our biggest things that we
need to work on this year is definitely
we have been slacking on and I say we
but I mean I but this is kind of a
family thing I would like to do is work
on family prayer more I'm actually at
night at bedtime
have our family prayer would we wake up
have our family prayer and spend quality
family time together because sometimes
you know we go to bed and you know Jared
edits and I get Jackson to bed and then
I go to bed so I would like to try and
spend more quality time together
um I would like to make a goal for
myself I've been doing really good at
doing home-cooked meals lately we
haven't been going out to eat half as
much as we used to and so my goal is to
get a good set recipe base set up for me
um another one of my goals is this past
year I have put I don't know I already
loaded all the past year I have put a
lot I am sorry it's okay it's it's just
I can tell you I'm gonna start crying -
don't worry put a lot of patience and
love towards Jackson I think I've been a
very patient mom and I wouldn't have
changed anything this past year
but with that I have allowed myself or
it's just happened to be that I have put
less patience and thus look towards
Jared like I just have a hard time
figuring out like how do you keep
because it's like I don't know how I
mean I cannot surprise a hardest part of
being a mom is that all of it is going
to my son and so I'm having so I just
have to learn to balance it so that is a
goal is to be more patient and
communicate better with Jared roeser's I
didn't even know that okay that's
beautiful that's so cute and then my
very last one is another family thing is
a lot of times our church is recommended
to do like a family a night it's like
you sit down once a night and you do
games activities or you focus a lesson
about cries just a family time so I
would like to do um to start again and
do family nights on Monday nights and I
would like to and it doesn't have to be
anything specific maybe we can talk
about our goals for the first couple
weeks and then talk about some other
things so that's my goal that's really
good I think of it awesome Ellie
well thanks Oh Jackson public I guess
another goal is to vacuum take a seat my
friends I wrote my goals in this book
okay
this book that I have here that way I
can go back to them and reference them
ok 2015 goals for Jared Scott Mika
mm-hmm number one workout at least twice
a week whether that's a gym or here at
home I really a lot of you guys know
like I was a physically fit person I
Paul vaulted in college like I was a
collegiate athlete but now I am NOT so I
dance counts that's know it really got
it does that was a big workout but I
really really want to get back into
shape like I was before and I want to do
that for at least six months straight
I want to workout twice a week for six
months straight I want to upload two
videos or two songs on my YouTube
channel and I want to do that throughout
the entire year because I think that's a
good goal that's going to help me
develop musical talent
two videos in one month it's two videos
a month you got it I want to volunteer
to help others at least one time per
month whether that's community service
church calling or like a service project
that we want to do now when I was
talking about attainable I think this is
the one that I was I want to minimize my
dr. pepper intake Oh two drinks a week
uh I need your guy's help with that one
I need the motivation I will put faith
in you I should not have made that face
I got a faith in you thank you I need
your support more than anyone else okay
my next goal is I want to compliment
someone every single day whether it's
you weathers checks and whether it's a
complete stranger I want to give out
more compliments every single day I like
this one a lot I want to kiss my wife
before falling asleep and right when I
wake up I want it to be the first thing
I do and the last thing I do is I want
to tell my wife I love her and kiss her
on her beautiful mouth now can we keep
going well yeah well can do that later
and then I like this a lot is I want to
read or listen to at least one book a
month I've been listening to the hungry
games a lot but I'd really like to start
doing like non-fiction books like
Stephen Covey books and Malcolm Gladwell
is his name the author of like blink and
stuff and the tipping point I think is
who that is and lots of this American
life I really like listen to that it's
not really a book but I like listening
to that and ear biscuits I like
listening to ear biscuits I love
listening to things podcasts are awesome
okay and then last but certainly not
least I've mentioned this a lot before
and I really want to focus on it this
year because I think it's a very
important
I want to serve my wife and my family I
want to be selfless and I think that is
the key to success with marriage when
two people are completely selfless I've
said that if you give everything you
have
to your spouse or to your partner and
they both do it then you have only room
to receive happiness if you give away
everything you have you have all the
room in the world to receive happiness
and I really really believe that and I
really want to focus on that this year
and that's kind of the one goal that I
have that's not really under the smart
settings but it's something that I want
to focus on every single day is our
happiness and to do that I need to serve
you more and and be there for you more
and so that's a goal that I want I love
you so I'm excited for both of our goals
so I have all of these written down here
in my book we're gonna go over them
often yes we will this is gonna be a fun
year we are going to be dedicated and
we're excited and just try to better
ourselves and and and you guys have to
keep us accountable this is something
that we are doing together and we want
you to join on the ride we're excited
for good don't yell at Jarrod if he's
drinking PAH but that's why I set these
goals maybe I'll do three a week well
that's what's good about goals is you
know if you get if you go a couple weeks
and write crap I can't do this then
refocus but thank you guys so much for
watching you guys RV this was fun to sit
down this was fun and we want to wish
you guys a very Happy New Year I know
it's not New Year's and we're gonna say
this a few more times but thank you so
much for the support that you have given
us throughout the past year 2015 it is
gonna be awesome and we cannot wait for
it I can't either so thank you guys for
watching we'll see you tomorrow in the
next video it's monday fun day and it's
gonna be great okay see you tomorrow bye
