are you dougie can you give you Daphne
kiss kisses this is MA oh jeez you're
good kids good morning from our bathtub
guys we are taken aback or Jackson is
taking about with his little duckies but
we kind of have had an interesting
morning I've been blowing snot rockets
all day I think I have like a little
head cold I've had a lot of pressure the
last few days in my head so that kind of
stinks and then literally stings cuz
look my elbows on the toilet all right
everyone in this house is getting baths
but mom Jackson I don't think likes the
new shower curtain because now he's like
what's that noise what's that noise you
like dad get ready to go so one thing I
did this holiday season is I
participated in the world's largest
Secret Santa gift exchange and it's on a
website called reddit
I sent my person that I sent a gift the
microphone that we used to record the
song my CEO Santa wanted to start voice
acting so I sent him a microphone
similar to the one that I have there was
a super-sweet deal and I think I got
like 60% off so I was like perfect send
it his way give it to him but I just got
my Secret Santa gift that's someone said
to me and I'm gonna open up here real
quick here let's read the note first of
course
Jared merry merry Christmas to you I am
a I'm a fan of your YouTube channel okay
I hope you can enjoy this gift I'm
looking forward to baby number two give
Jackson a hug for me he's the cutest
enjoy your holiday season Victoria oh
that's so funny
Victoria that is so funny that is so
nice of you that's so cool
and then here is the gift I'm gonna open
this bad boy up hahahahahahaha
le no I can't show you Alice she's gonna
potty
yeah le look what we got looking look
who we got it's funny it's funny
Victoria that is so awesome
Ellie and I are gonna enjoy this so much
we're gonna have so much fun with this
thank you so much
Ellie don't be mad at me she's mad at me
cuz I was vlogging I didn't show
anything it's not like they can see
anything there's a wall between us
Victoria that was so sweet of you thank
you very much and a merry Christmas to
you what are you doing
ready one two ready play it doesn't even
these things I love your little laugh
your laugh is the best your laugh is the
best your laugh is the best one two
three oh you boys I love you I love you
good morning sunshine you are are you
eating socks already give those to me I
told you run sake - oh that's a safe
come here
nope you had to turn around you did
earlier
turn around come on good job
turn a little further good come you can
do it yay I am so proud of you
good job up Jackson
no can't officially go down the stairs
he could go down the stairs but he now
knows he has to turn around and he
learned that this morning it was so fun
me and him were going up and down all
morning and I kept saying turn around
turn and I think he's finally getting it
I am seriously like a proud mom Oh bunk
bunk
alright so dad okay let's go downstairs
buddy come here Jackson come on come
here
yeah like I should teach him that had no
turn around this is how you go down the
stairs turn around turn around
look come on Jarrod's nervous even he's
doing it shouldn't eat stuff like haha
come on yeah yeah come on come on yeah
you're scared yeah yes good yeah yeah
that's my boy oh that's so wonderful
we officially have moo moo cow blown up
and Jackson has doesn't want anything to
do with them look Jax you can sit on it
can we help you all dine this just like
that good time don't you talk back and
forth Oh Kate give McHale kiss oh yeah
give him a kiss no good will rock on him
lots later say mama say mama do you want
the if you want the bottle you gotta say
mama a little bit much
say mama I swear every time we turn on
the camera he stops doing he just said
it like five times in a row
mama mama mama he's like give me the
bottle you say you'd give nothing good
job
bribery never hurts right except for you
teach our kid that you say mom when you
eat are you ready to do this are you
ready for the challenge let's do it
let's just dance that's good let's just
did just good that's what I said oh man
smokin mama half your MC Hammer fan guys
we are playing on the Xbox we're gonna
go live on Twitch so you guys can watch
us if you guys follow me on Twitter and
everything we're gonna go live on Twitch
and we're gonna stream us dancing
hilariously and awesomely if you're in
the case of Ellie because she's a
professional dancer on the side I'm
surprised you guys didn't know that
she's a professional dancer I actually
think Jared's better than Wes that's
lots of dance floor design now I said I
only like 30 minutes that good no I
think we'll probably be tired by then
but we're just gonna stream it and we're
gonna go from there so cue the dancin
wait real quick wait that's what we were
doing this now Oh
let's go this is everybody that's
chatting hey guys what's up love outfit
Jared do Katy Perry Oh that'd be fun hi
hi hi everybody on twitch said that me
and Jared should do the web does the Fox
say so we are going to attempt to do
that we'll see how it turns out I can't
do
Oh praying mantis
all righty guys that was a workout
indeed what do you think idea how does
it work out that was so much fun I
actually made me motivated to start like
being more active stay with that game
that you played that one January first
it's a new year make your goals what's
your goal do you know yet we'll talk
about that maybe tomorrow that's that'll
be a good thing is have a video just
about goals but we're streaming live on
Twitch right now and everyone in the
comments is saying hey let's focus hey
twitch family god Ellie and Jared that's
awesome you guys are so awesome coming
in and joining us on the live stream
we're having so much fun good night from
silica oh yeah oh they're foreign like
rain Ellie you guys are making a join
okay thank you guys so much for being a
part of this I definitely got my sweat
game show us your best dance move right
now that's good okay my best dance move
that's gone by
