they always find each other play
good morning guys say good morning
Jackson good ok guys
guess where we are going we've got snow
suit after snow suit lined up glove
after glove and a shoe and Bonnie called
me this morning and said that her and
Joel and the kids they were driving it's
about an hour away and it's like a
little hayride and you can see I don't
even know animal shoes telling me like
it was really cool so the scenery is
beautiful so then my brother and his
wife Emily and cute little caters I
think they're going to meet up with us
too so I think like half the whole fam
family is gonna come so we're gonna go
on this fun little hayride Jared you're
making me someone I am making you so
much now I have a question how do you
feel now that Christmas is over um I
don't believe it's over okay so tell me
I believe that you keep the spirit with
you all your life
ah no no no I well that's the sweetest
thing I've ever heard
no I thought kind of got a cheesy no
let's see if you can do it it's hard to
do sometimes what I meant was it doesn't
feel over I mean the tree is still up
the the spirits in the air we're having
fun with family Joel doesn't have to
work today so we wanted to go out and do
something fun so we are getting all
bundled up jared is giving me a peanut
butter and jelly sandwich you can't go
wrong with PB&J classic PB&J peanut
butter and jelly so we're getting
Jackson the jelly sandwich and then
gonna feed them some carrots
so let's bundle up I think we're gonna
be there all day like it's gonna be an
all-day thing so cuz it's an hour away
our back takes forever to do it gotta
eat dinner so this is gonna be a very
fun day jared is not happy if we go on a
drive that's longer than 30 minutes
because he gets to listen to hunger
games he is loving it I really am
and I really think like I should start
listening to more audiobooks because I I
love the stories but I don't like to sit
down and read it's true under summer I
think it's kind of refreshing because
sometimes like we're on our phones a lot
or we're just like talking a lot
sometimes it
good delight sit and just listen to the
book Inc and imagine yeah it really is
kind of fun but I meet my peanut butter
and jelly sandwich I had Jared put it in
a little bag because I'd have time I was
feeding Jax and I was like put in a
baggie and I'll eat on the way so it's
kind of fun sitting here eating a
sandwich and listening to a book don't
forget your lunch did you get your snack
pack I love snag for X you don't pack me
a snack get any chips I think it's your
snack pack
look at those matches imma show my good
sisters see the river you Christians oh
yeah Wow as I hit the camera on the huh
Windom look at those frosted tree
recites a poem he wrote oh it's
beautiful
kvr here look at all those people look
at those beautiful horses it shows your
fault
whoa very grateful your hairs all myself
most of our siblings Jackson's up under
gone we've got Buster room haters
cookies your hi Bonnie what animals are
over there I'll beat the elk so we're
gonna go on a carriage ride cashews
these horses Werner oh they're beautiful
hi guys hi
they're so beautiful they are my mom and
your mom would be in baby in heaven
right now are you guys excited are you
excited yeah
haters she just woke up you excited oh
you are good I didn't know this is so
fun this is so fun we've got two awesome
horses pulling us
and look look right over here look oh
all those out he excited to be hard yeah
did not record it cuz it's so much gonna
be a job anyway don't you get Jackson Q
are you looking at the L see that oh
crap amiko would love this look at this
out look you can you can see that did
you guys see the help buddy feed you
like uh uh huh so our guide was just
telling us that these elk have different
types of hair one for you know keeping
them warm in the wintertime and another
over the top that keeps them dry from
like rain and snow and so it could be
like negative something that's heavy
water totally fine but this area all
this area over here is like they are
free to migrate they're free to roam
around they can come and go as they
please but they just have lots of food
here so they like they like to come here
well there's lots of they just have the
grass here that all these out come and
eat at and you said that if it smells
I'd be like three hundred more and
there's not like five hundred elk here
right now it's crazy there's so many and
they're just hanging out I don't know
hey do you like it you have him fun he's
been looking out this way I really like
the elephants watching tamale it over
there do you have a Boston voice hey
when you blog that you say like oh yeah
Boston when he says something he's a
voice from I'm still trying to figure
out what Weiss I want to use for that it
ends up always being high-pitched yeah
whoa winner right yeah we seen Mike
coming in oh thanks for the ride there's
a fun educational little ride thanks for
inviting us bond it was fun of God
everyone came it was nice moving
everybody here there's Cody playing in
the little whoa I don't know how he's
not knocking the wind out of him he
probably is
there's cater she's gonna go play the
cousins the full-blown wrestling ring I
know it looks like a little wrestling
match but I have to show you guys
something my mom got me this snow outfit
when I was in high school and the pants
I mean I've gotten a little bigger but
not much and the pants a boy so I'm kind
of tight but now I officially know
they're really tight oh we do
probably like it's like I cannot button
them up like so next you ain't gonna
have to have new maternity or not
maternity veggies no fans no next time
you have to have vigorous enough fans
because I couldn't fit into these even
before I got pregnant so what are these
for yeah they don't really fit me we
just got back from the hardwood ranch
how is it Hardware hard hard we're in ok
we just got back from the hardware in
and it is cold outside I think was like
20 degrees we just got into our
apartment it's actually pretty cold in
here too so we to warm things up we got
the fire going here so get high man
touch it yeah we got to make sure the
kids don't touch that parkas that fires
hot Olivia doing a warm up by the fire
don't touch it but it's very hot don't
touch it can you feel the heat what why
not you can't feel how warm oh wow
that's so oh is that warmer hahaha
she's like it's not warm and look what
you can call but I'll show you what is
warm I'll show you what is warm Papa
John's oh we're just talking about baby
names and everything and what we have no
idea but Emily and Beau are pregnant and
they're they have a few ideas so I
wanted to ask Kate what's what - mommy's
tummy who's in mommy's tummy baby Henry
say it again Oh doesn't she sound like
Minnie Mouse say something just say
anything
no should put that on repeat and that
will be the vlog for today
are you excited are you gonna kiss his
head yeah ladies on them welcome to the
main event we have Joel in this corner
and beau in this corner we've got the
two Red Rider racers and true blue
through and through the point of the
game you see the bumpers on the sides
hit your opponent's bumpers to launch
the Bell hasn't rung yet beau sorry
about that but one point the bow on your
marks get set go off roading hey round
two
go
oh all right Cody and Olivia let's see
what you guys have oh he's hanging on
he's hanging on by a thread he's hanging
on my head he's - they always find each
other dad see Rooney Foster Rooney they
always find each other and play are
playing Jackson guys that was cute
good grief you've got presence all over
hugging and and who put that our Jackson
family gather round to gather around the
fireplace today let's sit around the
fireplace Jackson Jackson that's hot
Don't Tell hot very hot ouch I'm not
purple hey guys um we just wanted to say
thank you for watching we wanted to say
thank you as well I said we haven't had
a chance to like sit down and say thank
you for everybody with your wonderful
sweet words of you guys all
congratulating us on art day oh I'm so
excited for baby boy could you see him
his little bump in there I'm so excited
this is gonna be so fun are you excited
to be a big brother a big brother is
gonna be a big brother seeing him with
his cousin's is so dinky it was so much
fun especially that one clip of Boston
and Jackson playing that is awesome love
that say goodbye Jackson Jackson say bye
bye bye bye bye we just bumped heads and
he's thinking about it there we go
bye goodbye guys
