Merry Christmas Jackson I'm ready to see
what Santa brought yeah hmm come on
let's go
look Jackson come on he doesn't even
notice look at all these gifts Oh
oh my goodness champagne yes it's okay
whoa big one for you
or is it for Mama what do you want to
open it right now wait she over now
she's like ice yet and I like it
what do you think buddy what are you
thinking cuz that's so fun what Oh these
let's see what's on the other side he's
gonna be here all day he's gonna love
this he's gonna love this oh my goodness
look what we woke up to Ellie we have a
white Christmas we have a white
Christmas I'm gonna throw snowball at
you you're crazy it feels good look at
all that that's not very much but
supposedly we're supposed to get like
six to eight inches today it's supposed
to be a pretty big Blizzard up in the
mountains I guess they're supposed to
get like anywhere from a foot and a half
to two feet so we might have to go
skiing hey guys normally we don't often
gives first we do stockings but I want
to Jackson to open one gift so you go
get the stocking okay I'll go get
Jackson and baby Meachem baby boys
stocking so this one's Jackson's and
this one's baby Meachem that's yours
right there that's your stocking oh my
god some more musical instruments you
think you know a giraffe oh that's just
like all the other ones that we have I
mean like the other the the good quality
thing is this is for our baby boy he got
a little gift oh wait a second he got an
elephant does that mean that's the
animal of choice
I guess here is his little elephant on
heel a little elephant ooh hope you'll
play with brothers elephant like a
brother cam he's not here yet to yell at
you you need to make sure that all those
toys are taken very well taken care of
Oh Merry Christmas buddy well he was
playing with that toy and he would not
get off of it
I think that's awesome he just loved it
all right Jackson let's see your moves
shake those hips shake those groups
shake shake
come on Shakira let's see it man yeah
eating it is just as fine - I want you
to do your sucking first and I have a
few things in them okay
and I don't think it necessarily matters
to order but I want you to order some of
them first okay I got my knife right
here mom I've got my pocketknife right
here don't you even worry
and they're not broken when they don't
leave that gunk in my food scraping the
sides there's a lot yeah there's a lot
of of a mess this is great I love this
cake keep going there's more in there
any I want you to open the next one
way oh wait wait you he likes that
yeah I thought it was kind of big but I
think you'd like it I love it I should
wear it right now with my rope yeah that
is so cute there's a lot in here hmm I
hope you like this one a whoo stop knife
right yeah thank you
it's just one but we're gonna build
start building it up we need a good
knife set so this is we this is the
start of the journey to a really good
knife set is a good kitchen wait there's
more in there
there's two more oh those are so did you
put on your own that is so cute you like
that I love it did for you think did I
do okay thank you
hey Jared you're up well you can see I
can see the first one I love these oh
man look at these these are so cool cuz
I have those ones in the garage yeah all
the time but oh wow they're living are
like padding and stuff yeah they should
be pretty good
oh wow these are like multi-use you know
when you like build us something for the
new baby
when I build a crib with you oh I don't
know I'm sure I can but well I bought it
I promise that is hilarious
that's so I see y'all have to call Cole
and then do a prank honors oh my gosh
do these some of the Bartle do sauce oh
look at that
that's a cool tin yes smells nice too
I need them right now my morning breath
ah good morning good morning and Merry
Christmas Mary first Christmas son Oh
Ellie did you get this cuz I'm your nerd
you got like what I told you I was gonna
get you well no Jared Jared growing up
and it's just sometimes people have
different traditions but I thought that
was oh yes oh yes oh no these are these
are GoPro batteries GoPro GoPro GoPro
batteries I needed these so bad no I
need it does oh my god yes you can never
have too many batteries no I think
there's one one there tuck softer that's
better
can you hear me hello
we have another gift for you
c'mere come open this one this one's for
you I thought it was for Mama
but no it's whispered katytastic you
want to open it for you
let's open up or oh my gosh what is that
that paper looks fascinating doesn't it
it's like an inflatable Rolly thingy huh
let's talk about let's do it do it
should we do it right now let's set it
up right now we've got Moo Cow here
opened up and we found out that in the
box that comes with four wheels and a
needle and no pump so for moo cow is
gonna sit off to the side deflated
looking on in misery and woe until we
can find a pub to pub him huh who
doesn't he just look so sad right there
oh I wish I was inflated so I could be
with you guys look at that so love Ellie
actually Jackson I think this could be
for both of you boys you're gonna love
that
he'll probably chase them around I'm
sure you will he'll love these every
girl needs some hot pair oh they're so
brave come on now because oh my goodness
look at this I remember playing with one
of those when I was a kid when you were
his age well let's get it open you don't
know what you can do with yourself
big toys maracas teddy bears it poor
little moo-cow he is just sitting
patiently waiting like what a good boy
he knows this is for him he hasn't been
doing this with any other stuff that me
and Jared have been doing what a good
boy Jackson ha ha call grandma hello
it's for you say hi grandma say hi
grandma my god a faraway wish I could
see you today you know what
Jackson will probably never ever use a
phone like this in his entire life I
know I used to love these
I still do well I mean like I know home
phones are 108 that's crazy
I had some help with this one because I
don't know anything and you'll probably
need this well that's what you get when
you get 11 Melina oh my gosh oh my gosh
Jared Jer
oh my gosh this is amazing this is
amazing
I am dying bitten they got that in stock
shimma shimma Coco Coco Barrett
they had Coco a bear le cocoa bear creme
brul√©e mocha oh my gosh oh my gosh you
can tell you're dealing with a beauty
guru when they're more excited about
makeup than anything else in this okay
there's a good-looking guys just like
you got a lot more space for little
swatches is that what you call them once
you swatch you swatch yeah it is never
in stock look at that look at that color
oh wow that is rich that is rich Marlene
whoever she is
thank you well well Jackson plays with
all of his toys he is just going around
look at that little bug well Jackson
plays with all his toys we will finish
up what diapers is this cuz we're having
another baby
yeah are you serious yes oh my gosh and
you probably were just as confused as
than make up as I was then oh thank you
brother Matt and brother Joel oh I asked
you guys so many questions
oh my gosh ever since we got married
I have wanted a tool set cuz I have a
bunch of just like Rand random pieces
like a screwdriver you know
oh this is like it pretty one and they
had something I could do individually
and then get the bag but this actually
had pretty much everything you would
want
oh my gosh this is so cool
they could be men
Merry Christmas
they are keen boots so I can actually
wear them when it's snowing yeah and my
feet won't get cold or wet rather than
just like a snow they're kind of like a
classy snow boot right I swear I saw
something I swore I had toss them there
no I saw something what it's the 50
millimeter one 1.8 1.8 120 rehearse
refresh computertv it's a fifty
millimeter lens for the camera you are
hiding this at the tree I don't know I
just thought when I came downstairs in
the tree how long was a vent there I
don't know don't ask me since did Santa
bring us yeah I want to bought that good
thing it doesn't fall out of the tree
that would be very breakable that new
lens for the camera so does this mean I
owe is it for both of us
can I use your lens did you my makeup
tutorial how fun
Oh Merry Christmas
this is so fun just having Jackson here
it's the best gift ever I'm so excited
for this well deflated moo-cow here's
the aftermath of a wonderful Christmas
Jackson do you have a good Christmas
look he's coming to look at the Moo Cow
well a little moo-cow I had a good
Christmas did you
oh yes Jared I had a wonderful Christmas
but you know what what's that move how
I'm gonna feel so much better when I'm
inflated Merry Christmas oh hey Merry
Christmas Jackson your first Christmas
ever
and it's starting to snow yeah we're
having a white Christmas isn't that
great you know what this means Ellie
we have to go sledding today hey let's
go Jackson is a lovingness he's going
back toy to toy to toy he's gone playing
with these he's gonna play these little
brothers elephant he goes to play at
this he's just gone in the circle this
is so fun to just watch him sit and play
so while Jax is taking a nap I thought
it'd be really cool to play a video game
that I got from some people but
apparently I just checked online some
hackers have taken down the PlayStation
Network and Xbox Live so I know
seriously what Grinch is so but we're
gonna wait a little bit but instead of
playing a video game I think what I'm
gonna do is I'm gonna bust these guys
out and see what these guys can do I'm
gonna race around the kitchen while
Ellie gets some lunch
yesterday no I think there's like one
bar here's the deal
choose your character do you wanna read
do you want road-rage read or do you
want true blue through and through read
for sure okay so you switch that on and
then underneath here there's an on
switch there okay now real sound effect
here's the game we have two racers and
we have two race drivers Elly is on team
red
I am Team Blue what we do is we drive
our cars around and you'll see these
little bumpers on the side here the
point of the game is to drive your car
into their bumper and knock oh he's on
that good launch the other guy off like
so are you ready to do this are you
ready to take on the challenge let's do
it
the studies position
Oh
miel it was so delicious to the taste to
talk softer and he got way that guys
look at this winter wonderland whoa look
at us no this crazy I love this no he's
a dragon said yesterday we knew that
Jackson kind of had an interesting
experience with the giraffe he with the
backpack when we put it on he's like
what was going on so we're gonna
actually put him on one hand so you got
a backpack buddy so when you go to
Grandma's house you can bring some
treats that we're getting so much amuse
now he's like I see you I know you're
there Merry Christmas volume we are at
Bonnie's house there is a winter
wonderland we're gonna play in the snow
we've got the four wheeler we've got
display we're gonna go really slow gonna
kid uncle Joel's gonna go really really
slow so we get a little ride so Jared
and then can I face Jared and then we're
going on our first little sleigh ride
daddy's facing that way and I am facing
this way so you can see we're lighter
air bags mrs. Jackson's first little
stay right oh this is so much I cannot
believe that this is so what's he do
yes in your first little snow right
there is so much snow buddy love it oh I
think Jackson like this okay Jackson you
with your cousin oh this is like the
most precious thing they won't be some
beloved Jackson's just loving sitting
there Jackson's just sitting there
Jackson you just loving this sweet boy
daddy just took his turn on the
four-wheeler and he is coming on in I'm
sure they know a lot faster than they
did with Jackson and I oh maybe I just
hopped on for the ride
Merry Christmas
kisses to you guys Jackson well that was
a lot of fun we just got off the iPad we
were video chatting with Ellie's parents
and my parents just talking about how
the days gone what they got what we got
what they're doing what we're doing you
know the usual Christmas stuff and then
what we did is we filmed a video for
Ellie's Channel just cuz it's Christmas
doesn't mean we got to stop making
videos you know what was so fun cuz we
use Jared's new present I for Christmas
got this Canon lens the 50 millimeter
1.8 it ends and I really like it because
it really is a really multifunctional
lens oh I'm gonna use a lot for pictures
but a lot for our filming and everything
so I'm just kind of testing it out I
know it's kind of a different camera
that you use for you know when people
are up close like we are right now it's
not really meant for that but I thought
I'd try it out and see like oh yeah I
think it'll be really good but it gives
a really shallow depth of field and I
like that but now we are gonna continue
on with our Christmas festivities and I
think it's time for a Christmas story
what's the story well I'm like don't
know what you're gonna say the Christmas
story is of a young man named Ralphie
and Ralphie all he wants for Christmas
is a Red Ryder BB gun I remember I got
my idea together did you shoot your eye
out
no here's a funny story this is a true
story I have a best friend his name is
Sean and Sean's little brother got a Red
Ryder BB gun for Christmas and they
thought oh this will be so much fun
let's go out into the backyard there's
an old tree house that you know no one
ever uses anymore let's shoot that just
for fun to test out the BB gun well I
think it was the first shot I don't know
I'll have to ask on on on this but one
of the shots that they took and I think
it was a first
shot the tree house literally ricocheted
and hit him right here I'm not even
joking
Sean's little brother Scott oh he did
shoot as I am he shot his eye and that
was like the funniest thing ever so Red
Ryder you you hold true to your name
that is definitely true but I think
we're gonna watch that movie what do you
think Kelly
I am glad that you still wanna watch it
I think you wanted to after we film so I
know absolutely that's the what best way
to it have Christmas is to watch a
Christmas story well Jackson tell me did
you have a good first Christmas your
very first Christmas ever was it
enjoyable to to meet your expectations
what did you think what was your
favorite toy his favorite toy was the
big square that he plays the doctor's
office box and then the maracas oh for
sure he loved the maracas I think he
liked this snow ride oh yeah playing on
the sled Jackson you're gonna have so
many fun memories of your very first
Christmas and I'm so glad we have it on
film so you can go back and look at it
but for now kiss George goodnight it's
time to go to bed okay George is creepy
George goodnight oh that's so nice well
guys I think that puts a wrap to
Christmas for the Meachem family it was
a lot of fun it was very special and we
had a lot of time and we talked and
thought a lot about family and their
true meaning of Christmas and we thought
a lot about you know with the true
meaning of Christmas and what how it's
affected our life especially with how
we've grown as a family the reasons why
we have Jackson the reasons why we have
our new baby boy it's so exciting and we
want to thank you for being a part of it
with us for joining in the journey with
us and and following us along on this on
this journey and we appreciate you and
we're grateful for you but
of all we're grateful for the meaning of
Christmas and that we can celebrate it
and have fun as a family and enjoy each
other's company
today's been fun
it has been so fun because we've just
been able to relax and be with each
other it's known and I love that we
played in this town today and I felt
like a kid again it was so wonderful
thank you guys so much for watching and
as always you're wonderful you're
marvelous you're amazing you're
incredible you're fantastic you're
unbelievable and you're awesome I hope
you guys had a really really good
Christmas whether you spent it with
family or at home or however you guys
celebrated it I hope you guys had a
really really Merry Merry Christmas
we'll see you tomorrow bye
