oh-oh-oh Merry Christmas
it's Christmas Eve everyone Merry
Christmas
the enemy down our baby gender should we
just go find out right now let's go just
go take a little paper no we're not
gonna do that right now we've got away
from the main event there's a main event
tonight we're gonna have a lot of fun
Jackson it's your very first Christmas
Eve are you so excited did you notice
what we put under the tree last night ah
did you see that there's some goodies
for mom and dad there do you see great
money grab I have some gifts for us ah
it's so exciting and I can't think of a
better way to start the Christmas Eve
morning than to have some wonderful
cinnamon rolls that Ellie and Bonnie
made a couple days ago I am in charge of
breakfast today so it's gonna be
wonderful an amazing incredible
fantastic unbelievable and awesome and
that means Ellie isn't charlie treasured
dinner of dinner which it's gonna be
amazing and dinner is awesome because
dinner include gender are we gonna eat
dinner and then do presents and a baby
uh-huh I think I think the schedule yes
we'll have dinner at 1 o'clock yes I
think that's right so the schedule will
go as follows everyone grab your
itineraries because if you follow along
with me I will tell you how the day will
work the day will go as follows we will
eat breakfast we will get ready for the
day we will put Jackson down for a nap
Ellie and I will kiss a little bit then
we will go out into town to get any last
things that we need I think I need to
get Ellie some Tylenol because I don't
think she's feeling very well but more
on that later and then we'll just hang
out we have some awesome gingerbread
houses let me come over here I'm going
to show you this real quick we have some
awesome gingerbread houses a gingerbread
train kit a gingerbread house kit that
we are gonna make together and we're
gonna build and it's just gonna be a
wonderful Christmas Eve day and then
we'll probably have dinner and then what
you've been waiting for
the gender-reveal which we've been
waiting for you seriously have to
in this envelope eeeh this stalking
right here is the key to a baby what do
you think Jackson
that's your sibling in there you know
that well that's where they actually are
but the representation of the gender
which maybe actually is is here Ellie
and I were talking and I was just like
what if the nurse rode down
inconclusive I would be so mad like I
would hate I'd be like what really you
really couldn't find out the gender I
don't think they would do that to us
no she told us she found it hello are
you ready for Christmas it's Christmas
Eve are you so excited what are you
thinking Ben you're probably like just
give me the bottle just give me the
bottle of no one gets hurt we are all
ready for the day
Jackson tell me what you're wearing
today oh my mind this poetry coding kid
from Old Navy it's got a some really
nice accenting pants with some red socks
and I just think it's really good for
the holidays today and yeah that's what
I'm wearing my mom picked it out for me
and I think she'd like to tell you what
she's wearing today well I am just very
a little look a little belly look at you
little baby
really oh my god I want to show you guys
there's a couple people vaster show a
detailed view my sister Bonnie got this
for me last year for Christmas and you
can buy as many little things to put in
the little locket as you want
but I just have a little foot to
represent Jackson and Jackson's little
birthstone in there but no I have I
think lockets are fun and I want to
actually start getting more lockets like
one for this baby and so far so exciting
and I am wearing an old Navy pullover
sweater thing have zip just in some
jeans and that is what we're wearing
today guess what guys we just got
something in the mail and I want to show
you something I want to show you I want
to show you this guess who it's from
Oh Brian
Brian you sent me a gift this is
probably one of the best gifts that I've
ever had given to me before this is a
Leatherman Micra and it just goes on
your keys Ellie got this for me right
before my hip surgery for my birthday
and I have had it for 21 25 years and I
love this thing I said I'm so glad that
hasn't been lost
oh it's fallen off the keys a couple
times and then we move on to airports
you'd have to tick it off oh that's the
thing is when you fly on an airplane you
have to take it off cuz there's a sharp
knife and other sharp things on here no
but my surprise they really didn't have
to do we prize should wait for tonight
to open it but you opened my gift
and I gesture no I just want often
present I'm ready yes Dada oh my gosh oh
that's like a full-blown
bag of goodies Brian a Mickey laughing
that's the wrapping job on that
Jackson essence from ollie look this is
a present from Olli
look look can you peel the paper
he says mom why don't you do it because
I don't I just want to watch oh my gosh
Lord Jackson oh he will love that oh we
got them oh oh my god you say thanks
ollie he's already playing cards Ellie
he's already playing cards my little
baby's a Mozart
that is so holy
Oh
look at this is it gonna end up English
I love it already that is so cool thank
you guys so much that was so nice of you
guys
thank you this is something that I've
been wanting to do for a while during
the month of December but I keep
forgetting so thanks to Missy for
sending this to us we are going to put
Jackson's for first Christmas handprint
into this oh let Jarrod do it euros no
matter it well it's all about fashion
cooperation yeah she had to use Hannah
is that right okay here we go
oh no she's grabbing it okay
start over back around to Peru
here we go come on just cooperate yet
flat foot flat front front front front
now why are you a baby or something
can't you hold still for a second
Jackson Jared you want me to help you
see he grabs it well considering he is
only just about one this is the best we
could get the foots pretty good that's
that's pretty great I think we got some
pretty good stuff with what we had to
work with I think that's pretty deep I
think is that little place it actually
looks better in the camera
damn time for that time
let's rile em up before he goes down for
now I won't kiss you it means a friend
that's all I've ever been I think it's
time for mommy and daddy to have a chair
dancing Jackson your and then you sing
time I'll watch you walk away beside the
lucky guy
the one who loves you soon
well you don't know me
let's see if I like this stuff I can't
see that that's not good smells good I
don't know I've never really loved that
stuff we'll see if I like it ok guys
here it is Christmas Eve dinner we've
got baked potatoes we've got honey
glazed ham well that's hot we've got
green beans salad and all the toppings
and over here do I just open up that
Martinelli's Apple grape cider and let's
pour it in there a little bit of the
bubbly Ellie a little bit of the bubbly
babycakes is good thank you so much for
preparing this meal I'm really excited
and here in just a second we're gonna
find out what the baby is are you
excited yes this is the perfect setting
look at this I am so happy right now
I have my family we've got the Christmas
tree we've got all the food ok look at
that I've got my food Ellie you've got
your food realized I didn't need to peel
the potatoes that's ok
in fact I like it better that way that
way I can just eat it I don't have to
worry about the potato peel or anything
buff you said you wanted to say
something well I wanted to say that I
really have been thinking all day that I
am grateful that you've been home with
me we have never had a Christmas Eve
together we've never had like a I think
this worth of course of July we did but
like we haven't had huge major holidays
together and our marriage because you've
always worked crazy retail hours and I'm
really grateful that you've been able to
see how it is
me you know how I like to do you know
this morning I was able to pick up and
cook and you are able to kind of see
that part of me when normally you're
working and so I enjoyed being with you
today oh thank you that makes me feel so
good I love what we do and I am glad
that I was able to see how you bring the
holiday spirit because it is here I feel
it now let's eat some food cuz I'm
hungry I'm hungry and the faster we eat
the sooner we get to find out what that
baby is I I for the first time like it
I'm I'm really nice feel emotional I'm
excited I'm so excited I'm not nervous
I'm excited that's what it is
I am so excited I am great this is such
a blessing it's such a fun way to do it
right for Christmas you ready what do
you want me to open it up you open it
and she the ultrasound tech left a
little uh I'm nervous she left a little
sticking on there so I don't know okay
are you ready yeah okay on the count of
three one well I don't like cuz I may
not know silligan all right here we go
oh my goodness oh my gosh this is so
exciting
it's a boy hahahaha Texan you're gonna
have a brother oh I'm so happy oh my god
oh my god oh my god I'm so excited
yay Oh Merry Christmas
yes hmm these two little rascals oh we
have gathered our family here today to
tell them the good news and the good
news is it's a thank you guys we're so
excited
it'll be so fun to have the boys so
close in age like we're really excited
we have dad mom bo and Lily aunt Linda
we are ready to share the news any last
guesses I'm gonna stick with the girl
although I started having doubts when
you were doing the ultrasound but
understand I'm saying hey ro you say a
girl okay well we're having it's a boy
no so now we know the gender of all the
other ones yeah so we've got three boys
coming next year
we what is your guess girls okay do you
want to keep it the same or do you want
to change it I'm not changing them
steadfast steadfast and true okay ready
yeah one two three it's a boy yeah thank
you we are so excited we could not be
more thrilled so I change your guesses
tell me what your guesses are you know
I'm here okay I'm gonna keep it all the
same a little bit do you think we're
having a boy or girl Kara
Cody do you think we're having a boy or
girl okay ready
we are having it's a boy we are so
excited we could not be more true joy oh
well actually dads like what are you
gonna name the baby I was like a girl I
had a name but now you know I'm stunned
did you tell daddy mom yeah yeah yeah
I'm stunned
is so busy you know what two boys is
seriously gonna be recognized to
everybody
yeah no we do not yeah guess what what
we watch your video a week and if we saw
you do that we just want to watch that
how many times in a row did we watched
Jerrod naked my doing her oh when it
goes I'm naked yeah how the videos are
you mean you have to watch yesterday's
is that magical that's pretty cool haha
so before we end our Christmas Eve we
are gonna have Jackson open a couple
gifts from Grandma and Grandpa and some
other people and he is gonna go to bed
because if Jackson doesn't go to bed
Santa's not gonna come he has to go to
sleep first that Santa to come
who's this frog Jax oh he's distracted
style Oh
he has a book and here I'm not
distracted look this is from us mom and
dad right yes yeah well we are the mommy
this is so oh go ahead open that Oh
start it keep going I'll help you
good job mom thank you this is for mom
and dad so now we can have more fun
Christmas book to look Rudolph the
red-nosed reindeer oh look Jackson look
at that that's so cool
you go to bed okay that's just as fried
you love that you can look at grandma's
let's see what grandma got like opium
but he's not gonna do it oh he can do it
yeah oh look at that
Jackson's a backpack for you so now you
can wear on your dad he's like where is
it
I wanted bag so you can carry all your
toys look at him he loves it
and then Uncle Nate and aunt Megan and
little Maggie cousin sent you this that
was so sweet as then they didn't even
have oh look at that look oh this is for
like all of us oh my gosh this is
perfect
grandma grandma uncle Ryan aunt Maria
and uncle Nate oh it has all that so
cute Mel oh this is why she wanted to
sell yeah should I go and look at what
ours turned out to be ah not too shabby
we look cute oh good tie for more than
Jessica
Oh Jackson oh there you are
that is so cool he will love that in
church oh yeah
but that is so cool Nate and Megan thank
you so much but guys that is our gender
our Christmas Eve for you we're gonna
say good night and we will kiss under
the mistletoe we'll see you tomorrow for
the Christmas special merry Christmas to
all and to all
