good morning guys today is a very very
big day Jackson we are going to see here
little brother or sister today did you
know that I see your little brother or
sister today and how far that stopped me
should we what stalking sure you do I
think we should do the little one just
so we can slip her right inside and we
can make a stir
yeah I think it'll be a lot of fun oh
come home and we'll put it on the tree
or something
yeah and then we'll open it tomorrow
night I am so excited we're finally
gonna get to see tomorrow aren't you
what are you thinking what's going
through your mind right now are you
nervous are you excited well Jordan I've
been talking and we're a little nervous
for our appointment only because these
appointments they're so far in between
so we haven't seen or seen the heartbeat
or anything in a while and I'm still
pretty early I felt the baby a few weeks
ago like for the first time little
flutters but I don't know we're a little
nervous but I'm really excited I'll be
relieved yeah after 11 o'clock over your
leaves but um we I decided I was like
you know today's a special day let's
wake up and go to breakfast as a family
and Bonnie's like we're gonna breakfast
on the 23rd and I was like I don't want
to can we join the party so we are gonna
take the fam family to breakfast and
we're gonna go we're gonna go to the
abuela geralt ourselves Jackson this is
the final test one last time Olivia are
you having a girl or boy
girl or boy girl girl or boy boy girl or
boy Hailee's oh boy the x-files theme
music right now
wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait
wait wait wait is our last time we did
this with Jackson that lands on the
right it's a boy that lands on the left
it's a girl
jarick and tie a knot it's a boy ready
yep two boys
boy this is the test guys this has not
proven us wrong you guys are going to be
waiting very impatiently with us because
we're all in this together we're not
finding out today we're just getting the
ultrasound and we're going to tuck that
in to stopping
Oh kisses he's like fine you don't have
to ask I'll do it
over le what did you decide to get on
the morning of our ultrasound
appointment I got Jackson's and fruit
aha he said pancakes and eggs in this
bacon is so much it's really good all
that looks so good
this is what I got don't be jealous guys
seriously oh man crepes with Nutella
what do you get Joe corn bacon hash yeah
yeah we are here just waiting and
seriously this place is so nice like
this is a doctor office look how nice it
is the epic little kid area for the kids
to play and Jackson love starring at the
fireplace
but we're just waiting in hopefully my
bladder is cold because I did drink very
much this morning here's the heart so
sorry I wasn't very oh your your
head it's good looking hard
yeah there's four chambers so I see
those this is the belly the black circle
is the stomach yeah here's the spine
right here
infections look at that bone you see
that that's the femur yeah all the hands
are by the face that's so cute look at
that face over the face right here oh my
god good looking baby okay I'm gonna
have you close your eyes and see if I
can see beating those legs I'm just glad
we saw the heart my gosh yeah I can tell
what it was I just can't get you a
picture that's okay oh my gonna baby
that's incredible see that oh my god
that face don't we live in an amazing
time
or we can get these kind of pictures
okay we we have that this is it right
here the results are right there and
that little stocking that holds the
answer for just wait and to see my
doctor and he's just good to a couple
other checkups on me but I kind of I'm
going back and forth I changed my mind
you did well as you see something no no
I'm sure I'm still guessing a girl I
kind of felt like maybe a boy in there
we don't care but it's just time
together so one of our sweet viewers
Lauren sent me a really cute letter will
us a cute letter and a magnet and the
magnet says it is not happy people who
are grateful is grateful people who are
happy and this came on the perfect day
the perfect day because our baby is
healthy and honestly I feel really
content because Jared and I once we
heard the heartbeat it was like that's
all that matters like cuz every time I
go to the doctor appointment I hate the
doctor appointments are so far apart at
least here where I am that's just how it
is but it just stings cuz it's like am I
really pregnant am i pregnant
I feel sick I feel a little flutter but
it like doesn't seem real and then you
go and you see the heartbeat and you're
like okay everything's okay so I feel
really really blessed right now I've got
the little stocking right here
the results are in there we don't know
yet we're gonna look tomorrow night but
I just feel really blessed and we are so
grateful for this baby
whether it be boy or girl we're so
grateful and honestly I just can't wait
snotty mix daughter s'en you so much I'm
gonna go at his face for life turn-ons
vice is that dinner face you just woke
over you totally cut and not talk to it
he's got his all his teeth are coming in
without top shoes come in but anyway I
don't know I just thought magnet came on
the perfect day we are very grateful and
I just I'm tickled I'm tickled I cannot
wait tomorrow is gonna be such a magical
day well I can get open you have
tomorrow
I'm excited do you think we're gonna
peek we can't pick the house to be
we can't pee if we peek we run
everything should we play mama love song
Jackson say mama on the eve of Christmas
Eve there's only one thing that I think
we should do that really brings in the
Christmas spirit we've got some nice
Christmas music going and Ellie I was
just saying the one thing that we can do
on the eve of Christmas Eve to make the
spirit real is to give me a haircut oh
right should we axe
Oh how's it go crazy let's go crazy and
wax our eyebrows in her like the whole
thing just the whole thing off yeah oh
what about our armpits yeah yeah I could
use a feel I could probably use a few -
what do you guys think I like the
Christmas music I do think it on I feel
like you're really close to mom I'm
sorry I just let you get up close to
magic one two three Nichkhun okay let's
get your hair baby well what do you
think guys obviously it's not done but I
think Ellie did a really good job she
always does a good job she's so good
it's just the length I like it but I
don't know I think it's pretty good I am
definitely starting to see more gray
hairs the more and more we cut my hair
somehow some way more gray hairs appear
and it drives me crazy so here's a
question if you get gray hair when you
do if you do are you the type of person
that will sport the gray hair and say
I'm dignified I look good with my gray
hair or you the type of person who will
diet that's what I'm trying to
you're out Ellie says sportive Jared you
look good you always do and I completely
agree no grandpa grandpa Gibbs my ass
away yeah he had the most beautiful set
of hair yeah he had all white white
white hair and it looked really good and
I think I take after him so I'm kind of
anxious to see how it turns out but I am
definitely going gray but Ellie what is
on the agenda tonight what you want to
do tonight you want the fun Jackson is
definitely teething he has been snotty
mix not ursin all day today heavens yeah
he's so cute
are you ready to find out if you're
having a brother or sister I am we find
out tomorrow
and it's because it's gonna make
Christmas Eve for you guys hasn't been
too bad like I haven't been like oh my
gosh what is it cuz we've been busy
these state knows you went into a bunch
of errands me look at that and Ellie
a little puppy you can't say that I
didn't get you a dog look I love the
black light brother guys hey I think
that I think Jer and I are going to put
him to bed yes and I think I think we
should eat some treats and watch the the
the bridge no but Grinch we need to do a
couple things we oh my
we need to kiss under the mistletoe ah
we need to watch a movie The Grinch and
we need to finish wrapping presents I
have to wrap some of your present
so I think that's what we're gonna do
tonight guys but here's what I wanted to
say as you are watching this this is
Christmas Eve for you guys and I want
you guys to know that
I want you guys to know that we want to
wish you a very Merry Christmas spend
time with family spend time with friends
be grateful be happy and know this if
you're alone there are people out there
who love you and are grateful for you
I'm sorry we love you and we are
grateful for you so if you don't hear
from anyone today
let it be from us we are grateful for
you and we love you merry Christmas from
us to you see ya
member
