Oh guys I have some bad news well first
good news it's Christmas week we find
out what we're having this week but the
bad news is is I woke up this morning
and I thought I'm gonna make me some
cinnamon rolls and then Jared goes will
join me to go to needles and buy a few
and I said no the point is is it's
Christmas and I want a home make
cinnamon rolls because it's Christmas
and that's what you do you make things
from scratch and it's festive and it's
fun and so I got read kind of I'm still
getting ready I don't even like my hair
and so I was frustrated and then
babycakes told me babycakes told me that
he or she did not want me to make
cinnamon rolls because Mama's too tired
so I cannot make cinnamon rolls today
but that was the plan so another day
when I feel more energy I will but for
now I'm going to sit on my bathroom
floor and I'm going to wait until I gain
more energy and then I'll finish my
mascara and I'll be ready for the day
so last night my computer was acting
like really strange and it has been for
the past couple days and I finally
decided this is it I have to clean you I
have to get rid of the poison that's
infecting you so I actually did a clean
install on my hard drive and it's always
so refreshing to clean up all of the
junk that's on your computer all of the
files that you're like I'm never gonna
use that ever again why did I even have
it in the first place so I just cleaned
that up but after I was making sure all
of the stuff was ready to go my video
editing program was ready Jackson just
woke up and while he was waking up and I
was feeding him a bottle mom called me
and surprised me with Bonnie and Joel
have a babysitter for all the kids and
they wanted us to go to a movie with
them so I've got to get this kid ready
for the day I've got to change his
diaper put some real clothes on him cuz
we're gonna go see a movie we're gonna
go have some fun and you're gonna go
play with the cousins are you so excited
to play with the cousins are you ready
I'm not sure if you're ready are you
ready here we go
hahahahahaha when I was feeding Jackson
this morning I couldn't it was like
still pretty dark and I was still like
just waking up but I couldn't help but
think that this giraffe was like a foot
closer than it normally is safe it was
like right in my face you all right away
I just can't help but think this giraffe
is like plotting to kill me and I'm like
just catching on to it he knows another
one's coming in the home he's worried
why's worried that he's not gonna get as
much attention but she hasn't lately
like you've seen Toy Story right and you
seen the neighbor said those toys like
don't like him
am i Syd and is this giraffatitan wants
to kill me
giraffe George I'm sorry whatever I did
I didn't mean it say it in so George
Mary you want the moon I'll give you the
moon just throw lasso around it
yeah you're cute Jared Jackson don't
worry
that's a nice draft that trap what I've
like in the middle of the night that
giraffe that why Jack Jack waking up
yeah are you waking up no let's keep
those when I get Jackson out of the crib
any points to him and he wants to go see
him or or he points to him and says that
giraffe is looking at me all funny like
it's Christmas it's snowing Oh finally
it's snowing we are at Aunt Bonnie's
house we just got back from a movie we
saw the gerund we saw the Exodus I felt
it I thought it was really good but I am
not kidding two hours away from Jackson
I just I can't handle it like I got home
and I like oh I kissed him but I just
laid them down for a nap and I cut all
to me rot but I had to show you it's no
way this no oh my gosh I love this so
much oh my gosh I love it I don't even
think the camera is picking up on how
much it's really snowing but this is so
cool Christmas is here it's beginning to
look a lot like Christmas look at all
the snow guys it's only been like 20
minutes since Ellie last filmed and
we've already got like look at all
that's crazy
the girls um Bonnie and Ellie went into
town to go grab a couple last-minute
things well Joel here is playing
handyman he's the real Tim the Toolman
Taylor he's doing something under here I
have no idea what
probably racing it cleaning up some oven
stuff and Olivia over here what are you
doing 11 you got some blue green to make
a bursary for right Jess if you make the
teal oh you're making a bird for Jackson
well let's see if we can make the tail
guys it is snowing like crazy here look
at the snow guys is it that crazy I
don't even know if you have you even
felt snow before I'm sure you have it's
really cold but let's hurry and give
Jackson just a little bit of snow and
see what he does with it Jackson look
can you see the snow what is that why so
cold you're spitting he's spitting
bubbles he's not so cold look look I
don't even care can you see it my hand
now it's on your hand set your first
experience with snow is it my surprise
he's not eating it guys so crazy yeah a
little bit it's cold it's fresh snow you
don't like it ok it's cold let's go back
inside so this morning I had no desire
at all to do cinnamon rolls but it's
something that I really wanted to do
before the holidays and Bonnie the
lovely energetic sister that she is we
were here she's like we can find from
laughs I could help you so they're
helping kids are helping the kids are
helping I'm putting I've you got the
flour and the sugar and you help touch
the stirrer yes you did and I think and
I think this is super brave of us cuz we
got the two little ones running around
and Jackson's been eating candy all I
know I found Jackson behind the couch I
was like oh he's playing where is he
brother he's right here for his usual
spot and he was sitting here playing and
I was like what's in his mouth
what's in is now he found the candy cane
of M&Ms of the kids and he was like
going to town so got him out of his
mouth he's all good now he's playing us
with big toys that he can't put in his
mouth but you
we're braving this the boys should be
home soon I think they're just finishing
some last-minute fun holiday shopping
and my mom would be proud we are barely
using any measuring cups this one
measuring cup is we are just eyeballing
it that's what we're doing eyeballing a
1 cup 1/2 a cup 1/4 CAF so yay for less
dishes and we're doing it mom style
that's what my mom raised us she's like
oh just I bought throw it in hopefully
it'll work out it always does
the time one piece at a time ok there
was once an elephant who lived in the
jungle coldly is for the trees to eat
and drink water from the clear river you
made me a present is it mine says it's
to Buster Rooney but under the tree
thanks for sharing your tree guys and
reading a story yes I was fun your good
shirt huh and sharing and giving her and
and loving one another
and good because I'm a : this one's mine
I think Boston's a good share cuz he
shares all of his stuff with me
Jackson you can't have that popcorn no
no no we've been giving Jackson some
Cheerios look look Jo cheerio
there's Arnie I want that popped I know
he's like that smells better
which it is son whoo homemade cinnamon
rolls with a little bit of pumpkin
spread this is a delectable delight that
I think my grandmother would be very
proud Ruby kind of gave us the idea for
that I know Ruby is what turns out good
Ruby stuff always turns out our sister
she's always doing different creative
stuff songs Emily she does that and
everything always turns out so I think
this will turn out it will be good
smells amazing
la la la la ha ha
haha okay we are just cutting the
cinnamon rolls with some floss don't
those look like the cutest little darn
things you ever did see
seriously mom are you proud you hit the
thumbs up button mom not the thumbs down
did you guys know that my mom has hit
the thumbs down button before and then
she gets nervous and then she leaves the
computer like you cannot do that mom hit
the like button so mom if you're
watching hit the like button this
seriously doesn't this look amazing guys
like Bonnie did most the work I'm doing
the fun part Nelson I know I was like oh
here do you want to do the sloth oh my
gosh she would say no because that's the
farm she's on like oh okay this is a bun
oh yeah look at these cute little baby
cinnamon rolls they're cute I think it's
that time of the night where we're going
to end the vlog but I have to show you
that is what the cinnamon rolls look
like I'm going to take them home and
frost them but we just spent the past
like two hours descending on Bonnie's
bed and we're watching what movie were
like Donham Planet of the Apes Planet of
the Apes and it was really fun literally
home for bus cuddled on the bed we
literally went anxious but thank you
guys so much for watching for today guys
tomorrow we have our ultrasound we are
not going to find out what it is we're
gonna have them put the results in a
stocking and tomorrow also on my channel
so today for you guys on my channel is
the gender prediction video and I don't
know how fun it was fun doing it I'm
filming it it's not anything
over-the-top or anything it was just a
lot of fun yeah did it in the kitchen
and it was a lot of fun
yeah there's fun in fun there's fun and
fun in the video so if you guys want to
watch it we'll have the link down below
but thank you guys so much for all the
love that you put towards Jared's video
that he posted today and me you guys
have been really kind and especially all
the Bonnie said nope
new idea but you know what I know here's
here's the thing Ellie and I had fun
making it and that's all that matters
and Jerry's voice is great and guess
what my voice is good like we we had fun
singing it together so anyway thanks for
all the love for that things for all the
lovely especially that you put on the
other guys channel that we did the cover
for so anyway a lot more stuff coming
your way especially with Jared and his
doing that was really fun for him to let
me play but anyway the time is ticking
gotta go bye
Oh
