good morning guys guess what today is
sunday sunday sunday sunday sunday fun
day I like Sunday because in our
household it is very relaxing and a lot
of times I get a cook good because it is
relaxing and I have time to make
something and I have been showing you
guys a lot of food lately and I hope
you're not annoyed but it's because I'm
proud of myself because I've been making
more homemade meals and I'm proud of
myself so I have to show you guys the I
made lasagna and not just any lasagna
well it is regular lasagna but I'm proud
of myself because I don't like eating
lasagna that is really runny like when I
I like it more of the noodles and not so
much the sauce but half the time I
always get the sauce so I made it with a
little bit less I just instead of adding
more sauce to the meat I add a less
sauce obviously and anyway it turned out
really good and adds a lot more noodles
in it and I just think that it looks
really good so thank you to Bonnie and
my mom for home making it and giving me
the inspiration to make it myself so
we've got lasagna for lunch we've got
salad for lunch jared is working on his
finished touches for his project that
we're going to tell you about probably a
little bit later let me tell you a lot a
little bit later but it's amazing and
you guys are gonna find out finally what
it is so jared is facetiming Brian oh oh
he can't see oh we can't see ourselves
hey hi Brian hi Brian's of Brian's
helping Jared with a couple technical
difficulties but usually Sundays we do
have one take but Jackson's asleep and I
really wanted to show you guys my
creation so cut to the one-take we're
gonna wait for Jackson to wake up but it
is late and Jackson is still sleeping
and you all know you shouldn't wake a
sleeping baby so this is our one take
Sunday but we are video chatting with
Jared's family we usually do this every
Sunday which is kind of fun cuz we all
live in different places but we are
gonna ask them if they think we're
having a boy or a girl we've asked a few
of my family members we just filmed the
gender prediction test which is going on
Mike
on Tuesday so we're gonna start with mom
and dad and you each can tell us if you
think we're having a little girl or a
rowdy little boy okay so mom is guessing
a boy and dad is guessing a girl okay
okay and Jen do you want a niece or a
nephew
so you're voting a girl okay all right
uncle Nate well she probably would be if
I come on I want to have a girl so
Nate's girl can have a little friend to
play with and I know I know
well Jackson's closing up in age right
all right and Ryan what do you think
let's ask Anne first yeah boy whoo and
thinks a boy and I think statistically
higher chances boy okay um Oh Maria what
do you think I think it's a girl
you think it's a girl but my family all
is pretty dead said it's a girl but then
again my family is Chuck full of girls
and Jerez families Chuck for boys so
we'll see either way we're excited
well this one-take turned into a little
bit more than one taken he's excited to
be awake he's probably like lip cream so
that was a lot of fun we were just video
chatting with family and Matt actually
came on my brother and he said that he
thinks it's a boy so that's it what do
you guys think leave a comment down
below you guys are gonna find out soon
on Christmas Day you were gonna see if
we're gonna have a boy or a girl what do
you think bud do you want to pull your
girl I want a brother sister I think
he's gonna be a drummer based on those
actions and movements he's probably
gonna drum some point in his life
you know grandma and grandpa gave our
little baby that dog me a little lamb
and a cow and you took her or his
present oh yeah we've been calling the
baby a girl honestly we have to because
I don't like calling it like oh yeah he
is not very that's not my baby
I'd rather say her and be wrong then say
it
or the baby yo you a Jackson has been
taken the baby's toys you little stinker
come get you I'm gonna get you missed a
car on the on the on the hardwood give
me it ah I was showing Jackson this
earlier and it was so much fun he was
like watching it Oh accident he's like
that was so fast do it again fact uh you
see the little loser done duty game by
saying
oh right under your legs oh that's so
cute guys Ellie come stand next to me
for a moment because I feel like we have
something that we need to announce some
sort of the big reveal it's not wet I
hope you're not sick hey we just did the
gender of a sudden Wade Collins we just
did the gender prediction yes so there
could be our killer
yeah that's not gonna be on Ellie's
Channel on Tuesday oh wait he said that
yeah anyway that's we're done okay
here's the thing guys Ellie and I have
been working on no fault if Ellie and I
have been working on a project for a
long time I've been working very very
hard on something that is gonna release
today as you are watching this video
that video is already up Ellie and I
filmed and recorded a song and a music
video all along to go along with it and
it's on my channel some of you guys
might not even have known that I had my
own YouTube channel but I haven't
touched it in a long time
but it's finally up and I have a music
video on it that we worked on together
and they're not gonna live and I've told
you guys before we're like working
together like this whole YouTube thing
doesn't change the way because one I
have been more impatient
hey he's got the car and I got a phone
in his hand he's like a little impatient
because we're learning something new
together by beating together more and
but I also have had so much more fun
because it was fun working together
because it does bring you closer when
you're working well if I'm junior you're
developing a town together oh yeah and
it was so fun doing the video and I'm a
little
Pervis but Jarrod's family's been really
cute about it they saw already so I feel
a little bit better but it was really
fun and IA jared worked so jared was
patient jared works so hard with me
staying on tune i can seem but to
harmonize good breathe like I don't know
what I'm doing so you were very patient
well thank you so here's the thing guys
I love music I'm a huge music fans I am
NOT a producer I don't know how to mix
sound all that well but I can tell what
sounds good I'm gonna have a link to the
video right here on my hand is gonna be
the video on Ellie's face is gonna be
the video I want you guys to go check it
out leave a comment down below and tell
me what you guys think because I'm gonna
start be doing more music on my personal
channel so go ahead and subscribe to the
channel I'll have a link down below but
what I want you guys to do as well this
is a cover know our brain waves aren't
sync sync brain way we were thinking
this anything I'll let you tone this is
a cover song of a song that Ellie
introduced me to about a year or two ago
and it's called snow globe and there's a
guy named Matt who wrote and recorded
this song and I'm gonna have a link to
his video the original down below and
what I want you guys to go do is I want
you to go bombard his video and just
tell him this song is awesome Jared and
Ellie sent us please and thank you
he is the reason why we're doing the
song it is awesome it is like my
favorite Christmas song now and so go to
his video and tell him that we sent you
and just send them some Ellie and Jared
love because he deserves it this song
the video only has like 60,000 views but
it is fun you know years for how good he
is it deserves way more than what he has
so go up on bar his channel tell me
Sencha go check out my channel to
subscribe to it because Ellie and I
worked really hard on his videos and I
really hope you like it
yeah I do too it really was fun working
and that is the big reveal announcement
but I really I really hope that you guys
do like it you'll have to let us know
but anyway that's our Sunday that was
kind of a weird one take because we're
waiting for that who did get into my gut
it was like a three tape we did like Jax
really look at the lighting you're so
pink
we haven't turns out light bulb yeah is
that all Jax Arun me say goodbye say
goodbye ro he waved goodbye bye bye bye
bye bye bye bye chunky McGee okay guys
we'll see you tomorrow thank you so much
thank you
