it's the most wonderful time of the year
what's going on guys oh my goodness it's
a Christmas party and we're playing the
weed hi guys are you are you having fun
what'd you guys do and you're playing
tennis that's cool
Oh watch oh my goodness don't have a
tennis racket good job guys
we are here and we're having a Christmas
party it's just about to start actually
I haven't started yet but we're eating
snacks we're having a lot of fun already
and look at all these cousins here
everyone look at me and say hello
we've got a fun-filled adventure for you
today we've got food we've got family
friends music Christmas party it's so
great today the family Christmas I feel
like today is probably one of those most
memorable days that you'll have to be
entire and you'll always every family
gathering you'll be like do you remember
that one time at the Christmas party
this is one of those this may be the
family Christmas party but mom has made
sure to make it known that it is oh this
is my party this is mom's party yeah
what do you want to do for your party
what are you cutting we're making paper
dolls Hey hi show me your paper doll oh
that's your paper doll Olivia I cut
these are actually really nice let me
Sears Abby I am a dress
oh is that did you cut that one out and
Sheree what paper doll you make like
cutting out a table well these are
actually really cool they are fun to do
for bit with kids
oh those are huge
I lost my baby's head out little dolls
and they wear the clothes I know this
doesn't always happen just to our
household the girls in the kitchen and
the boys laughing at electronics
dick to take care
can I please have your attention we are
going to play a game the game is called
heads up heads up uses the cellular
telephone and on it you have a deck of
cards
these deck of cards you place on your
head like this when you have the deck of
cards on this it's going to read a
phrase some sort of thing that everyone
has to describe and the person holding
the deck on top of their head has to
guess so for example if the card said
the eldest grandchild let's so as well
she died here to my house if you want
heaven uses and your dad uses it oh she
got it was iPad oh you even know I ain't
nobody got Cheerios oh yeah oh good umm
same is he's writing it got really weird
he writes funny yes green eggs and ham
um on your phone you want to send a
message just call me you say oh go up
grandpa what hurry it's higher cut yep
faster no no no faster oh there you go
Frankie's socks down sherry you got five
can you up five right turn huh
no it's wide open your style yes sync uh
big new animal big man it's he has
before you tell mine definitely your
your play that tune of dare yes a dear
aunt Linda's play too
colourful rainbow
Adele was the only one he just offset
the dad got7 good haha that was good you
sweet women is really the one on this
roster you came inside the voice know
there can I do
yes movie for you yeah yeah Jewish
facial expressions of the crap you know
so I what it was the first one but the
conversion isn't he's 18 and gestures
yeah but some drivers raise your hand if
you've ever gotten in trouble for me
in the back you know I got trouble you
get in trouble for what to be in my back
Oh raise your hand if you got a TRO for
pee in the bed more than once
question for someone's sake how did you
stop sucking your fingers beard ready I
think you have a big nose
okay so I was sucking my fingers and
then I'll give you peace of hit where
she put a squares on it and then I color
I put in a sacred on one each day for
not singing my seniors and on the last
day of my birthday I'll get a price
Oh see Olivia you can do it
didn't do it and no need to be sad right
that's so nice huge nice Jackie does you
just woke up for a good man he took a
good a slipped in the car and he took a
nap I know I'm a proud mother I was very
shy weekend mama says she's been looking
for this forward to this day all year
long
this is Christmas because when our whole
family's all together just this is a lot
of difference and Julian will look at
them another time well it's Kevin and
Ruby's party so Kevin if you want to
call on someone to offer their prayer
that's would you like yeah okay that'll
be great
ready our Father in Heaven Ruby would
you do the us the honor of showing us
all of this awesome food tell us what
we're having for dinner today tell us
the treats the delectable delights that
we're going to enjoy today and let's
start maybe on this side of the table
and we'll make our way to the main
course over there and how does that
sighs okay sounds good let's do it all
right so we are having Costa Vita o go
homemade style Oh me a custom yeah yeah
so we're gonna start with some lettuce
okay is this just regular iceberg
lettuce or is the Romanian variety the
Romania min what the plate for him is
you go away let me show you the first
and I Cameron bite-size pieces you see
oh so it's so much easier to eat yes I
didn't do them yes that's right and so
then you're gonna make your way over
here to the stove okay so we're gonna
okay I see what we're doing here Oh what
do we have he's a lan tro rice and we're
gonna put a pile of that on your lettuce
that looks really great and now tell me
what are they in these other pansy up I
can smell them they smell really really
great well this is pulled pork okay with
a little bit of chipotle sauce chipotle
also you get a little bit about spice oh
yeah mm-hmm
oh that looks divine you're just gonna
pick that on top of your rice like sure
great oh man that looks so good that's
away Gunny ours did that I'm salivating
already I mean our
cook that 14 14 hours holy cow did you
have to get up in the middle of the
night to cook it I normally would I
pawned it off on Barney Oh Bonnie kicked
it up oh that's the point that we were
referencing last night all the Chipotle
pork
last night you guys remember that from
last night now make your way over here
let's go back over this way you're going
to put some black beans black beans oh
and sprinkle them on the way you did
that was fantastic
all in the technique the technique of
the application oh look at that scoop
looking all right on this on the side
rather than on top so if you want some
with it and some without it you have an
option the choice is yours
that's right that's great mmm scoop that
oh man yeah I like the way this is all
coming together you're just gonna top it
off so cheddar cheese and and the pork
is probably warm enough that that cheese
is gonna have a little milk to it it's
gonna be a nice little melt that's right
and tell me what we have slice is lime
fresh nice lime squeeze over the top and
have on your side oh I almost forgot my
favorite part there's your texture
that's the texture of the meal oh my
gosh Ruby thank you so much for taking
us through that that looks so good guess
what that's not it that is just the
course number one we've got pies
we've got Wheat Thins we've got apples
and pomegranates and bananas and corn
dogs those corn dogs eat them when
they're hot eat them when they're cold
eat them when they're fresh and you eat
them when they're old they are so good
for me
goodbye come on was playing footsie with
me sorry again I thought that was sure
that's my child tell my book down it's
Jackson - thank you playing under the
table so everyone what's the verdict
how's the food is it delicious - the
taste one or two or maybe trip you guys
have commented about how are you guys
have made a wonderful compliment on how
we keep our houses me and tidy and you
want to know why because we're all in
here waiting for a car to start and moms
in the kitchen if she says it's almost
done it won't take long I figure out
clean up by myself you kids always
yelling there's just a few last-minute
things I offer it's a good habit
it wouldn't be a Christmas party without
a Christmas program and I think all of
my siblings can contest - we did not go
to Grandma Grandpa's house to open
presents unless we shared with them a
piece that we had been working on all
year long so Ruby's kids have been
slaving away all year long doing violin
lessons piano lessons
whosits and whatsits and jarrod night
for the past little bit have been
working on a little piece that we're
gonna share it's not very good but
everyone is just family we don't care
right so we're gonna do a little bit of
program and then the fun begins
if we gonna prep prizes
Aunt Linda is gonna start us off with
Merry Christmas
and I talked to you guys about Aunt
Linda she is dad sister you ready here
we go Merry Christmas we wish you a
Merry Christmas and happy
Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year
these judges
good job no your name's s with this
whole bunch of boxes don't agree and you
know the thought when is cakes don't
chip you go sit in the middle of the
floor with it and wait for your cousins
this is your very first Christmas gift
ever look that's your name it's from
Grandma and Grandpa well he has another
one from other grandma grandpa this is
from Grandma and Grandpa Griffis open
this one today yeah cuz we must tell us
your tell us you are ruled that you told
me the other day about gifts because I
think a lot of people would like your
quote do you remember any I think we
were talking about oh now I can't
remember if talking about gifts a gift
is something I wanted to give to you
necessarily something you want that's
something that I want you to have yeah
that's a gift
yeah for me to you yep so I liked mom's
quo of a gift from me to you is what I
want to give you not what you want
that's a gift so what if I want to give
you 10 spankings is that a gift if
that's what you want to be suing like
Authority good quote special for the
holidays well I kind of got that from my
dad he'd say gifts a gift you'd be happy
for and you'd be happy someone wanted to
give you a yes Oh from about all the
girls
Bentham Bentham heard
it'd be a rainbow right yeah sure it's
your ring right there oh my gosh that's
beautiful accident I'm gonna help you
get started okay thank you for this Wow
look at that race car in truck thank you
grandma
well you know Jackson doesn't have two
big cars like this it's even afford so
you know it's good now we've got gifts
to all the girls mom and dad everyone
sit crisscross applesauce let the
moments come sit up here at my mama's
Julie the whole opening hers she brought
home so we text haha it will call her go
go whoo and they're off who can win Luke
it open at the fastest yet they're all
different girls
everybody knows something
it's a centum cake plate Fenton if I
thought you said phantom and I was like
that's a cool that's a cool place
phantom place sorry it's offensive how Q
is that they are all like from the
nineteen forties everything is a pipe
these have been in my cupboard since you
were born
you don't you celebrate I haven't you
know parties where I'm Jason and daddy
and I clean it up the other night
cleaning all shiny we go all remember
and use in your mom's pot huh yeah
welcome and soon as I saw that on your
Wally we're gonna have to put those
plates to good use you know what I mean
mmm video got my channel links below it
is the boys's turn for their gifts so
mom and dad are going in the back room
to bring out their gifts Gerry Goffin
the boy Jared Ellie this year what was
that word collaboration Oh Kevin and we
get a crappy job rev Kevin Kevin and
daddy and I have collaborated are you
kidding what do you mean yours mine are
you kidding where's Kevin well a blank I
know it's a blank I like the smell it
fit this to keep your one
oh so to the real good snow that read oh
you smell Kevin my dad no eyeball my god
this is kevin component you made
everyone round of applause for Kevin
I've got to take a few minutes and talk
to you about this percent in January
Kevin last January
Kevin approached us and he said mom I
want to make the brothers oh they're
really they're expensive to make let
alone provide because if you'll if
you'll pay for the materials I'll make
them I says have you got it and it has
taken a solid year thickening made and
I'll tell you the real the real hero in
this story is in Ruby every Saturday
every Saturday through Thanksgiving
break she was home alone because Kevin
was down you you guys haces to come
shooting the day before Thanksgiving oh
yeah yeah yeah no for a solid year he
and I have been texting pictures back
and forth so how did you decide to do
during the gift-giving knows you to tell
I know this is talent Jared get the red
one I love that look Cote Winky and a
wood called per dock in the middle
paddock oh my god didn't know Wow
so is this built in your garage know
your neighbors basement oh my god look
look
Kevin Frankie December 2014 43 pounds is
that what it is and then doctrine
covenants 136 28 I mean they're
beautiful they're gorgeous
I almost don't even want I wish you
could smell her I wish you could smell
this pretty line these things that does
smell really good I just think the
talent for me
thank you Kevin I think that's awesome
and Ruby and I think we did I thanked my
neighbor Monty Webster Webster you know
think dad has a huge uh medallion on it
look at that color on that Neville isn't
that gorgeous
I cannot even believe how beautiful
yours is good because we took perfect
we're excited about doing this carrot I
think it's amazing you boys were to get
awesome Go Go Go Pro into the future for
sure you just wait this is from me and
Bonnie to dad 13 all the 10 commandments
that's oh yeah that's something I need
to learn to do Wow daddy's teeny Barney
I haven't I this is the first time I've
seen him me and Bonnie ordered up - okay
there's a real silver American flag
woods the Ten Commandments on it yep
America my favorite so this one's like
it's called a creep or three it's a
crude pour so that's like castaway the
old miners used to cast yeah one troy
ounce of silver that is so cool thank
you guys so much that is awesome yeah
asking me to make steps I'm like I'll
just do it friendly that's cool that's
so dang cute this here might be the best
part of the entire night yes sir
the kids are asleep we've got dessert
and we're just munching we're just
munching oh man the best part of the
night oh yeah we brought our iron penis
to get to that beautiful music
naki today was a day filled with friends
family and fun and that's why I loved it
so much we felt the Christmas spirit
today and the most important part of
today is that we worth family and that's
what I love so much about these
Christmas parties I honestly look
forward to it all year long because we
have so much fun with our friends and
family I know not to say you said it
perfectly well thank you you did I have
a way with words though no I agree I
think like you know it's like gifts
aside food aside just being with the
family really was fun it's fun
facetiming actually that's what matters
being with the ones that you love the
most being with the ones that you love
more than yourself that's where you have
happiness let's really love my family
cuz I like myself you like yourself a
lot thank you and you look and tell
yourself in that mirror all thank you
thank you guys so much I hope you
enjoyed our fun family festive video
today we spent all day with them it was
full of fun and so I hope you guys
enjoyed but from us to you guys
absolutely Merry Christmas
Oh Jenks give me a puppy
by travelpod member
