today is a very very very very very very
very exciting day and do you know why la
télé do you know why tell me why do
you know what do you have in your hand
Karen I'm it
what is so yummy dr. pepper makes the
world taste better
Oh dr. pepper makes the world taste
better if that would have his baby my
baby gets my baby wants the baby must
take after me then we have a couple dr.
peppers but we're drinking very
sparingly that's the rule but that's not
why today's exciting although it is a
little bit exciting that we have dr.
pepper we have a fun adventure because
one we are going to the post office
today
to give the award to the person who won
on L easy YouTube channel she had a
giveaway and we're shipping the prize
away to Heidi so congratulations to
Heidi and Ellie I have a feeling is
gonna have some more giveaways in the
future so make sure you go subscribe to
her channel Ellie what's your channel go
tell the people we're here yeah just my
belly look figured out that I ate oh wow
Oh babies look bigger it does yeah
oh you're sixteen weeks pregnant today I
know yesterday I saw a notification on
your phone that's in your 16 weeks
pregnant so maybe I was 16 weeks on
Tuesday sure you know oh is that what it
is yeah I'm off on my date no I'm just
going off with the doctor set yeah that
is one exciting thing also tonight we
are gonna go to Salt Lake City Utah and
we're gonna go look at the lights of
Temple Square isn't that fun if you guys
have never been to the lights at Temple
Square or never seen them you guys
should look them up on Google right now
because they're awesome and we're gonna
go keep watching and you'll see them
well you know what what am i doing
watch our video guys watch our video
you'll see the lights with us so come
along with us cuz we're gonna have an
awesome day today you know what it's
gonna be an awesome day and I'm gonna
kiss my wife
not come join us
love it
you know grandma can love that okay guys
this is the deal we are making a pit
stop at mom and dad's we're saying hi
and laughing and in one week we find out
the gender of the baby so in one week we
will know if we are going to be buying
the two dresses or more trucks so I'm
really excited but I think that this is
going to be a lot of you guys have
already guessed but I think we're going
to make this video be the official video
because what what
here's message guys here's the situation
here's the deal here's the lowdown this
is what's going on Ellie and I want to
get a recorded response about what you
guys think we want to do a pull and I'm
gonna have a link right below in the
description box we want you guys to take
a poll and vote if you guys think we're
gonna have a boy or a girl it's a Google
Doc thing you just click the link and
it'll say boy or girl you click your
response and then you submit it and
that's all you need to do but we want to
just see what you guys think I thought
it'd be kind of fun obviously it doesn't
matter you know we're gonna be excited
no matter what but we thought this would
be pretty fun or should we say what we
used to say if Jackson oh people will be
mad but this is what we used to say we
used to say Jackson Oh we'll be so happy
oh no we'll be happy no matter what if
it's a boy if it's a boy we always joke
no no well will love will love the baby
no matter what if it's a boy but we
obviously joke we are joking or a
jokester family but we're excited either
way but I think we should give our
guesses if this is the official video
I'm just going to guess a girl I've had
a feeling from the very beginning I had
all those dreams at the beginning um
right after I had Jackson so I feel like
I I have to go with a girl what's your
guess my official guess I'm gonna be
happy no matter what yours are neutral
No
I'm Mike honest guess I think it's a
girl I really think it's a girl okay
let's ask Jackson Jackson brother or
sister hmm
oh he turned around and got mad without
a girl then I got one circle boy Jackson
wants a brother right he's ignoring us
hey hey I think Jackson just said girl
because he turned his head and was
ignoring us grandma what do you guess
baby girl
hmm mama guess oh here's a deal I don't
want people to vote girl just because
that's what our votes are I want you to
do what you honestly think yes I've been
wrong before yes she has my pregnancy
has been a little different this
go-around and you thing and especially
all my dreams and stuff oh you could
have sworn I was a boy oh well oh we
need dad here I'm gonna make this story
very short actually we're gonna go into
that another time but my dad and brother
cried when I was born guys mom made bald
but guess what it doesn't mean they
didn't love me they just were so sex
they knew I was the last baby and they
wanted a brother so that's okay but we
aren't gonna cry because this is just
our number two we'll be happy my mom
thought I was a girl her entire
pregnancy yeah she was in a dress she
come on dress ones mom really wanted me
to be a girl but sorry we had another
sibling Jennifer who is a girl and that
made mom very happy but I think I'm the
favorite still though right mom and dad
yeah I don't think that's anything to
argue about but here's the thing I want
you guys to check out that survey link
also I want you guys to leave a comment
down below whether you think it's a boy
or girl we're doing the survey just so
we can have like an organized thing
where it'll just give us the results of
the give us a pie chart just for fun
because we like to do fun things we're
fun and we're crazy
Jackson's favorite thing to eat up
grandma grandpa's are peaches that's
what we're good to eat you we're good
all perhaps of peaches Oh somebody's
home who's home
oh yeah he's our gumbo ah go get him
come on go faster oh dude this dumping
here
don't tease ya come here after like a
few years I finally added up all of my
empty make up Matt containers which is
like six containers and I picked out a
lipstick as you get a free lipstick if
you get if you bring back like six
containers and this is the one that
Jared picked out and I got it and it's
called the lickable that was probably
why he picked it out we ran into Ashley
she's actually go to school in Virginia
okay and but she's here in town so we
got to get a picture wait is that the
six plus oh my gosh that's ginormous Oh
God look at your friend
yeah oh that's yeah that's his eyeball
yeah yeah all right we just finished
eating dinner and we're getting this
little guy all suited up because we're
about to go look at the lights see yes
we just won the party the party can
finally start we've got the sanika
family cahier hanging out with us look
at this little guy and his amazing
his face is like John I love you his
fingers are so just like reaching free
oh my gosh I think we've got everyone
all bundled up and look at this kitty
here I can't put my arms down oh my gosh
okay everyone's all bundled up we're
getting more ever gonna go across the
street and we're gonna go to Temple
Square and we're gonna go look at the
lights
we want to give a huge thank you to Kali
Crocs for letting us use for Christmas
music and all of these videos that we've
done it's awesome I'll have a link in
description down below for you guys to
check it out but again thank you to Kali
thank you so much and hope you enjoy the
montage
the stores are brightly shining it is
the night of our dear
yours
lonely the
instead
never pining till he appeared and the
soul felt
ah
wrong enjoy since
a new and glorious morn for
Oh
Dave ah
night
when Christ was born Oh
oh dear
night
by the light of faith serenely be
by his cray
so
a star sweet meekly
here comes the wall
Oh
mm we saw a man with Ebola yeah okay
Jared just ratted too much missionary my
finish is so bad and I honestly could
not like understand anything she was
saying okay
it was so fun it just brings back so
many memories I was trying to speak some
Finnish to her but she just like simple
things it was still hard I need to I
need to work on finish we need to go to
Finland nothing now we want to ask my
sister Oh rather a lot actually my heart
is just like racing because I'm so happy
she she lived in the city that I served
in - okay one of them so good he's
already out of me was her name hey guys
do it do it yeah yeah hey guys tell me
you're gonna go ahead and end the vlog
today we're gonna go ahead right now go
ahead and in the book we're gonna go
ahead and end the vlog today behind on
the Block family I'm in the body
everybody this is a great wow what a fun
day we had today I went shopping we
looked at a lipstick we robbed it be
wait how did you know
sure you lay some kind of stalker is you
know we had so much fun
shout out to these guys they got out to
50,000 subscribers congratulation guys
yeah party it's coming
we might be we're not very good and the
ninja my DNA yeah he's still alive he's
ticking okay guys thanks for watching I
hope you enjoyed our day we had a
wonderful today too is so fun I love you
I love you give me a kiss bye guys
