ah
good luck getting out of there I had a
hard enough time getting in the box I'm
not sure I'm gonna get out my legs I I
can't reach my I can't reach my legs
though I can't get my legs out can't go
over it
gotta go good luck ready huh just doing
some push-ups head that's all yes either
the dryer is eating Jackson's other pair
of socks so he has no matches at all
Jackson do you think that's what's
happening Jackson is the dryer eating
your socks oh yeah I got culprit you're
eating the socks jaxa Rooney it's
soaking wet stop eating your socks oh
I'm just doing all of the laundry and
I'm like Jackson like he eats seriously
he walks around with socks in his mouth
all day long and that's where he gets it
from don't eat your socks oh my baby is
the perfect child he never does anything
wrong Here I am cleaning his room
dusting the furniture and I and I
seriously this morning I thought I
thought wow Jackson's done really well
not to eat the front of his crib or like
the top of it like it looks so good so
good well I've been dusting it as you
can see I dust along the back and then I
go holy crapola
Jackson I'm not naive I know that that
probably was gonna happen but I just he
did it without me now that little stink
look at that son you're eating your
socks you're eating your crib what am I
gonna do with you son what am I gonna do
with you don't worry I have the solution
what teeth are you using those bottom
teeth I have the solution to make you
feel better Ellie what wait for it dude
every street corner you can use silver
bells
silver bells it's Christmas time fine
I'm happy now I won't be mad after this
music makes everyone happy
so I need a look at these damages le I
need to look to see what you did
well good luck oh my gosh oh oh wow that
is smooth Jackson
we don't need a sander we just need
Jackson to bite on the wood and he'll
sand it down for ya that's smooth that's
smooth buddy that's a good job ha ha
I bet Cooper did it was cousin Cooper
tottered Mac Cooper we're watching and
that I have dedicated today to be my
cleaning day so and it's not just
cleaning like vacuuming and dusting like
I really want to go through each room
and like wipe up like I just kind of
like wipe the floorboards a little bit
and I like to do this especially right
before Christmas just so you won't pull
my hair just so that the house feels
really really good for the week of
Christmas and we have a lot of family
activities we have a lot of festivities
stuff that we want to do and so I want
the house to be clean are you gonna say
hi oh you did say I did then good job so
I just want my house to feel really
clean so kind of today I've just
designated to listen to Christmas music
and play Jackson has been such a good
boy to just follow me room to room he's
been playing with toys he's been playing
with this farce this little stool a lot
but sadly I have all of this to pack
away these are clothes that no longer
fit him I went in the garage and we have
two bins already of clothes for him that
he has grown out of and I've tried to
keep what cause he has like what age
like I liked
I'm explaining those kind of long-winded
but i whatever clothes he has I like
just a few of in each size because they
grow out of him so fast and this stage
that he's in now he has way too many
clothes
he has like for winter sweaters he has
um several pair of just like long shirts
like this so I am definitely learning
that he needs a less less clothes for
each stage but I was good at first and
then I'm getting excited because he's so
cute and I like to get more sweaters for
him but I am packing them in a tab in
and they are going away for the next
baby guys I am sixteen weeks I just
posted my 16 week update I don't know if
you could see the little belly right
there but there's a little bump and
maybe this little boy will be wearing
all these clothes in a year or maybe
depending on our situation maybe our
little sister will be wearing his gloves
I'm just kidding but it'll be fun to see
these clothes be worn again hopefully
okay you guys wonder if Jackson ever
cries this is the time Jackson Jackson
oh now yeah he does not want to go on
the car Jackson he's like okay I can
ride like this dad this works for me
sister hey Jamie he said get in the car
seat no huh well he's gonna have to cry
and he has to give him the car seat so
yes my son does whine cry our son does
cry and whine a little bit usually when
he gets in the car see he really doesn't
like getting it too but what he's in it
he doesn't mind us are you guys playing
hey she wants a kiss
no I my name is nuts
Michael
he wants you to give her material can
you get will grab a cheerio
you give it to him
can you Gavin this yeah Olivia what are
we doing I swear every time we go into
town look it kind of was planned funny
funny needs don't cover your face huh
she's embarrassed to be back what you
Bonnie needed just a little help I think
finding a little memory card so we were
already trying to go to Sam's to go buy
a few things so we came by to help her
hey buddy are you having fun today
you've been being a good boy while we
run some errands yeah he's been awesome
Jackson has honestly been like the best
head to take shopping and it's he just
is chillin maxin relaxin all cool
shooting some people outside of the
school so we here just hanging out Oh
what uh what are you doing here come on
ah she's going to do her errands and a
treat for me and Cuddy
oh we picked up a little cutie and she's
gonna hang out with us for ransom Aaron
yeah you're gonna babysit Jackson right
cuz we have okay have fun bye Oh Ellie
you're supposed to come with me we're
gonna go on a date and he'll go around
the corner and make out a little bit
while they walk babysit each other
that's what's supposed to happen they're
gonna babysit each other we're gonna
caucus okay here it goes
here goes it's gonna go oh it's gonna go
and you like it anything it's going oh
there it goes one thing that I am
grateful for is the diversity of talents
in my family my family and Ellie's
family have so many wonderful talents
but they're all different and we can all
help each other out with different
things Ellie and Bonnie are awesome at
like cosmetics and hair I'll never have
to pay for a haircut for the rest of my
life my brother is an awesome graphic
designer my other brother is awesome at
music I have a brother-in-law who's in
medical school
Joel above me he's like the best handy
man that I know and same with my other
brother like there's just so many
awesome talents in our family and I'm
grateful for that so one thing I'm
trying to do is maybe use one of my
talents that I'm okay and I'm going to
try and troubleshoot Bonnie's SD card
it's been going crazy on her so I mean
see if I can fix it she can't get any of
the footage off her SD card onto her
computer so I'm gonna try it on my
computer see well we can figure out but
I am grateful for the talents of my
family and I challenge you guys to seek
out your talents and develop them the
best that you can so you guys can help
other people too oh you won Jackson did
not look come get it come get it
well Jackson worked harder and you
stopped you decided that slow and steady
wins the race no no no not what Jackson
nothing quick yeah and this kind of race
the fastest wins it's okay one thing
Jackson is very familiar with I never
believed my mom was like kids after two
or three times visiting they just know
they just know their area and Jackson
knows and Bonnie's house he knows that
you can crawl in there and play toys
he's just as familiar and then when we
go to Grandma's house he knows where
that big fat heavy pig is at the front
door and he knows where you love to play
was that I know he kisses and then he
knows with a little little pig coins
coins gold pig is piggy bank I'm on the
shelf behind the couch he knows where
those already always goes to find those
first
great come on Dean you in scare ya okay
guys I think that is the vlog for today
I hope you enjoyed watching me clean my
house but seriously thank you guys so
much for watching we'll see you later oh
say goodbye wave goodbye
stupefy wait pointed me why me
to do
