good morning guys we are just chilling
on the kitchen floor in crackers and I
am heating up dinner or lunch I should
say and I have to say I am really
grateful for sisters I do not feel well
today at all and I haven't been feeling
well the past few days and all of my
sisters have always been so good to me
my sister Ruby so many so many times had
brought in dinner over to us when we had
Jackson and it just was so helpful and
Bonnie the other day she said that she
made this little dish that has cheese in
chicken and cilantro and rice and stuff
and she gave me chips to kind of dip in
and eat it for a lunch one day so I'm
heating that up so I'm really grateful
today for sisters
so a lot of you guys in the comments
were asking me about doctor better and
how it was well let me just tell you Oh
spoiler alert le holy cow jeepers
creepers lemons squeezers one second and
I'll tell you let me open it up it's
refreshing I can tell already
hmm so just like last night yeah it's
like a it's almost like dr. pepper with
like cream cream soda so it's like a
very creamy dr. pepper sorry I'm good
talking it's cuz I'm so excited I like
it it's good I would definitely keep
drinking it it's that good definitely
better than the other two that I tried
well well well today is the day I dub
today home improvement day and I am your
host Tim the tool man Taylor
guys we have must be the really
good-looking you're Heidi oh isn't Heidi
beautiful pillow wait we're gonna make
if I'm Tim and you're Heidi that makes
Jackson al al Borland you trust the old
psychic who is taking a precious nap
right now Oh guys we finally got the
things that we've been waiting for it in
the mail we got our lights from Lowe's
so we have a ton of stuff we've got to
make these lights bright as that white
right there that's the plan and we'll go
from there
rule number one when you're changing
light bulbs always wear protective eye
gear especially ones that make you look
really cool and stand on a really sturdy
one to make sure you have a stable
sturdy thing to stand on and make sure
your toenails are painted still yes and
we want to make sure that the lights are
all turned off and just because we
didn't do that if you just turned them
off right now they're still very hot
we've waited a little bit but I'm
impatient
home improvement activity - do you guys
remember what I did my house door and I
got my bedding and I showed you guys
that blue
and I said I got a shower curtain that
matched it well guess what a couple
weeks went by and I was like my shower
curtain never came and I went to check
my email I never ordered it so that's a
problem right there this you should
probably order it if you wanna it
finally came I really am not loving home
improvement stuff but this kind of makes
it fun yeah because well tell me tell me
why you don't like home improvement
stuff so tired because you don't tell me
where you got the shower curtains that
Bath & Beyond call I put this on
backwards after you do all of that oh
you put the little things on yeah yeah
like oh you don't mind no I think
they're pretty cool they're a lot better
than the other ones I've used and the
last one Jerry can you help me but I'm
working on it I like it you know it's a
shame though I know I heard no you're
gonna say I won't be able to see your
shower anymore no that's not what I was
gonna say I really say we're gonna miss
being able to talk sometimes check some
plays in here like j.lo shower I'll just
see you that's what if that's what I
meant by see each other it looks really
good home improvement for another day
I'm going to get an actual hook that
actually hangs up towels this is the
worst hook ever it doesn't matter how
hard we try we're constantly trying to
put those tough one always Falls and
it's so nice I get to buy just a rack
I'm just gonna put it right there I'm
just gonna blew it or screw it right
there home improvement item number three
is all about the bed Ellie why don't you
tell us a little story okay guys why
don't you come and join me on the bed
tell us a little story ah our bed when
we got married of course we had no money
who does um and we got married and I had
no mattress not better anything and my
mom is a graduation slash way to get
what she does for all the kids as she
gets on like a bed set and she also gave
me a mattress and it was so kind of her
to give us her mattress but it
now over 20 years old and they bought it
so it is almost as like I am 23
yeah going as old as you are yes it's a
little mattress so we are in the market
for a new mattress that we put a little
memory foam top on top like five years
ago but I think it's about time we got a
new mattress and that's exactly what we
did we have this mattress right here and
we got it from Casper and the cool thing
about it is it's in this tiny little box
which actually I wasn't sure I was
thinking how did they get a mattress
inside this box is it it just was weird
to me but Jarrod showed me actually have
they like manufacture online they like
show about more about it and I was like
okay so I guess how it fits in here it's
like a memory foam latex but we're gonna
try it out cuz we need a new mattress
and they actually give you a hundred
days to try it out so I think that's
cool look at this material I swear this
is something like my grandma would wear
for a nightgown this is goodbye mom 20
year old no guys that was not me
I promise I did not do that me and my
sister we shared a bed growing up so I'm
sure I peed the bed all the time so
goodbye peace day holy cow this is the
mattress right here this is gonna go
right there oh that small thing is gonna
go there there's a tool right here we're
gonna use I did it right
you hear that this is a mattress isn't
it's this is magical so what do you
think you know why I like it cuz just
like Binford tools they're American made
but seriously I'm excited because I
think it'll be really good for Elly for
her back yeah it's you know it was a
third of the cost of a normal mattress
it's really good quality I'm excited for
Ellie and the baby I think it's gonna
feel good for you I do too
this is fun to try I've never had a
brand new mattress in my entire life
before yep
sometimes your old light bulbs are way
too big so you have to go back to the
store the hardware store oh oh an
exchange for smaller ones that work just
as good but are more expensive okay so I
have it installed now let's see the
difference kay are you ready I'm gonna
flip the lights on okay do you see how
white that one is there we go so do you
see how yellow that one is and how white
that one is do you see the difference
isn't that crazy this is a lot brighter
too yeah well no just because you have a
comparison between the two now that we
are all done with all of our chores huh
the part that we really didn't want to
do today now that we're all done
we are going to go to a live nativity I
just thought Brian and Missy posted a
video I was like hey ever going on to
the Bonnie invited us and it is the last
day that they are doing the live
nativity so it's not gonna break a world
record guys but we're gonna go see one
Jack show me your laser go
show me your lizard go Jarrett how do
you get a video going you know shut me
out
Jackson
he's mad that you won't kiss him
you just want to hug giving that ideas
if you're gonna hug him you really want
to kiss Jimmy and I guess I cases I kid
what I got I told you guys a story about
Bonnie about and I kiss but that's the
first row back there so we just got here
to the live nativity scene it and there
are tons of people these people here I
guess that's the last night oh thank
goodness
Oh everyone stay will you show him he's
attached to me so he's in there what's
your out fees brother's name he has a
little goodies on he's Ralphie's brother
he's like you've had two pairs of gloves
this whole time
yeah Jared were in the Rockies
sure the batteries could die any second
so say goodbye see you later guys bye
it's true Hatchi Jax is just staring at
this big candle through our batteries
good ine check it so thanks for watching
guys
