good morning at today is a very special
Sunday and you want to know why you guys
are not just getting a one-take like
normal and I think it's because we
decided I guess it's really important
why is today important happy birthday
Jackson what are you looking at I had a
birthday to Papa
okay guys I would have kissed dad's face
but he's too tall I can't Rio I just
yeah you're short yeah haha
but we are celebrating dad's birthday so
we decided to pull the camera out just a
little bit more today but we are kind of
sad I think dad is really sad he can't
find his bird guys remember the feza
that was in his yard we have been
looking all day in the yard and we
cannot find that says that anywhere so
it's barely starting to snow right now
so maybe that pheasant left home I think
you flew south or someone found him for
dinner oh you know what we should go to
their house because that's probably
really whose house the person who had
him for dinner
no that's dad's tux dad's friend that's
dad's pet like dad seriously no he was
like my friend's cool
my mom's making dinner I'm just over
here you know EMI cherries
I may or may not have eaten most of that
I ate you ate a few mom what are you
making don't look at this oh it's cute
isn't breadsticks breadsticks they'll be
good breadsticks mom's making
breadsticks and she just um she put this
lasagna that's gonna go in the oven soon
too so that's what's for dinner you know
what we've been doing though what eating
cherries no well yeah that oh talking
about baby names been talking about baby
names and what we're gonna name our baby
and guess what we don't know yet nope
but I have an inkling of an idea what if
it's a boy if it's a boy and you don't
know those are harder names for me the
boys are harder so with Jackson we knew
before he we you were even pregnant and
I think with our next girl we know I
think it's just it's just a yeah
yeah but I think we're not but yeah
we're talking names over here so I'm
like right next to this doughnut smells
really good knocked out Jackson did you
just get in trouble and you get help
honey just get mad at us right yeah
he is in trouble you tree what everyone
in this house is in trouble
turn the camera I know we're all yelling
at each other mom's dinner
everything's out the window hi they
don't know we've got the camera Cody do
you have a present for grandpa where is
it is it that big red box there yeah
yeah can you tell grandpa what's in
there quick hurry what's in there
Geoffrey is it auric stuff for grandpa
yeah okay kid you don't you know what it
is
what what's in there no no you gotta
tell grandpa early I want to know what's
in there what what did your mom again
he's done okay he's done you're not
gonna talk about buddy
Oh Olivia come here Olivia hurry come
here tell grandpa what's in that box
gee what's in there oh come back and
tell grandpa no you happy it's me who
are you face time in you're gonna face
time : humming there's Macy games Oh
don't hang up he's gonna you just hung
up hi :
sorry oh no you're just fine how's it
goin man have been hung up on you hi
Macey Gaines you are so beautiful yeah
what do you think of your girlfriend oh
good
well he's looking intense do you see
that yeah in my quest to find a really
delicious beverage of dr. pepper I've
had a couple attempts and they both
failed miserably they weren't very good
at all when I was at the store the other
day for grandpa's birthday and I found
something and I'm super anxious to try
and I have to show it to you right here
don't worry it's not alcoholic it might
look like it it's like it's like Henery
wine hearts it's similar to that it's
Virgil's and it's called dr. better
so if betters in the name it's gotta be
good right like it's it's got to be
better than dr. pepper doctor better and
anyway I'm gonna give that a shot isn't
this the most precious
precious cream that's like if you guys
don't have kids that is what we stripe
that woman right there that is peace
that is happiness that is your joy right
there really good she's so she's sound
like Mickey Mouse she does what she
talking about we'll get our talking
later grandma made the best dinner and
you also did not just make breadsticks
you made love some bread for everybody
everyone gets a loaf of bread look how
big this bread is that's a big one
look how big that is happy birthday dad
and grandpa you have one guess if you're
wrong you can't keep it dragon that's a
dragon right there okay we're going
Armon and we have to sing it well or
else we'll have to see like 20 times
happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you happy birthday dear
Wow Wow Cody I know ooh that smells
sorry
can you smell it smells yummy is that
yummy eating honey take a bite
wait wait wait do that to me I love that
well that's all I guess fresh air sweet
nice oh that's so cool see ya target
yeah well do you shoot out when you
shoot oh yes yes you just don't see fine
rock it stays up in the air yeah because
if it could ricochet inside that
triangle and come right back at you
she try it you'll shoot your eye out I
don't see I can't put my arm down go
baby go home I'm guessing they're like
earmuffs that have a mic on them so when
you go shooting you know that now little
that's what I did thank you even after
all right grandpa does you know he
teases you do you not gravity's in you
what would you like grandpa I won't
tease you no more it's worth more puffs
we is this an airplane for grandpa
that's plane yeah we'll get it oh yeah
let's go isn't that crazy
oh is that one sounds like some I don't
want my hair oh whoa powerful
you're getting good
can you tell me what you want for
christmas
no nope well you'll just have to believe
me she sounds like Minnie Mouse she's a
little shy happy I was flying all over
the place and just about took dad's head
off don't reach for the fitting blade ok
dad's playing with this toy in the
living room now where there's tons more
space oh why they're over there on the
table but dad is loving his little toy
Oh
my mommy's nylon looks like totally cut
lines out cut is it all all the kids ran
for cover
daring what is that what stuff is that
explain what do you want for Christmas
present you are pregnant haters you have
a voice like Minnie Mouse do you like me
my mouse what's up we see something what
Minnie Mouse would say you say it what
is your mouth shake you sound like
Minnie Mouse well I think that's a wrap
for today guys fellas did you have fun
today grandpa did you have a good
birthday today
I did I did even with the health of
presents without the birthday cake this
here is what makes blue miss Ruby and
Julie yeah miss Ruby and Julie all the
people who weren't here we missed you
but that's it for the day's vlog thanks
so much for watching guys we'll see you
in tomorrow everyone say goodbye say bye
say bye bye bye bye his smile is worth a
thousand words there's one thing that we
have to put in the vlog and it's very
very important ok this is a very special
moment hey Landon Emma but what day is
it Emma what is today
no say it say happy birthday grandpa a
kick to the face you're so nice to call
thank you
so I've been I can guess what you two
have been doing all three days that
you're at hey this is a few bad some
hickeys on your neck Landon I see them
from here
