C Mon say mama
it was a cold and brisk morning as the
two lovers with a young boy tow drive
along the highway in the dense fog not
knowing their outcome they wait and see
what is on the other side of
good morning guys that is right it is
pretty foggy right now we are just
driving through the canyon right now and
I think this canyon was like one of the
most beautiful drives in the world even
though it's foggy still gorgeous we are
going to go hang out with Ellie's mom
and dad because we are celebrating
Ellie's dad's birthday and I think he's
turning like 42 is that right dad 42 no
39 I don't remember
anyway I wanted to say something real
quick and I wanted to mention this a lot
of you guys may not know and I think
because Ellie is so good
Ellie's not been feeling very well at
all and she's been not telling and not
complaining at all and I just want to
say as she's such a good trooper and
she's so strong and she has such
willpower that you guys probably had no
idea and she would have never said
anything but her stomach has been
bothering her like crazy yeah I just I'm
grateful for you and I'm grateful for
your your willpower your work ethic and
the attitude that you carry along all
the time so I love so sweet because
sometimes as my family knows I'm the
most impatient to the first ever so that
was so sweet of you Jared I just
feeling very well but we're still gonna
have fun well thank you like this
beautiful it is so beautiful I wish I
could have like a narrating voice like
in the beginning they drove through the
fog and each time they got further the
fog grew denser and denser or more dense
no she's we don't know how to talk
grammar nazis comment below tell us
what's actually right Thank You Jay that
was really sort of you I have not been
feeling the best but today is fun
because we are going on a date tonight
we are and I'm really excited because
I've never been where we're going to
fall where are we going
guys there's a car probably 30 feet
ahead of us Kobe cannot see it
this is so fun Aki in front of us
there's a car there yeah yep yep this is
old
yep slow down this is incredible I love
it oh my gosh I love this is fog it's
not come in and dashes or kicked out
because I'm going to make my Christmas
pudding good like the Campbells or Vic
sugar cubes well they're gonna want to
see you so guys it's not making a stop
down without seeing grandma you've all
met common see grandma and see how she's
doing
and I asked grandma if I could show you
guys the cakes that she's made and what
kind of cakes are they they're coconut
coconut coconut cakes for all her
neighbors so grandma's been cooking and
look at those yummy cakes now this is
what we should put on Oh cuz they they
look so good and they smell so good as
soon as we walked and I was like I'll
grandma's cooking something I know and
it smells good
killin secret I see grandma and she came
with us you come on oh so sorry
hahahaha that's a good thumbnail right
Oh kid I love that oh really
Jackson Jackson come here Jackson loves
grandmas dear and every time that he
comes he's crawling and falling he looks
at Grandma's dear little gold deer can
you see him can you see those deer
that's your favorite thing when we come
to Grandma's we got to Grandma's house
and we were surprised at the house full
of cousins and little Eve and Jackson
have been following each other around
and he you see you've been giving kisses
to Jackson ever since we got here
they've been giving hugs and following
each other around so we're at my parents
house and my dad has had this pheasant
in his backyard for a few days now and I
just went behind the tree so we could
barely see him I have to show you that
that doesn't has been in my dad's
backyard for a few days and he's just
hanging out going around he's enjoy the
big backyard isn't that huge
Jackson has now learned how to climb up
on grandma and grandpa's little hearth
oh that's what it's called
that's fancy is a step of the step by
the fireplace oh yeah
so I'm just gonna watch him for a minute
I'm gonna see if he learned how to get
down because you did at Bonnie's house
he knew how to get down so we'll just
we'll just watch you for a minute
oh come on let's go you got it he had it
come to Papa
come on you're you got it you got it
you look if you look if you felt
something you got it look you can fill
my hand you got it good job with a
little help
finally no no I got there and get your
cheerio
good job say mama
poisonous goods not just me say it like
you did earlier say mama say mom mama
say mama mama I do it the first time in
he mum mum See Mom that was a little bit
my mother my girl with the years every
girl at the end say mom
you see mom See Mom
say mama ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
ha ha that was so good yeah yeah I got
it come on kiss hey thank you see mama
mama I could bring it here I'm gonna get
that food one way or another
hello hello we are here you'll never
guess where we are
I'll give you a hint it deals with fire
we are at the fire department actually
in Ellie's hometown because they put on
an amazing light display and we're going
to go look at it in fact there's a
couple light displays that we want to go
see one is in Salt Lake that we really
want to go see cuz the salt Temple
Square is just gorgeous but Ellie's
always wanted to take me here to the
fire department because I guess it's
amazing y'all like the best in town for
sure well I don't want to get their
hopes up and then she'll well I
it looks pretty good Jackson's never
seen them so this would be so fun to
take him through but guys let's go look
at the light let's go sing sing sparrow
in the bridge through the winter Barney
ring ring bells of the church ping ping
don't wanna first
to the fame
Oh that'll win two hearts in a winter
boxing singly bout a stinky song title
superb song girls no this is Christmas
Day
Sing Sing Sparrow in the perch through
the winter morning ring ring bells of
the church
ding rap the scars and pull the hat song
join the dance down on the old home
while the morning frost clings to the
I'm the zone
Oh that'll winter parts it'll winter
boxing scentless every single song title
superb sing little school oh this is
Christmas Day thanks for watching guys
we had a wonderful day I hope you
enjoyed today's vlog be sure to thumbs
it up if you did and as always we'll see
you tomorrow
and we're gonna make out Oh bye
