Jack did you shut your toy closet you
can't get into your toys ah there you go
there you go you can go play now
well we gotta leave it open no silly
move your body we got to leave it open
there now you can go play son the future
is yours
go play come on mama plays with you
you'll come in won't come play come on
come play with me
say mama mama mama mama say mama mama
see there you go
say Dada Dada Dada da Dada da Dada da
Jack's Kate say ma ma ma ma ma se ma ma
ma ma ma good enough good morning guys
today is really special because guess
what remember that nativity scene that
Jared and I participated in well that
video just came out today so we're going
to make sure to have that video down
below but most importantly there is
another video and it is a deficit rep
he's the one that filmed a lot of of
what was going on and he has a behind
the scenes video on his channel and I
mean Jared and I are in it for a couple
of seconds and I'm not trying to promote
it because like we're in it but really
because we watched the video and I was
almost just as touched watching that
video as I was watching the original
nativity scene video so we're going to
have both of those videos down below but
really check out I'm Devin Supertramp
behind the scenes I just thought it was
really cool because they were talking
about how it wasn't just like one
religion or one belief it was just like
a huge community came together and like
everybody was participating everyone was
volunteering and I just turned out to be
really cool so I really enjoyed watching
those videos this morning oh one more
oh sweet potatoes can I get a high five
high five right here you don't know what
you're high-fiving let me tell you I
think I have a picture-perfect meal I
have made meals all week this week and I
have liked them but nothing has been
were
are either making again or putting in my
recipe book but this is my friends and
it is none other than ham skelet
potatoes baby look at that cheese does
it look so good I got me a little dish
and Jared a dish and some salad and I
made lunch and dinner because we are
eating this for lunch and dinner and
lunch and dinner tomorrow so I'm gonna
go give this to Jared little Jack's
asleep and I am proud of myself so high
five guys give me a high five
you didn't raise your hand please
please raise your hand guys I do feel it
high five high high five the screen dad
do it not doing a dad lift your hand up
high five okay Jared the one and only
time they may possibly see you today and
guess what
what I already brush my teeth good the
high five but your hair's not done huh I
got your lunch thank you so much you
honestly Mel it now Jared doesn't really
love potatoes he's like weird
he doesn't like mashed potatoes but he
will eat baked potatoes and you like
scalloped potatoes Jill yeah I will it
has some ham in it but here's a funny
story growing up I did not like potatoes
I would not eat potatoes and that's so
weird because everyone loves potatoes
there was one time when I was like eight
years old my grandpa was at my house
grandpa Gibbs who just passed away he
would not let me leave the table until I
ate my potatoes and I took a bite and I
threw up no it's because you ate all of
them not just a bite you said you had to
eat oh yeah I know but I threw up
everywhere and it wasn't until I went to
Finland that I actually started eating
and liking potatoes I because you just
that's all you ate and you know when you
were eating in Finland like you have to
eat what you get or you don't need it
all
not that Finland is bad but it's just as
missionary so you just don't have any
money so um but yeah I grew to like some
potatoes instead of no potatoes well I
for one cannot wait for this
I am leaving Jared again to work guess
what can you see this
I just used it I am helping Jared work
today so it's been really fun but
actually I'm going to eat in here with
you
we're going to eat okay let's do it okay
do it to it baby let's make out not
let's eat potatoes Sammy oh no let's eat
potatoes no there Lee so I did just to
make Jared spit his gum out cuz I was
over there we were practicing singing
and um I was like I was so about I was
experiment we come you know it makes me
nauseous like I hate gum I don't like
gum when I'm pregnant I lie and I'm
sorry I shouldn't do that
I love gum though I always chew gum ever
since YouTube I stopped eating God by
the way okay well no there's a few
comments but no one likes they see
someone shopping so now I do mints
I don't do got many more hi jack hi how
are you you know what I think that maybe
we should go play with cousin Boston and
cousin Olivia and Cody is that a good
idea drunk OC Boston don't go play with
him and crawl around like you did
yesterday you don't want to he'll be so
sad that you don't want to go see him
Jackson that will hurt his Italy huh you
change your mind you want to go should
we go yeah yes we should go see them
you're gonna come too you know oh I wish
I could but I can't but yo come with me
ah are you gonna go with mommy he's like
just kitty I think just get me out of
them crap I just get me out of the scrub
well sometimes you just gotta break the
huh sometimes you've just gotta break
the rules sometimes you just gotta break
the rules
he's like this is my crib yeah he
doesn't know what to think about it does
not want you in there come here
cuddle dad go cut off come here
he does not want you in there there's a
smile there you go hey there's a
stranger in my crib there's a stranger
in my bed did you hear that though he's
like I don't know he was so mad daddy
didn't look good see Jackson this is how
you escape the crib you put one leg over
do you remember that one time when I
tripped on the gate tomorrow
Jackson will fall out of his crib and
will have broken arms No you'll be a
good boy you'll stay in there that was
really funny that was funny
come on Jackson let's go foxtons already
halfway down yeah guess what I need you
come on Jax land open up he's going up
fosters going down
come on Jax you have to come down to
Boston can Jackson get on there with you
there's no room Jackson's like yeah yeah
that's good
screw down take up a large Jax is like
this is good right don't fit well Jax is
like I've already shared my crib blew
down okay get moving all right hold on
tight delete delete delete delete delete
they're staying on good he's smiling
Jack did the same sighs oh don't fall
off doo-doo-doo-doo dad you're off well
it's cause he's not using his hands I
will not let go haha before we go who
wants to give Jackson a kiss goodbye huh
you do less you feel kiss you say kisses
mwah Oh perfect you wanna give him a
kiss I'll give them up with a kiss a hug
with a kiss huh Oh Rooney
Oh Oh kisses oh my goodness
good thing we're a family have fun get
sick won't go sick just kidding here in
a month when flu season comes more I
won't be tellin everyone again kisses
okay love you you're coming home with me
no more boston's we got here and Jackson
the first thing he did he saw Bonnie and
embossing of his hands
haha he was so excited tonight I'm gonna
make sure to record next time you walk
in hey guys so I wasn't really in
today's vlog very much but that's okay
we all know the real reason you guys
watch these videos is this cute oh my
god that's my Jackson go cheese say
cheese cheese it makes every once in a
while he'll make like a Velociraptor
sound I'll be like a it's so funny oh
you're so cute oh you're the best
I love my family guys I love these guys
on I love you guys favor but my boys
maybe maybe in a in a week or two it'll
be twin like like well tent repairs to
boys or it'll be why do you wanna go
everyone
all righty guys thanks so much for
watching we'll see you guys tomorrow you
guys are the best thank you
