tell them the truth I haven't brushed my
teeth today what I haven't brushed my
teeth today Jackson have you brushed
yours mister I love my pinky it's not
that I haven't wanted to it's just I've
literally been busy ever since I woke up
hey guys this is sick me and drop assist
she and Jared woke up
we woke and I made breakfast wait wait
wait let me throw some snaps in there
I made Oh Jared and I woke up mmm and
then I made some bacon oh yeah and then
and then Jared came into his little
office and slammed the door I slam the
door and at ten o'clock he started
working on a little project in the
morning for his channel for my check
which is that I channel which is that
and then it is now 5:30 at night it's
5:30 at night
so you've been working all day day I
have not stopped either no he has not no
yeah Samia Jackson we have been running
errands we got the oil change I ran into
Emma at Walmart if you were yes I'm
sorry that I didn't get to be there with
you I know I was like I'm sorry Jackson
Jared aren't here but you know we just
ran errands but guys it is throwback
Thursday Thursday you go downstairs
where it's prettier look for the
Christmas tree is times on throw on
Thursdays we did you throwback Thursdays
where we just kind of tell you guys a
story or something about us oh it's
probably blurry because our camera
stinks with the lighting no it's not too
blurry and sometimes we don't do
throwback Thursday it's like if we have
something that like we're doing
something fun of the family or we're
going somewhere or we forget or we
forget about film and sometimes we do
throwback Thursday so today we are doing
a throwback Thursday some of you may
have heard the story a little bit
my parents definitely heard this tell
them oh no you guys may have heard the
story
because you were when I was on twitch
streaming a video gaming we were we were
talking about this and it's a story
about me when I was a young lad a young
lad in Spokane Washington I was in the
Boy Scouts are you looking at the
cameras though like I was in the Boy
Scouts and I was a mirror I was like 10
or 12 years old I can't remember but we
were on what's called the Mountain Man
rendezvous where we go up in the
mountains and we camp and we do like
black powder shooting archery tomahawk
throwing it was a lot of fun and it was
really cold so when you get there before
it started the first thing you got to do
is you've got to start a fire so you can
have you know dinner and everything and
you can stay warm so my Scoutmaster or
the you know the person in charge of our
group of our scout group was like having
us get different things to help start
the fire and I was I you know and have
the personality I'm ready I'm first in
line to help I want to get things going
I want to be proactive wait tell me what
did you and I'll go do it exactly and so
my Scoutmaster is like oh crap
Jarrod you would not believe I just
forgot one of the most important things
to start the fire we have to have this
in order to start the fire I'm like what
is it I'll go around I'll search for it
I'll get it for you he's like I forgot
the fallopian tube go ask the camp next
door for a fallopian tube because they
have one because there have a fire going
already and I'm like okay fallopian tube
I'll go do that okay now if you guys
don't know what a fallopian tube is I'll
wait till the end of the story why don't
you grab Jackson okay so I grabbed my
buddy who is none the wiser
and we're going to the next camp and
we're going over and we're saying guys
we need a fallopian tube to start the
fire can you help us find one and some
of the kids are like and then the
Scoutmaster he the other guy he knows
exactly what's going on cuz he's a
Scoutmaster and this is what people do
that's fun it's joking but to me at the
time I had no ideas like we actually use
all of ours up starting the fire go to
the go to the to the camp headquarters
they should have plenty because they
always bring extras for the mountain-man
rendezvous so I went all the way to camp
headquarters which was probably like a
mile away and I said Jacksonville and
let me watch these videos he said so I
went to the the camp headquarters and I
said guys we need to start a fire we
need a fallopian tube to start the fire
please can you help us and the camp
director looks at me and rolls his eyes
harder than I have ever seen anyone roll
their eyes before and he said guys
you've been pranked do you know what a
fallopian tube is and I was like no but
we needed to start a fire and they're
like no no you don't facepalm guys go
back and ask what go back and ask your
Scoutmaster what a fallopian tube really
is and I'm like okay whatever we just
want to start a fire and so me and my
buddy Sean we've walked back to our camp
it was Sean yeah
and we're like guys what the heck is a
fallopian tube and why don't we need it
to start a fire and everyone started
busting up laughing like all the adults
were just laughing hysterically about
this fallopian tube well a fallopian
tube is in the female reproductive
system so where the egg travels down
yeah the egg travel down into the uterus
and if your parents get mad at us for
talking about fallopian tubes I'm sorry
it's female anatomy yeah you'll learn
about it in school I promise but I
remember that and my so here's the funny
another funny story my sister Melanie
her she's married to Gary my
brother-in-law
well my Scoutmaster was his brother so
we were like family friends and so the
first thing when we got home is he told
my family this story and it's been a
joke ever since every time we all get
together we always bring up the
fallopian tube story like Oh Jared don't
forget to grab the fallopian tubes while
you're out it's the most embarrassing
thing but I actually laugh at it now
because it's really funny and I think
it's cool that I can look back and laugh
on that but that's my fallopian tube
story and
stick into it it was a lot of fun it was
funny but that's our throwback Thursday
that's what we've got going on Ellie
what are we doing for the rest of the
night oh but here's one thing you can
bet when I'm a Scoutmaster or when I've
taken kids camping I'm gonna get revenge
I'm gonna seek justice and Dave it might
be your kids like Jarrod you look like
you did when you woke up I do I do and I
feel so bad but I've honestly been like
slaving over the computer all day I
really hope it turns out well and if it
doesn't we're gonna post it anyway
because I seriously we will because it's
just that's why you learn yeah so so
yeah that's not that's not true Mike
there's an entire team oh I have one
here all hurry I'll hurry
since Jared Jonas throwbackthursday
about when he was at a camp I'll do a
throwback Thursday when I was at a youth
camp young women's camp
I almost got sent home and I was there
was like three different age groups and
I was in the middle age group and there
was a new age group that just came in
and I think she was like 12 just the new
ones coming in we were playing capture
the flag at night this is so like oh my
gosh it was crazy
don't judge me yes you could judge me oh
my gosh should I share it we were we do
you know what I'm talking about we were
playing capture the flag and I just
thought it was so funny me and another
girl were going around to panting
everybody are you serious it's just
girls no boys were there it's just girls
it was dark you couldn't see anything it
was just funny that's funny right so
anyway we were depan seeing people and
every we were laughing and then we we
should not have but we a tree depants
tag Earl that had just gotten in and I
don't even think she was mad I think her
mom was really mad and so we almost got
sent home from camp we got big trouble
and of course I mean come on I was a
little kid too I shouldn't I wasn't even
thinking but I did say sorry and I meant
it but yeah I almost got
from camp so here's the question of the
day is it pantsing or D pantsing oh crap
I what is it I don't know that's why I'm
kind of like sawing on thought guys I
just I say everything wrong
no no it's not you because I would say D
pantsing but I've heard people say
pantsing leave it in the comments below
what do you guys think it is is it
panting or deep panting well whatever it
is I call it deep pants ain't no just a
chop off the pan okay guys I think
that's our throughout Thursday that was
kind of personal that was all story that
got kind of interpersonal history
Jackson when you watch this when you're
older you're gonna have people and ask
for the fallopian tube IATA that is our
fallopian tube in pantsing story yes
thanks so much for watching guys we will
see you tomorrow and tomorrow for you
guys is Friday happy Friday
enjoy your weekend see you tomorrow bye
under the mistletoe under the mistletoe
baby under the mistletoe universe
tricked
