who's that right there oh is that you is
that you yeah that's you wait wait who's
that oh who's that set that it daddy say
mama mama Q say mama hey guys good
morning we are ever bed all of us we had
it was kind of a weird night it was a
crazy night I can say that we slept in
it's like that's not why we slept in but
uh I gave Jackson zucchini last time for
last night for the first time and then I
right before you went to bed I had a
couple more jars of baby food I'm slowly
getting rid of him because he's just
been eating what we eat and I gave him
some carrots I don't know what it was
but a few hours later like five hours
later he's threw up everywhere like you
threw up on the stairs and then an hour
later he threw up all over the kitchen
and he was happy I felt so bad because
like he for a second he was like
throwing up and but in between he was
smiling and happy and I was just like
that's not fun like you just throw up
poor guy but he was still all smiles
like mmm so I don't know God is and we
were planning on going into town today
to finish all of our families shopping
and I was like I'm not gonna take him if
he's not feeling well and he was happy
hi
Oh I mean one two oh it's like if I can
see you'll stop talking if he'll do this
checksum yeah so I think we did decide
we're gonna get ready he seems really
happy he's had breakfast and
everything's gone well so I think we're
gonna venture into our new town we
haven't even gone to like all the new
fun little stuff that they have here so
it'll be fun maybe it'll be on Main
Street and then we can go to the
Bluebird and go get a chocolate or maybe
though we'll go to the mr. Roger store
on Main Street - they have a mr. Rogers
yeah I talked about it in the cup
long ago that's why we got his reindeer
sweater was the mr. Rogers store on Main
Street
Jackson I think we're in heaven we're in
a toy star huh this is so fun Ellie
where'd you go
Ellie's off looking at toys already we
so um I told you guys about the activity
we went to the other day they had a big
tree where we had breakfast at our
church yeah they had a big tree of local
people in our community that are less
fortunate and you could choose like
gifts that kids need or you can choose
like like clothes maybe kids need
clothes or like hygiene products so we
are trying to find a few toys for some
kids and then we're gonna head to
another store and try and find like a
couple like fun girly like body gifts
for girls like a body spray or something
like that so this is such a cute store
that I'm really excited cuz look they've
got the giant giraffe they've got a
zebra up there this is so fun
Jackson and I are I'm gonna have to come
here on our own sometime we will have so
much fun what the what the oh I knew you
were gonna look pretty discerning fancy
seeing you here bunny it's not like we
planned this or anything be there or be
square I'm gonna get you hi guys
yeah how are you good it's so good to
see you guys I didn't even know you were
here you guys were just so quiet playing
with the toys yeah yeah look at this
train coat he's that so fun
yeah I wouldn't have believed it if I
didn't see it with my own two eyeballs
this happy little boy just took a two
hour nap I can't believe it it's so
weird one day he takes a 30-minute nap
one day he takes a 15-minute nap the
other day he takes a two-hour nap where
is your consistency buddy I don't care I
love it either way you as a decimal what
in the world
I love you I love you I love you and I
love you oh you found someone the
Christmas tree ha ha
Ellie um when we got back home from
doing some shopping for Christmas Ellie
went out back and about to go take care
of some other things that she had to do
so she's running errands I'm hanging out
with my son Jackson we're having some
father-son bonding time meanwhile he's
playing in the the toy chests over here
I've been responding to some of your
comments and my favorite thing in the
world is when people comment and they
say I'm not feeling too well I watch
your videos and it makes me feel better
or hey there's someone who just
commented I'm just graduating with my
masters degree and any time things were
you know difficult or hard I would watch
one of your videos and it would cheer me
up that seriously makes my day that we
are having an impact on other people's
lives and then they tell us about it
because guess what your comment makes my
day you guys make me feel better you
guys make me feel happy so thank you
guys so much I love the community that
YouTube brings it is so much fun and you
guys mean so much to us and to this guy
Jackson yours are cute look who just got
home it's mom mommy's home what do you
think buddy he's so happy to see mom Oh
your breath is s your little baby
brother hey I'm excited because Ellie
called me and told me that she has three
surprises for me so I think just to see
what those three surprises are I think
the best for laughs okay what I
officially got your spray wax oh so I
can properly do my hair I don't know if
you guys have known this but I've been
struggling with some weird liquid stuff
I know my hair hasn't been on point yeah
but now I can finally do my hair I got
you one bottle oh I have four surprises
one oh one bottle of doctor fabric when
I just said my goal is to not drink as
much but I think one is better than I
just haven't gotten a lot
like juice just one just one last me Oh
for surprise don't judge these are
Jared's favorites Oh corn dogs corn dogs
they are so good for me
corn dogs corn dogs eat one just for me
eat them in the hop either when you're
cold
eating win the war eat a one robe okay
one last one okay this is the main gift
this is the me don't look
oh sorry the main present the main the
main I'll let you do the honors oh my
beef stick it's a summer sausage this is
the holidays to me Jarrod's been talking
about this for like two weeks oh we just
haven't been able to go out and so now
you're getting on getting a Hickory
Farms summer sausage is like that and
cheese and rich crackers are like my
favorite thing Oh
cracked crackers in general rich
crackers are where we normally get but
that is like the holidays to me sitting
around watching a football game eating
summer sausage opening presents eating
summer sausage singing carols eating
summer sausage that's the holidays to me
well I can't wait I can't wait to eat a
life is awesome Wow oh I'm so excited
Oh summer sausage and dr. pepper I'm
sorry
salivating uh
I see you you kids in you can see
yourself
yeah are you so baby like looking at
yourself is that what it is well he does
get his looks from his father cuddly for
watching our friends I have that watch
any of our friends for a long time I
haven't been able to watch Brian and
Missy : and Katie have been able to
watch Jenny Wagner haven't been able to
watch seriously anybody I haven't
watched a lot of people that I want to
catch up on I also want to catch up on
April and Davey's vlogs so Jax and I are
taking a little rest for catching up on
vlogs Jackson's in the house he's got
his horse and he's got his cow he's
ready to saddle up folks if you guys
could to here in Jackson was in the room
he's here at he's making his presence
would certainly well know I like
everybody I like that he found both of
those toys that's what you sound thanks
enemy oh my goodness you are the
highlight of our life seriously isn't he
the best
yes let me show you this real quick guys
I want to show you this yeah as we say
good night look at this plate well I'm
still now you can talk look at this
plate of goodness as we all right we're
going to partake of Ellie and I and
Jackson are going to sit down we're
gonna eat this and we're gonna watch a
show we're going to enjoy a cup of hot
chocolate hot chocolate
look at her hot chocolate maker that
made this hot chocolate we took it took
us forever last year to find that and we
wanted the cocoa motion one it's like
$20 and we could
never find it so we ended up getting
this and so hockey Coco
it was $30 but we got it last year but
we use it all the time I'm super excited
to have it but I'm sorry guys we're
gonna have to leave you cuz we're gonna
have some family night it's family night
it's Monday we're gonna be together on
family night and we're gonna eat a treat
we are gonna watch our son run around
with little horses and cattle he loves
those toys by the way like he's been
holding this this cow a lot lately I
think we should get him some more of
those grandma bought those for him toys
laughs forever
oh yeah the Schleich writer I don't even
know what it is I'll tell you when they
don't wait ever yeah they do Kate
Jackson
say good night to everyone hey second
night see thanks for watching guys did
you give them a kiss nope
okay guys we'll see you tomorrow
