hello everyone hello Jackson how are you
today oh that's a weird binky you
haven't had that in a long time
hey mr. smiley yoe how are you you
having a good day he is on point with
the sweaters that's all I know he just
picked it right back up and put it is
enough you were just take you for your
own good
hello Christmas tree how are you doing
today it's a fine day to be a Christmas
tree isn't it uh Oh our little star is
kind of droopy a little bit but you know
what makes up for that droopiness over
there
we just hung up our mistletoe so Ellie
anytime you want to stand under here I'm
more than willing to come over and stand
next to you let's see I'm just gonna
stand right here oh my goodness happy
Sunday everyone guys Ellie is ringing
true with her goals already she was like
I'm gonna get a new recipe and I'm gonna
start cooking new things so today we
have some zucchini yeah which is mushy
what's good yeah it looks really good
but what else are we making today oh
it's good it's still good
we are having a homemade chicken alfredo
right homemade alfredo the chicken looks
good yeah I'm really excited to eat it
and guess what you're gonna join us
we're gonna have lunch together right
Jackson is that what's going on or
didn't have lunch together Ellie has her
goal of trying to get new recipes and
cooking a lot more I have a goal to and
this is something that I've wanted to do
for a long time and I haven't really
been very good at and that in fact I'm
thinking of one right now I'm craving
one really bad dr. pepper I I in the
past I've drinking too much dr. pepper I
love dr. pepper with all my heart might
mind and strength I love dr.
but saw the pop is really all not that
good for you I mean can I get an amen to
that it's really not the best thing
water is clearly way better but it
doesn't taste near as good which is why
dr. pepper is so good because it tastes
amazing but what I want to do is I
certainly want to stop drinking a lot
less specific but I want to find an
alternative something that's good that's
something that's better because I mean
you know what carbonated drink can you
get that is actually good for you I
don't think it's possible I want some
sort of drink that's good for you that I
can just grab from the fridge and have a
drink while I'm editing or something
like that or having a lunch I like water
but you know water is good but it's not
the tastiest thing in the world so what
do you guys think is there any soda or
any drink out there that you guys know
of or could recommend that oh my
goodness look pieces of chicken oh man
like I should probably head like a salad
but it's so mushy it's okay it's so good
it's gonna be really good I know that do
you guys know of any drinks that I
should try that are good and healthier
than Dr Pepper that tastes exactly like
Dr Pepper and after the Hangout I felt
kind of AX I was just like whatever
everything up the afterwards like I told
Jared I was like I haven't had like a
very bad day and I just like cried and
cried I was like my back hurts in my
tubby or it's about or it's really about
it didn't show honestly while you're in
the Hangout it didn't seem like you felt
that well I thought I just I went to bed
early early and I still woke up with a
headache and hmm I just feel gross you
look really good though I rubbed your
neck and back for awhile so I hope that
helped yeah so that's Ellie hasn't been
feeling too well
honestly the past couple days she's been
feeling pretty nauseous so you're in
your second trimester
you're like not nauseous my skin hurts
like it stretchy
yeah are you in your second trimester
yes when did you start your third
trimester it's got a week 30
I can't math anymore okay this is
Jackson's very first a zucchini so we're
anxious to see how he reacts to it focus
feel it show it off put it in your mouth
what do you think oh he just didn't want
me to feed it yeah just give it another
shot that's what has a slightly
different texture but I think it's gonna
be just as desirable in Toulouse oh yeah
it's a it's a certainly a little bit
saltier a little bit more squishy but I
think it's pretty good I think I like it
yep yep definitely good I think it's a
do it again mommy's doing so much better
I think it's a do good mom yes I just
took a bite of my first time making this
and I think this is just as good as any
restaurant oh great that's awesome
that's good news for me try it I'm gonna
try a run now tell the truth that's good
yep definitely like restaurant quality
Jared and I decided well Bonnie texted
Jared she's been having a hard time
fixing her computer for some video stuff
and she was stressed and then she texted
Jared she's like never mind I don't like
my kids are upset right now I'm just
gonna forget it
and I get a cuddle and I haven't been
feeling well today and I feel like I've
kind of been short
I'm sorry Jared and I said you know
let's eat dinner and let's let's not
worry about anything else let's just sit
down as a family and let's watch like a
Christmas movie we haven't watched one
here yet and so we are gonna sit and
cuddle and watch elf and hopefully I
will feel better and then my mr. Grinch
cranky pants will leave me and hopefully
my head will feel better and but it is
fun seeing in Jackson learning new
things he said getting on and off or off
the couch all by himself but now he like
is stuck and doesn't know how let me
help you just like that whoop yep kind
of haha just like that he's loving it
your head down hmm well I'll get a
cuddle we're gonna watch this movie as a
family hey it's fine
be good boy
well I think we all got some good rest
especially this guy right yeah look at
that smile oh how are you feeling honey
because I really I don't I don't feel
well
today I don't hear voluminous it's so
voluptuous right now just like your lip
I feel like I've been lazy all day like
I've just kind of been like laying all
day like I slept in a lot this morning
you were able to let me do that and I
just I just can't kick it headaches
honestly headaches are not fun and Ellie
I think for being pregnant and how bad
she's feeling I think she's actually
doing a good job yeah she's not she's a
trouper she does not complain I know if
I were in her shoes right now I would be
flat on the bed and I would be hitting
the light and I'd be like Jackson and I
just finished putting the bed together
after washing it and it was so much fun
because he was like he was grabbing the
sheet and he was walking with it it was
really cute yeah yeah thank you you're
welcome well I think that's pretty much
it for today guys come tonight well the
reason why we have to sign off right now
is because Ellie and I are gonna work on
something together we're gonna do
something together we're gonna practice
something together we're gonna do
something together for you guys oh it's
a way to start practicing now but we'll
see if we can get it but it's gonna be
enjoyable it's gonna be for your eyes
and your ears you know some more of that
I made cuz it was so good Hey look Ellie
real quick before before you go let's
kiss under the mistletoe one more time
thanks for watching guys we'll see you
tomorrow
and another action-packed adventure of
Ellie and Jared
