I know who taught you that he he your
cousin Cody
good morning it is bright and early and
we are 2 minutes late we are supposed to
be at our church because we have a
little Church breakfast and I
volunteered to make something and let me
tell you
tip tip what's today tip Sunday for you
but they'll see it Sunday yeah
tip Sunday for you there you never never
never ever ever make something new to
take to a baby shower birthday church
event never the top layer doesn't look
too bad their little croissants with
like jelly and cream cheese in it
they're over easy to make but they kind
of actually I don't think they're gonna
be that bad they're not too terrible but
I wasn't very impressed last night but
guess what I'm taking them anyway
because this is what I have I attempted
I tried and hopefully people like it oh
man look at all this food seriously
super day Thank You Jared for being
maybe the only but first one to grab the
thing that I made so they have to try it
you made it I have to give it a shot
seriously we just put a down injure and
like no one had grabbed when you and I
saw Jared grab one I'm like you're a
good husband thank you you're a good man
thank you so someone just came up to
talk to Jackson at us and everything and
for the first time in Jax's life he was
like shy and he kind of like put his
head in my shoulder when he was laughing
it was a weird
he's never done that before but I think
you certainly get a little bit shy when
you meet he's I get shy like just give
me a look at his Christmas sweater isn't
that the most amazing thing in the world
good boy or should I say good morning
from your nap hi smiles smiles hahaha
how are you oh thank you
did you know soon you're gonna be a year
old did you guys know that we have to
film an 11 a month update for you we
didn't do a 10 month update for Jackson
but it's ok you can drink it but we need
to film an 11 month update for Jackson
today and I figured since who kind of
got ready today did it be a fun time to
do it but I'm gonna have a one-year-old
it's really weird I'm glad that we've
been filming because we have like almost
his whole year on camera we could go
back at any time and see him it was so
crazy
son one year you're gonna have a little
brother or a little sister
that's insane you probably can't even
see oh yeah you can you can kinda see my
little belly there so I have a goal in
mind you can make goals before January
1st you can make goals all year round
but I have a really specific goal that I
want to work on this coming year and
that is recipes because this is my
favorite recipe book it's just a binder
and I throw like a bunch of recipes in
here and I really have only like I only
have a couple recipes that I cook and we
just we go through the same three four
recipes all the time so I just went
grocery shopping and does anybody else
go grocery shopping and then you look at
your fridge after and you're like I have
no food I actually feel like the fridge
looks extremely full only because this
is the first time we have filled that we
have gone grocery shopping just a little
bit since we've moved but then when we
went to Thanksgiving and then we've gone
like everywhere and I feel like we're
finally home and I can really go grocery
shopping but I have a goal that I want
to make meals or make new meals and then
if I like it take a picture of it and
then I'm going to print the recipe print
the picture on the recipe that way as
I'm flipping through my recipe book I
can like see what it looks like that
sounds kind of crazy maybe but every
time I'm online I'm like looking at
recipes online that's like I look at the
pictures and if that looks decent then
I'm gonna make it so I don't know I just
I have a bunch of new recipes that I'm
gonna try this next week and if I like
I'm gonna take a picture of it and
that's my goal
that is what I'm gonna do so I
definitely by the end like it's almost
January so by the end of the year I want
a full recipe book so that anytime I can
open it up make a recipe and I don't
have to go through the first little
three Mills that I'm always used to so
let's go see your Jarrett's doing be fed
drum beat then you know I think Jackson
has like a strong fixin for Joel like
whenever Joel comes over Jackson comes
right up for love and I just like best
bugs they're just hanging out here but
because Barney and Joel are ready we got
Jackson ready because they're guys
they're gonna take Jackson on deck
yeah like relaxing people yeah I think
you think babies smell other babies on
you okay like I think like you've been
around a baby it smell Boston on me
that's in here a long time ago that if
you're ever in just stress when you were
younger like in your distress and you
see a mom like that's you need to run
too because you know they're gonna be
safe yeah unless they're crazy moms oh
no I found a crazy mom vanya is just
going on a date Bonnie Joel so they said
things they're going to the Nutcracker
doesn't that sound like a lot of fun we
should do some little scary night you
know we ran into some nutcrackers at
Grandma's house oh wow big day they'd
like this
and they jump I'm mr. Rogers I know
where did you find that sweater I love a
mr. Roger shop on Main Street you know
Gymboree Gymboree
yeah totally Christmas yeah your Ruby
loves that store and so I went into it
for the first time oh my god there was
actually some pretty sweet deals there
right Jackson you are so hyper
you are so hyper I've never seen you so
hyper Jackson the longer fits in the
bumble I have to buy him a little high
chair thing but I feed him a bite
he goes join of my whoops oh gosh hi he
gets a bite and then he runs and in
place and then I'll come back and I'll
take a bite and then I'll run again does
he get to fight oh just enough for a
bite and then he rides again where you
run this time I think cuz I'm here you
might be just what's he doing right over
here there he goes oh oh you want
another bite want another bite here you
go
oh that's pokey go and easie but you
just been doing this back and forth he
runs and runs and runs hmm
I don't know which direction he's gonna
go home is on the couch he just he's
just been squealing you're high for
little boy tonight you're huh you're
hyper Jackson Jackson leave dad alone he
is going potty I know who taught you
that he your cousin Cody
he's trying to look Jared that's so
funny how is that interruption of a
bathroom right you like probably though
interruption I've ever had no T the best
interruption I've ever had the pleasure
of experiencing Jackson pregnancy brain
I'm making a bacon a turkey bacon
avocado sandwich for dinner and I just
put that head of lettuce in the cover
and I put the tinfoil in the fridge no
le fridge no element I took it out I dig
it up but you know that's pregnancy
brain I've had pregnancy brain good
thing I can blame things on the babies
right my baby's in the farted my baby's
on that makes me lose my mind
my baby's the one that makes me cranky
no you make me happy you make mama happy
hey guys we are sitting here with some
awesome awesome youtubers here we're
doing a live hangout let's wait for the
color awesome viewers so everyone say
hello
we've got April and Davi we've got Josh
and Christina
we've got Leah and Aaron Matt and Emily
and Scott freaking Jarvey we are having
a blast we're answering a bunch of
questions so thank you guys for tuning
in if you did and leaving your questions
but we're gonna call it a night
oh god this was a live hangout and it
was hosted on Matt and Emily's channel
and if you guys didn't watch you really
really miss the part of where we talked
about you know fan tubes slopey and
tubes that Jared his Scoutmaster once I
don't know we're just gonna have to do a
throwback Thursday I've got it all so
good for you but thank you guys so much
for watching today we'll see you guys in
tomorrow's video bye
