come on let's go grandma will follow
stare enough let's go let's go you're
almost there
good job and the crowd roars yeah
Jackson
good morning guys we are at Grandma's
house
I think Jared and dad went to go do some
manly things I don't know they may be
trying to do flips off a mountain or
something but we have to start our
morning by telling you our dreams i
Jared woke up threes like Ellie you are
so mean sometimes I I guess I was like
hitting him and like kind of kicking in
last night I don't know what I was
dreaming about must have been mad
I don't know but mom had a very sweet
dream do you mind sharing that's your
sweet dream look the light is like right
behind you all the apart I have a dream
that Ellie sent me the picture of what
do they call to sound ultrasound and the
the baby had a little pink ball on its
head and anyway you sent it to me and I
was all excited because you told me
before you told everybody
so mom didn't have to wait for a video
to find out I was having a girl
so apparently mom had a dream eyes I had
a girl last night and I believe my my
sister-in-law Jennifer that's expecting
as well she said that she had a dream I
was having a girl not that long ago and
then I told you guys after I had Jackson
I had like four or five dreams in a row
of having a baby girl soon after I had
Jackson which is so weird I have no idea
that's my dad what did dad say it's a
win-win it's a win-win and if and if
this little baby doesn't come with a bow
on her hand then the next little baby oh
yeah yeah I kind of a fun dream so we'll
see you guys three weeks less than three
weeks we find out Snowbasin pre Olympic
tryouts here we go ready Jared you're up
all righty ladies and gentlemen we are
here live at snow base and with none
other than professional skier Chad here
my father-in-law is an amazing spirit
he's showing me the ropes I don't need a
lesson from instructors you know I don't
need this you know professional ski
instructor snow basin I've got my dad
we're here as Soviets we're skiing today
and it's a lot of fun there's not a ton
of snow but you know we're making do
with what we have and this is like my
second time skiing ever in my entire
life so I'm pretty excited but we've got
a pretty good view here they did the
Olympics here right that's my Basin yeah
yeah have the Olympics here the women
and men's downhill swing and super-g
yeah so I think that's the course we're
gonna run next so I think I am either
making or mom is deciding to get into
the Christmas spirit you're me you're
always good but mom just put the tree
look how pretty that is in Jackson
doesn't care he just wants to buck tree
how old how long's ball been named
married Oh ten years that's just the
Saudis mission so this is at least 1012
four before East issues I don't know
it's but it's it's seen a lot of
Christmases but it is a beauty still I
like the colored lights on it but mom
was like I texted my sisters and I said
what did you say I don't want to put up
the tree I said it seems like I just
took it down and I'm tired of all this
all of the decorations that I've got for
a long time I mean they have nice
memories but I couldn't like to get some
new stuff yeah so she said bah humbug I
do so so Ellie came down and she says
we're putting up your tree mom yes so we
are putting up mom even has some gifts
over here for I have some of the
grandkids how cute is that
kids ah me comes from grandma grandpa so
yes we're getting the tree Jack thing
you don't even care it's colored lights
those are more fun than the white lights
that I have he sees the colored lights
no and grandmas tree skirt look Jackson
KC is pink one see that light
look it's a colored light it's pink
that's orange Oh dad so cool yeah ooh
that's pretty
well it's official I had my first fall
it was an okay one I
I only tripped a little bit dad only
laughed a little bit at me but I have to
show you guys we're at the top of the
mountain right now and check out that
view isn't that gorgeous look at the
hillside all the way across there all
the clouds that's our view as we're
going down the mountain I have a hard
time watching where I'm going because
I'm looking out there that's why I fell
right because I'm looking at the
beautiful view so what Jarrod didn't
tell you was that the official
definition of a fall is when you fall
and you lose your at least one ski or
lose a pole he didn't lose any of the
skis where the poles so no he hasn't
fallen I'm so zero on Falls and
according to that definition I don't
have any Falls so I'm still sailing true
here and so we're we're okay
no no Falls yet but this is just really
a thing I like about skiing has seen the
outdoors and what looks like here this
is a beautiful ski resort
and then right as you round this corner
you get to the most beautiful part there
you go well testing this no no this
camera is fine isn't it okay this one's
great this one's fine this is probably
one of the first days that Jackson has
actually taken a sippy a little sippy
there's a bunch of water with just like
barely barely a half ounce of of just he
actually really likes it but I have to
show you guys real quick down memory
lane he remembers making a handmade
ornaments in school these are that's my
sister Julie that's Bo and that's Ruby
and Julie and look there's me that's me
when I was in sixth grade and then that
was me when I was in like fourth grade
Oh nuts buh buh right there that's cute
and then I made this when I was like 14
years ago I think it was 2000 when I
made it any of their most precious
precious to me the old forever yes what
else is precious to me is gee I don't
know if you guys saw on Bonnie's vlog it
was where my Aunt Linda was hugging all
of Bonnie's kids and Aunt Linda is my
dad's oldest sister and we love Aunt
Linda we laugh at that Linda we joke
with that Linda Aunt Linda is very
special to us she has special needs and
she made this a long time ago is that
right mom and all you can barely see her
writing right there I'm gonna find a
spot that you can see it yes there you
go now you can see it Aunt Linda made
this for my mom and dad and you can see
her handwriting down there this is just
such a sweet box that mom and dad will
probably always have but the inside she
gave us my mom and dad several years ago
and it's actually one of my favorite
Christmas decorations that my mom and my
mom and dad had growing up it's a little
Joseph and there's a little Mary in
there and then there's little baby Jesus
but it's just like the whole little set
right there this is the one that she did
for
I'm on grandpa oh and I stopped straight
oh sweet so these are the special things
I think this what makes well I agree and
I don't know but Jackson is literally up
well he just climbed up on that box
Jackson just climbed up on that bin we
are decorating and he is just on this
little bit now he climbed up and I
missed it but anyway it's so fun going
over those little ornaments that are fun
little memories ah good job you went
down the right way
good job so when you're on the slopes
and you're getting shown up by a two and
three-year-olds you've got to take a
break
build up your self-esteem and you got to
get a nice burger we're all here eating
around the table having a good time say
hello everyone hello just hanging out
here
I've only fallen sick spice know just
why it's not six times it might be
though we'll see we came up with the
definition if your skis don't fall off
it's not doesn't count as a fall yeah
it's a I think it's a really good
definition
I heard you've got some air take this
not amazing well I think Jackson's gonna
go to bed or eat grandma slipper depends
so he's gonna play this grandma slipper
but Jared just called me and said that
him and dad are actually still out and
about I am shocked because I thought
they were actually gonna be home a while
ago but Jared said the him and Logan
wanted to go do some stunts at some
stunt park and get cool GoPro footage or
something so I guess dad Logan and Jared
and I don't know maybe some other people
are going to go to the stunt park and go
film some stunts so I'm sure they're
gonna get awesome footage
this is the one the I painted axe not
that Mouse one was bad he's wrong I
remember helping feet this look at it
that is so funny half of this I must've
given up but look I do I remember
sitting here painting those these are
fun to have mom you can still like get
these um is this um ceramic mage is that
what those are yeah and then you can
paint them that's fun they mean
something to me well that was a lot of
fun honestly guys I've only gone skiing
like once before that and I feel like I
did pretty good I only fell three times
that's not too bad and Ola maybe that is
too bad guy I'm making these little
pastries for tomorrow for my church's
Christmas party and I was gonna like
home make the bread the bread and
everything and I just my head's
throbbing remember when I have my
headache and I was just like totally
incapacitated and had to take a nap
that's how Ellie's feeling right now and
I feel so bad bad I've been really lucky
because with Jackson I had him all the
time but this is only my second one this
pregnancy and I probably should drink
more water that's probably the big thing
we all can drink more water that's
something that we all need to do a
little better well I'm making these
pastries and I was gonna show you and I
was like I just I just gotta get it done
I'm just my head would you say you can't
even good you I just can't I just can't
even I just
just well guys I feel like I make
falling look good I'm pretty good at
blowing I think we're watching some of
the GoPro footage I think I think it'll
turn out pretty cool but thanks for
watching today guys I'm excited to see
how Ellie makes these things are gonna
turn out my god yeah thanks for watching
guys have a wonderful day and we'll see
you tomorrow
