so we just moved into our new place we
have way more counter space in the
bathroom than we did before
but it doesn't matter no matter how much
space we have Elly seems to fill it up
no matter what that's okay
yes your bathroom you can do whatever
you want okay I was gonna do an excuse I
was gonna say Jackson broke my lipstick
holder it's like I felt like look sticks
for days sorry just just I just need a
little guy just need a little just a
little just a little space I'll just
take okay I'll just take this space
right there Jennifer texted me oh what a
Jenica say we're gonna see each other
cut and salmon baby no one and Austin
Casey no Logan and so many other know
who I'm what's what were you telling me
last night that's saying that guy that
made that awesome YouTube video at
Bassmasters yeah well would you look at
that would you look at that would you
just look at it Ellie Ellie just look at
it what your dreams must have a bright
makeup I mean I don't wear makeup
so this is where we are going to spend
the next six hours in this warehouse
this is wonderful what are we gonna be
doing we're gonna work out we're gonna
work out I work out
guys I told you we had a fun surprise
story today we are here in this awesome
warehouse we've got some cool lighting
we're throwing babies around to work out
on expertise oh man look at that
oh sweet parodies they're very funny
stuff so I try to be funny sometimes
yeah I can tell Shelly do you remember
the the bathroom this morning when
you're doing all your makeup and you had
everything everywhere you didn't even
have to do that I know they're getting
your makeup done right now that's pretty
sweet guys I'm not kidding around about
my unibrow it's bad so we're actually in
well it's because it's Jen right yeah
Jen is helping me with my unibrow it's
it's really that big
I just feel someone so chariot is
literally getting makeup and you got in
the eyebrows plot I told you I don't
mess around with my eyebrows this
morning Jerry goes plug in your wax pot
and I was like nah we don't have time
he's like telling my eyebrows so look
somebody if somebody fixed yep good so
yeah my eyebrows were insane in the
membrane it was crazy
well how do I look can you see a major
difference can you see the contour we're
here to dance you can only say so much
until the video comes out it's a secret
and you guys need to be surprised you
guys remember the YouTube videos or not
even YouTube videos the commercials of
the Old Spice guy that was like I'm the
spice commercial and save old spice
commercials this is Steven Jones your
business right I've had conversation
because business do I use Old Spice they
talked about leg and no scholars you do
it man you do it they don't man out this
five years old look at your nose look at
your look at your it's no big mouth like
no and then you told me who you were
you're the guy you're the guy so so so
fun to talk to get to know Steve he
wants me to hold on yeah my CC today
today no what do you see another he
loves people my son does the same a bad
yeah I don't even know what he's saying
look at all these puppies
oh look this was Jackson like favorite
friends sorry I might get my write-up
oh that's so cute hey good-looking dog
that's all from operate his puppies are
gonna dance with that I've got a play of
story when they introduce us you guys
are out getting change or something and
they said oh I recognize you too
you guys are the butler family right and
we're like oh yes yes you're sure right
yeah I'm sure I know you you're your
shade and I said I think we're adopted
into the bone family now because yes
another prereq accepting abode you have
to eat at least eight percent your dad's
BB Buki can I tell you whenever we go on
road trips
she buys at least three packets that's
why midnight last night
Toronto begun turkey bacon just as good
right yeah that was like the guy that we
can do that we can do that this is the
kind of stuff that we're doing today
three men on a tiny tiny motorcycle what
is that thing even called a minibike
just a putt-putt
that's good stuff have you ever seen a
cuteness overload it's not Jackson it's
not Ali it's this right over here
all of these puppies are asleep right
now and it's probably the cutest thing
I've ever seen
I'm kind of teach with myself because
every time Jackson and know are together
I feel like I don't film enough of them
playing and she's like stop walking stop
vlogging but I thought I thought because
I took Jackson to let him sleep with my
sister and I was smart I know but now no
it doesn't have a friend that's no it's
not feeling good so it's okay yeah so
I'm really sorry guys but next time I
will film work Jackson no way no cuz I
know they play well actually go
somewhere where maybe the boys can
actually be on the ground - that's a
good idea
I feel like we're in a workout class
Ellie so these make for you let's do it
hey girl get it girl
Oh bring it on that was probably the
most exercise thing I've done in very
long time Sam how many backflips did you
do did you I turn I think that's a wrap
I think we just finished up at least I'm
so sweaty that we should be done in
secret no one wants to stand around me
let's go get some food and go get
Jackson we had a lot of fun at this
shoot dancing with all of our friends
and Sam showed us this really cool place
it's a burrito place and I kept telling
everyone I'm holding amazing it sounds
like a baby so anyway we're just saying
and I tell our friends as Pusha often is
he goes back home so it's good to see
you all right yeah sorry talking know
start talking actually terrible pretty
it's always like if we got to each like
okay I'm gonna just wait til you're done
eating I will actually have Congress
you guys guys
Sam Sam and Jenica are about to hit
50,000 well make sure I have our friends
links down below for sure but let's say
goodbye to little no over there we're
gonna go see him son I missed you it was
only gone for like I don't know I had
him half the time so he's only gone for
a few hours but I just I miss him I hate
being funny a ton of people in today's
or yesterday's vlog asked if you had a
channel do you see the comments it's
called body holy dear buddy
if that Mockingbird you see he's gonna
tickle your baby just now I just felt a
really strong water so you know my butt
date that was crazy
Boston said Jackson but now all day
downstairs he was like yeah I have it on
video he was like Jax like and I said
say Jackson he was exciting it Oh fun
stuff going on Jackson yeah Jax say sex
well guys I kind of think that we're
probably gonna end our vlog right now
this we tried ending it earlier but it
just wasn't at all I just I kind of
wonder what footage we have I don't want
it
we all of that the place but he that's
kind of all of our day ended up being so
were there all day yeah we were it was
really fun
and we I don't even know if we even told
you guys we were there doing a little
shoot with all the other youtubers and
we were filming us dancing they once we
got there they're like oh don't say this
to ECHA Livio comes out so oh no any
kinda line to say about the actual video
we were doing we'll keep you updated on
that
yeah for sure but thanks so much for
watching we'll see you guys tomorrow
Oh
see
