good morning you guys after a long and
fun eventful evening we are gonna go see
grandma and see how she's doing check up
on her we're driving all on the way back
might as well stop by and see how
grandmas doing right
you wanna go see grandma you wanna go
see grandma's banana Nadja oh go see
grandma you go get her with Grandma yeah
it's been a while since I've seen you go
get her hmm he's looking not knowing
what to do
wait for it go get her go get her turns
around he's huge since last time you saw
him he's gained some weight huh yeah I
happen to be a pretty good job boy what
do you think Jackson huh yeah he can
pull himself up and yeah and everything
they're pretty heavy okay he wants to
see those nutcrackers huh are you saying
that contractor my name is sergeant
crunch no wait I've been promoted I am
Captain Crunch Wow
Jackson are those cool he loves them is
yeah that's enticing yeah he put your
tree up yet or anything we're actually
gonna go and do that today that's all
yeah next thing
spoiler alert guys that's what we're
doing today is we're putting up the
Christmas tree or maybe today tomorrow
are we doing it - I don't know depends
on oh yeah the Christmas spirit mood or
the Grinch mood dr. debryn ch Jackson
that's not a binky he's got a few yeah
three it's not a binky
is that a binky these toys that Jackson
are playing with our toys that Grandma
and Grandpa have for gosh 25 years how
long have you had this Oh at least yeah
but it's so fun because all of the kids
all of the grandkids all of the great
grandkids love playing with these toys
and for some reason Jackson thinks it's
a binky
just like sucking odd things like baby
he finds the corner yeah he grabs the
card is like oh it's in my mouth are you
gonna find on yourself a binky are you
gonna give yourself a binky okay guys
it's not very often that Jared doesn't
feel well and so we got home and he has
the worst headache so he's actually
taking a nap which he rarely takes naps
so I don't think we're gonna poop our
Christmas tree today just because he's
not feeling well
and I want Jackson to be away from him
put the tree up so I think that we're
just gonna hang out and my little
Santa's cookie tester is gonna help me
finish eating this look oh that's a
chocolate chip whoo let me give it to
you yeah me me and Jax are just
finishing up some of this banana bread
that my mom sent home with me and
actually bonnie is gonna bring us dinner
and so I was like sweet I don't have to
worry about dinner so we're just gonna
hang out Jared's not feeling well and
I'm just gonna stay looking Asher I
can't get over it
who is in my house who is in my house
the place hey boss Trini hey buddy
yeah guys I just woke up from a nap and
suddenly there's more people in my house
and they have food that's the best way
to financial came over and they brought
over dinner because they're just amazing
like that and it which is perfect if I'm
not so hard
pepperoni is nicely on this the way that
she cut it she cut one round because you
know that's on most people like their
pizza but I like my pizza cut in squares
so thanks guys this is so nice of you
guys to do you better okay Olivia just
told me she cleaned this closet what did
you do all of those look you know all
the toys huh oh thank you sweetheart
Jackson may ruin all of them but you did
such a good job cleaning are you guys
having fun in the toy closet
you know this turned on can we let
Boston play with it too well that was a
pleasant surprise I just got in the car
I left my boots in there last night and
I put my shoes on and they are so warm
I just bet they are so warm I left um
hand warmers in my boots last night when
it was cold out of the nativity scene
and I just put my shoes on and they're
like still warm so I'm gonna go into
town with warm boots and I'm gonna leave
those suckers in there to keep my feet
warm Bonnie and I are making a very
quick trip I guess not quick but I don't
is a kids are oh yeah I guess we're
making a trip into Ulta and Bonnie and I
decided to do a very modest giveaway on
our channels for the Christmas season
and it's just kind of fun with the
Christmas season because it is giving
and donating and service so we just
thought it would be really fun to do
something small on our channels so I'm
kind of excited to come in I'm excited
to look at makeup it's kind of echoey in
here but let's go get some makeup it is
so hard sticking to a budget when you
are makeup shopping me and Bonnie are
walking around they have like all of
these holiday gifts and it's like you
just want to do just a really fun simple
giveaway but everything is so fun like
it's like oh people would love a blush
well people would love a brush people
what you know people just love it and
you think sorry guys if you're watching
I guess guys can do it too because
there's quite a few guys actually first
two makeups those for anyone really but
I don't know it's just really fun to
look at all the things that they have
but I think you guys like what I picked
out I think I picked out something that
and everybody would like so I hope that
you guys like it me and Bonnie are
having our videos go up on Friday
Bonnie's over here dying huh oh oh crap
there's more Laura
cuz that's amazing oh that's cute no I
like this not found back prize either
no I know we both have a little set
budget and we're like there's actually
quite a few things here so things are
looking up that's really cool I like the
lorac 38 and that's a bunch of
eyeshadows that's not bad
I love LaRon okay this is getting fun
good money I think you need to tell me
what happened can you stand it what was
it again tell me what I can do when
you're standing in line and you
accidentally to D and maybe the people
around you kind of smell it usually do
turn around look at the people behind
you in we're dying I'm dying over that
is that funnier when like like funny at
the time
no it's always funny seriously my niece
is so cute I cannot believe that she
actually set everything up and cleaned
the toys up she is such a sweetie but
Jackson it was all real quick it was
funny because she while you guys were
gone she was like I don't want anyone
else to come in here because I just
cleaned it and I don't want the toy to
be messed up because I just cleaned it
so don't go in there and all the kids
were like we want a place like no I just
cleaned it Oliviana your sweetie Jackson
I think it's time for bed it's time for
bed little Santa's cookie cookie tester
is so cute I can't turn on our okay come
here sweetie
let's go to bed let me bake you what oh
let me pick you up tomorrow is a special
day why is tomorrow tomorrow we are
putting up a Christmas tree and I
remember last year Jared was at work all
day and I said that the Christmas tree
and I laid on the couch after and I'd
never felt Jackson move so much in my
life he was going crazy
I remember feeling very emotional
because I thought in one year when I set
up the Christmas tree I'm gonna have a
almost one year old but annoying
crawling around grabbing the lights
grabbing the ornaments and I am going to
love it he oh oh
take off like like it seriously I will
love it and I'm excited for tomorrow
it's it's these firsts
I have many first and holy cow we're
gonna have another mini
first this next seat little babe but
well I remember that year when you set
up the Christmas tree when I go home
from work all of the lights were turned
off except for the Christmas tree and
some of the Christmas lights that we had
set up inside the house and I just
remember walking in and and Ellie was
sitting in the couch it was just so
peaceful now Jen yeah and it's just it
really brings in the Christmas spirit
and I love the spirit of giving that we
can feel from Christmas and just the
holiday season and that's what I'm
excited about is the season of giving
yes and cookies cookies we always look
cookies we always the cookies and we
always look good we always have we
always go cookies he's like that no no
no no no hey guys Jackson's going to bed
yeah I am too I'm some yeah Jarrod's
feeling a little bit better but we will
see you like always tomorrow woman oh he
just like always draw these crazy pull
strings okay guys here's a little lesson
for you what tomorrow in Finnish is
woman but if I have done woman what does
that mean see you tomorrow
ha ha ha close but I was good
by
