we are back guess where we're at why did
we move we are in Provo Utah our old
stomping grounds the old college days
that's where we are right now Provo Utah
home of the Cougars be white you go
Cougars as of one month ago we lived
here and now we are back we volunteered
to participate in the world's largest
nativity scene
the piano guys the Mormon Tabernacle
Choir David Archuleta Devin Graham
studio studio Collins cute hair girl
styles all of those people are going to
be there so it'll be a lot of fun yeah
lots of people are going to be here and
we found out that we had the opportunity
to come and volunteer him and
participate with so it's an all-day
thing and so it's out in the cold so my
mom and dad are watching Jackson today
so it's a mess and already I do too and
it's funny because I always catch myself
looking up at the mirror to see if I can
see him and I always miss no smiling
face because every time I look he's he's
either smiling back at me or he's
playing with something like thinking and
he's like so like into something in with
his hands I miss him a lot right now 5
Jackson you tell mommy and daddy hi and
that grandma's take a good care of you
do you want to bottle should we go rock
grandma's not a very good vlogger though
she doesn't know how to run the camera
hey we're gonna go rock and cattle don't
drink it all at once so we just walked
into the green room I think the big tent
where they have us wait for everything
to happen but look what we stumbled upon
I think Ellie's in heaven look at all of
these candies I just want to lick them
off just like one bite of regenerative
like not are these like little treats to
put on ice cream no I think they have
like little cuts for people cuz we're
gonna be here like hours and hours so
and we need candy for that guys I want
to introduce you to Darryl here this is
the mastermind behind the whole advanced
not the mastermind no no no no I just
wanted the producers in there's so many
people that actually came together to do
this and I don't like any one person can
take credit there you should see this
well you will see this there are so many
awesome things going on I can't wait to
show you guys but I wanted to introduce
you to Darryl he's a he's a friend of my
dad's and now I think we have a pretty
good connection here at least I'm
crossing my fingers for it but there's a
lot of people here we've got got dykes
family I'm so far we've got April and
Davey here guys this is gonna be a lot
of fun I cannot wait
I did have to say this about derral eves
when I was only how to edit Jared didn't
have time to teach me so he was actually
how I learned how because he has how I
was taught how it was because he
actually had a video on how to edit
that's actually how I was how I got
taught Jackson just woke up from his nap
and he let me change his diaper and he
later released ill I don't know what
your problem is but he was really good
for me and right now we are eating
crackers and playing with his sock
monkey and that is the cutest little
sock monkey ever I love that little sock
monkey do you like it oh I'm gonna have
a taste
mmm so good thank you my turn
what's your name it's Ellie speak our
language be an angel guys she's getting
my outfit right now my little robe you
would not believe this so I'm here with
Keith and I walk past Keith and I was
like he looks really familiar and I was
thinking this dude he was super so
familiar and we're like okay how do we
know each other and we went back through
like six years of history to find out
that we lived in the same apartment
complex back in what like 2000 2008 2008
ish ish that's so crazy but hi this is
Keith everyone it has videos on YouTube
what yeah you do like musical parodies
and everything I talk nerdy to me is
like my big one and then I got a Zelda
one and I'm dropping a Hunger Games
tomorrow
oh sweet what's your channel k face TV
came get out alright guys this right
here is Alex Boye yeah he is a
phenomenal singer he's actually in the
more wearable world you don't tell
people his socks are probably the best
thing he's got so many cool things on
him okay show me these bad boys sure
he's that white she is so confident
woman sucks I had met my wife Oh they've
got stars out of that's awesome yes
represent the country as well yeah yeah
awesome
there's nice meeting you man yeah Alex
Boye yeah I have to tell you about him
real quick when I was like 14 years old
he came to my
town and he did a fireside in our church
basically he comes in and he talks to
people who are like 12 18 yeah 12 to 18
years old and he basically gives a
lesson and we listen and it's a lot of
fun and then he sang a couple songs to
them it was really cool to me that it
was it was really inspiring for me at
that time so I thought it was really
cool that he's here now and I get to
tell I'm like hey you were really
inspiring to me but apparently he has an
awesome video alcohol a parody on shake
it off is that right what it was yeah
shake it off Taylor so shake it off you
guys should go check it out Alex Boye
he's so cool such a cool guy
do you are are you hiding from Grandma
are you hiding you're sure a good boy
you really are a good boy you're a nice
little boy hey Jackson should go make
some banana bread give the pig a kiss
yeah that's a good boy this has all of a
sudden becomes so crazy we have a so
great people here I'm not even sure
this is just wanna say we haven't
started the filming you know we have but
if on the other side of these tents is
good it is where all my goodness we've
got so many more it's a lot of oh my
goodness Ellie would you believe that
yeah look at this awesome
Alex's costume is legit it is so cool
look at that that's so cool
do you see that Campbell right there
there is a live camel walking down the
road right here look at that oh my gosh
oh it's just a little guy
I miss the kid did you see that the
camel so they just walked around over
that way yeah they just walk that way
we're getting some cafe radio here and
looking oh that's so nice before we give
your monkey all the bananas do you think
you should eat one here we go
we're about to go do this we're gonna go
break the world record and I want to
show you look at this scene right here
look at all those people all of these
people are gonna break this world record
are you excited to do this guys are you
so excited we're gonna break a world
record guys it looks like I'm just
holding my Jackson seriously it looks
spitting image of Jackson I gotta show
you guys all of the real animals here
this is so cool
they've got like legit animals I was
calling them cheap wine I think I did it
too this is the world record right here
all of these people are participating in
breaking a world record
isn't that cool I saw that I thought on
the corner of my eyes I guess so I think
people are probably wondering how this
is rigging the world record I think of
what it is it's the the most amount of
people ever participating in a nativity
scene as I wanted to record with eight
hundred and sixty something oh well I
think we've got this handbag oh I'm very
educated no I'm actually I gotta say
we've got a really cool view behind us
and in front of us look how beautiful I
know
those mountains are sweet we see the
plains and the mountains in reply
we measured restrains Oh
Oh
Jaxson well I guess I'll just tell you
I've been able to make some banana bread
with Jackson at my feet and tying my
laces getting in the drawers and now
we're going to add chocolate chips to
our banana bread and I know we've had
this discussion a long time ago whether
you guys liked chocolate chips in your
banana bread or not at our house we like
chocolate chips in just about anything
and if you ever wonder where Elly got
her sweet tooth you're looking at it I
love chocolate tips I love chocolate
anything I have a bad sweet tooth come
on down here Chris man just come see
dump up oh holy smokes you know he knows
how to say grandpa
my name is Michael with guinness world
records in new york how's everyone doing
you're still cheering after the results
so this was an official Guinness World
Records title attempt for largest living
nativity most participants in a living
nativity the mark to beat was set last
year in Britain it was 898 participants
today I can announce that here in Provo
USA you had 1,000
well this is why we haven't turned on
our fireplace for two years is because
these little guys like Jackson they like
to play up here near the fireplace we
can't tell them no because it's just the
perfect size for them plain it makes for
a great place for the boo boo boo
testing one two three
jared is the smartest guy before he left
she's like let's grab hand warmers and
of course I was like nah they don't need
hamburgers but now it's freezing outside
so you've got had four I've got
handovers the Jared's gonna pass out
hand warmers and we're gonna finish our
food that's really cold now but good
it's good so it'll be good oh he likes
he likes that I don't know if his Mama's
gonna be happy with me let me have any
chocolate though different Oh
how about you like Kai's cheese ha ha ha
really hey grandpa we are gonna send
this off we're cutting a song that's
gonna go in the video
that is a rat okay one more and then
we're done that this is our last last
shot one more shot not Jackson can I say
good night to everyone yes he wants that
pig to play with him like the dog does
yeah it just doesn't it just want
Wiggles too
what a wonderful evening
are your feet unthawed yet it's not
unthawed yeah sorrow times bad unthought
I'm thoughted today was not your feet
spotted yet yeah it wasn't different
vlog today it was a fog line of you but
I am really glad that we did I feel like
it was kind of a really cool opportunity
to volunteer and man break this record
it was just fun being with everyone and
it was cool to be a part of something I
think April you said a really really
cool um she said it's cool to be a part
of something that's bigger than yourself
and the whole thing about the nativity
scene and the true meaning of Christmas
it's a really cool to partake of and BNV
apart
yeah I really like that so we're all
here at Denny's were eaten some
delectable delights before oh I just
burned
that's like midnight we're gonna drive
home and it is my mom texted me and said
floggings hard so I'm excited to see
what but I'm excited to see the footage
so okay guys say goodnight to everyone
seasoned fries that give you a greasy
night
see ya
