ha
done - done do you guys want to see
Jackson's new achievement
we'll see if he'll do it this time okay
come here come on you're doing better
you're doing it Oh Josh can you move ah
he's going down good job Jackson can now
go down the stairs thanks to being a
grandma grandpa's house for a week he
learned he learned he was able to be
taught he now knows how I go down the
stairs what he doesn't know though is
how to start going down so we have to
turn him around don't turn around you
don't feel do it turn them around and
then down let's go down the stairs again
so we can show a lot of viewers turn
around Jackson then you can go back up
there sir why did it take you back down
the stairs come here come on let's go
down buddy look Jackson
everyone wants to see you here's what
you'll miss Jackson has a little treat
left man treat follow the trees like oh
you like instantly okay I'll do it
I'll do it I'm coming I'm coming come on
he is doing such a good job it didn't
take very long for him to do this yeah
good job yeah I'm so proud of you and so
now that he's like where's my treat oh
yeah you said there would be treats I
want to treat you say - good boy but um
now that he can go up and down stairs we
have to like really keep an eye on him
so we installed
I just finished installing this game
which is really cool because we can keep
Jackson downstairs while we're down
there so he hasn't been up down up here
and it's also a really cool thing for me
to shut up over I can jump over things
now oh no where'd you go oh I'm right
here
Jerry where's Jerry I said he's right
here Oh
oh my gosh I missed the bar Nelly sure
are you okay fine fine mrs. Jerry that
was right not a good sort idea to do is
there baby gate okay it's my wall okay
it's my wait can we just pause for a
second and I totally just Beth and that
was not on purpose I told ya I'm Andale
but I made it look good right how's your
hip how do I look don't do that don't do
that forget it
no they're done is it okay gone grief
okay well go grab Jackson and that's how
you're supposed to go yes go grab
Jackson guys it is a new month as of
today for you guys tomorrow's December
1st and can I just tell you we went to
church today and I'm really glad that we
decided to go but first we're like well
we just came home from this long
vacation and we just have a long car
ride and you know it'll be good just to
like be home but I'm glad that we ended
up getting ready and going because it
was really fun to me everyone and to
meet new friends and they have a church
Christmas party or like breakfast that
they're having this week and so they so
they have a tree there with everybody
with some people I guess in the
community and you can choose a name and
then it you can get a present for that
family or that child or something that
are less fortunate and so I'm really
excited to go I think it'll be fun so I
have my my calendar right here that I've
drawn out and like I have my doctor
appointment we find out after having a
girl or a boy and then it's Christmas so
this is a very very fun month I'm just
excited for a fresh start a new month
what you putting out he's pointing at
you would you put in that he's been
pointing a lot and with his left hand to
me I'm pointing with Lynette's finger
but I don't know I'm just excited for a
new fresh start speaking of that do you
want to tell him about what you've been
feeling lately oh yes yes I officially
have felt the baby yes like a couple
weeks ago I was like I don't know if
it's gas bubbles because like the
bubbles will kind of move in my tummy I
don't have a lot of those oh so I don't
know if it was that I would love I
really don't know and they all know I've
been kind of open but and I couldn't
tell if it was that or if it was like
the baby kind of fluttering and with Jax
I never really felt the flutters I just
felt him move and that was around like
17 18 weeks but I am now pretty much 14
weeks and the past two days not a lot
just a little bit and it's always been
on my left side the bottom left side of
my tummy I have felt just little like
when you were in the car yesterday yeah
I was like I just felt the babies it's
hard because Ellie's feeling all this
stuff and I was like I want to feel I
want to feel I know he's like I was like
it's not yeah yeah yeah it'll come it'll
come so that's that's really cool I'm
really excited about that but you know
speaking of let's talk about the
elephant in the room guys baby grab
Jackson Jackson okay
this this is a conversation that's been
long time a long time coming and it's a
pretty serious conversation and it's
very personal and it's it's something
that we've been debating talking about
for a long time a few months ago I was
working full-time at a retail place I
was doing full time YouTube I was with
Ellie and Jackson as often as I could
and it doesn't sound like a lot but the
stress that I was feeling was was really
overwhelming and balancing at
thing was getting to a point where it
was really really difficult and it was
increasing the stress in our life you
know there's some contention every once
in a while not a lot but you know every
once in a while between us and we were
talking and was just like something's
got to give
but what is it going to be and you know
it's like well we can slim down our
YouTube videos a little bit and that
will allow me to focus more on work or I
can slim down on work a little bit and
that allow me to focus more on YouTube
and so we thought about this for a long
time and we're still debating what we
should do and everything and we decided
to have a family meeting with me Ellie
my parents and Ellie's parents this was
when my parents were last in town before
my grandpa's funeral it was Labor Day I
remember it was Labor Day so it was in
September we sat down as a family and
Ellie and I had decided and we wanted to
talk to my parents and see what are all
of our parents and see what they thought
we decided that we wanted to pursue
YouTube full-time and I know what you're
thinking I know what you guys are
thinking okay so but don't worry I'll
get to it and we thought and we asked
them what are your thoughts on that what
do you guys think about it can we have
your approval oh yeah they didn't give
us the approval we would not have taken
the chance yeah so that's exactly what
we did is like basically do we have your
blessing to try this and they said go
for it you guys are young you don't have
a lot of mouths to feed this is a fun
time and a fun experience go for it and
all four of our parents said yeah try it
out and so that's exactly what we did we
went to my boss and even before that we
had talked a little bit about this type
of thing so I think he knew it was
coming but we had talked and I said hey
if I do this you know will you have me
back if things don't work out and he
said yeah you know so I have the
possibility of going back to my other
job if this doesn't work work out but in
a nutshell Ellie and I really want to
pursue our talent
and I think that's one thing that's been
really cool about the opportunity that
YouTube presents Ellie and I have a lot
of talents that we want to share not
just daily vlogs but we want to do music
Ellie has this amazing talent with
beauty and hair and cosmetics that I
don't think she's even scratched the
surface on I want to do a lot of
projects with was singing with playing
and everything and with YouTube we have
that opportunity and one thing that my
dad said and he he burned it into me he
said I'm gonna get emotional saying this
you're so cute he said stay true to
yourself you know how you got where you
are and you know who got you to where
you are and that's you guys so with that
said um we I know what you guys are
thinking and that's that's a goal that
we have we want to stay true to
ourselves we we want to use this as an
opportunity to use develop and share our
talents and and do daily videos just
like we are and keep it going from there
I think something that my dad said to
that I think is really cool about
because we've talked about the YouTube
community like it's not just us everyone
can be a part of it everyone can upload
a video everyone can do what they want
with it and it's really cool for
entrepreneurs yep I think it's really
cool for all sides of the spectrum for
people for people to benefit from so I
just think it's really really cool to be
a part on yeah
there's there's a lot that goes along
with it and I think you guys probably
know why we didn't want to share it
right away we wanted to make sure that
we had a good established base that we
were comfortable with before we you know
shared shared the news we didn't want to
go into this blind we wanted to be
financially prepared because you never
know what's going to happen
we didn't want to quit our job and then
two weeks later go back to Jared's other
job so that's why we wanted to wait a
little while to be like kV we are doing
that yeah there was a book that I read
as a kid and I actually just reread it
not too long ago it's called who moved
my cheese and one of the big takeaways
from that book that I got and I actually
tweeted about it a few months ago too
was there's a person in the book that
says what would I do if I wasn't afraid
and I think that's a huge takeaway for
all of us
in any venture that we're doing what
would you do if you weren't afraid would
you do something different in your life
would you start something that you've
always wanted to try would you want to
develop a talent or develop a skill
would you want to talk to that person
that you're nervous to talk to when you
want to send that email or send that
text message to that person what would
you do if you weren't afraid so that's
what I want to leave you guys with is a
question what would you do if you
weren't afraid Ellie and I have made
that step and we are enjoying it every
single day and we really appreciate the
support it's because of you guys and I
know I've said it like ten times in the
last few vlogs but it's true you guys
have made this happen for us and we
appreciate it just like Ellie said so
thanks for watching today that's our one
take you guys are awesome have a
wonderful day and tomorrow is going to
be pretty fun don't you think yeah we
have some exciting footage for tomorrow
that I think you guys are gonna love yes
grandmas gonna watch Jackson for a
little bit for us and we're excited to
be home and to play I think we're gonna
break a world record
by travelpod
