Marnie Jackson corny how was your ride
is it good
hey grandpa grandpa grandpa did good
book up a grandpa
Jackson was saying it's what sounded
like a grandpa this morning he's been
saying this is a cheeseburger so stuff
like kissing grandpa good morning guys
we're in the car we are on the longer
journey home we have been driving about
three hours and I took a good little
hour nap Jared 20 minutes
yep Jerry got 20 minute nap and
Jackson's been sleeping almost the whole
time so we all just got up we've been
eating some yummy little cuties I have
to tell you story I thought the dog is
okay do you know what I was going yeah
I'm doing Salmonella no you go ahead you
guys well this morning dad comes for the
stairs or no I cut down stairs and dad
was holding a box of chocolate whoppers
and it was ripped and eaten half of it
and he goes the dog got your whoppers
and I was like oh no is the dog gonna be
okay like I don't want that dog to die
on us because it me and everyone in the
house is like no this dog can eat
anything like this dog is fine if you
guys don't know labs can eat just about
anything
like of course you have to be careful
and everything but labs are like not
garbage or some people say they're
garbage disposals but I guess I guess on
trinkle Susie and a lot in
her past so she should be okay but I was
kind of sad because that was one little
train that I wanted for the road because
we were at Walmart and I saw offers and
I was like that's what I want and so I
texted my whole family I was like the
dog ate my offers and my mom's like it's
mostly air I think she'll be okay but so
we had to stop at the gas station and
instead of my big box of offers I got a
little bag which is probably better
anyway so I am going to eat my snack and
we are just driving we are listening to
the Hunger Games yeah yeah we actually I
felt so bad that I've seen the movies
and I hadn't read the books I was like
let's just do it let's just get the book
and let's just listen to it so start
we're starting with the book first book
of course but it's actually really good
so far I'm following along with the
story and it's kind of funny I kind of
like watching the movie and then reading
the book because I can like picture a
lot better yeah and I know the names
yeah
another good toe would you get some toe
jam out of there Jackson home
- time - yes bro this is playing
is it gross yummy
yeah
well this is our view we made it through
the worst of the past so far the first
pass was Lookout Pass and that was
really bad it was just like a sheet of
ice and then once we got onto the side
of Montana it was clear skies it was
sunny it was war and the roads were dry
it was perfect
and now we're getting into some more
snow which I hope it's really windy
right now the biggest thing that I worry
about like I'm totally fine driving on
snow I mean you just go slower and
everything but I'm worried about other
people like that's my biggest fear of
driving in really bad conditions is that
other people don't know so when I see
license plates like Arizona I'm like oh
I'm staying away from that guy no
offense Arizona's I'm just saying you
don't really drive in snow
so let's fail to say when I say that
thing about every
we have about 20 minutes until we have
our first and only stop we're going to
fill up on gas have lunch but Jackson
Wiggles lil aids y'all ready wiggling
your legs they're spread we don't need
to get out but we are finally at our
rest stop and Jackson is enjoying his
very warm bottle he was not happy at all
I gave him just a little bit of regular
water in his bottle and it was a little
too chilly and he was very sad so we
came in the little coffee machine has a
hot water so I mixed half-and-half so
now he's very happy he's a happy boy
because it's warm and he's got
and we are not in the car and that was
probably the happiest thing that he did
as soon as he got out of his car seat
tell us about our our little weather
it's it's snowing and the roads are
there okay there but there are points
where they're bad my dad texted me and
said it looks like you've got through
the worst of it through like the road
conditions that you see online but he
told me I 15 which is that the freeway
that goes through like Idaho and Utah as
soon as you get into Idaho I guess it's
closed because of high with oh my gosh
there's a deer on top of that person's
car you see that there oh well dear yeah
and so I guess I 15 is closed but so
should be open by the time we get there
so we'll have to keep you posted but we
might be staying in a hotel tonight yeah
that would be fun to have you ever here
soon soon I know that's the first thing
you think of you're like I don't care
about my safety I want to go swimming
okay we just finished the first half of
our trip and we're getting ready to go
and wait a second that's my spot get out
of there
it's freezing that's better
Chinese fire drill right yeah and guys I
just have to tell you a lot I actually
quite often people like Zelly have a
driver's license I Drive I do have a
license but on the how you guys are but
if me and Jarrod are together he drives
I want Ellie to enjoy the ride I want to
drive as a courtesy to her oh yeah and I
don't know it just husband rides that's
just how it's always been
but I mean if we're in a long road trip
I can drive and I have before butchered
you can't if we want to get McCarty
years
you
and we made it we made it it is like
9:30 we had an hour delay there they
closed the freeway north of or was it
south of Idaho they closed the freeway
because of high winds and dust and it is
totally past that time but guys this guy
was a trooper he was in the car for like
well over nine hours and he only cried
once and it was around bedtime it was
around 7:00 we started really crying and
he fell asleep and was fine so he was
such a trooper so I'm just letting him
crawl around getting some of that energy
out kind of wiggling up his muscles and
then we'll put you to bed but he's
running room to room I think he knows
his home my job is laundry right now I
have little piles everywhere something's
in the wash right now but Jarrett we
have no food because we tried to eat
everything and not have stuff and our
fridge go bad while we were gone so
Jarrod's going to grab us something and
this is our night Jackson really is like
going room to room he's renting a room
to room he is so happy right now and it
feels good to be home we both got in the
house and you're like it's home we
haven't even like we've just lived here
we haven't even like we moved in and
then the like a week after we moved in
we were like doing shopping stuff like
crazy we were getting stuff for the
place and then we went on our trip so we
feel like we haven't even really like
enjoyed home so now it feels good to be
home and enjoy it but we have church
pretty early tomorrow we want to go to
church tomorrow because it's our first
time in in our new place it in our
church so we want to go tomorrow at
churches at 9:00 so we want to try and
go to bed at a good time so if you enjoy
gets home we'll end the vlog we did it
hope we did it you guys we pulled
through no main storm no snowstorm no
windstorm no closed freeways could stop
us from getting home Ellie we did it so
ding it feels so good I am so glad to be
home with you
that I had to do one more level one you
are so good you're already doing laundry
and I'm just sitting here not doing
anything but you have to do the walk I
have done so guys I know is probably a
really boring vlog today I'm really
sorry about that we're getting right
back into the swing of things tomorrow
tomorrow's a one taker so isn't my mom
the best she made this it's so cool she
made that while we were there well that
was the crash that I was mentioning in
the other vlog she made that that was
the craft that she was doing so are you
guys that's vlog for today so have a
wonderful day thanks for watching that
one a thumbs up and I'll see you later
bye
oh it's just kidding I'm kidding guys
he's a proper goodbye Oh a proper
goodbye hello oh right let's do it this
way so I can oh alright thanks guys have
a wonderful extended oh you say goodbye
and then you end on that back okay so
thanks thanks for watching have a
wonderful day and we'll see you tonight
bye-bye
