good morning it is Thanksgiving and we
are all the kitchen your hair's done I
just woke up like this
no no it is Thanksgiving guys and that
means we are gonna be in the kitchen all
day Jackson and Uncle Tyson they're
quite a pair
you little ham you're artistic like
Tyson has been so good he is been
playing with Jackson all day and Jackson
is literally sitting here they're
watching a football game the girls well
mom and Jen have been cooking I cook my
pies last night but what are we on for
yeah the turkey
I'll have dad when dad comes downstairs
all happen okay I'll open it bleep mom
what time did you wake up 4:30 mom will
give at 4:30 to put singing praises hit
mom put the turkey in at 4:30
what a nice mama so that we can have
lunch at a good time so I'm excited for
Thanksgiving it's Jackson's first
Thanksgiving and Jarrod is asleep he was
up all night he was working he was up to
like 3:00 in the morning so I told him
to sleep I grabbed Jackson and now uncle
Tyson's I'm fleiger than so I can get
ready so I just heard news that the
turkey is done dad can you give us an
update on the food please oh my goodness
I am panicked because the turkey is done
about an hour or more early earlier than
we expected yes it's only 11:25 in the
morning it's still breakfast time what
are we gonna do we'll have the turkey
for breakfast you guys have heard a
second breakfast right that is just
peeling some potatoes we've got lots of
potato peels going here when we've got
Ellie's pies that she made we look how
good those looks I cannot wait to sink
into those and look we've got a special
surprise here Maria finally made a
Ryan's wife Maria finally made up with
her plane only being delayed two hours
can you come with me that you got home
at what 2:30 in the morning it's 2:30 oh
my gosh I am so sorry that you had to go
through that but she's finally here
we're finally together as a family
everyone is here that can I go
look at the turkey and the trigger oh
man I've gotta show you this this is
gonna blow your mind
everyone is gonna get a trigger after
this I know I am because this is I've
never seen a turkey look so good look at
this oh my goodness look how good that
looks oh I can't keep it open too long
cuz gonna let all the goodness out since
dinner is just finishing up or should I
say lunch I have to watch I'm going
stairs bog poop everywhere just kidding
not really everywhere but we want to
take a family picture because mom has a
picture of us in a picture frame and I
really don't like it was right after
Jackson was born and it's kind of washed
out so we're gonna try and get a updated
picture with Jackson and we're going to
go ahead and use their fence as a
backdrop we are gonna stand here
I'll beautifully like and take a picture
and there's my crew we've been here how
many days and I don't know why we
haven't been outside yet
Jackson's 11 grandma's swing I didn't
even know you had a little kid one on
there gotcha Jackson now you're smiling
is it that how it goes they don't smile
for pictures but they'll smile for
everything else after how fun this is
sofa I love Thanksgiving because we
really just enjoy it feels like a Sunday
to me like we just enjoy the family we
sit around we talk and there's the yummy
food cooking so this has already been a
really fun day because it took three to
four hours get your tail get her tail Oh
too late mom used her nicest china and
we set the table and I was in charge of
the silverware how does that look this
is the prettiest China I have ever seen
the lighting isn't as good so it's not
even pick him up but the silverware has
this pretty gold outlining and this used
to be grandma's growing up I guess mom
you see on this but daddy removed the
paper plates yes I'm really disappointed
all week there has been paper plates up
here because mom forgot her nice dishes
I guess in Utah and so did something had
to be there so dad put paper plates but
they found
good plate to put up there but kind of
sad not to see those paper plates up
there Jackson and wrinkles are going to
be playing while we eat dinner just so
y'all know for the wrinkles she thinks
she can hide but then Jackson finds her
everywhere and oh you get a hug your bum
you two kids
wrinkles is such a good dog this is the
same kind of dog that I grew up with
Jared grew up with yellow labs and I
grew up with yellow labs so it's kind of
fun to see Jackson around him because I
think they are such good dogs like
Jackson pull out her pull her little
whiskers and she doesn't even get mad
she's just been so good so we're gonna
take the turkey out dad this is a very
momentous occasion are you it is I don't
know I don't I'm getting a little choked
up it's turkey day let's do it let's do
it so this is our first time cooking a
turkey on the Traeger so I think if it
tastes as good as it looks I think we're
in for a real treat
careful careful careful
come in close the lid please careful
careful careful
made it oh my goodness so my little
turkey is having his first turkey today
can you smell that turkey that grandpa
made it is so yummy it looks just like
you you're about the same size as it
yeah we could have just cooked Jackson
so spicy
I think they know that we don't drink I
heard the knife yep pulled out you're
sharpening it I see yes indeed that's a
nice knife that's a nice turkey dad
hahaha did you get a breath
you might have a root ball kisses that
he's getting on his face jungle taxi
won't let me kiss anyone with make them
on except for you haha another momentous
occasion is about to occur dad is about
to make the first slice into the turkey
dad do you have any words before you
slice this turkey I really stink at
carving hahaha don't let him kid you
he's been doing this for years and I
still stink it oh my oh my cut
it's so juicy can you name that TV show
I think these kids found their new
favorite play place just under the table
here having a good time now we've got
wrinkles in here too
wrinkles Oh Jennifer had a picture that
she took of wrinkles but I think is the
perfect reason as why she is named
wrinkles and I'm gonna put that picture
in right now I would Jackson I thought
you'd like under the chin are you stag
now you make it you made it good job
you
one special tradition that we have in
our family is we go around the table and
say what we are thankful for on
Thanksgiving and one thing we do is we
also start at the youngest and we go all
the way up to the oldest so Jackson what
do you think before food food do you
think over mommy I would
car has locals
your piece Jo you're the next young
guess the two babies in the knee it's
kind of crazy how everything changed
from last year I think last year we had
a whole ton of different emotions and
we're in such a different place but I
think the I really am grateful that we
have the means to have a warm
home-cooked meal I don't really you know
I think my mind has been opened a little
bit this year of other people's
situations and I'm just really grateful
that we have family together and we have
a really yummy nutritious meal and I
grateful for my babies of course would
you have believed if last year someone
said that you'd be pregnant again on
Thanksgiving what would you have said Oh
- laughs I don't believe this so I think
it's that's a really huge blessing I'm
looking for that well I'm grateful for
my husband and our little baby boy on
the way I am grateful for my wife but
much for his wife's really a great board
just the over two T's that we have I am
grateful for a lot of things I am
especially grateful at this time for my
little family Ellie Jackson and the
little one on the way I am grateful for
the example of those who are around us
and I'm grateful for grandpas example
and the legacy that he has left behind I
am grateful for mom and dad and their
hospitality I am grateful for humor and
I'm grateful for new opportunities
Maria be with you guys I've missed the
times that we've been able to be
together and I got to be back with my
family I am grateful for family I'm
grateful for for all of you guys for
chance we have to be here in heaven
thanks even whew I'm grateful for this
country and for the chancel you have to
be free I think this this year I am so
grateful for my knowledge that good to
see my dad again and I am especially
thankful for this
the best thing that ever happens to me
other than my kids we are so so grateful
for the opportunities that we had as a
family
for the blessings that have happened to
our kids for the health that everyone
enjoys for little grandbabies that are
on their way for a marriage that just
keeps getting better and better and that
we can all be around this table and that
we can provide for our family
using the talents that God has blessed
us with we are able to to provide and we
are so grateful it's such a tremendous
miracle that we can live in a country
that allows us to do these things and
that we have the talents and abilities
that we've been given by God to bless
our lives the comforts and the joys that
come with having a family and being and
this ladies and gentlemen is one of the
best reasons why we celebrate
Thanksgiving look at all of these
leftovers we are gonna have turkey
sandwiches for days it's going to be so
good and right over here we've got some
soup going right here it's gonna be
awesome and it's just so good you guys
did an awesome job on the turkey
aw shucks and I'm still looking forward
to them guys them pies good job le
it's finally time it's finally time for
pie oh my goodness I'm so excited for
pies not too bad I don't taste test it
look really good looks really good
and guess what you put cool flip on it
everyone wants some cool Quinn this is
grandma's pie tink oh yeah where's pop
watch your tone about you yeah so that
is a very old Titan that pie tin has
probably seen more Thanksgiving than I
have oh absolutely
well I'm gonna put some cool clip on my
pumpkin pie and we are going to partake
of this delectable delight it's just
what we've been doing all day
partaking of delectable delights so
we've been eating and be more grateful
more and sleeping so Jackson what's the
verdict do you like it on a bite what do
you think buddy is it good yeah yeah I
think he likes it what do you guys think
this is Ellie's first pumpkin pie I just
learned that it's Ellie's first pumpkin
bite as she's ever made it is delicious
it's very very awesome
the crust is awesome the filling is
superb good okay
now the cameras off you can tell me what
you guys
it's actually is so good I'm like super
impressed Jack's just digged his finger
dog dug his finger you eating like a dog
on my plate yes my pie is yummy oh my
gosh he's like I've had enough of this
I've got to get my head
guys we had an awesome day today
spending time with family and really
focusing on the things that we are
grateful for I'm grateful for you I'm
grateful for you and I'm grateful for
you guys and honestly you know it sounds
kind of silly saying it but I really
really mean it just like we said in the
hundred thousand video you guys are very
very important to us
well we mean it so much oh my gosh I'm
like I already start I think we really
do mean it and honestly we think we eat
we drink we sleep we every conversation
we have is do you know how nice our
followers are oh you know how nice our
followers are oh this would be a fun
video to do this like it we are consumed
and it is so fun to be a part of and I
love that anyone can be a part of it
yeah we are so grateful for your guys's
kind words
your guys's support your guys's
everything so thank you thank you from
the bottom of our hearts one thing I
want to mention real quick last year we
had a Thanksgiving video and I want you
guys to watch it I'll have a link down
below Ellie was pregnant last year and
she's pregnant who sure can you believe
that never in a million years I think
it's so cool and I love it for it so
such a big bossy I love it and and I
love you and last year was like when we
said what we're thankful for it was just
such an emotional time because I really
was just coming out of a really cruddy
stage and like I was not nice to my
family and like I just pretty much said
sorry to them and this year it's
completely different like my emotions
were in such a different place okay
let's on the blocking okay thank you
guys for watching you guys are awesome
have a wonderful day and we'll see you
tomorrow
like always see ya bye
