Jackson we better hurry we better run in
xscape because dad's starting a fire
in the gym yeah with this rolling pin
Jack said Huck
I'm Africa I'm sure I'm gonna do cure
berry all right smoke upon wheel to
remote keep y'all just about come out
whoo we've got windows up we've got
doors open we have other doors open
laughs the other day we um I think mom
made some sticky rolls and there was
stuff left over in the oven and then we
cooked our biscuits that gravy this
morning and it is smokin like a
firehouse
it is smokin but these biscuits and
gravy you're gonna be so fresh Jen the
zombie apocalypse is gonna happen and
you are the reason why we're all gonna
die now let's all do it together okay
mom start us off
ah we won stupid lockdoor now we get
into the safe pavillion area where we
won't get killed by these zombies yeah
yeah we were sitting here and we were
trying to get an to open her mouth to
eat breakfast and we're all saying ah
and I'm like wait a second
ah Jen was like ah and I was like ah and
the mama ah and then dead man ah and and
we didn't hold it cuz Jennifer didn't
want to it was like Jennifer we got to
it but we finally convinced her Ryan
Ryan joined it
Ryan even joined it thank you very much
Ryan you are the true pious trooper but
I think Jenna's the poopy is Cooper
actually Ryan has a wonderful voice he
does he hasn't he's a very wonderful
deep bass in boys
have you heard it I've never heard it I
don't sing I I hear them sing in the car
for sure you sing in the car but you
don't sing the right words that's the
fun point that's you make up your own
words and cuz you say things like when I
run into cars when I run into cars Oh a
changeup okay guys we just finished
breakfast Jackson did you have an
enjoyable time eating breakfast yeah hey
Anne okay back to work yeah back to work
hmm where's breakfast good yes yes what
are you gonna do today yes you're gonna
play tonight do you know what you're
gonna play tonight yeah where are we
gonna go ah what do you want to go look
at today ah toys and what else Christmas
and and if we go to Lowe's what do you
want to look at that was funny
say hooray say that's ridiculous that
was pretty good job in so here's the
situation folks every night when I
upload the video it takes about I don't
know four hours to upload the video and
that is way way way too long for some
reason the internet is kind of being all
Scottie Wampus the airport Express is
that what it is where the extreme this
one right here the airport extreme is
not acting the way it should so Ryan and
I are gonna go to Best Buy we're gonna
see if we can get it switched out or get
some new router to make the internet all
more powerful because we need it to get
you guys some videos while I'm doing
that oh yes you're gonna have a video up
when you guys are watching this is
already gonna be up Kelly has her my
Thanksgiving makeup and outfit of the
day up Oh check it out I'll have a link
to her channel below but I'm gonna leave
the camera with you and Ryan and are
gonna go to Best Buy I'm leaving the
camera with Ellie and you guys are gonna
have a lot of fun cuz she's a lot
better-looking than I am Jared told me
that I was in charge of logging while
he's gone and they're gonna be home in
like 2.5 seconds so I better hurry we
have been playing makeup today I was
able to film my video I was able to get
the girls this haircut and especially
mom needs a makeover not because she
needs it but because she is nice to
everyone and look how beautiful she
likes Ellie cut my hair come on a
haircut doesn't it look good and there's
that side and then your eyebrows we did
your eyebrows so I filled her eyebrows
in and I tweeze the line of them what
did you think of them I do our great
yeah you look beautiful
no you're stupid did you pencil them too
she did yeah yeah I pencil in and I
don't do that I think you should I think
it it we're good hard to get you a
pencil and you'll catch her eyes you do
look beautiful mom's been good to us
it's always fun to be home at
the dad's house whether it's mom and dad
here are my parents because they always
make it so you have an enjoyable time
dinner's always made breakfast is always
made so I'm glad that I was able to
enhance Christy up little bit so it's
because these guys are just meat well
thank you hey the boys are coming home
Jackson hey get your head out of there
Hey look we're all like oh that was
really fun once I got done record and
then were like where's Jackson where's
Jackson I should watch him better at
Grandma and Grandpa's house
even playing in the bathroom he found a
rapper
I swear Jackson's on cloud nine like
he's going up the stairs he's crawling
into every room he can't Lou and he's
putting everything into his mouth hi
dear guys look there's deer there's one
two and then one barn that Bush we're
just getting ready to go shop and we saw
some deer good evening everyone how's my
lighting do I look okay is it super
bright in here hold on let's see that is
that better look looks good we are in
the car with my mom and dad and I and
Ellie and Ellie and I are going to take
them to a place called the melting pot
we are gonna treat them to some nice
dessert and then like we said we're
gonna go to see a movie and we're gonna
go see the Hunger Games
so I'm pretty excited about that I've
only been to the melting pot once in my
entire life and it was really really
good so I figure this would be awesome
so we're gonna have you had never been
to the melting pot Oh Ellie this is
exciting this is RIT this is great news
yeah this is gonna be great so we made
it to the melting pot we are here and we
are trying to decide what fondue we
should do for dessert and we can't
decide we have two options that we want
to do yin and yang which is white and
dark chocolate and raspberry cheesecake
no it's very raspberry dark trunk
raspberry dark chocolate so we figured
the best way to solve this is let's flip
a coin
so mom wait wait wait real quick real
quick hence is the raspberry cheesecake
yeah tails very dark raspberry dark dry
raspberry dark chocolate tails is
yeah okay yeah this heads so raspberry
dark chocolate
all right that's why we're having that's
good that's good and I think that's a
great way to solve it guys I swear these
the plates came and all of a sudden
everything was just gone
it was like a whirlwind of amazing
delicious flavor that was so good it was
delicious
it was so good what was your favorite
time I like strawberries strawberries I
think the bananas with my favorite shot
the pound cake pound cake mine was
definitely the banana so that was good
let's go see a movie no I'll do that
then so just awesome
we went saw the Mockingjay and I won't
give any hints away other than I
screamed the whole I startled everyone
by my scream look your dad actually was
more startling than the actual event
that happened I thought it was really
good I thought the movie was unexpected
shocking yes a great movie yeah yeah I
thought it was good and every time I see
these movies I was like I should
probably read the book I should really
read the book I should read the book but
I never do I probably should meet the
book though because this was awesome and
I really go on away yeah I really don't
want to wait yeah for the next movie to
come out before I find out what happens
that's the thing that's where they get
you like I want to figure out what's
happening that's probably why they did
two movies she's happy where they ended
it though yeah they could have made it
even more waiting they did a good job in
dude yeah
physically despot and speaking of ending
like I said guys we are gonna go home
and we're gonna edit this vlog it is
very late at night but I have to edit my
makeup video yeah Jeff's been helping me
edit my videos but my makeup ones I
yeah cuz I have no idea what makeup is
right um but thanks so much for watching
like I said I'm gonna have a link down
below for Ali's channel to go check out
her video she's doing a Thanksgiving
look be sure to check that out and as
usual thanks for watching guys and we
will see you tomorrow kiss me on the
mouth
and booty bump what go into the hang
glitch that's pretty close mom it was
good
alright see you guys
do
