ready
good morning guys I forgot to show you
guys the other day I've posted a picture
on Instagram of my maternity pants and
you all know that I have the hardest
time finding maternity pants that fit me
and I wore leggings ah last pregnancy
and I really just craved wearing a pair
of normal jeans so one of you guys told
me about this pink blush Maternity
website and I found it and I got these
pants and they actually fit really good
like they actually won't fall off and
then it has the band that goes all the
way up your stomach so that's my little
12-week baby but they actually fit
really well so I had to show you guys
but they fit and Jerry's just downstairs
seeing him he has Jackson let's go see
what they're doing
wordlessly watching he waits Jackson
spit up all over me just now so yeah can
you get me something like a new stuff ah
are you sharing your sharing look at
your whole blog thanks for sharing I
love your shoes Jackson you hanging out
over here you are so cute
what you thinking when you go to Spokane
Washington there's a few places that you
have to go first place on the list is
Riverfront Park Ellie welcome to River
from
Park Square well it's all the same thing
dad I'm sick of your your specifics it's
not you don't have to specify you
haven't have to be so specific Park is
across the street look at jack okay
let's be real guys Riverfront Park is
across the street it's apartments it's a
park across the street this is River
Park Square it's like a shopping so
Lukaku Jackson is metal dad Jackson is
all bundled ready to rock and roll do
this he'll say nothing we're here at
Riverfront Park and look at Jackson he
literally well he's just like an
executive marshmallow his head is lean
back and he's just looking straight up
Berthe family Jared is showing me we've
been here before but spent a long time
so first taking their time
welcome to the scenes of Spokane
Washington I want to go on one of those
I think we're gonna go check those when
I go on Akintola good dollar all righty
here we go getting on the gondola we are
also the debate over how to say it
gondola gondola gondola the attendant
how do you say how you properly say this
gondol of it there you have a Lisa Jo
gondola are they singing people in Italy
oh that's the difference you're not
gonna do that so this is a pretty cool
ride because it actually goes over the
falls the Spokane Falls which is really
cool a couple years ago I remember the
water levels were just insane never saw
back and like it was just huge
waterfalls it was so cool
do you guys know what the water levels
like this year no yeah we're about to
find out are you excited Jackson are you
so excited he's like I'm just here
bundled up like a marshmallow
his favorite thing to do is lean back in
this carrier he just throws his head
back and like walks around yeah he's a
good boy huh that looks like a really
bad date they're both on their phone
what was that that's the lock yeah two
people on their cell phones on a date
not the idea of the opposite side I mean
listen guys maybe they were texting each
other
listen guys if you want to go on a day
with a girl sit next to her y'all on a
little bit and then sneak your arm
around I'm gonna song girl I you know
cuddle up a little bit gonca gondola I
know life or another thing and you can
do the brave little pinky when you're
right like the movies and you're sitting
that right next to each other and then
you just start with your pinky and you
make your way over the guy takes this
pinky has his hand on their leg and then
he just goes in Italy just starts on
binky so that goes over the brave little
pinky guys I want to direct your
attention to the right side of the
gondola here this is Washington water
power built in 1882 was the first power
plant of Washington staged here it's
currently under but an angle of 50
degrees there's a water a day of water
here okay what are you water doesn't
look just look two big fans fall one of
the Spokane phones here it's looking at
pretty low this time of year which is a
pretty normal for the winter season
expect a little bit more Falls to come
through when we get a little bit more
snow to accumulate throughout the winter
season
other than that looks pretty good look
so be nice don't you think
I wonder how many cell phones have been
dropped in there you are so beautiful to
me can't you see you're everything
you're everything to me
yeah start spitting soap bubbles out now
while using that how do you know fall
isn't it jock Hocker Joe Cocker is that
how he does it yeah good don't worry you
guys we've got our construction guys on
this we're stopped right now but our
construction workers on it right now
don't you guys even worry
hey those little people are expensive
construction worker Joe is on duty
everything's gonna be fine guys here's a
little update on that date that's gone
really well guys he's moved to a
standing case and she is currently off
her phone but it's on her lap and he is
on his phone still and she's lovely oh
she's back on her phone let's see how
this plays out for her she's biting her
fingernails she's nervous hurry before
they look at you
oh we have not detected any conversation
happening between them perhaps they're
texting each other they smiled at the
same time so maybe they are texting each
other maybe or maybe they're looking at
funny things on the internet or maybe
they're watching you there are two
knowiedge aired on youtube.com slash
Ellie and Jared that's probably the
likely sightings right yeah that's what
they're doing their thumbs up this video
right now you should do in 1976 the
world's fair ventured to Spokane
Washington in which we acquire two
monumental structures first structure
being the carousel right over here so
this is a really really cool carousel
and they have rings that you pull and
you throw them into something and then I
think you get like a free ride if you
make it and the other thing that is
really really cool that if you feel like
Google Spokane Washington this is like
the first thing you'll see it's no not
will the clock tower yeah but this thing
right over here
what do they even call it I'm not sure
it's that thing in Spokane is what oh
the pavilions ice and then you have the
clock tower right there Jared and I are
on our courses we are on you're strapped
in we are ready to ride we're ready to
ride Jackson this is your second purse
all right you loved it last time
so I hope you smile this time got one
buggery yep where do you get just gonna
throw it in there yeah I look worse
Hey Oh miss I'll try again here Jackson
you hold on to this alrighty Jackson
there it is the big red wagon are you
ready to go down that buddy ready to go
down the slide are you ready Jackson you
ready to go down the slide here we go
that's fun
like okay there's my boys maybe mama
should go down with them yeah okay mama
let's see yeah
good job buddy
yeah he he's neutral he's like I did
that every day Eddie oh did you get
stomach hurt I give a sample I have to
show you these to pregnant ladies side
by side their bellies are ginormous now
that I have food in my cellphone but Jen
how far you're 21 weeks and I am almost
13 weeks look at babies Gizzi come no
cousins then tears they know what now I
have like can you even see how your
bellies Joe it's totally my belly is
this seriously it's only because I ate a
whole test well we did you have a
wonderful day today I did I had a
wonderful day we just hung out with
family we did you know careful Ali's
been painting her nails and I totally
just smacked them and then we were we
were in downtown Spokane like at
Riverfront Park and we actually ran into
some viewers so hi guys it was nice
seeing you again we're waiting for the
PlayStation update because we want to
watch Netflix we want to find a holiday
movie to watch so that's what we're
doing but we're gonna call it a night
thank you guys so much for watching have
a wonderful evening and guess what Ellie
we're gonna see you tomorrow we're gonna
see you tomorrow so you better be
watching because we're coming for you
