good morning oh good morning Jarrod's
childhood pup now your son gets to see
your childhood dog Jackson it's wrinkles
talk to girls cause in an all dog now
huh yeah that is so cute yeah he booked
it up the stairs
he didn't slow down put his head down to
it hey monkey oh look you try to give
him kisses cute all wrinkled is this
your puppy for a week wrinkled is like
hey huh stop that oh that is seriously
so cute
guys it's true we are here at my mom and
dad's house dad tell me how awesome it
is to have me here I'm totally kidding
it is so awesome to have you I am so
excited to be here like I said it's been
about three years since we've been here
huh husband and guess what I have to
show you something real quick
tell me show you guys so good I saw this
on the fridge and I was like I think
this was written when we first got
married five years ago cuz we had our
first Christmas here look what's on mom
and dad's fridge can you read that it
says mom thanks for the good food love
ya love Ellie so you got nearly five
years so that you may really love food
look at this we've got good food all
over the place
we've got minestrone soup and I've got
to show you this guys cuz I think this
is the coolest thing death I want you to
show me this dad has a smoker barbecue
out here and we are making hamburgers
well my brother Ryan and dad are making
hamburgers but I've never seen one like
this before so tell me what this is that
this is good rhaegar okay
as you can see it's the middle of winter
yes we're still barbecuing
we are barbecuing holy cow these are
burgers now we have smoked these burgers
for two hours using
these lovely mesquite pellets holy cow
if you guys could smell this oh it's so
rich and everyone do it with me right
now oh man that's so good
what's our temperature looking like we
got a got to go a little bit further
yeah they need to be like everyone look
at this though isn't this legit this is
so cool that's awesome and look how
thick those burgers are oh man that
looks that looks so good that looks so
good guys I'm so excited to be here and
I'll give you a little hint a little
secret about what's going on well well
I'm here my dad and I are gonna work on
the secret project but that's all I'm
gonna say oh I have to show this just
real quick Jackson has never had this
close access to a TV before and what he
does is he's standing here and he's
trying to grab the characters off the
screen or like the letters or anything
like that anything that he can try and
grab off the screen he is and it's so
funny bouquet of Jackson but that's a
little too close we got to get back we
get scoop back so we don't burn our eyes
out huh okay look at that
beef masterpiece that beef tour piece if
you will oh man doesn't that look
amazing how is Ellie yes go I like cut
my in half says it's so big there's so
much meat there I want to smell Twinkies
and ribs oh that word they're gonna do
turkey dinner oh yeah we're gonna use a
smoker for turkey dinner it's gonna be
so good but I can't wait to get my hands
on this
isn't that your new one
hmm so what you think it's heavy on the
outside yeah it's got the smoke flavor
to it
Oh so go go go um Jackson how do you
feel you get some space in there to
share guys so I bought Jax is this code
at Walmart and the hanger said 18 months
and I put it on him and it was at
Walmart I hurried and did it it is
actually a 24 month old co but he'll
just have to keep it I mean it'll get
some growing right I mean it'll just
have to work but he looks pretty cute in
it I think I like the the liner on the
end yeah it could be this coat or it
could be the liner on the insides I'm
sorry if you guys scratched his face and
I did that I here in a few months when
you walk anyway you'll fit into it right
huh the puppy came in say I thought
puppy Bucky the tail that tail is
vicious I'll tell you that it's a weapon
it's no did knock people up to 250
pounds over people are so worried about
us treating dogs well those dogs are
mean to us they put us back and forth of
their tails and they pretend like
they're so happy they're so happy by
wagging their tails but they're really
trying to knock us over I'm still
looking for it where is it ready to go
where is it oh there it is he's here
it's faceless now kid you're so around a
corner and then chill
go closer to it
he was so excited that bird come over
here
Jackson saw this snowman Santa Claus
sorry Jackson saw the Santa Claus and we
were walking by and he goes good evening
Mimi and then and we're like what is he
looking at we stopped and he was looking
at Santa he like loves okay he was so
excited and now he's faceless so we
missed his fun reactions only to our
while we're here in town we are looking
for some Christmas gifts for mom and dad
because we're not going to be here for
Christmas unfortunately we don't want to
send them guess we might as well get
them over here and then just keep them
here for Christmas right yeah yeah so
we're just kind of out and about looking
her jack tavini Jack oh he's taking this
foot that was looking out don't worry
enough dry are you having fun driving am
yeah what are you driving yeah drive in
the car with Jack's do Rooney look he's
just kicking his legs looking Jackson in
his little cousin you riding with
Jackson you guys having fun yeah oh no
don't turn too fast
don't turn mm oh so chairs she doesn't
like it no no no there we go
you leveled out she's in Jayesh sure
what kid wants to go to Asha gyrus
that's final
let's go look at this because you said
that we'll go and then we'll go look at
the toilets next I was just putting my
hands in my pockets of my coat and I
just found this from the hospital that I
delivered Jackson and I must have put it
in my pocket after we went in there but
it's just like this little paper and
that's what I own when I first walked in
to the hospital so it's this little kind
of receipt saying what I paid when I
went into the hospital you have to pay a
certain fee and then you go into the
hospital then they'll bill your
insurance and stuff I think that's so
funny
I just found that that's kind of funny
almost a year later is still my coat
pocket
let's not wear my coat enough get turn
the wheel skid turn the wheel yeah yeah
oh my gosh you're growing up did you get
to do it Jackson
why is that the cutest thing in the
world
hey okay
dude again Jackson Jackson hahahaha so
cute mmm who's here oh and Jenna's here
Oh
huh yeah baby
oh look how pretty you are how was the
drive so long it was good huh you guys
run into any snow Oh
it tried to snow but it failed yes I
love when it tries to snow and fails
when you're driving on a road trip I'm
doing good how are you doing dad oh
that's here okay okay okay he's like
waiting all day for you dance oh my gosh
she was in the hallway I texted you and
she was saying and and she was all by
herself she's a aunt Jenna's coming and
Jenna's coming today aunt Jen she's
coming she's coming too
and she's here oh it's good to see you
oh look at that oh oh oh we pregnant
belly like I said we have so many
pregnant people on our family right now
my baby boys I put him in food coma I
ate so much in he has not moved well Jen
now that you're here the party has
officially started so I think it's about
10:00 I think it's about time to go to
bed no no I'm saying I'm saying the
party started that means the weekend
activities the Thanksgiving activities
can finally begin and we can finally do
things now that you're here because you
are who we were waiting for this person
right here this is my little sister
Jennifer baby boy
this is redo you have a name yet do we
know the name I don't think we know the
name have you said anything and this is
here
this is our little Larry get into it I
can see it but you're wearing blacks I
don't know if they can I can so see it
look at that you know there's a little
boy or girl here either way cousins
cousins right next to each other
speaking of cousins oh yeah I wanted to
thank you guys for sending Matt and
Emily love they especially yeah they
need it right now go check out their
channel I'll have the link down below
again please go support them and you
know again thank you for what you guys
did it really means a lot to them
especially with what they're going
through right now we are gonna call it a
night dad is playing guitar mom is doing
some crafty things and we're just kind
of chillin here chatting but we're gonna
keep doing that and I think we're gonna
go to bed because I'm tired we should go
see a movie tomorrow all right guys
thanks so much for watching have a
wonderful night and we'll see you
tomorrow so don't you go anywhere cuz
we're coming for you tomorrow bye
