good morning everyone we have had a
rough morning morning it has been crazy
it's been kind of crazy we are getting
ready to go on a trip we are gonna go
visit road trip we're going to my
parents grandpa are you excited we're
gonna make the long trek wash atonia we
have not been to Jared's we haven't been
to Jared's parents house in a long time
when was the last time you went not
since we got after we got married Jen's
wedding we were up there okay so it's
the last five years how this three years
holy I don't know cuz then we made a
sporadic trip that wasn't before they
were married
oh we haven't met there in a while and
Jackson it'll be nice to take Jackson up
to Grandma Krampus house that we're
gonna have Thanksgiving with them but
we've had a rough morning just because
we've been packing in our video like
it's got snot left to process it's got
one minute left and I'm hoping it goes
through yeah this is crazy Connor Graff
morning but I posted this picture I'll
show you on Instagram of Jared and
Jackson and then I seriously I couldn't
do I lay it on the floor because I have
I been feeling that well this morning
did you say you couldn't even I couldn't
even I just couldn't and then I Jackson
just had my phone he was right in front
of me he would just was like playing
with everything that was in the floor
the room the socks my phone paper and he
uploaded this picture I accidentally
took that earlier it was just in my
photos and he uploaded it and literally
I have like 200 likes on already I think
people know that it was Jackson but I
had to share that with you he's a smart
little kid already getting that but he
was I saw him poking around at the
photos and I just didn't care and then
all of a sudden this got uploaded oh
that's really funny but anyway he needs
a nap so we need to get going you know I
know I'm like I have to get him down so
we're gonna go we're gonna start our
road trip and we're gonna head on out
every time we were driving somewhere
growing up and the person in front of us
were going slow and if my dad was a
little impatient my mom would always say
maybe that person is bringing sue
- to their sick neighbor maybe that
person's not wanting to spill anything
in their car because they're bringing it
to someone or if like we were late or if
like something was causing us to not get
to our destination my mom was like well
maybe this is like heavenly father's way
of like preventing us from getting in an
accident later on and right now good
golly we are so frustrated because we
can't seem to get out of our house our
garage doors stuck it won't close won't
close I can't leave it open for several
days it will not close so I'm reminding
myself what my mom always said maybe
something's happening now so that's
something that doesn't happen when we're
traveling maybe we'll miss an accident
maybe we'll you know do something jerk I
one time we had a really cool experience
we were driving to my mom's house and it
was snowing one time and we always
usually say like a prayer like just a
safety prayer when we were driving to my
mom's house we didn't say the prayer yet
and Jared's like hey I think you should
say the prayer and I was like no we
don't need to say the prayer and like
two minutes later I felt back it's like
who you know who am I to say I shouldn't
say a prayer so I was like okay okay
okay I said the prayer so I said the
prayer and then like and we pulled over
and said the prayer and then like two
seconds later we witnessed an accident
in front of us a car hit another car
like ricocheted across the freeway and
we stopped to make sure everyone was
okay and it just goes to show me that
you know prayers strong and you know
sometimes little things like this is
just a way of you preventing a wreck or
something I'm rambling did that even
make sense
my maternity clothes came
to survive
it's finger baby camera shy
Jaxson it's okay to eat on camera
look at that took one more place
he's just putting in his mouth and he
won't bite it there you go
Jackson's kind of like my dad where you
get my doubt like a little bite of a
candy bar a banana and he doesn't want a
little bite then you like I takes like
half of it and Jackson like if I put it
more in his mouth then he'll bite down
these like waiting he's waiting to have
like yeah take a little bite
but Jackson and I are just sharing a
little bit of lunch for sure and a
banana and I'm feeling really well Jared
still driving nice and safe you're awake
hands on the wheel chair yes look at my
feet look at all those little and fully
approved out feathers or something like
that what I'm sure it's like Kelly did
you just like fart up feathers but no
I'm wearing his little Christmas socks
and it's the leaving stuff everywhere I
think we're gonna play a lot of
Christmas music today I think so too
come on coop got it
got a bike in there
but Jackson's being a good boy look at
those two teeth marks look at those two
little bottom teeth marks right there
crazy boy every time I do my makeup I
end up with a little bit of mac fix+
and it's all it is pretty I don't even
know what's in it water it's usually
fresher it really is pretty much water
to refresh her and it just kind of makes
your makeup kind of set and it puts
moisture in your skin and every time
check every time I do it Jared's like
about me and I hit refresh sure so
because especially while we're driving
Donna stops I was humming there you go
got it he does not act like that every
time but he loves that even when I'm at
home he's like oh I want some it
seriously just like moisturizes your
face it feels really good but it feels
really good
awesome No
the words you know this first before way
better for us
she's always nice
I know
you know
Oh
I finally made it we're here we're at my
parents house and it does with all these
oh my gosh these that are around it's so
fun should we go inside okay let's go
get Jackson he smells like pee okay
Jackson are you ready okay so go see
grandma and grandpa careful on these
steps
all right there's my front door I
haven't been home in three years I'm so
excited well Jackson I know we just got
here and the party is just about to
begin but you have got to go to bed it's
way past your bedtime and you were so
sleepy huh
he has been loving just crumpling around
he's been cooped up in the car all day
and he's just been running around from
place to place and I know Grandma and
Grandpa are excited to see him yes guy
that's so good to see you I feel like
it's so good to be home when we were
driving down the road like Mike Sullivan
I was just like feels good it is good to
be home did you notice a lot of changes
I noticed some especially just down the
road from our place yeah they sold all
that property and they're building house
yeah that's crazy than I know so okay
say good night to Jackson guys good
night yeah Jason well guys we're here we
made it it feels so good to be here I'm
so exhausted
and so tired how you feel you got some
good you got some sleep in the car right
yeah you're sleeping in the car cuddle
up in a little ball how comfortable is
that but we're excited to you know do
all these activities that we have good
on your stick Leonard
but I think that's it for the vlog one
thing that I wanted to say real quick
guys my brother Matt and his wife Emily
they actually do vlogs and they have
some really cool news they actually just
announced that they're pregnant - can
you believe that how many family members
do we have that are pregnant right now
Jennifer's pregnant Emily Emily's
pregnant Julie's pregnant and now
Emily's pregnant me and you five of our
family members are pregnant all at the
same time here's what I want you guys to
do Emily has been pregnant this is her
fifth time being pregnant and they have
two kids so I think you know it would be
really nice if they got a little extra
love so if you guys want to go I'll have
a link to their channel a link to their
announcement video down below be sure to
check them out tell him that we Sencha
and go give them as much love as you
possibly can go hug their faces okay
thanks so much for watching today guys I
hope you had a wonderful day I'm sorry
might have been a little boring cuz we
were all in the car and everything but
that's what we did today so that's what
you're gonna get and you're gonna like
it don't throw a fit you get what you
gettin you don't drop that okay I'll see
you guys tomorrow bye
