peekaboo me see you ah where did you go
hey you thinking about it you thinking
about it okay guys how do you teach a
kid to go backwards down the stairs
because he doesn't know how he just
stares and the only way I thought not
pulling him down but he looked kind of
freaked I put his little his little feet
down and then come on you move your arms
this way and kind of teaching him the
rhythm of it and then earlier I kind of
like pulled is like a little so he kind
of goes on his belly and goes down but I
don't he just doesn't get it and
obviously he's just a baby still he's
only like ten months so I mean I think
sometimes babies even go up to like 15
months and still don't know how to go
down the stairs that way but Jackson
loves the stairs he loves to climb up
the stairs I trust him
once he gets to the top he doesn't ever
go back down like he's kind of too
scared but one of these days he is gonna
get brave enough and he's just gonna go
for it so that's why I need to keep a
close eye on him but he's he's starting
to become a little bit more interested
in turning around and going down stairs
but I don't know as of right now he's
just going up and I've tried to practice
with him going down my dad it was cute
one day he literally just like held
Jackson and Jackson like kind of rolls
down the stairs but my dad held him like
each stair kind of like guiding him so
it's just like I guess practice makes
perfect but we're practicing we're
trying I don't know if it's too early
but might as well try right we're just
home hanging out so we're just doing
stairs this is our exercise for the day
go a few more we're all the way up the
flight of stairs working up an appetite
whoa oh you let down the stair he did he
learn
just kidding got itself but your get in
there good job son
good job hi guys who are you oh I know
you you're going for Jared he's ordering
food they always want just Jared is life
late on this but what Connie invited us
to return genre Oh
shopping is she's like what are you guys
doing it was like we're out and about so
let's go go eat so thanks for the invite
Bonnie here everytime I am worth little
Cody he's always like I want you to sit
by me and it's so fun because even
though earlier he's like where's Jared
he like loves me and the fun hey you
boys look at these cuties I can't get
this buckle on yeah he's hot enough
these cousins will forever
like I cannot even believe it could help
fun they are gonna have growing up good
jumpy he's like oh okay let's go look at
safety first came buckle trees and some
ornaments
are you so excited Jackson look at it
can you see that what do you think buddy
do I get closer that's getting closer
whoa look at him he uses that pointer
finger Jared that's great I'm moving
here so the framing is better
look he pointed this finger PC does
light oh my goodness these women what
are they going to do next
oh wow you guys watch out the train is
coming
and look at those cabooses guys we we
are getting a Christmas tree we're not
setting it up because well we have
Thanksgiving and then after the excuse
me we'll set up our line ah see why not
set it up and just have it done cuz I
want to set it up after okay cuz people
give us a lot of crap just because we're
in the holiday spirit already doesn't
mean really though it's fun to be in the
holiday spirit like I'm excited for
Thanksgiving I'm excited to be a family
I'm excited to eat a good dinner with my
family it's just gonna be fun like I
feel like today I feel like we're in the
holiday spirit actually Fletcher just
helped me put together Jarrod help me
yeah right Jarrod did sorry I need to
give credit to where it deserves Jarrod
just built this shelf just like a day or
two ago and now I'm finally putting all
of our stuff on it and it's so nice to
have this area because this is like the
swings and stuff for the baby that we
just wrapped up really nicely so like no
dust or bugs or stuff we'll get to it so
we wrap that up really good we put that
up there and then we have like all of
these are Jackson's clothes that he's
grown out of and honestly if we do have
another boy one it'll be so fun for
Jackson to have like a little boy and
brother to play with but it'll kind of
be nice because we wouldn't have to buy
anything
just like I don't any one thing good you
want a mini-me
I know that yeah everybody wants a mini
version of themselves you know but
either way I want a cute little le
running around guys our vlogs they'll
just they'll go crazy if you have a girl
like she'll probably be a little
hellacious she'll be a cute little
angels but she'll be but it just I just
was thinking I'm like oh if we have a
boy we wouldn't have to buy it seriously
like anything but if we have a girl
would be really fun to go buy dresses
but anyway we have all of this that we
have done so they like my shelf that I
built with my bare hands
you really did thank you oh wow what
else table and secure that is it's
totally stable thank you so much I
really appreciate it Jared
that was a bad moon walk sorry anyway
okay guys um we just got this together I
think we're gonna go poop from that Jax
it not oh wow we're gonna go poop around
poop for a minute
Jax is taking up we're poop jaws when I
met I'm gonna go take a nap chicks I'm
really tired
no sorry if I I have to get these
groceries from down here up there and I
think I will instill the help my wife
and let's get this a shot okay Lacey I
think that I think that's good enough
Betty Oh next Oh
diapers Hey one two Hey this is gonna be
the hard one Ellie it's the white white
are you sure you and then drop it okay
all cuz yeah hi psych is ready yeah one
two three she did it yes everybody
oh here's the onesie here's an exact
look are you screaming oh that's so much
better
and then here's a bag of towels
yeah
fun - good job Ross okay - so I'm here
in my office and all I hear is giggle
and laughing and I have no idea what's
going on
what are you guys doing we're just
cuddling
you guys are just playing I swear
Jackson is just laughing like crazy
well like that what you did yeah you
won't miss Jackson oh my gosh hahaha
look at him kick his legs he's like
giddyup giddyup yeah yeah I was like I
couldn't drop it a little bit but he's
fun he's good he's holding on boy
Jackson has like the strongest grip at a
ready
he's like come on mom I have a child I'd
love to play
I love that more than anything oh you
just missed it give another kiss oh he
just gave her like the most amazing
guitar cues I love that Jackson's old
enough to play now that's like my
favorite thing in labor is full no that
is so sweet and tender I love my little
family can I just say I feel so relieved
but at the same time so exhausted just
mentally exhausted
the video is finally done and it's up
the hundred thousand video that you guys
may happen that you guys made possible
is up live and I like I'm proud of it I
feel like it turned out so well it came
together better than I am
imagine and I am just so grateful for
you guys who participated thank you so
much
honestly it was so much fun to work on
it took a long time literally I spent
days upon days like full days trying to
get this done I probably spent four full
days like if you add up all the time I
probably spent like four full days on
the video and so that's 24 times four if
you're really good at math that's like
what something-something 96 I'm so bad
at math honestly guys without you this
would not be possible so from the bottom
of our hearts thank you so much we are
so grateful
right now Jackson is just playing in his
little closet he's got his ukulele he's
a man after his own father's heart he is
he is so fun he's at honestly at the age
where he is just so much fun to be
around in to play with Ellie is making
the amazing chicken scampi right now and
I just I think that's so cool instead of
going to Olive Garden and buying all of
this stuff there let's just make it here
because it's just as good Jared
the video was amazing good job like good
job thank you guys for participating and
the comments on the video have just been
so awesome thought so thank you for that
I I still feel like he was at the
computer for so long and he mentally was
like wanting like his heart to go into
itself right JEP that's a good night's
rest for that so thank you I think
that's why to me it was like so mentally
draining is because I did try and put my
heart into it I did try and put a lot of
emotion into it because you guys bring a
lot of emotion and you guys do mean so
much to us so that's that's what I tried
to do we are gonna have a wonderful
night together as a family we're gonna
have this wonderful meal that Ellie has
prepared for us by her own hands the
hall of garden chicken scampi it's
amazing you've done a video on it I'll
have a link to Ellie's channel an exam
it stills good but I'm going Ellie has a
new video on her channel right now about
her 12-week video we got there so check
that out too I did a biscuits and gravy
that turned out great God's going up
soon thank you again so much you mean
the world to us
thank you for letting us do this you
guys are awesome have a wonderful night
and last but certainly not least le let
me see your booty baby let me see your
booty
let me see your booty boom boom thanks
guys see you later
we are Ellie and Jared and we know that
none of this would be possible without
you guys we want to give you 100,000
thank you
