guys today is the first day of our sixth
year of marriage can you believe that I
think that is so crazy time has just
gone by so fast
it's so cool to think back of all the
time that we have spent together and
what's even cooler it's to think about
all the time that we will spend together
the time that we're gonna be spending
growing closer together to becoming
better friends better companions when I
first got married I remember I got some
really great advice from my
brother-in-law and I'm totally
paraphrasing it here but I think it's so
true
he said selflessness is the key to
success in marriage and I think that's
very true and it's two ways you both
have to be completely selfless selfless
and here's what I think if you give
everything you have everything that you
are and everything that you have to your
spouse and they do the same you only
have room to receive happiness only room
to receive joy and love because you've
given everything that you have to your
spouse that all you can do is receive it
too and that's why it's very important
it's two ways the only way it can be
successful is if both couples are
participating that way and I just love
that our relationship I feel like has
that as a foundation that we'd strive
you know it's we're not perfect but we
strive to be completely selfless and and
we do that as much as we can and I'm
grateful for LA and I love her so much
but today is a very busy day we have
well I've been running errands all day
I've been doing I've been doing
utilities I've been setting up things
for the post office I've been you know
our address the peel box it's been crazy
and I'm going crazy on this video I'm
trying to get it all edited one thing
that Ellie did today was she did a house
tour on her channel so all the link down
below I'll be sure to check that out but
I'm excited guys I love that I'm busy I
love that we're busy it's such a good
feeling to be busy and it's something
that we love to do all of these things
that are keeping us busy we love it
pretty you doing where are you doing
do you play this dad are the Foxes
Mello's huh okay guys I finally got
Jackson's toys in here look out all
these giraffes that he has but I finally
got all of Jackson's toys in here and he
is loving this little toy closet area
that we have we have made his but I just
did the house tour video on my channel
so you'll have to go watch that but I
asked everyone I was like where am I
gonna put my Christmas tree cuz there's
really kind of only two spots there's a
spot right here that I could put like a
big tree right there or were those
little book boxes are right there this
is like a little corner area that I
could put up right there so if you guys
have a suggestion on where the christmas
tree goes and let me know and we will
put it in one of those two spots soft
kisses Mickey Mouse loves baby did you
did you did you do you guys remember a
few months back when Jared and I were
talking to you guys about Opinion
Outpost it was funny I just got off the
phone with my sister because I was
showing her these clothes that I was
going to send her as
some of them fit her I was gonna send
her and then donate the rest because I'm
not gonna wear him anymore
and when we talked about Opinion Outpost
a few months ago I had no idea she even
watched that video let alone was doing
Opinion Outpost and what the Opinion
Outpost is I'll have the link down below
but it's a survey that you you take
surveys between like politics food movie
is kind of all sorts of surveys and you
pretty much can either get cash or the
survey money can go towards Amazon and
iTunes but she has a hundred and fifty
dollars towards Amazon that she's using
for her Christmas and their medical
school so that's like their only really
way of like making money right now and
especially for the holidays I seriously
had no idea that she even participated
or like watched that video and I was
like Julie I have to share with my
viewers because me and Jared um
participated with that Opinion Outpost
for a little bit but now that the
holidays are coming back we want to get
into it that way we can have a little
bit of extra for the holidays because we
shop a lot on Amazon anyway but I just
wanted to share that with you guys
because the holidays are coming up and
in case you guys didn't know about it or
didn't see that video a couple months
back but I just thought that was really
cool sorry Julie hope you don't care
that I kicked up with all my viewers but
where she told me I was like are you
kidding me like there's a lot of money
but I don't know how many surveys she
did though I think they've been doing it
for like a month maybe you do like a few
surveys here and there but well that's
pretty cool what are you two boys doing
what do you do boys doing what are you
doing oh my gosh they're gonna love each
other or hate each other they are good
at playing with each other they like
each other these two a lot of the time
Jackson gets together with the cousins
but I think Jackson and Boston actually
like Getti like they like Jackson under
sick Jackson understands that Boston's
Boston's like able to play with like
their play buddies oh yeah they totally
get it but we're here at Bonnie's house
she is going on a date and what are we
gonna do while mommy and daddy go on a
date
Birgit stay with you for a long are we
gonna do together we're gonna what do
you want to play what should we play
first wrong way we could do Red Rover
I'll help you get up get up here step on
my hands Oh what are you a baby okay
it's okay
I think one of our favorite things about
coming to Bonnie and Joel's house is the
love sac one two one two
hey let's change that feather my butt
could fit in there I'd want to do it
Red Rover Red Rover send Sheri right
over
wait a second you're not Jerry you know
Jerry go back and do it again go back
and do it again stand up stand up go
back and do it again
Go Go Go Red Rover Red Rover send Olivia
rides over
you didn't get through try again Red
Rover Red Rover send Boston right Oh
busted so fast he's stuck right through
Red Rover
cleaning pick up your finger and a fruit
that starts with P birdbrain yeah short
actor twins Arnold Schwarzenegger always
heading to Philadelphia twins yeah you
some twins always said it's always said
he was in bad man he was the penguin and
Batman he's very short and he's an actor
using Mathilda Jenny DVDs Matilda
from here oh now it's going to be very
soon yeah
hey guys we had an awesome night playing
games with my sister and my cousin and
he was on a blind date with a friend so
I've got a lot of fun playing games and
watching our nieces and nephews but it's
really late and the type he gets time to
end the vlog you know we're gonna do
tomorrow though what we're gonna play
the new Mario Kart update oh okay okay
I'm gonna pick up the couch tomorrow I
hate we're not getting it tonight but
we're gonna go get my couch tomorrow and
there's a diaper goodbye to the diaper
everyone say goodnight diaper but but no
what are they called
okay guys you kiss your butt better I
know goodbye goodbye
