good morning good morning it is a very
special day today do you know why it's a
very special day today the light switch
is not right there that's not why it's
special ah there we go it is a very
special day today because it's Elly and
my five year anniversary
all righty guys I've got the biscuits
I've got the gravy I've got the juice
now I just need the girl let's go take
this up to Ellie and we'll start our
anniversary okay happy Anniversary tears
breakfast Jax's giggle crazy little
buddy
he's like what is going on what's going
on guys
why'd you bring me all this food just
looks so good Jackson you're hot to grab
him I'll go crazy
okay this is Jackson Jackson I can't
believe he's that tall you can stand at
the end of the bed and poke his head up
Jarrod thank you so much for bringing
this to me seriously that was like the
best decision was to make it last night
so we didn't have to make it this
morning we just heated it up there we go
I'm so excited but I have to eat because
I'm going in for my consultation like 45
minutes we all slept in so I'm gonna
eight and we've been watching the first
smell storm you believe it yeah Joe not
thanks I cannot believe it's snowing
right now
oh my goodness look at all that snow
anyone breakfast and a surprise yes are
you ready for this dress I got you
something it's nothing it's nothing big
but I got you something
yes let me see that
you okay this is what I got you we
didn't even talk about anything we kind
of decided that we weren't gonna do
gifts because because we have the move
and everything we just assumed
cheers that is not a little oh my gosh
Jared and um from what I read in the
comments I think it's pronounced see
instead of sigh yeah it's not pronounced
si sigh huh
happy Anniversary I want to see the
bottle mm-hmm
well good thing my little sample is
empty and I was kind of sad is it empty
I this is perfect so you can actually
wear it on your anniversary
yeah oh my gosh it's like a beautiful
bottle it seriously is I did a video on
my channel and I talked all about it ah
Jared that was so thoughtful
thank you five years baby
that went fast yes it did does it go
fast for anyone else like time flies
it's crazy you know it's okay it's okay
guys we just dropped Jackson off at my
sister's house for a little bit and
Jared is taking us on our little
adventure today and we are starting out
by we we're gonna go get pedicures
together
I can't wait you believe that's what I'm
doing
are you gonna get your nails paint like
shaycarl does haha guys I am so excited
like I was telling Jared in the car just
a second ago I was like this anniversary
is different not that it needs to be
elaborate or anything but just that five
years to me tomorrow is a very huge
milestone and I feel like our whole five
years has not it's been a
I feel like Jared and I as a couple have
had a wonderful five years but
everything in the five years has not
gone according to plan which is a good
thing now that you look back it's like I
can see why but it definitely exceeded
our expectation oh oh yeah I'm glad our
plans didn't work out because schooling
work jobs babies like Jackson's been our
biggest blessing yet if you would have
asked me two years ago I would say I
would never wish this upon anyone which
I still don't but it's it's made me be a
different kind of mom so we feel blessed
that we've gone through the trials that
we have yeah good way to put it
Jared told the girls to be careful
because my my cuticles are sensitive so
you're again trying to sound smarter
than I actually yeah but you're no Akua
smart now how does it feel wonderful
it's we why don't we do this more off I
know I'm like this is right close to
home and my feet she's having to go to
town with that file up because mine are
the worst they are so doing dry but
these are the cutest little tubs for
your feet I am certainly enjoying my
however enjoy yourself you have a drink
I've got a drink but I'm gonna close my
eyes and enjoy this what color are you
gonna choose Ellie thank you between
these two which ones between those two
what one do you like
I think the darker one okay are you
gonna pick one for me yeah okay I guess
I'm getting my toenails painted hey her
pedicure might as well get the full
treatment Riya I'm getting my nails
painted guys I'm going with gargantuan
green great are you ready for this I
think that's a good color
I think Google's really well with my
skin tone
I think that my toenails really look
amazing I don't know my life so Chris
and there's Jarrett what do you guys
think I'm glad that you got yours done I
thought it was funny I was so asleep but
we're gonna go eat lunch I think I am
ready too
and then and then we're gonna go see a
movie so we just got back from our
awesome awesome date slash adventure
slash just having fun together we went
and got pedicures had some lunch and
then saw a movie we saw a big hero 6 and
I thought it was a lot of fun if you
have kids I bet they would really like
yeah it was it was really really good so
now Ellie and I are just sitting here
we're on the bed since we don't have a
couch so we're just hanging out here we
were talking about our wedding day and
just thinking back about all of our
memories with our wedding day and one
thing that the first thing I remember
like especially going back like 5 years
ago
it's cool the thing bact about
everything that has happened in the 5
years but I remember waking up this
morning and seeing it's snow and then I
remembered on our wedding day what the
weather was like it wasn't snowy it was
kind of chilly but it wasn't too cold
but it was bright and beautiful I
remember the sun shining that day and I
just thought this is a beautiful
beautiful day a perfect day to see my
bride
I remember going and getting pictures
right before Jared got there I remember
Jared pulling up and then me my which
was my parents and I and we're just
taking pictures and having fun I was
talking to Jared here cousin it by me
okay I was talking to Jenna is like I
know a lot of people have asked us about
our wedding but I really don't know if
there's much just just not not not that
there's not much to say but like I think
the wedding was very simple it wasn't a
very elaborate wedding and I think
that's why it was very special to us oh
yeah
and I remember giving a talk at a church
before we got married it was like a
couple of months before I got married or
something and this is kind of like how I
feel like our whole life kind is that
you
in our house and stuff I could be wrong
but I feel like my wedding day and when
I gave the talk I talked about how to
remember the importance of the wedding
day it's not about the cake it's not
about the flowers it's not about the
colors it's not about the bridesmaids
it's out it's not all about the bass
about that bass bout that bass no treble
it's about it was it's about us it's yes
we don't you know we really didn't want
to focus on all the little things we
really wanted to focus on us getting
married you know and so I don't get me
wrong it was fun getting ready for the
wedding but I remember it was like the
first cake I saw it's like yep that cake
works that beautiful that will taste
good in my belly and then the flowers I
was like yep that whatever like that
works and it's not that I didn't care
it's just that it was gonna be beautiful
no matter what any kind of flower I got
was gonna be pretty any kind of wedding
cake I get is gonna be beautiful you
know and so I think it was really simple
that way like my dress I tried on like
three dress as long as like if this is
pretty like this will work and let's be
honest here you will look at in any
wedding dress and so it was super easy
it was really cute but you know I just
remember that day really focusing on me
and Jared and that was it and you know
if you guys like don't feel like that's
the way it has to be that but that's the
way we wanted it yeah by the way I felt
like it was very special that way
because you know it was really centered
around us and the the reasoning why
we're getting married well yeah the the
joining of us together I felt like that
it was very special and very focused on
that it was really cool it was really
fun a lot of families are so we we woke
up and we got married at the Ogden
temple we showed you guys a while ago
and you don't have to rent it out you
don't you don't have to pay it's just
your score yeah it's a scheduled four
members of our church that are worthy to
go in and so we scheduled it we had a
time we all went in and then afterwards
we had a lunch
so it was all of our family and honestly
there weren't very many friends there
there were five closest friends only
because it was a luncheon it was like it
wasn't just like a reception center like
were people like you had to pay for the
plates to eat so it was a lot of family
and a few close friends and that was so
fun like I stood up and like I just said
thanks for everyone coming do you
everybody I yeah well I remember you you
just it was very short and sweet you
just said thank you for everyone coming
and showing your support we love you
guys and we're grateful for everything
that you have done to help us come
together and um you know I think we said
something and it was just really like
Jared sang a song I just wrote a song
and sing it and my dad wrote a song and
sing it here's a funny story so I had a
really hard time coming up with the song
and so my dad wrote a song to help me
say uh see how easy it was to write a
song and he wrote a song about how um
you know the words Oh something about
you know finding writing a song for
Ellie and he's like you don't have to be
very smelly to find a girl like Ellie or
something like that just Ellie Ryan it
was really funny actually not like I
forgot that Wyatt was do you want to
know something that I remember this is
my feel inappropriate but so when women
they have their little words the guard
finger the Garter well usually people
you know slip it off and then shoot the
groom will slip it off and shoot it I
got it with my teeth yeah we have a
picture of that that's really funny and
Ellie's uncle bet any $5 that I wouldn't
do it but I did he defended and he gave
me a vine I think though Cal it was
either uncle Calvin or uncle Rex oh
that's funny
yeah but I did it and I got $5.00 it was
just really fun taking pictures and
something that I loved about our wedding
day is it didn't end at like 9:00 or
10:00 at night we're sound like oh yeah
then we were out of there like three
three or four like we had our luncheon
and then we were good because of the day
was so fun it was really cool because we
were just with family and friends and
then we just went about our way after
the luncheon we we drove to the hotel
and we were honestly like super
exhausted honestly the last thing we
remember as we woke up and it was like
10:00 p.m. and we were kind of ticked we
were like what is my fault and so what
do you do when you wake up on your
honeymoon at 10:00 tonight
well you go to Wendy's to get a
hamburger duh yeah the guy like did you
guys just get married because our car
was he was on daiquiri I'm oh you're
like yeah it was honestly the only place
that was open like we searched on our
phones we searched for everything the
hotel we were staying out did not have a
restaurant and so we're just like where
do we go so we just went to Wendy's I
know it's lame but it's a memory that
will always always have but I remember
it like we felt so peaceful there wasn't
a lot of stress it was a lot of fun and
it was all about us coming together as a
couple and joining together and being
together as one for eternity that's true
what do you really own who can name that
TV show can you name that TV show okay
leave a comment down below if you could
name that TV show how do you moon I
think that is our vlog for the day I
hope that you enjoyed that a little bit
I had a lot of fun Jared did get his
toenails painted but I actually made him
I I said if we're paying this money to
get it out I care like freakin get a
pedicure go all out right yeah it was
fun cuz i sat there and he was sitting
there anyways that's like in Roseville
honestly the pedicure was it felt so
good yeah do we the best is the best but
thank you guys so much for watching we
really do appreciate it and like always
we'll see you tomorrow bye bye hi good
night Kevin
member
