good morning everyone guess what I get
to do today
I finally get a go back into town but
this time I have a feeling it's gonna go
a lot more smoother Bonnie my sister is
actually gonna come with me and help me
out a little bit everything is kind of
pretty much like put away but not my
bathroom it's kind of a disaster um I
don't I don't really know what to do
with it all like all of like my makeup
stuff like obviously I want all down
here but I don't know so I'm just gonna
go try and find like either like some
organizers or bins or something but
Jackson just woke up from his nap he
woke up early that little stinker let's
go get it
Jack hey Jack hey hey why did you wake
up early
hi hey hey hi hi oh I love you kisses
kisses okay huh oh that makes me so sad
give me kiss
I'm gonna bite your cheek good mickus
tax Anna kiss me did your mama a kiss
there you go there you go what is
stinger you were playing with me you
would say no you guys saw that Kay my
little fox RV to go me aunt Bonnie hmm
he's been good to keep it on the whole
time here you go did your toy here I
know sorry I don't know my north east
south and west
okay so just know North is always this
way this is north okay is that's the
East where the Sun whoa okay mountains
north boo Bonnie's like perk on the east
side I'm like okay I'm here Ellie where
are you
sorry okay Harvey you I will play day
yeah okay let's go
oh what a day oh shoot don't look at me
guys I haven't done it yet
okay Ellie we seriously need to take
care of this tonight tonight we've got
to take care of this tonight how many
times has this happened to you your baby
struggling to get a diaper change
rolling over constantly with no end in
sight is he going crazy and crazy and
always rolling over he's actually doing
really good because I probably
disguising him he's he has a tooth
coming in right there hey kid you have
the front - he's he's dude he's three
teeth right now oh my goodness no wonder
he's kind of an fidgety and crazy and
wailing and gnashing of teeth he's been
a good boy though he's honestly been so
good but he is getting a lot of teeth
and I'm kind of excited about that it
kind of gives him a lot of different
looks and that's the thing speaking of
looks Jackson it's so funny when he's in
the crib after a nap and he wakes up he
always goes ooh man I used to do this as
a kid I used to go yeah it's like that
my face it's so great it's so funny
after me we should film him waking up
for men naps why - this morning you
didn't see the face well you did it like
before I got you like oh man well it's
about time for this kid to go to bed
guys I'm kind of excited for a few
different reasons I've been working on a
bunch of things I've been working on the
video which I'm again hoping to have
done by the end of this week - I'm
working on should I even say you guys
probably already know I'm working on my
channel okay and I'm excited to post a
lot of stuff and I've been working on
like the the channel art and I'm really
excited about it and I really hope
things work out really well I don't know
are you what do you think it are you
nervous are you excited no no I think
it's it's you've been wanting to do it
that what one of the reasons we started
YouTube is one for like us to start and
then you really have always wanted to do
so you've been posting videos on your
channel before we even I've had my
youtube channel for probably since 2007
2006 and I know
nothing professional it was just very
very see he's like crawling all over the
place give him but yes that's that's
that's all I'm gonna say right now well
I'm excited
mr. hahahahaha
he's like one more he's like what I'm a
daddy's boy that's for sure boy Oh what
what what oh there you go now look look
give him a kiss
Jackson you people right is good kiss ha
ha ha vomiting OH
okay everyone say good night to Jackson
say good night Jackson Shh go to sleep
bad good know about it oh there's a wall
behind me it's been far too long since
I've seen you
yes you I'm talking to you waxing pot
look at that here we go guys I am
plugging this in because it has been way
too long since I have seen this waxing
pot my eyebrows are in dire need of
waxing Dan guys don't be ashamed it's
okay if you get your unibrow waxed it's
okay if you take a little tweezer once
in a while and you pluck those little
hairs away it's not bad right
Ellie likes me a lot better when I have
my eyebrows waxed so here we go I'm
plugging her in here we go and we'll
turn it on high maybe maybe a little bit
less high ooh snap snap Ellie says it
takes about 15 minutes for that to get
ready so we're just gonna let it sit and
we'll let the beautification begin you
know how I went into town with Bonnie
earlier to go look for stuff for under
my cabinets for organization well we
bought candles
we bought candles today but I came home
and I was just like I'm just gonna try
and use what I have and I'll see if it
works and honestly it's working like I'm
kind of glad that I didn't buy anything
J
in bot or I think he won from work one
time it was like a little speaker box
that you can like Bluetooth and listen
to music and this is the box that it
came in and when he brought the box home
I grabbed this little acrylic container
I go yes it's gonna hold my makeup
brushes and I've had it for over a year
and it's held like some of my makeup so
this is where all of my little like
found or my like face wash and lotions
are going to go and then this little
trouble with my brushes and some lip
stuff and then this will hold the rest
of my makeup and then that'll hold our
combs and it'll work out but at first I
was really frustrated and then once I
got home I was like no I'll make what I
have work and I'm really glad that I'm
doing that okay it's time I just chew
Jarrod out apparently why did you pay
all the way high barely putting it on
high is not what you want to do you just
want to turn it on Jarrod just turn it
on don't turn it all the way up Jarrod
I'm sure she's like hey it's time really
no it's never bad let me show you go a
little closer you can see that half this
first part of Jarrod's eyebrows all grow
this way when I was first starting
beauty school I made the mistake of
taking all of it off and obviously all
of that was off and it was horrendous
so I've learned that I really should
only go like two there and then I'll
trim these to make I'm sure so hopefully
you won't be as grouille is it weird
that we're doing this right now
does anyone else do this and I was like
I don't know my little my little
trimmers are like with all the boxes and
stuff I don't know where they are
so we're usually cheered at night this
little Leatherman has been so useful in
everything thank you mom in LA for
getting it for me on my 21st birthday
yep five years ago almost I've had it
ever since it has been like one of the
best things that
ever have yeah you had a batter you
mocha let's wax that's it
oh don't worry okay your nose hairs are
doing next we're doing those to dance to
go looking at those as well here we go
this is the first time comes
Jackson is asleep remember I've always
liked Jeff no I mean hopelessly but like
don't don't
oh my gosh that's so much guy doesn't
see the art looks dark he let me do the
other side that's oh my gosh that's so
much I know seriously your nose
hazardous we're doing them that's crazy
do you want - I don't care done a month
so far hmm crazy okay let me treason
I'm nervous I'm nervous dude sure
there's one that's she much better let's
together so I can't believe I'm doing
this right now don't you feel so good
oh you hope so I better look good is
what it is
you're gonna kill me but I may just
tweeze a phono those are the words know
anything it hurts I won't I'll die first
I'll die first Ellie you can't make me
you can make your nose hairs does kill
it hurts do you got to do it do it
please anything else
let me count
oh let me look at that oh my gosh that's
so much yeah it's insane that's just I
mean it's just the edge you're not
supposed to go very far so oh man that's
it oh no you took heels Truckee I won't
let you put those tweezers away there
dad but there is one one longer what's
gonna stay that shirt please promise
it's just this one oh that wasn't cheap
I didn't did you get it yeah that I
didn't even feel it good oh thank
goodness I can do the rest
mmm I think that's at the end of our
night oh you're gonna go to that I'm so
I feel like I can vlog again without
having the judgment of thousands of
people I'm kidding you guys have been so
funny
it has been really funny to judge yet to
joke around that's what it's so fun
about and that's why I like you guys
because we can joke around so thank you
we don't take you so serious and you
don't take this so serious so it kind of
makes it really fun so we're gonna end
the vlog a lot of people been missing
the handstands but we're not doing them
because I'm pregnant and so I'm like I
just don't want the baby
it's just what fun of Jared does it
every night so I mean we would love to
come up with something another something
fun to do so you have suggestions let us
know let us know in the comments maybe
we can eat a doughnut every night we're
gonna well
that'd be really good I sent out a tweet
today like hey I'm looking for Jim's
what do you guys think oh crap just a JK
any time hey I can eat whatever I want
you can do whatever you want right here
I know how keeping of I need to find a
place to work out do what do you guys
think I sent on a tweet
Gold's Gym anytime no no no no no mm or
myself or Planet Fitness tell me what
you guys think what is your honest
opinion leave a comment down below what
do you guys think I should do to work
out because I need to I am so out of
shape well there's this new gym in town
that I think we're definitely gonna
check it out key and I think that that
would be the best bet yeah I guess I
shouldn't have flipped out sorry if you
guys like gold's gym but I'm just like I
don't really want to I don't I don't
know I don't know what I'm talking about
so I'll eat my doughnuts not be quite as
list whatever are we into this yeah I'm
sorry I'll just be quiet just scratch
that delete an house tour I'm doing a
house tour on my channel on Friday
I don't filming on Friday no no it'll be
up on Friday I think because we don't
even have a couch yet it's not like I'm
gonna be like decorating the place it's
just to show like what our place looks
like so just so you know take it with a
grain of salt
it may not be decorated go subscribe to
our channel so you don't miss it on
Friday yeah links down below yeah well
thank you guys so much thanks so much
for like bearing with us this week as
we'd like it's kind of been a crazy week
so I'm excited to get into order and to
get into a schedule with everything and
I'm excited so we'll see you later bye
maybe we should take a fiat Oh what
