good morning you guys we are in our new
place and for the past like two hours or
so Ellie has been meticulously going
through each box grabbing each
individual item finding a specific
location for Ellie's clothes to go
through and I just can't help but think
that's just so much time but honestly
it's like Christmas morning for Ellie
she loved this I've been telling Jenna
all day it's Christmas our health has
that but spirits on women's Christmas
that it's just like it feels like
Christmas
so Ellie's been taking a long time doing
that I've been sending up our internet
and entertainment center because that's
my Christmas but Ellie you've been
taking so much time and I want to show
you one thing okay I'm just gonna show
you one thing real quick he wouldn't
tell me what he was you turn
I know I should have done that and boom
I'm done see you guys bye
oh he's like don't do that no more oh
hey guys we are just finally sitting
down in there everyplace no oh hey I'm
like people are gonna be mad we're not
in our place so we're hanging out at
Bonnie's house we have been unpacking
all day long and Bonnie's like are you
guys hungry and I'm like I'm starving
she's like why have a sandwich sure if
you want one so we came over we ate
seven Jenica stop by your place earlier
right I need to post that picture on
Instagram right now you guys are
following me on instagram you should do
it right now because I post really good
stuff because but they stopped by just
for a quick second and it was really fun
they saw her place before anybody else
but they were first house guests I know
I should I told I was like I should have
a book and you guys can send it up to
something that's such a Utah thing to do
and I thought you told me your do you
guys do that too where you have like I
guess book yeah where people sign is
they cut is that weird I don't know I
didn't didn't land and say that that's
what they did in Finland oh yeah it's
very finished oh but I like I never when
I visited people's houses outside of
Utah I've never seen it but in Finland
yeah almost every place well I guess
today's vlog is a stones Ellie you were
close there will be slippy slipping a
wedding we're having a star tonight what
it is why Oh Jackie died years ago we
destroy your furniture a little bit
before we go hey guys it's Sunday and
usually Sundays we'd do a little one
take and we're just like I said just
hanging out at Bonnie's but I'm actually
pretty excited because we are just about
done unpacking Oh like we did so good
today all of it the kitchen's done my
bedrooms done the Jackson room needs to
be done but likes your city very much
the house is like put together guys hi
Tom
what we have a filming room yeah I have
a room to film videos and it's a
dedicated room to produce content great
quality content I think you're dying
with your own eyeball I'm Way fun for it
I haven't almost all the way setup so
I'm realizing you are at your side my
sides almost done this side has a desk I
have a desk and a computer thing I
wanted backdrop well all my computers
and musical instruments that's right
okay that's awesome what else you guys
want to see on my backdrop I don't know
you want to see my back door yesterday
when we were leaving our apartment I
think a lot of people were confused cuz
I said little girl and a brother and
then it made it sound like I was talking
about Jackson and then it seemed that I
was having a girl what I meant to say
was we are we had Jackson and then a
little girl for brother but I said am
sorry about the confusion but we have no
idea or Hannah we have no idea what
we're having but you guys will know
we'll have a big yeah I'm excited
tomorrow yeah tomorrow bring us up an
appointment for my doctor so I'm Way
pumped about that I feel like maybe I
should get off the couch you should
probably get up and do some things you
should not be walking I'm sorry guys
this is the walk join me I'll hold the
camera for a little bit we'll do a
little bit of walking in the video just
so it's not so boring so we're looping
around the kitchen here and we're back
to Ellie hey hey will you do something
cute for the camera there you go good
job ha ha ha we've trained him solo oh
so oh but Jackson is having the time of
his life today I blocked off the
stairway of our Seles has a baby gate
it's at my mom's house so we're going to
get that tomorrow but we blocked off the
stairway today and Jack
pretty much could go wherever he wanted
because there that all the boxes were
pretty much still packed at the time he
was having a heyday he loved it as soon
as he woke up from his nap we sent him
on the ground and he took off like crazy
with the biggest grin on his face
it was the funniest thing to room in out
in and out of everything it was almost
like he was marking his territory he's
like this is my room no this is my room
I want this room and then he sat in our
in my closet for like 20 minutes and I
had my belt like over this the hamper
and for like 20 minutes he slowly pulls
one belt does it right you are just the
cutest little kid you know that these
two cousins are gonna do some
mischievous things when they grow up so
pounding finest coffee table they may
draw on my wall or Oh Josh or wallers is
that something that way you're gonna
have to worry about Bonnie
drawing on walls well if you go look at
my basement walls I'll give you the
answer yes
I better be good if you're gonna draw on
the walls you better be drawn some
masterpieces I don't want none of these
scribbles I want the Mona Lisa Jackson I
want the Mona Lisa the tub Scott you put
it and does it come out his mouth you
gently put it on the spout and then you
turn the water on and so the water comes
in here and then right here where you
put the bubbles oh so it and then you
close that shouldn't be in there oh it's
a gospel I thought it was a golf ball
this paper close the lid in the bubble
slowly drain out no and it just that's
not so buddies nothing that how are you
getting it out
oh speaking of bubble baths are you so
excited to take your first bathroom I
take my but I have one last fall just
one and I'm gonna use it to hang out
guys thanks for like everyone was so
cute yesterday what I told you guys that
my family didn't make you this is wet so
I was lucky on it uh everyone was like
for my family to not make me move at all
everyone's like your family so sweet or
like Ellie just stay rested like don't
worry about like us don't just do your
thing it was just very nice and I
especially especially with the video
everyone's been like take your time with
the video we know you're moving so you
guys have been really awesome so thank
you for being considerate of what we
have going on and everything but there's
a couple business items that I want to
go over real quick first of all a lot of
people have been asking about the PIO
box everything that we are going to get
a different peal box probably tomorrow
so you'll know the actual peal box
number tomorrow but everything that's
being sent to the old peal box is being
forwarded to the new P o box so don't
worry if you have something like sent
and you're like oh no it's not going to
get to them we're gonna forward this so
we'll get all of that stuff so don't
worry um what else did I have to say
whoa good shot that was good
so yeah the peel box that we got there
um the video I want to have done by the
end of the week yeah so I'm gonna work
faster though did we tried rendering it
again umm rendering has nothing to do
the internet okay good job
but rendering with after-effects with
what I'm doing it does take a long time
and so once I have everything ready I'm
hoping to have it done by the end of the
week so that's my goal even though we
were moving like Jarrod spent like the
pet not yesterday you were able to bit
the two days before that Jarrod spent
like four hours on it like it at one
time and then the next day spent another
several several hours on it so well and
then it's great we let it render
overnight and or didn't work so it's
frustrating as all get-out but I'm
really excited for what its gonna do and
turn out like so I really hope it I hope
my mind vision comes out onto video and
you can consume it the way that I see it
that's what I really hope
well guys before we end
I'll just have Jackson what's your last
words what's your last words no I don't
ignore the dead yeah well he didn't
really care to see just read is that
into the camera three times that's the
other thing
Ellie's probably gonna have a house tour
by the end of the week on her channel so
make sure you go to subscribe to Ellie's
channel I'll have links down below okay
yeah that's the other big shirt IRA make
sure that shout out yeah welcome okay
guys we'll see you tomorrow and we'll be
in our new place and I've got lots of
little shopping trips that I have to go
do so I'm really excited to take you
guys along tomorrow thank you for
watching and we will see you guys later
one more thing say goodbye say goodbye
bye bye bye
