let's move it move it let's move it move
it
today is moving day and guess what we
have a whole line mom's got a box mine's
got boxtrolls my box and dad and Jared's
got a box and everybody is helping me
move and I my job's done right guys cuz
all I had to do or all I should have
done was pack everything and then
everyone's been really helpful just to
pick up the boxes and move
luckily Jackson's crib is still here
because we just sat him in there and
he's just gonna watch just move
everything
can I have a kiss kisses well he gave me
one
you're ending things yeah his breasts
things my nose like a baby let me smell
it smells like binky breath it smells
like pinky red but when it's not your
baby it just doesn't smell as good I
like it at all oh hi not you means yummy
it's my baby breath my baby's baby
breath I guess it's just better when
it's your own baby oh I know I wouldn't
wipe the snot off of my nieces and
nephews nose unless I really had to but
his nose alright that's not enough any
day it's it's the heaviest piece we have
and just knowing our family we just know
we have to for yourself to like be quiet
and let the boys move it oh why is that
I like it's like a high stress thing
it's like they just they don't want to
do anything and it's just like don't
make eye contact
oh we just don't want to be on their way
you get out of the ball bed the windy
Hilda I don't want them get my furniture
good Georgie's head will be in a few
hours travel safe my friend close your
eyes I think George gets claustrophobic
but he'll be okay for just a few hours
we're just gonna leave you in the crib
we're gonna pack the crib and put it in
the u-haul
and we'll just leave him in it so I'm
good no that would be so so sad George
can keep your cousin oh yeah George is
in there George will be your babysitter
I have to give my dad some props
Oh my whole family props but look how
good this is like it's just everything
is packed nicely in neat and this is
full this is so full and I definitely
don't know what I'm doing and so before
we move dad's I can eat a bubble wrap
you need a strap you need a double-edge
thing so that our stuff doesn't get Dean
- nicht but I think they're just
bringing in just a few more things done
everything's packed and dad does the
director okay where is everyone
yeah mom you hold the door dad you
direct Bonnie's vacuuming boys or oh
there they are they're there I'll get
out of the way steps down here you got
gravity coming at you oh we did not.we
that's the worst thing we did not saran
wrap those doors we can just tape them
shit if you need to just been swinging
in cuts I think like the last heaviest
item that we've got how are your fingers
good Here I am like oh we did everything
so nicely knee and yet we didn't have
tape those doors I'm that dolly and just
scoot all the way inside while removing
it really won't take that long
let's just shampoo your hair real quick
Thanks you want a little off the sides a
little on top time to color it yeah
let's throw a couple highlights in you
boys move I'm gonna just sit here and
and wash mom's hair on our threads how
do we are almost done we've only been
going for 45 minutes and the last thing
that they the last heavy thing that they
have to get is just the couch onto a
trailer and other than that they're just
getting a couple little things moved but
Jackson's been doing so good in the crib
he's just been sitting here eating
crackers and watching us Bonnie's been
vacuuming for me and wiping floorboards
up and the boys have been just finishing
the last little touches alrighty I think
we've got it all packed up let's close
her up dad
u-hall with the lower decks new feature
look how low that goes okay next up the
other truck well this is it guys this is
the last walkthrough of our house empty
it smells good smells clean smells good
we've had so many memories here I
remember when we move stuff into our
room for the very first time and then I
remember in this room this was my office
this was my office we have no idea we're
gonna have Jackson and then to baby room
this was his room Jackson this was your
room first room your first room my
office turned into your room and I'll
never never forgive you for that
and there's our only one and only toilet
do you remember when the washing machine
flooded yes and do I have to replace all
of this stuff here twice Wow look at all
these memories we've had her isn't this
so fun started YouTube here
Jared started his his the biggest
blessing of a job that he's ever had and
then we're able to help YouTube here
like this video everything this is the
start of one of the biggest adventures
of our entire life and do you remember
how many awesome meals you had here and
that not as bad as the first Rosi made
at our first apartment think of all the
dr. pepper that's been in our fridge
you didn't be well and then when we had
our first couch and then we upgraded to
our second couch with a chaise yeah and
then we had our old TV right here that
was 19 inches for years to finally say
okay let's pay the money and get a good
TV we say get four years now did I not
say that like we we were like Oh cuz
$500 is a ton of money even now and I
was like do we want to spend it do we
need to and then we ended up doing it
and then we had HD TV it was so many
good memories here I'm gonna miss it
Howie me too okay let's say goodbye to
our fine little sister and brother us
forehead now let's go
hi there's all of our stuff all of our
stuff let's do this I really appreciate
everybody's help
but wait something looks like Bonnie's
in the cars me dad's in the car Jerrod
you probably want these oh I got my keys
yep you guys are playing wondering why I
gathered you all here I just wanted you
all to know that I'm pregnant
wait okay
oh no no just keep removing that that's
why I have you here I really appreciate
everybody helping us move I really
appreciate everyone's time that they've
spent they've all spent off the gas
money to come up and help us move so I'm
really glad I can treat my whole family
to some pizza I guess my whole family we
got done a lot of hard work I know it's
really okay then come on
look at these blisters you guys you guys
didn't see them because they were moving
so fast yeah yeah they removed they were
packing bTW so fast but roomy well then
they're just down the road and so I am
really sad that's another thing I'm
really sad about us leaving and all the
kids over there all the grandkids hey
guys say hi everyone Wyatt hey guys
they were like the danielle flipping out
and everyone's like shit now they're
like yeah so
Chad's friends miss basketball friends
they all watch ill we do when they're
like Chad's like Billy Joe come to my
house all the time like they come to
your house like they're my and they're
like oh that's so funny cute I think the
truck is all unloaded me and Jackson and
all the babies oh there's a look at
Prince Oh cute me Jackson and all the
babies in Grandma we took all the kids
to a little local park to play and I
already feel really good there was a
handful of mommies there playing with
their kids and everyone was saying hi to
me and welcoming me and invited me to
church and everyone was just so sweet
so I already feel really really happy
and I already feel really like
epileptics I feel like I'm gonna have
like a friend or two here and it's
really fun so I am gonna go back I'm
gonna unpack my place I don't know how
much we I don't know how much Jordan
wants to show you of the house yet
should we keep it a secret
no we'll show you a little bit but I
want to do a house tour on my channel
for sure that fear is causing his
problems
once again once again that crib is
annoying we got our two little cousins
playing are you happy
you guys happy what do you thinking are
you happy eat the cookie Bonnie what's
up I feel comfortable carrying this box
it scared
CJ's um randoms with a winky face it's
charged PJs it makes me feel like Shh
we're still unpacking but I have to show
you something there's all of you here
you guys
okay goodbye I was really nervous to
move because at the very tail end of us
living in our old place I thought this
is my home I'm really nervous to move
somewhere because we made so many
wonderful memories at our place
but as I'm pulling all of my dishes out
of their sacks and I'm seeing all of my
stuff on the counter I realize that it
already feels like home and it's all
because of what you make it be it right
home is where your pots and pans are yes
home is where your pots and pans are
seriously though I just was putting
stuff away and I'm like this feels dead
oh let me come sit next to you Ali
let me come sit next to you on the
ground as you can see we're not sitting
on a couch why is that belly
tell us why could be because our couch
is too big for this that's our couch is
too big for this living room we already
knew that before though we're getting a
different couch yeah but that was part
of the plan we knew about that yeah kind
of Sun but kind of fun I get a new couch
you get a new couch and I get to sit on
that new couch
yes I'm a bum guys we are moved and my
family didn't make me move one box they
were so good and I actually just
unpacked our whole kitchen the whole
kitchen is done and guess what I did
while she was doing that I got the
Internet's head up that's it yeah it
took forever and I yeah we ran into a
lot of problems but I finally got it set
up okay though and guess what what guess
how faster I don't know 100 megabits per
second a hundred megabits per second
it's a hundred megabits per second it's
double so I'm super excited I cannot
wait to download things and upload
things because it'll get better be
captured you do not get that video going
I'm Jarrod thinks it may be another week
because of how long it's been taking to
render I take ten hours at a time yeah
it took a long time to render and it
didn't even finish properly I had to
stop it because it wasn't going so I'd
say about a week and at the end of the
week on Friday I'm planning on doing a
house tour video on my channel everyone
goes
right to Ellie's channel I'll have a
link down below so you guys can see the
house tour and you want to know what
other link we're gonna have down below
guys bonnie and joel helped us move of
course my parents did as well but they
don't haven't they woke up at the butt
crack of dawn they got their kids up
they drugged them all the way down to
our place moved our stuff came a clear
crosstown back set us up and then I had
to go home so we have to just inform you
that they do have a little channel and
if you want you can go check it out oh
if you want me if you want but Bonnie's
really cute and her kids are really fun
and Joel is pretty awesome he's pretty
awesome and they just do two videos a
week she does a beauty video and then a
vlog video but that is our video for the
day guys thank you so much for bearing
with us I gotta get retail ready so you
guys are awesome and you already know
that yeah all the time yeah we should
know by know we think you're awesome
yeah don't think that things are getting
to our heads I think things could be
getting in your head you guys are just
too awesome yeah so thanks for watching
have a good day see you tomorrow in our
new house
by travelpod
