good morning you guys Jackson just
pooped on the floor
guys I think we honestly talked about
proving too much and I promise it's
gonna stop but it's just so funny that I
had to tell you Jackson we had just
changed Jackson's diaper we were just
like letting him air out a little bit
and he just crawled down the hallway and
stop for a second
Ellie and I were packing up a little bit
and sure enough there was a little turn
on the floor oh my goodness what a kid
I'm actually just about to go leave
Ellie is in need of some electrolytes
and some hydration so I'm gonna go to
the store and get some Gatorade and
everything for her she's feeling a
little bit better but in the middle of
the night she'll wake up and she's you
know got some stomach aches and
everything but she is getting better
definitely I think and basically today
and tomorrow this is like the final
countdown this is the final countdown we
are moving we're getting ready to go and
I'm excited I cannot wait to get into
our new place and start our new
adventure and that's the cool thing
about moving new places I feel it's like
a brand new beginning a new start you
know you can do things you it's a good
way to set goals and to start new things
and have fun and that's what I'm so
excited so Ellie's mom is in town just
for like ten minutes and she's going to
take a load of our stuff up to the new
place and sometimes when the doors open
you can't watch Jackson you're taking
things in and out you have to resort to
pretty drastic measures and you've got
to pack him in a box too so these days
there he was just climbing around all
over the place so we figured let's just
put him in a box well I will take you
home with me tonight then okay precious
cargo right there
yeah this praise guy that took the box
right now
maybe I'll just put you in this one yeah
that's big another work a little easier
for me to carry
look these are your seat belts in the
cart you hold on to this and you just
ride he doesn't think it's a good idea
I know hey daddy tell him your story but
you did this morning dad priority told
you guys huh I went to get Jackson out
and he actually like wanted to sit here
so I'm like okay I'll sit with you so
Jackson and I are just sitting here
still in the box and now he has a yummy
little cookie that he's eating and we
are watching grandma and Jared go back
and forth loading up mom's car I feel
about that I'm not helping but I think
they all understand I just kind of like
at least I have like kind of help pack
and stuff but as far as lifting and
bringing everything I'm I'm just gonna
watch Jackson huh and you're fun one to
watch anyway huh he's seriously loving
this little box he's just hanging out
ooh
don't pull too hard George might turn
around and bite yeah I am me and Jackson
are pretty much locked up in his room um
I think Jackson's kind of driving Jared
crazy and I think I'm kind of driving
Jared crazy I if my mom did not come and
help us out like I don't know what I
would be doing right now like I was like
I would have just stared at everything I
just feel like I'm all over the place
and if it was not for Jared and if it
was not for my mom coming to help I just
feel like I would be an even more hot
mess so anyway Jackson and I are just
chilling hanging out like we were all
day long and Jared's just calling all of
our bill places and changing our address
and tomorrow is the big day I'm so
excited it's kind of like a tradition
every time somebody moves they buy a
bunch of pizzas and everybody eats after
they haul up the truck so that's what
we're gonna do tomorrow we're gonna buy
a bunch of pizzas
we're gonna let the family pick out and
then we'll move to our new place and
this is all Josh you're so gay gay
you're so vocal he has a poor bump a
couple of you saw that and have
commented about it they're like go home
for Jackson so Jarrod keeps calling him
unicorn today hey unicorn unicorn
unicorn
he just bonked his head I'm so sad but
he's all happy and he's just crawling
around I just hear a loud crash and
Jarrod just dropped everything that he
was holding to pet the dog I seriously
just heard a huge crash did you just
drop those just to better that's cute
seriously put him down huh oh you're
calling them you're calling the places
that's cute
Jackson's ready to get up he's standing
at his crib yelling for dad of course
not mama of a dad yeah nope Jackson you
want to treat want to treat Jackson
Jackson you want to treat my treat
oh now I want sit he was shaking his
head like he has mashed potatoes on this
- hmm any time Ellie would ask him if
you will let me give you if you want me
tonight he would go yeah I let you want
treat and I said you are not your mother
son uh Jared and I this is our last
dinner at our apartment and a supper the
first time that we had dinner here when
we moved we had a huge pizza and was so
fun and we slept on the floor
I remember them that - yeah an air
mattress yeah we slept on an air
mattress in this living room the vet
today you want a bite
let me feed you
but today we got KFC pregnancy games
well it is our last dinner and I thought
let's just do let's just do something
easy eh something quick something fun
yeah so we're sitting here on the floor
and very reminiscent of our first time
here our carpets disgusting cuz Jackson
I wash I am madam look at all the breath
Jackson doesn't know how to eat on a
plate I don't know I don't get it
Jackson put your food in one full time
guys I'm going to Anne I'll vacuum but
anyway we got to get a bunch of things
done and then we'll put him to bed and
probably have to pack the TV up tonight
yeah Oh Jackson Oh Jackson Jackson what
are we gonna do Oh Jackson Oh Jackson
what do we get a night Oh his bruise
like ten times worse than the camera
it's not that bad in person we're in a
little bit of a pickle we've got a crib
here and the creep is not fitting
through the door so I either have to
take apart the crib or I have to remove
the door one of the two but the door I
think I think the door is gonna be way
easier because this took me like two
hours to do and Jackson's just chillin
is what did they call this a little
bouncer oh he was playing the toys and I
was like I'm just gonna put him in it
just have a good time he pulled this is
a baby look he could just pull and grab
these remember he was just like could
barely even touch up he's like on the
ground now can I go so much better break
this but everytime he who's calling me
Matt every time Jackson pulls this when
he was little he would like get really
sad so I'm anxious to see if he'll grab
it and what his reaction will be
oh here grab this one he does not want
it he knows what it does here I'll pull
it ready it's good play music
okay you don't mind it now hey now get
out of there this is for little brother
or a little sister now I just took the
pins out of the door and now I'm going
to take the door off
we've got net my brother Emily Carter
and Drake here they want to see because
I think Matt might think that I might
screw this up somehow
but that doesn't know I'm actually a
master craftsman so I know just about
everything well oh yeah that's him yeah
that's Matt they have a vlog channel too
you should go check him out I'll have a
link down below um so I took the pins
out of the door and let's see oh it's
going in and out of focus that's what
she said okay okay so the dude orleans
and by the way this was my original idea
i was like you could just take the door
off the hinge and it probably faster
than taking the whole crib apart but
jared claims it was his idea but it's
our idea that's a better way to do it
right jared yeah keep Jackson in there
keep Jackson in there I can only watch
Matt and his kids for so long I can't
watch Jackson and Matt come on
okay Jared you get the curve out he did
it my friend okay you take Matt and
Emily and I'll keep on fighting
just let's pick it in just hanging out
here okay are you gonna pull this yet I
did it for him
good team effort oh man what do you
think that I do a good job Drake your
faces in the way I can take a door down
I can change a tire but that's about it
holy cow so I am sitting here waiting
for this to render and it has 6 hours
and 7 minutes left so I'm not sure how
that's gonna work out I'll probably just
leave it all night and let it render
while I go to bed that is just to see
what it looks like it's not even done
yet
not even close done so this I'm just
having it rendered and exporting to see
what changes I need to make so in the
meantime we have we have our bed just
the bed part all of the other stuff is
right here and we are just gonna relax
the rest of the night and eat like Ellie
said American dream
oh is it American dream yeah marek own
did it it's a play on words it's like a
pun Americone dream look is on the front
this is our last night here and in
Colbert he's on the front I'm so sad
what do you think about it let me upset
I'm very sad
I don't think it really hit me into like
today I'm very sad I'm nervous that I'm
gonna move in a snot good for like home
I really think home is where your pants
are off I mean home is where your heart
is I really think that I mean we can
make a toilet seat is comfortable yeah I
think we can make any place that we live
home I really really do and I think this
new place is gonna be awesome for us
well sorry guys you can affect you but
guys 12:00 you fun vlog it's moving day
it's moving day and we're excited
because a brand new adventure is
starting and you guys are coming along
for the ride you excited thank pretty
sure it's midnight it's getting close
there we've been up all day I think I
got up at like 6:30 this morning with
Jackson and we just been going through
so good our dating and then we've just
been going all day non-stop so I can't
why I'm gonna be ready when this is done
yeah we all will thanks for helping me
you're welcome thanks for being so
organized in such a trouper while you're
pregnant and moving everything except
all the big stuff you really haven't
tomorrow I'm not gonna do anything well
everyone will do everything always
probably hold Jackson so okay guys
thanks for watching and have a wonderful
day and we'll see you guys on moving day
tomorrow
tomorrow
see ya you're beautiful okay bye
