good morning guys look at all these
foxes behind me and look at all the
boxes over there and look at all of our
food and stuff over here I decided to
take a break I'm eating a doughnut my
bathroom is officially all packed up
there's nothing left except a little
toilet paper all the counter stuff is
gone all the cabinets are gone we're
going to get rid of this and everything
is packed up
I decided to take a break because I'm
getting really tired and I want to make
sure that I stay nice and rested and Jax
is taking a nap and Jared has his
headphones in and he's working on the
100,000 video thank you to you guys he
has been working like crazy I should
actually leave him alone I told them
today I was like I promise I'll leave
you alone and he was up til one o'clock
last night and I was already in bed and
he came crashing in bed and he was so
upset and he's like I've been up for
hours working on this and it didn't work
out like he had downloaded some sort of
software or app that was gonna help him
put all of your guys's pictures into
like one frame and whatever he bought it
didn't work and so he spent hours on it
and ended up not working and he was so
frustrated but he woke up this morning
and he he figured it out he got a new
little application I think and so far
things are going well but seriously
yesterday like I told you guys I was
kind of a hot mess but jared was really
good to help me out and then today I was
like I think I got it under control I'll
let you work I'll leave you alone
and and I'll get things done so I do
feel much better from the other day grin
I'm eating a doughnut which is not
healthy but Jared got me soup yesterday
I drank lots of water I ate lots and
lots of soup all day and I have been
feeling much much better but that's
that's our morning update for you so a
lot of you guys in the comments have
been asking Jared where's the hundred
thousand video jared is the
video ready Jared I don't want to rush
you but do you have any idea when the
hundred thousand video is going to be up
I'll tell you what guys it's coming and
I am working on it as much as I possibly
can given the circumstances that we're
in right now I wanted to give you a
little update I have finished all of the
Instagram videos so all of the people
who submitted through Instagram your
videos aren't done and I think I
actually went through on Instagram and I
liked every person who submitted an
Instagram video so I went through ten
basically just like oh you know almost
like a confirmation like hey I checked
your video your video is in the video so
all of those are in there now for the
people who submitted through we transfer
like 99% of everyone who did it did it
right and did it well there are a few
video files in there that weren't like
there was no way of opening the video I
couldn't convert it I couldn't transfer
it or anything like that so the only way
that your video is not going to be in
the hundred thousand video is if the
file type was not convertible if that
makes sense so if I have video and I
have sound your video will be in the
video awesome and then the date that we
ended it we're like hey this is the date
that ends we still like we with our
other video we still got submissions
like a week later those unfortunately
aren't going to be able to be in it just
because we had it we have to have a hard
out we had to have a day that were like
nope this is then
so sorry if you guys sent it a little
bit late we did we wanted to stick to
our guns on the end date but I'm excited
to see I haven't even seen anything
other than Jared piecing it together and
so far I think it's going to be really
good so the thing about it is like the
what I have in my mind I have to build
from the ground up like I have to make
every single frame like it's I hope my
vision comes out onto the video the way
I want it to because if it does I think
it's going to be pretty cool if it
doesn't well it'll be stuff under watch
or something like that
I don't know I really hope it turns out
really good for you guys because you
guys put a lot of effort into this and
that's why I really wanted to turn out
really great how nice is Jared I just
ended the vlog and he goes he goes by
the way I put everybody in it I was like
would like you didn't stick to the end
date and he goes I wanted everyone so
unless the file wasn't able to open I
guess you're gonna be in a so that was
nice of Jared you're a better Ellie's
like um there's a hard date Jared didn't
do it and I was like I did I actually
did guys thumbs up for Jared he's a
nicer person than I am when we were in
New York me and my sister-in-law went to
crepes on Columbus and we got the best
crepes in the whole world the sugar on
it wasn't just brown sugar it was like
this crystallized thick sugar and so we
are at Crate savory savory and sweet so
I'm anxious to see if these are better
or even close to what the ones in New
York are Jackson's excited for crepes
I'm pretty sure this is one of the best
decisions we've ever made in our entire
life now we're moving on one never feels
we are as sweet and savory and look at
this crepe look at it I just want you to
look at this for a second
it's a Nutella banana whipped cream
crepe I got the London and you've got
the lemon and butter so that's good but
you can't beat that New York
are you really sorry I don't know this
this is I'm I'm so excited
come here come here huh you only went
halfway did he
hi guys what you doing can we work come
all the way come see me okay guys this I
cannot believe that we are gonna be
moving I just did my 10-week update my I
guess I should get out of the corner uh
I just hope sorry oh sorry so sorry
there George
oh uh I just did like ten week update
and I was just thinking I was like this
is the apartment but we started
everything with that we started the
whole YouTube and stuff and I kind of
just sunk it and I was like I'm gonna
kind of miss this place I am gonna be
really sad my sister does live down the
street and I'm gonna miss her little
kids I mean obviously we'll see them all
time at family functions that's usually
when I see them anyway because both of
us are kind of crazy busy but it's just
kind of weird like I think it's finally
sinking in I'm kind of sad but Jackson
and I are gonna play because then I have
to really go gun ho
I want the whole place pretty much
packed tonight so tomorrow I can clean
because I'm removing oh and there's my
phone oh I just put you up to walk okay
when we were on Ali's house Jackson is
walking along with always um toys all
the time but now that we're home he will
not walk with that he just wants his
football it's like a spider-man kiss oh
you love your mom that is so cute
I
Stemler
one way you are so cute and you know it
- he knows it I seriously like I was
like he's kissing me a hundred times
grab the camera I just wanted it you are
so cute
I just love my baby he's my baby you're
mine say goodbye goodbye say goodbye no
mom no no no not my toy oh oh hey he's
been following me out of his room I
started playing this out of the room and
he like mom let me he grabbed another
binky for his hand he like charged down
the hallway as I drag this out of the
room I just ran over my foot ouch hey
yeah I think he's starting to wonder
because his whole room is coming apart I
still feel like I'm in a mess you gotta
get everything put over here but so far
I'm doing a pretty good job and Jared
he's been able to help me this lost a
little bit 1 2 1 2 3 1 2 3 1 2
I think someone found one of their new
favorite toys Jackson what are you doing
oh no right now I just put that up there
Jackson was taking the bubble wrap and
he was like beating it like a drum it
was the most hilarious
Moving's fun yes it is pies are packed
well does our place look any different
we I feel like we've been working all
day but I can't really see all that much
of a difference you guys have seen the
kitchen already one thing that I did do
is I put all of my guitars and all of my
ukuleles in one spot
I was just like that is so cool to me
like I feel so blessed to have that many
musical instruments that I know how to
play now I know how to use and a little
sneak peek you're probably gonna see a
lot more of that soon but I think we're
gonna end the vlog today we are
exhausted Ellie's already in bed she's
just like Jared will you stop working so
I can go to sleep turn off the light cuz
I'm tired and she spent such a trooper
she's been so good to do everything that
she's done like she's so good at packing
she's so good at organizing so you get
started I'm picking your nose right now
pick it good oh right right this bigot
our dirt do you guys want to see a sneak
peek of the hundred thousand video I'm
only gonna show how much I haven't seen
any of it I've only like rendering this
is gonna take the longest like I might
have to render it overnight it's that
much but I'm just gonna show a second of
it like it's not even gonna be footage
it's just gonna be a still but that's
all you're gonna get
that's all you're gonna get is right
there and you're how to individually put
the video in each box what I'm doing it
for hours yeah it's it's a lot of work
but it'll I really hope it turns out
well so thank you guys for watching I
hope you had a wonderful day any last
words that you want to leave them Ellie
any wise workers last words cuz we're
gonna see you tomorrow huh thanks for
watching guys thanks for watching guys
we'll see you later bye
by travelpod
