we're coming home coming home tell the
world that we're coming home
good morning guys we are going home
we're going back to Utah we have a
couple we've some gels we have our
drinks we've got our music we have my
pillow yes yes snacks and we have little
Jack's about their most important
smiling her gosh she's the best most
importantly out we've got our videos -
totes I took a nap and then I woke up
and I have been watching chic easy and
by the way he gave hand
let's go on back to the game girl needs
guys I want to tell you about this these
guys are my friends from BYU isn't that
so cool my friends from BYU started a
show on BYU TV called Studio C and they
even have it on the BYU TV YouTube
channel
it is this hilarious like sketch comedy
channel and they have this new video out
all about the Hunger Games and team
Peeta if you guys are team Peeta I don't
know you should check it out though
because it's freaking hilarious I just
watched the whole thing and like I was
dying nothing well he kind of listened
to it you know he's driving but still is
bending but I think it's so cool like my
buddies from BYU have this awesome music
parody on the BYU TV YouTube channel
guys I'll have a link down below to
check it out studio see you guys will
laugh your butts off your butts will be
gone because you'll be laughing so much
I'm not kidding
my butt is gone I don't have a butt to
drive on anymore
what am I going to do what am I gonna do
we are on our way back home
we are excited we've got a full tank of
gas we are ready to rock and roll
I still have to go to the bathroom but
I'm not going to go yet I'm going to
hold them for at least eight hours oh no
we have to stop for lunch coming here
coming to California we didn't we didn't
really stop we stopped once we went to
the bathroom we didn't stop to eat we
just had snacks
I told Jared I was like we have to stop
for lunch like I'm not going to go that
long and just eat snacks so Jackson's
mentally suiting you better
he's just playing jacks late he's doing
so good Jax he's on there smiling look
at me is Maya
Jackson your kid Slammy hi
you looking through that mirror smiling
holy Hannah Montana we made it to
Mesquite Nevada we are here and Jackson
is squeezing my neck and it's killing me
holy cow it's been actually a really
good drive the traffic hasn't been too
bad
le flat a lot of the way well I don't
think Ellie's feeling all that well
she's I was like you better stop the
console I got to go to the bathroom I
got she peed in a diaper again I'm
definitely keeping that in uh but we're
stopping to get some gas and we're just
gonna get some food the salted caramel
that looks forgot to I want oh man let's
go get some food guys we only have four
hours left right not even like three
hours or 45 minutes I've been sitting
here like this kind of in a ball and
I've been keeping my eyes closed I'm not
one to really get carsick by it but but
being pregnant this whole week I've been
carsick so um on the way home it's kind
of been brutal it's been worse than like
coming home then it was going there like
I've slept most of the way and then we
just stopped and ate I just feel so
gross like I have to get home I have to
get home you need your home toilet don't
you toilet there's something about
pooping in your own toilet that you just
can't match anywhere else but so we I've
already talked about this on my channel
but come on you guys you've seen it all
with me insert poop emoji spinning down
right now you guys I've seen it all with
me but this
pregnancy I have not thrown up and I
haven't been like nauseous to the point
where I'm like gonna throw up
I'm just nauseous that my stomach hurts
and like seriously it's like I don't
feel good like I have to like use the
bathroom like all the time but and yeah
I totally don't feel good we've only got
like three and a half hours left I
called my mom I called my dad and you
know I haven't talked to him for like a
week so Jared's called his parents so
it's felt good to like say hi to our
family and I'm just gonna like keep my
eyes closed we got me a little milkshake
that made me feel good I don't know if
it was good for me but did you bring the
voice of the yard my milkshake brings
all the boys to the yard that's right
it's better than yours teach me I don't
know the words anyway I don't have
enough energy to sing so I'm just going
to sit here but I just wanted to give
you a little update we've only got 3 and
1/2 hours left and then we're gonna go
home I'm gonna put Jackson to bed we're
gonna pack and you know where it's my
word work on that video because we have
a hundred thousand subscribers and we
need to make a video and we need to say
thank you properly yeah so we just
stopped and we did our little portion
before I'm really excited for it and
jared is going to edit tonight it's
going to be a couple day project I think
but it's going to be fun to move edit
and just like honestly we've been we've
had so many fun things that oh yeah a
lot of fun things happen a lot of life
events of Oh totally so it's pretty it's
an exciting time for us right now I
think oh for sure
so yeah that's our plan oh this is kind
of a car ride blog I guess we should
just like strap the GoPro to the car and
made it like a loose look
fun I think this is what they call a
bottle episode with that a bottle
episode is where they stay in one room
and the whole episode is filmed and out
round one room it's not quite like a
one-take no not necessarily a one-take
but for example on the on community the
ta show which Dave your TV shows of all
time they're in the library and they
have one they film the whole episode in
the library and it's really one of the
think I'm really well-written episode a
bottle episode is where they film in one
location huh oh there's a bottle episode
pretty much get a bottle off the soda
will probably end in a home but yeah
yeah we made it home and I didn't give
you guys an update on Jackson Jackson
was an angel the whole ride he was such
a good boy I complained more than him
and then when we got home I put him in
bed he was so sad but he did not I think
he was just overtired or he didn't want
to be like constrained again like to a
crib but he ended up falling asleep and
hopefully we all get a good night's rest
jared is writing comments back I we
spent 10 hours in the car ID and I like
haven't done it so social media so I
find like looking at all the comments
and I'm trying to respond to as many as
I can I just have to say like you guys
are awesome like you guys are so nice
you're so kind and it just makes me feel
good going through and reading these
comments and responding so thank you
guys for leaving the awesome comments
that you do I bet they like your awesome
hair too my awesome hair is awesome
because I thought wearing a hat all days
till I awesome guys we left our house a
mess I've got my family's gonna come
help me in a few days and we're gonna
officially move but in a few days I've
got to get it packed look at all that
hamper look at all these boxes and Jared
stopped at the PA box on the way on the
way home he totally though guys I cannot
wait to read the rest of all your
letters I've been reading letters but
Christina's specifically an Lara Lauren
Lara that bought this specifically like
I appreciate a letter but this like I
didn't expect it like I was talking to
you guys about the little people how
Jackson loves those little people my mom
and dad's house thank you like
I that you just sent me your childhood
toys and then Lara sent me a bunch of
little people that was like I I don't
really know what to say like other than
thank you but I want it to be deeper
than thank you thank you I'm going to
take very very good care of them and
what you say is thank you deeper deeper
thank you thank you very much but I will
take very good care of those Jackson's
gonna love it can't wait to move into
our new place and have a little toy area
for Jackson so that is our vlog for the
day I hope it's okay we've like
seriously just like but that's our
that's our daily life this is what we're
doing we traveled ten hours and I was
sick in the car and we have boxes
everywhere look at all these boxes I
know it's just you know crazy little
boxes did I don't know that today did
you do you know the people who did the
five people on a guitar no um they're
really big youtubers I can't even
remember that's embarrassing brain fart
they have a song called little boxes and
it's really cool hmm well thank you guys
for watching hope you enjoyed the car
ride I guess with us but that's our
video for the day that's what we did I'm
heading to bed I feel much better now
that I'm out of the car
Jarrod you're gonna stay up and he's
gonna start working on the hundred
thousand video so tomorrow I I want to
get rest tonight so that I have energy
to finish packing clothes and whatnot
and I want to get oh I have so much to
do but anyway thank you guys so much for
watching we'll see you guys tomorrow
bye and cold in Utah
