good morning everyone today is Sunday
and we thought it'd be kind of fun to
take our very good friends Brian and
Missy here that's you guys that is you
right there this person right here his
name is Brian
that's Missy and that's funny only you
guys knew that though um we drove to San
Diego because one San Diego is awesome
and two my favorite temple LDS the
Mormon Church temple is in San Diego and
I just think it's gorgeous so I want to
show you right here this is the back
side of it but look at that
so we're trying something new here so
we're all walking together we're trying
to put them both in at the same time
look at all this smile you like so happy
right now Jackson's like with the he's
in my stroller what's going on you guys
are best buddies huh oh my gosh at least
if you weren't you are now we're forcing
it that is all okay I think it's
official they're best friends they are
holding hands right now that's probably
the most adorable thing I've seen all
week growing up I always had a small
picture of the San Diego temple and I
remember thinking to myself like that's
where I want to get married because it
was like it was like a castle like I was
like yeah that's I'm the king of that
castle that's kind of like what I wanted
it to be like but the picture was so
cool
because it was I'm actually going to get
the frame right here this is my favorite
right here right here down the middle
this shot right here I think is just
gorgeous
it's perfect I just think the
architecture of it all is really really
cool while Ellie and I were in New York
we got to where was it the st. John's
Cathedral is that right Ellie I thought
that was beautiful I thought that was
incredible so I mean just all this
different architecture that buildings
have I just think is amazing it's so
cool this
do you guys remember the fourth of July
do you remember the fourth of July to
that video well today with my pregnancy
this is probably the worst I felt I hope
Brian and Misty aren't sick of me
because I've been trying not to complain
that I just my stomach
Ceri be quiet my stomach is then so
upset so I was like I gotta be careful I
just take it easy it's a good thing
today we're just relaxing this beautiful
Sunday one of the things that I wanted
to do here is go to the beach something
that I always thought would be fun
growing up and something that I am
definitely gonna do with my kids is if I
had a chance to go to California but
only for a couple days I'm going to take
my kids to the beach instead of
Disneyland and I think some people may
think that's like really harsh and maybe
like the meanest mom ever but I just
think there's something about the water
and something about the ocean it's just
really intriguing to me and so you know
if I had to choose one of the other I
definitely choose the ocean but both is
really fun but I'm excited to go walk
along and go see the beach so we just
parked our car and we are at the ocean
and Ellie are you so excited I love it
there's this is like your favorite thing
in the whole entire world we're just
waiting on Brian to misy there are
looking for a parking spot because
parking is Cruiser here and I'm super
excited to go down and look at those
seals isn't that beautiful
I love it I remember the very first time
that I saw the ocean it was at the
Oregon coast and we went to bed like at
nine o'clock and I stayed up until
midnight for three hours just looking
and listening to the ocean oh I loved it
it was a like a full moon so you could
see outside with no lights on just
listening and watching it was the most
amazing thing I love me and Julie my
sister we went to Alaska on one summer
when we were kids to go to visit my aunt
she lived on a little Island called
Klawock and Alaska and she lived in this
little blue house and her patio her back
area I go and if you put your fingers in
between the wood you could feel that she
was on the ocean like you could look out
and we were on a little skipper and it
was crazy and I did the same thing
related in bed and you could just hear
the ocean I think if we ever live
somewhere other than Utah it's gonna be
next to the ocean yeah now enjoy the
Asha one of those of the mountains yeah
it's a good thing we're with Brian
Tennessee because everywhere we go eat
they know exactly where to go there's
this huge area up here full of food
shops so misty is going to navigate us
to the food place that we're gonna eat
at today how cute is this place that
we're gonna eat at it is called Cody's
and guess what we could have even
brought on our dog and they have a menu
for our dog our dogs Jared and give me a
dog well we could have brought in karma
we if we had a dog we would run when she
says our dog she means your dog yeah our
dog now karma you could have brought
karma I think we should get a dog now
that's really fancy I'm anxious to see
how the food is I got the fish and chips
because I thought the fish and chips
would be good because it's local so
that's what I got you got a I got a
burger with some sauce and stuff on
and what did it have on it what sauce
onion jam onion jam I had onion jam and
I said don't add toe jam today what the
heck
so I know it's cause I got a burger as
well chicken burger and you got fish and
chips and all I got a little Detroit
idea
Oh quesadilla and I am giving Jackson
his very fresh French for hi and he
likes it he likes it yeah he likes his
first french fry well we had to put our
patient pants on for a little bit so we
could get our bellies full but now we
are at like just what does have it is
now what we were seeing touch our
patient pants because we are ready to go
see the seals but then our bellies are
so hungry so we had to eat food now
we're at the park we're ready to see
these seals you know older couple just
walked by and the older couple goes wait
wait wait wait let me look at that guy
and so we stopped and Jackson was just
smiling out the whole time he goes he
knows our grandpa with everyone yes you
do
yes you do I love these new binky's cuz
you can see his mouth smile
well someone sent him to us it has his
name on it that's all laughing I think
it's kind of cute I love it
I like pinkies on babies Ellie are you
ready to see this this is like your
second favorite animal in the world
no I don't think it is oh it's not maybe
I'm wrong but we could say that so what
is this call Seal Beach oh we're at Seal
Beach and then alright is it cold enough
to have this rope here to kind of keep
everyone in a certain area but look at
all those shoes
this is Seal Beach and this is where the
seals come it's a cute little Cove do
you think the seals know that they call
it Seal Beach and that's why they come
here yeah I should get so fun their
seals like over in the little water and
they come into it but I'll pee there's
any more out there right now this is
your first time do you like seeing the
seals at one point Jackson was a little
baby seal remember when he would
haha Jack that's how we would get around
hey can you guys see that seal it out
you just come out of the water
hahaha oh my gosh she thinks he did a
maxim photo shoot
he's like loving it like the ocean dogs
it's so true very bigoted oh my gosh hey
I hear you like Jackson when he was just
a few months ago I feel like this one's
dying me look he's totally looking right
at me
hi gonna feel saying that there's tons
of water on the ground here makes me
think that a wave is gonna splash us and
get us all wet so I bet you I hope
you're ready
Jerrica
suggested he bet he kind of is like what
do you think buddy what he's writing oh
maybe he doesn't like it
Ryan hop on the ledge and say I'm the
king of the world
every night in my dreams
that was enough salty over here yeah
maybe that's why there's someone
standing over there yeah cuz it's all
well as we are sitting here looking at
skills down here I am reminded of a
reoccurring dream that I have quite
often I have dreams that I am breathing
in water but I have to breathe really
slow because if I breathe then it will
just choke on the water so in my dream I
have to breathe like like really hello I
do you blow air bubble out you suck the
air bubble back in yeah oh yeah like I
like I'm knocked up like it's so weird
but I had that drink quite often
actually got breathing in the water kind
of weird like a mermaid
you're you you see a mermaid maybe maybe
when I die the next life and my headache
yeah so we just walked down into la
jolla cove and it's really cool because
you see everything is right here it's so
beautiful but the first thing that I
notice we want down here we saw all
these names carved in the first name
that I saw was E and J squared le Jared
in Jackson
what did you guys do that you're going
to do that please let me know if you did
because that's amazing what a coincident
that's so cool
this seal is just hanging out like he's
one of the rest of us it's really cool
he's she's hanging up here look at him
he's even the guy sitting right next to
him how's the water Ellie
so good this is so fun
I should have worn shorts I should have
brought another pair so I would just
like walk tall on it so I had to take
off my pants but don't worry I have a
blanket on because we were at the beach
in the water was going up really high
and like soaked my pants we had such a
fun day with Brian and Missy but my
cousin invited us over for dinner and so
we are going over to his house right now
for dinner and usually sundays we do a
one-take but I think just because we are
doing some fun things today I decided
that we would take you guys along but
before I end the vlog I hope that my
friend doesn't care but I'm going to
read a little bit of a text that she
sent me and she is a really really good
friend of mine and it just reminded me
to again once appreciate everybody but
she was saying congratulations on
hearing the heartbeat and she said that
sometimes it's hard to watch our vlogs
because awesome things are happening to
us but she said but I have to remind
myself that awesome things are happening
to me right now they have struggled for
a long long time about I'm trying to
have a kid but the reason why I'm even
showing this is because a lot of good
things our life has come
we turned around in the past year and a
half since we started vlogging our whole
lives we've done a 180 we didn't know
what we were doing with our life where
we college didn't really work out
schools didn't really work out jobs
weren't working out babies were working
out
we started YouTube and everything
flipped and it's been the biggest
blessing and I just wanted to say thank
you because I know a lot of our viewers
are mommies I know a lot of our viewers
have lost a child or are trying to
conceive and I just once you've
struggled that you will always struggle
like in your mind you I will always have
that feeling when we struggled and you
will never lose it and I'm just grateful
and I just wanted to remind you all the
high note I know how a lot of you feel
and I'm really grateful for the support
a lot of times
the greatest blessings that we have come
from the hardest trials that we go
through and I feel like that's
definitely true in our situation and I
know like you just said a lot of our
viewers are struggling right now and I
just don't want people to ever lose hope
because the like Batman or the
commitment was was that like two phases
in Batman it's always darkest before the
dawn things will look up and I like I
said I don't want we will never forget
that we will ever forget that feeling
and we are grateful to those who support
us all of the time so thank you guys
yeah because sometimes it's hard to stay
positive but thank you guys you got
motivational Steve always easy to stay
positive
it is possible it's possible hey guys
we'll see you tomorrow bye
member
