hello hello and good morning good
morning to you Ellie good morning oh
that's a wet floor Missy is mopping oh
darn it I was gonna walk over and she'll
be careful yeah careful careful
I was up until 4:00 in the morning
carving this pumpkin and I know it's
like a day late but I just have a lot of
fun carving pumpkins so I wanted to take
the time I wanted to take my time and
carve this pumpkin and I know it's like
it's already a day passed so it doesn't
look as good so I'm gonna have a picture
inserted here below but I want to show
you this is the pumpkin that I took and
I carved it and I kind of actually what
I did is I did lots of prep
I had a pattern that I used that I made
you know pen pinned it all out and then
I started carving and what I would do is
when I was like you're going for like
really really detailed stuff I would
light a candle under it and look at it
and then make adjustments and I would
take a picture and be like oh that's the
one I want or I want to change this so
one time I was adjusting it after I got
a really good picture cuz I wanted to
make just one small more adjustment I
totally like ruin his mouth so I'm
pretty bummed but I got a really good
picture and like I said I'm gonna have
show a picture right now of what it is
so tell me what you guys think does it
look like well who do you think it is I
think it's pretty obvious but I think
it's a pretty cool picture and I don't
know I just really like carving pumpkins
and I thought it was a lot of fun so let
me know what you guys think down below
hey guys I am just on my way in to go
get Jackson up from his nap but I had to
share with you guys so Jackson has
always been a fairly good sleeper he's
been teething a lot lately so I can
always expect him to wake up once and
the night and I used to feed him a
bottle because that was like the way of
getting him to bed but he's been kind of
making a habit of it so I've been trying
to just go in put the blanket over and
lay him down tell him to go back to bed
and it's been it's been working but
Oliver has a little sound machine in his
room and Oliver is a great sleeper but
since we've been here
you know it's new noises people shut the
door you know and the doors are harder
or louder than our place and so Jax has
been waking up really early from his
naps and he's been really kind of cranky
and so I was like we should just like so
we got our iPad and we turned on like
the womb sound where it's just like wash
and I put it in his room um last night
he slept all night and his nap he took a
three-hour nap
he usually takes a hour maybe an hour
and a half now and anyway he slept for
three hours I'm so proud of him but I
think that that helped because it kind
of just drained out all the noise that
we were making
he's a weight hi
what's it yeah I'm so proud of you
three hours oh I just show how cute you
are sure I'll get you why this is
probably the coolest thing ever
Missy has her own Doppler 4 so we're
gonna try it out and we're gonna see if
we can find the harpy now I want you
disclaimer if we don't hear the
heartbeat that's totally fine and
probably totally normal because she's
only nine weeks along and we are no
doctors here we're gonna try it if it
doesn't work no one freak out it's okay
yeah this is gonna be awesome if we can
hear but if not totally fun to try
though right yeah what I'm gonna do is
we get back from California and then we
only have like a few days and then we
move and so once I move I'm gonna set up
an appointment with another doctor
there yeah
114 it says oh my gosh wait let me get a
little closer now the number 1 here is
sometimes really weird it'll go up to
like 150 yeah I have a bigger sense of
peace now cuz I really haven't heard
anything for weeks
yeah that's got to be paranoid torture
and that was only a hundred like the
heartbeat was on her Esther but see how
like we heard it and now you oh yeah
can't hear anything it's so easy to
freak yourself out oh you know you'll be
you'll be here and they took note of
times like 30 minutes to find a
heartbeat oh but we totally yeah we
heard it but Oh Jared hey hey man what
do you think about all this huh that's
cool I'm just so excited I did
can I try it
that's yours
you push hard
that's our baby's heartbeat
that's cool good job that's awesome
ability that's art be nice Marty I think
it feels ten times more real now yeah
cuz I haven't heard it and like for so
long and it was five weeks yep
it's as big as a grape I think now it
was cool to again I always knew where he
was I could find it immediately it was
1:30 wow I think she's a lot stronger
now
yeah there it is Wow that is so awesome
worth the trip we don't need no stinking
doctors we got Missy she's nice to all
my stupid too so I have been doing baby
updates on my channel so I think my last
update was an 8 week update and I was
closer to 9 weeks and it is on my
channel right now I'll have Jared make
sure my channels down below if you guys
haven't seen it but because we're in
California we're gonna get home we're
gonna move I my next update is going to
be at 10 weeks what are you doing do you
guys do you ever do that do over time
smiling end up next Cheerilee oh my gosh
we're just waiting for Austin I'm ready
to come over we are gonna have dinner
with them we're just hanging out and
Jared has been like using all he is a
toy I'm done Jared I'm focusing its
focus okay is this our camera yes okay
okay
we just are barricading the stairs off
because Jackson and steak we have a
little gate right here for Jackson but
he climbs up these four stairs doesn't
know how to get down and I have to like
keep my eyes on him like a hawk because
then he slips in there's Thailand you
know that's not a good ending so anyway
we got this gate up to barricade um and
the boys have all the toys and the world
to play with and you don't you won't
stop playing with the town
he's playing with the tail and Ollie's
toys so oh never mind
there you go good boy you're still we
tweet you boys you who's first
well looks like Jack's in the first
place you let go of the controller Ollie
come on come on come on hurry they
literally are these two are just like
we're having just as much fun as you
guys we're all just kind of playing
Mario Kart here racing away Jarrod keeps
thinking he finishes but he's not I
sometimes forget to finish the race in
the middle of the race I'm done he's
loving it look hi Oh
ready we put them on it
you don't want to say he just stood true
a biker I love it then take that
you guys we have Austin here but anyway
I just have to show the kids real quick
because you guys are pricing of seeing
us Brian's over here like slaving away I
felt bad cute they really are all just
playing it's just so cute to see but
Brian's getting dinner and Missy's
gotten all of these treats but I think
I'm just gonna go ahead and hang out
with everybody now I just have to show
you guys how cute the kids are playing
so this is what's going down we're
having a party tonight we've got chicken
all the we've got green me
we've got shrimp we've got pasta and
we've got some sweets here guys I am so
excited to be here with Austin and Brit
and Missy and Brian and the kids and
most of all Jackson well I mean Ellie
Ellie sorry sorry I don't mean that you
know I think Austin thinks he's good at
dancing but we're about to throw it down
we're playing just dance right now I
know I'm not gonna be good just dance
oh there we go buddy
Ollie is loving this
holy cow I totally underestimated
Austin's dancing abilities I'm out of
breath he kicked my butt well Austin and
Brittany left but the party continues on
Ellie and Missy are tearing it up on the
dance floor right now oh man good job
good job
deal Annie you guys are awesome dancers
and hello don't work out when you need
pregnant just dance just dance hey guys
we had a lot of fun tonight especially
with Brittany and Austin and all the
little kids it was so fun to see all of
the kids playing Jackson is for sure
gonna be just fine when a sibling comes
thank you guys so much for watching if
you guys didn't see Bryan and Missy's
Halloween special it was really fun we
got to be a part of it so we'll make
sure to have Bryan and Missy's channel
down below and of course Austin and
Brittany's down below so you guys can
just check them out and see how cool all
their fun stuff is but we're gonna go
ahead and say good night and we're gonna
see you guys tomorrow
peace out
