happy Halloween guys
it is Jackson's first Halloween and I'm
so excited actually you guys should be
excited that we are not spending
Halloween by ourselves because I'm just
a little I don't know I like Halloween
but I'm just not is I guess I'm not as
like festive fun I don't know but Missy
is going to make it so fun and already
is fun we've got a cake pop kit that
we're going to make we're going to make
some orange rice krispie treats today
we're going to carve some pumpkins and
after we eat lunch we are all gonna do
our makeup and we are gonna get our
costumes on and we are going to get
ready for Halloween
I don't normally wear makeup except on
Halloween that's my one exception to
wear makeup
I don't you guys guess what we're gonna
be for Halloween leave in the comments
below I know some of you guys guessed
but no one has guessed right so far oh
no I think so good strike oh really
yeah I saw commented oh I haven't seen
any so leave your guesses right now
right now I know if you're cheating guys
I know you are okay I just walked right
now and leave comment down I don't
normally wear makeup but when I do I'm a
scary monster this is the start of
getting our Halloween on I am in charge
I guess love is nice makeup and Missy's
in charge of my makeup which I'm
actually really excited for today and I
don't know where to go with mine don't
be better
Missy's very creative and I'm just
simple that's kind of how I hope you
find me more tea simple so okay I'm not
going to simple how'd she want to do
that
I'm good okay well we're gonna get
started and we'll show you what the end
results look like oh my Brian just
brought me in my uh Pat a package and
it's a letter to be a less healthy fancy
that
miss you're learning I see
congratulations guys look and I look
pretty for it too you do we got Missy's
makeup done we won't show you the
finished product until we're really
really all done because all of us got to
get ready we got to get the time roll
and we're run running late on time
beautiful look at those eyelashes yeah
we put some fake eyelash sorry
so I with my costume I tried to select
my hair back as much as possible I
haven't like showered or anything today
cuz we're gonna get like all decked out
and everything but it's kind of a fail
but let's go check out and see what
Missy and Ellie are up to yeah are you
girls decent can I come in okay so Missy
is getting her hair braided what's good
everything fun and yet I think the
braids might give it away okay Ellie
will definitely give it away I show her
but you got to see this costume are you
ready for this you look awesome look at
your costume that's awesome and you kind
of make me think good well I just think
if you can get a deeper that'd be
awesome
but if it's if that's all it's doing
this like a block under here make it as
wicked as possible I don't think I can
you look good no matter what though I'm
not my girlfriend I'm on a lot of time
schedule now but yeah we are gonna carve
pumpkins we are gonna have
trick-or-treaters and it's gonna be an
awesome night does this kind of give it
away this is the first application Wow
what do you think oh pretty good yeah
it's really cool I like the Hat Thanks
it's dry yeah I'm waiting for my face to
dry so I can do another coat cuz I I'm
the Silver Surfer yes yeah where's the
surfboard
it's on its way actually okay because
it's coming from a different galaxy mom
so Amazon was a little bit slower yeah
right yeah Ellie you look really good
still and can we show my show
okay okay okay little sneak peek we
can't see ya
holy cow look at her makeup and hair
isn't she awesome she's just to do like
the twirls on the bottom there I'm not
quite done yet but I have my costume
actually on and we're gonna go
downstairs and get Jackson to see what
his reflection is to us watch is that
he's in the car he's in the car oh he's
running away
hi buddy I see you stopped in his Jax
oh hi buddy mom give me your outfit on
come here
he's just staring yeah he's just looking
at us like what hey those voices sound
familiar
I don't want to be sad sunshine be like
oh I'd like so he's not by my happy
which we happy he won't look at me hi
Betty okay we'll get his costume on
Brian
don't look at my hungry bum I know it's
bad do you know what hungry bum is my
bum is hungry right now
I am already I just need to get my hat
on and look at Jackson little lion you
Jackson out putting things in your mouth
don't be a sad lion don't be sad you
happy now when the camera turns on then
he's happy to start all dairy there's a
little whimper look at my little lion
guys it's gonna get lion Izzy crawls you
like my little cat we can't forget ollie
look how cute he is
that's your little friend Jackson is
walking with this toy I think that's the
first time he's like done it with what I
like something to walk with he walks on
furniture but to actually push something
on walk with it
keep going oh how cute look at him go
so we're filming for the daily bums
Halloween special you are the Wicked
Witch it's kind of behind the scenes
that things are dramatic kids are crying
you know what to tell you each other be
quiet
this is what Jared has to do as you said
Stan because this costume let me see
your bun have you showed your bun yet my
mom is very ready yeah take a seat Oh
oh my gosh who's in my bums yeah yeah
let's see one in slow motion I've never
heard that term before
hungry bum okay take ticket see this is
how jared has to sit I love it I love it
guys the pizza is going to be here in
two hours
we've got our little munchkin and you
just eat in and his hairs off too and
done you've got our little lion
I took his little hoodie and pushed it
down cuz I I think it was kind of
bugging them in la jolla oh you're on
all I'm sure you need your oil I'm sure
you need your oil
help me help I can't get up okay we're
gonna take the boys out maybe just for a
little bit and just give them a little
taste of what trick-or-treating and
Halloween is like so let's head on out
if trick-or-treaters come dreads in
charge of the candy he can't move so
that means all the Candy's ours because
he can't past trick-or-treating candy
out humid emily has not
there are many minutes oh okay
put put the other pieces on them Brian I
like what I see I like what I see what
what can we do that's good no work just
do the Halloween twerk well just do a
little me doing my dad well not like
that
delete that footage she done slow-mo
that footage my little lion already
knows what to do
you got a Twix you got the whole box to
yourself I think he definitely takes
after his mother
I know but he knows what to do on
Halloween isn't that great that's so
cute I just I just I just okay let's put
that back for the trick-or-treaters
yeah good look at him he's just okay
take one more okay ah done am i shining
right now like Edward :
am i glowing right now just a little bit
we are taking the whole family
trick-or-treating right now all he has a
 door how much handy do you have
right now oh we gotta carry on
very nice expensing amber in there holy
cow he got a cameras what we like what
house is that we need to go there a
couple more times I know right I think
this is awesome where there's a little
lion in his den his first Halloween
Jackson's first Halloween house special
you know my pan is ready to rock and
roll just fun he's here for the
experience yeah yeah he's here to walk
around the neighborhood and see exactly
what's going on so I think this is
pretty cool it's Jackson's very first
Halloween and I know he doesn't really
like understand anything yet but it's
still pretty cool to take him out fun to
have a kid now yeah
kinda like do things with our child like
Disneyland it was fun to be like i'm
taking my child oh that will that we
actually talked about that and I said
was like I've never gone to Disneyland
but I'm now I'm going and I'm taking my
boy yeah by the first day we take him
anywhere
yeah it's a really cool experience and I
can't wait for all of the new
experiences that we have only is so
tired if he's laying back and not
holding the stroller that obviously
means he's really tired so we're holding
up traffic here really tired he's a cute
little lion yes he is make sure we have
two kids Oh two kids on Halloween what
what some good costume ideas we're gonna
have to this year was fun but next year
we're gonna have to vamp it up we ran
into some people that actually watch our
videos say your name again Jessica
Jessica and ELISA and what are you guys
for Halloween um I'm so I was just a
creepy doll but everyone says I look
like Annabelle oh wow and sugar Oh your
sister did a video on that right yeah
yeah that's cool it's so good running
into you guys what a small world that's
so funny well happy Halloween
you see you guys later Oliver has been
trying to walk into people's houses as
we go there so look we're gonna see if
the Oliver will walk into the house he's
going right into your house come on
we're going to take the doll you're try
and jump in the yeah you just walk into
there he's like what is mom we are back
in the house and we are getting the kids
ready for bed
so the real party can begin and when I
say real party you know what that means
pumpkin carving you know that's right
you know that's right you know that's
right I actually love your hair like
that I I want can I tell you real quick
well my teeth looks so yellow when I'm
doing this so I'm sorry it's not true
well versed stuff yeah um my teeth with
red lipstick actually I think looks
white it looks super white ding we are
making some Halloween delectable
delights
right now pour it in there okay did it
move oh my god wait wait wait what oh my
goodness the color the orange shoot
throws little barnacles put hand right
it's not a little green where is it
fine look through the cupboards is he
ever there Oh me and Missy had been not
did we've been discussing how you cook
rice krispie treats I mean this you do
it a hundred percent completely they
come from Louie so I'm like I think I
might work
oh I dropped it okay this is gonna take
a little bit of math because we do not
have orange we have red in yo seven
drops or you wait what colors you have
orange and yellow and yeah or red and
yellow get ready what cars do you want
okay we can wait a second
okay second what colors are you trying
to do orange so red and yellow ready yo
yeah you just at all just do one of each
what you to disperse it now do three
yellow one two three mix it mix mix mix
after much chemistry and measurements
very very precise measurements paint
grace Christmas Happy Easter
happy Valentine's Day I think it works
so I think it's better than nothing you
know I'm gonna call that success good
job Kelly
good job guys good work team high five
we finally got our rice krispies done
don't they look good they actually do
have a really pretty like orange tint to
it now so our rice krispies are done
Brian's working Missy and I are getting
ready to just sit down relax and watch
some Halloween shows and Jared look look
at those fancy oats not as fancy as I
saw over there but it's so fancy it's
this huge case that we got and Jared is
going to start his pumpkin which means
it's it's gonna be a tough one like he's
going to be up probably for hours and
hours and hours so oh yeah when you when
he does ones that look like this he's up
all night I I hope it turns out if it
doesn't turn on
I'm gonna show it yes you will I'll have
him show you but I feet because of that
all like import the footage it all just
kind of like puts put together the blog
so it may not be as fancy is when Jerrod
does it but I'm excited for you guys to
see this is like a big deal for you
like you sitting down the card I usually
take a couple days to carve it oh yeah
yeah Dave yeah have you seen his other
one I didn't realize it was like the one
I spent the most time on was the best
one it was a picture of me and serve me
a couple days ago
don't answer it always editing I ha ha
ha ha I don't know how to do that sorry
you won't get it you won't get a picture
there so I hope these new tools work out
we are gonna watch hocus-pocus and
Jarrod is going to watch with that on
yeah but he's going hand on his son Kim
I think I'm gonna go ahead and end the
vlog Jackson's first Halloween we made
this trip specifically for Halloween we
thought it would be fun to get together
to dress up to have Jackson's first
Halloween here it would be something fun
for us all to do tomorrow are we gonna
go what am i doing
are we going to look at that house are
you guys good oh yeah we're gonna go
look at a house to rent um yeah okay
guys um thank you so so much for
watching
I'm kinda sad to say goodbye but we will
see you tomorrow bye
