jaren le you guys just hit a hundred
thousand subscribers what are you going
to do next
we're going to Disneyland
you got all righty other people got this
swag okay okay Jackson are you ready to
go on your first adventure we're going
into monsters in look at that whole
tower that's awesome there we go a child
is on the loose in Monstropolis here we
go get you home race you to the scare
floor
young lady in the third row hahaha
that's awesome please she's wearin ears
haha
what'd you think buddy the mommy is
heaven and the boys we are going to a
bugs land and we are going to take the
kids on a little ride and Jared and
Bryan are going on the Tower of Terror
and I'm really jealous because that is
such a fun one but they'll have fun
together we'll go on a nice simple ride
with the kids and for my little belly so
something really small this is that what
we're going on you can do that one
that's cool if we could go on Ellen
let's go on that one
okay boys hands to yourself inside the
ride we are on the bug's life ride and
it goes up and it kind of swings you
just a little bit so I'm anxious to see
how Jackson likes this right and go I
never going up you're on the train you
can check it dipper you throw your hands
up in the air and wave up just like you
just don't care hi guys Jackson just
popped another to take a look dude the
dude this is oh my god my right James
oh you're so cute
boom
why do we have the Kiva's baby well I'm
so I'm sorry sorry Holly
Oh your baby's normal dat look at him
look at you and smile
are you loving it here we go
look who it is
it's woody woody ah I love Toy Story
that whole series is so great they did
such a good job kicks are so awesome
don't you think Ellie
oh yeah it's one of my favorite Disney
movies is Toy Story yeah do you guys
want to know a tip to do when you're
pregnant with your pants if your pants
are too small it's not the it's not what
you think it is it's not the elastic
that you put in between the whole front
of your pants and the button that's not
that it's you just don't button your
pants at all and you are an extra-long
tank top to cover your bumps that's how
you do it you're not a hairband at all
you just leave them in so what if you're
not pregnant and you just don't want to
find your pants wear extra-long tank top
just wear a long shirt yeah no one will
ever know check this out guys I'm not
sure if it'll show up on camera but we
got a scene from Toy Story here and
they're about to flick the lights off
so you can like see the sea I know the
lights flickering like crazy but you can
actually see the scene that they're
doing it's incredible it's so cool this
is our California meet up with Brian and
I am south side and we are just heading
towards the middle of the area and look
there's already a group of people
gathered there oh my gosh this is so fun
every time we do one of these every time
it like it's like it reminds eyes you up
yeah it does it told us
so anyway we're starting here we go
here's how you taught me to hurt here's
a California meetup Jackson is one the
selfies to the girls are taking pictures
and Jax was like what about me what
about me
hey guys wrote our meetup security
doesn't like this and you have cited to
see everyone I don't know what I'm
talking about right here it's so funny
don't know I don't know but we are gonna
have to like hug everyone and I don't
know but really bigger I mean everyone
right here
Jared's jealous of those guys beard look
at that are you gonna do it like I'm
jealous we're getting our pictures taken
Security's kicking us out in Pitt
roeser's oh it froze oh it's not enough
slow so we're trying to pray and hug
everyone because I suck they're gonna
kick everyone out I love you aliens so
nice to meet you I'm outta here
hi doin high-five comfort we're all
taking the hug because we have to end
our little meet up a little short we've
all been able to say hi to everyone so
that's our meet up five that's our
little Californian meet up there was
actually a lot of people and I'm really
sad that they kind of had to cut it
short but I feel like I was able to like
say hi to everyone and give us a hug
seriously it was so fun
guys this is so bad
this is so bad we have some bad news I'm
so sad
we had our meet up and security came
over twice they had they like we're
legit like these people they said you
guys got to split it up so we hurried
and gave everyone hugs right goodbye
goodbye and then of course you know our
time comes and more people coming warm
say hi we want to make sure everybody
distributed and was saying hi and then
send macaroni and you security came over
again and said really we're gonna kick
you out so we had to end us so I'm
really sad I'm sorry if we didn't get to
say hi I'm really sorry that we had to
cut it short cuz that's not as fun and
that's not as personal but it was nice
to meet you all and it was nice to give
it to give everybody hugs
oh my goodness it's Pluto guys Oh Pluto
is the best look at that Oh Oh mer
deciding we're in the middle of a jungle
we're about to embark on an outrageous
adventure
I will hold on right here are we going
think how much no we're holding on right
here but back to what I was saying we're
in the middle of the deep look at the
jungle dude you can kind of hear like a
helicopter
and mommies that's an interesting
combination the jungle in fifties music
and helicopters anyway we're gonna go
seek out some treasure
are you ready we're gonna go get some
treasure I really kind of feel sick to
my stomach about this whole situation
like I I feel terrible I feel so bad we
when we had the meetup today security
after about 45 minutes like kicked us
out like we got there a little early
because we saw some people there we
wanted to make sure we saw as many
people as we could our plan was outsider
to different um our plan was meeting at
4:00 and we got done a little bit early
with what we're doing so we thought
people are waiting we want to try and
see everyone so let's just go and see
the people that are waiting so that's
why we were actually able to be like I
would say at least 50 probably about 50
people yeah we met about 50 people had a
really good time and then security like
they caught on real quick what we were
doing just there was a bunch of people
come created in one spot and they didn't
like that they came up to us and was
like hey nice yeah really nice they said
hey you guys whatever you're doing yeah
you need to disperse and go about your
day we're like hey well you know we're
doing a meet-up is it okay if we just
basically say goodbye to all these
people like say hello real quick and
then we'll go about our day and they're
said yeah so we did that for a little
bit and then they said okay you guys are
kind of taking your sweet time sorry
you've got to go now like you have to
leave and then they followed us for a
while but
but I felt really bad because I know
there are so many people who traveled a
long way and I know what that feels like
and so like I want to apologize because
it's not fun it really isn't fun what
was fun was meeting all the people that
we really that we did and I'm so
grateful that we got to meet the people
that we did but my heart like goes out
to the people who we didn't get to me
like I am so sorry I feel terrible with
that being said we definitely are not
professionals by any means we're just
learning all of this stuff so this is
still new to us and we're really sorry
and the people that did come and so far
from what I've seen like on Twitter the
people that were going to come and the
people that did come have been very
understanding and I really appreciate
that I do for them so that is our day
that was such a good day at Disneyland
so today was my very first day at
Disneyland it was my very first time and
like it was magical it was a lot of fun
I had a really great time and all I can
think of like if I were a kid again like
if I and I feel like I'm just saying a
kid in a grown person's body but like if
I were a kid Disneyland would be like
the best it was so much fun so we had
such a good time I hope you guys had a
fun time watching it was so awesome I'm
excited for Jackson's very first
Halloween tomorrow and then guess what I
have met Austin but I have not met
Brittany Nolan person yet and I'm so
see that this weekend as well and then
we are going to go home and move up our
place so thank you guys for watching
we'll see you guys tomorrow bye
