guys you will not believe what we just
woke up to this morning
it is mind-blowing I never le you
probably I don't think you did I don't
know I realize that this would happen I
was like that's I don't know I just
think if you have one subscriber one
view like that's successful like someone
found you someone liked it but one but
100,000 100,000 I just feel very less
less and I feel very and Karma's back
here trying to get Genoa but this
morning 100 we have had 100,000 everyone
was tweeting us comments it was thank
you because real of you guys we are able
to to continue to do this every day
I mean Jared night we've from day one we
started because you wanted to share our
story and then just now
I watched Brian and Missy and ours video
that we did yesterday at the zoo and
stuff and I just sat there and i thought
this is why we do it everyday is like
all this memory capture jackson can grow
up and see it's amazing like I love the
little home videos we have of me and
it's so fun I am so grateful I feel so
blessed I feel like this is such a
really cool opportunity and this is just
like another stepping stone into this
great adventure that we call life like I
think it is so cool and like honestly
it's because of you guys we have you
guys to thank for letting us do this you
know that we didn't watch if you didn't
like us if you didn't subscribe then
then yeah when would you hell but like I
would be able to do all of the things
that we want to do oh cool so there's so
many people that we have to think about
it I mean so many of our youtuber
friends that are doing it with us Brian
and Missy Austin and Brittany Sam and
Jenica Jenny Wagner April from heroine
Davies Allen and Katie yeah there are so
many people out there yeah we have to
thank Josh dynasty like all of our
friends that we've met through that it's
dykes fam it's not just like sorry Josh
I meant the whole family but you know
like and I
don't know I don't want to miss anyone
but like all of our friends we've met
through YouTube all of our friends and
viewers that we've met that we've met up
with you guys this is huge like you
can't wait for what's to come either
like this is just it's I inside this
this is the I feel like like a dream
come true it is so cool that we can do
this that Jackson has so much memories
to look back on that we can capture
these memories like you never are
guaranteed tomorrow and like I would be
so sad if I didn't have all these
memories or something ever happened like
this is just so amazing for my family to
have you know what what I'm grateful
that I'm doing it with you well I think
we are a good team good we have a good
teamwork I think so it's maybe a Jerrod
girl closer together it has we work
together Ellie helped me set this up
Ellie do this I'll get the lights Jared
do this Jared help me learn how to edit
Jared do this we work together it's
someone commented today love it I said
Ellie you've changed but in a good way
you're you're more soft-spoken you're
more you're able to talk more I don't I
remember the whole Ellie's really good
at this because when I worked at my job
I didn't have the I didn't vlog all day
elieve logged all day and she's so good
at now and it's really cool to see those
changes that she's had I feel really
cool that we're developing new talents
and we're reaching out and doing totally
different things that we'd never do
before this is just the beginning guys
stay tuned for our thank you video
that's coming out soon you guys
participated you made this is your video
thank you guys so much and enjoy the
vlog yeah
hahahaha give me Herman oh oh
ready one two good catch
so you know how yesterday I was going
crazy about free words well guess what
like there's fifty comments on the vlog
doily there's some in Utah is there
prettier than you guys yeah I had no
idea I think that they just made a
Freebirds in Sandy Utah so I have no
idea about it but hey at least my first
one was in California right but we got
Jersey Mike's today I guess it's kind of
a little bit like Jimmy John oh yeah
kind of rap like it but I'm really
excited I love Jimmy John's but I always
get a headache after I eat there I don't
know why I don't know if it's red yeah
from eating Jimmy John's me Jared always
get headaches but anyway this is what I
got just a nice little Club looks really
yummy
we're bust now we go upstairs yeah but
hey we're go get your cheese powder
adults making you or whatever what we
can get two kinds of chips Ellie okay we
got these from our community bucket that
Brian already had about 4s well it was
like a yeah basket go get the cheese
chips and then I'll be happy thank you
thank you Oh sweetie
he learned that from you all yeah these
boys it is so fun to help our boys in
there working and us little mommies
we're just sitting here watching our
boys play it's so fun Jackson just
rolled the horse and he loves it always
been watching Jackson and no tears they
are very good friends they're playing
always been trying to share his food
with Jackson it's just fun fun Jackson
seeing all sorts of new toys and phones
yeah okay whoever bashes the head first
Jackson's like Jackson
oh look at his hand just riding it you
just write in well now it's official now
you can be best friends
very showing our boys Jared Lee Jackson
is so happy he has a smile ear to ear
he's like I get the horn Aniston I
always pull out yo yo yo I'm vlogging on
J monies camera hi guys how are you
we're headed to target and then Best Buy
that's where we place in the world is
Best Buy where you can buy all the best
things and be your best person yeah it's
really sunny out it's like almost 90
degrees 90 degrees this is crazy we just
came from a place and it was 32 degrees
even really at 3 in the morning it was
it was 32 degrees like there's there's a
huge difference of temperature and this
is crazy
my body doesn't know how to react I
don't know what to do with my hands put
them on the wheel that's nothing I
appreciate that
yeah it's pretty hot but we don't have
too much time to go swimming cuz we're
gonna actually just gonna run some
errands and then we're going to Knott's
Scary farms also it smells like a fart
in here because they left
beef jerky we're going to the store
because we have a huge meet up tomorrow
huge by the time a ginormous meet up I
have the time they see this we might be
what having our meet up at that same
time - it's true
oh my goodness 100% true and actually we
just filmed a little clip with an update
about the meetup so if you guys want to
watch that we'll have a link to below so
if you're planning on going please watch
it it's important it's very important
information
here's
shot of Jackson in his car seat hey
buddy hey I was gone I don't have a
voice for Jackson no I'm really talk for
jak caller has a voice you need a voice
for Jackson I need to have a voice with
Jackson should be like a higher voice or
should be like a deeper voice it kind of
should be like a high excited voice like
hey days no it's a little lower than
that
Jackson's a little thug I think you
might be like ooh yo what is wanted in
Jack's money what it is here's what it
is it is what I can't really talk like
that that's not really like I don't know
I need to come up with something I need
to channel my inner impersonator there
are some sexy mamacita's in the Prius in
front of us I see some oh wait did she
just flip us off I think she just
flashed us
yeah
I dunno hey guys we are at Knott's Scary
Farm we are at this row that distance re
I try not to get too scared here people
and the eyes were huge knots very far
huge and music heart cute rides
activities laser tag so it's going to be
fun to kind of hang out I'm sure
everyone's gonna go do a lot of fun
things and I am just we're gonna duel on
zombie laser time I'm going to observe
on a lot of the themes but I'm really
excited to be here with everyone and to
see what everyone does and it's going to
be really scary I guess so you going to
scary things then I'll just kind of sit
on the sidelines and kinda hang out so
we just walked in and there's tons of
people and tons of huge awesome rides
and so woo whoa did you see that
that was crazy this is good tiding I'm
excited okay here we go we got in the
Honda so we just went through our first
mountain house what did you think it was
about it was not badly not gonna go
through any other
that's what about that you're playing it
safe yeah something on your plane
here we go this is we're gonna go I got
in trouble no Phil what's that Oh so
while we're on the ride we were going up
and I pulled out the camera started
filming and they actually had to stop
the ride in the middle of it and they
took the camera away so cool I know
right
they almost kicked me off like they were
like we told you - yeah this is like oh
oh and then they literally almost hated
it
yeah they made like they were they
unbuckle my seat and the guy was like
let me make a phone call real quick
literally got on the phone and talked
with the supervisor and they were
arguing for what like three minutes are
they for real yeah that was it was so
crazy so I didn't get any footage of
I should have seen him like he thought
he was flying his farm Friday like I
loved it it was my favorite I hope my
arms are open it's honestly the best
thing in the world I love that do you
feel that hey hey you say he'll hear you
what if they'd shut us down we got to
give the people what day one
go back to my office a look at porn
hamed sometimes you just have to let it
out that don't you say it go
it's our job to give em what they want
through the best of our abilities so let
it flow let it flow it's time for the
blood to flow let it flow let it flow
one by one to go okay look him check out
my huge ass I've got on yay I didn't
kill to everybody stand up you up there
stand up I can't so that was pretty
crazy does a very fun night yeah I'm
done
hey guys listen so tomorrow we have a
meetup at Disneyland four o'clock right
outside of Disneyland like right by the
compass area
um yeah we'll have everything listen
down below I'm really excited to meet
all of you guys
you've never been this is my first time
going to Disneyland so I'm super excited
we're really good day but as always
thanks guys for watching and see you
guys tomorrow
at Disneyland yeah first time at the
happiest place ever happiest place on
earth
by
