California California here we kind of
singing right yeah
we're in California can you believe it
oh dude we're gonna go get free birds
we're going to free birds and we're just
waiting to go and what are we waiting on
Jackson what is he doing
napping he is taking the best nap of his
freakin entire life it's been what two
and a half hours time it's late last
night yeah holy cow
he did good last night but not as good
as we wanted them to we're waiting on
Jackson what we did last night oh he
didn't or read him he didn't do good
loss
oh I thought he was okay but we're
waiting on Jackson so we can go Jackson
never takes more than like an hour maybe
an hour and a half nap and he's been in
there for two hours I just peeked in on
them to go get some stuff from the room
and he is sound asleep so we're getting
hungry it's almost lunchtime and we're
like oh okay I guess we'll just wait
little guy
the one place that I wanted to go
Freebirds all these California people
always post their pictures about free
words well guess what I can finally post
my own picture at free words so excited
to eat these burritos look it's a little
burrito
where'd it where is it look at that tiny
little burrito that's a little baby bear
yeah hahaha
do they like custom big board yeah okay
what's the verdict is good what's the
verdict good work is that it do again Oh
everyday while we're here I think a you
I've been waiting forever for this this
is good this is my burrito it's as big
as Ellie's head I'm not sure how I'm
gonna agree all of the grease on Diago
which I believe is translated to Wales
never mind we're at the San Diego Zoo
and we are gonna have a great time Elias
Oh George is here look at that I'm
really excited to see actual giraffes
are you guys excited to go to the zoo
with us we're at the San Diego freaking
zoo I think first stop not necessarily
first hour we've got to go see these
giraffes and the Panda and then the
Panda I mean out there's only like two
of them left for lions and elephants and
tigers and bears oh my
oh we've got three hours let's go on
your mark get set go holy right nos for
us that's crazy
this is honestly probably one of the
coolest things I've ever seen
look at that am I ever you be able to
see a live rhinoceros it is cooler room
that's so crazy and for the moment that
we've all been waiting for
hey little attention these giraffes are
not little look at that look Jackson
loves up Jackson can you see yeah you
see the transit yeah to the giraffes
Jackson he see the giraffe look at that
giraffe he is so cute
the tour guide that just drove best said
that he weighs over 2,000 pounds hey
buddy
holy cow look look at these and there's
a little guy right there just hanging
out - he totally loves her like these
are such pretty animals oh my gosh
stretching the neck this drop is only
five months old and he's walking away
dressed like I - mouth he's walking away
now but he's only five months old I
don't even know what started the whole
giraffe theme honestly it's because I
got that little nightlight for Jackson
when I wasn't even pregnant yet and just
ever since then I was like I like dress
it's a pretty animal for a baby maybe
it's cuz they're majestic as all get but
they really are but now that I'm here
I'm like they're so beautiful like their
coats are so pretty they walk so
elegantly like they're just pretty I
really love them those other little
animals that are in here with the
giraffes are actually gazelles and the
gazelles around me remind me of Dave
Ramsey when he's like yeah yeah yeah
gazelle and run pay off you're done and
run like a gazelle
so they remind me of Dave Ramsey we're
actually just about to finish entree
leadership which is a book by Dave
Ramsey world yeah not up yeah we were
listening to it on the way here this is
a very true fact do you know why
penguins are pink because they eat
cotton candy too
no they eat shrimp they trim too much
not too much with the eat shrimp what
that's why they're pink oh yeah I could
totally be just totally lying but I'm
pretty sure that that's a fact I'm
pretty sure it's a cotton candy I'm
99.9% sure that it's the fact that
they're pink because they eat shrimp hey
man what you're thinking about oh no no
you could live to some stuff that is the
biggest hairiest camel I've ever so it's
front hump has no water in it right I
don't know
cuz if it's full of water it's it's
formed right all I know is he's gonna
get get get you drunk get you love drunk
off his hums
his humps his hums his lovely camel
humps check it out hey you up there let
me get across okay just like now stay
there
Wow go away get up here I'm coming up in
the back yeah
what are your parents doing you got this
bro that's pretty good
hey man I get a picture together mail
Ellie how does it feel to ride on the
back of a camel I feel like I'm on a
noble steed this is our noble steed
where we can ride into the bliss 30
miles in the desert without stopping for
water no let's go
that's awesome that is so cool did you
just see that that was awesome yeah
Jackson was like looking up he's like
these still this under thank you still
but is it I love that I love curiosity
you know I love that Jackson is learning
new things every single day when on
vacation if you want to spend five
dollars on cotton candy and five dollars
on a drink I guess that's what you got
to do all right if you want to do it
when you're on vacation is fun just to
get a little treat right as you're
walking around and have a fun jacket
we've got his little treat put your
little munchkins over here Ian only I
was thinking there's a flaw in my theory
yeah this is pink on candy well you
don't ever see blue flamingos do you
know so that must mean a real I don't
know shrimp not cotton candy but shrimp
are blue before you cook them oh right
yeah grace blue why are they paying
Jackson are you ready for your bottle
yeah I'm ready you better do that again
do it I'm doing it just alternate head
Jamie he'll turn him in Jared just moved
his body and turned his head this al has
been staring at us and chirping to us
it's not an elf it's an eagle oh it's a
harpy eagle this eagle is done looking
at us and staring at us and like
chirping at us and when Jared moved his
head in his body that eagle did the same
thing he went like this even happy you
it did that like an eagle does look
right there it's a panda bear
look at that his nose why do I always
think like when I hear when I hear
pandas or like bears
I always think their voice is like poor
Gore's on the beer why is that the voice
that bears or large animal they should
be like I'm boo-boo I've got listened to
all the different songs that these birds
are singing I bet you anything my dad
could name some of these birds just by
the song they're singing is that cool do
you think if I hold my hand out a bird
will perch it on there
hey buddy hungry are you hungry get it
right away hungry hungry hungry you are
the animal whisperer yes you are did my
fine somewhere where I've always wanted
to go is Hard Rock Cafe it's right there
my mom and dad were on a trip once and
they never bent on a lot of trips when
we were kids
they never left him on a trip very often
but one time my mom and dad did go on a
trip and they were either here in San
Diego or San Francisco I'm pretty sure
at San Francisco but my mom and dad they
brought me home a Hard Rock Cafe Bear
and they're really nice bears and if I
see one in here that I like if they have
him here I would think they would but I
want to get Jackson one but we're on our
way target cafe and something cool out
tonight or I'm and something else is
cold out San Diego is Jarrod served a
service mission in Finland okay they not
see you look good Jarrod served a
service mission in Finland and my dad
served actually a service mission here
in San Diego so it's kind of fun to be
here and kind of see what San Diego has
to offer
my god
yeah
these boys are troopers I tell ya you're
a trooper your trooper your trooper
buddy
what is that look the guy fries oh that
were kidding I said are you gonna be my
girl
we just left Hard Rock Cafe and they
only had one bear and this is the bear
that we got it was just a little bitty
baby they're just from Jack it's the
best meat - it's just a little size and
the moma I put on Jack's and he smiled
he was hittin it and usually excited
but Jackson shows his love oh yeah he
hits it and licks things but guys we had
a busy day it's late we're gonna get
home or get these kids to sleep and then
we are gonna probably eat candy and then
go to sleep ourselves so and we're
hanging out with the lovely Brian and
Missy if you guys if you yeah that's
them that's them a nolle cake if you
guys have not seen them by chance
definitely will have their link down
below I'm so glad that we get to spend a
good yeah but the rest of the week here
at them is going to be so fun so thank
you so much for the support and thank
you for everything that you guys have
done for us we were so excited to be
here and we'll see you in the next video
tomorrow in California we're gonna do
some extra fun we're still in California
scary that's real life okay okay yeah
bye bye say goodbye say good night Kevin
bye teddy bear tonight Jackson
by
