okay what should we uh yeah
dr. pepper what the heck what the heck
well this isn't my fridge what the heck
Brian what Missy what Oliver without a
shirt on how did we get here the fridge
is a time portal and we just traveled
through time and space that was so good
you know happen to have we've been so
hungry Sara I do want to stand later
time travel and space travel make you
hungry
I'm so hungry so when you wake up at
2:00 a.m. we're in California
look guys we have some awesome friends
in the making you guys I'm sorry but is
Jackson a punk
I think Jackson's gonna be like the punk
oh he's like he's like chillin here
without a shirt on yawns look at this
little kid being a little piano pounder
place the song plays a little tune you
little piano pounder come on
show grandma your skills there you go
I've never seen so many rad toys and
there's lino like we should put them on
this bad boy so are we slacking on the
toy department
all these came over again where's the
body he gets so afraid though Oh
we need to get Jackson a leather jacket
and put him on that he's okay
he's good you're good right we combed
Stonewall Jackson as his facial
expressions never change yeah that's
funny
you know what he's making his grandma's
proud right now of course right in both
of our mom's rode horses growing up and
they are big horse fans so we should
definitely get Jackson a little rocking
horse rocking right there yeah so Missy
and I run a couple of errands while
Jared and Brian get new work but these
little boys our best friends now and if
you could hold hands I really think that
they may but they are not close enough
each other no they're not but they're in
there and they're best friends welcome
Jared's wanted to meet Carmen I like
wanna jump in the pool Ruth karma to
just jump in the pool without us well
Jared go get in jump in with karma
she'll love it
he'll love it ah edit that out karma
let's play let's play
yeah yeah
these kids have just been hanging out
together all day playing and he's
getting nothing yeah no just having a
killer time these kids are just they're
gonna be best friends guys okay guys we
are finally at the time a night where we
good Jackson Jackson sake
Jax are you excited let's go sir
you got our swim trunks on swim trunks
on let's go
hey guys before we end the vlog I wanted
to show you guys where Jared and I are
gonna stay while we're here at Bryan and
Missy's they were so cute to us this is
the room that we're gonna stay in so we
have a come on in and then you go over
here and it says welcome meet gum family
and then they have a cute little table a
cute bed even this he even painted the
room a while ago and it's just like such
a sweet little room like she is so good
at decorating and they got this giraffe
look how cute is that
a little welcome how cute because they
know we love giraffes
oh and last but not least oh my gosh
guess what else they got us there's this
cute little chest here they fill this
full of pot candy
Mott's chips my favorite chips red vines
and goldfish oh my gosh
I just remembered in my head they texted
us and they're like what's your favorite
treats and I thought they were just
gonna have that you don't even frost
while we were here for everyone to eat
but they actually put it in our room how
cute and then we have a bathroom for us
like this is like I feel like instead of
at a hotel we're at our friend's house
and they made it like this huge extreme
nice place for us look we have a bar
soap Listerine some moisturizer hand
sanitizer little shampoo and
conditioners and little puffs oh my
goodness how sweet and how cute is that
of them so were you guys surprised that
we drove all the way to California you
guys probably had no idea we tried to
keep it a really good secret I think we
did good right no we didn't even vlog
the dry and that was hard because we
left at 3:00 in the morning and we're
just like we're driving yeah well my
eyes are like bloodshot red and my hair
is like crazy Ellie when she wakes up
it's really late she wakes up
everything's ready to go she just sits
up and she's ready like that she's is
perfect I don't know how she does it
Jackson slept like the first half of the
trim woke up had breakfast and then took
a nap and then played with his binky and
toys the whole rest of the trip
it was amazed balls he did so good so
here's the thing guys we are in
California we are hanging out with Brian
and Missy they are so nice to let us
stay in their awesome house they are
like honestly they're they're honestly
like the best hosts ever
seriously I'm serious when we walked it
did you show them the bucket oh my gosh
the bucket of goodness it was amazing
but while we're here Brian and Missy
have a meetup scheduled and we are the
guests of honor I I can't I can't wait
we there's a meet-up and it's Thursday
this Thursday at 4 p.m. in downtown
Disney it's not Disneyland it's Downtown
Disney it's completely free it doesn't
cost a penny yeah three hours of free
parking does that mean the meetup is
three hours oh it's an hour some from
4:00 to 5:00 from 4:00 to 5:00 there's a
meet-up at Downtown Disney I'm gonna
have all the information on our Facebook
page a lot of you guys probably didn't
even know we had a Facebook page because
we're just like not even good at
promoting our own social media links so
you probably aren't even subscribed guys
we're so close to a hundred thousand
subscribe right now so we're having to
meet up come meet us because we're in
California this week and it's gonna be
so much fun and we're and we're making
pumpkin roll Ellie and Missy are making
baby I know chocolate chip cookies and
everything else link down below is what
we need to do okay we're gonna have
everything linked down below come meet
us we're having so much fun here in
California I cannot wait here this is so
cool
this is like it's really weird because
when we first walked in because whenever
we FaceTime brian is sitting at this
this chair right there so I see this yes
I'm so used to this that's your view but
now I'm on that side yeah this is so
weird it's like real life it really is
real life
you guys can just come hang out no no no
it was like the biggest fun this trip
ever
totes okay and it's not over yet this
party is just getting started
okay thanks guys have a wonderful
evening and we'll see you as always
tomorrow
bye real quick on Brian and Missy's vlog
I said happy birthday and I gave her a
cute little gift but didn't say it was
your helping on our night I just want to
tell Missy that's a happy birthday and
I'm really glad they were friends and I
using my weekend I like I like your
tiger outfit happy birthday I can't
believe we didn't say this we are making
cookies and we just made pumpkin bread
for breakfast and her new KitchenAid
that she got for her birthday so happy
birthday
