now you can find Laci in looks just like
Baxter I'm not quite as cute I think I
suffered you here we go for debate
make it make it good job nailed it
yes well good morning guys actually more
like everyone laughs its 5:00 in the
afternoon and we made our way up to
guess whose house Bonnie's house we are
at Bonnie's house Bonnie recolored my
hair we put a neutral color over because
that red kept fading and fading and now
I think it's really really pretty I
actually really love it Bonnie made us
some cheese and broccoli soup because we
all of us
lovely Jennifer you know her Olivia Cody
Bonnie over there on the floor
Boston Roo Jackson Jerrod babycakes we
are all going to meet the Shaytards at
the corn maze and I hope that we
actually get to like meet them and talk
to him and Katy let you guys all know me
and Herbert chat him a little bit on
Twitter and that like I found girls over
that and so we're kind of excited we're
kind of excited to go and like talk to
them all and I hope everyone there's
like candy good to be there and I know
Carly is gonna be there there's gonna be
a bunch of people there yeah there I'm
looking forward to meeting em but we are
just eating dinner
we are just relaxing before we got here
we actually went over to our new place
and we cleaned it I cleaned all the
cupboards out and stuff so when we move
in everything's nice and clean so we are
doing a lot today and I'm excited to
have a fun night I looked out the window
and what did I see
autumn foliage right before me guys
these leaves are just amazing look at
the color on them it is crazy because
down where we live it's warmer but the
leaves are like already gone up here
it's like perfect this is like prime
freakin time and yes I will go out of my
way to step on that crunchy leaf I love
that sound
do you guys go out of your way to step
on the crunchy leaves I knew here we go
so here's all here to see the shaitaan'
this is exciting
you can find okay here I put it Dan
thank you good job
perfect yes all this is plowed into the
maze we go in to find Shay and Katie
that and Carly and everybody else it's
just my drugs on run o52 Shaytards okay
let's leave Weaver
run let's end the dream again
gross check off my bucket list she's
like I just want to run through the corn
I've I just gotta spine okay yeah we're
holding the line up bring you down here
just to get scared come here man i crush
him like he's gonna be scared be like my
shirt so I type to Cody's ooh is it
sharp Cody don't tell anybody that's our
secret good judgment
legit to hear I don't like it I don't
like it do you ever feel like you have
this looming character just standing
over your shoulder like you know you
just feel so close like death is just
right behind you I just I you know
sometimes you just fell down on your
luck and you just like just you know you
get that strange feeling that something
is just right behind you
you just can't put your finger on it
though it's weird holy crap oh my
goodness wait a second are you wearing
my shirt
you guys okay Leah let's go I get better
range blue is
you know you're not close enough this is
something else right here that was there
even both going like glasses that's
crazy
I can't you're afraid we've got some
height problems in our family all the
loggers are short that's all I can work
with we like shame like let's blog
together you bet Santa John the
ravishing oh yeah but I didn't want them
to have to hold it like this
you made Bonnie's day Maddie wants a
picture it was Bonnie okay thank you I
dunno nervous ha ha so fun I think we're
almost up to our shades we just have to
go up go flying a little bit and then
right there and we're gonna go say hi to
them Jared and I had met che and Colette
but Bonnie who's not what do you think
are you nervous
seriously I'm really excited like I feel
Julie being a fangirl with all our
fangirls aren't we are we all yeah it's
I mean something to be excited about
we're sure you heard it Bonnie thing
Shane is the most effective manner sorry
Joel I'm her partner eyes was first and
then shade I think you oh my god did you
say hi that's why you saw the boy one if
you are these kids they're sleeping
ahead of the line and they're trying to
say hi and they succeeded it looks like
they already yes Olivia are you excited
I saw right in the corner good five I
like that now you can finally see in
looks just like extra I'm not quite as
cute I think for debate guys crawl
before Jackson yes yes I got this little
thing right here he might be a little
cuter than me so well land really do we
didn't really just say that's the yoga
challenge I'll go over as good as you
did it with me more than she would well
I think I think we should that like have
a practice right here you know the more
milk
oh my god yoga and I want you know I
when I watched your video I watched your
videos like let me do that I was like
getting really competitive on my oh babe
already I was I was really shocked of it
when I saw sounds and Jenna cuz I was
like that looks really hard grant
they're tall we did it I forgot I'm good
yeah yeah we were like proud of
ourselves I was very impressed
honey we got up our yoga I know
okay one two three
it's going on
yeah it's good well I think back I'm or
retweet that to me and that was Isaac
and you're rolling oh you just kept it
rollin shut the vlog rollin that's good
that's good how's it goin man it's good
to see you oh yeah it's nice to meet you
guys you're worthless phones reading
your skin to ears only
your hands are two balls dead your teeth
it's so good to see you oh no you guys
are awesome
I don't know if you guys know that
everyone a little bit
Shuai bad no no no no thank you
yeah everyone yeah there you go that's
awesome I feel like we're pretty
relatable on the family level you know
we're pretty much relator okay yeah yeah
everybody this pepper man yeah still not
that's my favorite that's gonna be like
sorry it only comes out my holiday yeah
buddy okay so my little niece is crazy
she wants to give the zombie a hug oh
you don't want to you want me to get the
zombie uh-huh I'm not gonna give this on
me a hug is scary
oh yeah Ellie give this army a hug
careful no biting
oh we're in the corn maze here and I
can't find my wife my sister my
sister-in-law
or their kids we're just kind of walking
through the corn maze having a good time
um well I think it's just straight
straight or to the right I don't know
let's go straight and find out this is
crazy
did you guys have fun tonight did you
have so much fun
what did you spit on me or self no this
is all going in oh I'm gonna put that in
slow motion oh you guys have fun guys no
listen not me so I'm not
well you're not talking not we besides
slow motion to her little nose not only
was that fun but I felt um oh no I felt
like they it was just very very fun it
was just a fun cover we had with them we
had a blast
so there's and the cool thing about it
is like meeting meeting them like
they're they're just lying on the floor
they're just like us right so it was fun
to meet them again and be like and start
back off it was just very fun like hey
do you remember that one time at vlogger
fair not just cute like they recognize
that my hair was changed and they liked
it and it was just they made us feel
really good and here's your love on
here's what I want is if you guys were
at a pumpkin patch and you took a
picture with us I want you to either
tweet us or Instagram us cuz I want to
see those pictures no it was like not
only have shaytards beat up they're like
people cut you're like oh look it's only
injure it was really cute it was fun for
everybody so that's the vlog for today
Bonnie someone who bought evil people
stop me in there like we have our
picture with you like oh yeah sure yeah
yeah I think like we are just as excited
as the person on the other end yeah it's
really really cool how you guys come up
to us so if you guys see us say hi
because there I know there's some people
who are out there like and they didn't
stop us and I don't know what that's
okay it's fine if you're not comfortable
it's a big deal meeting celebrities
he's a new Jennifer I really show
everyone though ad gentle Instagram
right now she's private sorry that's for
the vlog for today guys thanks so much
for watching I hope you have a wonderful
day and we'll see you tomorrow bye
