hey guys as you know on Thursdays we try
and do a throwback Thursday and we try
and kind of make it a one take but we
checked the PL box today and we haven't
checked it in a really long time and
Michelle and Alan they sent us a card
and the funniest thing is is the first
sentence goes we tried to find a draft
card da but zebras will have to do I
hope it makes you laugh and we did
laughs it was really funny so we are
picturing that these zebras are actually
dressed I laughed when I opened it I was
really are you oh um I totally forgot to
you my cookies I got a quick look at a
chocolate changes chocolate chip yeah
and Colin and Katie they are so nice
bless their freaking little hearts bless
your heart :
bless your heart Katie and Macy Gaines
let me just come and get be Lukas
there's a kitchen see see gains I wish I
could snuggle her right now
they set us a little card why are you
laughing well I'm just thinking about
like the what Cullen it was thinking
about when he was either writing a note
or when Katie was ready to know or
drawing the flower cones like you I'm
gonna draw her a flower
cuz that's dainties junk yo well maybe
canted you're the flower either way they
know guys : drew the flower because
Cullen you and : that's all I have to
say you okay either way that flowers
Degas junk your turd and half of you and
your little nephews or turd and a half
Kate thank you : they sent us a letter
but not only a letter they did not have
to do this but they sent us a little
gift card to KFC because he because they
know that I've been craving it and guess
what we got generated blemishes yeah yes
thank you so much guys really that made
my Ellie's night I will tell you you
made her night and you made her tomorrow
night and you made her night after that
I know thank you guys but this is
drawback Thursday and I I was on looking
at all of our books and I came across
this and Jared made this book for me
it's like Christmas review no verse
Christmas
let me find it for you Oh we'll find it
we'll find it
um but he he made this book for me that
says Tim I love Merry Christmas 2012 the
best first three years of marriage
now what this book is is my blog the I
had kept up for three years and he'd
printed out the blog and it's every blog
post that I wrote so that's the blog
book that he printed but that's the
first three years of our I know the
first full three years of our marriage I
have documented and now we have the rest
of our life documented on the vlogs but
there was a certain post in here now
that I have to find I'm gonna find it
oh I found it's right you know good
friend I have to find because I was
reading through it and I thought boy
have our lives changed this post showed
really what our life was like two years
ago in 2012 and now our lives right now
are completely different and it just I
don't know I'm just so glad that I
documented it and I know in a few more
years I'm gonna be even happier that
we've logged rather than just wrote a
blog I I ended up stop I ended up not
writing on my blog anymore when we
started the vlogs just because that was
a lot like an upgrade yeah that's what
that's what I thought anyway but I'm
gonna read it to you so this is the post
and it's called as of late and as you
can see there's a creepy cat picture
right there and another creepy cat
picture so I'll read it and you guys
will understand what it is but it's
really short so don't worry I won't bore
you too long but it says lately
Jared and I have slept in until 11 a.m.
wood at a lot this month okay a lot this
month and I am okay with that we go on
walks multiple times a day
they are short but sweet we go get ice
cream cones during our walks Jared got a
new job at a physical therapy clinic no
more sleeping in jared has most of his
stuff done for applications for physical
therapy school I have been a cooking
machine I really love my job Jared walks
me to work on Saturdays and some
we go get a donut and chocolate milk and
what would all this work be without a
little fun our friends went on vacation
and so we went to their house every day
for a week to feed and water their cat
we thought it would be funny to take
pictures with their cat and put it in
their picture frames it took them three
days after they were home to notice we
sure think we are funny but what can I
say we are entertained easily tell me
that this is not funny if you do not
think this is funny we are not friends
so me we celebrated Jared getting a job
by going to Chili's some little girl has
the best Playhouse ever jealous this
about sums it up oh that I said that
because there was a picture of a
playhouse oh yeah because this is the
rest of the pictures I said that because
that was the Playhouse that we found in
someone's yard honestly I think someone
could live in that hold on let it focus
there we go
someone could live in that boy house Oh
huggy you're standing next to it no look
how big that is no and then we went to
Chili's and got ice cream cones and
anyway that cat picture is that not
funnier than all get-out
so we thought it'd be hilarious like
it's like we tried to get like an
old-timey picture where you're looking
off into the distance and we what I
really wanted to do is mask another
picture of us with the cat like right
here kind of like the you know eighties
pictures yeah yeah
but that that was as good and we put
those pictures in there picture frames
and it took him three days to notice and
what was even funnier I think is because
we were friends with them but we weren't
at the time now we're like best friends
you've seen our Duncan and Jackson hey
um do playdates once in a while but it
just it's crazy what what the year I
think this done are really good like
they're like oh they are funny they're
like are long forever like we will
always be best friends like just always
it's just good to be there but it's just
Jared and should we even tell them that
I don't know why not yeah
so yeah I'll tell them so I I went to
school at BYU go Cougars they're
actually not doing too well because
Taysom Hill broke his leg anyway enough
about that
um I went to school and I was studying
exercise science I have a I have a
bachelor's degree in exercise science
and I was plan
doing physical therapy school I did
really well I had good grades I studied
hard and I applied to physical therapy
school I actually applied twice hmm and
it was really really weird and looking
back on it I was like oh I can see why
things happen the way they oh my
goodness but at the time we were like
freaking out were devastated we didn't
get any interviews we we just got
rejection letter after rejection letter
and there was like no no reason why it
was crazy but I applied to ten different
schools two different times and just
didn't get anything and we're like well
we've got to find a job and the weird
thing about it was like Jared said now
that we look back we're like we can see
why it didn't work out but at the time
we kind of were embarrassed too because
we don't want to let our families down
it was like this is supposed to work why
isn't it working and Jared's grades were
good yeah well my like ever since I was
12 years old I wanted to do physical
therapy because I had had like hip
problems my entire life they really
started hurting when I was like between
12 and 16 and I had such an awesome
experience as the physical therapist I
was like this is what I want to do I
want to help people I want to work with
people and I want to make people feel
better mm-hmm and um it's so like that
was like the biggest thing I was like
yeah physical therapy is the way to do
that and so I worked really hard for a
long time to do that but it's it's not
really it didn't work out but the funny
thing is with the jobs that I've had
I've always ended up helping people
making people feel better and then like
having fun mm-hmm and so I think that's
it's really cool that everything that
we've done since then I've felt
fulfilled but yeah so that I mean that
it's it sucked like really hard we we
were like what are we gonna do with our
life because there was nothing else I
give with a with a degree in you know
the health sciences yeah I mean you can
go to medical school but if you can't
get into physical therapy school you
probably get into medical school so I
was like what am I gonna do with my life
looking back we realized it wasn't the
best decision that we could have ever
made because of the things that we're
doing right now when we started doing
YouTube we realize holy cow
we're not just like helping ourselves
we're helping other people too and it's
so cool that by doing YouTube and doing
these videos just about our lives you
know it makes us feel good if it fills
us but it also helps out a ton of other
people and I love that I love making I
love making people smile and feel good
and can't you love making people cry hey
I love I love making people cry for a
good reason like I have always wanted to
write a song that made people cry like
happy tears or like I've always wanted
it like with um with like the Mother's
Day video yeah it was just I we and
really wanted to be like I hope you is
that bad to say I hope no one's being
like you're really like it's not a good
thing to say I hope you guys took that
in the right way if there's a right way
to take it all anyway
um but this it just I'm so glad that I
did a blog and some of these posts were
so personal and I'm sure when I look at
some of the people that read these posts
like I think one of the first post oh
let's talk about one of the first post
that I wrote sure just take the book for
me
it's called called making my life with
him on Egan bench and my grandma her and
my grandpa got married at like 17 and
they stayed married their whole lives
and have like eight kids and how to farm
and their first house I believe was on
Egan bench and anyway I'm just going to
sum it up so I don't sorry I'll just sum
it up but anyway though first post was
literally about we had no money
I stayed up till midnight making bread I
set a text to my dad on accident I was
meaning to text Jared it wasn't my son
Beth it was when my sister was
delivering her baby and I said we only
have five dollars I'm gonna go get
potatoes I'm going to go get potatoes
and like broth and I was gonna make soup
and that soup was gonna last us all week
because we only had one week left in the
month and I accidentally sent it to my
dad and he wrote back and he goes do you
need are you doing okay do you need any
help do you need to go you know I don't
know he's
askin and I remember I felt so stupid I
just felt so stupid but you know I'm
sure my mom and dad or I know my mom and
dad have those same struggles when they
were first married and going to college
but it's amazing to see my life at the
very first blog post and now today and
I'm so glad that we decided to vlog but
that's a little throwback Thursday look
at this real quick this is our this is
our Meachem book no thang my life is you
honey can bench okay guys that is our
throwback Thursday I hope you enjoyed a
little taste now look how good we look
oh that's the bad picture I hope are
gorgeous in that picture I hope that you
guys enjoy a little taste of our path
Jared you're such a jerk um thank you
guys for watching thanks for the support
Jared and I are going to bed with extra
extra big smiles because shake Carl and
Katy led to the yoga challenge and it
was really it was really fun fun yeah
them do that but thank you guys for the
sweet comments we have read the comments
about grandpa and grandma and sending
your love we have not been able to write
back to a whole lot of comments just
because we have been with the family but
we have read them we have shown our
family your guys's comments they really
appreciate it we really appreciate you
guys so Jared and I will see you guys
and Jackson I'll see you guys tomorrow
bye Oh
