today is the day that we celebrate my
hero we celebrate the life of my grandpa
and we take the whole day and think
about family think about friends and be
together
star lights the restless dream
Oh
I
by the way Haven sickness gone
my piece goes on
Oh
Oh
see just go
I just go
so here in Utah at funerals there's or
maybe not you taught you guys tell me
but there are two main things that you
eat at funerals at least in Utah
what is one funeral potatoes funeral
potatoes and what's the other one
and it's like potatoes with corn flakes
mashed on the top and the other one is
jell-o jell-o we've got orange jell-o
we've got raspberries pretzels we have
orange jell-o and another kind of jello
so
jello is big and mashed potatoes are big
and it definitely warms our soul just a
little bit as we kind of doubt raspberry
and apple and pistachio with vanilla oh
my god lots of jello yeah we weren't
kidding when we were talking about the
jello which which one's your favorite so
far
Apple oh yeah I haven't tried it here we
go ready and one two three do it
okay we're watching whoa Matt that's
pretty good turn and a half you are so
as we got done with everything we came
back to take some family pictures and of
course some of the little cousins are
like we love your videos you got to do a
handstand so Jared and Matt did a
contest and who was better at handstands
and of course Matt won well I think
there was some outside interference
involved there I don't think that's a
true representation of who's better at
handstands we need to have a mono e mono
handstand competition what is grandma
grandpa doing they're racing
we're trying to get a little bit of
energy out while we are all here just
kind of resting and recouping from the
day it's kind of fun to see everyone
just running employee
Hey
sir
well guys that is the end of the day I
hope you enjoyed taking some time to see
the footage that we took today we didn't
get a whole ton but what we did get was
very important to us I hope you guys got
an idea of how wonderful and amazing my
grandpa is and was he was my hero and
like we said he's like a Captain America
of our day
it's incredible all of the things that
he was 8 that he did in his life and I
can only hope that my life is like his
in terms of the fun the family the
excitement and the outcomes that he had
he lived a really good life don't you
think hmm I'm a lot of struggles a lot
of struggle but he overcame them he he
stuck to his guns and he overcame every
trial that came his way and I want to do
that and I want to teach my kids that
through his example I am so grateful for
my grandpa and I love him and I will
miss him and I will think about him all
the time I think today was full of happy
and sad tears that's that's the kind of
thing with funerals and we were talking
about this it's it's interesting that
it's bring so many great memories
together and not feel so happy but you
feel so sad at the same time it's such a
interesting feeling and then we're also
thinking of grandpas life and like you
know telling all of these wonderful
stories of grandpa what are they gonna
say in my funeral
what are they gonna say during my eulogy
I want to be the kind of person and live
the kind of life where at my funeral
they say all of these amazing wonderful
things don't you like I I wish I could
fast-forward me like that's the funeral
I want you know I got to make that yeah
exactly you are in charge of your own
destiny I totally believe I think today
was the whole day was just really
special I think one of my favorite
moments was when we said our last
goodbyes to Grandpa and our cousin is in
the military did a salute
and he offered a flag yep he presented a
flag yeah and he saluted grandpa and
then I think what I haven't seen very
many of them but I didn't realize how
the whole steps work but then he saluted
grandma and I think it just made
everyone cry and it just was really
special grandma and grandpa have been
together with courtship and marriage I
think almost 76 76 years am
that's almost a long longer than a lot
of people actually live it just sees no
one there's so much love there it just
was really special today and it was
really nice to be around the family
forgot to mention a lot of people been
asking about grandma um cause grandmas
doing she's doing well I am surprised
how well she's doing but rained she is
drained she is tired and you know I
think she's doing good she is doing well
considering what's going on she's doing
very good was so sweet when before they
closed the casket she just nuzzled him
just just give history nestled it and it
was just so it was so sweet thank you
guys again for all the support we really
do appreciate it again I can't say it
enough take the time tell your friends
and family that you love them give them
a hug right at them
go give them a hug and tell them that
you love them okay I can't say it enough
tell your friends and family you love
them thank you and we'll see you guys
later I
