so we just got back from the viewing and
we're all hanging out we had a lot of
pizza and we're all sitting here with
our stomachs filled and I thought it'd
be a good opportunity for us to sit down
and say our like our favorite memories
of Grandpa and one of my favorite
memories that I had with Grandpa when I
was really young when he lived at his
old property he would always take me and
sit me on the riding lawnmower with him
and we'd go around and well the whole
property and I was always super excited
to do that because I like to steer the
wheel and everything until I got old
enough to actually mow the lawn and I'd
have to do it all by myself and I'd
actually have to do the work and so
that's one of my fun memories is getting
on the lawnmower with Grandpa and mowing
the lawn with him on the on the riding
lawnmower do you want to do one mm-hmm
I think my favorite thing about grandpa
is he was always humble and every time I
talked to Grandpa I know I'm gonna cry
huh I'm sorry was he was always humble
and and every time I left a conversation
from grandpa I always was grateful for
what I had because grandpa often shared
about how hard he had to work for the
things that he had so when we'd go out
to dinner and he saw that a mill was $15
or he saw that we would tip $5 he was
always like oh that's a lot of money you
know because he had to work so hard for
the little things that they had and so
that's what I just something that I will
always take with me and something that I
definitely am going to instill in my
children is is you have to work hard and
sometimes you don't get a lot for it and
you just have to be grateful for what
you have so that is one of my favorite
things about grandpa sorry
Megan and I one time we're talking with
grandpa and he was telling us about how
sometimes you need to just keep a little
extra money around and then he opened
his wallet and then his billfold was no
money and he says but I like to keep a
little extra any gender guess how much
money's in here and then I said well
there is none but then then he like pull
out from behind his license there was a
$20 bill he's like I keep some here just
in case and he puts that back and then
he pulls out from behind another little
corner of it another 20 and there was
probably $100 know there was I counted
it oh and there's 160 dollars in his
wallet and it was like all extremely
well hidden there was a secret pocket
even where there was 50 and he said this
is what this is like the bigshot or like
get some name for that special pocket it
was very nice this is my cousin Kristin
and her daughter Katie this is actually
where we're staying right is is that
Chris's house oh thank you so much for
your hosting in hospitality I'm happy
too okay my favorite memory I guess
memories of grandpa whenever you'd give
him a hug he'd give you a kiss on the
cheek and then that he'd I'm gonna cry
oh and yeah that's it
kiss on the cheek well I know it's hard
to tell by the looks of it but I'm the
oldest grandmother and so I have too
many memories to pinpoint a favorite is
everything about my grandpa was special
but I've just come to realize the
importance of Captain America in the
world right now with the superhero
movies and stuff is our family has the
true
in America he was not only a a war hero
he was he continued that for almost 94
years of his life and everything I did
he the true American hero who sacrificed
daily for others and who led by example
he did and just like in the Broadway
play who wicked when they sing because I
knew my life's been changed for good
that's that sums it up for me about my
grandpa because I know I wouldn't be Who
I am today if it wasn't for his example
for his dedication for his sacrifice and
for his testimony he was a true man of
God and in everything he did and because
I knew whom my life has been changed for
good one of the first times that I ever
worked with
dad he I can't even remember what we
were doing but I insisted on wearing
gloves and he said you know the only
thing you can do with gloves on and I
said no what
and he said pee your pants so you guys
on that one yeah um and there's one we
tell us one but I'm gonna cut oh I
should tell that one I was doing her
doing when we slapped your butt so
wasn't it like the first time you met
him yes the first time I met mads
parents periods like this so the first
time Emily met my family we were all
eating cake and Emily you brought your
plate back into the kitchen and came
back and Emma was really short as you
know my grandpa went to like get her
attention he went is like slap her leg
and he slapped her butt and you what do
you say like how'd you like that
hey hold this cake and he's he slapped
my buttons as you like that so that
that's a good memory we have no mono you
have all the embarrasses the one I was
gonna share was when grandpa was in the
rehab center um he was in the wheelchair
we're on Alma Hall just talking and a
nurse
bend down next to him and he slapped her
butt and then just act like nothing
happened
oh geez Jen okay I'm gonna cry already I
don't like this um when I was really
little and when Grandma and Grandpa
lived in their old house um and we would
visit grandma grandpa would go on a date
with mom and dad
and every time they would leave he'd
give me a little wink and that was our
little signal that he would bring me
back a treat and so I would sit on the
bottom of the stairs and wait for him to
come home and they would all come in the
door and Grandpa would give me a kiss on
the cheek and sneak me chocolate-covered
mint sticks and then send me off to bed
that's cute I never got any treat okay
mom okay well I have since he's my dad I
have so many memories of him but um when
we were when we were little he always
told us wonderful stories he's a
fantastic storyteller and some of them
were true and a lot of them he would
just make up and he would whenever he
told stories he always closed his eyes
and then would talk and tell the story
but
my brother and sister her older than me
they kind of grew out of it but I don't
think I ever grew out of him taking me
up to my room and tuck him me in and
then laying by my dad and and telling me
stories about well a lot of stories
about horses because I loved horses but
miniature horses and box canyons and all
all kinds of cowboy things so that was a
great memory I think it's safe to say
for all of us that we have definitely
been affected by grandpa's life he has
changed us all just like Kristin said
for good and I think we can all live by
his example and hopefully we can all
live up to his legacy and go tell your
family that you love them go give him a
hug and and yeah that's what I want to
leave you guys with and I want to say
that Nick thanks for watching guys have
a wonderful night we'll see you later
amen
member
