Jaxson it just about looks like we're
moving we have got bad after bag after
bag after guitar after bag after bag
after bag that we are putting into the
trunk of our car jared is packing up we
are going to be gone for quite some time
we actually don't know when we're gonna
be back here you go Jackson you don't
know when we're going to be back we're
gonna go visit some family you think
that we've visited enough family already
you guys know that we have really this
month of October has been non-stop back
and forth grandpa family my sister and
so we were going up anyway this weekend
to go visit family and then we decided
that we're gonna stay a little bit
longer and let's have a chat guys that's
it um I want to thank you guys for all
the prayers and the thoughts and the
wonderful comments that you have given
to us about our family last night we got
news that my grandpa passed away and
it's hard we had a family meeting last
night and this weekend we're all going
to get together and and meet and have a
funeral and I you know it's hard my
grandpa was my hero um this was expected
as you guys know he hasn't been doing
very well
um but probably the best thing that
happened was I was able to see him
before while Ellie was shopping with her
family I was actually at my grandpa's
house and we were talking and visiting
and I feel so blessed that I was able to
have that opportunity to talk with him
one last time
and um and you know hug and just hold
his hand
um I am grateful for my family and what
they mean to me and I know that I'll see
my grandpa again you know that's one
thing that I'm so grateful for the
things that we believe
I believe that families are forever and
that we will see my grandpa again I am
so grateful for the knowledge that I
have and it just makes me feel good and
you know it is a sad time and you know
it is hard to see him go but we also
want to take the time and celebrate his
life and and know the things that he has
done in the things that he's
accomplished he's a world war two
veteran he survived he was shot in the
neck and it came out of his shoulder and
you pray his iconic voice that's the
reason why he is an amazing father he's
an amazing husband he is an amazing
grandpa and an even better great-grandpa
I'm so grateful that Jackson had the
opportunity to meet him and we got some
pictures with them it's it's so great he
actually the last day that I this is him
um Jackson was on the floor and he
looked at Jackson he goes man he just
grows her every time I see him no he's
just growing up so fast like he just
like he knows who Jackson is like loved
him so it was just really special
grandpa was a hardest worker that I've
ever known
he was always outside working in the
yard in the garden working in his shop
trying to fix something he always
whenever so we lived in Washington and
he lived in Utah any time as a kid that
we'd go over to grandpa's house we'd go
into his huge workshop and he would make
swords out of wood for the kids and we
would always love it because he was so
good at making these intricate cuts and
making it sanded down so it was nice and
smooth so you wouldn't get slivers he
had the most amazing workshop and we
would go and play in there for hours
there's just so many memories that I
have and I think it's a perfect example
of us as we live our life we want to
cherish the moments that we have not
necessarily the things that we have
because we can always take our memories
with us : I think really says it best
you know collect memories not things and
or collect moments not things and I
think that's totally true so I apologize
if I feel a little
no down but I want to really take the
time and think about his life rather
than you know what's going forward
Jackson are you getting into the
PlayStation he's like that I just want
to play a game that's all but um I
really want to thank you guys you guys
have been so supportive and right now is
the time that we're gonna spend with
family Ellie's sisters in town and her
brother-in-law my brother-in-law is
coming into town too and then in about
three days we're gonna be together with
my family getting everything ready to go
so I don't know I love my family I love
my grandpa and if I could be half a man
that he was you know I would be I would
be grateful I would be so grateful so
thank you grandpa for your life and for
your example you will never believe what
I just found what in the glasses no in
the car in the very very back where we
had these chairs where we sneak them in
the very very back pressing as to what
did you find that my wedding ring
how long is it Ben Ali oh oh now put it
on your Jared but you get out of me
right is that how it I know the guy gets
on to me but you have the ring now Jared
yes oh hey I'm emotional no okay I'm
emotional because you lost your ring two
years ago I'm emotional because this is
the second ring I've ever bought you
know why did you why did we get the
second I'm emotional because I always
buy you cheap crappy rings but this ring
is gonna work and it's just fine so
Jared yes will you promise to never ever
take it off your skinny little finger
again
I promise will you promise to love me
and love Jackson and love babycakes you
promise I promise to love you Jackson
and mini-me come
okay yes don't you ever take it off your
hand again oh yes yeah that's good hey
can you believe it five years of
marriage next month is the five years
we're celebrating our five-year wedding
anniversary on November 13th do you guys
want to hang out with us we're gonna do
something fun you can't no it's a secret
okay okay pumpkin let's go pack up the
car look like you're breastfeeding are
you that so I'm pretty good
nope just being Emperor I'm Jared and I
are here at corn belly's we're meeting
up with Sam and Jenica and little Noah
and we're just going to kind of hang out
around on corn bellies I'm gonna get
lost in some mazes yeah I don't really
know really what we're gonna do but they
have like a whole bunch of shops here
right now but we're gonna go try and
find me a bathroom but um but um but um
but um but um but um better better
better how come you're so cute we are at
corn bellies and it is this huge corn
maze we are at the corn maze where they
have a whole bunch of little things for
kids to do that a huge Kourtney they
have like whole bunch of places to eat
and the owner of corn bellies actually
helped my uncle start his corn mazes so
if you guys live in Billings Montana my
uncle owns that huge corn maze and do
you guys go tell them Eliot Jared set
you because my uncle owns em what do we
all
no the real wasn't over the fake ones
those are the real I should go look at
the wedge Jared you have one chance one
chance don't mess it up oh it hit it off
no I saw it go in
if I was not pregnant I would be on this
bull ride in a heartbeat
I love cows I think I'd be a very good
bull right everybody but instead Jared
is going to be the champ today and I
just want you guys to know that Ellie's
going to be way better at this so I
imagine when I go up imagine ten times
better and that's why Ellie would do in
one year we are going to come back here
and I am going to go on the bull ride
unless you're pregnant again
no all the four-month-old okay Jared's
going on the bull ride Oh baby baby
Oh
you got this yeah you got that yeah you
even got a crowd down here that was
cheer for you get it right there oh yeah
hey Ellie do you want to go on a hayride
for me as long as you whisper his job oh
we we are really funny guys so we are so
funny
Sam what where's yours I use it back
there oh there's a girl looking oh yeah
yeah
get your bucks worth who needs to walk
through a corn maze when the tractor
will just take I had no idea he just
turned we're now going through the corn
maze I don't get lost
look at those along
Jared and Jackson Angelica are coming
down the slide and I'm really excited to
see how Jackson reacts he's usually
loves thrill stuff but this is a huge
slide it is a thrill-seeker slide so
let's see their reactions as they both
go Jack Oh Jerry to go with Jessica oh
that's funny you should have
oh there's Jarrett haha
I told her they should all dance do you
like it I can't see it he's like he's
like whatever is now I haven't done much
oh I wanted you guys to hold - you
forgot down at the same time I guess
that'd be a program he was just like he
wasn't doing much it's crazy it was
Jackson rule number one don't eat the
corn k you can't eat it it's not good
good Jackson
boy you look at Jen's beautiful hair
look at it do a little spin spin move
you didn't ask me but I did it anyway
our beautiful hair both are here you
guys know salmon Jen go check out their
channel I'll have a link down below okay
they're awesome
and if you can't hear what I'm saying
right now I'm sorry this one is so crazy
it's freezing you gotta go say goodbye
and jelly
oh my hair that I'm going to eat you oh
look at you
taxi oh you got to go over this wing I'm
gonna get you our heart hmm remember
when we came the other day and we showed
you the flag grandpa's flag is that half
mess right now and it should be that way
like what a honorable World War two
veteran like that's really special it's
really special to see we made it to my
grandma's house and we're just chilling
here with my mom and dad and we're just
talking about grandpa just you know
reliving some of the memories that we
had some of our favorite memories of
Grandpa and it's you know it's
bittersweet we laugh you know talking
about some of those things and then we
cry and um you know it's it's definitely
one of those experiences that you have
we're here like I just don't know what
to feel maybe when you guys think it is
I think right now we feel kind of Numb
yeah because it just happened so fast
you know he went but it was such a neat
experience to to be able to be there
when he left this world and we know that
we'll get to see him again and we know
that he'll be with that he's with his
family right now and you know one of the
most important man that he couldn't wait
to see was Jimmy Pfister the man who
saved his life on Iwo Jima yeah when I
was telling you earlier about when he
got shot in the throat there was a bunch
of medics that were trying to you know
stop the bleeding stop the bleeding and
you know they got shot and all of this
crazy stuff happened well an Eagle Scout
named Jimmy Fisher took his little
pinkies and plugged the holes and saved
my grandpa's life and not we're here now
because of Jimmy Fisher and so that's
one of the greatest things to ever have
happened and we're so grateful for Jimmy
Fisher and I grew up hearing about Jimmy
Fisher in fact my uncle is named after
Jimmy Fisher but he saved my grandpa's
life and that's you know that's just one
of the coolest stories and I grew up
hearing that Jimmy Fisher was an Eagle
Scout so you better be one too because
he saved my life so I am I'm an Eagle
Scout so um I was saying on Instagram
and Twitter and I posted a picture how
do you honor a hero and I think you know
grandpa lived this he had a really
fulfilling life I think and the way I
think that you honor your hero is by
living by his example and living up to
the values and the lessons that he
taught so that's what I want to do and
always remembering mm-hmm never forget I
mean grandpa was human and he made
mistakes but I think that's one of the
neatest things is he made mistakes and
yet he was still so wonderful and that's
how it is for all of us we all make
mistakes but we can rise above it and
continue to do good and that's what he
did he touched so many people lives that
it's amazing how many people have gone
just to say how he was such an important
part of their life
yeah we'll miss you grandpa we'll think
about you all the time and it's I was
saying earlier how what we believe is so
impactful on how we're taking it right
now hug your family tell them you love
them and we'll see you guys tomorrow
to do
