it's a good thing that I am NOT nine
months pregnant right now because even
though this is really tight being that
months pregnant look how tight this is
me Mom and Emily & little caters and of
course Jackson we are going to somewhere
really fun that Julie invited us to and
actually Julie Julie is right behind us
waving we're driving at all of a sudden
I'm like Julie's right behind us we're
going to Gardner village it's supposed
to be this really fun like Halloween
spot that has a whole bunch of little
shops that were gonna go walk around and
have lunch and Jared is it worked so
poor Jared he can't come little Jackson
is a happy little boy he bonked his
little head I concur I miss jeren he has
like his little dog he that's like his
first little battle when he's gotten so
his little binky is making it all better
so we're here at Gardner they're just a
whole ton of little shops around here
you can go and eat out and then you can
go shop back and right here they have
this cute little spot that kids are
dancing music down and then just all
around here there's like a little shot
just walk I don't know if I'm gonna
build to go in many shops cuz I have the
stroller and they don't really like the
stroller and the small shops but we'll
go look and see what we can do I think
the wind knocked the switch out of its
course he's grabbing it
are you sharing everyone's in one of the
stores and they don't allow stroller so
up me and Jackson just decided to stay
out here and we found this really cool
little area it's like a bunch of water
and have a bunch of little duckies down
there you see the duck there Jackson was
old enough I put them on that guys suck
you chump of Cherry Bomb boy I'm gonna
talk about Cherry Bomb hey but those are
$3 dollars
all right so does this big community a
cheesecake oh that's good but your
cheesecake mama when do you want the
Cherry Bomb Jackson what do you want
would he want you want the chocolate
cherry bomb to $3 a better tastes really
really yummy what time did you get a
cheesecake know how big is this is a
different chair chop I thought it would
have the syrup Stefan and throw me it
has a chocolate no it doesn't look like
the chocolate we're gonna try and get
the two little cousins to take a picture
and they're actually sitting still she's
eating here a second
you're a nice cousin I think oh he's all
done that's good no wonder Jackson loves
it thanks for sharing Jackson you're the
luckiest baby ever
you've got cousins doting over him
kissing him and suckers holy cow I know
I'm like one more like and I'm gonna
take it away
piss on nauseous I'm so nauseous George
your hands up in the air if you are
really nauseous yeah I'm not very good
at wrapping so I'm not feeling good
something that I've noticed is I don't I
don't even know how to explain it
I just don't I'm not like nauseous right
think I'm gonna throw up in your throw
up but I'm nauseous enough that I just
don't feel well and it usually hits me
later and need to end the day and if I
don't eat fast enough I get really sick
and then if I eat too much
I get really sick so I'm eating some of
my leftover lunch right now
Jared and I are driving home oh it's so
good to get home did you have fun while
I was working I did I did have fun but
but I've been reading your guys's
comments thank you everyone has been
very very cute about my hair the good
thing about hair and one thing is I
don't know if all of you guys know a lot
of you guys don't know
I am the hair stylist I've been I've
been a hair stylist for over five years
and Bonnie won't finish she has I'm a
pro and Bonnie's been a hair stylist for
like ten years if not six years eight
years I don't know and so it is safe to
color your hair when you're pregnant and
and I think the biggest thing is just
the hormones when the hormones can make
grab your hair and pull different colors
it can pull stronger cop earnest and it
can pull the colors whatever color
you're doing it make it stronger like
one time I did a ladies hair and I just
did a neutral hair color but with her
being pregnant it was like four right
orange I could just pulled that mortgage
out of it and some people they don't
take like if you do lighten her at the
lighting or what I won't even touch it
like you just won't take but yeah you
you are safe I know some doctors say no
so just listen to your doctor but me
being a hairstylist
I know it's just fine but everyone's
just been so cute about it so thank you
the good thing about hair color is it
can change and I'm definitely not going
to keep this forever like I think just
through the fall and then I'll go back
well and I'm sure or at least more of a
natural color but I think on Saturday
Bonnie's gonna put
um another color on top of this because
once it washes out and there's no
redness kind of fades it's gonna kind of
look kind of crazy so bonnie is just
gonna put a neutral color over this in a
couple days but i really like it i think
it's kind of fun every time i look in
the mirror kind of spices me up a little
bit I do need to learn to wear just a
little bit more blush though because it
washes me out just a teeny bit so enough
about your hair what do you guys think
about my hair or lack thereof it looks
so good it looks so good it looks
subject I would Jackson's drinking his
bottle still his bottle is gone but he
won't stop I would definitely say the
facial hair is growing on me but um hey
guys how are you doing I'm doing pretty
good
thanks for asking that's so nice of you
so here's the thing guys let's have a
business meeting everyone put on your
business socks
oh wait that's kind of weird just
kidding don't put on your business socks
but seriously let's have a business
meeting let's talk about a few things
okay I've really got some things that I
want to get done tonight so Ellie and I
are approaching 100,000 subscribers
first off that's crazy
thank you so much like we really
appreciate that second of all Ellie and
I want to do a very special video
featuring you guys about that so here's
what we want to do for the video okay
guys are you listening this is what we
want to do I want you guys to take your
phone or your camera make sure it's
horizontal so it's longer than it is
tall or this is a new thing Instagram
videos we're gonna do Instagram videos
and I'll get into that a little bit
later too okay but what I want you guys
to do is I want you to film yourself in
if you can an iconic place Ellie and I
are planning to go to the welcome to
Utah banner at the the Utah State Line
and to do our video or if you're from
South Dakota go to Mount Rushmore
if you're from Paris go to the Eiffel
Tower and if you have an iconic place
try to go to that place if not your
backyard is awesome your front yard is
even great your living room awesome we
want to see you guys but if you live in
iconic place that'd be great too
but what we want to do is we want you to
film yourself in a certain place and
I want you to say this and the important
thing is I want you to say it in your
native tongue the whole point about this
is we have so many people all around the
world watching and we think that was so
cool and the phrase that I want you guys
to say is hi my name is blank from blank
and I want to give you 100,000 blank
okay so obviously don't say blank for
example this is one that I would do hi
my name is Jared from Utah and I want to
give you 100,000 high fives that's just
one example if Ellie did it she would
say hi my name is Ellie and I'm from
Utah - and I'm gonna give you 100,000
hugs or something like that right Ellie
something like that okay so that's what
I want you guys to do all right
so that's even yeah Ellie wherever you
let somebody earlier was like I live in
Texas it doesn't matter yeah wherever
you are that what's important you want
to see you guys Kay so Ellie said it
doesn't matter where you are okay we
want to see the video so now just like
last time for the handstand video for
50,000 subscribers we're gonna use we
transfer calm I'm gonna have all the
instructions listed on the screen right
now what you need to do basically film
the video go to we transfer calm upload
the video to that website just basically
drag the file and put it in that folder
and send it to Jared and Ellie at
gmail.com okay Jared and Ellie at
gmail.com in fact I've got the website
right here I think I can pull it up on
the wetransfer website click add files
find the file that you filmed and then
put it there your friend's email is
gonna be Jared and Ellie at gmail.com
and then you put in your email and then
if you want to write a message you can -
okay so that's what you do to use
wetransfer
really really simple really really easy
and I'll download that from the
wetransfer website now with Instagram I
have a website that I can actually
download Instagram videos so if you
don't have like a camera like this
that's really good quality or if you
want to just use your cellphone
Instagram is the way to do it
and the cool thing about Instagram is
it's all square so it doesn't matter how
you film it you can film it sideways up
ways left ways or down ways what I want
you guys to do is film a video of you
saying the same thing
hi my name is blank from blank and I
want to give you a hundred thousand toe
rubs is that weird a little bit but the
important thing this has to be done in
order to us to see the video is you have
to use the hashtag and I'll put it down
here as well E
and J 100 K alright that's the hashtag
you want to use E and J 100 K you have
to use that hashtag when you post the
video or we won't see it okay now here's
another thing that I want to say guys
some people's video last time when we
did the 550-thousand video we weren't
able to use your video because
formatting didn't work sometimes the
video just didn't really really work out
and some other some other reasons okay
so what I'm basically trying to say is
we're gonna try and use as many as
possible but there may be a chance that
we can't use every single one it takes a
long time for us to edit these videos
and we just want to make sure the whole
experience is good so I apologize if we
don't use your video right now but
please submit 1k because we're gonna do
our best to use every single video if we
can okay yeah so with with the clip you
know Instagram lets you do 15 seconds
but we're only gonna be using you know
the first 3 to 5 seconds hi my name is
Jared from Utah and I want to give
$100,000 ok but that's it guys I'm gonna
have more instructions listen in the
description below and throughout this
video I probably have a bunch of editing
to do tonight so I'm sorry future Jared
you're gonna have a lot of fun with this
but basically when you want to thank you
guys and we want to show our
appreciation so that's why we're doing
this video so I hope you guys have a
wonderful evening we'll see you guys
tomorrow
Ellie I do you want to say anything to
these guys before we go you're not
wearing any pants so she can't come on
the screen goodbye she's waving goodbye
Oh
oh wait oh say goodbye thanks for
watching guys we'll see you later bye
