I'm not sure if I can handle this right
now Willie I mean cutting my hair ah not
just cutting your hair coloring it
cutting and coloring I'll give you a new
woman
a brand new woman
before we put your head forward really
not yep okay oh I'm so sorry
oh okay wait that oh that's okay before
we actually get started with Ellie's
color you want to get rid of most of her
length so we're gonna take about this
mushroom oh yeah it's like six inches
yeah cuz if you have a longer than your
collarbone yeah okay good thing in metal
is a little longer than my collar okay
so we're just gonna I'm just gonna start
here okay this is what we're doing
fellas and folks my big fudge is not I'm
glad to do what you guys do
I just like that Jackson sharpen those
years this is a very crude cut it's just
whoops it feels like a lot it is a lot
and you know what once we cut I can
actually kind of see what the light went
like I could touch though hey pink cake
in here Jackson
that's quite dramatic Oh
oh it was crazy can I feel it okay so me
and the kids have built this giant brick
tower Oh Olivia come stand next to it
Cody comes standing next up but don't
touch it cuz it can't fall look how big
it is
oh my goodness you touched it you rebel
you you guys are such rebels I want to
see what Jackson does to it good Jackson
get it get it get it Jackson
push push push it push okay give us a
hair update what's going on here
oh my red it's not pink and out so we
didn't know you were stressing we were
dying we're a little stressed
we probably I will see what it looks
like when we wash it up oh I should just
put a little bit more of the neutral and
bet it's fun right yeah I think I
understood a few of those words look at
the cut though like I cannot wait to
like wash it and round brush in stuff
are you excited is what I think it's
gonna turn out really great no I'm not
gonna be scared I'm excited for you
because you've wanted this for a long
time change cuz I don't always go blonde
later yeah
I'm excited for you and you've got some
awesome people here to help you out
I like show support we're nervous you
guys are awesome
this is fun for you girls right
well that was a really quick trip just
to do my hair and I told you ad we're
gonna go stop at the makeup store I'm
gonna pick up lipsticks to go with my
new hair Thank You funny here well fast
you guys like it it's different it's
like way different it didn't turn out
exactly how we were planning but but it
turned out good at least I don't have
like pink hair yeah yeah I'm excited I
really like it it was a really quick
trip I'm kind of sad to go all the way
back home but that's what you got to do
I'm sorry I ruined everything I can't
get the rice on your eat
okay you're half I ruined everything I
didn't do it this is the biggest bag of
featuring peach earrings I ever did see
and they're pretty cheap it was only
like three bucks
considering how expensive peach hearings
are you need a tree Jackson he's been
like clicking his lips together like to
get you something different and or a
drink no I like my peach rings I mean my
achieve your business you really do know
I'll have some Ellie's picked rings ah
boo there he goes only the sunlight come
in loving me Jamba Juice how dare you I
have a Jamba Juice in the car and Ellie
tried to grab it and we had it in the
freezer so it was frozen Ellie grabbed
the straw and actually bent it and it
flipped back up
Jamba Juice all in her hair in your
brand-new hair oh you okay
that's that's good Jamba Juice that we
just wasted have to use my scarf or
lashes I'm pretty sure this is some sort
of ploy that Ellie is set up I think I
get I think she's smarter than I give
her credit for so Ellie dyed her hair
and I think it looks really good I
really like it but all of a sudden she
has to go get new makeup to match her
hair color hmm
new makeup new hair color I think she
did this on purpose I think it was
planned and I think we need to go to
Best Buy
because of it what do you think Jackson
should we go to Best Buy huh
she's sneaky I'll give her that
you're sneaky ally we're at a store
called Cosmo Prof and it's for licensed
cosmetologist I guess where you can you
have to be professional to get there I
guess I don't know I don't know anything
about this stuff but she's getting some
makeup and hair stuff right now because
she has to because of her new hair hmm
oh she has a bunch of stuff in her hands
ha ha ha I just saw her in the window
okay what are the damages oh you all
know that Julie's been in town and wait
wait wait can we just hold on for a
second and we'll let the Sun Shine
through the window and onto your
beautiful new terrace when my mom saw me
she goes you look like Chelsea and then
my dad saw me and he goes you look like
Chelsea and that's my cousin so we'll
insert a picture right here I look like
a shout-out to my fave because of
Chelsea Julia's been in town and
everything Julie's needed we wanted to
like have her enjoy anyway she's needed
hairspray so I just picked her up a hair
spray real quick and then for me I've
never tried this it's an argon
I've tried argon oil but it's an argon
oil it's a different kind it smells
really good but then you wait that's
kind of weird and heavy I don't know if
I'm gonna like that and then Paul
Mitchell super skinny serum fun Dave so
yeah this is kind of weird so do you get
makeup at this store dude is this a
makeup store no no no no oh well there
are some makeup but I don't like fire-
oh I keep debating if I should go to
Walmart and get just a bunch of lipstick
or if I should go to Macky
I've always wanted a MAC lipstick I've
always wanted one it's not like it's
like uber crazy expensive but they're
nice and I would like to get like a lip
liner lipstick and like a because I just
got done telling them that you are at
the store because you dyed your hair and
now you have to get a bunch of new
makeup so that's not this story we're
gonna do a different robot okay she's
sneaky but not that sneaky I just want a
few like I mean
today we just I just am not ready but I
just want a little lipstick and like a
fall blush see and here's my thought
about this when you go through a big
change like that you want to feel good
and so I am totally good with taking
Ellie to go get her some new stuff you
know you're so cute I was like Jared I
kind of think that I need to like get
like a fall blush like a lipstick to
kind of like give me some color I don't
know something in germs like I'll take
you I'll take you I'm like really like
why are you so good to me and I'll tell
you why if mama ain't happy ain't nobody
happy and that is a life lesson
especially with me I'm kind of specific
if if you if your wife is happy then
you'll be happy I think that's totally
true hmm tell me kiss your let me kiss
your naked mole-rats my naked mole rat
face Oh cute I love it
look at them mountains oh my goodness
hey hey
I put check it throw a football over
them now Jared you're ruining my image
look at those mountains right now with
the Sun coming down okay my husband says
Ellie let's go to Mack let's buy you
whatever you want
I got a Mack and I decide you know what
I don't want these lipsticks I'd rather
have Walmart covergirl lipsticks one
they're cheaper and two the colors are
about the same so I was just like I
don't know I think I'm just like I think
I'm just not feeling well and I'm kind
of cranky and I just one didn't really
want to spend the money and - I don't
know I just I just want to be able to
find something that looks good and new
hair like this is just kind of crazy
that's a huge change so anyway we're
gonna go to Target and just look at the
little lipsticks there and just browse
around and then we were gonna go home
I'll drop me to help um I'll help you up
in this we were gonna go home and then
tomorrow my sister invited me to this
thing called which the witches night out
or something and it's here in town and
Jared's mom is coming to visit grandpa
because grandpa's not doing well and I
was like should we just stay the night
she would just stay here so we are
actually going
change our minds and we're going to stay
at Mom's house and mom and dad don't
even know it so we're gonna finish
that's okay yeah we're gonna finish up
at Target and then we're just going to
go back to mom and dad's house and go to
bed so it is that time for Jackson but
he's a little trooper right now aren't
you little son you're a little trooper
so yeah let's go in let's get our stuff
and let's get out hey guys so we're
sitting here in Ellie's mom's bathroom
you grew up in this bathroom that's some
of you look what I got since I shut
everyone this is your little mini home
what you got today huh foundation black
cherry lipstick hmm one baby lipstick
and plum perfect lipstick you'll have to
show them tomorrow how it looks on your
face yeah so here's a situation guys I
wanted to let you know we haven't really
solidified an idea for the hundred
thousand video just yet
you haven't been making you wait on
purpose sorry yeah we don't want to be
like this is what we're gonna do you're
gonna have to wait for three weeks yeah
we're not doing it on purpose
so Ellie and I haven't really had a
chance to really solidify because we
want to have a really really structure
to where it's easy for you guys to
follow and understand for and easy for
us to so tomorrow we're gonna sit down
we're gonna have a meeting Ellie and I
are gonna have a business meeting not
that kind of business meeting even
though I'm gonna be wearing my business
socks I got my budget lipstick we're
gonna sit down and we're gonna really
nail it on the head we're gonna make
sure we know exactly what we want to do
for the video okay so thank you for
being patient thank you for staying
tuned so my mom is actually coming into
town tonight to visit grandpa and just
basically be here the whole time
so tonight really really late at night
we're gonna go over to my Grandma and
Grandpa's house and we're gonna see mom
figured why why not why not we were
planning on going home today because we
didn't know when they were gonna be here
we thought I was gonna be super late but
we decided like let's just stay an extra
night and see grandma grandpa again and
see my mom coming to town because it's
pretty rare that we ever see my mom my
mom she we only see him like a couple
times a year
yeah so we're going to stay an extra day
and we're going to see my mom and yeah
that's that's the situation that's
what's going down al he's really excited
about her makeup can opener I just ate a
cookie and it was really really good I
can't tell you like that cookie like it
was the perfect amount of chocolate and
it was a perfect amount of chip cookie
it was so good
my mom does make the best chocolate chip
cookies but that is a video for today
guys I hope you had a wonderful day what
you want to show them like I guess it's
not the video so hang tight Ellie's
gonna open this up I know that this is
there a--does I know that there's
watching this so yes I know that this oh
it's pretty
I know that this isn't my video where
I'm doing stuff you know this is like
usually for my channel to do stuff with
Jeepers Creepers page so basically when
you do makeup you're just coloring like
it's just coloring on your faces like
their OS smells good look at those
swatches oh my gosh called it wait down
hold it right there
look how beautiful cool yeah I guess
those are pretty good okay now that I've
shown you that thank you for watching
guys have a wonderful night if you
enjoyed watching we do this every single
day so be sure to hit the subscribe
button because we love doing and if you
don't like my hair be nice to me I can't
change it I can go back blonde and
spring set I think Ellie is really
self-conscious about us so I know it's
cute I just don't know if it's cute on
me I gotta get rid of Ellie a good happy
positive comment about her hair because
I know she's thinking oh is that plum B
so thanks for watching guys have a
wonderful night oh we need to do a
handstand because we didn't do one last
eye on Tate we kind of have been dancing
because I can't do handstands oh that's
a good dance that we'll have to do guys
thanks for watching I'll see you
tomorrow
bye bye
by travelpod
