happy happy Sunday from all of us to you
we wish it were our birthday so he could
party to you that was the best smile
ever Jackson you are just you're just
the cutest guy in the world aren't you
yeah oh you're dancing oh look at those
moves oh man we just got home from
church and we are about to make some
dinner Ellie what are we making for
dinner oh I should let me rephrase that
I'm probably not gonna do anything
honestly Allah Ellie is the best cook
what are you making for dinner
okay everybody welcome into my kitchen
here I'm up what's in Ellie's belly I'm
actually gonna do these what's nice
bellies balls balls are in Ellie's belly
what what's an Ellie boys this isn't
what take McKenna no balls and Ellie's
belly these are meatballs that I made
like whole batch it on there frozen so
anyway I just took a batch out and I'm
going to make spaghetti and meatballs
and then I got a salad in there and
that's fine you guys heard it here first
right happy oh I'm s I'm for gesture um
nobody likes them we're not gonna eat
that at least I'm not those are not oral
no don't take those orally you do not
we're having spaghetti and meat the
bowls it's a very nice so I gotta get
that going
little Jackson's good taking that oh he
is about ready for a nap he did so get a
church today didn't he well we haven't
been to church we have a baby I haven't
been to our church because we've been
traveling around visiting family grandpa
grant you know being a grandma I'm
trying to think like where have we been
but we just didn't with family on us
like we just been visiting family over
the weekends yeah months I think fun
like vloggerfair
and New York yeah it's been a long time
but he did so good we were like so proud
of him he just like was having fun
smiling and laughing and been really
still I was really surprised social
social
we I want you that again I won't leave a
cliffhanger people like I hate when
people do that and I did - I like the
clarity because well I hate it but
you're like oh I can't wait to see it
like if you guys ever watch TV shows and
then they're like I'm trying to think of
a good cliffhanger episode but TV shows
- all the time but then you have to wait
an entire week or until the next season
you know what Mad Men had a really you
know cliffhanger and you have to wait
until like April you know there's a huge
way for Mad Men but you guys only have
to wait till the next day which is today
and when guys are we're gonna let you in
on a little secret guys we are
approaching 100,000 subscribers it's
insane and it makes me grateful it's all
because of you guys
yeah like 100 percent it's you and
that's why I feel so grateful is because
we honestly have so many people who want
want to be a part of our lives and I
just look like are you are you trying to
get your hair cut
oh he's pushing it down yet he's looking
he's raised enough that your hair cut
again buddy
but I'm just like I'm so grateful and I
feel so blessed to have this opportunity
to share our lives with people and I'm I
laugh because they're like people really
like to watch it yes I told Jared when
we hope when we started out this all the
youtubes realize anyone who get a watch
it doesn't matter it's gonna be for us
anyway we do a lot of this for art yeah
so we know what's going on or we know
what's happened like in 30 years from
now we're gonna have a record of all of
this it's really fun and but like I told
you when we started at always like
50,000 we will never hit 50,000
subscribers ever like ever and then like
that password was like in my head I
never thought that that would happen so
now it's like a hundred but we have a
project that we want to do
and it entirely involves you guys we
need your help to make this happen
we don't even know quite how we want to
do the video but we figured by us asking
you guys one thing maybe you guys will
be able to like help so we wanna we want
to throw out this idea we feel like a
hundred thousand people that's so many
people and again like I just whenever I
say that like thank you
it's is that real thank you so much gosh
drivin that real-life Justin Timberlake
yeah they thought are so funny um but
what we want to do is we want to make a
video and we want you guys to be a part
of it just like our fifty thousand
subscribers would you don't link down
below see ya yeah we had we had a ton of
people do handstands but what we want to
do and I was telling Ellie I was like I
want to travel the world and that will
never ever happen will never travel the
world you know the way we want to but we
have a hundred thousand people who live
around the world and who can share their
area with us and so we want to do is we
want to make a video of all of you guys
spread around the world telling us where
you live and something like that now
like I said we don't quite know how I
want the video to go but we do know that
one we want all of you guys to be able
to participate because it's you guys you
are the reason without dominating yeah
happening you are the reason this is
happening I hear Ellie and I say what
she's gonna say it's just this weird
yeah I can't words very talk well but
like you guys are why we're celebrating
together it's not just our celebration
it's like our celebration so de la na is
she's so cute I love her that like we
don't really know how we want to go
about so when people says submit their
things like with the hand stamp you guys
did a great job because we figured
people were just to get
I understand but people submitted
pictures which was awesome because it
was all videos some people submitted a
little bit longer videos and likes up
their names so like why they went
watching us and that was really fun so
it was like you guys kind of made the
video so we kind of thought well maybe
if we just tell them what we want and
with your guys's different ideas we
could make a fun video yeah so we're not
gonna have anyone submit anything just
yet we still want to come up with an
idea and we want you guys to help with
the idea like we said yeah we're
approaching it's coming really really
fast yeah they did it well because we
don't know what we're gonna do 100% yet
so like we're gonna have to have them
submit it like well yeah don't rush get
it soon yeah like know what this week
yeah okay don't worry don't worry it's
good we've got it we need to figure it
out we need to solidify I want to be
like this is what we want to do what I
think would be kind of fun is say where
you are or just have like a like tell me
where you're from and then just start
dancing in the video like in an iconic
place where you're from so if you're
from Paris go to the Eiffel Tower and
just like start dancing you know I think
that would be fun by Elly's like well
maybe we should do something different
yeah I don't know but I do but we do
know we want and it doesn't have to be
like if you're from somewhere and you
don't want to like go to the place you
don't have to but I felt like we're from
Utah I want me and Jerry to drive to the
welcome to Utah sign and me and Jarrod
take like a picture there and put that
in the video or like next to the
mountains like the huge yeah there's
something everybody's like oh yeah
Mountain so something that you guys can
think of it could be the park next door
it could be your backyard it could be so
I don't know you guys figure out what
you want to do so yeah that's that's
something what are you what are you
doing over here man I've got to get this
little guy hit pick you up this guy's a
little heavy here's a chunk here's a
chunky monkey we want to make a video we
want you guys to be a part of it because
you're the reason this is happening
right now
just like our fifty thousand video
that's the thing is what I'm not 100%
sure but that's what we want to do we
want to make a video and we want you to
be a part about it stay tuned for
details okay because we need to nail it
down really well I thought that
we didn't talk about this before we
started I thought we were going to tell
what we wanted have them submit it and
then get going on because Jed has to
start editing it soon so if we don't
have them submit it like if we don't
tell them what we wanted what to submit
today we're going to tell you tomorrow
so you'll go and read the comments when
this is up on Monday and then after we
read the comments juror they'll talk
more and then we will tell you on
Tuesday what we want you to submit yeah
not a good idea yeah I think I think
we'll definitely have a nailed down by
it so Tuesday be ready guys kay it's
gonna blow your mind
so Tuesday will tell you what to submit
so I guess tomorrow you guys just talk
this is not how I thought this video was
good well that's what one takers are all
about I guess okay so we just got back
from church we're making dinner Ellie's
making dinner I should probably help
with that a little bit we're gonna video
chat the family I think today could like
we said yes your grandma is not doing
very well so we're gonna try and figure
out just if people are gonna come into
town and stuff and then all of that just
life life is going on and it's crazy
what all is happening but again I just
want to make sure that it's known like
thank you guys so much for allowing us
to do this this crazy thing that's going
on right now you guys are the reason why
we can and I'm so grateful and I feel so
blessed to have this opportunity and you
guys are just wonderful so thank you
from the bottom of our hearts this guy's
heart too and baby me come minimi come
what should we call the baby
Oh heart heart heart ception I think we
should call the baby mini me come what
do you guys think let me know in the
comments down below should you want to
do a handstand I'm kidding I'm totally
kidding thanks for watching guys I hope
you have a wonderful day
yeah we gotta find a way that Ellie can
edit too but oh please that do a belly
show your belly knocks on your belly I
am I'm gonna sure Cypress blocks he
can't see but I do have a belly I'm only
six weeks and whiny never mind that was
I'm in there like I let me still of my
shirt okay she's gonna love to share
that only six weeks I'm only six weeks
and look like this is not my normal
belly like I know it's not big but it's
not like it usually is it's crazy yeah
she's cute isn't she she's pregnant my
wife is pregnant with mini-me come what
do you think Jackson are you excited to
have a sibling okay thanks for watching
guys we'll see you later bye
by travelpod member
