are you guys ready for this yeah do you
know what we're gonna do just fix now
silly silly technical ass couldn't do it
except for us we are gonna go through a
car wash are you sure you're ready for
this in the garden okay Olivia you got
to get in the back we're gonna give you
a bath yeah you stink yeah you're kind
of smelly so I think you need off in the
back and you need to get a bath this is
the best way to do it you'll get so
clean
should we put Boston back there he
stinks
Boston do you want to go in the back get
a bath do you want a bath Emma uh I
think you do
you
here we go gang oh my goodness here we
go what on earth is that
they're just scrubbing the truck it's
okay it's making it all clean yeah this
is the best part are you guys ready for
this
see ya
because the play is gonna play the
haters gonna hate hate hate I'm just
gonna shake shake shake shake shake
shake it off shake it off
please sing Emma I'm just gonna shake
shake shake shake shake shake it off
shake it off yeah dance girls dance oh
boy die she can shake it huh Jackson's
just sitting here spreading his legs
letting his diaper hang low or high hang
why he's just playing with his cousin he
remembers the toys like these or the old
phones like these we used to have an old
phone like this call your other grandma
and say hi grandma miss you miss you
lots Jackson
pretty cuddling with your little girl
your little your little you practicing
with a baby sister baby sister can you
give her a kiss whoa it was a good kiss
you know Joel I think you've got to work
on the rotary girder just right under
there
I think the rotary girder is a little
bit loose no chicken so that's yeah
that's my advice on that the rotary Kirk
the rotary girder that's one thing I
wish I knew more about is cars I know
how to change a tire and you know all
the basic things but like changing brake
pads and everything I have no idea how
to do that and so that's why Joel is
awesome because he knows those things
and I don't but I think knowing like the
basics of car mechanic stuff is a life
tool that because if anything happens
when you're driving down the road oh
yeah I'll fix it I won't you know walk
three miles to the mechanic and see
they can do it I'll just fix it myself I
think that is that is pretty sweet tell
you what Joel you can get a good look at
a butcher's but by sticking your head up
there but wouldn't you'd rather take his
word for it what I mean um you can get a
good look at a t-bone by sticking your
head up apertures but but no wait it's
gotta be it's gotta be your bowl it what
no you can get a good look at a t-bone
steak by sticking your head up a bull's
butt but wouldn't you rather take the
butcher's work that's what it is yeah a
little Tommy boy there all right
screwing those rotary girders a little
tight I think that's what the problem
was they were loose that was the problem
there's a problem yeah yeah I began
recording this but then I realized if it
failed you heard you were trying to get
the time-lapse let's try to get a cool
time-lapse with my camera and I was like
oh yeah this'll be cool gonna be sweet
foot it and then when it didn't go as
planned I thought people that do not
 around I mean that I tell ya I
don't know any other grandma that's
brave enough to be with a bunch of
grandkids let alone bottle tomatoes with
grandkids under the age of 5 mom we're
gonna put these in what we gonna do what
we're gonna do we're gonna put them in a
jar hey Emma
and then grandma's gonna bring them out
to you in the spring okay
ah that's a good idea her grandma and
the kids are candy they picked him too
small they're cannon they're little
Tomatoes tree cutter Hey sure we were
able to slip away for just a second to
the poor boys we slipped away for just a
second room person was like when we'll
go to the house with them all awake yeah
yeah so will we put the baby's asleep we
slipped out let the boys watch the kids
but we have to go to one more stop
before Julie goes back we have to go to
the make up storks we got to get Julie
stocked up on some makeup so I think
we're heading to the MAC store and we're
gonna go pick out some makeup for
this is the funnest part of shoppings
we're getting our lip swatches on I am
loving the hook that one which I don't
have another son to point but Bonnie's
got her hands washed up Jewish watching
up her lips every year yes yeah I love
that that third one up holy cow
hello trim your eyebrows ha ha ha bear
of Aqaba is like oh that eyebrow looks
really pretty
that eyebrows needs to be trimmed just a
little bit just okay we just got Julie
some awesome blush and some lipstick and
she's all set to go for winter and we
thank you
she's saying thank you because we bought
it for her you're welcome um but we we
have to go to one more place before we
go and we always go into the See's candy
shop and we go in and get a chocolate so
after we're a chocolate truffle and then
we'll go save the boys and we'll go play
the kids for the rest of the night you
trying to give him kisses baby Jaxen
pillows are not a very good way to keep
a baby in you'll find a way and you
probably yeah we're gonna have to get a
baby cage and not use pillows or
grandma's house next time
come to shelter come to safety so we're
at my grandma grandpa's house right now
we're about to go in grandpa's not doing
very well at all we just pulled up and
the first thing that we saw is the
American flag every single day in the
morning grandpa would come and he would
post the flag and he would salute it and
every flag that grandpa sees he will
salute it so to me it's just it's really
special to see grandpa's flag still
flying right now especially right you
know especially with how he's doing
right now I think that's why put that
out today cuz grandpa's he's he's not
responding he's not responsive he's
better than now so you know we're coming
to just visit and and see how
everything's going but it just kind of
touched me to see the American flag
there and with everything that he did in
World War two you know he's he's the
definition of patriotism to me great
great great great thinking hmm and look
of course he's got the dr. pepper
bubblegum huh yes are you my sweet all
right mm-hmm
are you so something extra exciting just
happened on our way home and I wanted to
share it so Katie what is now
following me on Twitter and honestly I
like swilled like Nike I think like
Olympic I scaled like a little piggy and
I called my dad and I was like guess it
was following me like and I think it's
just so special because Jared and I like
we have been watching the Shaytards for
years when Jared and I got married we
were in college delayed even before we
were married behind was well yeah you
watched I didn't know about you to be
then but when Jared and I got married we
would lay in bed at night and every
night before we went to bed it was we
would watch the Shaytards and like we've
grown to love him and our families are
very similar and so I always felt like
we connected to him and then you know
and then a few years later like we got
into the YouTube world and then it was
like Bryan Lanning is talking to us for
me Bryan lip Missy's is following me on
Twitter like now we FaceTime Missy and
right and it's like oh my gosh like they
like look you're so cool they like us
and then I knew it's just are so fun to
not only be a part of YouTube but to
have friends
that are on YouTube as well and then
what's even cooler is like there's been
a handful of you guys that you know we
can't follow everybody but there's been
a handful of you guys that you know I've
written letters to and had personal
conversations with with meetups and you
know Bonnie Jones she's been following
us for a long time and I thought I
follow her on Twitter like she's just
been so cute to us and I'm just there
there's just so many other people but
just when I saw Katie LA I was just like
oh my heart stopped I was like that is
so cool like I just and like even hey
Kaley the other day like kami she had
sent me a message I was like a damn on
Twitter and I was like she knows who I
am like she knows who I am and like me
she knows who I am it was just so cool
and I just I don't know I just thought
it was really really special especially
because I we have like been a part of
their lives for so long and like they
may not even realize how much we talked
about anyway I just I just felt like I
just wanted to share because
I kind of just realized yeah it's
exciting so so I was like do I tweeted
why not I don't want to like spam her
but she's following me so I'm like oh
maybe I'll just under like a thank you
like that was so cute of you that I'll
leave I can't tell you how great it is
to walk into your own home and just take
your pants off
isn't that wonderful Ellie oh oh should
be quiet she's sleeping oh no you
jokester you jokester so you're so
pretty nice you're so pretty isn't she
pretty guys oh I just wanted to wake you
up
tell tell them how great it is to come
into your own home and just take your
pants off it did so really good these
are like I've been in these pants all
day whoop
they're gone okay guys that's the vlog
for today thank you so much for watching
you are awesome
we're gonna have a good night together
and we hope you guys do too so stay
tuned for tomorrow what's happening
tomorrow I don't know it's Sunday but
we're gonna have a good day well
sometimes you want acres by think we
have some that's the stuff there to talk
about we're gonna talk about some really
interesting stuff but you have to stay
tuned until tomorrow to figure it out Oh
what is it am I allowed to give a hint
lets you I don't care you do whatever
you want I think Sam and Jen are way
better at dancing than I am that was
really funny okay hands down to that boy
Oh
ultimate okay you guys I know
there's a lot of new new people but you
guys I know how much you like my husband
but his intimates are not for your
viewing
okay through this solid structure
foundation but squeeze road ahead
suitcase hurt hmm thanks for watching
bye
