good morning everyone guess who is here
to join all of you all of my sisters and
my brother every sibling so we're gonna
hurry and get order this is really rude
so Ruby no yeah we can take our time
yeah
so I really wanted to tell you guys
because I always have this question the
number one question I get a lot
especially when I'm with my family is
how many siblings do you have how many
sisters do you have
and like in there too and just like it
just they always ask questions because I
have a big family but there are a lot of
new of you guys following us and so
because all my siblings are here I made
them stand in order and I'm going to
show you guys so that you guys know who
my family is
and remember last time I was pregnant
with Jackson all of my sisters were
pregnant all of them and this time I'm
pregnant my sister-in-law and Lilly's
pregnant and Julie's pregnant so we're
gonna have like another batch of babies
but okay I'm gonna start at the top this
is not on the table yes are all mine yes
so mom you guys are you guys already
know lon
Ruby you guys have met Ruby a few times
that some of you still are like wait is
that your sister
so Ruby is the sister she's the Queen
mama she's got she's got the six babies
at home and then Beau is my brother but
Emily is my sister and that kind of
confuses people because they say well is
she yours you have so many sisters she's
my sister-in-law but really who you know
one really like saying that so she's my
sister but she is my brother's wife so
this this is my sibling duo Bonnie you
guys all know who Bonnie as we did it
you better know who we did a beauty
video today so hello go check it out and
then Julian this is why we are getting
together is Julian lemon medical school
with her husband
me my husband's in school but the you
have to have credit too because you've
been it's so good tonight support so yes
you've been the supporter so Julie and
her husband had been in medical school
and so this is why the whole family's
together it's because Julie's in town
we're gonna go spoil her we gotta go get
our shopping on and Grandpa is home baby
yeah Thank You grandpa you dad
daddy's home babysitting Jared is
working so super Steindl I know dad is
really sad but I really wanted to show
you guys and introduce to you all my
siblings because I always get that
question I'm the youngest of five
there's one boy I've got three older
sisters plus my lovely Emily okay let's
go get our shopping on the one thing
that I definitely wanted to get here was
I wanted to go to lush and get my
massage bar that I used when I was lost
pregnant with Jackson for my belly and
so I definitely want to come in here and
get another one and Julia has never
tried the massage bar so I think she's
gonna try on her belly and if she likes
it she's gonna get one as well but this
is the massage bar that I got last time
I was pregnant at Jackson it is the
therapy lavender oil massage bar so
that's it that's what I use and it
lasted the whole nine months that's why
I need to get today this is how me and
my sisters work we are all walking
around with envelopes with envelopes
full of cash and I found this awesome
jacket this little fake leather jacket
for the winter and what it is is if you
spend like 60 bucks then you get a free
sweater because Julie is in medical
school every time she comes into town a
sister's a mom we always just trying to
have her have a wonderful weekend so I
was like all by my jacket and I'll spend
the money and then I'll give you the
free sweater so Julie just picked out a
red free sweater
city no oh oh you got the same thing
Emily's getting the same thing that's
okay right we can all look the same on
beach right now see so Julie picked out
a red sweater sweater okay we're ready
to go and you you guys are getting short
okay let's go buy our stuff I find this
very inappropriate I find it very
informative propria twenty-fives
inappropriate this seriously is the
funnest store ever I showed you guys
last time I was here at this city place
it's just a huge body store that's a big
gummy bear that is a big gummy but you
could eat like we are having so much fun
and East or this is like right up my
family's alley we are we have the
biggest sweet tooth you would ever know
this is so fun mom's even got candy
mom's even has a bunch of yeah
grandma always gives treats to grandkids
Jackson your neck you got bottle and
grandma gave you some chocolate this is
a kid store and you got some
dingleberries and shreddy ball as well
Bonnie
Merry Christmas guru oh good no no fit
where I kept it Oh
oh my gosh it's like 10 pounds look at
the baby like it Oh
Bonnie's triangle Jax is naked beautiful
that's funny
she's showing me and you know it plus
four years if you're happy and you know
it stomp if you're happy then your face
will surely show it if you're happy and
you know it then your face will surely
show it if you're happy and you don't
Jackson in the car you choose one so
what are we good I'm gonna make some
macaroni and kiss pepper get you through
the kitchen and then we're okay
participation get Chinese food that's
the best way to do it Bonnie's
entertaining the kids mom's making mac
and cheese we're to get the kids in bed
and then we are due today
yummy yummy takeout tonight Jackson has
been loving more than anything playing
with cousins he had just been going
around grandma's house he just goes
where everyone he's over here playing
with juice on the floor he's over there
playing your cousin
and next thing I know I'm gonna probably
be in the sugar in the bowl eating a
sugar when me and all my sisters were
pregnant and when we all get together
and we have all those little pregnant
babies when we had them all at the same
time together we try and get pictures of
them we're missing our sweet little Eve
she's not here but all the boys are here
so these are all of the boys that were
born and Boston is 17 months
Cooper's 15 months in Jackson's nine
months and I'm pretty sure Jackson's
probably the heaviest out of all of them
but I just I just wanted to do a quick
shot because this is kind of for our own
record twos is when they're all next to
each other how cute is that so anyway
okay they can all go now
I just wanted get a quick shot of all
the boys lined up but it's really fun
when all the kids are together but in
next week we'll get all the kids the
little evil be here too and that will
make it so all four of the girls and
we're all pregnant how all four of
Debbie do you want to know why I like
coming to Grandma and Grandpa's house is
you have the whole ceiling to throw him
how high the ceiling is it is so high
you have so much room for activity so
much room for activities I've been the
zoki oh you see you're so cute
okay let's go eat dinner everyone say it
with me no no no no no no no
when the kids are in bed when the kids
go to sleep hmm
the real food comes out party look hot
doesn't go with your Chinese food hey
mom
if yours does at least I owe everyone I
saw every second okay mom's got a cool
yeah happening you're taking a drink to
bath and when you put it down the drink
shoves to the bottom of the bubbles come
up so when you Ruby ruined her food both
women today's mom ruined hers Julie
ruined her his dad you just drink all in
one I'm guess I'm only smart when I have
a kid right
we've ruined all right I do everything
others are as experienced as you are I
just gotta love that
that is funny caught ya you ruined your
difference what did you just yet oh my
goodness you're up way past your bedtime
and you're sneaking a treat how is that
possible Kevin fight ah you sure
apparently you don't have family
apparently our whole group of friends
went over to my house because my parents
were out of town and seeing silly
creatures that we were we played in the
ball and by the night it was pretty
obvious that Brian and I were into each
other we had to show my family Brian and
this is how we met video and of course
all of us have like oh my why
oh sorry the draw my life video and of
course everyone had like tears on their
eyes because like it was such a cute
video like my parents are like has
everyone seen this is everyone seen this
and it's like I am the one that found it
first
I know long time ago hey are you
seriously my mom's like have you guys
watched this before and I was like no
and then when I was with Bryan and Missy
in at vloggerfair
I was like wait you guys divorced at one
point she's like haven't you seen my
draw my life it is the sweetest story
you will ever see so if you haven't seen
the electrical watch up but I think we
have to end the vlog so I'm gonna
continue our party - we're gonna get but
we'll continue party you know you guys
not treat we got ha ha don't wait okay
Jared Oh dad's getting ready dad's doing
it Oh somebody looks to me like oh yeah
oh yeah okay
hey old men a hip problem that problem
old man problem one - Jared a dad win
dad win ma dad
member
