can I just tell you guys how wonderful
and amazing my beautiful wife is she is
so incredible when I said when I woke up
this morning I said Ellie I've got like
a bunch of work to do that I need to
finish up well you just hang out in
Jackson's room sit in this wonderful
amazing comfy couch and Jackson's gonna
play here I need to get all my work done
and then once I'm done with all my work
I'm gonna do the dishes I'm gonna clean
up the living room I'm gonna take out
the garbage I'm gonna clean the bathroom
I'm gonna do the laundry and my
beautiful wonderful amazing incredible
wife where are you there you are oh my
gosh I get out of the room too when I'm
done with work and look the kitchen is
already clean all of our lights are put
back I've still got to take that stuff
back but Ellie like did everything for
me Ellie you're so great well honestly
they'll put the rest of the damn city
I'm supposed to really take it easy and
yesterday I didn't but I just figured
all get started help you and then you
can take him and all the rest the rest I
am just so grateful for her because she
makes life so easy like I am so grateful
and you know what you know who I should
be thanking what
Ellie's mom thank you for instilling
these life awesome lessons in your sweet
daughter of my beautiful wife because
she's awesome and she's a wonderful
mother
and then um to tilt Estella and I'm the
best right I'm in the worst moment
haha don't even we're not even gonna say
why Jackson he still smells like tea
tree he got my lush so he was sucking on
it he must have like so oh my gosh it
totally does at least you've got pretty
decent breath right he must have liked
it because he was gone to town on that
thing that's what I wanted to tell you
guys I hope you have a good morning and
welcome to the vlog
so to continue on with what we
originally planned Jackson and I are out
running errands while mom is at home
taking a nice warm bath I made her relax
get off your feet just hang out chill
have a wonderful enjoyable time while
Jackson and I take care of everything
that we need to to make sure you don't
have to do that Ellie so me and my boy
here finished up at Walmart we got all
the groceries and it's actually two of
my brothers-in-law
brother-in-law's brothers in-laws
birthdays that's kind of a weird
sentence to say it's their birthdays
today so happy birthday Kevin and Gary
I'm actually going to take a milkshake
to Kevin because it's his birthday and
he's not feeling very well Gary I would
take you one but New York is like 2,200
miles away and I'm pretty sure it would
melt by then but anyway I am just about
done with all my errands guys I feel
pretty good I feel pretty accomplished
it's not even 1 o'clock yet we've got
the whole day ahead of us we're gonna
have a good time today are you ready to
rock Jackson are you ready to rock buddy
should we do this huh
should we do this let's go quit running
errands Tucker him out are you getting
ready to take another now oh how
precious
when we were at Walmart there's a kid
walking down the road and the kids
smiled at him okay I'm walking down the
aisle and the kid smiled at him and
Jackson laughed harder than like I've
ever heard him he was like full-on belly
laughing I don't know what this kid did
but he was just like Jubal long no no
she no she was just like I'm just
looking at the stuffier tickles of a boy
yeah well I look back and the kid was
like he loved it this little kid is so
social and I love it I'm so grateful he
usually doesn't it's not much of a
smuggler right now I'm gonna close these
blinds
nice relaxing in back in here good night
only because you can play with my hair
he likes okay well you put Jackson to
bed I'm gonna put these groceries away
the funny thing is is Ellie loves
putting their groceries away
she loves putting the groceries on the
conveyor belt she does it in a certain
way so that goes in the bags a certain
way and then when we go home she has to
put the groceries away too because I
guess I put them away wrong - I don't
know it's kind of funny just these
little niches that Ellie has I love I
think it's so funny all right guys I am
sitting here with my buddy down and say
what's up how's it going so Dallin and
his buddies have their own video
production company and they're showing
me all of their awesome toys we're
getting my DSLR set up on their glide
cam they got a phantom and where there's
where's the mobile movi this is like the
craziest thing in the world
look at this yeah Ellie I think I know
what I want for Christmas they they've
got some these are the coolest things we
were just playing with this I mean it
smooth as butter like you know is you're
just speechless so cool okay I'm gonna
see if I'll fill them a little bit and
I'll put that footage in right now I'm
gonna I'm gonna take yeah you look like
you want to be if you does not want to
be in there so that I feel me straight
on it doesn't matter
yeah just whatever so this is the DSLR
here I'm just gonna zoom around yeah oh
I've got a spinet you got a spinner yeah
a lot of people are saying like I'm
gonna I'm gonna vlog here a lot of
people say you have to like practice
like there's so much practice involved
with this even just like sitting right
here it's kind of tearing back and forth
and there's definitely a walk I mean
you've got to do the ninja walk
am i doing good yet am i doing good am i
doing good oh yeah Jared really isn't
happy this is the kind of stuff that
he's always loved he's always about
technology stuff but like especially
haven't we've gotten into YouTube he's
like I would love to do something with
like producing this is so cool so fun
awesome hey buddy
hey what is what are all these kids on
big sticks and everything seems like I'm
familiar okay this one is called the
movi and it's like $5,000 good don't
drop it
you can't drop it the grip on this is
amazing look at this it's like following
my every move look watch the car go
let's put down the yellow Mouse I don't
know I should her window is down I
should have like jumped in a window and
you know whose birthday it is as well
Elly oh and a little oboe it's your
birthday today happy birthday how can I
forget you and you're deaf have the same
birthday so Jackson has prepared a song
to sing to you on your birthday
go ahead Jackson go ahead
any time now go ahead and sing your song
he must be a little camera shy that's
really weird because he's been in front
of a camera like every single day of his
life and he usually just works out happy
birthday yeah he's he's been learning
the song and he knows that really well
Jackson time to sing I can't believe
he's gonna you're gonna start saying I
don't know what it is can you believe it
look at all this baby food that we're
gonna take Ellie's sister and
brother-in-law my mission companion are
coming to Utah where we met we met
that's how we met thank you Landon and
Julie for bringing us closer together we
are gonna go see them this weekend and
we're super excited are we gonna go
shooting the guys I really hold I do
really we're not gonna go on this trip
no this tomorrow is Girl's Day all my
sisters were all gone shopping and then
later in the month they're doing a boys
day where they'll get together and they
go practice and we shoot our shotguns we
take our peace dollars and shoot them up
in the air of course we practice safety
we where we have fun and we are safe
with our peace bolas then we shoot them
up on my yacht Hey trapshooting is a lot
of fun I think it's time for bath Oh
do I smell bad I've held them once
des and I could tell I could feel it I
was getting my hands stuck in the strap
I was getting really sharp pains and I'd
say oh why are you really shouldn't hold
them so I only hold in flight just a
second in the day but I don't think he
wants it oh I think he's hungry I was
eating him ah maybe he should eat some
carrots are you playing she loves me not
does that taste good
she loves me she loves me not
Macie dan loves me Mesa keen loves me
not Rory likes me Rory loves me not a
Jedi likes me jelly that's me not well
guys I think that is the vlog today the
order to go ahead and end it with a
yummy yummy dinner one of my all-time
favorites it's just chicken and rice oh
you know you can't get much better I
like that's that's good it really is
like one of my favorite dinner this is
BYU UCF so BYU just scored a touchdown
and then and then they got the ball back
then they got the ball back and then
they punted it and got the recovery on
that scored a touchdown and then they
just intercepted it again oh wait
there's a flag bad shoot I'm gonna go
ahead and end the vlog but I do feel
really good today I was able to rest
quite a bit yesterday I really overdid
it I the doctor did tell me to not lift
anything is so pretty much Jackson he's
like don't lift anything more than a
carton of milk and so yesterday I mean
it's hard to not hold your baby like
when you're taking care of your child
how do you like not hold him you know or
like when he's like into stuff and
you're picking him up so yesterday I
overdid it I definitely had spotting and
I wasn't feeling well yesterday but
today I'm Jarrod was really good
and and helped me out a lot a lot today
so it's been really nice having a lot of
health especially from Jared and today I
feel really good and yeah I think that's
it we're anything
Jared anything at all thank you guys for
all the positive comments like
everything like the past week has been
like very positivity over here it's been
very it's been so good like everything
that we've done and everything that you
guys have done like it just makes me so
grateful so thank you guys so much for
your input your advice your nice
comments or our stories yeah it's fun
for us to read within the company
counter yeah that's one of the best it's
not fun vlog I'm sorry but three
touchdowns in a matter of like what four
minutes less than that we are trying to
tell people we're grateful for we're
joined on 100% and they can see that we
are fun hearing other people's stories
this is really really cool and it means
a lot so we are grateful for that yeah I
got a yeah yeah I'm not doing handstands
anymore um I mean lease until you're
like six or seven months right no I
don't know we're gonna have to think of
something else to end the vlog I do
think that's fun to have something
specific to end the vlog it makes it
kind of fun oh my gosh I can't believe
we just started watching it just now
like we've barely just turned it on and
three touchdowns okay Jared they don't
care or go you see yes if that's who
you're cheering for yeah I use what's a
good handstand just like to see a good
game okay see you guys tomorrow I'm
gonna be with all of my sisters all of
them all my sisters cuz the longest ever
