good morning everybody how are you doing
today actually it's not even close to
morning
it's like nighttime isn't it it's not
o'clock it's 9 o'clock at night and it's
throwback Thursday
it's all glad that you're happy because
we're not gonna be talking about the
happiest story I got a second it's not a
sad story but it's just kind of its
introspective it makes you think should
we talk all our life I don't know I like
this lighting it makes me feel like oh
yeah I'm like good lighting right now we
have been filming all day today for a
video that we were asked to do and I'm
really excited to see how it turns out I
have to edit it tonight so we'll see how
it goes but we wanted we actually threw
it out on Twitter we asked hey what do
you guys want to hear about and last
throwback Thursday I talked about we
talked about motivational Steve oh yeah
that was that two weeks ago I don't know
you guys remember motivational Steve
anyway we talked about motivational
Stephen how positive he was and oh okay
I'll take is he right next to talk about
motivational Steve we're talking about
or I had mentioned something about how
it really meant means a lot to Jarrod to
be positive yes and it really he was
always that way son happened as a child
and not necessarily something happened
as a child but well I mean something
happened that click clicked in my mind
and in my head and in my brain and in
your heart that things needed to change
so I remember when I was like 12 years
old this is like the tipping point of
when everything happens so it was
probably between 10 and 12 years old so
I wasn't that old but I definitely knew
what I was old enough that I was lived a
good life I mean 10 years old is like
yeah 10 years old and I knew what I was
doing I knew what I was thinking you
know is just I wasn't some dumb kid I
was acting stupid but you know you know
I think a lot of kids go through a lot
of these things but it's very important
to know that there's a way to help you
know to get help
I was very negative towards myself not
really towards others but towards myself
I thought I was dumb I thought I did
things the wrong way I never thought
anything would
amount to anything for me like I never
thought I'd be on the baseball team I
never thought I'd get you know go to the
dances I never thought I was just like
nothing is ever going to happen to me
that is good and worthwhile and I told
myself that over and over and over again
and I was just so negative thinking back
about it makes me sick
did you really make it about your
appearance no I was good-looking no and
honestly obviously you you were just
negative at the thought that well it's
oh good yeah I just thought like I
wasn't smart I did things stupid like um
I would walk into the bathroom and the
light was already on and I'd flip the
switch just out of habit and it would
turn off and I'd be like why did I do
that that's so stupid
Jared you're so dumb why did you flip
the switch off it was already on to
begin with I would say silly things like
that but it would it would I would be
really down on myself and I'd be really
hard on myself because of it as far as
like physical appearance I never really
had never really affected me all that
much because um I don't know I think
just not that I knew I was like
good-looking but I had really bad teeth
like I had yie bad teeth like they were
really crooked I had like teeth up here
I had extra teeth up here but for some
reason that never had any I mean I was I
worried about it but it didn't like
affect my attitude or my friendship kid
anyone maybe other people's other people
didn't like me because it was but it was
just me it was definitely like all up in
my head and you know my parents were
really worried about me they really
really were and they were like what can
we do Jared is just being so negative
towards himself and it wasn't fun it was
not fun at all I'm just sick of being
around you well who wouldn't be probably
I mean it's bad enough being a 12 year
old boy and having a bad attitude is not
very fun um I mean like I played sports
I did music like I was you know I
considered myself like a very talented
person but I was so hard on myself like
really really bad
just a bad attitude and so the first
thing I remember is basically my parents
down with me and talking with me about
it and say hey dude like what's what's
going on what's on your mind is I don't
I don't know I just don't like the way
things are going nothing will ever come
to fruition for me Oh Chad that's not
true at all
and yeah I I don't tell this to like
very many people at all like this is
like insider information that's coming
out and so I hope you guys are okay if
you're this it's not really embarrassing
but it might be a little bit I saw a
psychiatrist once just once and he
opened up my mind like not my hated like
open it up but he made me think a
different way and and my dad did and my
brother did a lot they definitely helped
me think and the biggest thing about it
is that you have a choice attitude is
everything
my dad burned it in me that attitude is
everything and you have a choice for
your attitude you can choose to have a
bad attitude and you can choose to have
a positive attitude now that doesn't
mean that things can't be bad and things
aren't necessarily good and you can
still be sad I have to tell Jared
sometimes oh yeah I suggest obese I have
a mad moment it's totally natural and
I'm a I'm a firm believer in that there
is opposition in all things if there's
you know something that is so wonderful
you can also have something that's so
terrible but how you react to it is very
important and basically this this doctor
that I worked with just once he showed
me that my mind is so powerful it with
math with memory with so many different
things and I was just like holy cow I
just need to think that I'm you know
good like it's kind of funny if you
smile in the mirror if you're having a
bad day and you smile in the mirror for
like 30 seconds you'll start to feel how
no that's funny is Bonnie mentioned this
in her vlog the other day but my mom
ingrained this and me as a child she
always was like you literally sometimes
have to fake it till you make it it's
yeah it's trick my mom used to tell me
she's like if you're not happy you just
you
put a smile on your face just be happy
you pretend that you're happy and go so
in 20 minutes you'll be laughing you be
happy so sometimes as blunt it as it is
it's true it will work and may take some
time for others but the biggest thing
about it is our minds are so powerful
and they can think things negatively and
positively and the most important thing
is you have to be positive you have to
trust yourself you have to love yourself
because you guys and it's totally
motivational Steve
you guys can do it like you guys there
are so many things going on in the world
right now that seem hard and that you're
going through so strong oh yeah they are
hard and that you guys are going through
so many struggles but if you take it one
step at a time and you physically and
mentally go through it you will do it
and you will achieve it there's so many
things that we can do if we put our mind
to it and it's easy to say like towards
other people but like us and our life
Jarrid constantly the other day like you
would like Ellie's snap out of it Ellie
just be happy and I was like I want to
be mad like we are constantly telling
each other like it's okay we'll get over
it it's not a big deal like we're very
blessed like um like what worried even
like having a pickle about the other day
like I don't even know time Tommy I
manage time time is so hard because
everyone's going to school everyone's
going to work everyone has a family
everybody's busy everybody's tired and
good grief everybody's hungry and it's
just we just have to remind each other
like let's just stop for a minute and
breathe so yeah so like are our vlog
today was kind of just a little bit
about Jared and your little backs yeah
again so to sum up you know I was really
negative towards myself and my family
and friends and other people helped me
to realize that happiness is a choice
though cherchez Carla for you you can
choose to be happy mm-hmm and if you
work at it
you can achieve it and that goes for
everything not just happiness not just
your job not
your family but everything and sometimes
it's hard work to be naked well and
sometimes it's hard work to be passive
yeah both ways I'm a firm believer in in
the power of like verbally stating
things like I know I can do this I am
happy and I know if you guys do that
that you'll be happy too that you will
do these things and you guys will live
happier more blessed lives and I know
because it happened to me like it's just
so crazy to think back like I'm
embarrassed to think like that when you
ask people like who jared is like they
say oh yeah he's the happy-go-lucky guy
that's always possible like your mother
like always saying that so when I think
back and I am like look back to when I
was negative
like it really makes me physically sick
like I can't believe that happened like
I can't believe I did that
so you guys can do it you guys can be
happy and I know that I know it it so go
look in the mirror and smile at yourself
who did he said to me this morning yes I
did I actually did say that this morning
I was cutting Jarrod's hair and I told
Jared I said this happened the last
pregnancy it's like the moment you get
pregnant the moment you're pregnant you
feel like he's not leaving sick like you
feel ugly the moment you're pregnant
this morning I was cutting his hair and
I was like oh gods aren't
ahh my face is dry and tie in well like
I'm I'm already uncomfortable like my
pants were annoying me and I was sitting
there complaining and I told you I said
I don't like this I don't like that I'm
mad like I just want to be happy but I
just want to be mad for a minute and
he's like just be quiet he's like I
didn't think so he's yeah he said just
quiet and just smile for 20 seconds just
down there sweat so I cut his hair I was
like cut you guys like my hair I've been
wearing a hat all day so I'm it doesn't
look very good but but I think it looks
awesome yeah I I smiled but yeah we all
need the little encouragement so that's
our vlog for you I hope you enjoyed it
and I'm really looking forward to this
pregnancy me too I feel I feel um good
today with our little videos if like I
overdid it oil and so now I'm just like
to take a break so now I am okay thanks
for watching guys have a wonderful day
and we'll see you in the next video bye
bye
