and to make their grand entrance this
morning Jackson the crowd goes wild
hey buddy how are you Oh green beans
give my tiny tiny tiny bit yahoo she's a
hot okay I mean he might just squish it
at his hand you did hell no on it what
do you do get any yeah what do you think
of that green bean this is probably the
worst thing to do to give it to him on
the carpet with this an but he's losing
beans all over the place
oh yeah here I'll just feed it to you
okay I don't think he likes it
daddy you clean him up sorry I made the
mess I feel okay this morning last night
Jared told you guys I'd started spotting
again I'd had a really crazy day because
I'm the one that called my doctor
I actually was eating dinner I called
the hospital and I said you need to have
him call me like I'm spotting I'm
getting no help so he called me he
figured some things out this morning we
called I have an ultrasound it too and I
am I'm going to be on progesterone too
I told my doctor I said I really feel
like I should be on it because I was
with it with Jackson and it couldn't
hurt any and he goes yeah when you get
your ultrasound done if there's a baby
in the sack then yep that's good let's
get you on progesterone I was just like
I am pregnant we assume that there's a
baby in the sack like I'm gonna be on
progesterone so he goes yeah yeah yeah
let's get up for you so I was kind of
frustrating but anyway he got me on
progesterone and everything is smooth
sailing as of right now I still I'm just
trying to just sit this morning I got a
little spruced up because we are going
to get an ultrasound done so I got
you've gotta took a bath what would be
ultrasound well I I took a bath I
brushed my hair i doused it in dry
shampoo and you know what that makes you
feel good yeah yeah I think that helps
you feel better yeah so I got all ready
but I've just been sitting the most part
and I'm going to sit pretty much all day
like I just want to have my feet up and
just rest yesterday was a very stressful
day Hey on a brighter note let's go get
your ultrasound oh yeah we've got to go
in like two minutes
yes how full is your bladder hurt so bad
don't throw up in the car just like you
did last time
seriously though don't throw up a night
if you guys don't remember the last time
not the last time but one time we went
to belches I'm gonna pee my pants
Ellie totally threw up in the car that
was when we were trying to find out what
you were oh you hold him okay cuz I'm
trying to oh yeah you gotta stay off
your feet and I take it easy take a
chill pill calm down a little bit hey
let's go see this baby you ready little
bit a little bit a little bit of element
seriously though Ellie I have this for
you just in case oh my gosh so you need
to hold on to that that's your job you
need to not hold onto the log camera how
you drive I really I just guzzle and I
should have learned my lesson from last
time but I had to have a full bladder
I'll hold this here just in case
I realize I should be not now Jackson
this is your sibling do you know that
you're gonna be a big brother I think
it's gonna be a girl right there she's
strong holy schnikeys can you believe
that no we just left the ultrasound
clinic and I am relieved I'm excited I'm
thrilled I cannot believe it it's a
miracle I feel like it's now officially
official like officially I just cannot
believe my little baby the doctor was
like honestly we usually don't even see
the baby's heartbeat at this stage of
where you're at well how far along are
you
I'll tell them okay so he goes I fill
with maybe like how small I was he was
able to like get in there and see better
as what he said but I found a small five
weeks five days pregnant with a little
baby that has the cutest heartbeat you
ever did hear it was the cutest
heartbeat it was hmmmm what do you think
boy or girl oh I am feeling it's a
little Eva girl I kind of have the same
feeling too I think it's a girl I can't
hope it's a girl but at the same time I
think would be so cool for Jackson to
have a little buddy to play with so
close oh it's so funny we never got any
of this when we were playing with
Jackson but it could because we didn't
have as many like people and as many
opinions but with Jackson we used to say
we would love him more if it was a boy
we used to say won't love this be what
what we said while we say it was like we
thought it doesn't matter we just want a
healthy baby
we might love him a little more if he's
a boy but it was so funny to hold a joke
totally key 100% about three years to
get pregnant we were kidding baby you
kind of are serious huh whoa but no we
feel a healthy baby
we that's all that matters we're so
happy I got my progesterone we are gonna
go celebrate can I tell you one thing on
the count of three ready one two three
there's it wait a second we're on the
different thing we're thinking different
I was thinking this is exciting
Jackson tomorrow so let's picture cry
little do exciting for Jackson okay
don't cry we are gonna celebrate we're
gonna go get me a big hefty steak
because that would be really yummy and
healthy for me from the boys are out
sheets and rittany I don't know when
I'll be home
so we're gonna go get steak and then I
am Oh doctor's instructions were I still
am going to bleed he said he saw a lot
of blood and that it was draining and he
said does your back hurt because I even
see it in your back and so he said that
um
it's common comment so he said to stay
rested he's not too concerned yet if it
continues to bleed they would put me on
bed rest but he said just don't lift
anything collecting my little Jackson
and but just to be sit still so we're
going to go eat and when we go home I'm
just going to kind of said rise to the
night and I'm so pumped you're probably
going to take this time to watch all
your Kardashian shows aren't you yeah
what's that show me in this you've been
catching up on I went on an outlander
she's going to be tick that I even
forgot that I've been watching Outlander
and it's actually been kind of goods
maybe I'll catch up on that at my
YouTube's
okay let's go eat I am happy I got a
hold on the steering wheel every time we
went out to eat and we would get straws
with a little wrapper on it we would
play a little game if that lands on the
right it's a boy there lands on the left
girl it's a girl it's on the right we're
gonna have a boy how funny is it that
like how many straw wrappers do you
think we went through hundreds and now
we're doing all over ago yeah this is
crazy this is so crazy to me I love it
my mother I love it you love this
I'm excited this is what I call
celebrating I got my baby I got my other
baby I have got a loaded sweet potato
I've got my husband I've got gravy
potatoes a steak ribs
what am I getting a salad and we're
gonna this is what I call
celebrating yeah I would agree this is
definitely a celebration I can't wait
for that that looks good Oh bless you
thank you
he smiles uh-huh I'll share my potatoes
and then
you see his face he likes I got you good
night
take a night in the tub but you know
good thank the men while Ellie is
supposed to stay calm and relaxed and
get her feet off the ground and
everything I have taken upon myself to
make dinner and make her feel
comfortable and do everything I can for
her and right now I'm actually making
dinner and it's kind of funny Ellie has
been craving a few things she's been
craving steak chilies chips and salsa
and soup and so I figured I'd make some
soup tonight and it's actually really
convenient because plated they've
actually sent us a few different meals
and one of them happens to be soup it's
a roasted apple butternut squash soup
and Ellie thought that sounded really
good so that's what I'm making right now
so I've got my herbs all cut up already
I've got the onions I've got the squash
and apples and olive oil I'm just about
to throw that in the oven to cook it up
a little bit and start the soup going I
just took the squash and the apples out
of the oven and I put them in the pot
and now that's gonna boil and I'm
actually pretty proud of myself I only
dropped a few things on the ground and
on the stove so I'm doing okay I think
I'm hanging in there guys all I can say
is I'm glad we're doing what's in
Ellie's belly and not what's in Jared's
belly because that is so much better at
cooking than I am but I think it's doing
I think it's okay I think it's doing all
right I can follow a recipe I just am
not very good but be sure to check out
Ellie's video on her channel it's her
first episode in series that she's
calling what's in Ellie's belly and it's
kind of cool because there's actually
something in Ellie's belly now the first
episodes about making chicken scampi and
while we were filming we have no idea
that Ellie was pregnant so it's pretty
cool it's kind of funny so we ordered a
couple of meals from plated and it's
pretty cool because if you use the link
down below you can get a dish
on your order of plated - so be sure to
check that out hmm I think it looks like
the picture I don't know you guys tell
me does it look okay good okay better
pretty good I'm gonna go take it in to
Ellie and see what she thinks that's
going to be the ultimate test is the
taste test and I know Ellie is feeling
like really nauseous right now so this
is probably the worst thing in the world
to do right now but let's just find out
let's go poke the bear let's see here
I've got an australian crocodile here
and i'm gonna see what she does when I
poke her okay yeah oh that actually does
look good is my presentation okay yeah
that's so cute I'm reading all the
comments so everyone's been so cute
you look so cute you just look like
you're all cuddle up ready to read a
book oh well good that's not for soup is
it oh not used to spices it's good
though is it yeah I'm the champion
my friend and I'll keep on cooking
Sylvia's baby doodoo okay guys I think
that's it for tonight I think we're
gonna call it a night Ellie I have
strict orders from the doctor that you
can't do any handstands okay so I'm
gonna do a handstand right now okay here
we go ready thank you guys for watching
I will see you in the next video bye-bye
