good morning guys so Ellie actually just
got back from the hospital this morning
and she's already got her blood work
done and now we're just waiting one
thing that she asked me to do the one
thing that she's asked me to do this
weekend is will you make me some french
toast and so that's exactly what I'm
doing right now I've got some french
toast going for her so I can make her
some breakfast in bed
I'm not really that great of a cook so
I'm anxious to see how this turns out
but I've got this right here for Ellie
so I'm gonna bring this into her and now
let's go see what she finds out and get
a little bit more information about how
when at the hospital this morning so
let's see if I can do this
careful careful careful
dee dee dee dee dee dee dee doo dee doo
dee doo good morning family
I brought you french toast he's like
where's mine good morning sweetheart
ha ha ha how'd it go oh my god they
spoke my skin I didn't tell you this
morning
um they were confused about the reason
why I was going in um and she was like
ghent me to grab that plate uh yeah
that's okay she was like she had to have
some weight here she had to have some
lady come in and read the writing of the
doctor and she's like what is this you
can never read doctors handwriting right
well she's like what does this need and
she said spontaneous abortion and all I
heard was abortion and I was like what
like it just is a stressful morning at
the hospital too everybody was running
around and it was just kind of a mess
but you're just like I just need my HCG
levels that's all are you taking my
blood um but no I took my blood I'm
gonna call in an hour I'm gonna get
ready oh really in an hour that's it yep
and then that's a lot sooner than I
thought it would be
and um yeah they should find out soon so
I'm gonna eat gonna get ready I'm gonna
call in and then me and you are going to
go do something we've got a few things
that we're gonna do today that I'm
really excited about so are you ready is
the question are you ready mr. milk
mouth okay I've got to go flip mine
because they're probably burned okay I
have to admit this site is pretty dang
here to see no Jackson's kick in his leg
this here's my plate he's staring at it
this is his
food this is mine that one's yours
Jackson's starting to eat all adult food
now he's starting to eat what we eat
kind of a little crazy my bed is a
little mess with crumbs on it but good
thing we have to wash the sheets anyway
are you ready to do this yes I'm just
getting the number I feel really good
here you don't I I'll be honest I my
heart is racing right now I'm really
nervous I I just figure if I'm a speaker
Bob all morning you've been I'm like you
know let's just we'll have to see how it
goes I'm just supposed to call to see
what my blood work looks like um you
guys tested my HCG levels okay thank you
bye he has to call oh he is quicker
calling back but we gotta wait a little
bit more and your family we're on pins
and needles do you know anything it's
been well over an hour and we are just
not gonna sit on the couch and wait any
longer so we'll just have to keep an eye
out for my ear
wait keep an eye on for your ear we're
just gonna have to remind it back we're
just gonna have to listen out for my
phone through and the doctor calls so
let's get going and have a fun video say
fun activities plan and we're gonna have
a good day
come on my date to a pumpkin look at his
little shirt here you don't need a binky
does that give you idea of where we're
going
hello jack-o'-lantern
I'm not sure if you guys knew this but
I'm kind of an amazing pumpkin Carver
throw the clips and throw them right now
show them the pictures ready go
this one's me this one's Abraham Lincoln
this one drying shrew not very good
because the pumpkin was wrong but this
one's bane
oh yeah bane I forgot about babe Jude is
the best pumpkin Carver and he is not
kidding around but this is not why we're
here is not for you mister we are here
for Jackson because last year when I was
pregnant and it's a picture now um I we
were like we can't we each come with
Jackson yeah he's just a little bit
aloof I just walk around
sure how about since we had fun with
Jackson we go and do some fun adult
things that go looking furniture oh I
thought you said fun and all things I am
excited to look at couches actually oh
let's go let's go yeah I know I want to
guess the fifth member of our home okay
I think Elly's kind of freaking out
right now because you're lying I'm not
lying to you
so we just had a delivery at the doorway
and I want to show you what came well
look how pretty those are
Kelly they're not from me I'm not lying
to you about that they're not for me but
I do know who they're from
just do me to tell you I'm gonna have
you read the cards kay do you like them
yes oh my gosh
April Elliott Jared just to brighten
your day we are praying for you guys and
wish you in your sweet family all the
success in the world love the Oracles Oh
Davey our friends and specifically our
friends that we met on YouTube that they
live here in Utah April from heroin oh
one though is so sweet of her oh gosh
Ellie I hope these brighten up your day
like you brighten up ours we love you
love Matt Emily
Carter and drink sir oh my brother and
his wife and their family sent flowers
too that was so thoughtful thank you
what Matt Emily I wish you were here for
me awesome
these are great how pretty are those are
you surprised yeah do you have any ideas
oh thank you guys that honestly means a
lot to Ellie so thank you so much for
saving those my day ha Jackson it
doesn't make our day and believe it or
not we're still waiting to hear from the
doctor it is weird it's 4:30 and we
still haven't heard yet so we're just
like on pins and needles just waiting
our family our friends Twitter everyone
is exploding everyone likes have you
heard have you heard have you heard
no Jared doesn't say Zach ha I guess I
have to go the bathrooms well he's gonna
tell the story uh Jared me and Jared
went to our see Willie we're looking at
furniture and then
we came all the way back up like 15 20
minutes and then I was like oh I want
chilli chips and salsa so we drove back
15 20 minutes got chips and salsa drove
home 15 20 minutes kind of crazy but
thanks for doing that for me that tells
me that you have to be pregnant because
you had that major craving you're like I
need chillies chips and salsa so I'm
like please be pregnant sleep well we
are free right that's right but I'm not
you mean so anyway you go to the
bathroom and the doctor should be
calling by 5:00 the latest you like your
pumpkin you like your pumpkin Hey
hey pumpkin make your pumpkin this is
what we look like around here Jarrod's
in one couch sitting waiting I'm in my
little corner sitting waiting Chuck
sands just doing whatever he pleases
he's done playing with his little baby
pumpkin he's just been playing around
we're just waitin waitin waitin flipping
five thirty Chuck of yours Oh cute like
you're so cute Jackson you're so cute
look at your deeps huh I shot everyone
his teeth will tarnish all misty ha look
can you see a guy third those tongue is
cut every night the two big teeth oh
those are big chompers yeah his teeth
are coming in he's got two teeth right
there
oh you're so tiring yeah here here
thank you but while we are waiting
patiently and anxiously for this call
holy cow it's been so long what I want
you guys to do is we have these giant
pumpkins over here a lazy vlogging what
I want you guys to do is I want you to
leave a comment down below with what I
should carve and the comment that gets
the most thumbs up if it's reasonable I
will carve that whether it be you know a
picture an animal a movie star you know
anything that you guys want the one with
the highest thumbs up within reason will
I will carve so that's what I want you
guys to do Ellie who do you think I
should carve or what do you think I
should cut well then who's next
your decide oh my doctor still hasn't
called 6 o'clock they closed at 4:30
they said they'd call by 5:00 the latest
it's 6:00 they haven't called so I
called the hospital can I have my
results oh we can't give it to over the
phone
why not I'm the patient so I have to go
to the hospital sign a stupid release
form and then they can give me my
results so that's what we're doing I'm a
little peeved that's okay I'll just
breathe now and I'll be happy holy cow
guys what a day this has been a crazy
crazy day with everything that we've had
to do Ellie actually Ellie and I
actually went to the hospital because we
hadn't heard from the doctor so we drove
to the hospital got the lab results back
Ellie's HCG levels have doubled which is
awesome this is really really good news
that's exactly what you want to see with
the time difference that we had from
Friday to Monday morning it's supposed
to double every 48 to 72 hours and it
did just that so we're really really
grateful for that we just heard from the
doctor and it is 8:30 and the only
reason why is because Ellie had Ellie
called the hospital and she called the
hospital saying hey this is what's going
I need to talk to the doctor so he find
she finally got ahold of him
he called us back and basically
confirmed everything that we had found
out on our own so finally we got the
news that we were looking for Elly is
spotting a little bit too so she
insisted to the doctor that she be on
progesterone just because that's what
she had last pregnancy and it worked out
really really well we're actually going
to schedule an ultrasound too so first
thing tomorrow morning I'm calling the
doctor's office and we're going to
schedule an ultrasound and basically
confirm that everything's good by now we
should be able to see like a yolk sac
and maybe even a little baby so
hopefully we'll be able to see the baby
hopefully everything is good as the lab
results have said I am out of breath and
Elias too and that's why she's not here
she's literally laying down because she
needs to keep off her feet and honestly
guys now more than ever we you know we
need your thoughts and we need your
prayers so please keep us in your hearts
and and thank you so much for everything
already I get teary-eyed just thinking
about it you guys are so wonderful all
the tweets all the messages everything
has been so great so thank you so much
the results are in and it's good it's
good so thank you guys so much please
feel the keep following along if you
guys want to see the journey and we'll
see you guys in the next video see ya
by travelpod
