good of my morning from the five of us
Jared
Ellie Jackson babycakes and my clothes
are
you
we pulled the blinds up he's like the
light is so bright I mean it's so pretty
I want to look at it anymore ah
he loves the growl look at it what what
keep going can you let go
don't fall I just love watching him
don't do stuff sick I see little bugs in
here yeah we're talking about you you
are so funny
does it feel good more I feel good more
you give me creepers to the neighbors
well they call it stormy Monday but
Tuesday's just is bad singing Jackson
play it oh they call me a stormy Monday
but Tuesday's just is that Wednesday's
works Thursday's is also sad stop
playing dad I can play I can do it I'm
gonna turn dad let me play the song let
me please cover my morning from the five
of us
Jared Ellie Jackson baby cakes and my
cones are yay up is like there's five
wait let me we all have a heartbeat guys
this one does too and good morning guys
I think I've got to start out by saying
look you just got to chill Jared and I
have to say thank you so much I think
not only have you guys been so good to
us but honestly my family like my mom's
called my dad's called several of my
sisters had said something about this
we have probably gotten like we probably
have gotten like thousands and thousands
of messages from different people saying
like we're praying for you we're
thinking of you like we want you to be
happy like we hope for the best
yeah we put you on our church prayer
role and I just I honestly think it's
really really cool because there are so
many different faiths out there there
are so many different kinds of people
that are watching us some summer
Christian some are Baptist summer
Catholics some don't go to church she is
yeah it's just but all of you guys are
saying you're in our thoughts you're in
our prayers and I really really
appreciate it it makes us so grateful
like it really makes me grateful for
doing what we do because we have such an
amazing support system like it's
incredible I'm amazed I now literally
get speechless I know it really is
amazing and today is
day and usually we try and do one takes
on Sundays and we feel really good we've
been sitting pretty much all day we've
been watching conference our church and
our leaders have been giving lots of
talks and council today and it's been
really fun just to sit and meditate and
think and Jax and his Mohandas villager
out he doesn't look like fan right now
being us joy husband loving here earlier
today he was bouncing all over the place
yeah he was never going out of control
Hey so yeah we've just been hanging out
and I honestly feel really good today
yesterday I felt really good and I just
sat pretty much all day Jarrod did a lot
of work for me and then this morning
I've been doing really good just to sit
and I just feel really good I told Jared
I was like I feel really positive now
because I have heard a whole ton of
people's stories like Ellie like you're
not cramping like everything's going
well like so I really feel really well
and so I'm just gonna still play it cool
in the morning at like 7 o'clock I'm
gonna go to the hospital they're gonna
take my blood again and then by like 11
o'clock
I'm gonna call my doctor's office and
they'll tell me what my levels look like
and if they doubled it that's awesome
and if they have it and that's probably
not very good but I have really high
hopes I think that they're gonna double
I feel really good really positive the
cool thing is like a lot of people have
commented with the same exact situation
oh yeah I get I have the same thing
happened to me we we don't know that's
the thing was we don't know so it could
be so good and we're hoping for the best
and we're thinking for the best and you
know hopefully Jackson will happen I do
I do I was on um progesterone with
Jackson and right when I was pregnant
and I I do feel like I should probably
be on it again just just to be safe so
when I do talk to him I'm definitely
gonna tell him that I feel like I should
and I'm gonna see what he has to say but
so far I've just been playing it cool
I've been doing really good just to like
sit in one spot and not like walk around
the house
I've been doing good not to like pick
Jackson up and stuff and I've been
picking him up quite crazy he's mine
he's been mine and he's been a lot of
fun I just want to like hold him a pin
yeah but I try not to hold him and I'm
trying not to kiss him cuz I have a
stupid sore on my face and I don't want
to this is mine and Jackson's bonding
time I miss his dad and sometime and can
I tell you well I was the best when I
put him to bed last night when I put him
to bed last night she went to sleep
right away
and when I put him down for his nap this
morning went to bed right away so I'm
thinkin dad has some magical powers and
he is so good we think Jackson he just
loves me so much
arrrr he wants to be so good but the
other cool thing is I love having that
camera that we thought was really cool
because we can see what he's doing
that is him and be like Jackson get down
you're not gonna crawl on your crib you
can't get out
you can't just gay no oh you boys are so
cute no you're not
yeah you're not cute I didn't think
you're that cutie my favorite thing is
minute no no no no well Jared I think
that is just a debar wrap it out that
about wraps up our feelings and that
about wraps up our day on I'll say I'll
tell you this stay tuned for tomorrow
because that's gonna be the biggest
thing that's gonna be when we find out
everything yeah
yeah keep your fingers crossed because
we're staying positive but it's kind of
like I'm nervous I'm a little nervous
but I'm I'm I think everything's gonna
be just fine and that is my story and
I'm sticking to it
no matter what happens everything's
gonna be fine yeah I keep going forward
we're gonna stay positive no matter what
yeah because of you guys
yeah and because motivational Steve says
your mission is and you all have a
mission oh well we have a lot of new
subscribers so uh
no idea okay the guy with the mustache
was motivational Steve and he said I
know cuz I've been there you can do it
I've been there they have no idea who
motivation will see this so you guys
have to look back at our fifties yeah I
think that was last every Thursday we do
a throwback Thursday about a story of us
or anything last Thursday was
motivational Steve still have to
speaking of over there subscribers
welcome to the family guys you guys are
all awesome thank you so much I know oh
my heart melted
can we get that in slow motion well it's
like pulling on my ear now it's like so
no this is I'm just gonna rip your hair
out that was really cute
yes thank you for everybody that's new
thank you for the well-wishes honestly
you guys it not only has helped us but
my whole family Jared's family they've
all commented you guys have an amazing
group of friends and followers and it's
just amazing so Jackson do you want to
do the handstand since you're awake
normally you're asleep
you wanna do the handstand say one two
three kisses
member
