I can't think of a better way to make
Elly feel better than attack her with a
bunch of puffy oh if I see sitting on
his head oh hey
my friends brought me flowers and a
handful puppy we get to keep him right
is that what happens yeah all right
cat I want to run this one won't stop
getting mad
no he's just want some attention so nice
of Ellie's friends to bring over some
flowers and let's send their well wishes
and puppies and so cute leave a comment
down below if you guys think we should
get a puppy we already know the answer
we want one really bad we might get one
I don't know you just never know
yeah oh I need a guy that I like a
little dog I woke up this morning
actually feeling really positive I
called one of my sisters that she has
had a couple of miscarriages as well in
the past and I was like what do you
think like I just had spotted just that
one time yesterday and I feel pretty
good and she's like you just don't know
and that's the worst is the uncertainty
and so she's like just sit like just say
oh I'm not sitting so she's like ha ha
ha way to correct yourself though she's
like Ellie just like relax and seriously
just sit I am gonna get lunch Jared went
and got me some lunch my friends brought
me over flowers isn't that so sweet of
them they've always been so sweet to me
but I have Jared go out and get Olive
Garden so he got some soup he got him
some food and I've got my soup right
here so I'm just going to eat some soup
I'm going to just play it cool today and
I'm just gonna relax and try and be
really positive and I think honestly
staying positive at least in my eyes has
been easier than I expected because
there there's so much support like all
my posts the video like an hour ago
and there are like a thousand comments
already yeah like I just everybody
Jedi's are so nice you guys are so
awesome like there's like people are
like well this happened to me in it and
it didn't
not well and so that's good to know but
some people have been like oh he only
goes - yeah - breadsticks blame right
that's lame um and then some people said
that happened to me and everything is
turned out really well so I kind of have
both and to go off of but I'm just going
to be positive and eat my soup okay you
eat your soup and that's and that's kind
of thing is like I said and we'll have a
throwback Thursday about this we
remember that one time I told you when I
did motivational Steve like attitude is
everything
things can suck but you can still be
positive you can still have a good
outlook you know it's just all about how
you take it and I'm really proud of
Ellie that she's done such a good job at
this I really am proud of you and happy
for you and you are a good example to me
I love how you're how strong you are so
thank you I love you takes two to tango
Porsche okay and two to coffee to be
possible together huh - to make a baby
right jack-jack be captain oops what is
that why he's holding this is his
favorite toy and it's my lip gloss
I always look like he won't even like it
hahaha it's his favorite he will not let
go I'm a doctor I'm a duck duck mom so
for our church twice a year they have
like conferences what they call it
General Conference and it's for anyone
that wants to listen they can but they
broadcast it worldwide so that's what
we're doing the next couple days which
is great because that's what we're going
to do anyways I just need to sit anyway
it's so fun watching Jax and then Jared
play and I'm just gonna like just stay
in my blanket and be cooped up I woke up
with the cold sore - because obviously
yesterday is such a stressful day for me
but today I feel a lot better I feel a
lot more relaxed my sister-in-law Emily
she texted me she goes I just wanted to
let you know that when I was 8 weeks my
midwife couldn't feel my uterus
and yesterday my doctor said that mine
was just really small at the time maybe
I'm just really early and I just keep
getting all this positive feedback from
everybody and then especially my family
and friends it's just been really
helpful my friend Vivian you guys have
seen her Duncan and Jackson have little
playdates often and she was like Ellie
like I blood a lot my first trimester
with Duncan and so that made me feel
really good so it's like okay like so I
am feeling a lot more positive I'm just
gonna sit for two days until Monday I'm
just gonna sit and I'm just gonna relax
and I'm gonna watch my boys play Batman
man I drew of the mouth man right man
and Jackson doctor don't you just want
him to cuddle you he does cuddle me I'm
not knowing you're probably loves to cut
a dad he loves to go dad I've been
trying to cuddle and lately he just
won't cuddle me you guys I got a dad
songs these guys look well no why is
that so funny
ah shared rubbing my feet husband points
guys this is how you get husband points
when your wife isn't feeling well just
grab the lotion we grab her feet and
there you go instant howdy boys don't
worry I did ask him but he said yes for
sure
present the moment I asked simply hell
you're not supposed to tell them that
you asked me to I'm supposed to do it's
fun to watch how I look that I don't
want all guys to get mad at you and be
like Jared so perfect yes but you know
what I mean Elliot asked me to sign a
gator letter rub with more lotion that
was my lotion oh he's over there someone
go get him before if it's rocks in his
mouth oh I think someone finally figured
out how to go under the chairs ha ha
Jackson how'd you get under there you
got under there you're so proud of
yourself come back here come back watch
he's gonna bonk his head
bonk
good job I am amazed with how fast his
kid is learning I mean it's just going
out of the chair but still I love you
so we have a camera that we've been you
know have over there like pointed
towards the door and I was like huh
Jackson's been standing up a lot let's
put that in his bedroom so we can see
like what exactly he does if you can get
down by himself all that stuff and so
you see him in here
listen let's see if we can turn it up
Justin he's totally saying we need to
learn more yeah
don't speak do you look I don't think I
will he's soft about it Jackson
good his name time to go to speed didn't
faze him gotta love technology right
well I say we lower the crib now or just
when he goes to bed just just when he
wakes up I think I swear Jackson makes
some of the funniest sounds when I'm
feeding him or when he's eating so and I
hold the camera and I'll see if he'll do
it so he makes like a bunch of smacking
sounds obviously but then he makes like
weird I know he's got a bunch of stuff
on his face I'm still learning guys hey
I think kids are always supposed to have
food on the mouth I think it's so funny
Jackson look here comes the airplane
here he comes
you did it you did it come mmm
good job um oh I missed
he see that what he's doing is like mum
I love you son oh my mom was just
talking about one of you guys commenting
on our videos and she was just like
Ellie that is so sweet of them like I
hope that you're reading all of these
and I am and she's just like that's
really amazing everybody's positive
feedback towards you so you guys are
making not only me feel good and Jared
feel good but you're making my family
feel really good my mom just called me
out of the blue to tell me that and I
thought that was really sweet huh
come say goodnight then look at me say
goodnight buddy hey hey mm-hmm oh he has
two little teats in there they're sharp
yes your teeth one of these days I'm
gonna pull it back and show you guys but
you probably wouldn't like that right
now it's from PJs on then potty time and
choose a book with silly rhymes you soak
you in here snuggle in turn out the
light llama llama nighty night
cute good night son everyone say good
night to Jackson I can't kiss except a
cold sore hmm so smell you instead good
night good night thanks for watching
everyone I hope you have as I hope you
have as good as day as we did honestly
we had a good day today
Ellie really restful was rested positive
uplifted she feels good she feels great
it's just a waiting game we're just
gonna wait and see what happens on
Monday I'll see you guys tomorrow thanks
for watching but I say goodbye look hey
hmm
