Jackson what you and mommy some were
just so natal and mommy's tummy we would
come here to the doctor's office and we
would come down this slide all the time
and now you're old enough we're going to
take you down the slide - you ready 1 2
hasn't been very long since we've been
here
so we just got back from the doctor's
appointments and almost as soon as you
walked in the door Ellie's sister Ruby
came in and she brought us some lunch
and so I'm gonna eat some of that some
sweet pork salad I think it's really
good but yeah like I said we just got
back from the doctor's appointments and
I don't know if it went exactly the way
we wanted it to dress sure again I'm so
drained
we've been on the phone like for the
past hour telling people telling our
family how about how it went and I ended
up just putting on Twitter um I just
gave a little update and I was like
you're just gonna have to watch the vlog
I just said pretty much it didn't go how
it was planned nothing's wrong but
nothing is fine you know and I told
Jared honestly I feel like I could see
past the doctor I love my doctor we have
a really good relationship we're very
open but I I'll just start from the top
I went into my appointment I didn't tell
you guys I didn't even tell my mom cuz
it was just so little but two nights ago
I spotted just a little bit it was
pinkish not dark it was just not bad at
all so I had that and so I told him
first thing when I got in there and he
was like oh he goes I don't like that
and then we had no idea what to base how
far along I am we have no cycle to base
it off of and so they don't have an
ultrasound machine there and so what he
did was he was just filling around my
belly he just felt where the uterus was
and he said you're really really small
so what we're going to do is we're just
going to do blood work for the next two
days and if your HCG levels double
that's great and we'll go from there
and everything will be fine if they
don't double then honestly it's probably
not going to be a healthy pregnancy and
I'll probably lose the baby if that's
the case so he was really happy that I
had multiple positive pregnancy test I
never had any negative and he was happy
that I do have symptoms that I do feel
not very well I woke up today with a
splitting splitting headache
and I just kind of woke up on the wrong
side of the bed anyway and then to go to
my appointment I was just like blah and
I told Jared I could be wrong but I'm
just being open about how I feel I feel
like the doctor he's an old guy an older
guy and he's been doing these long
enough that I feel like he already knows
if it's going to be a good pregnancy or
not the weather he thought I was five
weeks 10 weeks four weeks just by him
feeling the size of my uterus he
probably could feel if it was a really
really underdeveloped uterus or not you
know so I just feel like he probably
already knew that it wasn't looking good
and he was trying to stay positive but
then I could be wrong then I could be
wrong maybe he just was on being very
cautious and we're gonna do the blood
work and everything will be great I have
no idea all I know is I have a splitting
headache I'm hugging Jackson extra hard
today and I got Jackson out of the crib
and I just squeezed him I hugged him and
I kissed him and I just I love my baby
and that's all that matters so I don't
know I just feel kind of black today
well it's but you're exactly right you
know we're just squeezing Jackson a
little bit harder we the thing is we
just don't know we have no idea so we're
gonna go to the we're gonna go to the
hospital we're gonna get some blood work
done and just go from there that's
what's gonna happen one thing I do know
is this is why we hurried and jumped on
and told everyone is so when stuff like
this happens we can be open because in a
sense like it helps us talk about it and
we want other people to be open about it
oh my gosh we just spit up all over my
hand continue sound so so I mean there's
a reason why we're telling people like
we told people on purpose early so if
something bad happened we could talk
about it and maybe this is about maybe
maybe everything's great and I'm just
being a debbie downer okay I had my hour
my hour and a half little minute where I
was being pitiful and sad and that's
okay but now I'm gonna just pull myself
together and we're all just going to be
positive I'm sure everything really is
going to be just fine I'm sure I'm
honestly just play four or five weeks
along but the biggest thing I'm grateful
for right now is just that I am sick and
that's good it's good that I don't feel
well today so I just have a splitting
headache and I think that's just making
everything worse but I am excited I'm
going to go get my blood done this is
how it's going to work I need to get my
blood done today I should be able to get
my blood done on Sunday then and then
Monday afternoon I'll call the doctor
and they'll tell me how my levels look
so between now and Monday I'm not going
to know much and then the reason why
they didn't do an ultrasound today was
because he said that just by feeling my
tummy he could feel that my uterus was
too small so that if they were to even
go in and do an ultrasound they probably
won't even be able to see anything and
they don't have an ultrasound at his
office anyway so we're just gonna get my
blood drawn and we're gonna be happy and
positive right absolutely
okay so no more sadness we'll just be
happy
so here's the situation guys I'm
actually confiscating Ellie's cell phone
right now because she is not feeling
very well and she's kind of overwhelmed
with everything that's happening right
now
so I said Ellie your phone is mine you
go to the bedroom and you take a nap
because that's going to make you feel
better okay so Jax is napping Ellie's
napping and I'm here left to my own
devices I am either going to play some
sweet Mario Kart or get some work done
I'm not sure hmm decisions decisions no
I'm gonna get some work done you thought
I was gonna play maybe later tonight
oh I'm still just laying in bed I just
told Jared I need to lay down for a
minute um I got home and I was like I'm
gonna be positive and I'm gonna take a
nap like my head is blustering and I
took a nap and what do you think I
dreamed about how awesome I am how big
my nose is awful yeah I dreamed I think
it's because this is just so been busy
today I dreamed that that not that like
I was having issues with pregnant but
just in my head I knew that we work as
today's been so busy but I had a dream
that I was pregnant and nobody was
believing me that I was pregnant and
then I felt the baby move in my dream
and it felt just like when Jackson move
so I woke up and I was just like that
was really cute and then I look over at
my desk and I see all three I see all
three of my pregnancy tests that I've
taken like I have three positive
pregnancy tests I go to the bathroom
what do you know like I'm spotting a
little bit and like I said earlier I
felt like my doctor couldn't tell me
what he felt and from what I got from it
I felt like he was being nice and
positive by from I could see through it
I felt like he was thinking it wasn't
probably going to be a very good
pregnancy that I'd probably was the
pregnancy and I think that technically
he couldn't tell me that because they
had no proof that I was but I think that
he's been doing this long enough that
when he measured me and everything he
probably felt that way
and I don't know whether to I don't know
what I feel like I I'm not sitting here
like crying but I am sad and I'm I would
just cut it's just so much right now it
feels today feels like one of those days
where you want to play a sad song on the
guitar oh yeah like you better believe
Jared's going to get ice cream in a
movie tonight like I just want to cut
all any ice cream and we'll just call
our family we're so good at cuddling I
know cuz the best cars don't hello hi
dr. mm-hmm do you have a certain just a
you probably don't think it's probably
to be a very good one what's your like
what's your hunche like what do you kind
of get from it do you feel like it's
probably just all probably in yeah and
let's just say it does happen do I need
to give you a call or should I just okay
then we'll go from there okay well
thanks buh-bye
ky I am sad two seconds of guys like amo
bullsh
param
hold on to your baby oh did you see that
Jackson heavy kiss oh so Ellie just got
off the phone with a doctor and I'm not
sure if you guys can hear but his hunch
was that Ellie will miscarry and
honestly I've gotten lots of advice like
people I just go get an ultrasound then
but it works differently where I'm at
it's it's a different office they are
only in so often I know I could go to
the hospital and get it and I asked him
and he said he pretty much that Ellie
you're too early you're to your to your
uterus is way too small we're not gonna
see anything so I believed him I love my
doctor if I didn't like him I would be
the one to say something to him and I
it's just the way it is so I'm just
gonna kind of just sit cool and kind of
just sit for the next few days um and
this is a perfect time to sit because
our church the next two days has a huge
conference going on Saturday Sunday so
pretty much you sit anyway so I'll feel
good I'll feel good to do that and
honestly I was talking to my sister and
I said you know this is really exciting
news like I am pregnant
and I got pregnant on my own and that is
amazing and I have a little baby right
now and me like I've got three positives
we're just gonna probably end the vlog I
think cuz I just am so I think I'm just
so drained and I think I just want to
just take a bath and get some ice cream
with Jared is that too early to just
jump in and say I'm gonna end the vlog
Jared like but I think we will I think
this is just a really on the summer day
like it's just a day that we just want
to count your blessings and be together
yeah we're still excited but we're very
sad especially hearing the doctor but
I'm cuz I said I said just tell me what
you think like tell me your opinion and
it goes I think you're gonna miscarry
hmm of course I lost and I I think um
you know I think it's it's a win and a
lose you know you got pregnant
we got prep an our own yeah it's amazing
that is amazing and so soon after we had
Jackson like that is a huge blessing I
love my little family and I'm grateful
that I have a family I know a lot of
people out there don't even have one and
that's just really hard for everyone and
this just flutters and brings back all
the memories and all like the emotions
for sure with everything it just brings
back the emotions that's what I told Jen
I was like that's what it felt like like
that's what it felt like every month to
like take the clomid like have the
pounding headache but at least I was
pregnant and it's okay to have a
headache like I don't complain as much
if I'm pregnant you know so I don't know
we're still gonna get the blood work
done we're still gonna get all of this
taken care of so yeah we will keep you
guys posted yeah thank you
nothing Huw just said yeah we're just
waiting it's like I said it's a waiting
game so we're gonna wait thank you guys
for watching thank you so much for your
support
honestly the past two days have been
incredible mm-hmm we can't thank you
guys enough so yeah thank you so much
and have a wonderful day
we'll see you guys in the next video bye
jaga mm-hmm well not biting me say bye
to them Oh save us yes
say good night Kevin mmm
