no no way guys we just lied me and
Bonnie just did a face mask and it is
September 29th and they're like 11:30 at
night and Jackson is almost nine months
old and since having Jackson I have only
had one cycle that was months months
months and months ago and Jerry and I
have been pretty open we haven't really
prevented at all of trying to have a
baby
just because it took so long the first
time and because I haven't had any
cycles I have had maybe two months ago
month and a half ago I spotted one day
just one wasn't even enough to like even
think about what I told Bonnie I was
like my stomach hurt it's like as if it
was when I was pregnant with Jackson
like as if everything was stretching
like like right here her it's right here
hurts like up above her it's down below
I feel stretch like everything
stretching I was like that feels really
real I feel like that's how we work yeah
but familiar
I keep getting sick I cannot get over
from being sick and I'm not like that to
get sick on my chest hurts like her
chest never hurts but I noticed I've
been a lot more fuller and it just hurts
so we're like you know let's just take a
test if it's negative it's okay and so
we took a drive yeah so me and bar like
cowboys we're gonna take a drive this is
normally it not like me I would want
Jared to come along but because this is
so like out of the blue I thought this
may be fun because if
I'm pregnant I could have Bonnie fog
history action so oh my gosh this is so
weird I'm probably not but it's worth a
try hundred wantest - oh my gosh that
was enough it was like for you no no I'm
not I don't feel like well like I feel
like I don't want to get my hopes likes
it's like how could I be I've only had
one cycle that's to whine my helper to
me Bonnie I don't really know what to do
do I like to live
oh I don't think I believe it I don't
know how it got me oh my gosh it's oh my
gosh Bonnie Oh jack oh my gosh
Jackson's good heavens helping you be
home would they be if he's nine months
make it two months but my mind of it
when you were doing your yoga video
today I was like Ellie's tummy does not
look the way it normally looks like that
was anger - I'd had one cycle since
Jackson won
like I honestly can't believe that
happened
you knew you we knew it when we were
studying in the kitchen it's like the
longer and longer we talked about it
your head and their shape I Ted tell him
Bonnie I was like should we just go for
a drive like let's just go get a test
gosh what is Joe gonna do let's go tell
him when I told you I feeling like I was
gonna start like my stomach hurt parind
my chest was swollen I in no way wanted
to do this without you but we went and
saw the apartment and I just felt really
good about it yeah I was like where's
Walmart and we went to Walmart and they
knew it wasn't negative and because I've
only had one cycle not what it's like 4
months ago and I took a test and I don't
know how but I feel like we've just made
a lot of decisions and Heavenly Father
must I feel like this is his way of
saying you're doing everything right and
Jax is to notice of like an animal
are you serious real life yeah I
wouldn't be joking around I'm excited
you are pregnant I think this is like
every everything we just made our
decisions
makes me realize that it was for the
baby as I do right now oh my gosh that's
amazing
gosh it took three years now it takes
three months start coming like even tell
everybody like we we wanted Jackson have
a sibling like we wanted to have a
sibling like these you are pregnant
you're pregnant
yeah you're pregnant too is baby two
babies that means one Jackson this is
wonderful
one little Joel Mika oh my gosh
Jared I we I put the droplets I recorded
that so you can see I put the droplets
in and and it went up it was it went up
in it it automatically I had no idea how
far along I'd be I don't know what to
base it off up but sorry huh I thought I
had it
no I thought I thought I knew that
Bonnie said in the yoga video and
remember the other day I said I feel
like I have like like a little punch
when normally it would be C flat flat
flat like it's not weird you know I
don't believe I know I thought I took it
without you know I'm like we were scared
I never wanted to take one without you
but then I thought well let's just try
cuz I knew for sure P no because there
would be no way like how I am in shock I
am sure like quite believe it I don't I
really don't because it took us three
years I know that's why I'm like okay no
maybe we got a pass this time
things are going we got to get another
mushroom all over my I don't believe
that I don't believe it I don't either
I thank you guys for being a part of it
oh my gosh I'm dying I just I just
mouthed JAMA
oh I saw the camera I was like she's I
was trying to beat a screen I'm like I
can't like screw this up I gotta be a
good cameraman what would you like I
know wise arrow to Jill I'm like get out
of the way you guys this is like this is
exciting this is exciting this is so
cool
I I'm just I think I'm still excited
that I don't know what my tummy is like
cluttered belief right now oh my I am
mad my stomach my heart my brain is just
like well the second we were like looked
at me and I was like starting to walk in
you couldn't smack that goofy smile off
your face like you didn't stop smiling
Sharon I'm excited I already have a
little punch like you know I've showed
you I'm like Janet this is like weird
bloating
thank you for coming you want make sure
I sell our here like we're like a family
we're gonna be a family of four we're
gonna have to get a bigger car
well let us be the first to say
congratulations my pee test everywhere
every number to this is on the way this
is exciting guys we are just as shocked
as you guys we are so excited we have
only known that we have been pregnant
for two days this is crazy and what a
miracle this is so wonderful
and we found out that she was pregnant
like midnight on Monday and we had to
let people know we had to tell our
family we had to get their reaction we
told our friends we got their reaction
because when it comes down to it we want
to share this with you guys we want to
make sure that you guys know about
what's going on and I have already a
video up on my channel about my
pregnancy symptoms I do have quite a few
I posted up if you guys want to go home
go over and check it out and hey you we
do this every single day so tomorrow is
my first doctor appointment so if you
guys want to subscribe stay tuned and
you guys will follow us along our whole
pregnancy just like a lot of you guys
followed us with Jackson's and we really
appreciate it this is so exciting thank
you guys so much for watching have a
wonderful day
be sure oh I'll have a link right here
right over my hands and click this right
here to go to Ellie's video also I'll
have a link down below behind our family
ah this is so great really nice to kids
hi Kim we're gonna have to get a double
stroller oh my goodness we're gonna have
to get so we're gonna have to get like
two high chairs
so much we're excited
I'm gonna show you guys my belly like I
said I could be I could be five weeks I
could be 15 weeks I have no idea but I
do have a belly I have a Pudge
oh I have a drawing on my stomach so I'm
not showing my parents about normally I
have a very flat stomach but I
definitely have a little punch going on
right here so yeah stay tuned tomorrow
we'll see how far along I am thank you
guys so much for watching and we'll see
you the next video bye
