I'm all about love it's about them it's
about that bass no treble I love that
debit motivates no trouser huh you're
such a junk
hey where is Cooper or not Cooper yeah
where's the other one cozy downstairs
okay
hey Cody I was going to bed last night
and guess what I heard I heard you
singing in your room
do you remember what you're singing yeah
or are you singing I don't remember I
think you're seeing something like all
about that bass about that bass
do you know that song you're singing it
can you sing it for me sing it loud I'm
good one more time travel bad I'm all
about the bass but the bass no treble
i'm all about the bass stop it no Joe
I'm all about the fish doctor fish no
trouble oh what's the matter what's the
matter
hmm matter Cody what's wrong yeah
besides the giant love sack it's gonna
be so much fun when we have one of these
if we could throw our kids on it oh hey
we are gonna get one of these Ellie
because they're awesome and the kids
love it how is that fun I always throw
Jackson into our pillows the home 2d
look look at his eyes shift he's like
he's like I think I don't do it again
one two see I think he's starting to
look more like me what now is what I'm
used to when I was just a blonde as hair
is right now Chucky
hi I'm kinda blind and everyone's and
mine but not for long
guess what are you announcing something
right now a cut and color maybe in my
near future in like two weeks
get out of town Ellie you're crazy yeah
there get out of town get out of here
get out of town get out of here so
everybody else can have a very very even
though I love mac and cheese a very lame
whoa
lunch whoa and I am going to have myself
a nice fresh tomato sandwich
there's nothing lame about Kraft
macaroni and cheese alley do I do I do a
sandwich or do you want macaroni and
cheese Maggie and me oh you're my
favorite tomato sandwich yeah nope do
you want to a sandwich now tomato
one-liner you're just saying that
because you know dad's gonna watch and
be like none of our kids will do
sandwiches when I'm not having lunch I
reckon but I want tomato sandwiches I
know what time is it it's 11 2004 less
but Cody tell them what you want what do
you want macaroni these are doing
Samantha there's nothing lame about from
Japanese hey do you want to try the
sandwich let me tell you this kid is
loving that there's a house who can
crawl rat he's crawled up the stairs
multiple times he's crawled into the toy
closet like in the bin he has crawls
around everywhere he is loving being
active and not having me grabbed every
two seconds and tell him know about the
guitars there's two things she's
challenged there are only two things
that are better not homemade and it's
mac and cheese and brownies yeah those
are the only two things that are better
not homemade so so I I do like the box
mac and cheese but I know myself a table
sandal I can't stalk like Donald Duck
but I can
Wow
he goes as I Donald Duck I had a
fourth-grade teacher mr. Olsen mr. Olsen
could do the best on the duck I'd ever
hear the old then he may have took me
back then Donald Duck but he did
everything really well don't step on the
putter here check the butter out of its
thing children like to help unwrapping
do Donald Duck one more time Oh Jackson
say hi to your girlfriends are like Mase
know that he has some he has some
serious competition oh my gosh look at
her a lot of colon in her tree is like
to die for yeah Jackson do you see her
girlfriend right there
oh look can you see how pretty she is
Jackson he is totally like staring at it
right now Jackson took an amazing nap on
the car ride home which was surprising
because he didn't sleep at all while we
were visiting aunt Bonnie and uncle Joel
you a little stinker no stinker are you
go crazy finally made it to Grandma and
Grandpa's house or just stop and saying
hello on our way home hello hello let me
thank you
you would not believe Vick sure you
would not believe the Kiedis that is
going down right now
oh they're like the same size 21 pounds
no 16 and there are three months yeah I
know 16 pounds Jackson Jackson take the
height while you can because you're
gonna he's gonna pass you out next week
slowly inching getting posted friend oh
you want to eat each other huh
it was like what what are you someone my
size
yeah no it's so he's nice seeing kids
his age yeah yeah yeah that's right
friend
are you guys gonna fight and you're
gonna be keep drinking down a fence here
your wrap house
it's been crazy missing oh thanks I'm
great I did oh yeah yeah holy cow what a
day today this has been a whirlwind day
we have been all over the place we have
been doing so many things it's like 11
o'clock at night and we just got home
we've got diapers on the floor we've got
lights and on the wall yes that's true
so ready to be home we are exhausted but
we've had a lot of fun today we've been
with family and friends and it's been
very enjoyable we've had a good time but
sometimes you're just ready to be in
your own bed so with that said I don't
know how the footage went today I have
no idea we have like two clips what is
wrong yeah we'll just have to see
honestly past or future Jared when
you're editing this I'm sorry but this
is what you got okay good look we will
see you tomorrow guys stay tuned for
tomorrow okay seriously seriously kiss
me on the mouth
that's not your mouth that's not your
other mouth I want your mouth on my
mouth that's good Ellie should I do a
handstand today to close a vlog shall I
in our true fashion sure that's me
talking my shirt so you don't see my
intentions we've got obstacles again
today guys I would rate this court a
medium difficulty with a slight chance a
slight tail wind from the south
70% chance precipitation let's see how
this turns out here we go ready one two
three
hopefully tomorrow guys thanks for
coming oh thanks for coming thanks
watching see you guys later
I feel like it can have like a
conversation now that I you know get
better at these handstands yeah bye
member
