good morning everyone you will not
believe this but we are in Logan Utah
look at those mountains over there it's
beautiful here guys
I'm really excited today guys because
I'm actually able to take some more time
and really work on music and video
production Ellie and I have been
preparing for this for a long time in
planning this out and we just now got to
the point where we can actually do this
and you know see how it comes so we're
gonna take more time and and work on
that so I'm pretty excited about that
are you excited yeah but you know what
else I mean alleged yeah I was actually
gonna say I'm even more excited because
I'm gonna take my little family to lunch
right now we're going to firehouse pizza
and supposedly it's really really good
we've been there once and we had a blast
so we're coming back just poop again
shake your hands up in the air like you
just don't chaos oh hey hey you big eyes
hey give me guy let's go eat I start to
get messy it again okay ready
oh is that a key cuz it's been of my
nose can you try it you want to try that
again how cute are these two little boys
these little cousins aren't really close
at age and make just like hangin out all
day they're just little buddy I just
have love I just love seeing the little
boys together you can little friends
best friends for life sometimes when
you're with your family and you're
having lunch you're just having so much
fun
if you like wanna scream oh we're on but
we all just woke up for now oh oh nah
we're good crash you're nobody crash and
Jackson is loving this pink little toy
and we go along with it and you like
jumps up and down she he's sorry decided
but we're gonna crash I gotta turn away
just a minute
ready hold on tight partner hold on
tight - Shh Oh Jackson just got done
climbing a whole flight of stairs two
seconds ago and he is ready to go at it
again so I'm just gonna stay out here
just in case he slips but this is only
the third second second or third time
has been around stairs and roll I'm just
gonna climb all of them oh I should post
pants oh so it was we're really not used
to stairs in our house we turn our head
for one second Jackson's crawling up two
stairs and Jared flies into second base
just rug burn all over his hands I feel
that red spot there in catches I caught
his head before he hit the ground
yeah
he just was up one or two steps and we
were like like how did it get there he
was on this toy and then he was over
there and Jared caught him he flew and
slid it was awesome okay bud I will
watch you crawl and I will not even
blink ball don't watch your baby day
sorry
I like turn a second again and look what
this kid had no uses mom it's Reese's Oh
he somehow took a Reese's Peanut Butter
Cup out of his cousin's hand and his
cousin allowed him and he's like out of
his wimpy cousins hand and he is second
craziest face look at his face look like
smeared it out you like nice shirt so I
am just wiping him up and trying to get
all the chocolate out I'm like oh he's
probably got a tummy ache and I'll I
just need to watch my kid I feel like
I'm watching him in two seconds he
turned to stone the stairs just I can
see turns he's got chocolate all over
what that is growing but I think did you
hear him crying okay Jackson you're all
clean you're all fed you've got your
butt cream on you've got your tea thing
stuff going on you've got your binky in
your mouth we've got your bed set up I
think it is time for you to go to bed I
know the days gone by so fast and you
live life to its fullest you climbed the
stairs today you climbed those stairs
all by yourself you didn't have any help
and then your second go-around I totally
saved your life ah did I only even tell
you guys
Jackson was like on the fourth stair
just by himself and I was just sitting
down on the couch and we were just you
know doing our own look you've got
enough done - we were just hanging out
and you know Jackson slipped away he was
climbing up the stairs and he was on the
forest air and I caught his eye right as
he was looking back and he lost his
balance and started to fall and I
full-on doh like superhero mode and I
caught him midair and I got this really
nasty like you probably can't even see
it but this rug burn the muscle right
there was all white it was crazy but I
saved your life Jackson you can live
another day now aren't you so happy yeah
okay everyone say good night to Jackson
buddy we don't wanna party night
what are we keeping all night it's out
of my can of sale in this oh yeah I'll
cook your and bought you chocolate milk
and the kids are so excited good night
oh oh so sorry it's not soft hugs you
gotta get us out we have to give soft
hugs Cody that's what we do is sorry my
turns sock sock sock oh good night
okay wait where's your chocolate milk
drink that chocolate milk I'm so good oh
yeah
Chuck Chuck Chuck Chuck Chuck this is
their last snack before bed so you guys
have to be so good now right yeah I know
it's bedtime
okay oh you betcha
Wow hmm I could taste the chocolate you
girls are playing makeup right now look
at all this makeup what are you doing
okay we got a bunch of makeup geek
pigments and we split the cloth and now
we're splitting the product because who
goes through a full makeup pigment no
one is is that true
is that really true yeah probably not
and we made videos for our channels but
I have to admit tomorrow morning let me
let me find let me where's your phone
Bonnie don't show them the picture of me
without my shirt on don't answer them
here Oh guys tomorrow this is gonna be
up look at that makeup tutorial
hold on Padma amid me don't you wish
your half of your face was scary too
that's pretty crazy guys Bonnie made
this makeup tutorial and I think that
you guys should go check it out I'll put
the link down below to whatever the
videos seriously I washed it and Bonnie
put a lot of work into it
I could tell and then how good that
looks so you gotta go watch it since
we're talking about makeup I wanted to
tell you about that makeup tutorial but
we've got it in the blog you girls are
playing makeup Joel and I are sitting on
the couch
we're we're not getting fat we're just
enjoying ourselves okay bunny we're
watching Brooklyn nine-nine
and this is the first time I've ever
seen it and it's hilarious I think it's
an awesome Andy Samberg yeah Andy
Samberg and of course I'm snacking on my
dr. pepper and we've got some Pringles
stacks Lay's stag things but yeah that's
what we're doing tonight we're having a
good time so thanks for watching today
guys
or are you gonna end the vlog when are
you gonna do a handstand Oh locum what
you're choking right now oh good
I can't tell if he's saying joking or
choking do you need me to do the
Heimlich Ellie I'm gonna do mine
Winchell come here I need to do the
Heimlich move I needed you to highlight
one thanks for watching guys Joe are you
gonna do the handstand you go okay guys
I should probably move my computer real
quick a little closer
okay ready literally this is gonna look
awful okay thanks for watching bye
by travelpod member
