hey guys we were challenged by Sam and
Jenica to do the yoga challenge couples
yoga challenge jazz Jo challenge and we
gladly accept so we are going to take on
these yoga poses and see what happens
I think Sam may have underestimated my
flexibility when he challenged us but
maybe he did on purpose because that's
gonna be hilarious cuz I can't do it
what do you mean underestimated like he
didn't think you were he didn't think
like he knows I'm not flexible no he
thinks I'm flexible but I'm not foot
size give us eight they were like hyping
us up like oh I can do it they do
handstands they're gonna be awesome at
yoga I don't think that's how it works
but see we're gonna try it anyway we're
lean mean fighting machine
mMmmm we don't mess around oh I'm
excited
first one we chose I think a fairly easy
one to start so this is the one that
we're gonna start out with first okay do
you want to bottom and pop oh ha ha
you'll be on top okay here we go it's
all lay down here let's see hope should
really know how this works okay let me
wait before we start before we go before
we go come come stand next to me namaste
let's go let's you shot I just need to
be a bluebird Oh your legs have to be
straight up that's the hard part is can
I keep them strong special charts hits
y'all mode honey I feel like you need to
stretch more okay you're ready for this
are you ready to fly Buzz Lightyear here
we go okay straight straight your legs
are straight in your hopes up ah some
way yeah your fly is that it thinks I
think that's good got is strong next
position that one looks really oh my
gosh
are we gonna do that okay okay so all
helped here's what oh you yeah you put
your head over there no actually let's
no you get a position and then I so I'll
go again yeah I'm talking with you I'll
do this use the couch to your advantage
not that I think about that oh right
that's like on the head
yep this is not like that
that we got a lucite let's try it one
more time one more time real quick and
it's all about physics and angles and
geometry okay you've got to get the
angle right okay so come back you know I
like how - fifty - about that right well
at least you pass and that's all okay
just don't know you need to go further
like this yeah one two three I leave
with that for me though
oh okay let's do this one this one's
easy here we go ready you be on bottom
we call this the double praying mantis
ready like pop your back are you praying
yet hey Eddie do you guys get this
prayer book Hey here you here we go here
we go ready oh yeah prayer doing down in
prayer thank you for this day
yoga good job okay No are you dead sync
up you're dead don't you cook all this
up oh my gosh well time for you Shea's
it be wearing shorts right back her
pants okay okay I think this one's gonna
be hard for you really yeah okay you do
your position at all ready yeah I think
we should go get a body massage after
the only hope I can reach like that
Oh see you each back okay I'm good I've
got it pretty much oh my head goes it
this way yeah no she didn't
deep breathing we're deep breathing
flexibility happy thoughts
think happy thoughts ready don't kick me
in the face I just don't wanna break
your net hmm
oh my gosh oh my gosh
did we just do that let's do it again
let's do it again I think that counts
that with the night big that counts this
action are we good at this Ellie I think
they are we doing something wrong this
one to the double-ended but Brad I don't
even think I can yes ready my legs are
not gonna be straight straight bulls leg
ah talky fart on me oh not me to do that
whatever I totally love are you mind
going I think you did oh that was fun
I'm sorry yes sometimes when you're
relaxed and doing yoga sometimes things
just slip out we'll search the rolled up
a little bit mm-hmm oh sorry
mouch hey give me your hands that
hire tighter tighter reach me one two ah
got it
ah now this guy's legs are bent I'm not
sure how good he is at this I pretty
much lay my body contours to yours your
body contours to mine you can't I can't
do around or I contour to you okay ready
that's opposition get a bit my head big
places on your autumn why oh you're high
woo where are my hands go please I grab
my legs I guess I feel like my head
should be fun you let's try that you be
on top I'm gonna squish you like a
little bug Ellie just watch my hair the
contour of my bag shapes with the
contour of your now wait I hope you've
all stand ups I really don't want my
legs broke I'll bed down but how am I
gonna contour oh I'm gonna break you
Ellie to try I must thank you just try
it you're supposed to right grab your
leg like grab your lunch huh really I'm
trying this is actually really fun are
we even doing it right
I probably not but I saw this very fun
this is the triangular squared kiss pose
this is the best one I know this is the
best one are you ready off get your head
down
oh you put your feet on my back like am
I the tip of my butt enough okay I took
this but then my how do we get to kiss
are you like straight no they're not
sure then you start pushing there you go
I love you that was good oh look I hope
this looks okay because we can't see
anything I know this is like the
backbreaker that's what this one is
called the backbreaker hot my back hmm
oh I feel like it's a wrestling move
like these guys are wrestling and he's
about to pilot it ready yeah and
straight legs straight arms yoga I don't
look like the duck Hey dismount oh that
was good good a note we thought we would
do one more and Jared just looked up a
very very challenging one so I think
we're gonna do one more for this is left
one this is the creme de la creme this
is the big Bambino this is the grand
slam home run this is going to be a very
difficult is the hot in your hot
chocolate
holy cow that's hot let's get er done
I'm gonna be on top K I'm gonna be the
fine physician Oh heaven knows just
swallow your feet Mitchell off with my I
don't even think I can back then like
that don't bend as much because I don't
want to break my neck I jump one day
I'll climb on my leash shall find you
and I'm ready my body is ready ready by
Monday one two and then then then you go
above like this and then we're going
like this it's not above your head oh no
yeah I think so look I'm burning out and
then no okay and then keep your abs up
like what you
oh yeah and then this is the final twirl
watch your head yoga my feet okay I'm
super dizzy oh my gosh we just made up
our own yoga dude
that was fun I want to see this in the
next yoga challenge hey guys thank you
so much sama Jenica for Talia I actually
don't like we're pretty thank good
chance here but we are going to
challenge three people and you guys
better be ready okay Tyler and Haley
from tribe Tyler hi guys yeah I've been
challenged I want to see those dreads in
action okay I want to see Brian and
Missy you guys have been challenged
daily bumps you're next on the list
and last but certainly not least oh
there you go home this is what we were
thinking since salmon Jenica could
challenge Casey and Caylee we're gonna
challenge Shay and Colette all right oh
this is a theme they may be only watch
our videos four days out of the week
that we post they don't watch every
single one of our videos but probably
most of them we're at a 17 bad that I
will take them so they probably may not
see this so it is up to you guys and us
let's tweet Shay and let him know that
because Casey's doing it well you know
what who's the bigger brother here my
other brothers are gonna do the best job
okay that's a challenge in and of itself
you know and I have I really I'm not
gonna lie I'm not going to be shocked if
Casey levere is wearing whitey tighties
and cowboy boots as he does the yoga
challenge that would be incredible I
would love to see that I'm anxious for
his to come out but you guys are
challenged thank you guys for watching
we actually feel cry feel energized I
feel ready to go I feel like I can
handle the day morning shall we do a
couple yoga every single day I think
especially that spin move
that was pretty cool yeah you have very
handsome right now you look so thanks
for watching look look you sorry
that's kind of what happens ah see you
guys
