good morning the earth says hello
hey guys so yesterday if you saw
yesterday's video you saw at the end of
the video my head smashed the camera and
I broke the camera so this part of the
camera this was like bent and cricket
and somehow Jared was able to like push
it back into place but it's really funky
right now like it's creaking like every
time I touch it it feels like it's gonna
break so I think today when Jared gets
home from work we're gonna go and look
at new cameras because we have to get a
new camera anyway I know we had to get a
new camera and my head hurts like my
head full hot smashed it like I have
like a bruised head right here but we're
just waiting for daddy to get home from
work Jackson are we looking at ourselves
in the mirror I should get a marker and
see if he touches her his head should we
try that Jackson you are literally in
the hole gadna huh little doge are you
stuck there you go good luck getting out
I am doing the dishes why do always blue
and I always open this little cabinet
right here just because what's in the
cabinet is just these little plastic
things that I don't care if he takes him
out I don't care if he really even gets
in but he has like his hope he's getting
in the whole cupboard true true story my
brother in our very old house he would
hide in the cabinet and scare my mom and
one time he went to scare her and he
fell asleep and I think they had an on
video video camera one time they
recorded it and they opened the cover
and he was just asleep in there it was
so funny but I mean I'm not gonna leave
them in here but it's just kind of funny
just I like doing the dishes and he just
couldn't sit in here and just play but
he's happy so I'm just gonna let him
play but kind of funny I like dried my
hands I was like I got to show you guys
this this is too cute for words
oh my gosh oh my gosh that is so funny
Jackson hey are you happy yeah okay I'll
let you continue to play you play it and
you stopped nope I saw I saw my giraffe
sorry mom goodbye
oh my house feels so good I cleaned it
and it even smells yummy
I love Bath and Body Works candles I've
got this pumpkin one going and then I
have this pumpkin calf a limited edition
one later this one smells more like
Christmas so I'm going to burn that one
after my pumpkin one goes but Missy if
she always gets her candles from Target
and I've never smelled them but they
look like they smell mighty nice and
they're vlogs so I want to try a target
candle I'm sure they're cheaper to them
Bath and Body Works but I love me some
Bath and Body Works candles and you love
yourself a little puppy dog ball dad's
coming home you excited to see died yeah
he's gonna put you to bed tonight he's
gonna play with us and we're gonna go
get a new camera because mommy breaks
the camera all the time
seriously my head hurts I already told
you that but my head hurts I have like a
like a huge spot right here where I
biffed it's like bruised I prescient of
born a ponytail today because it's like
stretching my little hairs but it hurts
this thing on is this thing working
if this is working I'm amazed this has
gone through some pretty crazy stuff I
am at Best Buy right now I have to go
get a new camera because this is seen
its last days who knows how long it's
going to last after this the question of
the day is which camera do
get there's so many choices I think
we're gonna try the s110v cannon s110
because they don't make the 3:30 anymore
and that's the one we like a lot they
have the 340 but the processor on it is
different so it's not as good as the 330
so I think s 110 or the one toy is gonna
be what we want to do oh hi d yeah what
one do we have we have the 330 so this
is a totally different the 300 this is a
totally different wine okay hi buddy
to wake up oh you so cold cities Milan
yet
you won't get his fingers out of his
mouth
yeah we're checking out the guy here so
funny he loves Jackson you keep trying
to make him laugh did you do do are you
invited finally having fun I'm teaching
him how to have fun at Best Buy he looks
like he always does he really does okay
okay this is it this is a brand new day
a brand new camera we've got two right
here the final decision wait what this
camera we have two things one cannot
forget the little arm strap I've never
had an arm strap on our cameras I think
I think I've only dropped the camera
once in my entire did I just throw the
receipt away that's the worst thing in
the world
I mean hang out of that receipt in there
I think I've only dropped the camera
like once Ellie on the other hand she
makes a habit out of it so this camera
has been through so much but we finally
got the s 110 so that's the camera we
decided with I'm gonna probably switch
over that right now so we'll see how it
works see if there's actually any
battery life left in it okay so we're at
Shoe Carnival and they said if we do
BOGO we can spin the wheel but I said
well let's spin the wheel and then we'll
decide if we do BOGO based on what our
result is so Ellie I'm gonna spin the
wheel and if we get something good we
have to you might have to get to kind of
know you mean I may have to buy these
black boots yes you might ready go this
way oh this way okay I feel like I'm on
The Price is Right yep okay this
contestant over here is going to spend
the well let's see what he gets up he's
gonna spin the wheel and he's gonna get
one two three maybe all prizes the other
playground in the back of it she's
scared of us can I give a shout-out to
my mom she's in Washington State come on
Oh Oh mister free prize you don't want
to what's the $3.00 off ah sweet so like
what do you think of these shoes really
though I want in I'm kind of nervous to
buy shoes they're kind of like the ankle
ones
but I have these like leather pants yeah
but I want to wear me okay she said it
okay
you might have to get two pair now what
we should do is strap a GoPro to his
head so we got our reaction and his robe
recording
our first recording on our brand-new
what do you guys say Jackson what do you
think it's a new kid what do you guys
think this looks pretty good we've got
I'm doing lazy vlogging already we've
got this string hanging out top of your
head on is it a little bit like no your
head your hair so you're saying we're
not supposed to talk about Christmas and
say what we were just saying that Julie
was gonna get for Christmas because she
might see this yeah we're talking about
Christmas we stop talking okay if you
can't tell him about the secret wait
guys
we Julie might be what I know we're
talking about Christmas and we I can't I
turn the camera on mom kept talking
about Julie's Christmas I'm sorry Julie
I hope you didn't hear what yeah that's
my sister that's a medical school were
talking about what we're gonna get her
for Christmas and anyway I'm using the
new camera mom and dad came into town
can you tell that there's anything
different does it look good yeah do we
look better do I look good when the
cameras on me why do I love you better
than I already do uh mom and dad came
into town and my sister Ruby came over
and her little girl and her husband and
we will the boy is not we the boys
wanted to play Mario Kart so this is how
we're ending our night we're just gonna
play a little Mario Jerrod oh I can't
block dad's view Jarrod's and first life
years oh I just adds a new boy did you
see that heavens in second so dad he
needs to pick it up so we finally have a
chance the battery is charged now we're
using the new camera can you guys even
tell a difference am I even in frame
right now Oh different honestly I can't
see my whole face yes my face and the
camera can't see I do too for face it's
not that many but you have to hold it a
little further out but really we don't I
yeah I don't think we do the zoom the
actual lens is a little bit further but
I think we have we hold it the same
quick story so we usually have a mirror
right here can I usually hold the camera
and I look at myself in the mirror to
see like if I'm friend frame and
everything today I was sitting here
while jelly was feeding Jackson it
totally just crashed down and we have us
sitting over here
it's a great it didn't break thank
goodness it's actually yeah
yeah grandma gave that mirror to us when
you're a year to go so it's like a
keepsake so I'm really glad it didn't
break but is it's like I was like what
the heck there's a ghost oh there's a
ghost no there's no it's a good ghost
it's so weird looking at this camera I
like my old one Sam just texted me and
we need to FaceTime or Google hangout
because we've got a plan on meet up
tomorrow
I know okay let's get going so we can
get a good name that Hanson cuz you
broke the camera I'm not doing hands up
my head hurts or hey I really also wait
it's right it's right here it's free not
so much here or here but right here
Chris
thanks for watching guys we'll see you
guys tomorrow at the Meetup I just
burped oh here we go 100 whoa nope
I overdo a long time I one time okay oh
okay I guess two times
good bye bye
