yak scene ah I'm gonna catch you Oh
Oh
can you guys believe how cute my little
boy is I le just showed me that footage
and I is just like our little boy is
growing up and I think that's so cool
like he is getting a personality and I
love it what this is what Jared actually
said he's like like he's growing he's
developing like he's becoming a human
baby he's playing like he understands he
understands what it is to play and I
love that I was like you know I was so
excited when Ellie told me that she got
on film like so pumped I could not wait
to see it yeah he kept doing it all day
I was like Jackson I'm gonna get you and
he's like oh like run started into the
cord
I'm totally gonna try it with him
tomorrow I'm gonna try it because I'm
actually gonna catch them unlike someone
like I'm gonna catch them on the first
try you were a little slow but I think
oh I think you'll do next
I think excuse me that's my main camera
so we have a meet-up coming up on this
Saturday at 4 o'clock in Salt Lake at
the city of Creek Center by the fountain
we want to see you guys there so it
would be fun to hang out anything yeah
I'm excited to see Sam and Jenica cuz
it's been a long time it's been since no
longer fair sentences and Jenner car
watching not gonna lie there's been a
couple of times you're adjourned and I
were like this is ridiculous things live
40 minutes away like we might have a way
down yeah so but we're both crazy a lot
of people yeah Sam schedule like this
past week or two like he was working
like 18-hour days well yeah yeah so I'm
really excited to meet all of you guys
from Instagram from YouTube comments
like I'm really excited to see all of
you guys who aren't there there's been
tons of people who have commented like
for a long time like oh you're gonna be
there that's gonna be so awesome to see
you like I'm really excited
exciting Jackson's sleeping right now so
we wanted to talk about throwback
Thursday
yes we've gathered you together if you
guys are new here on Thursdays we do
throwback Thursday and as you can see
we're in our Grammys now because I just
got home from work I was working at work
all day I'm really really tired
I feel bad because we haven't filmed
like anything at all about throwback
Thursday is like a one-take where we
tell fun story about our past yeah
or one of us will tell a story so I
think tonight I'm gonna give it over to
Jerrod cuz this is gonna be a good one
okay this is the story all about how my
life got flipped turned upside down and
I'd lactic I'm just kidding okay so
here's the camera so a lot of you guys
know that I serve my church mission in
Finland oh the batteries already
blinking balls it's a no-no just try to
try in it and if it goes out so I serve
my church mission in Finland I lived in
Finland for a while and gosh I miss it
like crazy Finland is cold and dark in
the winter time and really cold I think
when I was there one time it got down to
like negative 40 degrees which is it's
funny negative 48 Celsius and negative
40 Fahrenheit is where they meet up
where the table temperatures meet up but
it's really cold and sometimes people
would get discouraged and you know
people who are living in Finland that
aren't used to it they get discouraged
and kind of down and service people ya
know missionaries there that are serving
and they're there as volunteers yeah
that's right that's been done by the
people are living there so it just so
happened that the whole group all the
missionaries that were in the mission
got together one time and they're just
like we just you know we just need to
get pumped up like we just this this is
like the the people who are planning to
get together we just need to like get
pumped up when you have fun when you
have you know get excited and everything
and they're like elder Meachem like can
you think of anything and I was like
yeah like let's let's pretend to have a
motivational speaker at the place and
they're like oh that's great you can do
it and I was like okay I could do that I
can be motivating so what I did is I
created a character called motivational
Steve and he's actually he's actually
here at our house he's staying with us
I'm gonna go get a round pick did we
explain that well enough well Jarrod
goes and gets motivational Steve I just
want to explain it a little bit in case
anybody was confused there
our there was like a group of 60
volunteers that were in Finland to serve
and help others and to teach people
about Christ and all of that group of
people were getting a little discouraged
it was cold you know they were missing
their families and it was dark and cold
and they're missing their families and
so a group of 60 of them got together
this is who Jared was talking to when he
found motivational Steve hey guys my
name is motivational Steve and I'm here
to tell you something I'm here to tell
you something very important I want you
to listen to me closely okay because I'm
only gonna say it once no I'm not gonna
say I'm gonna say it a million times
because I want you guys to hear it okay
I want to tell you that your mission
there's possible don't get do it okay
that's what I'm here to tell you guys
worry about business to do we got things
to do we've got people to see we got
places they're going hey my name is
motivational Steven I'm here to tell you
that your mission it's possible
Michelle can collect all right
motivational Steve here you see these
legs
you see these paths yeah more than 7,000
squats a day okay I work for it you can
do it you can have these these things
okay all right no Steve here signing out
thank you very much you're always thank
you so much and motivational classes ten
easy payments of $29.99 you can sign up
for these classes get my e-book online
it's only $3,000 check it out
motivational Steve calm and that is
motivational Steve so Jarrod more
motivation will say a lot of people are
probably like what I promise
motivational Steve is not a creepy guy
motivational Steve was it was just funny
like everyone was just so tired it was
dark cold and people just needed to
laugh and so what I did is I got up and
I just basically just made people laugh
and I talked in a funny voice and told
them you know you guys can do it you can
have fun and do this like you've just
got to have a positive attitude and
you're never possible yeah you've got to
have a positive attitude you can do
these things and just remember Pat about
so-and-so that was that was kind of
funny so I think that was probably one
of the most memorable moments of my my
mission was after that everyone came up
to me I was just like thanks like that
was fun
like we needed that that was that was
good it was weird but it was good but
yeah that was motivational Steve and
it's funny my parents are asking me like
all the time when are you gonna bring
motivational Steve back when are you
gonna talk about motivational Steve in
the vlogs because I ever would write I
wrote home about it and told them about
it but yeah that's motivational Steve
it's just a funny little stupid thing
but just remember guys anything that
comes to you in life y'all can do it
that is Jarrod's story of him trying to
help him and others be positive and
anything is possible pretty much you're
useless if my dad has always told me
attitude is everything like if you have
a positive attitude you can do things it
may be hard but you can honestly if you
set your mind to it you can accomplish
should we do two throwback Thursdays and
tell them about your childhood when you
were upset a lot and your
for a story that's a whole that's
another throwback Thursday okay I want
it to become a serious because it is
Syria it was a totally series it changed
Jared's life forever Jared and I have
had a lot of conversations about that
about when Jared was younger about how
they than the story I'm not I'm just as
a different guy different row back
Thursday I just saying how it changed
his life forever because he was he
wasn't in the right mindset yeah so
we'll do that next Thursday for
throwback Thursday do it in the future
you your bearded let I have a beard
trimmer and I'm excited to use it thanks
for watching guys just remember you can
join it's possible remember you guys
remember it it's possible
