we have exciting news baby you won't
believe this guys today is my day off of
work what wait that's not very exciting
oh but that dance is exciting Oh baby
exciting news guys I am gonna take my
sweet beautiful amazing wonderful
incredible wife on a date oh I'm going
on a date I'm excited
and also not to tell me where we're
going and we are going to have a Utah
Meetup
we have an exciting day we have an
exciting day I'm excited but first we
had a very fun opportunity to taste
nature bar we are going to have a fun
opportunity to taste nature boxes Ronna
odd now when they asked us if we were if
we wanted to try out their products or
try out their samples um I absolutely
said yes just because I had to show you
guys when I had Jackson eight months ago
um I hate eating healthy snacks I don't
I love to eat my Oreos my cheese
crackers everything under the Sun that's
not healthy so I bought this eight
months ago granite it's almost gone but
that's eight months like le basically
had to force herself to eat those when
she was pregnant because she's like I
want to eat healthy but I want to snack
on things yeah and I got these for a
nice breastfeeding because it has nuts
and stuff and I hate eating nuts so that
is why when nature box is like hey do
you guys want to try these stuff out I
was like absolutely because when we do
try and get pregnant in January or
between January and spring I want to
have something healthy that I actually
like so I'm excited to do this I'm
excited to see what snacks we got
because there's I guess you can do a
surprise and then you can actually pay
snacks I would do a surprise if I want
you know I just opens up right or you
you can just rip the Box open too I
guess
there's a flap that you just
conveniently flip open it basically
opens itself oh sure just just rip
the Box open so oh well yeah I guess I
have like over a hundred different types
of snacks on there it's really really
cool so we're I'm let's see what we got
what do we get what we get we got granny
smith apple oh that's yummy naturebox
is a cool thing they have a monthly
subscription based service where they
send you guys snacks that you choose or
the surprise they deliver to all 50
states in America even to like peel
boxes so that's really cool they're
super healthy there's no high fructose
corn syrup there's no artificial
flavorings or colorings and they're
gluten conscious I guess which I is
that's cool so what you just tried
wanting you to even say anything Ellie
that's good Jackson what oh maybe I
won't let him know
I probably wouldn't let him eat any of
that so probably the coolest thing I
think about naturebox is every box they
deliver they actually donate a meal to
feeding America they're going to do over
1 million meals this year and I think
that's pretty cool so I yeah sorry I
like delve in but we find just right I
just tried the sweet blueberry which is
really good apples how do you like them
apples but anyway good fun I honestly
thought when I was a good Apple when I
do try and get pregnant again though
like I am gonna be pretty adamant I mean
I was adamant trying to be healthy when
I was pregnant Jackson and even after to
breastfeed but I just I have a hard time
because I like Oreos and treats so this
is kind of fun yeah I think that we
should do it more often Kevin because
this will be fun for our date
cuz I think Jared's taking me on some
sort of heightened yeah we're gonna go
on a hike so I think we're gonna take
these with us so with naturebox we
actually get a free trial if you click
the link that'll have down below they'll
give you a free trial let's try it out
you can also do five snacks for 20
dollars a month so not too shabby
and I'm super excited to try these I
haven't tried the mango but I just gave
it to Jackson mm-hmm just to see and you
he's annoying on it so baby approved oh
yeah great right now yeah I gosh is
coming we gotta do this this is very
important these are important things
that we're doing we're trying to hurry
my all the addresses on our letters that
we're sending to everyone and we put
Jackson to this room of like just give
us two seconds try all these EDX game oh
hey hey
write the letter right P o box P o box
you stay there
you stay there no no no Jared write it
write it write it faster oh you're so
cute mysterious like carrot hurry up
let's get these shipped and sent
speaking of Sam speaking of cheb okay
never really gang of her guys we're just
jealous we won't be mean to oliver and
gains were just jealous
well what about
gamesome gayness ends on guessin that's
key or Chris Parrillo jettison look
jettisons cute Jedi said Jedi Jack guys
die Jaka die Jaka die Jaka die Jaka die
and anyway we gotta go we gotta go on
our days hey guy no I have to take my
wife on a date you guys got to stay here
no you can come okay one more thing if
you guys haven't seen : Katie's and
Gaines wonderful appearance into the
world we will have their birth video
down below oh my goodness it brought
tears in my eyes when Katie was like why
isn't she crying because it's just like
you just know how she feels I knew
exactly how she felt
it's like why is it the baby crying yet
and then when she cried she started
crying it was just beautiful so we'll
have that listed down below
David name how did you do it did you do
boop boop doop boop boop boop boop boop
boop dude mm-hmm
can you tell her excited let's go on our
date for the 10th million times
I woke up this morning and I was like
you know what I'm gonna get ready and
because it's Jared's day off I'm gonna
let him choose what we'll do I'll have
him taking me on a date so I'm going to
get all fancy and I figured we'd be
doing something like this so I tried to
prepare with some shoes and we are on
this cute little hey oh my gosh we drove
an hour and we're on a little bridge
where's the troll where's the troll uh
but we drove an hour to get here and
I've got my little kangaroo here he is
like loving it and I when I jump and
skip like that he like will keep
bouncing Vivian yeah I guess we haven't
been on a hike in a while with him look
at that this is seriously so cool this
is such a cute hike we are in Category
yeah cascade scream I don't even know if
I call it a hike we parked like ten
steps over there yeah it's more just
like a fun little walkway I don't know
they have like little spots that you can
sip water so kind of fun but this is a
good day and then Jared's going to take
me out to dinner when we're done we'll
never know where yeah and he's like I'm
not going to tell you so that's the fun
of it I'm like extra excited today
because you're you have no idea you're
coaching me I like this this is so cool
the water is kind of fun it's fun just
being here but you could smell it
we can smell it doing things like this
makes me think holy crap Utah has so
much to offer and we've lived here for
what six years and we haven't take
advantage of like anything I always been
here her whole life I said it all say it
again because of the vlogging it's made
us appreciate where we live and I
actually really love it
lots of really cool things to see this
is where we're going to take our picture
look at that - water I've been just
yeah
how fun
the heels are aligned with the new fall
colors the leaves the leaves are
changing it is just at the very
beginning and I just already think it's
so beautiful
pretty much we should have come not now
and in like two weeks a week or two from
now this will all be orange and red and
yellow and green and I'll even be more
beautiful than it is right now I'll have
to go a lot yeah you can bet we're
taking you guys on a lot of hikes but
you're looking at just you're looking at
no don't look at mom look at me look at
me
you silly pants he's reaching for me I
think you like me no he wants me he just
probably just doesn't know this has so
much life he doesn't even know what to
do a little guys I'm really really sorry
to say but no walking on very very tiny
canoes allowed here you can't walk on
tiny canoes while you're here okay just
so you guys know in the future if you
brought your tiny canoes you can't walk
on them while you're here
well don't you look all cute they're
sitting on that bench tired just kidding
this is like the cutest little trail
ever like there are people that are like
just wearing like sandals it's just like
a little trail it's not even like a hike
this is I can tell you though I am out
of shape
I've got Jackson on me and just the
tiniest little things I'm like we're not
used to walking like we did in New York
yeah I am out of shape guys and I need
to get into shape that's one of the
things I need to get into his shape
shape I need to get into you
and here if the valleys that we're going
to go into hope I don't lose oh my
goodness one of my favorite things about
going on hikes and going on my long
drives is that Ellie and I get the
chance to just like sit down and talk
and one of my favorite things that we
talk about is we do like what if like
what if we moved where would you want to
move if you could pick anywhere in the
world to move where would it be and why
also like if we had a million bazillion
dollars what would we do right now like
what would you want to do we could go
anywhere in the world we could do
anything that you wanted what would you
do like we just like the what-if
scenarios we always talk about those
things what if we have three kids like
what if we have three kids right now
what would we be doing how would we be
doing things different but no matter
what it's always just like I'm always
grateful that I'm doing it with you it's
true even though it's cheesy it's true
it and it's not cheesy it's not cheesy
and it's not like cliche or anything but
it's what I have to say it's a feel like
it'll be true like I really wouldn't rap
I I mean I'd like to have other people
join in and have a lot of fun but I'm so
glad that I'm having this time and
opportunity with my sweet wife I love
you and I think you're beautiful
and I want to kiss your mouth I'm gonna
stop the car right now I'm the car stop
it isn't Park I'm gonna kiss you on the
mouth let me Tim I turn the
camera away so they wouldn't get all too
mushy
oh thanks we'd have to censor that out
yeah there's a little bit of tongue in
there yeah anyway we're just driving
down Jarrod thank you that was very
sweet of you I agree with everything he
just said especially kissing you okay
now you have to give me five dollars for
me saying that like I didn't want to I
still recording yeah well you have to
give me five dollars because that was
the agreement we had I was all motion
gushing and you gave me five dollars
okay take me at lunch because I want to
tell you about this at the very
beginning of the vlog I told you that we
were going to have a Utah Meetup and
this is the best part
Sam and Jenica are gonna be there too
we're gonna have him meet up with Sam
and Jenica and Noah baby knows I'm not
either and he's so cute
so Sammy Jenica and Ellie and Jared
we're gonna have a you Tom meetup this
Saturday at 4 p.m. at the City Creek
fountain here from Utah you probably
know what that is but that's what's
going down Saturday September 27th we
are gonna have any time meet up really
soon I'm probably not much of a notice
for a lot of people but it worked out
for both of us and we just like threw it
together but we'll have another one I'm
sure in the summer so that's what's
going down thank you guys for watching I
hope you have a wonderful day we'll see
you guys in the next video if you liked
the video be sure to thumbs up comment
and subscribe and we'll see you guys
next time dude she screws Oh
