I wanted to surprise you with your own
very iPhone 6 plus extra-large this is
your iPhone Ellie look that's huge
good morning good morning good morning
to you good morning guys I don't know if
I told you guys the other day but I took
in Jackson to the doctor and he had
croup well I told you that but I
actually went to the doctor and me and
Jared have the same symptoms we both
have a dolt crew and there's nothing
really they can do for us and so last
night our throat felt like it was
shrinking and it was so bad and Jackson
was up all night we were up all night so
Jared actually took a personal day today
and or a sick day I guess and so Jared's
home at Jackson and I've got to go in to
Walley world I've got to go grab just a
couple things for Jared and I for the
day I think tomorrow I'm going to film
my very first Weston Ellie's belly and
so I got my chicken scampi seasoning and
I think I'm going to do my chicken
scampi recipe and I'm kind of nervous
but I'm really excited to try and see
how well it turns out Thank You Jackson
for taking a two-and-a-half hour nap oh
my goodness I got a nap that felt so
good sometimes you wonder like holy cow
Jackson are you still alive I know I
like wanna go pick on him but he's been
asleep for two and a half hours jared is
so jelly of everybody that got the new
iPhone so he is making sure to catch up
on the iPhone madness right now and
how's your voice my throat is like
swollen shut I know it hurts so bad and
I just can't talk very I can't talk good
but I feel like I've I got it a little
bit before Jared and I feel like I'm
getting a little bit better before he
gets better but at night is the worst
like last night we seriously have like
the hardest time we after I got home
from work pretty late last night we
watched a movie and we were just like
looking at each other like can you
breathe can you breathe are are our
throats felt like it was that big like
we were just like I'm like swallowing
hurt really bad too so I really felt
about that Jackson's about this too but
I'm gonna go peek on him because I can
hear a plane
oh hey Jackson are you just playing
quiet you're playing quietly you're
playing yeah you got your giraffe in
here
you've been playing so quietly you took
a good nap you ready to get out yeah
come on come on stand up oh good try a
buddy good job son
want you to get mouth rails on that
because once he gets chompers in there
you guys know they're gonna be huge I
jarred knives and he's gonna rip this
apart he's such a good sweet baby okay
let's go eat
I know this is gonna sound kind of gross
but every time Jackson has a binky in
his mouth and I take it out I always
smell it I just like to I like to smell
his little breath and it's so funny
seeing the toys that are in his crib
that are soaking wet like that the drabs
ear is wet like he's just been in here
just like lick it on his drap and it it
just smells like little baby breath it's
a funny
it smells like baby morning breath
you're doing kisses can I have a kiss
one more have it this don't get my dink
you Jerry it's your turn to feed him
hey I wanted to surprise yourself with
something you know how you're talking
about how every
I'm so jealous that everyone got like
the iPhones and everything yeah well I
wanted to surprise you with your own
very iPhone six-plus extra large this is
your iPhone Ellie look that's huge I
don't like it but it's yours and it's
your iPhone six-plus extreme super large
edition Wow
and you believe look at it how awesome
you already got it set up for me I've
restored it from hi mom oh my gosh I
want to come see you isn't that awesome
yeah Jackson this is you too look how
thin it is and how awesome it is
it's like Retina display gotta go buy
your so you know it's like retina look
how thin that is Jackson do you see how
thin that is do you like that Jackson do
you want to say hello say oh hi grandma
give it away I got you your iPhone
six-plus extra-large supreme awesome
macho man edition with Retina display
well thank you you're welcome
I hope you enjoy
play me more tunes play me some more
tunes there you go so we don't have a
big enough TV that we have to come to
Best Buy to watch football just got
knocked down to think about that do we
have a big enough TVs you can always get
bigger
Jarrod I have been looking at lenses and
oh my gosh I don't think I've ever been
nerded out geeked out so much in my life
I actually like wanting different lens
we've got our Canon t5i and we just got
the lens that came with the kit and so
far it works really good for us and I
like it but we're just looking for in
the future
for what other lens we'll want that's
more of like a blurred background in a
high aperture am i saying my words right
whatever Jarrod I'll have my own
conversation without you but anyway it's
been fun to look at lenses I'm totally
geeking out about it right now it's kind
of fun Elian i/o and part of me so Ellie
and I were really excited today because
we were just walking down the road and
they had this huge awesome little event
going on called Heritage Days and we
were like yeah let's take Jackson when
we get back and we'll go to that because
there's lots of food there's games and
it's awesome and it's awesome mountain
right there and sure enough right when
we walked back to get it everything just
has disappeared there were like canopies
and tens and tons and tons of people
it's almost like we woke up and the
world has ended like there's no one here
right now we walked a far away yeah we
walked a long way and I really have some
sweat in places that like my armpits
it's hot outside guys and I don't feel
very good
I guess shucks go get pizza darn it you
know we were planning on you know going
to this and getting pizza I guess we're
only gonna have to get pizza this is the
worst day ever
whoa you pop a balloon
hey won't you buy my balloon where do
you get giant balloons like that Ellie I
really want to get a giant balloon 99 a
sluice bad loans ha
it's like 99 no it's German it's 99 red
balloons I don't really know how you
sing it in German but I think is a
Goldfinger Goldfinger does a really
really good cover of it is it Goldfinger
I'm gonna look it up yeah it's
Goldfinger
Goldfinger does an awesome cover of 99
red balloons and I really liked it very
much le I really do you talking about
look at those mountains mountains a
squirrel but I say mountain mountain
mountain mountain it's hot enough that I
just really really really want to stick
my head inside of this because I think I
will look at that
was it cold oh it's like my see it's not
too cold but it's holding up that'd be
like really refreshing I would dip my
head if I was on a cutting towel
Larry crushing stuff see it doesn't look
bad you got bad you have so much product
in your hair just it's not product le
that's just how my hair is know that
it's product it's hairspray and gel and
spray wax in this
so we went a little bit crazy and we
each got our own tiny little mutant
yeah baby little tiny pizza and I've
only been taking one bite cuz it's so
hot when they're so hungry and they want
to eat Pete's rabbit Kareem take a bite
I'm creating that's really hot and you
like what you get come on
I don't chug China pizza oh wow nothing
sure sounds really gross some people oh
I got the man pizza it's sausage
pepperoni and bacon bacon bacon bacon
bacon bacon bacon thing okay so did you
get Jackson mmm you just have little
rice cakes kiss me you think this person
like I want my snack you don't give me
kiss before I give her the snack Oh
Jared my eyebrow hurts really bad but I
think I have like really bad sinus pain
but it's like right here and so my
eyebrow hurts like so hardcore is it
kind of like I have a headache your
actual hair hurts sometimes yeah but you
know what what if you want to live
hardcore you got a be hardcore for those
about to rock we salute you okay guys I
think we got em vlog I'm so tired
I know Jared really doesn't feel well so
I think we're gonna end it now and try
and go to bed I am assuming you don't
want to do a handstand I'll film you
doing a wonderful you don't need to film
me I got under control the past couple
days the piano has done well baybel new
killed you anytime you want anywhere you
want any place you want I love holding
Ellie I love her and holding her is one
of my favorite things to do what I said
hold me and then so I'm like yeah of
course I'll do that that is something
that be happy to do I would love to do
that for you thanks for watching guys
bye
