it's that time again le you know we need
to do
where I look like a gypsy no you don't
look like a jittery guys don't look okay
look Rick I wasn't gonna give a grade I
was gonna get ready today but then I
thought this is what it's gonna I really
like the way you you know told that
story Ellie it's not it's not done yet
it's hey hi buddy
good morning ha ha
how are you thinking hey buddy how are
you doing good all that slobber you a
once levering boy ha ha ha deer in the
headlights
seriously he's still pretty tired huh
ready 1 2 3
faker Elliott look at all that hair is
that funny is that funny are you
laughing at daddy's pain let's get a
hold on it hold on hold on hold on hold
on wait for it wait for it
see this is why we need a new camera
guys it's like taking forever to focus
well that's what you're gonna get you're
gonna get that do you want to know why I
said he's a faker I'm not I mean wife
saying it doesn't hurt because sometimes
you don't yell
it doesn't hurt I think is just more
dramatic but I still need to clean it up
okay Oh Jackson you're playing with your
ukulele in the wrong ways you need a
strum it not drop it but right here it's
way out of tune we need to get him a
better Youkilis okay strum it for the
ladies man good job good job Jackson
strum it for the ladies good job buddy
that's my boy
Oh daddy would get mad if you saw this
oh don't worry I'll move in I didn't let
him play but that one's daddy's look
this one this this one's yours yeah he
thinks he's pretty good he's growing up
way too fast
ah let's do this one you go you're
getting the hang of it well I had my
early morning work meeting today and I
have a little bit of time with my family
before I have to go back to work so we
figured we cash in on some free Jimmy
John's better than a free Jimmy John I
love free stuff can you just tell can I
just tell you how much I love free stuff
free stuff there's nothing better than
free unless they give you stuff but they
are giving us that well they're giving
us free sandwiches so I'm pretty excited
about that
go on to Jimmy John's to get some free
subs to find his treats anomers watching
there's no tree sorry but isn't my
little family the cutest thing ever
Jackson I think you're awesome look at
you just sitting there holding onto that
cup holder like this is my stroller
ain't nobody gonna mess with me and then
we've been going over tough training
we've been going over bumps and rocks
and he's still holding on tight he's
just like yep this is mine this is my
street don't you mess with me hey guys I
made a pit stop at my friend's house and
Jackson's best friend you guys have seen
him a couple times a little Duncan they
are just like two weeks apart and they
actually can finally like see each other
now and not just lay there like little
duds yeah guys are best friends he is so
happy
then all Duncan has two teeth
and Jackson has none so you could bite
him if you wanted Oh cute
you hold hands oh my gosh oh my gosh
Jackson oh he's soft on his face you
don't want Duncan sad
Jackson Oh your turn Duncan ketchup come
on come here buddy I love that they
finally can actually move because the
last time they were together they just
laid side by side and didn't do anything
Oh buddy hey mama good job cheer mine
you wrestling and bite in Jackson you
bite him back fighting back this is so
fun I know I love it I love that we have
our little boys to actually play
together it's so fun to be able to see
them grow together and play now if only
you would grow some teeth you could bite
back we wait for daddy to go home
jet - detected air bag we had so much
fun hanging out with Jackson's little
friend and my friend today and I think
there was a couple confusing questions
about today's vlog a lot of people like
Ellie you said are we ready for another
baby in yesterday's vlog I guess there
are a lot of you guys that haven't been
around all about
and so to clear that up what I was
meaning was Jared might have been daddy
where are you dad dad dad to clear that
up Jared and I have been pretty open
about when we want another baby
we want our two baby our first two kids
to be really close in age and especially
with Jackson he's such a good baby and
like today seeing him with his friend I
just thought you would love a sibling
like I just know he would have so much
fun with the sibling and so to clear up
what I was saying yesterday is we've
been pretty open about when we want a
baby and we've always said in January
when Jackson's a year old is kind of
when we want to start the process again
so yeah that was to kind of clear up the
confusion of yesterday when I was like
are we really thinking about having
another baby because January really
isn't that far away well I'm not gonna
lie this is kind of not fun Jared just
texted me and said that he is going to
be at work extra extra extra late
tonight and he said he's gonna find a
ride home from work and he's like why
don't you just go ahead and end the vlog
so I'm ending the vlog without Jared but
I'm going to import it for him to edit
and then I am going to wash my face put
a face mask on and I'm putting a face
mask on because I woke up and the first
thing Jackson did to me was point out my
little zit
he pointed at my zit I was like son
don't do that so I'm just gonna wash my
face put a face mask on and then I'm
going to edit my video for my channel on
Tuesday because I'm or Friday for Friday
because I'm Way behind on videos I kind
of have slacked but I haven't slapped in
the letter-writing department I have
written a whole ton of letters I really
tried to write back but you know
sometimes I can't and there's gonna come
a time in my life where I can't write
letters back you know I'll probably have
more kids and I just think it's fun why
like and write letters I should I've
been eatin chips and salsa the battery
is flashing and I have got to end the
blog so this is going to kind of be
awkward I'm going to set you guys right
here don't go anywhere right here are
you guys ready
I got a tuck and mush served okay not
sure
this is going to be the day that I
knocked over the TV and I won't be able
to get it in the frame okay guys thanks
for your support thanks for watching and
we'll see you guys later
that was good one more time one more
time that was really good one more thing
um my video my eight month update for
Jackson action will be on my channel
tomorrow so pretty much right now so if
you guys want to check it out you can
see yeah bye
