good morning it's Wednesday and do you
know what that means le some day hum day
you do know what else I mean there's a
bug oh my gosh there is no it's a fly
it's that fly damn damn damn
dang fly he has been in our house
probably for three days straight and no
one can catch him we need a fly catcher
here cheered like I'm gonna slop that
fly in the face I want to punch that
stupid fly right in a stupid face just
punch it
it's Wednesday and that means iOS oh
yeah isn't that so exciting
yeah are you not excited well I guess I
wasn't do you know what iOS 8 means yes
is the new software system for the I
thought I have dragged you so well I'm
so happy for you but and here's what I
wanted to talk about it's kind of funny
so I have an iPhone and I have an
Android phone for work and I really
really like them both because I'm just
kind of like a tech nerd I really really
like gadgets and gizmos and whosits and
whatsits galore I want more
anyway he's awesome man oh that's
another thing oh my gosh so there's two
things real quick
so first we'll get back to the cell
phones iOS 8 comes out today and one of
the big things about it is you can have
third-party keyboards and probably the
first thing that I'm going to download
is called swipe if you have an Android
phone you know it swipe is you just like
swipe out the letters and everything I
really like iPhones but does it make me
like I'm really excited that Apple is
finally taking some of the stuff that
Android has and putting it into iPhone
yeah right because on his old phone it
was nice cuz if I wanted a text and like
you can say and I love you
oh but with the iPhones you have to say
I or you or you speak it but I'm so
happy that it's finally available but
like a lot of people are like well
Android has had that for years I know I
have an Android phone
I like Android - does that make me less
of a person no I'm really excited I'm
really excited for iOS 8 you want to
know what we were thinking this morning
Jared and I were um we did a fun little
ad for Nashville if you guys had seen it
on our pre-roll ads it was kind of fun
to do but Jared and I had clicked an old
video let's I want to bring it and I
want to show you okay go get it hold it
hold the camera and I'll be right back
okay you can film if you want
okay Jared I'll be right back in the
meantime when I walked in this morning
to get Jackson guess oh he was doing
again yep he was over there standing up
you standing up saying and you're having
a good little brunch right now joint
your bottle okay okay
we came across this video that we had
from gosh when Jackson was just a couple
weeks old
and I was looking and I was like holy
crap do I look like a naked mole-rat in
this like look at my face
like do I is this really what I look
like every day when my face is like
clean-shaven should I keep my beard
because I look like a naked mole-rat
when it's shit look at that isn't that
crazy use the different I look totally
different it's been so long hasn't
really been that long it's been like a
month but I like injured I like what
you're doing now if I just it just looks
I don't know I look like I'm 10 years
old that's what I feel like let me know
in the comment down below should I keep
my facial hair or try shave it I know
it's not that good but should I keep it
it is good because I like how it's just
defined around your jaw and it's not
like a pure like crazy
I actually really like and it used to be
patchy but the longer it gets it kind of
fills it in yeah I know I look at
clothes
let me know what should i do what should
I do who inside say your friend not sure
Jackson it's auntie Rihanna you guys
like who is that this is my friend right
and I went to hair school with her and
we are gonna go shopping today so we're
gonna get our shopping on and we brought
Jackson along with us really good
shopper huh yeah he seriously is like
dazed I know he's kind of scared of me
anything
sunglasses the only way for Jackson to
smile was for Rihanna to finally put her
sunglasses on him but he won't smile at
her
finally a half-smile
how boys but did get in Jackson I want
Jackson to look at this waterfall and
he's loving it but he won't really touch
the water like I try and sit him by the
water he doesn't really want to touch it
ok good
that's right except better there you go
now he's kind of touching it I don't
think I did a very good job explaining
me and Rihanna but when we don't worry
I'm holding him but when me and Rihanna
met we were in hair school and she was
like my only friend and then we became
best friends so this is my best friend
and we just wanted to have lunch
together because it's been besides and
Jackson besides my baby shower I think
it been a couple years before we
actually saw each other because when I
moved I mean we're only two hours away
but it's just time and family and way
too crazy and she's been neglecting me
oh I know I've been a neglectful friend
so we're making it up thank you
okay I'm gonna put Jackson in the
stroller now and it's our turn to shop
so Jackson you had your fun looking at
the waterfall but now it's our turn
accent you have one rule you better
close your eyes sorry you're out with
the girl shopping this is what you're
gonna get two favorite things in the
world blush and a candy store and just
because I just went to lush I think
maybe I'll skip out today I know that's
crazy but I want to going to oh we are
okay okay we'll go but I want to go into
the candy store because I love some
candy and Rihanna says it's pretty sweet
huh you get it sweet
lollipop
you see all this candy can you smell all
this candy
Croesus look at these tea tree says have
to get not look how big this I was
directing rallies oh my gosh
I don't know nerds he actually really
likes nerd back I know he's a nerd no
Jared I don't know if this is Twizzlers
or a whip but I think you could use it
for both I'm getting you one and whipped
Jared yeah
yeah this is crazy I love all the candy
so you know how I bought this the other
day from lush for my shampoo
while she's showing me it's a hard come
a solid conditioner oh my gosh it's even
like squishy oh whoa whoa you can end up
back together
but that's really cool so they've got
regular conditioners and then solid
conditioners oh you guys know this is my
favorite store you guys take a boy you
give me kiss
yo there's just a mile bye bye see ya so
good are you fine now he's finally happy
he was like not smiling all day bye
buddy was anything you give a kiss next
time we'll see Ryker will hang out with
Rihanna's boy he wasn't able to come
today okay we'll hang out kisses gotta I
made a pit stop at mom and dad and you
wouldn't believe this kids never climbed
up stairs in his life and he's already
up one going on to come on
he's never climbed up stairs before and
he's already doing it oh my goodness son
little wobbly come on try another one
try another one what
it's a little tush push whoa oh help
grandma grandma okay you looking mind
and look how many stairs you come that's
a long way up one more pitch is shaken
keep goin
don't look down oh I know I just put my
foot pinned right there so you don't
fall yeah thanks
yeah he's must be exhausted there's a
lot of stairs here oh my goodness is it
normal for an @ 8 month old freshly 8
month all to be able to climb a full
flight of stairs nope I'm done I'm done
turn back are you tired just so I heard
take a rest my goodness I mean he is
exhausted moment hey I know
so hard he's so shaky you're doing good
get up it's weird he's breathing so hard
like all those stairs he's climbed a
tall wine more get your hand up this
last why not help you hurry hey give me
your hand
hurry oh I'll help you
hurry I got you son now come on don't we
stop here he's like I want to do it on
my own
come on hey Hugo come on hey Jackson Wow
are you gonna do now
no he wants to go down then slide on
down like what a long day at work Ellie
it is just so good to see your pretty
face to see you I was so sad I went to
get Jared I love you and I love you I
went to go get Jared and star I want to
go get me and and world war Jackson he
like didn't have a nap today and he was
just upset and in the car and tried gone
off quite a bit later than we expected
so Jackson had to wait in there and be
nice thank you guys for watching you
guys are awesome feel free if you guys
haven't already be sure to hit that
subscribe button and if you guys like
the video thumbs it up thumbs it up take
your thumb run now and click the button
and burn a pain about in your nose and
in my mouth see tomorrow bye
