love new days how much do you guys love
to go to bed and wake up and have a new
start every single day it is the best
Jackson has not taken this good of a nap
and forever because we've been traveling
with him like crazy and he's been sick
but he feels much better and I can hear
you talking I can hear you
hi son hi huh hi huh hi Jackson
what a good husband I have we just
pulled up to go to lunch together
because it's Jared stay off I love it
when we can go to lunch together and he
is helping this man it looks like his
bike fell over
so Jared's helping him pick it up what a
good husband what a good husband and
father I really am grateful
I know I know cheesy cheesy moment but I
am really grateful for Jared because he
does this often with people
he's always looking to help others and
I'm really grateful for that
Jackson are you getting loves from
Jackson Oh would you pinky go Oh rose
we are at Best Buy the most magical
place in the entire world just hanging
out having fun it's my day off today so
we're doing whatever we want or having
fun we just had dinner at Applebee's but
we forgot the stroller so I'm telling
Jackson to rest his head on me and we'll
walk he doesn't really want
oh are you good talking my ear
good um hey holy hyperdrive Jackson is
going crazy crazy on his jumper
can you jump so so fast it's been a long
time since he's been in that jumper I
think he's missed it a lot
yay Jackson the first time like just two
seconds ago we put him in he was like
gone he was like going like crazy why
can't we have that much energy I know
seriously today we got home from town I
was like you gotta take Jackson let me
just close my eyes for five minutes
probably out for like 20 minutes now
it's my turn
no Suns gonna watch oh you don't need to
watch him he's in his bouncer he can
watch himself yeah check it out he'll be
fine Kurt and I are having a deep almost
this close to argument conversation is
not alright is it was that argument but
it's like Jared's on one side and I'm on
the other end Jackson's like get me out
of here you guys ever play like
scenarios like what if this happened
what would you guys do in that situation
yeah so we're playing a scenario
oh and my friend on Facebook she said
she was at Costco and she moved her cart
for a lady to get through an older lady
obviously there was enough room for her
when my friend thought that there was so
the older lady took her car and shoved
it into her cart to move the cart and
her kid was in it and so she hit the
cart with the kid and kept and then kept
going and my friend said that she was
glaring on like glaring at her and left
now granted this is a scenario it just
makes me riled up and it makes my blood
boil but I was like I would do one of
two things and this is probably I
wouldn't but this is what I'd want to do
one I would want to try and stay calm
and follow her out to her car as I'm
calling the cops
and get her license plate number and
tell the cop cops she attacked my kid
she did she took her car and shoved it
into my car she attacked my kid and then
the second scenario was it's true don't
laugh at me this is where Jared's like
Ellie I would have yelled I would have
been like she attacked my kid she hit my
kid that way everyone could like
surround her and not let her leave
Costco until the cops got there she
attacked my kid because she did she took
her car on purpose slammed into my car
with my kid in it
and Garrett's laughing I well I just
think like well I'd be like I beg your
pardon like my baby's in the car would
you apologize please like that was
extremely rude and if she's like mm-hmm
then I'd be like okay then let's take
some drastic measures and let's beat it
right in the face punch her fronting
first oh oh all right shot right Jared
be like excuse me I I don't like
confrontation I don't like making a
scene but if something like that
endangered my kid I would probably take
matters in my own hand and I would say
pardon me that was very rude like dying
to that that's rude sometimes and I
but I'm just trying to think of what
like my parents would do you know and
probably it would probably be the worst
thing to like make a scene and whatever
you know because it's like some people
could turn around and then go crazy on
you and then somebody might get hurt to
do that Anneliese the type of person who
would go crazy on your face but I don't
know I just it just made me mad as all
like I just read the post and I was like
my Bloods already boiling at the
situation but honestly I went to just
let it slide I probably would have
calmly just walked out to the cars to
get our license plate and just called it
in with the cops do anything probably
not would she do anything if I followed
her to her car probably not she was an
old lady so I don't know that's what I
would do it just made me mad like would
you guys do something would you have
like flipped out what would you do about
it
obviously Jared would be the parent to
let his child get a beautiful body but I
would not that's where this discussion
ends Rob okay
this was the scenario that was all I
don't know hmm
fight adjourn enough I know I know we
were just talking or playing I know we
talked about scenarios all the time well
I think it's time to take a bath well
look what we have here oh my gosh I
cannot believe this you can't either
holy cow he did this all by himself we
just walked in and he kept he kept
whining and I was like sure gonna give
him this pinky and I came and I was like
Jared you're standing up all by yourself
dude do we need to lower your mattress
so you don't fly out of here yeah oh my
gosh are we gonna have to do that right
now
um I think you go carrot now but these
buckets under here where are we gonna
possibly put them we have no room in our
place literally don't go there you go
he's fine good you sleep Thank You pinky
he's absolutely here he's not gonna
sleep Ellie he's just been needing
someone to cuddle with I'll try to
cuddle a man here take this just oh no
no
oh no no no I'm absolutely not Jared
okay come here I cannot believe you just
got in there if this breaks I guess it
was I still expensive 150 isn't as bad
as 300 he just needs someone to cuddle
with when he's going to sleep you like
to cuddle with me I'm just returning the
favor to him right hey I cannot wait
here standing that's Hawaiian I can't
believe you good night good night turn
off the light okay Jackson I can't go to
bed get out of there
go fine just get out
I mean chair huh
Jared not eating so loud I'm from
Jackson naughty both my boys are being
naughty turn I turn my turns and a half
I've got a turd and a half one's a
turtle and a half what are we gonna do
this is a guy how do you think oh I
don't he's not gonna fall out there he
goes there you go oh my god she's after
he's like proud of him well I got the
mattress out of the crib I've got the
tools that I need and I'm gonna lower
this bad boy so Jackson does not fell
out I cannot believe how fast he is
growing up this is crazy
this is literally blowing my this is not
literally this is figuratively blowing
my mind right now that he's growing up
this fast that this little boy is like
standing up and trying to get out of his
crib is like I don't want to be in here
I don't want to go to bed yet so I'm
gonna climb right out that's what's
gonna happen right now aren't isn't that
can you believe this Ellie my turds and
a half I cannot believe this we're all
done we lowered the crib we're gonna put
the mattress in and guess what I can
still fit my bins under there I thought
I was gonna have to
my bin somewhere else start complete
your bins anywhere you please girl okay
I got your mr. giraffe we've got your
little blankie okay get your wrap you're
gonna go on an adventure you have to
have your giraffe q is that hmm I
honestly think that's his favorite toy
I know toy he favors I know thank the
coal once again it seriously is his
favorite toy
good job son look he's even lifted not
like up oh my gosh
jared is still recording Jackson guys
Jackson I'm proud of him I'm proud that
he's like learning this is so fun but
mine dad buddy high five yeah wants to
get out look he's lifting that leg up oh
my gosh son oh my gosh look jack Cena's
like walking along the crib oh my gosh a
lot of you guys have been like just so
you know he may be walking soon
I really think he'll probably be an
early Walker he doesn't really use his
knees all that much but he definitely
wants to stand oh my gosh trouble and a
half trouble and a half this guy is a
troublemaker are we really ready to have
another baby oh boy I guess you've got a
soft landing bud
there you have it there you have it
folks we've got a stand-in baby proud of
you should we end the vlog sweetheart I
guess now's a better time than okay
we'll end it in here well we'll get
kisses and say good night let's end it
in Jackson's really messy room and see
if you can avoid all the obstacles
don't hit the baby don't hit George and
all the other items on the floor try not
to touch here we go cuz we've got a dead
battery okay one two three huh good
night guys
we'll see you tomorrow we'll see you
little buddy tomorrow - what I just
kidding
or okay good night bye
