you see the fishies academicians can you
see him yep I will be fishies please
yeah touch him
he's huge on that thing 20 panel sense
robots hey guys good morning I am at the
little doctor's office with Jackson and
everyone in the waiting area was loving
on him everybody was wanting to touch
his feet and I was just like ah leave
him alone but it was fun having everyone
touch him I just didn't want him to get
more sick than I already think he is
he's got this little cough going on and
we've took it in to Seattle and New York
and he's been around a lot of germs and
there is a virus going around especially
in Utah right now and so I just wanted
to be safe than sorry and just bring him
in just to see what the doctor had to
say he's been a pretty happy content boy
but especially at night I think
something's been bothering him Jackson I
need to check your mouth ah captain and
to check your nose looks good to me
Jackson I need to take your seat check
then I need to check your hair yeah you
look perfect to me
wondering where all the Halloween candy
was at Walmart because I was wanting to
get some and boom I found the lottery
they have a whole section just for the
candy and I'm glad Jackson's not old
enough to share with because well I
don't want to share sorry
I want other candy to myself he's like
mom thought back there there was a lot
of candy here's the stockpile in the
back holy cow I'm in Candyland so this
is something we haven't done in a long
time I feel like we haven't really gone
on the walk it feels so good just
relaxing taking Jackson having a good
time going to the gas station getting
some frogs who goes to the gas station
for dinner we do duh yeah they have like
the best french fries and apparently
they have some really awesome ice cream
that with really tropical flavors so
we're going to try that out and it's
gonna be awesome but it just feels so oh
these guys are going down a one-way
street
you're gonna horror baby yeah
and what are they doing oh oh there's a
cop right there too and I now stop them
whoo-hoo bonk bonk good oh really real
quick what it look like
do you smell that oh you see all those
graves
oh my goodness I love it season that's
another thing my parents always bottle
his grapes grape juice it's always so
yummy it was so funny today we put
Jackson in his stroller and the other
day I didn't strap these straps I just
dropped the the other strap so that he
could eat his little snacks on his tray
and just now we put him in again and he
like automatically went to the tray and
looked in to see if there was any snacks
and there wasn't so I decided to go grab
the snacks you take some kids son so
yeah we are going to go grab some dinner
but Jackson I guess hasn't feeling me
been feeling very good he's been
coughing and it's kind of sounded really
gross
he has croup apparently that's why I
found another but the thing that we'll
give him he is still so happy I know
like the happiest baby in the entire
world I want to like cut his head cuz
he's such a good boy oh good I think
Jackson has something special about him
because we always go into areas and of
course everyone whatever a baby is
babies cute and everyone's like oh
babies but really there's something
special about Jackson because he always
like lights up dances what's wrong is he
okay he didn't like that but he just
always lights up the room where we go
and everyone always notices him and
smiles and it's really sweet and then
he'll turn to when everything will
change
no would be a sweet boy he'll be a sweet
boy but give me some fries Ellie what
did you say you wanted to get it open
yeah you would like it don't quit one
one doll quit please or two
make that two adult whips and a small
fry we can do it all fit okay
I'll fit over why are you putting so
much emphasis on the H foot
I'll whip you if you guys didn't know
how to remove the tattoo this is how you
do it
you take something sticky you rub it on
the top - it has to be really sticky cuz
you know it's kind of like permanent and
you whip it oh look at that
like that's it you have to do it a few
times but yeah I'm gonna come out one
two look why did you get a tattoo
um because everyone was doing it that's
not how it works folks just because
everyone jumps up what club are you
gonna jump off a cliff well if there's a
giant body of water under there and
Devin Supertramp is filming it I might
do that oh it's not real it's a fake
tattoo everyone was doing out of work
though so they've put one on me too
should we say a quick prayer to bless
the food don't these look like the best
fries in the world you ma'am they're
like soft on the inside and crunchy on
the outside best fries ever if you guys
ever heard of fry sauce I hear to you
topping but I'm pretty sure we had it in
Washington too but fry sauce is amazing
I am a little disappointed I'll come out
calm a cup is good too
I want wait are you dipping your fry in
that whip what clip quit and won't be my
friend they'll quit Brian it's a whip I
can't do is the Stewie voice as well
excellent well it's terrible
I'm gonna cut this fall out Oh almost
good job well Jackson I think it's
definitely way past your bedtime
so I think what we're gonna do is we're
gonna put him to bed so mommy and mama
and mom and dad can play we haven't
played a burner face ha lay back
he's smiling Jackson so here's what's up
guys I am hanging out here with Bryan
and Missy and we are actually eating
dinner together what are you making for
us tonight okay guys so i√≠ve got some
mashed potatoes boiling Ellie told me
that this pot is big enough but it's
quite full as you can see I'm not quite
sure that it's going to work and I got
some yummy chicken strips which can
throw those in the oven and we're gonna
make some gravy I am so hot like dude
chicken strips and old all up of mashed
potatoes and a baby for dessert and a
baby for dessert one more time
ah ah ah Isaac ticklish something tells
me Oliver does not want to be eaten for
dinner probably it's probably not on his
top so dinner conversation tonight we're
actually talking about how sometimes
when we turn on the camera we have no
idea what we're gonna say and we
literally just like what do I say or
when we want to say something and then
right how do I spit this out fill up
blood below al allowing either wait for
inspiration to hit me yeah I just turn
it on the first two minutes are nothing
yeah and then I'm like and then I have
like 10 minutes of things to talk about
yeah and then we upload the footage or
like crap we need to stop talking
there's like 20 times a month we need to
end this vlog so we can go eat dinner
cuz I'm starving and that food looks
delicious it looks so good right
it's almost done and we a lot of people
were getting mad about us that for not
doing handstand yesterday make it a good
one day cause we didn't do it yet yeah I
got more than people watching me
we'll see watching me and our TV is
right there
do not hit it that is the goal tonight
oh good job yay thanks for watching guys
have a good night bye
