Jackson you ready to go play outside
ready to go Google side running everyone
Jackson Jerrod and the whole family not
the other way around is at Grandma's
house and we are just getting ready to
say goodbye to Jared's family because as
you know we have seen a lot of them
lately because they've been visiting
grandpa and poor little Jackson won't
take a nap and he's just wanted to play
and get out of the house so we decided
to come out in the grass and enjoy our
day and he's so good like he hasn't even
really taken a nap and he is still happy
so I'm just going to let you go wherever
you want in the grass and eat whatever
grass you want oh that's a good one look
at a handful Gera look at all that it's
not taste yummy checks in can you crunch
the leaf you crunch it Oh guys crunchy
huh huh what a Content little boy just
playing with under filing his
fingernails on the sidewalk how do you
like that in eating Leafs this is a
pretty good Sunday afternoon I have to
say so myself
happy Sunday everyone it is a beautiful
beautiful evening and I am hanging out
with my parents it's awesome because my
parents aren't here and it's great and
wonderful but it's bad too tomorrow they
are leaving I'm gonna miss you guys I'm
gonna miss you so much I'm gonna mash up
so much dad I'm gonna miss you so much
ah but seriously on a serious note um
mom and dad are driving home back into
town tomorrow and it really is gonna be
hard we haven't seen each other in a
long time so we drove up to see mom and
dad one last time before they go back
home dev and I will probably play guitar
one last time before he goes off as well
too but what's going on in here or are
you guys
we on the bottle Harvey look Jackson can
climb up on this Jackson is like I want
to get out of this town now you hold his
hand just so he doesn't hit his head you
know but watch he'll climb up here in a
minute he has been standing like on his
feet
wait is that that's no more you stand on
your feet right no way he's been getting
crazy I'm getting on his knees oh good
job buddy he has been doing that every
time we give it baths he's like trying
to crawl out of the bathtub it is
hilarious to see
well yeah Jackson instead of crawling on
like his knees he'll get up onto his
feet and then start doing like the
four-legged bear crawl it's hilarious
Jennifer's leaving us as well so this is
a mixed emotions hate to see you leave
don't lad to say I go I want my husband
oh yeah I guess that's true in two weeks
I want my hell to max about your husband
that's gotta be big on a real baby oh
he's happy now happy clean Oh dad one
thing that I want your help with before
we go yeah is I want you to help me look
up some microphones because I'm probably
gonna start recording some music and
putting that on a YouTube I think some
of you guys have requested that so I
think we're gonna start looking into
that and my dad is a professional
audiography is that what it's called
when you're good at audio stuff are you
an audio prefer I am NOT I should
probably look up that definition before
I go out throw in that word I'm awed
iographer could be someone who does
terrible things I don't know but you're
you're an audiophile though you like you
know good things about music and about
recording equipment and everything you
you have a knowledge that is higher than
the average person would you agree I'm
not sure that I do I would say yes and
and my mom would say yes and probably
everyone who knows my dad yes what was i
greste yeah yeah everyone who knows my
dad would probably say yes so cut out
with the humility okay dad we know
you're good yeah my dad used to own a
guitar store that's another story for
another day but we need I want you to
help me look up some recording stuff not
just your dad but your mother we owe you
guys on dit together
together so will you help me look up
some microphones okay so you want to
look at the camera look agree on the
grandma's gonna miss you yes I am I'm
gonna miss you can you give grandma hugs
today yeah hug can you give grandma
loves oh she's waving back oh that's so
sweet
okay say bye bye oh here oh that's so
sweet grandma saying goodbye the tracks
and my grandma both come up and see you
you better huh grandpa school okay
grandpa it's time to say goodbye to
Jackson that no say goodnight Jackson
Jackson captain cragen miss grandpa
I'm gonna miss grandpa huh you grab a
kiss big kisses mmm
keep ruckus good grab a kiss mm-hmm okay
don't don't even do it don't kiss your
grandpa dick one more kiss Kimmy leaders
are handsome
headbutt yeah okay okay good night
Jackson no I'm taking him with me next
time you see him he'll probably walking
oh that's weird
that's a weird thought with me he's
going in my pocket yeah you're gonna
need a pretty big is a big heavy baby
well let's see how many bags do I have I
think we settled on the blue Yeti Pro
Mike and the reason why I chose that one
is because it is a condenser mic with
USB and XLR and everything that I saw
said it was really really good for
multi-purpose use so vocals instruments
like podcasts all of those things so we
could use it for like a ton of different
things but if you guys have any other
recommendations let me know down below
because we'll probably have to get some
more mics in the future so if you guys
have any that you know but rules you
guys know of any mics actually like
better or would recommend let me know in
the comments down below now we need to
find a camera because oh my gosh what
are you girls doing with your feet that
smells so bad speaking of smell bad
Ellie
how's your gas been lately anyway we're
looking for a camera and right now we're
using the Canon ELPH 330 HS you cannot
find that camera anywhere in the world
there like it is off the face of the
earth unless you want to pay like $400
for it it's crazy so we're looking for
another camera that does awesome video
like this one does but I don't know I
just can't find anything I like no one
up above this one that'll work well the
difference is the one above this a 3 4
ths doesn't have as wide of a lens so
you'd have to hold it like this in order
to get the same view as this oh that's
what I hear the GoPro stick and I'll
just have it out like that but I like
being able to hold it like close like
this and I'm still in frame you know
those types of things anyway but if you
have any recommendations for a camera
let me know - I don't know I'm so lost
or so many things that we have to do ok
don't judge us I realize our pitches you
might are getting relative Jen have the
same page blend it blend it
ain't no sunshine when she's gone he's
not warm when she's away ain't no
sunshine
she's gone Oh what is that court d-minor
sunshine when she's gone every day ain't
no sunshine when she's gone this house
just any time
No
No
hey Evan leave this young thing alone
cuz ain't no sunshine when she's gone
everyday ain't no sunshine when she's
gone she's always gone too long anytime
she goes away
he knows sunshine she's gone this house
just ain't no home anytime she goes I
know good job boys what a fun way to end
the night YouTube playing and singing
anything else I think that's it okay
save your badges folks you guys probably
not gonna see him forever you'll never
see them ever again ever just cool and
bye-bye goodbye goodbye goodbye goodbye
tell my parents to travel safe as they
drive home as they drop Jennifer off
somewhere in the middle of nowhere
tell them to travel safe and keep them
in your thoughts thank you not like your
dad said anymore we record that thank
you for loving our kids they are awesome
not
by travelpod member
