hey little drummer boy what you doing
yeah I'm fun you having fun helping make
breakfast good morning guys we are
making breakfast this morning we're
making some delicious crepes Ellie is
whipping up some great filling join for
a taster sure does it need more powdered
sugar yes
my responsibility this morning is to cut
up the page the banana the kiwi and le
has already made the crepe mixture the
batter Jackson is here he has actually
been drumming every once in a while I'll
see him hit the the one of those calls
again little warning hey guys I have it
was the weirdest thing I had the chills
worse than I've ever had in my entire
life before I was literally shivering on
my teeth were chattering like I get to
get a get a get a get to get to get was
so bad it was so weird I don't know it
is I must not be feeling well or
something well you're like I'm gonna
have to call in to work I'm gonna have
to call in and then you woke up you're
like I feel better I feel better I I
don't I hate calling in sick to work
because you never want to be that guy
who's like oh yeah I don't want to come
in to work today on a Saturday
everyone's like okay yeah he's not
coming in on Saturday
he's obviously sick right here is the
final result what do you think it's good
actor strength up too much trip I don't
know if he can never have too much syrup
look hmm peekaboo you have a Nana's in
there yeah on this one oh this is a
banana lonely crazy oh how do you like a
Jen have you tried I got some peaches
and bananas on your side light breeze
good you know what it takes like you
have to cook a million of these until
you get one right I kept throwing away
Jen's like stop throwing them away and I
kept cooking it Edward bit and I was I
wasn't doing very well so but at the end
I was able to make sounds like you need
more practice and we didn't have those
grapes
I want to see the beautiful creation
just you leave
I am a master of making these that's
beautiful that does look very tasty Jen
it needs a few strawberries but that's
okay that looks really good
thumbs up if that looks delicious okay
I'm gonna eat now cuz I'm hungry guys
and I have no hey Jackson what you doing
under there
did any of you guys ever play into the
table when you are a kid I remember on
Sunday dinners my family we had all
gathered around the huge table may be
saying prayer and I'd be like I'd like
slip under the table and go I grab
everyone's feet it might be so not well
behaved and hit me he is under our table
wants to feed you something here's a
little puppy she need a little dog that
was so funny
hi good morning do you guys want to know
what Jackson's favorite toy is I don't
think he's ever favorite a toy but in
New York Nicole gave Jackson a blue
giraffe and the Jackson loves it so I
came in and he was sucking on his tail
and his tail is sopping wet but this is
Jackson's like favorite toy he favors it
out of any toy so thank you Nicole I
think that Jackson found his new hiding
spot can you find him okay Jackson
what's up are you stuck this is his
favorite place yeah it's his favorite
place to just hang out while we're
eating he just lays here and hangs out
under his toy oh no are you really stuck
Jackson Jackson
nope oh good I'm not the worst mom in
the world
you weren't stuck ready
hmm
excuse me hey ready no we're having a
contest ready you can eat Jen you're so
annoying get out of my face he actually
did it though no I'm doing a throwback
for you guys and Jen and I are going to
zoo buzz for lunch when Jared and I
lived here in town when Jared went to
college I would wake up at like 5:00 in
the morning I would have to be a hair
school by like 6:30 and then I would do
hair school from like 7:00 and tell like
five and then I'd come to zoo buzz from
like five till they closed like every
day until I finished hair school so I
used to work for Zubaz I remember I
think my first check from Zubaz was like
350 400 the anyway yeah I used to work
as ooh buzz is a little side job to help
make ends meet while Jared was going to
school so kind of fun and this is the
exact same supe that I used to work out
you step in the Garin right high dress
my dress one
- hmm he loves the cantina grab it
commute is baby award goes to you
jinkx yoga saw that how somebody is
looking for dinner I think
he's trying his hardest to get in there
huh Jackson jacksie
no he wants dinner guys I don't think
his bottle is gonna be in there are you
trying to get in there see you dad oh my
boy
one two ding yeah you know we love it
when daddy gets home I guess wait till
daddy comes home glad as I can be doo de
doo dee doo dee doo dee doo doo be
pretty pretty great big kiss come on
daddy's home and guess what it's time
for bed Jackson time for bed
isn't that the worst thing in the world
as soon as I get home from work I go to
bed one day twenty one more day one day
I want to know why you girls put these
weird things on your face what is it
about this stuff why do you put that
stuff on your face what does it do makes
you beautiful just kidding I don't know
tell my house is mine
wait they do different things oh yeah
hers is green and mine is like this see
they're both great I got my mic matches
my shirt I'm coordinating right now yeah
I got the seaweed mask and it's the
poster just really soften and moisturize
your skin and you are wearing the mask
Magnum empty which is supposed to like
cleanse it like a deed a deep cleansing
so right now my face feels really cold
and like it feels like it's just like
let's try smile yours is harder than
mine is I can smile I think I understood
a few of those words I think I did hear
those words cleanse I still have no idea
why that happens I'm just sitting here
watching my youtubes and you guys come
into the room and you've got a bunch of
weird gunk on your face doesn't always
look like you could just like take a
chip in my grace it all can eat it I
think I should try that seaweed it's
edible we're gonna take that movie back
that they watched last night and we're
gonna get another movie and watch a
movie sound good what movie I don't know
I'm gonna go to red box and find one so
I'll be back so you know what I was
thinking we could either watch a movie
or we could play Mario why aren't you
why aren't you guys showing any pressure
on you oh do you want a mask on your
face I don't know if I want a mask on my
face I feel really good it looks like
you guys can't move a muscle
I don't think that feels good at all I
don't watch watch a movie okay
I guess I'll just think about playing
video games hey you know what I'm
excited for honestly I'm talking no I'm
I'm let me say this first I am super
excited for Super Smash Bros when it
comes out and I tell you why Ellie we're
going to get it as soon as it comes on
we're gonna play all night long are you
ready for that all night long
what were you gonna say eat this you
have the floor this little piece looks
like a booger but it's not eat it well
the Tesla isn't mint tea it is minty I
have a bigger piece that actually fell
on my nose if you put it here no I don't
want your boogers it's not my boogers
well this does look like boogers I don't
want to eat your actual boogers I think
we're gonna watch a movie and I think
we're gonna call a night it's Saturday
night
why my throat hurts in front of you how
about you and Jen do a handstand sibling
for sibling the light is flashing which
means you got to go three let me tuck
your head to one ready go hey ready sir
chairs will not hit you okay ready set
go
farfegnugen oh here 500 I tried to make
you laugh
