I have what sound is that I love that
you
okay Jared you're off to work and you
haven't had to go to work for well over
a week and Jackson I think is going to
be stuff that you're gonna go I'm going
to be sad that I'm not going to be able
to hang out with Jackson for the first
day like all day for the first day I'm
gonna miss him and yeah I'll miss you
too a little bit you're pretty sure
enough I did Jackson's here today and it
is seriously so long and I'll and I like
lifted it up and curled it over and I
really loved it
cuz Jared goes oh don't do that as part
of that no I think it looks great I just
like it better a little bit I like it I
think it's cute I like to turn how no
matter how you do it because oh boy is
handsome just like you see his hairs
lifted like yours your hair is lifted
like that seeps in his hairs lifted the
mini one hey do you guys remember that
one time where Jared sister was in the
vlogs and everybody was like is she
married well she is married and she's
back with me and guess what she came to
visit me and we went shopping and she's
never been into my favorite store a lush
store so we've got to go check out some
lush stuff got to do a little mini
haulage guys especially since it was
Jennifer's first time so what did you
get I got now you're gonna have to
remind you don't really know I don't
know but it smells good
it's the butterball yeah yeah it's a
butterball bath bomb seriously how fun
is that great for your first choice but
I've got to show you guys something but
I got and it's fun excited I told you
this morning I'm like yeah I don't need
anything I'm not going to buy anything
today
Yeah right I got a fresh face mask the
ones that they make but I have to show
you this because it's so weird
especially being a hair stylist I'm like
who uses these does any of you guys use
it it is a shampoo what is it a bar okay
I found her it's a shampoo bar and yes
they hide all my friends um so anyway
what was your name
Stacy Stacy Stacy sold me on this
shampoo bar so they say it lasts a
couple months I'm interested to know but
pretty much I just like rub it a couple
times in the shower and then I shampoo
my hair so how cool is that so I'm going
to try that out he is like Wanda's piece
of water
cool you keep staring at it
whoo hi
to get lost there
whoa wasn't he doesn't see very he's a
nightly styled at first but he wanted to
think tactic he was staring at when I'm
sweeping it and he was like one da
that's the camera getting one feels with
the try can tell he wants to touch the
water so bad but I can only let him get
so close do you think it was
okay are they trying to creep everybody
out why can't they just put heads on
these mannequins seriously ahead or
eyeballs or no there's a necklace on
this one where's her eyeball you got it
good job something that I've been doing
since we've been just going to store to
store is Jackson is sick of being so
constrained so I've just buckled his on
the bottom CNC we can at least sit up
and be able to look at everything and
he's been grabbing everything as we walk
by and you still fine
no no no you are the cutest what in the
world are you guys doing right now holy
crap you just may have a pizza I get
home from work and you're freaking
partying over here you're watching a
movie you're eating pizza without me we
have kettle corn and ice cream in the
freezer can I tell you guys kettle corn
is like my favorite type of popcorn
movie theater popcorn that's good kettle
corn is the bomb it is the best ever
so you guys are having fun while I'm at
work that's cool I guess I don't know
what it was today when I went back to
work my back has been killing me all day
like all freaking day and the weird
thing is so I stand a lot of work but I
stood all of the time in New York we
probably walked we walk like what 10 or
15 miles one day it was crazy so we
walked to town but I have no idea what
it is but my back is just killing me and
I wasn't on cyl I just ate fruit snacks
my mouth is really gross this tonsils
swollen I don't know I was like cross is
it breath I don't think it's gross you
guys probably thought it was gross
cavities in there yeah if your dentist
let us know that we have any cavities
she should worry about so we can get on
that I had a cavity my front tooth month
oh geez my friends like how do you do
cavity free since 93 oh did you just
step on the computer why is it on the
ground in the first place what am I'm
doing what am I doing wrong I'm teaching
her all the wrong things
ah should I put your piano on the ground
and stuff on that is that what you want
to do I'm in step on our piano I'm gonna
step on the piano I'm stepping on it
right now that's my foot
now I'm wiping my foot on it Jarett
I'm gonna put some shiner on your feet
okay my back is hurting too much we need
to end the vlog you guys need to do a
handstand right now yep tuck your shirts
in so you can't see your skin piece we
need you need to tuck in your shirt so
we don't see your skin piece okay and
don't run into my laptop you guys are so
cute Wow adorable
close that let's do this let's make it
work if our TV ever breaks we're
probably going to laugh and record it so
I should probably actually stand over
here but what a I think then we would
never bite because it took us like five
years or my god
yeah we saved up a long time for that TV
and I would feel so bad if it broke but
we'd get a much better one than you
think
how big is 47 that's how big a storm
that's pretty selfish where are you
going
that's right where are you going are you
ready the handstand champions of 2014
women's edition the competition begins
are you ready yeah on your marks get set
and go holy crap Ellie that was sunk oh
yeah my heart started racing a little
bit with that okay thanks for watching
guys have a wonderful evening I will
wait
joining stars there's someone there and
they're in there
Jennifer doesn't do himself obvious eh
sorry I haven't done it since 2007 well
that's what every seven years that's a
lie I did want to come
hours ago okay we did a family here
thanks for watching guys have a
wonderful weekend oh my gosh it's
Saturday for you guys have a good
weekend do something awesome make
someone smile okay that's the goal make
someone smile and happy hands dances to
end the vlog at the hand and we always
talk so much after I just have so much
to say okay see you later bye
