so this is what it comes to you come
home from a vacation and what do you do
you have piles and piles and piles and
piles of laundry
good morning guys well don't I feel like
a horse's patoot I have my vlogging
camera right here I just imported and
uploaded all the footage for today and I
forgot to bring the memory card can you
believe that I have the battery I have
the camera but I do not have a memory
card
what a vlogging fail can you believe
that you think by how many videos I've
done I should know now that you need a
memory card in order to film things so
I'm actually using my iPhone right now
to film this but a couple things here
guys one it's amazing to be home I feel
so good being home in Utah - I really
miss New York one of the things that
when Ellie and I woke up we woke up
really early today because we're like we
have so many things to get done to
recoup to do laundry to get a bunch of
things done that we have to do is this
this might give you an idea we have so
many things that we need to do but I
miss New York a lot we woke up this
morning and one we didn't get attacked
by a bunch of kids so that was kind of a
bummer - we didn't have the ability to
wake up and walk a block and get
breakfast or have breakfast delivered to
us that I love about New York there's
food everywhere it's so convenient the
thing is my sister-in-law maked she says
New York is the most inconvenient
convenient place in the world or is it
the most convenient inconvenient place
in the world you can literally go
outside and get anything that you want
and that's what I love about New York
and I love seeing my nieces and nephews
having them wake up and have fun with
Jackson was so cool as you saw I have a
bunch of letters here that I'm gonna
send out and we're gonna go get
breakfast and I'm gonna bring a home to
Ellie and we are gonna work our tails
off today because I have to go back to
work tomorrow and there's just so many
things that we need to do now if my name
are Ellie Meachem what kind of donut
what I get ooh what she like those ones
right there those ones look pretty good
Halloween maple-bacon
what do you guys think about maple-bacon
I think that sounds pretty heart attack
ish okay Ellie I'm home with breakfast
so I got some chocolate notes to share I
know you like to have it mixed but I
just got this because it's easy and I
got three doughnuts okay okay let me go
oh one for Jackson Jackson Justin got
about you okay okay so I got this one
right here your faith yeah just a maple
it's a good twist
yeah my maple doughnut with some nuts on
it okay and then I got this one here
okay and then I got this one here
because it looks like the Simpsons
doughnuts who doesn't love the Simpsons
right is it like really you have to say
mmm that's not a homer laughs I don't
know don't I don't know the flavor the
frosting I don't know you look like
Johnson's Donuts why I thought I liked
it I would love to get that let me I
like the Simpsons too
John just just this part I'm so sorry I
think your finger
Johnny you bit me Jared that psycho who
needs a big bite like that oh no more
doughnuts for you Jared was at the peel
box he was like I opened our peel box
and I saw you know some letters and
packages he's like but especially this
he saw this package and he said that his
heart like oh my heart started racing
and I'm like my stomach like dropped
because I knew the instant I saw the
color I was like that's from Finland
yeah because it said it had the orange
and white and it said postie and I just
munich ipod so long way up so anyway at
whare you made Jared today especially
because it's a little box within then so
Thank You Jared and Jackson are in Jared
and Jackson's favorite store bet by I'm
gonna go try and scare my little baby
cakes
No
hi fight don't leave me hanging high
five high five yes thank you done no no
no no no no no no no so I went into Best
Buy to see if I could find out any more
information about cool lenses for our
DSLR and I found a couple cool different
things I really really like the look of
a shallow depth of field where the black
the background is blurred a lot and the
focus is like really sharp and clear and
everything that's 7d or is it the 60 I
can't remember anyway that camera is
awesome and in the 5d Mark 3 so cool
I kind of wish we would have spent a
little bit more on a better camera by
the t5i it's such a cool camera for such
a good price in my opinion the
definition of a little boy is dirt dirt
runny nose and grass things all over his
body
I love grass stains and as a kid just
reminds me of like playing baseball and
everything like that and making the
diving catch and getting dirt and grass
stains all over your jersey so one of
the things that we really wanted to do
while we're in New York was going to the
9/11 memorial with Jackson us hauling
him around he just you know there was
only so many things that we could do
without him having too many naps here
and there and that was just one thing
that we really wish we could have done
but we didn't really have the time or
Jackson didn't really have the patience
to do yeah we decided at the end because
we had that one last day where we were
gonna go do it and I made the decision I
was like Jackson hasn't had like naps
all week and I think he was ready to not
have us drag him around town so we ended
up just staying home and letting him now
day but it is 9/11 today and we thought
it would be really cool and appropriate
to talk about what we were doing or what
we remember that day when when it all
happened what I remember from 9/11 I was
in school obviously and I think I was in
eighth grade and I was in my science
class and me and my buddy went into
science class a little bit early to you
know go over some homework I think and
we have a teacher there with us and he
had the news playing and my initial
thought when they had it on the station
I thought I thought it was a joke
honestly and yeah so I was kind of
laughing about it and then my teacher
said no this is serious like this is not
not funny like we need to listen in and
see what's going on Homer can wait and I
was like yeah I was just like yeah I cuz
I totally felt bad I felt really really
bad because I you know and as an 8th
grader gosh how old are you 13 yeah I
can't even remember how old I was but I
had no idea what the you know the weight
of the situation was so it was crazy to
me to see go from such like one emotion
to another almost instantly like my
heart just dropped like crazy and so I
remember that and I remember just
watching it on the news the entire day
just the entire day at school going in
and then going home and then talking to
my mom and dad about it asking them like
who did this what is it all about what's
going on are we going to war you know
those type of things I just thought it
was crazy I was in like fifth grade and
I remember going to school and finding
out about I didn't find out about it
alcohol in the morning up I went to
school and everybody was talking about
it and honestly that was pretty much
that for the day I now that I look back
why didn't my school not continue why
did they not stop what we were supposed
to do that day as far as math science
all that stuff why didn't we have a day
where they like talked to us about it
talk to us about what was going on well
you know stuff like that I don't have
done with normal yeah they just fit what
we talked about it
and and then throughout the rest of the
day I mean we weren't looking at the
news they weren't talking about it so
now that I look back at this point in my
life I think that would make me mad if
that were my kid in school and the
teachers didn't really show it yeah like
you said all day drinks we watch the
news and talk about it yeah we didn't so
I went home that night and then of
course my family we talked about it but
I remember the week after like the day
and the week after that I mean the news
was on at our house all day I mean it
was just something that we one of the
things that I like a you know a message
from this remember the people that we
were like on nine twelve everyone was
working together mm-hmm everyone was
supportive of each other we are all
reaching out to help each other out yeah
and I think that's a really important
message to take with us is why can't we
do that all of the time why can't we
always be out there to help one another
look out for each other
lift when other people are down I think
the whole premise of the idea is if we
are more like the people on 9/12 I think
we the world would be a better place I
think the United States would be more
United
mm-hmm you know Abraham Lincoln always
said a house divided against itself
cannot stand and that's true
with everything not just politics but
like everything if Ellie and I are
against each other in our marriage it
won't stand we have to be everything on
the same page for all of these different
things for our marriage to work fluidly
so I think that's a huge important
message but anyway we just thought it
would be appropriate to at least talk
about it a little bit today and give our
thoughts on it and tell what we were
thinking sure yes loved ones we weren't
able to go the memorial so we thought it
would be appropriate to kind of talk
about it alone yeah hey ready go
he like wasn't even fazed by it at all
so here's what's going down here's the
play-by-play guys tonight my sister
actually just came into town visiting
from my my grandparents and everything
she's staying the night with us tonight
her and Ellie right now are at the store
getting some groceries I am getting
ready to go to the football game with my
buddy my BYU Cougars are playing the
Houston Cougars tonight and he got some
tickets so we're gonna go see the game
I'm gonna bring one camera so I'm gonna
get some footage I'm not sure if the
girls are gonna film anything tonight
I'm gonna ask him to but that's what's
going on tonight it's gonna be an
awesome game and I'm really excited
Oh
holy cow guys I am so tired I just got
home from the football game it probably
took us like an hour and a half to get
out of the parking lot
it was crazy we had a really good
parking spot but getting out of it was
like the worst thing ever imaginable in
the entire world of ever parking lot
that ever existed it was crazy Ellie is
actually holding Jackson right now he's
teething so he's not feeling very well
so I'm gonna go ahead and end the vlog
right now I hope you guys have a
wonderful day and I hope you guys take
the time to you know remember exactly
what we talked about earlier about being
the 912 person and I hope you guys have
a wonderful day
and I'll see you guys tomorrow in the
next vlog and what we'll do is I'll just
do a handstand I lie I fell asleep on
the way home
like I am exhausted guys so I think I'm
just gonna flip the camera over don't
hate me okay I'm just so tired so I'll
see you guys in the next video
