good morning guys good morning more like
it I know we are in the airport and we
are headed back to Utah we just got off
of a three hour plane ride with Jackson
and I think it was more like three and a
half
I doubt as long all look Wendy's and
Taco Bell we're looking for a place to
eat
there was chilly back there that sounds
the best I know it's pretty way
expensive Phelps Airport food is so
expensive and we don't really like that
nope we don't but we got to do what we
gotta do
I was Jackson on the flight he was good
he's a little whiny but I had I would be
whiny today over fight I think he did
awesome
I think he's giving a thumbs-up need a
smile at the camera kisses look Jackson
kisses
no he kept in the in the flight I kept
making him kiss me so now I was like
over kisses but it is Thursday for you
guys which usually means we try and do
throwback Thursdays and so I thought
because it's September and it is PCOS
Awareness Month and I already did a
little video on my channel about the
PCOS but I thought for throwback
Thursday it would be fun to show you
guys one of the very first videos that
Jared and I had together at the
fertility clinic where they diagnosed me
with PCOS so I think that is good we are
throwback Thursday today we just going
to drop a link down in the description
box below how else would we do it I have
no idea yeah it was like a good plan
yeah I can have too good plan so I think
we'll just have the link of that video
down below because the doctor also
explains more about PCOS and what it is
and it was like one of one of our first
vlogs I think was our second blog I
haven't washed in a long time I'll have
to go back and watch it and like see how
much different we are on the camera from
back then totally totally different
different so that's going to be our
throwback Thursday for y'all we're going
to try and find some dinner tea because
we're starving but one last thing here's
the thing is I'm going to make I'm gonna
make an executive decision right now and
we're going to turn around and we're
going to go this way
okay I can go back
that way okay cuz there's better fish
I'm not seeing anything else okay so
we'll go back here there's one last
thing that we have to tell you about it
I can repeat like u-turn because it's
your brother yeah my brother so my
brother Matt you guys remember him from
a couple of guys about like a month
already
Ariel maybe a couple weeks Matt Emily
and their cute little boys drinkin
Carter remember when they stayed with us
for a couple days
Oh Ellie suitcases we're not buying them
here huh we need a suitcase the
battery's flashing anyway so here's what
I wanted to say as you are watching this
it'll be Friday no there's this Thursday
today's Wednesday see Jack seaman cents
you dad this off right like steak dad
you're already screwing the sophomores
so today's Wednesday as you guys are
watching this it will be Thursday not
offhand - throwback Thursdays at all
that's makes so much sense now I was so
confused for a second there anyway so
Thursday is my brother Matt's birthday I
think you need to point the camera at my
face oh sorry there you go is my brother
Matt's birthday and I want you guys to
if you guys want to I'll have a link
down below to Matt's YouTube channel if
you want to go over and say happy
birthday cuz it's his birthday today and
how old is he
gosh she's probably like 40 no I don't
know you're mine you were 26 but joy
seven since we had your birthday in New
York remember 31 31 okay 30 or 31 I
don't know but he's old he's way older
than I am
and he has a lot more gray hair than I
do and not near as good-looking I'm just
kidding that's kind of a lie but anyway
we wanted to if you guys want go wish
him a happy birthday cuz I think that
will make his day to wake up and see a
bunch of birthday wishes so is be
Burnside to my brother and go watch the
video that we're gonna have linked down
below and my arm is tired so and I'm
dropping things oh no I think that's it
the battery is still flashing should we
just talk until the battery is back
until the battery dies okay what should
we eat
you've gotta eat I'm exhausted
wasn't Melanie so nice to let us borrow
one oh yeah that's our suitcase broke it
literally broke and we just had to toss
it because there is no repairing it even
with tape there's nothing we could do so
we just threw it away I got mad and I
punched it right we threw it to the
ground son you know that videos you know
we're talking about anyway
so she let us borrow I don't know how
we're gonna get back to our someday
somehow we'll get it back to her but we
have a little suitcase to Sheila's bar
which has actually been really nice
because without our arms mol okay it's
like you have a kid in your arms or
something and it takes a year how about
I help you or me I'll do I'll do thank
you so much for offering to help me with
all 50 pounds of things that were bowled
by sorry question serious very chilly
sounds good Ellen windy sound good Oh
chillies well there's a little pizza hut
up there tip pizza sounds good too
or there's Chili's does that say Chili's
to Chili's as well
so weird okay should we see how much
Chili's is first that's what we should
do here I have a Strickler budget we
need to add higher no we'll just go up
here and look at the little places
there's the queue and TMS or whatever
it's called that had pretzels
so this okay I'm gonna do we're gonna go
eat we're gonna go eat we're going to
eat food then we're gonna fly home and
we're gonna get home like at midnight
and then we're gonna wake up and do then
that it'll be like midnight why the time
we drive home okay we're going to wake
up and we're going to do this all over
again not flying vlog app okay so thanks
so much for watching have a wonderful
day
kiss my wife on the face Jackson do the
hand hand
someone's calling me right now who but I
don't know I don't know that number
hello
um yeah she is may ask who's calling
100 bucks it's summer from the church
uh-huh it is it is yeah I get $100 one
second here yes okay and you let Jared
and the blog okay here's what we're
going to do we're going to have Jackson
do the handstand real quick I'm not sure
how he's going to do this because I only
have one hand so I think what we'll do
is we'll just flip the camera around so
ready Jackson ready one two
three
he hasn't fun yet in case you really
wanted to know what we decided to eat we
got Chinese we're sharing this and we
spent a week in New York and I still
have a little bitty little little little
bitty left a hand sanitizer we use out
like crazy especially on the subway we
can stop we won't stop I'm just feeding
Jackson some milk right now cause it
tastes so good and his daddy doesn't it
tastes so good
this isn't it tastes so good isn't it
tastes like let me enjoy my food boys oh
okay anyway wait Ellie we can't we can't
forget to show them the best part of the
meal
okay goodbye oh and one more thing we
may or may not have just gotten these
two we just decided we show you all of
our food today because that's what we've
been doing all week and we feel like you
guys would be missing out but for real
this time we have to go okay we'll see
you later my my my my my my my my
