good morning from Manhattan we as in we
my husband's brother's wife or my sister
ma or also not out makin we are - we are
going out to eat we just got the boys
some Thai food and they're going to be
watching the Apple Keynote
and me making you not want to sit
through that that does not sound very
fun so we left the babies with them and
we are taking a little stroll and we are
going to eat ourselves not eat ourselves
but we're going to eat by ourselves
without the babies
hey guys so today has been a really
really restful relaxing day Nate and I
actually just watched the Apple Keynote
presentation and I was I enjoyed it
other than all the technical
difficulties the Chinese translator
speaking over everyone else I thought it
was a lot of fun Nate did you have a
good time I enjoyed it what were your
thoughts on the presentation they did a
good job presenting that I don't need
the watch though oh the watch I thought
was really cool but I think I would only
get one at Le got one too but that's
still I don't know like but I always
love when they do the announcements I
think it's really cool I think they
always do a good job they do a really
good job at making you want the things
that they make except Megan she doesn't
like any of the things that they drew
but real quick I want to show you this
my brother Nate he made this picture of
this dog his name is Bill dogs be do you
get it I get it and it's hilarious
what's that how come why aren't you guys
laughing are you laughing yet anyway
we're just getting ready to go today is
our last full day in New York and we are
just kind of kind of wind down take it
easy have a good time maybe catch the
right train today because we have our
experienced New York specialists here to
guide us are you ready to rock LA and
ready to roll this baby is ready to go
more so than anyone else in the entire
world right now aren't you
is Boop no okay let's go this is how
we're doing it this is how we are
packing up and going home
the wonderful Nate the designer why
don't you show me your stuff yeah this
here say look what he made it's a handle
for the packing point and it's tape we
fashioned it out of no I think Nate fat
it was my idea they did it I came up
with the idea and they executed it was
Megan's idea okay Megan Megan gets cross
isn't that pretty am I not getting any
credit in this I think we all he was a
collaborative effort it was a team
effort we all had a part in this very
wall part
really well I'd watched Kenworth tape we
need more day oh great our suitcases
broke guys just get us home just get us
home we'll be good I can't believe this
happened and it's like the day before
we're traveling so much
and it's it's broken oh my gosh it's
totally broken I don't know how this is
going to work for traveling on the
airplane tomorrow but I've had this
since I served my mission in Finland
what seven years ago seven years though
that's still pretty good but I being
this guy we just need to grab some tape
from here and stick it on here and maybe
we'll do it and I'll just keep watching
right that's how it was right yeah I
guess that's how it worked out last time
so we'll just keep with a plan because
that seems to be working
that's the strangest contraption I've
ever seen some pretty crazy stuff here
in the subway
some pretty crazy stuff
you're faker
but whatever
hmm so take great such a little thing
well this is what you do when your
suitcase is broken and your pack and
play doesn't have a handle you strap
them all together and hope for the best
oh we just got off the train and we just
walked across the street sure enough the
first thing that happens when I step off
the curb is everything falls on my
Achilles tendon and hurts real real bad
but I have to say we are tired but
Ellie's a trouper and I'm grateful for
her and I love her she's been taking
such good care of Jackson this entire
trip thank you
well she hasn't been feeling good you
guys probably didn't even know Ellie has
not been feeling very well but she has
been such a great mom and a great wife
once he's carrying this bag of blankets
because my ankles broken and I'm
vlogging and I only have one other hand
but any moment oh thank you of my wife
the real troupers you son
you have been packed around for the past
couple weeks between Seattle and New
York and I am proud of you
good little baby and there's Jared the
horse stuff powered through baby you got
a power throat that's how you do it you
power through that's what you do power
through I'm goin through Ellie
I dropped a blanket I'm powering through
I'm power and through his very broken
for the pause of the powering from right
drop the blanket and power and
throughout our and through I'm pooped
and pooped I would throw baby now what's
room here we go oh there it goes
everything is gone Oh Jackson why you
smiling at daddy yeah are you smiling
just res again here we go
Tings read what I went through oh you
tired yet I'm not yeah I'm not tired a
bit lies I'm not sweaty I haven't broken
a sweat yet boy am I glad to see you
here we just got to my sister's house
and we thought no one was home for a
second but luckily we knocked on the
door and knocked on the door and my
little nephew here came to the rescue
and saved us and you know what else he
did he helped us get Jackson ready for
bed he fed him he helped bathe him and
now unfortunately we have to say goodbye
we might not see you tomorrow but we're
going to try before you go to school so
Jackson say goodbye to your favorite
oldest cousin actually on the Meachem
side cuz your side you have an older
cousin but you're sherry again Shea is
11 I think yeah dad your favorite oldest
cousin who's a boy who lived in New York
say goodbye Tyler it was so good to see
you hanging out with Jackson he loved it
are you lost
I am sorry boastfully touch just kidding
what real art we're lost for words do
you have anything to say Tyler anything
go Cougars
yeah BYU yeah he said today here's a
school and you had to write a list of
things you don't like things that you
like yeah what was on your list of
things you don't like do you tell you ah
you ty you sorry you tie you it's fan
but Tyler's not a fan
he's a Cougars fan my own moves that's
how what you do that's how you do Tyler
goes can we just play one game before we
go to bed just one game so we're gonna
play a quick quiet game and Jackson is
going to play a game Jackson's gonna
play with us because that's what guys do
is we all play games go fun can you hold
it well aren't you just boy above a baby
put it right here playing with we're
starting out young jack Jackson's gonna
be able to play video games and text by
the time he's won look at a good job
Johnson how cute are you boys what is
the game that we're gonna play we're
gonna play Madden Madden yeah gnarrk
go-cart racing game no football game
patty you don't will you come to our
house we like it don't be stuck working
oh thanks so much for watching today
guys we had a really really great day we
can't wait to get home but we're also
gonna really miss you guys we're gonna
miss you guys so much did we have enough
fun yeah did we have enough fun did we
have enough fun blimp Allison did we
have enough fun walk thanks for watching
okay now we'll do a handstand hey ready
spread out a little bit one well don't I
count three
okay remember to be light because
Jackson's asleep ready one two three
that was good
good job kiddos good job guys shorter
ready go oh good job good job
you're doing
