we're on the subway are you ready for
this yeah that wasn't too bad this
morning was really bad I think Emily
almost fell over onto this guy I think
he may have done it on purpose though I
was sorry
carry your own camera better do some go
for it this is a precious footage
good
that's good should I be worried that
you're really good at that bus stop man
sanitizer
oh that's enjoyable good morning
everyone we are in New York City as you
probably have already seen but we are
actually in the financial district right
now if you probably see here some
awesome business buildings around here
we are actually getting ready to go walk
the Brooklyn Bridge and I guess since I
came here last they totally renovated
the Brooklyn Park right next to the
Brooklyn Bridge so we're going to go
hang out there and have a good time and
see what
even more weddings going on I know this
incredible any one wedding here one
wedding over there
I guess fountains are the place to get
married
the one thing I really wanted to do when
we are here is do the Brooklyn Bridge
now we're not even like quite there I'm
sorry loving everything I think it is so
I don't wanna feel as you can see right
now I do love I painted a Bundy this is
a great day the human is a bad word us
button I'm stood I'm carrying a 20-pound
25 pound baby sure what you have been
all week
tell us some of the history of the
Brooklyn Bridge well the Brooklyn Bridge
was erected all the way back in 1869 37
men built this entire bridge with their
bare hands only using the materials that
they found in the river it was a long
task it only took them gosh what was it
30 42 months to build the bridge that's
history
we have fun on the Brooklyn Bridge
yeah
I love this
Dannan Doudna 15 15 15 15 15 15 15 velu
directives so we may or may not be at
Shake Shack again we're at the Brooklyn
ice cream factory and little Jackson
just poked his head outside of his
little hat that's supposed to be over
him and he wants some ice cream and he
keeps like he like no see is that yummy
that good he's thinking about it
yep that's good I think if anybody poked
his head out of the just a little a
little bit a little like doesn't hurt
anything
a little fry in a little ice cream
that's perfect combination so we just
finished up eating ice cream and now
we're just hanging out at the Brooklyn
Park here and American Express is doing
this sponsorship thing and we all got a
bunch of free blankets here we're
chilling in the bird watching the US
Open waiting for Jimmy Fallon to start
and I cannot wait I am so pumped and
excited to go see Jimmy Fallon it's
gonna be a lot of fun and Jackson is
loving life right now he is so glad that
he had this open grass to hang out with
and enjoying all over the place the key
little boy oh look at that
FOP a tree quickly look at him he is
such a big blur just flirting with all
the girls we're just having a great time
here in the city and I took a picture of
the city from Brooklyn and I just think
it's a pretty sweet
really I I don't know if I'd ever look
here but I really really like it as I
mean here it's definitely a lot of fun
the hustle and bustle of the city I
think is really cool I do feel really
good because wherever we have gone
subway parks everybody tells me that our
baby's cute and it makes me feel so good
the like Jackson is seriously flirting
with everyone like everyone loves him
like look how cute that is like every
single person and this group has like
been talking to look he's over there
fighting with her I wonder if he's
smiling okay is he flirting with you
haha guy says he's the biggest flirt
I'll tell you
yes where we're going today thankfully
our brother was able to help us out and
get a somebody IP to get to a Jimmy
Fallon and we are so pumped there's a
huge line already we're the first line
which makes it kind of fun there's a
huge line down here it is waiting for
Jimmy Fallon I cannot wait what are your
thoughts I'm just super pumped and
excited and can't wait to get in on this
I know I think I'll be fun well we just
gotta Jimmy Fallon and I thought it was
awesome there was Jason Segel Steve
Harvey and Alicia Keys and they totally
killed it it was so much I like to
Alicia Keys new song yeah we are here
it's a new song it's awesome I think it
has a really cool message faster with
him and Steve Harvey like he just came
out with a new book awesome message
associated with that too it's all about
like success in finding your talents and
your abilities and you know once you
grasp it take it and just run with it
because we all I think we all have a
talent associated with us you know you
as an individual have a talent you need
to find it and really don't bury your
talent you know use it and find it in
and build it up as much as you can and
that's how you guys are gonna have
success okay you guys will find success
I promise you that
like we have always been like oh this is
what we do we go to college you're gonna
work for their college you're going to
work that didn't work out and then all
of a sudden like we kind of like sprung
on us and that's been really fun and
successful it was very rough
oh we're gonna work in there get in
trouble look out across the startup is
interesting and I really like the
message that you think on a but Jarrod
is taking on a date guys we are going to
a super nice restaurants called Telepan
at least that's what my brother says
it's a super nice restaurant so we're
gonna have he's like a super cool guy
yeah nate is super awesome and he only
gives super awesome recommendations so
we're gonna go have dinner there and
then we're gonna call it a night so I
think that's it I think we're calling
through the night right now Dave yeah it
was so thank you so much for watching
tonight guys
Oh Jared I said we weren't gonna do
hands down but hurry and do one in New
York all gross the outside will have off
the hand sanitizer after everyone over
there's smiling
thanks for watching guys this is a gross
handstand but not as gross as the gum
wall probably yeah that was gross
right flip it upside down yeah they were
all coughing for jairs looks cute
