come get it jack seed bun get it get it
it's a race
sorry win win win get the stick Jackson
get this hurry you can do it got it yeah
you girls were good sport thanks for
letting him win
and there they go
good morning guys it feels like a
wonderful day because it is hot my hair
is off of my neck and today is a lazy
day we are taking us in the nieces and
nephews we're heading to a park why are
you two doing we're going to ride
someone's gonna get a tow ripped off we
are heading to the park and today is a
lazy day and it feels good to have a
lazy day Jared and I and I think I held
Jackson pretty much most of the day
yesterday because Jared was holding like
the heavy bags and stuff but we walked
10 miles
Jared tracked his little Fitbit and he
walked 10 miles and so we are walking
very slow here to the park you you're
holding on to his little hand little Eva
bug is pretty adamant on holding his
hand and you're loving it huh or he's
loving it she's loving it okay good you
know it's a good park when they've got
some awesome swings where you can put
our baby in he is so fun he's like get
me out of here let's go let's go it's
going to swing hold on Jackson
who he loves it yeah you know you two
have been so cute to him is he your
favorite cousin ever
let's see you Jared and Jackson are you
ready to go down the slide buddy is this
his first line no I went down with his
first sidon with Bonnie okay this is his
first life yeah first side of daddy he's
got a lot bigger now you ready
let's see Jack single egg he's like I
was like um I didn't really feel like
much I let me throw you in the air and
said how about that oh he's like I'll
feel that yeah he's already samaya yeah
she's not you up in the air jacks we'll
put you down in the grass you're
probably wanting to crawl all over the
place considering the past several days
we have just kept you bundled up yep so
you're free to go wherever you want in
this New York pop I consider this the
Field of Dreams
okay what are you guys doing it are so
dirty yeah good thing we have hand
sanitizer bed one two three okay stand
up
okay now straight yeah that's pretty
good that's pretty good it has been
really fun being with all the nieces and
nephews the nieces have been so cute
with Jackson okay I'm watching
what high-five oh wait wait wait our
secret handshake you guys have a secret
handshake oh my gosh it's not secret
anymore
that's well why don't we have a secret
handshake it's this ha ha ha I do it
back hey sure my brother his little girl
was born with like black curly hair and
a year later it's platinum blonde and
Jackson's hair was born quite dark and
if you look at it it's dark on the sides
the tops and the edges but if you look
at the back you if you won't stop moving
the roots they're coming in blonde so he
really is going to have blonde hair so I
think maybe here by spring he'll
probably have all really light hair but
the sides and edges are pretty dark so
here's how it's going I've got the pig
skin we're doing shirts for skins no the
ladies aren't included don't worry about
that
we've got shirts right here and we've
got skins down there
I'm all-time quarterback we're gonna
make it happen we're gonna play some
football are you ready to rock yeah
let's do it
are you ready to rock let's do it
football here we go let's see what play
they've got going on I think Jarrod is
whispering so that the defender doesn't
know what he's talking about I don't
even know I'm talking about Oh what are
we doing what are they doing you're
making a plan okay they've got a plan
that got a plan in action
blue 42 42 set any fun balls but don't
worry he'll get that good
what is it cost oh he's down you tie I
don't I I can I can talk about go-cart
racing but I can't talk about football
football commentary skills yeah I'm not
very good opportunity for you to learn
how to do football commentary okay I
know ready right
nobody - nobody - that oh oh hey good go
I think one of us may be crying soon
something that I've noticed here in New
York especially with my makeup is you do
not need if I do a foundation in New
York it always needs to be matte because
by the end of the day it's going to be
dewy and I have full-on matte flat
makeup and I think I can feel it
glistening competition continues what's
up next what's going on get away which
boy is gonna be 19 Omaha Omaha good job
high five - everybody high five I think
we're all sweating it is so humid here
are you sweating like crazy yeah
Jarrod are you selling like crazy crazy
but I love good grief of only you guys
could see what's under my shirt in my
armpits
lots of sweat go huh huh that's what
football's all about baby that's what
football is all about you gotta take the
heat you can't take the heat get off the
field that's what I say get off the
field okay let's go oh and are you ready
here we go they got the jump ropes of
death going here I'm gonna take my shot
yeah you do my time to try the death of
stuff so keep your eye on 1 1 2 3
do it over jumpy well does that mean
again work oh he tagged him out why he
he got him down shut
look what what what what we are going in
guys good job
filming down yeah come here
I don't believe that he kind of here oh
oh my gosh okay the cousins want to put
a mask on him and we'll do it for a
second cuz he may not like it now watch
him climb up one more time so I thought
that was so cute
come on buddy you could do it
oh my goodness that is so fun hey guys
my brother-in-law made reservations for
the whole family to go to the sushi
hibachi restaurant and what it is is you
go inside you choose your order and then
they cook it right in front of you and
we're gonna blog them cooking in front
of us but I didn't really want to vlog
much in there just because it's like a
really nice restaurant and I mean it's
just our family that's in there so I
guess I could have logged in there but I
just wanted to play it safe just because
it is really nice in there so anyway I
just want to tell you guys what we were
doing so when we get in there we can
cook the food and it can be really yummy
and really good and that's it let's go
in there and get some food Danna dere
new denim denim tune in tune in soon ooh
target acquired direct hit what I missed
you what darn it I guess I need to
change my optics and here I just ran
outside sake does it really nice
restaurant oops did you say that
oh yeah lean back lean back happy
birthday to you just like what is going
on one two today oh ha whoa
hey I wanted to tell you
st. if of course
Oh
there you go sake Moorhead I'll have you
know baby baby happy birthday
no magic take a wish
happy birthday Jerry you guys oh this is
so one we all love you so much
liberating my birthday today so here's
what we're gonna do I'm gonna take a
bite and we're all gonna pass around
that's what we're gonna do with this is
right if anyone wants to participate
okay one is yeah let's start with Megan
and we'll go it will just take a bite
around oh we're doing a family-style one
by one vote oh look at that he is loving
you Oh Jackson loves you my brother Nate
told them it was my birthday
it's it's not my birthday but I'll get
some cool Oh Oh No but I don't want to
be 27 yet nothing oh man but we had a
lot of fun I think there's some perks
into saying it's your birthday like they
play disco lights and music and you have
a fun party okay I think we're gonna
call it a night we have two more
contenders in the handstand 2014
champion of the world contest brother
Nate who I think has the record right
now from the video he learned handstands
from me yes
so the grasshopper and the master here
and then we've got the bearded champion
right here okay let's do it to it who
wants to film okay so they're gonna do a
handstand in tu ins
ready set go
oh this one
a rematch has been called we're gonna do
this one more time okay here we go
counts down homie on your marks get set
go thanks for watching guys have a good
night we'll see you tomorrow bye bye
by travelpod member
