good morning from Grand Central Station
here in New York City Grand Central
Station Oh Ellie that's an alpha story
one thing I'm definitely not used to is
really like how tall the buildings are
and all they are ginormous and then lots
of jaywalking walking right I did I
didn't get it - got detention
look how ginormous he's building fire so
while we're in Seattle we never ever
went to Starbucks and that's the
Starbucks capital of the world but the
first thing we do today after getting
into the city is L&E and mill Ellen
Ellen holy cow
what Ellie and Melanie say that times
ten times fast
orange refresher and they got their
orange refreshing drink really good did
you get her drink oh that's nice of you
already there it is the New York City
Library can anyone tell me what movies
have been filmed in that library I can
think of one of them Jarrid night at the
Rockefeller and we are gonna actually
come here in a couple of days because we
are going to Jimmy Fallon
and my sister-in-law just told me this
is what the ice-skating rink is in the
winter and I didn't believe her because
I think it was supposed to be a lot
bigger from what I saw in the movies so
I guess this is supposed to be the
ice-skating rink in the winter
I guess I don't really see it what the
heck is this and then we're trying to
figure out what this is if it's like a
cow and a guy just said I said it was a
rocking horse no he said it was a half
pony nothing half pony half dinosaur
he's like joke that it was a rock and
he's like don't you see it the handles
up there the rocking horse and then
someone just crawled out of it in that
little gold thing I guess you can go
inside of it so I think we should try
and figure out how to go inside of it I
have no idea what's going on I don't
need that oh so this this is kind of
like a step back look at it this is Jeff
Koons he's a modern artist I guess he
hasn't some exhibits going on and this
is one of those things but you can see
here that's the pony side and then
that's the I'm guessing I still don't
see it but we're gonna be the cow yeah I
think I think it looks like a cow I
definitely see the rocking horse thing
though why not a horse then I don't get
it
from NBC Studios we bring you Jimmy
Fallon late night we were gonna go see
Jimmy Fallon on Monday is that where
we're gonna do I'm super excited he's
like one of my favorite I love all the
late night stuff Jimmy Kimmel Jimmy
Fallon and Conan they're all so awesome
they're doing such a good job I think
they're just killing it and then we've
got Radio City right here that's pretty
cool I think my brother works around
here some
I don't know I think we're gonna see him
a little bit later today too just right
across the street oh that's perfect some
things that I just think is so cool here
that we really don't have any choice all
the cool tall buildings Jarrod's like if
you know that you're a tourist it's
because everyone's looking up and I
definitely have a tourist what's all
these crazy building
and Jackson's tired too from looking at
all these tall building
he's even looking at so we just left my
brother's work and we are going to go
eat lunch oh my gosh we are going
through Don Antonio's which is a pizza
place fried pizza I guess is it possible
to be really really good so they keep
taking us to these good places so we'll
see if we like this one this is let's
check it out I think it's one of those
chokes don't worry they have a choking
scene here alright we've got the goods
Nate what is this called again
are you real quick
oh yeah it's some sort of deep fried
pizza dough with smoked mozzarella
cheese on it's very good it looks really
really good hey you already took a bite
and I haven't even done anything with it
yeah
deep fried part yeah it's really good
what did you get the margherita pizza
let's go
Jacqueline what are you eating tonight
some pops you got some pups that's
really good I hope you enjoy that holy
cow
someone's hungry like I want some of
that put that in my mouth so we just
finished our awesome pizza oh this
camera is driving me crazy and now we
are at Columbus Circle which is like
it's not the center point but it's like
bottom corner of Central Park and you
can just see everything just goes like
straight down forever you can see the
food buildings I think that's so cool
and then on the other side over here you
see all Central Park and then all the
sides of buildings just a really cool
points like one giant roundabout one
huge circle Columbus Circle is pretty
sweet comes a little bird
la familia Jared do you mind following
our vlogs like and subscribe no that's
okay no he didn't he didn't want to
watch our videos this kid over here is
doing this like really cool skate party
and he keeps falling but he keeps
getting back up and going checks and I
hope one day you look back at these
videos and you're like oh yeah that was
really cool
I like thanks mom and dad for filming
all that stuff so I could remember what
it was like you remember oh yeah yeah
hey I'm trying to vlog here so I totally
forgot to tell you guys I totally forgot
my sunglasses in Spokane and it's really
right here
what oh did I say Spokane holy crap I'm
from Utah I totally forgot my sunglasses
in Utah and the Sun is really bright
here in New York and sort of been like
dying outside because you know I don't
have any sunglasses so I went to the
side of the road and there's a little
kiosk there they had a bunch of
sunglasses so I picked up these
sunglasses for five bucks $5 I've bought
a Subway sandwich for $5 months and you
know how long these sunglasses are gonna
last me heck of a lot longer than a
Subway sandwich well I feel like all we
have been blogging is us eating but
that's kind of what we're doing in New
York we're just trying a bunch of new
places there's this cookie shop that's
like underground look so if you go
underground and it's just this small
cookie shop and supposedly from my
sister and I'll be like the best so best
Donuts best cookies best pizza I think
we've got it all going on I got a dark
chocolate peanut butter cookie I'm and
here got some banana bread is
and once again this kid is exhausted
so yeah those cookies were pretty
amazing the banana bread a little dry
but still really really good it was a
little drier than I wanted it to be it
was a little drier than I wanted to be
but it was really good and now guess
what guys we are getting ready to go to
our Mita what are you anyone's gonna
come I think there's gonna be a few
people there but we don't know we're
just worrying just to get there and see
how it's gonna go yeah yeah this is
looks like our second ever meetup ever
that we've ever had our first just uh so
we're really excited we can't wait so
we're gonna probably start heading over
right now okay we're here at Bethesda
Fountain there's tons of people over
there there's lots of people like taking
wedding pictures that's cool that's
pretty exciting
all the canoes I want to yeah should we
go for a canoe ride yeah all right let's
do it
the camera loves you guys don't there's
not a good-looking couple right there I
think they're awesome
what's your name Nicole is nice holy
crap so we're here at the meetup right
now and we're actually like watching
someone get married right this very
second it's crazy hold on let me zoom in
wait for it no is it ever a couple those
guys right there are legitimately
getting married right this very second
and we're watching it we're watching
love happen right now guys can you
believe that should we go up and just
like take pictures like everyone else
yeah that's crazy oh and then this lady
over here
oh these people are playing violin this
is so crazy
this is crazy and giant bubbles Lorraine
is in college what are you going to
college bright nothing at you like
saying health sciences remember we
talked about like a little belly thing
and I'm like really good at fitness and
everything cuz I study the exercise
sciences though well that's it like
that's like to write a tweet so if you
want to do another but if you want to
respond to that one right there you hit
that button the electronic guy is
teaching her how to tweet no let's see
this picture here real quick I love that
look at what the sock monkey is exciting
this is so cool oh look
do they still have that at the MoMA the
it's by Rockefeller Center no okay
that's like oh hi how are you nice to
meet you what's your name Emily nice to
meet you oh my gosh you guys are so
awesome I can't believe it
avianna like it's so you guys are like
girlfriend/boyfriend
check out what we're doing what you know
I just saw a wedding two seconds I hope
they can do alright getting married this
marriage right now what you think I know
just like oh I'm just awestruck this is
so cool so where you guys from
you were living in Idaho okay
you didn't come from Idaho to see us so
now you're staying here okay cuz you
love it so much so we're all gonna take
we tell em to take the picture the count
of three we'll say this is exciting
one two three this is exciting
do you like our office I always am how's
it going Jerry's dad called perfect
timing with the Meetup
we're just here at the Mew go say hi to
dad everyone say hi nice might as well
say had whole family have the same hair
seeing my dad's hair messed up once and
it was like after all those things like
I have three other brothers and we'd all
wrestle him and we'd get down to mess up
his hair can I tell you secret I don't
know if you guys know but Jared's dad
uses a blow-dryer and I oh I made fun of
it I was like your dad using the blow
dryer like I guess my dad never had hair
growing up so he didn't use a blow dryer
right up and then up there and then like
when I worked in the salon one day I was
doing Jarrett's hair I was like let's
just use a blow dryer to see and like it
like really rolls luminous and like
amazing I looked at it I was like dryer
every day it's ready you should
especially your hair and we have a
statute here and I think if we try and
put something down in here he'll move
oh do you see the kids that's floating
towards you
she turns a stone look she does not move
doesn't even move a muscle that's see
that's intense that's crazy
she winked at me do you see that yeah
she winked at me I think she likes me I
think if you guys wanted to do a
handstand so Jax is not happy so it's
not mine Tim got in front of the
fountain we are doing a handstand Hey
you tuck in that shirt all the way we
know how it works
whoa whoa wow thank you guys thanks for
wanting to do a handstand that's how
it's done guys don't you forget it
handstand champion 2014 well we just
finished with our Meetup and it was
awesome it was so cool to see all the
people that showed up and to talk with
them and sit down it was just so much
fun don't you think
I loved it it was fun actually like
seeing the people that watch like seeing
the viewers it makes it that much more
real it makes it so surreal and so real
like it's so cool to see the people that
watch us like I love it but right now
it's it's raining right now I'm not sure
if you get kinky you can probably see in
the park but it's raining and it's so
hot so the rain feels so good amazeballs
Shake Shack is on the menu for dinner
tonight and we're excited because we
love in and out and that's all we hear
is like I'm starving and they have
amazing dessert is what I hear
oh he did not like that at the end
didn't like it yes you did
holy cow so guess what guys we totally
took the right train tonight
yay we're so good we took the right
train can you believe it it made the
night so much smoother so I think we're
just gonna go home now we've had a very
long awesome awesome day like the meetup
was so cool I can't wait to talk about
Omar okay that's all that's all I wanted
to say okay that's all I wanna say oh my
goodness what is going on here are you
feeding Jackson that's so nice
we have been gone like all day for the
past two days and these kids have been
dying to see and hold and help and play
with Jackson that's so nice of you guys
you guys are so cute we had a wonderful
day all of those who want to participate
in the handstand
please show by the uplifted hand okay
and Ellie will you help us negative
three we're all gonna do a handstand Hey
are you guys ready yeah one two three
good job kiddos yeah it's right against
you and you're still go you're still
going and that is how it's done
yes can I
