shake booty it once could kill you would
be an Uzi your shotgun man what's up
with that bang
I want to know how does it hang straight
up wait up hold up and saliva
good morning guys we you know what I was
thinking Ellie today we have never ever
said hello from this place right here
we've never said good morning and we are
in a totally brand-new place that we've
never before we're in New York City well
no actually we're broken right now right
where are we I have no idea where we are
uh yeah we're in Brooklyn we're in
Brooklyn we're in Brooklyn and we're
about to go eat some of the best
doughnuts in the world or so I hear and
we have never officially introduced
Melanie I think she's been officially
introduced this is my sister my
beautiful sister Melanie's everyone say
hello
she is our navigator extraordinaire she
is taking us through the city and we're
gonna have a lot of fun we're gonna meet
up with some people and he awesome
Donuts she's one that has all the cute
kids yeah sweet well it may have taken
us a little bit longer than we initially
anticipated we finally made it after
maybe what an hour now we're in the car
we are here at DOE and we are anxiously
waiting to see what it tastes like
how cute is inside this doughnut shop so
we don't never try to the biscuits oh
and small I love it I think I'm going to
get them loca I'm going to get the
chocolate forever
my brother's going to give the cinnamon
sugar and then our sister mock she's
gonna get the open Melanie is going to
get hibiscus right here your honestly
though I do look they're supposedly
really good so I'm excited to try it we
finally got to where we need to be and I
have this doughnut that I'm about to eat
and everything that I've heard it's
amazing so I can't wait to try it
Elia have you tried yours yet yes oh
geez here we go this is ginormous look
how big this done it is right that I've
really got porn now because traffic was
so bad she literally just dropped us off
at my brother's apartment and then left
to go pick up her kid from school
because traffic I guess is really bad in
New York I have no idea who knew we have
been eating some crazy stuff we had some
really amazing doughnuts and then we
just finished eating at this meatball
shop where we had what they called on
the menu balls - I'm naked belly had and
eight naked balls and I ate it was
called the hero so I wasn't near as cool
but um where else would you find Nika
balls to eat you know New York that's
what you eat in New York is naked boss
wouldn't be fun to be at Central Park if
we didn't have Jackson go for a ride we
are not going to push him in the
stroller until we get over to that
little bridge over there Sam easy yeah
and nobody's getting run out of the
girls beer
vicious niggas fast now let go oh no you
tell me get to that the hill the hill
yeah you like that Nick wish
I think Jackson is pretty pretty
comfortable in New York when you say
let's go to position ever since we got
you got your feet up you got your finger
in your mouth maybe he's just airing out
because it's really hot so I'm sure
there's another entrance somewhere but
we've got a stroller here and there's a
bunch of stairs here why not just make
some fun out of it and carry them up so
here we go let's go
remember what we had for lunch looks
like lunch was it the only naked thing
here in New York this whole room is kind
of
I feel like I'm the anomaly here that
I'm actually wearing clothes yeah I feel
like they're all do you is this is very
very chiseled very very chiseled so we
have been wandering around the Met
Museum for like what 30 minutes trying
to find this musical instrument exhibit
and each person took us in a totally
different direction
each information guide and we finally
got here and I am waiting to turn around
this corner and I'm hoping I see some
guitars I'm hoping I see some sweet
guitars that's Jess ah yes finally so
cool I think my dad would be in heaven
right now these guitars are actually
really really cool I'm looking I'm
wondering if they have any like CF
Martin guitars here and of course as
soon as I say that here it is right here
the Martin did I ever tell you guys that
story about my Martin ukulele my 1900s
Martin ukulele have to tell you that
sometime when I had my hip surgery I had
lots of time to learn how to do
something so my uncle actually gave me a
ukulele and it was a ukulele that he
actually bought from DI it's like a
thrift shop and he bought that there for
three dollars and he's like I need to
get some new strings on and everything
but as soon as I get it
you know restrung I'll give it to you
well I looked at the thing and it said
it was a Martin ukulele which if you
guys don't know Martin is actually a
really really good guitar company and
they've been around for years and years
and years and years well I looked at the
serial number on it I was like oh this
is like really really early
Martin ukulele so I was like huh I
wonder if it's like real so we actually
took it to an appraiser and had him look
at it actually worth like a lot more
than three dollars
I have like it's like a 19-15 Martin
ukulele it's one of the first of its
type and he made tons of ukuleles before
that but it's one of the first of his
type of that type and it's really really
cool so as soon as I found that out I
box it up and now I have it just like
under our under our bed so no one will
use it and take it because I played it a
lot now I'm like oh I probably shouldn't
have done that like a lot and I bought
you your other ones so you can actually
like not worry about breaking it yeah
okay round two here we go
touchdown we did good
like a two-year-old baby no I think it's
funny I just got too tired I don't want
to walk it here you got to walk a lot in
New York well thank you David thank you
I feel like I can carry my whole family
on my back
you really can't and Jackson's in their
sleep good little guy he's sleeping
right now now this was worth all the
walking look at all that this is totally
worth the Long Walk because we've got
the Apple store we've got the Apple
store and that huge toy store right next
to each other doesn't that look pretty I
can't even wait to go into the Apple
store you guys
I'm home there is equal store ever
coolest apple store ever you even heard
it
ready okay one two you got it all right
good job you got it look at this
they've since I was here last time they
totally redid all the glass I'm home
this is like a great glass elevator for
ya for even in the cost elevator ever oh
my goodness oh my boobs do you need
anything from here everything from
should buy a whole bunch of SD cards
well external hard drives we need a new
ya shooter might as well get a couple
display over here couple of near max so
one thing I cannot do over at this store
every time we go to the Apple store I'm
always like Kay Jarrod we gotta go I
already know beforehand
I cannot allowed to say that today you
could take your time this is my time
this is my time let's get bleep Jarrod's
in need of a map buxley for the rent no
on can we take a picture with you okay
cuz this look I need a picture with that
ready yeah one two three thank you
please dear
should I tell that guy that I didn't
take a fiction I was actually vlogging
you you blogged the whole time I'd like
oh yeah unhe I just found Jackson's toy
we've got to get this one this one's
ginormous and eating leaves Jackson
that's you Tony yeah he's looking at it
look at that no Ellie I think you
dropped your nametag sweetie Oh sweetie
let me try that again
Ellie I think you dropped her nametag
you're my smattered look Jackson's been
going on holding on to this giraffe for
probably four or five minutes I told you
if he can actually hold on to it the
whole time we're here
I'll buy it but look how cute he is
holding on to it he's just like he's not
wanting to let go he loves it so we'll
see if he can hold on to it the whole
time we're here at the big piano and I
want Jackson to crawl and I want to see
if he can actually make some noise
that sounds great Jared
yummy yummy America we ought to take the
train back home I think a little treat
on the train would be I mean don't judge
us for the amount of couple more
Oh
I'm trying to get here to Grand Central
High it was a lot of fun we had an
adventure we knew where we were going we
were just when we got there we didn't
know what to do we'd essentially but we
figured it all out how was your first
subway ride it was good my first day in
New York was
you go to bed though are you tired
exhausted
I know Elly's back's been killing her
that's kind of why I carried you up 30
blocks alone how long
I've kind of all so we're just taking
the train home anymore yeah can you
believe that is weird
it's a really weird to say that we're in
New York taking the train home and we're
going to party that's what we're doing
here we're on vacation we're gonna party
and we'll play all day party all night
to make this night even more interesting
we got on the train and we were told
that it was going to go to our stop and
yep you guessed it it didn't go to our
stop so I'm not sure if that was our
fault or the conductor's fault but I'm
having more fun than I have all day this
is exciting this is an adventure we're
definitely having for sure so we are in
North white and plains and that is not
where we're supposed to be so we're
waiting for the next train the conductor
was all nice is like oh yeah here's a
ticket take this train go back to this
stop and you should be just fine
so we are lost in New York can you
believe that lost in New York the Train
the Train I think that's our train I
hope that they're trying to take us home
so we can be with our family we'll check
and make sure for sure this time
jairs felt very happy but I find it
quite amusing to be lost with an
eight-month-old that's ready for bed I
find it really funny because we just got
on another train and it was the wrong
train again but it's in the right
direction that's the important thing as
we're going in the right direction we
are so lost I think it's really funny
actually holy crap I think we finally
did it take me home take my home gonna
marry not sitting where the grass is
green and the girls on pretty Oh Joe
breathing me home yeah yeah we finally
go on the right train and we finally
made it for the right stuff and my
sister is probably waiting for us she's
gonna pick us up thank goodness
fun time I leave Jackson on a joint
front he does this in his aunt's house
hugest prove to the poor well we finally
made it home and I think we're gonna say
good night what a day oh I forgot to
tell you guys we got home and I was like
I'm gonna give Jackson a bath so she
took off his clothes and everything and
she went to go like grab something from
her purse just in the same room and I
went downstairs to drop some things off
and I walked back into the room
Ellie still had her back turned and
Jackson had left the biggest log of
poop on their hardwood floor it was like
instant like both of our backs were
turned per second and Jackson pooped
everywhere on the hardwood floor I could
not believe it Ellie said can I tell you
a secret let's go find out what the
secret is hold on I'm walking out what's
the secret
you did he was logged as turd hmm I have
no ideas lost naked and pooped in New
York holy cow
well I think we're gonna end it guys and
I think I'm gonna do a handstand right
here but just like old times
thanks for watching guys I hope you have
a wonderful day come to our meetup if
you're watching it right now it's today
at 4 p.m. at the Bethesda Fountain in
New York City come see us and say hi to
us yep I'm staying here it's a long
handstand I'm so good Hey look how good
I am at this handstand you think I can
clap my hands
