good morning it's time to go to New York
my eyes are burning I am wide awake and
it is 421 in the morning holy crap
what time did you go to bed I don't even
know 11:30 11:30 I went to bed at 1:30 I
got up it and we got up at 2:30 and got
Jackson up at 3:00 yeah I am running on
one hour of sleep
yay Jarrod you are smart with your
decisions and five minutes until our
shuttle comes are you excited to go to
New York excited I'm excited to go near
to just to see how he does on this likes
a lot more time than it was yeah the
longer flights and I don't know I just
feel like maybe people will be angry
here today I don't know I don't know why
but I'm just like people might be angry
this is an early flight you know if
you're like I want to go back to sleep
but I'm excited are you excited I'm
excited let's catch a plane physics is
exciting guys we just totally use my
phone to check it out my boarding pass
and I use paper technology rules
somebody told me that Jackson looks like
Prince George
since charge the debate I said yes he
has a prince he's a print Merrick
better-looking Prince Oh
can you say them
to Jackson
which is luck
I think this plane needs an extra luck
you
well I think we can call stop number one
check I think Jackson isn't awesome it
was good it was awesome he slept for a
little bit but he was a good boy for a
crime he slept during takeoff and that's
pretty much it which is probably the
worst part you know yeah but he did
really good
and he's tired now so I think he's gonna
try and find a triangular mothball fleet
but yeah on to the next plane
you
you
you
round round round I go when they'll stop
we'll never know
are those our bags no problem doesn't
matter bags my telephone hurt by when I
so when I stood up I was like oh my gosh
my bladder is going to yeah we were
crazy
one else feel great so Jackson had a
good fight he was such that was probably
the best fight he's ever done I'll have
more fight that he did so good didn't
ship everybody smiles and they see such
a happy boy our family just picked us up
and my our sister took us to this huge
food place so there's tons of different
like food places that you can choose
from but we decided to get the pizza
look how cute it is it's like this
little oven outside they cook the pizza
in I love it okay so tell me what
everyone got huh Ellie would you get I'm
eating until great but we got pizza
pizza
mmm we got some noodles don't taste like
flat pizza in Provo actually but better
in my opinion I think it's way again you
guys got a cheese pizza right is it good
oh so good Wow oh good I'm jealous I'm
jealous of those Nutella crepes I think
I might not be another Weiser I might
have to have another bite we are here
with my nieces and nephews you guys are
just so cute I can't believe it's been
so long since we've seen each other in
fact this is the first time you guys
have ever seen Jackson huh what do you
guys think is he cute should we keep him
I think we'll keep it but we're here at
this park we just had some awesome pizza
which I think you guys already saw and
some crepes and everything and now we're
just hanging out having a lot of fun
these kids are showing me all of their
acrobatic moves and I I have to say I'm
really impressed with you guys you guys
are awesome show me how it's done I
failed the first time I did it I'll hold
your hat I've got it right here for you
okay let's see yeah
holy cow holy cow effortless effortless
up top bud you made it look so easy
let's see you do man he's got one he's
going to - Kenny makes three oh he's got
three he's got three gonna go for can he
turn four
you're so close oh man so close number
four all righty let's see it here sure
yeah
okay ready one two three jump okay okay
all right let's see it one grabs - can
she turn two into three oh she's got
three can't you finish it off
oh she reaches she just got to land on
the flubber oh yeah good job that's
awesome all right Jackson let's see you
do it
oh you're spinning all over the place
good job what are you doing here
climbing the tower you gonna go all the
way up to the very top oh my gosh you're
so brave oh my goodness look at you
you're all the way up there good job
Oh No Oh No the typhoon the typhoon is
coming let's see it man
oh the dismount nailed it oh you're
making this look way too easy you're
going way too quick this is effortless
for you you're making this look way too
easy
move over ninja champion holy cow in a
matter of seconds he scales the whole
tower say I'm the king of the world
stand up and say I'm the king of the
world
pop and lock le pop and lock you're the
cutest thing you're just holding his
hand and he is loving it look he's
smiling - I love the Jacksons with his
cousin's is so fun all in all I think
this is a pretty sweet place I've got an
awesome food they've got tons of people
here and there's even live music that
I've got I think this guy's mace looks
really serious out and get a close-up on
that one
dad what do you think of that base I
think it's pretty sweet that is the most
weird mint chocolate chip I have ever
tasted
it's like you did you it's like it's
like the actual weakness
you can like taste the green yeah it's
not like a fake mint it's like like a
legitimate it's legitimate
oh it's legitimate it's a bit it's weird
that's rude epiphany get out what do you
think do you like it you do I don't like
it one last stop before we clean up your
whole day
you want to look okay you have you want
cleaner Oh and onion here point oh oh oh
yeah clean your clean your face up Shawn
are you okay I think you're all clean
now
we're reading Jackson a story
can you thank him are you guys I think
we're gonna call it a night
thank you so much for watching we've
finally made it to New York and we have
a special guest who's gonna end the vlog
for us tonight hi thanks for watching
bye good job all right let's see your
business whoo good job sure yeah
there you go good job I think that
deserves a high-five
good job bye thanks for watching guys
Oh real quick we have a meet-up on
Friday at 4 p.m. at the bed Bethesda
Fountain check Instagram and Twitter for
more updates thanks bye
