all my bags are packed and I'm ready to
go I'm standing here outside your door
and doo doo dee doo doo doo Jackson's
asleep we are going on a jet plane we're
gonna go to New York City that's Ryan
can't line up and you fit yeah I want to
work today
pretty cool huh can't see it because oh
he's not running I won this fit bad I
work cuz I'm awesome um so here's the
thing guys we have been going nonstop
since what 7:00 this morning I am
exhausted past four days yeah
we have been getting ready for New York
I have been working Ellie's been packing
I went to an eye appointment Ellie cut
my hair we have been going like crazy
and we have so much to do still it is
what 9:45 our flight leaves at 6 a.m. so
we probably have to leave our house at
3:30 in the morning oh yeah what were we
thinking Jarrett we weren't thinking I
remember booking I was like yep that'll
work there's a baby mommy think you know
but here's the cool thing here's the
thing that the first thing that I say
when I walked in the house today I'm
okay son I know you're like yes vacation
so my job today I was packing everything
up that's like all of Jackson's stuff
all of our clothes we got to get our
camera stuff ready charge to go so we
decided bring the DSLR I don't think so
I don't think I decided that we were
just going to do a one take today I was
gonna film throughout the day but I
thought Jarrett's gonna get home late
from work we got to wake up early so
it's a one taker and pretty much all I
did was pack and I wrote a million a
million and a half letters back today
and that was really fun to go through
all the letters if you guys had sent me
something and you didn't receive a water
it could be because I wasn't able to
read the handwriting or a lot of them
are out of the country and just you just
never know if it's going to make it so I
don't know but then
you guys for sending letters that we
loved it I loved reading them today
and I met Jamie a Walmart Jared you told
me that yeah I met Jamie at Walmart and
your Instagram about it - she commented
on your Instagram ah lot - I have to go
look hi Jamie
yeah I'm sorry I didn't it's it's fun
because I she commented on the vlog and
I saw her username and I was like oh she
comments quite often like and I've
written back to her like I know her
because of her comment but then seeing
her in person and then relating the two
is really fun and interesting but we
have one thing that we have to tell you
before we let you go and it is our
official Meetup
she was I missed up nope there's no
editing it's a one-take she was more
like a beauty queen from a movie scene I
said don't mind but what do you mean I
am the one who danced on the floor and
around oh me oh I'm go dance on the
floor and around oh I can't do it it's
hard I can't be Michael Jackson in the
move on I'm still jealous of Austin oh
you couldn't moonwalk really well yeah
if you can so official meet-up
information headquarters right now this
is it guys this is it we looked at our
schedule we listened to a lot of your
comments and we look at our family
schedule this is what we could do so I
apologize if not all of you guys can
make it Friday 4:00 p.m. Bethesda
Fountain New York City USA world Milky
Way galaxy okay
be there or be square 4:00 p.m. New York
City so number date on Friday let me
look on my Pebble watch here Oh
third fourth fifth September 5th at 4
p.m. episodes the phone we need to
Instagram it and tweet it I'm actually
going to make a really cool Instagram
picture at omen and I'll post it post it
Hey yeah man stamp it stamp in it
nice still yes Stamford over hey hey
and one last thing and we are going to
do it does it we are going to New York
tomorrow now we have things that we want
to do in New York but one of the main
reasons is also to visit our family that
we haven't seen and we have two siblings
in New York and both of them have kids
and one of them has multiple kids and we
want to be really respectful of their
privacy and so we I don't know how it's
gonna go I don't know how the logs are
going to go we'll film outside all we
want when we're out in town but when
we're with the family it may not be a
typical vlog like we are when we were
here the other day like in my parents
house and Jared's parents like I just
don't know how it's going to be because
we want to be respectful of their
privacy and we want to be respectful of
their kids because if their kids are on
our vlog you know I don't know we just
want to be really respectful so I don't
know how it's going to go so just bear
with us for at least the next couple of
days until Jared and I get a feel for
what we should shouldn't you know vlog
so we are pumped New York City wondering
what do you bring to New York City ever
all of our clothes everything look at my
shoes is gonna be there um and what else
are we gonna what else we're gonna go
what else is there to talk about what
should we talk about I don't know but
it's a one take grandpa we got a text
from Jennifer that grandpa's actually
doing pretty well today they went on a
drive and he actually had a banana split
yeah hurt so I thought that was people
it was what I think it's cute I don't
know I'm laughing I think it's cute but
grandpa like the past several days
hasn't said anything he's laid in his
chair he hasn't been doing well and then
today kind of perked up so I'm sure
it'll wear him out and tomorrow he'll be
tired by glad that he was able to get up
and move and I think that's it guys I
swear there was one other thing I was
supposed to say the blogging there's
probably how much you love me I love
your beard I want you to tell them right
now how much you love me tell them your
favorite thing about me Jared
I love how hard of a worker you are well
you can't play if I'm telling you how
much I love you I'm giving you
background music okay Jerry I love you
wait hold on I gotta get the right key
this is not a minor thing this is a
major chord
ready Jared I love you so much
I love that you're hard worker I love
that you love Jax and of course everyone
loves their kids but you just really you
soak it all in and you love Jackson I
love that you work so hard on the videos
and blogs for us and I love your new
facial hair even though it's a little
patchy there's this new product do not
new but there's a product I want to get
you yeah um it's not like makeup it kind
of but it's just depending what well no
no listen it's too it's for men and it's
too deep in your beer like if it's
splotchy you kind of go over it and it
kind of like blends it and it's really
cool boss makeup artist system and he
like knows everything he knows
everything but I love that you're hard
worker and I love that you're always
positive and I love it you're always
patient with me what do you love about
me that's for next vlog no okay you got
to play the ukulele now no I'll play no
I'll play you know some chords right one
of the things that I love most about
Ally meek one of the things that I love
most about Ella Meachem is I'm stuck in
the ukulele is her work ethic she works
harder than a lot of people that I know
and she does it with a smile on her face
most of the time
that's actually a good cord you're
giving Brian a run for his money you
know that right um I love Ellie that she
works so hard
she's absolutely beautiful she's funny
and she is not afraid to tell you how it
is she's a good cook and she likes to
clean I think that's amazing she enjoys
cleaning the apartment which is so great
because I really really don't I don't
enjoy it well I do a little bit you know
making when we work together I enjoy
that I think that's what I enjoy about
it I don't actually enjoy the cleaning
part there's so many things that I love
about Ellie and I think she's wonderful
thank you you're welcome
should we call this good I think so do
you want to do a handstand I do I mean a
new handstand
Nicolette you I'm really tired okay
Ellie's been working all day so she is
tired
I thought Jackson to bed at 6:00 because
he was so tired which was a good thing
so you have to wake him up at 3:00 oh
I've seen people who do like yoga they
do handstands like this try it
forearm stands that's why I say ah
I'll try regular handstand whoo yeah
nothing does new yoga stuff Oh Jared
that's amazing good bye guys
bye guys
