happy Labor Day have fun laboring at
your job I will have fun laboring at my
job doing my duty at my workplace I love
you have a wonderful day I've got to go
I gotta go goodbye have fun laboring
so light change of plans here we are
actually together with my family again
my work actually was really nice and
they said you know what you should
probably take a personal day so you can
be with your family so our first job we
they were fully staff they're like you
know what
go take the day with your family so
that's what we're doing and today is a
great day because we're with family and
we're gonna go to the temple we are here
at the Ogden temple this is where we got
married and we actually ran into one of
our viewers hi I'm Sean Allen is so nice
to meet you that's so nice of you to
stop I know it's so fun like it's so
cool like actually supposed to work
today we're like well that was fun and
exciting and totally unexpected anyway
as I was saying today is a wonderful day
because we are going to the Ogden temple
open house a little lesser-known fact is
that Ellie and I actually got married at
the Ogden temple and they totally
renovated it and then having an open
house so people can see what it's like
and so we're gonna go stand in line and
go through and here we go this is what
it looks like are you guys ready to see
this
and what's fun about it is we got
married there but now it's completely
different
well I think that was amazing definitely
worth the trip an hour and a half wait
in line I think if you guys ever have
the opportunity to go to a temple open
house you definitely should because it
is beautiful it is stunning it is
amazing it is wonderful but I can't
think of anything better to do now then
go and get something to eat with family
is my family's favorite place to go to
Chinese so my parents are coming along
with Jared's parents and Jennifer and
Jackson and Ty and we are gonna go eat
but first I think we need to drive are
we tossed bars I think we should try and
fight the big I thought I used to work I
don't have to make a stop but we'll just
try we'll drive for drive faster yeah
we'll drive past and show you guys where
I used to work and I used to always get
my dates there the time that I dated the
most was as far as ice cream
well the way of traffic we're not able
to go by the Fars ice cream that I used
to work with because it's just so busy
right here but we are gonna have to come
back next time we come down into town
we'll go get an ice cream cone I think
we should do that mom's calling me time
on ABC Mandarin that's the place to be
if you want Chinese in Utah that's where
you go if you want to have Chinese it's
Oh God Jackson take a look at the fish
dish Jackson
what does the fish today it is fishing
so we're sitting here at dinner and this
I don't think this has ever happened to
me before this is crazy we're sitting
here and then the waiter brings over two
plates and we're like everyone else's
and it turns out they brought these same
exact order that we've got to the wrong
table so Ellie and I are sharing this
plate and my uncle over there has his
plate and no one else has our food but
these these plates right here which are
actually supposed to go to that table
over there the party of 11 so I hope
they do not hate us because we are
eating their food right now but I think
that they get our bill to it right I
think that's how that works and they pay
for our foods out because we have the
right yeah alright guys we have been
having such a good time just hanging out
chatting with the family we had some
dessert after dinner and it's been so
good is my littlest little sister and
she is my little sister who's little and
I think she's only 12 but she is she is
12 in my mind but she is married and she
is taking some of you about and yeah
some of you have asked us sorry guys
sorry not sorry sorry not sorry hashtag
so in case you were wondering that's my
sister but we've been having a fun time
and I think we're just gonna end the
vlog here I think we're all gonna do a
handstand is that correct everyone we're
gonna do a handstand well I guess I'll
do a handstand maybe I'll try doing like
a handstand pushup the color of the
carpet is everywhere everyone
say you could do it okay I'll try a
handstand push-up with a clap thanks for
watching guys Oh should we talk about
Saturday's on a Friday a lot of people
have been tweeting us about doing the
Meetup on Saturday instead of Friday let
me know what your thoughts are in the
comments down below
okay thanks love you bye okay yeah the
battery's flashing - did you push shut
did you hear that
that's first I need to start working out
thanks for watching bye we're gonna move
the toilet okay everyone we're gonna do
a group hug and you're invited love you
guys
