good morning guys we are here at Grandma
and Grandpa's house and we were just
reminiscing about some fun fond memories
of growing up in our house in Washington
State and we just cracked a joke about
one time what growing up I said growing
up down we throw up quite a bit in these
vlogs but we mostly talking about
growing up
we started out talking about if everyone
thinks that we should take the chance
and do YouTube full-time and grandma was
like wait what are you talking about and
Jared's like do you think we should and
she was yep and Jared goes we're moving
to Saudi Arabia and that reminded us of
a story that happened when when we were
all little you know is just all six kids
of us at home and mom and dad took us to
the table at dinnertime and they said we
need to talk and and this is the story
so we had a client with facilities in
lots of different foreign countries and
and we were doing a ton of work for them
and had been for quite a few years and
so we had everybody at the dinner table
and I had my passport and my passport
was on the table next to my plate and
you know we said we had to talk and so
we're all sitting there eating dinner
and talking and and I have my passport
there and I said I have some some news
for you the client has asked me to
manage their new facility and so we're
all moving to Saudi Arabia me and milk
cry instantly instantly right just burst
into tears oh and everyone else was just
I think I was like where's a map I had
no idea where Saudi Arabia was gosh I
was probably what 12 no 10 you were - I
think I was eight so you had to have
been ten yeah cuz Mel was a teenager
well tell them why we did it yeah why so
what well yeah well because I was
teaching seminary early-morning seminary
and we were talking about when Lee I
took his family from Jerusalem into the
wilderness and some of his kids were
willing to go and some of them really
weren't
and so I wanted to try this so I could
tell my seminary
that we had done it and what the
attitudes of the kids were yes wanted to
go that's right yeah Mellon Jennifer you
guys are out of the family now anything
I just remember crying hmm but yeah it
was pretty dramatic so that's that's the
story one of the memories we reference
all the time is just like you remember
that one time we were gonna move to
Saudi Arabia
we weren't really gonna move them no
okay I think you guys are ready for
another jam session there is a she and
she sails the sea
she's loaded e as he can be
but not Saudi and mine when first is Oh
is cold and disappeared my son do
the water is why I can cross neither i
wings to fly build me although that will
carry to hand wash out
I love and
we both shall grow
yeah I tell you something long time I
kept thinking dad hates your scruff ha
ha it's it's dad hates it but do you
hate it that much she's like I was like
a better clean-shaven but it's not bad
hey kids never been one to grow it up
because he hasn't never glide but did
you did we show you guys he actually
like cleaned it up this is what I did a
couple days ago I mean we don't know is
there a certain spot that you're
supposed to end it like is he supposed
to wear the last sidewalk here or is it
supposed to be likely like we don't know
but because he's spot right there he has
to at least go there anyway I think you
look really good you but Dad you look
really clean shaven nice was always
nicely done I've only seen that
gentleman a beard one time in my life
and I was probably what a 2 years old
maybe why why did he have a beard maybe
I'm only remembered better you just saw
a picture because probably I probably
just saw a picture and that's the only
time I remember I did yeah that beard
cuz I went on the Yellowstone fires in
1988 that was the reason why the
Yellowstone fires happened no I mean he
was the reason they were put out and so
I worked there for a month and I lived
out of the back of our van and worked on
the fires for a month and I didn't shave
oh I want to find that picture yes I'm a
good girl
if I did Matt still has the shirt that
he wants better Matt still wears that
t-shirt it's a really cool t-shirt it's
like a three-quarter sleeve and it has
like all the fires where you know we're
shown on the map it's a cool t-shirt I
like I wish I had a mat I want that
shirt
I know he's good at guitar guys he's way
better than I am I know I know I'm not
um what songs do you guys want to hear
us like if we ever sit down and play
together like what what do you guys want
to hear yeah because once we get back
from our trip we're still gonna come
back down and see everyone so you guys
ought to do a lot more jamming I need to
figure out where we're gonna have a
meet-up in New York Oh today by the end
of the vlog you'll tell them you didn't
go do it again
look at that look at him go
good job he's growing early before the
cool done run out I'll be giving it my
bestest and nothing's gonna stop me but
divine intervention I reckon it's again
my turn to win some more open up your
mind and see like me open up your plans
and damn you're free look into your
heart and you'll find love love love boo
boo boo doo boo boo pop we do dude don't
you want to come on scooch on over
closer dear and now Nev oh you hear
somebody tomorrow Oh pop
scooby-dooby-doo
where are you I think it's a beautiful
day for a walk what do you say family
thanks ed t I think we're gonna go on
and walk and I think dad's gonna join
with Grandpa gets to go grandpa wait
props to you you walked like five miles
this morning did you really walk five
miles almost yeah holy cow mom I hate it
we we we like we're sweaty holy cow
if I think about walking five miles like
it tired where's your shoes oh do I need
shoes I guess we're going on a walk so
we were just talking it's I think it's
hilarious Oh grandpa you know his blood
is thin he's cold all of the time so
Grandma and Grandpa's house is hot all
of the time and we were just laughing
about like wow it's a lot cooler outside
than it is in the house let's go outside
and cool off a little bit in this
integration and a 90-degree summer
weather we are gonna cool off outside I
just don't believe that you did it are
you kidding me I just don't know if
that's really cm right there that's him
1982 my dad supposedly carved this but I
just know there's out strong
I just don't know so cm 1982 I think it
just stands for someone else's name no
he's got all these arrowheads and
everything on there whoever did it did a
really really good job I just don't know
if it was that it was me I promise every
single robot was made by me we're even
alive in 1982
no actually it's it's so cool I think
this is awesome you carved this and then
my mom painted this and she also painted
this right here I feel just like full of
artistic awesome people in our family
my god this is kinky yeah I got you
thank you oh do you want funny buddy
oh he loves it grandpa
oh what a kid love this boy let's
grandpa family Nichkhun hey grandpa
funny looking hey dude well I finally
made it back home what a wonderful day
and I actually brought someone with me
do you guys want to see who it is I
brought someone home with me
I came huh it's my wife you guys were
probably thinking something crazy no
it's just Ellie she's my wife and she's
beautiful and amazing I love her and
she's home with me today I love it
I decided I better come home I think
that's a good choice I think I think
that's a very wise and honorable choice
that you made and I'm really proud of
you for that Ellie I'm Ruth proud rock
don't look at me with those eyes like
that Ellie I see you rolling your eyes
in the back of your head come on hey
will you guys come to this
nina guys we are going to New York we're
gonna go to New York City and we want to
have a meet up we want to meet you guys
a couple of you guys we weren't planning
on meet of the several people have been
asking so we would love to have it meet
up but we just didn't know if anyone
would show up so we want to take the
time and we want to ask you guys if we
have a meet-up in in New York would you
guys come we are planning on having a
meet-up it's going to be September 5th
at the Bethesda Fountain Inn in Central
Park
and we're probably thinking around like
3 p.m. we're gonna have all the details
ironed out in the next couple days but
we really want to know would you guys be
able to come to a meet-up
if we had one in New York it probably
will be at the Bethesda Fountain
September 5th which is a Friday let us
know in the comments down below if we
had a meet-up then would you guys be
able to make it because if we have it
and no one shows up then we'll feel a
little bit silly and we'll walk around
the park a little bit and then we'll
just call it a day but we want to know
if you guys will be there so we're gonna
have fun no matter what we're so excited
to see family I'm looking at your little
Hallie bug this is my second time in the
city Ellie have you ever been to New
York oh my goodness you are gonna have
so much fun the city that never sleeps
but yeah that's it for today we had so
much fun grandpa is he's not doing too
well so hopefully thanks for the
well-wishes yeah it's so nice to see all
the comments like wishing grandpa well
and we talked to him about it we tell
Grandma and Grandpa like all of these
people are wishing you well thank you
guys from the bottom of our hearts like
that means a lot to them that they have
that encouragement it's so cool I'm
gonna hand Ellie the camera because it's
time to end this video it's time to end
the video Oh times like my how am I
gonna do a handstand with all of these
obstacles Ellie okay should I try it
yeah I'm gonna do it right in the middle
up over the diaper through the wipes
into the bag and out the door okay here
we go over the diaper through the white
into the back and into a handset and out
the door you might be smudging by
