hey scare ya
time to say goodbye and I had a lot of
fun playing puzzles with you I love you
Cody
yeah are you crying are you suicide do
you want to say goodbye or is it not a
good time to talk say I love you see I
love you a Tele
say goodbye say I love you I love you
goodbye
Monica's single by Cody say goodbye I
love you Oh your mom's giving you the
evil eye
psycho bye thanks Bonnie
thanks for trying sure love you ain't
like you guys Jackson you say goodbye to
your cousin you can remember video is
this grandma me come open and I saw your
cute pictures of your family on Facebook
you and your mom look so beautiful and
the guys look so handsome
yeah yeah hey guys I just got to Grandma
Grandpa's house and I guess grandpa is
not doing very well at all and so we're
really trying to just keep things really
quiet inside so Jackson and I decided to
come outside and stay quiet and rock and
we're just going to wait for Jared to
get here and see his family and right
now is just a really special time to be
around family I think Jackson I told you
you could lick the rocks and eat the
dirt but I didn't think you'd really
swallow the dirt grandma and Jackson
just playing in the dirt look at the
grass Oh oh my goodness ejected look can
you see this I can't look I'm gonna the
grasshopper when I grab it oh oh he
hopped away too right
I am reunited with my family and I love
it I love it I love it I love it I love
it I love it I miss these gauzy so much
it gets rotten for even happier because
you dollars family oh yeah they're
loving really before I think you guys
know my sister to see my sister Jennifer
you guys know her how we're happy that
my sister and she's in town and I'll
show you where the guys are at I was
here earlier but I just felt like I
needed to do something different there's
grandpa and there's the other grandpa in
the wild
let's see how close we can get more
Alexa
that's pretty close
so I just drove almost two hours to come
visit my family and Jennifer and my dad
drove what 11 10 hours to come be with
us and just hang out with a family so
dad is exhausted he is so tired he
neglected scouting is de how did you
know jerry the first time hahaha I think
I jumped a little bit of that I was
seeing how close I could get uh-huh
without waking you up
hi dad how are you Oh exhausted yeah
this is you haven't been on the vlog for
a very long time
nope not says gosh not since Jeff we
bless Jackson's last time we thought you
holy cow it's been a long time everyone
say hi to my dad hi dad Oh dad I brought
two guitars and one ukulele so we can
play guitar out yeah we are gonna kill
it we are gonna kill it on the guitar
you guys be ready cuz it's coming
tonight huh are you ready are you ready
catching up you missed it haha
ready one two t oh he's like oh it's
like don't do that ready 1 2
Oh missed it oh he's tired
you guys just missed it he was laughing
hysterically when I was doing that he
was just going crazy
masteren ready 100 did you hear that did
you hear that oh is that the first time
he's ever said that no I said earlier
but that was a good rule yeah we got it
on film
oh you're squeezing is there
on mom squeeze his head that's going to
be the title of the video today hey
buddy
replay Ansari blur is it time to put him
down to bed yeah are you so cute and
you're so cute look at your fun little
giraffe pajamas at your favorite grandma
got you yeah
favorite for sure favorite grandma for
sure I love you son all grandmas your
favorite yes have sweet dreams dream of
wonderful things sleep tight and don't
you let the bed bugs bite okay good
night good night son dad can't come into
town without jam session so I hope you
enjoy
are you messing up summer No
thank you you're on candid camera can
you smile can use model madam all right
guys I think we're gonna call it a night
um we had a lot of fun just hanging out
with family and everything I am my
grandma's house right now I'm actually
gonna stay the night here and I'm in
grandma's front room and I want to show
you grandma's from room because there's
some pretty cool stuff in here there's
some pretty cool neat things it's not
really like a room that you go in is
kind of just fun stuff to look at she's
got like some cool figurines and
everything that she's collected over the
years
she's got even the giant statue right
over what the heck that's a real-life
statue oh my gosh is so really Katy and
beautiful Oh your son's gorgeous statue
you're a good looking statue probably
the best-looking statue I've ever seen
it's good to have you home it's good to
be it's been fun to kiss you scruff it's
good to be with you I just want to kiss
you yeah that's the vlog thanks so much
for watching I hope we had enough
footage for you guys to enjoy because
we've mostly just been hanging out are
you guys okay are you guys okay what's
going on over there mom's doing
handstand quick quick entertain us yeah
yeah Ellie or sorry Jennifer just ran
into mom with the door so we told you
guys are I told you earlier that grandpa
wasn't doing very well today
grandpa is not doing very well and we
just don't know how much time we have
left with them so we're gonna spend as
much time as we can as work will allow
as much I can be here Jared got someone
to cover his work shift tomorrow so just
stay here with some family Marina has
spent some time with family and just
enjoy just drive away with each other
and that sounds fine and just be happy
with your family just be happy with your
family and that's I that's just one of
the messages like I am so happy to be
with you I love you and I love my
grandpa I love my grandma and my mom and
dad I'm so excited there
because I don't get to see him all that
often but are you gonna do the handstand
is good they can track it okay I think
they haven't seen you - no you do did a
handstand last night I need a dream
excel in camera Oh fine you do a handset
don't break any of grandmas awesome
stuff okay Stan Oh careful
have a good night guys thanks so much
for watching talk to you later bye
