by my little daughter Alice my youngest
this is so much fun I can't wait to show
you guys how much fun we're having this
summer there's Bama over on the glider
with this party car wait Oh dad dad is
so jealous
dad is loving this vlogging stuff guys
and it's all because of you you guys
have given my parents so many
compliments but now my dad pretends my
legs
he's logging my name is ticket well just
walk when someone else is vlogging yeah
it's not that it oh I'm sorry guys
like he was gonna give his cousin a kiss
so cute you can kiss him drunk kiss them
oh thank you that was a good kiss hello
guys I don't even think I've said hi to
you guys yet and it's like four o'clock
but Bonnie came down hi Bonnie Bonnie
came down and filmed a video with me I
did the tag that Missy tagged me and the
daddy-daughter tag so we both did it
with my dad but Olivia wants me to build
a puzzle can we go over on that table
okay come over here we'll build a puzzle
Cody's already started look how old are
you are you three yep three and he's
already building that puzzle you know
Christmas is in like four months you
know so we got to start on puzzles soon
and Dad thank you you did that I'm so
proud of you
I just you whipped it together without
even using the board and Cody you're
almost done to to thinking Jackson what
you thinking are you having fun on
grandma's swing
I love lazy days like this that's why I
didn't pick you guys up till four
o'clock because we would seriously been
lazy all day but yes we good one now
we're swinging oh hey that's nice now
we're now you really got hold on tight
Jackson we're going high the wind is
gonna blow through your little hairs
through your hair singular more hair
than Boston I know he has a lot of hair
Jackson has more hair than his little
cousin he doesn't live in this looking
like getting excited does he look like a
little girl cuz my long hair hair is
next to him typical girl
okay can you look it lick it
yeah we're all married look oh oh now
we're not we were all at the same pace
Oh Olivia you're going too fast out but
we were all married did you guys are
play that game where you're married
we played sponge know what's wedge grab
a hold of them
uh-huh attack so one so I would be
holding that pole over there and Bonnie
would be holding that pole and then
you'd go in the middle and you'd let go
and attack each other
oh my you're crazy
I don't think we ever played which and
then you turn your chain around really
tight so you'd like twisters oh oh
that's funny
we used to play witch but we didn't grab
on poles we would just do talk each
other sorry Julie for pulling your hair
me and Bonnie would play which with our
other sister Ripper hair we're going on
five minutes and he won't stop smiling
does this mean you like it you like to
go Teeter totters are you can share with
our post-game how'd we get sure just a
little well at least he wasn't screaming
that was good did you get just a little
because sure dinner with our cutting off
just a little he's like I want my greedy
now you can only do this with cousins
you know that's it we're getting
Bonnie's windshield taken care of and
look at that beast ah she got a huge
rock chip in it that's so bad so we're
going to watch the technic lass replace
it this would be interesting to see how
they do it I don't think I've ever
really sat on a car and watched a hole
so they put a sealant on it I hope this
guy doesn't care that I'm totally
vlogging
that's so cool that's so cool
that's cool ha ha like how good at legs
whoo no not big anymore I go I think so
think we found Jackson's winter hat and
it guess what size it is a large yep
large does that look so nice and warm
and fuzzy and cozy you look so cute in
it I think we need to buy on that hat as
large you've enlarged head dude mom's
asleep she fell asleep cooking huh did
you sleep
why not we did instead of going instead
of going into town and going shopping
for the kids what we're supposed to do
and you can get a rock chip repair boo
find Jackson DUI huh
you found us you found us gotta go to
bed bug go get your jammies on hmm who
does have skid marks oh good job
something that I have been craving is
actually Pringles because I never buy
Pringles and my mom the kids are in bed
that's the one good thing about getting
together with the family that we all
have kids is what we have the same oh
well I was thinking this earlier today
really put our kids down for naps at the
same time and we put them down for bed
at the same time and it makes it so that
we enjoy a wrap
oh and what are they doing they've been
watching my vlog all day how could hate
did I do anyone notice it
nope you guys know you guys don't have
to watch yesterday's video for the
hidden easter egg yeah for the hidden
treat the one all the kids are in bed
and we have all the trees out and we've
got some pop going on and we're gonna do
mom's toes so I've got all my stuff here
I've got my heart yep I've got all my
glitter stuff so we are gonna do mom's
shellac toes and get y'all pre de Mama's
toes are done and they are pretty blue
isn't that Tiffany blue so pretty mom
but your toes just look 10 years younger
yeah yeah so anyway it was kind of fun
no are you gonna do your toes nice funny
oh no caves okay yeah I need to do my
toes okay you do my toes I'll rub your
feet oh we gotta do dad
but Dad don't look at dad those are
scary so this is the kind of treatment I
like Thank You Bonnie
you are flipping rubbing my feet and it
feels good well first she's like sawing
off all them crap and then she'll rub
them so look how cute my little sparkly
toes are those are so cute Thank You
Bonnie so much hey guys I am like so mad
I for a couple different reasons one I
totally forgot our red camera or other
vlogging camera in our camera bag and
Ellie has it so I have no way of
vlogging other than through my laptop
camera
number two Ellie and I just got done
facetiming for a long time and I
actually recorded a lot of it for the
vlog and it just deleted it just like
said due to an internal error the
recording stopped and blah blah blah I
hate your face and I won't record what
you wanted to and now I'm angry kind of
upset but that's okay you'll see plenty
of Ellie in the vlog I know because she
recorded all day and I'm actually
waiting for her to send me all of the
footage and I'm going to edit it and
well once I get it all in the meantime I
actually wanted to talk to you guys
about something that my friend is doing
I have a really really good friend her
name is Kristen she is actually a
phenomenal musician who is doing a kick
star
right now she is wanting to do a
full-length real awesome album and she
is raising money to do that I actually
wanted to play a little bit of her
Kickstarter video for you guys so I've
got her page here and I'll have a link
down below so you guys can check it out
but I'll just play some of the video now
I don't remember when I met music
officially I think we were friends
before birth
over the years singing has become my
favorite way of expressing myself
communicating with others
I take songwriting pretty seriously talk
is cheap but lyrics should be the result
of a lot of personal thought experience
and crafting I don't think that I'm very
different from people around me or that
my thoughts are especially unique I
write songs because I'm inspired by
existence hi my name is Kristen Nelson
I'm a singer-songwriter I play the
guitar
my music is acoustic it's racy you'd
love it I'm here to ask for your help I
have the opportunity to do a Kickstarter
and raise money to produce my own full
length album I think it'd be an
incredible experience and I really want
you to be a part of it as a performer I
know I'm only as good as my audience I
want you to feel like you're
contributing and that you're getting
something out of it with this album I
don't want to settle for nothing but the
best oh my gosh it's double negative I'm
really excited about this project at you
should be too
for where
so as you can see Kristen is a
phenomenal musician and did you guys see
a little someone in there I may have
made a cameo and there once or twice if
you guys watch the whole video you'll be
able to see that um I really want to
help Kristen out and I figured this is a
wonderful way to do that she's really
close to her goal and I figured this
would be a really good push to help her
out
if you guys want to check it out I'll
have a link down below I know it would
mean a lot to Kristen and I know she's
got some really really cool packages set
up for people who do donate on different
tiers and everything like she's actually
even gonna fly out and come do a live
concert for some of the people like
that's pretty legit she's she's really
cool so check it out again I'll have a
link down below
help her out let's make this happen
because she's a phenomenal phenomenal
musician and I want to see this happen
so I'm not sure as of right now this
very second Ellie's probably ended the
vlog but I'll do my own little ending I
hope you guys have a wonderful night
thank you so much for watching these
videos we love doing it won't I did the
video chat on Google+ last night like we
had so much fun it was so much fun
hanging out with everyone I think Ellie
and I are gonna do it a lot more in the
future too but thank you guys for
watching have a wonderful night and I
will see you guys next video bye bye hey
everybody it's time to end the vlog hmm
she's ready with the handstand and we
are here to say good night to you all
yes we are
I miss Jared so much and I'm sorry Joel
I hope I got enough footage today I
don't know but anyway I'm gonna see
Jared tomorrow so you guys will see
Jared and tomorrow's vlog cuz he's
coming home after work I'm so excited so
see you guys tomorrow
member
