morning guys I am at Grandma and
Grandpa's house
and it's just me grandpa Jackson and
Jared and then getting ready oh don't
cry so far I know I'm getting ready to
say goodbye to Jared and honestly I
don't want too many days to pass and for
me to not see him because I hate more
than anything to sleep by myself but I
may not see you until Saturday at the
earliest yeah
you
if I get really sad I'll take the train
thought conference but anyway yes I'm
saying goodbye to Jared he's off to work
he has to drive an hour and have to go
to work because he came down to see us
last night and I'm just gonna finish
hanging out with everyone today I just
hope that you are able to send me
footage will I will I will
I'm gonna do drop box and send yeah
let's help drops box works okay well I
love you I love you too I've got to do
my hair what do you think is my hair
like stupid it's crazy and he it's not
he hasn't grown his beard out really on
purpose but he literally has not had
time to shave I know it's been really
rolling like today today shave all this
okay so at least I'll have that just so
I can see what it looks like okay I love
you love you too bye have a good date
work Thanks because I know Jackson's
hair is not gonna stay fixed the whole
day I've got to show you his hair now
how Q of his dad are you look I ain't
gonna be having to give him his first
haircut soon not the sides of his head
but the talk when I fix six I like to
fix Jackson's hair it is just way too
long like I need to take like quite a
bit off the top of your head Jackson
it's so long but I just think he looks
so cute sitting there with his hair done
and we're gonna go hang out today with
grandma's gonna come back soon Jared's
mom they're gonna come back they're at a
meeting right now and then when they
come back I'm actually gonna go to my
mom's house for a couple days because
I've got some videos that I'm gonna film
over there and then Jared's dad and
sister coming so then I'm going to come
back over here for a couple days so I'm
just kind of like going everywhere in
Jackson you got we go wipe your nose I
think YouTube's not there I'm going to
show
Jackson grandma and grandpa did the ALS
ice bucket challenge and I'm going to
see what Jackson thinks of it
we're chatting Avril Griffiths we've
accepted the choco I'm gonna have Jared
play the video so that you guys can see
it's like over a minute long but I think
you guys don't really like it cuz you
guys know my dad you guys see my mom and
dad so can you guys all like it that
funny pickup what I splashed on them
okay I'm going to go ahead and have
Jared post that video right now so you
can see my parents doing the ALS
challenge it's really funny it's really
cute and I think Jared and my dad did a
really good job kind of planning it made
it fun we're chatting gaffer Griffis
we've accepted the challenge from Kent
Wimmer to do the ALS ice bucket
challenge and when we're done we're
issuing the challenge to Dan Jolin
Emerson and Steve Benson as well so good
luck and have fun doing
oh yeah bleep
whoa
I'm getting ready to say goodbye to
mommy come to go with my momma and I'm
really sad because I really I told mama
I wanted her to come to lunch with us
but sometimes it just doesn't work out
when you have other things that you have
to do and Grandma really needs you right
now so we are really sad but we're going
to get together again before we all
leave and I want my parents and Jared's
parents I want us to all go get Chinese
together or maybe we can do a takeout
and just all come here that sounds
something and Jackson is that chance
grandma look how cute
grandma is matching with the baby in
green yes come here that make it how
cute is that let's take this out uh-huh
and give you kisses and we'll see you
soon can you say bye give a kiss goodbye
my ear oh yeah you're gonna rip that
right out of her ear no grandma's gonna
have two or three piercing cue your
cutie I'm gonna miss you
good job grandma we've got a 20-pounder
here and I can't carry him all by myself
throughout Walmart we're at the back of
Walmart we have to go get a cart and you
are just too heavy Jackson Roo I've
never eaten an ice cream cone at Walmart
but it was mom's idea and I would never
say no to an ice cream cone and mom
feels really guilty that she didn't get
Jackson one I know it's what makes me
sad to think he's there watching us eat
an ice cream home he doesn't seem too
upset but mom said one of these days
he's gonna look up at me and scream and
be like no like I can't eat and not give
him one so maybe in a couple more months
he can have an ice-cream cone one more
step
boy yeah one you get movin come here
yeah now you're happy he's mad that I
put him in a car seat all day we went to
lunch and then went to Walmart and he
just wants to be free yeah yay yay he's
grandpa tastes good Oh his grandpa gave
good
is that tasty he's kissing me
you're giving loves well I think we can
see all the burgers up grandpa's nose
because you're pulling it Oh Oh Ali he
wants us to add a salt diet oh he's just
laughing yeah Jackson
how does older skin taste wrinkled skin
is his leather boy there we do he loves
it
he's so goofy he takes after me because
I apparently look everything everything
I see I look good boy yeah papi that's
what that's why that's why I like
everything you guys don't know all the
stuff about my past pick the flower say
I love you I love you not is that the
thing when you pick flowers take
I love you she loves me that's it she
loves me she loves me not
are you picking up she loves me she
loves me not
okay guys if you were seeing this this
means I was actually able to import the
footage and use Dropbox and send it to
Jared so thumbs up if you guys see it
because obviously I did something right
to get Jared the footage but I think I'm
going to go ahead and end the vlog I
already am missing Jared like crazy and
I'm going to try to end the vlog Jared
style you know when you like says hi to
you guys so thank you so much for
watching I'm just doing it thank you
guys so much for watching I hope you
have a good day
