did you do that on purpose no I did not
give - no did your to fall out or did
you push on purpose
where are my wrists answer the question
oh it just felt haha my wrist hurts real
bad that's even better
good afternoon guys I'm saying afternoon
because well it's time for lunch now
what is better for lunch then leftovers
this is my leftover from Olive Garden
and it kind of looks gross because I
have like the shrimp and like tomatoes
like all mingle look um but the lasagna
part is really good I'm gonna heat that
up and eat it but a couple days ago you
guys knew or at least on Twitter and
stuff Jackson has been teething
holy moly he takes his naps great like
right now he's going on a two-hour nap
right now he's exhausted but at
nighttime with his fever it always gets
up to like a hundred 102 and he just he
just cannot not be away from me or Jared
like last night he slept again with me
and if I was not touching him he would
wake up like he just knows that like he
just wanted to be held so I pretty much
like cuddled him all night long and
right now he's taking a nap I just feel
bad because he's teething and he just
doesn't feel very well and when I lay
him down he doesn't play he just lays
there so he's taking a good nap I'm
getting my lunch ready and the vlogs for
the next like week are going to kind of
be weird because I am packing for our
New York trip and I think tonight is
probably the last night I'm going to be
at our place
so for the next week I'm going to be at
Jared's grandma's and Ogden for a couple
nights I'm going to go see them and in
the meantime Jer is just going to work
and stay here or he'll come into Ogden
and then I'm going to go be at my mom's
house for a couple days so pretty much
I'm just gonna live out of a suitcase
for the next couple weeks but I mean
Jared's family's in town so I might as
well go hang out and have them see
Jackson and then when Jared's not at
work and he'll come down so yeah the
next week is going to be kind of a
little crazy
xiexie like you're so so sad today are
you so so sad yeah just a little huh
just a little because what hey I talking
to you
guess what you are wearing 12-month
pants grandma bought Jackson some
12-month pants and I was like oh those
aren't gonna fit yet because it's for
like winter but today I just put them on
many wakes I just washed everything and
they like fit in like look how cute he
is and um they're like a little long but
I just rolled them up at the bottom but
like his little tush I don't want to
roll him over because I don't want to
start crying but like it fits his little
tush so this is what you're wearing
today cute and Jackson's just so so sad
because he's teething and so he just
wants to be held and cuddled so I think
we're just going to cut all and I'll
just have to pack when you take your
next nap okay hmm I love you and I hope
you get better
a three and a half hour nap definitely
did this kid well he is a much happier
baby he's in there playing with his
little giraffe raise your head peekaboo
there you are so he found his way in his
tunnel and he is a happy happy baby I
kept coming in to check on him and I was
like three and a half hours but he
needed it and he feels much better and
he doesn't feel as warm and I got him
some medicine before he went to bed so
now we're happy campers
the daddy just gets home and like just a
few hours he has slept like all day so
and I didn't get anything done I didn't
get much done I still have like laundry
all over my floor and I'm trying to get
stuff packed for the weekend and for our
trip and Jared just texted me he doesn't
have he actually doesn't have a day off
between now and um a week from now for
when we go so I'm gonna be down seeing
family a lot so I really don't know how
much Jared will be in the vlog this
coming week or how we're gonna do it I
don't know maybe I'll decide just to
come home I don't know so this is can
give a kiss kisses kisses I'm putting
away Jackson's laundry and how Q is this
hoodie that grandma bought you grandma
bought him this hoodie that has
dinosaurs on it yeah you like dinosaurs
it is seriously so cute oh that's the
other side here we go how cute is that
your little ahead and your dinosaur so
it's like soft fleece on the inside it
seriously is so cute oh now I'm excited
for winter because he has lots of cute
winter clothes from Grandma hey which
means I need to get winter clothes
because I was pregnant with Jackson last
winter and I kind of stretched a lot of
my clothes out baby gets winter clothes
mama needs winter clothes so
one found my teething necklace or his
teething necklace in my bag he liked it
huh yeah I bought this teething necklace
when um I went to Seattle and it's like
this gummy thing that he can chew on and
I packed it and I came in here I was
only gone like a second changing the
laundry and he found it
you like it yeah good and glad I bought
it then DUI fans dad dad dad dad we need
to teach you to say ma ma ma ma ma not
dad dad dad dad uh si ma ma ma ma ma ma
ma
wow wow wow okay now I'm just mad say
mama mama mama mama mama mama mama MUC
say it
sing to me mama mama and mother ha ha
this is the first night in the past
couple days that Jackson has not gone to
bed with a fever and he's feeling much
better and I think that this is the
night that you'll see good that he is
gonna sleep in his crib all by himself
because the past couple of nights he's
just slept with me because he's had such
a bad fever but he's ready for bed say
good night to Daddy good daddy a kiss
give him a kiss look over here good
daddy a kiss good night say wha one more
ah whew that was a kiss oh you fogged up
that was a kiss okay
good night dad I'll see you Jared just a
little bit so a lot of you guys were
are asking us today what the heck is
with all of these pictures in the vlog
what is this some sort of subliminal
message what's going on Jared what are
you doing what's going on I don't get it
it's dreaming right well if you follow
me on Twitter you would know last night
it was really really late and I had a
really long editing session and I was
like you know it'd be funny if I like
tweeted out send me a funny picture and
I might put it in the vlog so I had a
bunch of people send me funny pictures
and I put it in the vlog real quick just
to see if people would catch on and see
it and everything like that so if you're
not following me on Twitter do it right
now cuz I'm gonna be doing some more of
these funny things every once in a while
okay guys it's gonna be quite - did
Katie said that one to you Cullen sent
that one to me so I have no idea if
Katie knows like if it's there or not
Katie if that was like unintentional or
an accident or Cullen just like did it
I'm sorry I had nothing to do with it
hilarious I paused it and died it was
funny it's a hilarious picture she's
doing that wait
that's the thumbnail for tonight I'm
sorry but it's hilarious yeah but I'm
sorry hashtag sorry not sorry but kind
of sorry a little bit at the same time
that's the hashtag for today today I I
am so exhausted and I've been growing
out my facial hair what do you think I'm
like I just haven't done any shaving or
anything like that
and I'm like itchy like crazy and
someone said oh just put some
conditioner in there I only know I guess
that's true but I'm like super itchy and
I just I don't know should I keep it or
should I not wish I did grass because
like look it's like a bald patch right
here I am really patch bald right here
but I think it's just fun and we're
going on vacation and you look like a
little rat right here it's a little wrap
anyway I don't know I think it'd be
funny but I worked like all day today I
got up at 7 this morning and went to
work and I've been gone the entire day
and I just got home what time is at 9
o'clock
I work from 7:00 to 9:00 I only work two
hours today that's not bad jokes I work
from 7:00 a.m. to 9:00 p.m.
oh my gosh I'm exhausted then my dogs
are barking my feets are hurting
hi little feet hey thanks for being so
nice on my video on my Channel today
tell them about I posted it the Q&A
answering questions talking about like
birth control I typed questions in a
question and answers about birth control
they said are you on birth control
people asked if we're moving into a
house people asked when we're gonna have
another baby and people asked how you
what's a unicorn potato bread together
you wanted all that answer I will link
that down below
ghostly signing - Ellie's channel right
now I'm not gonna lie I haven't really
looked at the numbers that much and
today I was like 14,000 holy schnikeys
oh thank you um jared is going to close
with a handstand today everyone full
charms haha
jinx what you - Oh full drives bow your
head we're gonna say a handstand Burgh
that's sacrilegious is it I don't know
it might be here we go thanks for
watching guys have a wonderful day we'll
see you tomorrow guys oh that's fancy
ooh it propelled me my fart propels me
she didn't up a mountain like a Martin
on purpose but I didn't fall for you
pushed imparted on purpose I did read it
did you do that on purpose no I did not
get to them did your to fall out or did
you push on purpose I hurt my wrist
answer the question we just saw haha
my wrist hurts real bad that's even
better
thanks for watching cam right
member
