good morning guys how are you guys doing
today how are you grandma
that's fine thank you doing pretty well
you look good today I do a lot there and
I did yesterday grandma made a amazing
breakfast this morning it was so good it
was so delicious so thank you for making
us breakfast oh you're welcome you're my
sweetheart oh that's so nice I love my
grandma guys grandpa how are you feeling
you feeling pretty good good I think I
just woke him up from a nap I'm sorry
about that so Elliot and I and my mom
were talking about how we were as kids
because Jackson is just like he is a
good baby he was up all night with a
fever and he just was still so good he
didn't cry he just kind of whimpered a
little bit and we were like where where
does Jackson get it from where did he
get his personality his attitude his
Drive his his just he's just so good and
so I was talking to mom and and mom
remind me what did the doctor say when I
was born he said this is the most
perfect baby I have ever seen what do
you think about that Ellie I bet that
it's true don't you forget it
don'tyou don't let it get I was the most
my perfect baby though that doctor has
ever seen haha I'm not that big-headed
but I'm pretty big heavy that's I've got
a big head that's why Jackson has a big
head he's a trooper honestly guys he is
so good he did so good today is my day
off from work off this camera lense is
driving me crazy today is my day off of
work and we are gonna go have some fun
we're gonna go run some errands and I
think we're going to go out to lunch to
that place that Ellie was talking about
in yesterday's vlog but the first stop
that we're going to make is we're going
to go to Best Buy we are just going to
window shop for some new cameras because
this one is driving me crazy camera
you're driving great you know have we
ever told you guys that you guys are the
best
you guys really are Jared and I are
watching Bryan and Missy's live chat
right now with baby League and Jarek
commented and was like I was just like
hey guys hey guys and everyone in the
comments is like oh my gosh sorry
Elliott you're a teacher hey guys hey
and like we just were saying hi and then
everyone I don't know I made us feel
good but we're having fun watching Bryan
and Missy's baby League live chat their
duel not to give away so I want to win
something I had no idea they were doing
their sister Lori Missy Missy Instagram
to stroll I want to win that haut-brion
on the horse quick little story for you
guys this Jamba Juice's
right behind us is the very very very
very first time that Ellie and I ever
hung out what six years ago we sat at
those chairs and we went on a date me
Ellie Landon and Julie and it was fun
and we only made out a little bit
it was our first time he me and then
right after I had to hurry to far as I
scream because I'm I
there might you had to go to work well
flavored you get big star
I got strawberries dreaming probably the
best one on the menu girl you're crazy
it tastes like the pink starburst
mine's way better probably the best stop
that will ever make today a Best Buy
Best Buy
it's like my favorite store mom but I
kind of feel bad because Best Buy is
like the place that you window shop and
then Amazon is where you actually end up
getting it because you know why I feel
kind of bad but I really like looking at
Best Buy because there's lots of really
cool things and I'm I'm kind of a nerd
and a keep and it comes to that kind of
stuff whoa look at this TV look you can
see the hair oh my gosh it's curved this
is a curved TV Ellie it looks cool we
need to get it right now just kidding
you need to buy it for your moment
that's what we need to do this would
look really good on your on your oh
that's cute my it you could buy it we
could get it it's only $2,700 that's it
let's get three of them ally Jackson
what do you think should we buy it
should we get that curve display TV yeah
if Jackson wants it well get out it's
like curved TV display day there's
another one right here it must be and
then there's another one right here oh
my goodness is that something new that I
just didn't even know about curved it's
just weird you know about every
electronic yeah it's coming out into
every little part of the world I do
you're exactly right and this is a new
feature it's a really really high
quality but you just can't see because
your eyes can't because the pixels are
so intense that it's like you just can't
even so good it's so good it looks bad
that's what is it
that's my name don't wear it out he's
like what the heck are you doing
yeah that's right that's right son I am
your dad Dada Dada da Dada Dada Dada
Dada you think that that that that yeah
okay mom so yesterday I gave Ellie's dad
the camera to vlog so I think it's only
fair that I give the camera to you and
have you start vlogging okay go for it
uh-huh but hey Romano seatbelt all right
let me see yep see you were wearing our
seatbelts and we're all safe
we are safe secure and literally rolled
out of the driveway too just so you know
we were being saved we are big
proponents on wearing your safety belts
here's a joke what did the mama ghost
say to the baby ghosts when they got in
the car put on your seat belt
mom there are 61 thousand people who
have subscribed to our Channel is there
anything that you want to say to them
you know I'm growing out my gray hair do
you think I should let it grow out and
be all gray or should I color it still
that is a big decision at my age what do
you do
what do you do I just don't know what to
do let us know I think it's beautiful
cuz I white and not gray and he's
beautiful
let us know in the comments down below
what mom should do with her hair okay I
don't know since I have the camera I
would like to tell you a bit about our
family because you see Ellie's family
all the time and we have a family too I
have two kids living in New York City a
son and a daughter-in-law and two
grandsons in Texas I have a son and a
daughter law and a cute little
granddaughter in Colorado and I have
Jared Nelly and Utah and then I have
another wonderful daughter and
son-in-law in Idaho and none of them
live by me well I think it's pretty
apparent which one you love the most
because who are you with right now
winner winner chicken dinner sorry
siblings
I'm the loved one well he is the only
one that the doctor said he was the most
perfect son and don't you forget it
don't you forget it siblings I'm looking
at you original four they're the only
ones who are gonna know what that means
are you guys even watching right now
that's what I want to know more probably
they're like we don't even watch since
we're doing so many throw backs today we
are at Olive Garden and this is where
Jared and I had what we shared a
spaghetti chicken scampi and it's what I
always make and I'm gonna make on my
channel and we did do picture here we
did the lady in the Tramp little
and that was glorious and we're gonna do
it again today to do it again
this is the Olive Garden where like it
all started this is where we fell in
love
yeah and then every day after that I
think it's safe to say our bellies are
full and we actually did not go to the
place that we were talking about we're
gonna do that another time but yeah I'm
talking up a storm today I am pretty
sure that I have the happiest most
social baby I've ever met he was smiling
at this couple and like he wouldn't stop
laughing and smiling at him he was
loving it our little man just got out of
the bathtub I just love when he's all
wrapped up and he loves me he's like so
happy when he's wrapped up like a little
cocoon we are gonna put him in some of
the new jammies that grandma got him and
we are so grateful but no they're not
just any Johnny they are giraffe jammies
look how many giraffes are on that
there's probably a million on them we
are so grateful to Grandma for buying
those jammies for us aren't we jack then
yeah yeah what do you think a little
bouncing the game the cutest Japanese
you ever did see yeah look he's one big
dragon hahaha thank you thank you
grandma that is so good so ah that was a
good verb good win okay grandma get your
cuddles in cuz we have to go soon oh
that's so sad I'm gonna go ahead and say
goodbye guys I see you too Maura and I
have to go to work so does that mean mom
are you gonna do the handstand
yeah Jackson Jackson's gonna do the
okay that's a wrap
let's get a smile out of Jackson real
quick give miss one smile oh hi oh hey
don't be camera shy you can't be camera
shy with what we do on YouTube Jackson
say good night Kevin good night Kevin
bye bye bye
