when I find myself in times of trouble
comes to me
kids yeah does cute
you
okay we're about to go run in and see my
mom and grandma grandpa and mom hasn't
seen Jackson since gosh what since he
got blessed since he got bless so like
five months ago
oh it's been a long time so we're gonna
go in and see let's go ahead and say
hello hello you haven't seen him and
money this is your little breather the
care sorry we had to film a second
because you hadn't seen him forever
your hair's cute Hey well grandpa how
you feeling feeling pretty good pretty
good
yeah well I feel free to good that you
feel pretty good to feel good well you
look good grandpa should we say hi to
Jackson let's see will hi grandpa great
bigger is bigger is what you like you
guys don't know it doesn't go warm up
okay that's a sweet thing you said
grandpa three is getting big hurry up
again yeah that's a cute little boy yes
you are anytime white boy it's too new
really
I'm gonna stick like glue hi I'd grab
wood boy yeah oh ho there it is you can
may turn a later there it is now you
feel so much better huh I think this is
the one thing that mom has been most
excited for us the rock little Jackson
just hold him until he falls asleep go
to sleep and good night
doo doo doo doo dee doo Derby finger
scare you nightmares
who is that baby oh oh yeah baby oh who
is that baby hey baby
hey Frank how are you oh I'm pretty good
I'm just hanging out here oh my god
beautiful
no I'm handsome I'm a boy I'm handsome
tell your friend
oh that's your friend Oh double baby
friends ah
Jackson what do you think it is grass
yeah I've been on grass for a while huh
well we've been holding you forever
forever and ever water it'll never let
you go Jackson I'll never let go they
just want a part I just wanna I just
wanna I just want a head but I just want
a head but in case head butt kiss fyedka
wind around the middle you want a
wrassle Sun here do you want a wrestle
son you gonna wrestle daddy how do you
want to show daddy huh oh so Grandma and
Grandpa have a waterfall and we want to
show Jackson the waterfall so mom's
turning it on here oh here comes here
comes Jackson are you first being a
grandma come on okay good all gone
little wonderful hmm baby ice bucket
challenge accepted robot saved you oh
growing in grandma saved you you for
grandma grandma gets 10 points okay 10
points to Grandma in the comments below
okay fine
you got coals between your toes I wonder
if you'd grab it take pizzelle fingers
in it oh you so cute - cause he's a
pretty forgiving boy though like he's
now happy you just want me to stare at
it try it again repeat that yes yeah try
to get one more time I guess he's he's
quick forgiving but he's also a quick
learner yeah we knew that that quarter's
cool that's so fun I mean do you guys
want to see something really really
gross there is a giant spider on
grandma's little lamppost right here you
can see it there it wasn't there
yesterday go oh it's gone it's gone
somewhere it's gone
where'd it go oh I think we found it it
just crawled back down behind the thing
a little bit more so how how are you
gonna get it out that's the thing how
are we gonna get it out punch it Oh mom
you're eating it Ogawa I wasn't using
the camera Jared good does he know
anything no
I found a little rat I want to see what
Jackson thinks about it what do you
think a little pain hey Matt Nene hello
Oh can't pet the puppy here can you let
me just grab your face Oh what do you
see yeah you don't want me oh it doesn't
taste very good nigger
should we get a dog Ellie I think I've
got to get oh yeah a great reader that's
where we gutters the puppy wants your
model Jackson oh he's doing it are you
trying to keep going get it that's part
of the game yeah he gonna throw you on
the ground of you don't get closest to
this Jackson is so entertained with
everything that's going around the
gardener has to face in the opposite way
he will not lay down and he has to sit
up and it is your wife yeah yeah dad
what's going on probably what you guys
talking about why'd you face me away
from the crowd well guys I think that's
a wrap that is our Sunday Funday with
our family we had a blast hanging out
with our family it was so much fun
having food together and just chatting
and getting to catch up with everyone
what you think Jackson gfm stay tuned
for tomorrow yeah taking me to a
restaurant a fun restaurant will you do
a backflip
member
