and so it begins he finds me he crawls
wherever I am because he knows that I
have food and he will not leave me alone
and I'm not going to complain Alex I
think is the cutest thing in the world
so I've got Jackson these little pets
that I like to to give him is a little
snack yeah it's gonna yummy now can I
enjoy my lunch and I sit and enjoy it or
are you gonna just pester me
whoo what a day
holy cow I got up so early today and I
am exhausted I went to work work really
really hard work my tail off look I
don't even have a tail anymore Shaco day
I don't have a tail anymore cuz I worked
it all off and then I got home now Ellie
and I are getting ready to go up to her
parents house and my grandparents house
cuz my mom's in town and I'm so excited
and what do you guys think about these
sunglasses I think I like them I think
I'm going to keep them I think they
definitely hide the you know the ugly
part of my face my eyeballs and I
sometimes I just don't even know what to
say so we're getting ready to go tell
them what your deepest desires are you
know I'm pretty good at this now because
I like do it all day yeah you do it all
day and I'm at work and I don't vlog all
day speaking of deepest desires what is
one superpower that you guys wish you
could have sweet Ellie tell me again I
I've always wanted to be able to swim
underwater and turns up who you can do
that like that you can swim underwater
help like breathe and go oh I've always
been fast you want to breathe underwater
cuz I I can swim underwater right like
not just scuba dive but oh my gosh it
shoot get on there
get on there buddy hey buddy I haven't
seen you all day my shoe I just think
Jackson is like the cutest little guy I
just woke him up he fell asleep on me in
the rock you just love that yes I love
my little family first of all look how
flippin cute this is gonna be look at
you
he is adorable that jacket is he looks
so great nice to do your hair oh that
was good don't you think yeah I wish I
looked as cool as Jackson did when I was
a little kid Oh real quick guys real
quick
I got to put my cool sunglasses on I
have to Saul is my purse
you're still yeah it's legal grab the
dice yeah oh speaking of my cool glasses
can you guys hear a little clicking
sound when we're vlogging when I edit I
can hear a little click click click
click every once in a while and it's
been driving me crazy
I think it's because we've dropped the
vlogging camera too much especially at
vlogger fair we dropped it so much so
it's like doing all these weird things
and I was thinking maybe I should get a
new one maybe we should get a new
vlogging camera we have the Canon ELPH
330 HS is there another vlogging camera
that people like to use that is better
quality I really really like the cool
depth of field I want I basically want a
DSLR that's this big so I can put it in
my pocket
what camera suggestions you guys have
obviously the 330 is like what everyone
uses nowadays but if you guys have a
camera that you like and no is better
than the Canon 330 HS leave a comment
down below because I'll be all up in
that I want to hear what you guys have
to say and that's all I guess I have to
say we're gonna get in the car we're
gonna go and see my grandma and grandpa
my mom and Ellie's parents were gonna
have a lot of fun I'm gonna dump a bunch
of water on that because I Miss Ellie I
forgot almost the most important part of
our trip dr. pepper the world man I am
so proud of Jared we heard the store and
he walked by and they finally had this
glass dr. pepper is he's wanted forever
and there was actually a whole bunch of
them and I saw him I saw you're thinking
what I know you cuz you know how you see
little boys and you know what they're
thinking uh-huh
well I saw Jared who's like and he
grabbed two and he stood there was
looking at him and I didn't care if he
wanted to get more but we've been trying
to not buy like cases of Pop anymore
just like when we go out or a road trip
by like up hop so we urge try not to
drink so much and I saw in your head you
were well in device so many more but you
just got the two I've never seen these
like in the store very often so I'm like
oh I
to get all of them but I only got two
because there's two of us to waste the
goulash yeah do whatever you want if you
want the goulash bring it if you don't
then you know we'll just make some other
stuff but I'm just do I'm excited for
I'm gonna drink all of this I'm gonna
drink way so go waste if I don't bring
it dr. pepper if you're watching right
now we should be efficient sponsor Dr
Pepper Dr Pepper should sponsor us yeah
yeah that's how it is our faces should
be on the bottle of dr. pepper we've got
some pretty good looking faces don't you
think oh let's just take it cuz then if
we don't use it then we can just bring
it back okay we'll bring it bring it and
let's hold off my Dr Pepper Oh grab your
dr. pepper Oh what just happened to
shook it be nice to our dr. pepper ran
the Longman automobile my baby beside me
at the wheel Reina daddy maybe they do
hey Ellie hey I'm here baby beside you
you're my baby beside me at the wheel
what's Jackson do you sleep early
well he didn't grab the cameras I assume
he's asleep I'm kind of having a hard
time for the Utah drivers right now
everyone who I'm like driving a tooth is
having a really hard time staying in
their lane I'm not sure and everyone is
drunk or it's just me I don't know it's
kind of driving me crazy
it's driving me crazy because we're
driving in a car and that's funny yeah
Jenna has a hard time with Utah drivers
I've always lived in Utah so I don't
really know the difference but and yeah
yeah don't like I felt so good driving
in Seattle because like people were
polite they weren't tailing you giving
you the right of the way they weren't
going 20 miles over the speed limit when
you don't know where you're going you
know I just feel good driving in Seattle
when I get back in Utah's like everyone
is rushing to get where they want to go
and they don't care who or what you're
doing you need to get out of their way
that's kind of the driving mentality I
feel that people have their new time it
drives me crazy the best burger in Utah
is in and out burger bar they were
featured on the Food Network if you guys
ever saw the episode and burger bar is
in my hometown guys we are passing it
right now burger bar burger bar burger
bar burger bar but have we ever been
there yes we went there once since we've
been married we're on our way what you
wonder all oh yeah growing up we didn't
go out to eat growing up we either my
mom and dad they would like order a
pizza once in a while or we would do a
Chinese place on there was a certain
place that we really loved or it was a
burger bar and like we didn't go out and
eat like we need fast food very much but
if it was like fast food it was like
that's what we would go get like a
Saturday we would do yard work and then
we would go get a burger so good it was
on the Food Network and I was
rather than that do you remember that
one time we were talking about burger
bar well I think we're actually gonna go
I think we're gonna have some I kid have
I ever been to burger bar I think I've
been like once but I honestly don't
remember will you vote for miracle done
sure we got it you got to talk to the
camera we gotta go to the burger
we're gonna go to burger bar and so
every time I Drive by these have some
sinus has like different like exotic
meats is that true did I have like some
weird stuff I've only tried the regular
hamburger salal but I think that's drier
I don't like it okay well I'll just get
regular here you're gone we're blocking
on the internet people are watching you
I'm not very conscious I stop it okay
yeah we're see we're not moving else
yeah and I were safe to go Kelly put
your sheep on mom but just oh my gosh
I'm putting in a park and I'm waiting
okay sorry our seatbelts are on the
Jacksons are on I'm grandma spike in
your hair appraisal eyes he's got a lot
of product in his hair that's kind of oh
it is why we need to get in the haircut
soon this is what we used to do with the
little girls we put a little curl right
there right well you know they do
despite get high Mohawks so I guess they
do have exotic meats
they have lamb is the exotic meat of the
month I think that's pretty cool a
little different place to have different
types of meat that are featured every
month but I wanted to show you this they
have their sign that is plastered up on
the front where they were featured on
the Food Network diners drive-ins and
with Guy Fieri oh he what's the guy's
name that doesn't I can't remember he's
got the crazy hair though but Ellie and
mom are ordering us some food
I hope they order something good mom was
saying something about mushrooms and I
hate mushrooms so hopefully Diane came
you're not getting any mushrooms are you
mom
oh she's tired god I think we got a mint
Oreo not a big banks with her shirts
they're really big what comes on the Big
Bend does deliciousness come on the big
I think Mayo getcha tomatoes pickles you
had to like it it's only go on that word
and had me going there for a little bit
until you said like pickles and tomatoes
and gross things like you're gonna like
it
I'm kind of picky he's gonna like it
I'll like this it's grandpa making you
smile what is that what is that
did you toy
he's like oh stop it grandpa oh stop 99
I think one of the times that Jackson
was laughing the hardest that he ever
did was when making him punch himself in
the face I think he liked that more than
he should
punching him so boy he likes to yeah
well smile what a stud
Oh
okay everyone we've got our food and I'm
not leaving the parking lot until
everyone has their seatbelts on the
internet is watching guys and I'm
filming right now so you gotta put your
seatbelt on you guys put your seatbelts
on right yes we always have
except when were in the car as we were
pulling in from our hamburger shop
I just thought mom your flowers are
crazy look how much they've bloom and
there's even a creeper in your window
haha you can't see his face
Bonnie planted them but yeah cute I just
thought that it was so pretty like my
mom's flowers have gone crazy there's
just so many of them it's pretty mom
good job on keeping them up your body
oh now mom's gonna have to wash windows
diapers diapers diapers I got to get
some diapers where do you find diapers
I've never been to this store before so
I found it okay here we go here we go
here we go Huggies size four
what
there's so many diapers you call these
diapers how do I know which one oh don't
worry I've got the diapers I have a
whole bunch in the closet Kelly why
don't you say so just in case you guys
wanted to watch some excellent media
I've got my VCR right here you watch
some great video cassettes if you don't
know about it watch like a movie I've
got my video cassette player right here
and you just put it inside there but
don't forget to rewind it when you're
done okay be kind rewind thanks for
watching today guys have a wonderful day
see you tomorrow are you guys excited to
see my mom tomorrow I am and you think
I'll fit yep good job that's gonna be
the longest handstand ever I'm not
cheating anything good bye
member
