want some crackers
you can get kisses give me kiss
no not them give me a kiss come I guess
one more did we get hmm
gonna kiss Jackson huh Jerri is kissing
me yeah I love it
good morning guys I am walking out to
this beautiful field
well not that beautiful walking out to
this field because we are getting set up
to do another ice bucket challenge I've
got my camera here all ready to go I'm
getting set up because we are going to
get Ellie soaking worked missy actually
challenged Ellie to do the ice bucket
challenge and so we are going to fulfill
that right now and so I'm excited I'm
going just to see how it's all going to
turn out we're gonna have a lot of fun I
was going to get freezing cold and
freezing wet and we're actually bringing
along Jackson here to spectate and to
see what he thinks about it we're gonna
try and get a little creative here yeah
you guys just have to go up baby
check out Ellie's YouTube channel I'll
have a link down below for the video it
should be up right now so this is my
setup that I have right here I have the
Canon t5i with the rode videomic on
there I like it it's been really really
good to me so far I'm still learning a
lot I really have no idea what I'm doing
so a lot of the times I'm just like up
Auto mode works just fine but I'm
learning a little bit more but if you
have any tips or tricks for like YouTube
tutorials as far as like DSLR video
recording let me know because I'd really
really like to learn so I can do more
cool stuff yeah I've got the GoPro right
here GoPro footage it's gonna be awesome
that is what I do know how to use mmm
oh it broke Elliot's waterproof I can do
that kind of stuff Oh says the person
that looks everything sorry we're a
looking family okay let's get going on
there you're looking family
oh well don't I feel like a horse's
patoot I just did the ice bucket
challenge with Ellie and you can see the
remains here I totally like miss the
first half of the bucket because I
overshot her she was just too short or
something like that but I got her good
with the the rest buys go check out the
video I'll have a link down below to
Ellie's Channel check it out and
honestly if you guys want to donate they
all have a link down below as well too
really good cause Lou Gehrig's disease
check it out you know get some more
information about it I'm always about
researching stuff before you do it so go
ahead and research it have a lot of fun
with it and you doesn't have to be ALS
you know just spreading awareness of all
these different things this ability that
we have to share these messages really
really cool we had so many people at
vloggerfair come up to us and talk to us
about causes and things that they have
and are working with and are just being
so awesome about one rig for example
that came to my mind that someone came
up to us at vloggerfair was for
children's arthritis I have no idea this
girl had come up to me and she's like
yeah I suffered with I suffer with
children's arthritis and I've been in
pain for like 18 years ever since I was
just a little girl so it's pretty crazy
but there's so many different things
that we need to be aware about but yeah
als I think this is a really cool thing
that we have going on I think it's just
about time that Jackson probably isn't
going to be using this bouncer as much
every time I put it in he pretty much
just like hangs there
I think he's got he's sick of just
sitting in there jumping I haven't put
him in it in a long time
oh there we go you're getting it maybe I
just needed to put him in again but you
guys are gonna have to watch my ice
challenge it didn't go quite as expected
um Jared kind of missed half the water
so I didn't get it as bad as most people
but
anyway we're having another lazy day
it's okay right top like a lazy week why
do you take India why do you look enough
but Jarrod's at work and we're actually
gonna have a pretty big weekend we're
gonna go down and see family and cuz
Jared's mom is in town to go visit
grandpa you guys know that Jarrod's
grandpa hasn't been doing that well and
they finally took him home so he's not
in the care center any home I can't Doug
today they finally took him home so he's
not in the care center anymore and so
Jared's mom came down to visit him and
so we're going to go down this weekend
and see my parents and see his family
and we're really excited so pretty much
just another lazy day if I were a cow
she read this book for nap time if I
were a cow my ears would be silky if I
were a cow my coat would be spotty I
swear he knows that he's supposed to
touch the book because they're little
Phil's on the book if I were a cow my
tail would be hairy if I were a cow my
tongue would be fuzzy the end want to
touch his little nose good night
it is time for Jackson to go to bed and
a lot of you guys I'm sure would rather
see more of him I saw comment today
saying more Jackson so to say good night
come find your duck because your little
bounce crawl is so cute oh just kidding
little further hi son
good night to the world do you even know
that people like you do you even know
that people like watch you every day
like I think if that were me and I grew
up but I was like oh people watching me
every day I think it'd be pretty cool
so hopefully you like it it's kind of
scary world out there oh I caught it
my lucky mama yeah it's a scary world
out there so sometimes it's kind of
scary putting all the all found out
there but I just I think it's a good
thing I think we're having fun now
you're just staring at it
Oh Ellie why did you show that it why
did you show that mmm sorry
sure it's not a cup that you can cut it
out
not scary it's Stormin like crazy and
I'm going to beg art my head hurts and
Jared should be home any minute but I
love the rain
I'm trying to catch the lightning it's
crazy out there it is so crazy
what a crazy thunderstorm I was driving
home from work and literally the entire
sky was lit up and like super bright
like for a split second you could see
across the whole valley it was crazy
and it's raining really hard one of my
favorite things is to fall asleep to
rain to the sound of rain and I love the
smell before and right after it rains
it's like my favorite thing and coming
from Washington it rained quite a bit
not as much as Seattle but but anyway I
guess that's the vlog for today hey guys
I just want to thank you for tuning in
and watching our lives we have so much
fun doing this and you are the reason
that we can keep doing this you guys are
the reason that we're having so much fun
so thank you I want to I want to tell
you guys that you mean so much to me I
know it's kind of cheesy but it's true
okay it's true I like you guys I like
you a lot
alright I'm gonna do a handstand and I'm
gonna do it on floor that's what she
said thanks for watching guys have a
good night
talk to you later oh go this way this
way this way this way
