Jackson hey say hello to everyone
ooh good morning guys um Jared and I
were just gonna do a one-take today and
he left to work he's like and I put the
camera right here and I was like I can't
I can't film today like I was so like
tired and still not feeling well holy
cow he just turned his head it was like
what are you doing he just went what are
you doing
and I told you I could not seriously
film today but then I woke up and now
it's like 3:30 and Jackson might have
been sleeping literally all day long and
I woke up and I was like okay like I
could say hi to you guys and that you
guys know what's going on
um and I'm wearing this big I'm wearing
Jared's big hoodie today if you did not
hear about it did you know that Utah had
such a huge storm and we got like six
inches of snow just kidding no we didn't
it's sunny outside it's not a stormy um
I just am freezing and I can't seem to
stay warm so I put on a huge hoodie but
Jackson and I are kind of cooped up in
his room
I actually am feeling well I actually
feel really good I feel just great I
just don't really sound very good the
only thing that's like up with me now is
I'm just exhausted I am so exhausted and
Jackson seems to be doing great his
little eyes are no longer pink and he
seems really happy
but he does seem a little bit like
slower like normally he would be all
over the room but if I lay him down like
he just lays there so I think he's still
tired and he's still getting better from
when he had his little pink eye but he's
on the mend and I'm feeling much better
but I do have a question I like have
just spent like a little bit of time on
the internet I was like googling how to
clean or sanitize your house when
someone has pinkeye especially kids
because I don't want him to get it again
or have all the germs around and like
he's been playing with all of his toys
like even some of his little cotton toy
is and a lot of people that I've read
online they're like just clean like
normal like it's fine like sanitizer
doorknobs and stuff like that but I'm
kind of like worried about like his toys
like if he is sucking on him and stuff
and I've washed them before and like
soap but then like water gets on the
inside and I guess it doesn't matter I
can wash it again if that's the case but
can I just use like alcohol and spray
his toys and alcohol and then wipe them
off and then let him sit to dry you know
or um I don't know I don't know if you
guys have any suggestions I would
greatly greatly appreciate it come here
come here
Gary love football boy bring your
football game here I want to show you
guys what he does with his football he
crawls and holds it c'mere anyway that's
all I've got
he crawls with his little football and I
think it's the cutest little thing and
now he wants his duck football the duck
oh and the iPhone chord right right
oh my head pon my hip my hip oh yeah hey
Evan Oh Brad Oh Rex hey I see some ice
speaking right huh you are so cute hello
everybody welcome back to what's in
Ellie's belly tonight what's for dinner
actually I have never done a what's in
Ellie's belly but I do think when I get
pregnant in the future or if I do decide
to start doing like lots of like cooking
episodes it would be fun to name it like
what's in Ellie's belly like how fun
would that be next time I get pregnant
anyway um what's in my belly tonight is
nothing because I am starving and so I'm
making dinner and it's really easy I
just got my I just got my ground beef
and my onions and my bell peppers
cooking and then I have my noodles
cooking up and then these are bottled
homemade tomatoes and I did that last
year with my parents and so I just I'm
going to take a fork and like mash all
up so there so that there's no chunks
and then I add everything together and
at least what we called it growing up
was called goulash um I think I've
explained it to some people and that's
not what everybody calls it but that's
what I always called it growing up so
it's really easy it's kind of like my
go-to especially when we're not filling
that well so I'm making goulash and then
I got some French bread to go with it
and then when Jared gets home I'm gonna
eat dinner twice because I usually eat
dinner and then Jared gets home and then
I eat dinner again
oh it's Jared and Jackson is been
sleeping like a champ he went to bed
today at 6:30 he always goes to bed at
7:00 and then he usually wakes up at
like 6:30 or 7:00 but the past couple
days since we've been home he
14 hours usually he sleeps anywhere from
like 10 to 12 hours but um holy crap he
likes left 14 hours last night Jared and
I both woke up were like go check on
Jackson so anyway he's down for bed I'm
kind of all by my lonesome cooking
dinner and then Jared should be home
soon hopefully and yeah that's it oh
that's not it
thank you guys I checked the youtubes
today and everybody was like
congratulations congratulations we are
now to 60,000 subscribers thank you
thank you thank you and a huge thank you
to Brian and Missy because we did hang
out with them a lot this weekend and
they were really good - like like shout
us out and include us in their vlogs and
they just were not only like our good
friends but they just like really
helpful this weekend as far as YouTube
goes Jared was asking Brian lots of
questions and I really appreciate their
friendship so thank you to everybody
that's new this isn't usually the
typical Oh what am I saying yes it is
this is the typical vlog I'm always at
my house I'm never wearing much makeup
and I'm in my jammies all day um just
kidding that's not always the case but
that's the case at least the past couple
days it's been so thank you guys so much
but I gotta get my goulash cooked up and
then I got a wait for Jared to get home
so that's my plan and voila there is
dinner doesn't that look good yeah I got
some cheese on there got some butter on
my rolls
mmm I can't wait to eat it I'm back I'm
back I'm back from work today and I am
here with my wife and we are going to
say I love you I love you I want to bite
your face ah I just got back from work
and I am so excited because it's
actually not that yeah I got something
some food stuck in my beard yeah like
not my beard but my scruff didn't you
see my tweet about it I tweeted about it
follow me on Twitter so you can get
those funny things where I get food
stuck in my beard for the first time
it's not even a beard it's just scruff
there's quite a bit when did you shave
laughs I don't even remember before
vlogger fair you shave while you're a
blogger fair I didn't shave a blogger
fair enough
what what wait wait
I know I don't grow hair there very much
 oh oh
all right roof and all right poof hmm so
um we I guess we're just gonna end the
vlog a lot of you guys have been asking
hey is the ALS video with the vlog for
the day hey where's the vlog for today
blabber driver that um we aren't 100%
full-time youtuber so sometimes it's the
all time youtuber we are but yeah we
post videos daily but this isn't the
only thing that we do I work like 50
hours a week at another job and then we
do YouTube in addition to that and Ellie
takes care of a baby in addition to that
so you know there's other things that we
do so sometimes very rarely will have
another video instead of like an actual
full-length vlog so I hope that's okay I
hope you guys understand guys are being
nice about it oh yes no one was like
where's the vlog Jared yeah I just
wanted to like let you guys know we just
got there's a lot of new guys any of you
we have 60,000 subscribers ah
should we do a dance let me do this
dance or you do a dance first I want to
try and moonwalk Oh Jerry good at
minimum no very good actually he'll
judge whoever moonwalk see hi you can
you can moonwalk you are probably like
one of the best dancers ever but I
always wanted to move on okay
cue music dun dun dun duh no because I'm
Billie Jean Oh
oh good job
Wow good job your turn
dance for sixty thousand subscribers do
the worm 1999 thun thun thun thun thun
thun thun thun thun thun thun thun thun
t not the caterpillar the worm le kinda
will call that the rowboat okay here we
fall down replay real quick oh guys
thank you so much there are so many new
viewers right now I cannot believe it we
have 60,000 of you awesome people
subscribe to our Channel that was a fun
face that you just did thank you guys so
much
we're gonna end the vlog with a
handstand if you guys don't know what
that is when we started the daily vlogs
I just thought sometimes it's kind of
boring when people are like hey see you
tomorrow I just thought it was kind of
fun and unique to do Ã©poca just tuck in
like a little bit tuck in your shirt so
you don't see your intimates oh you got
some nice uh action there Oh funny is
this Ellie you are so attractive right
now have you the thumbnails hey do you
do now do the words okay we'll see you
guys tomorrow bye that's a good
handstand Ellie you know what that
probably would have beaten : on vlogger
fair he's good he's good guys bye
