good morning guys I am actually on my
way to take Jackson to the doctor he is
not feeling very good he's got some goo
pees in his eyes he's got some stuffy
noses actually he only has one stuffy
nose but it's stuffy so let's take him
to the doctor see what's going on I
think he might have these early symptoms
of pink eye
good morning guys we are back from our
vacation we are back home and we are so
excited to just relax and today is a
perfect day to relax because it has been
raining all day long and Jared took
Jackson and you guys to the doctor's
this morning and Jared just left to work
and I looked at the camera and there's
no memory card in it so if Jared
recorded her if he thought he recorded
he really didn't get any footage so
Jared took Jackson to the doctor because
his eyes have just been really red and
kind of goober ewwww
and so the doctor said that he had like
contingent itis Khun Jan itis
conjunctivitis pinkeye
something like that where and he's just
really stuffed up and his eyes are
really red and he's got like a stuffy
nose something back there anyway so he
gave us some eye drops and some medicine
so he could get better and I'm working
on getting my voice back and honestly
today we're just going to relax we're
just going to hang out and Jackson
finally has space that he can crawl
around because of the hotel I didn't
really want him to like be crawling and
stuff so I didn't put him down on the
floor all that much so now we are home
we are clean and I'm just gonna let him
do pretty much whatever he wants and
he's kind of just staying in one spot
usually he's all over the place but I
think he is just tired and still maybe
not feeling well hey where are you going
where are you going yeah where are you
going he's been crawling everywhere
today and I just like where you going he
was in my bedroom a second ago now
you're over here yeah
Jaxson
Jackson he's on the other end you little
stink hey let me in Jackson checks in
hey don't you close the door on me yeah
don't close it okay I'm coming in
hey you Jackson Jackson you cannot eat
my boxes to unsee what's in them because
you were going through all these boxes I
figured I'd show Jackson what is in all
these boxes and look they are all the
letters that have gotten sent to us all
the letters and this is probably some
girls - guys I'm sure I've showed you
before but it even has Jackson's
pregnancy test that it was a positive I
took it like three days after the
fertility clinic called cuz Jared's like
Ellie just take a test and look it's
still positive and I'm gonna keep it
forever you see you just fit in your
mouth
Jackson sick oh good thing it has a cap
on it guys don't worry but that was kind
of gross and anyway yeah he was sitting
here playing with all these boxes and I
just thought it was really cute and
because we do these videos for us for
the future - for memories I just thought
it was really cute think I wanted to
show you all these letters that people
sent to you now I'm gonna put him away
and I don't want you to touch him
anymore I gotta put him on the very high
shelf if that it's gonna be the case
will you look at this guy's you just
look at her she does not look very good
she's not feeling very you look great
you know what I mean but you don't feel
very good do you have you talked about
it I just got home from work - I tell
you guys I had a hard time at work today
because I all I saw were tweets about
how amazing vloggerfair was and I just
miss it I miss seeing everyone I miss
having a good time I had a late night
where I work and I'd rather have a late
night at vloggerfair again it was just
so much fun Ellie it was a fun vacation
I just had so much fun and I want to do
it every single day I want to meet you
guys
I want
hanging out with you guys I want I
wanted now I wanted to do
we've been quoting a lot of Tralee in
the chocolate memory haven't we I had I
cleaned up of our stuff today and I
wanted to show Jared the stuff that you
guys had gotten us and I mean Jared
already saw because he was there a
blogger first me but I wanted to show
you guys look how cute this is somebody
made I think that's the cutest most
adorable thing I ever did say and Jenica
Jenna cos mom Sam and Jenica made this
book this children's book Jenna cos mom
is a children's author and she's like
signed it for us and she made it how
cute
and then we got another sweet of a book
we got like so many cute things and like
letters and stuff but then I got Jackson
out of the the ride the Ducks
and then we got a magnet because I want
to start collecting magnets especially
when we go places so right above :
climbing Katie's magnet and then I Costa
Rica and now our Seattle so yeah that's
this what suitcase Mike oh by the way
speaking of CK swag Colin and Katie just
introduced their dank his junk t-shirt
do you Jung I'm so excited to get that
just junk you guys need to check that
out because it's so awesome I'll have a
link below it's probably better than all
of our t-shirts honestly I love it
Collin showed me the design yesterday at
vloggerfair freaking sweet so me
well Collin likes me better no that's
not true he loves you and you know that
Katie when are we gonna have our day we
need to go do something about this this
is redonkulous anyway guys we're gonna
call it a night Ellie's not feeling very
well leave a comment down below saying
Ellie I hope you feel better I just
wanted to hug your little face because
you're so beautiful and everything I'm
telling them what to comment Ellie I
want to hug your face cuz you're so cute
and beautiful and I just want to make
you feel better all of the time comment
that down below okay hashtag you're
awesome I hope you feel better Ellie
truly from the bottom of my heart I hope
you feel better you know what though you
feel pretty good to me
okay let's end the vlog
thank you guys so much for watching
thank you to all the new subscribers
welcome
jinx yo Minnesota welcome to our vlogs
welcome to our life we're here to have
fun we love to live life welcome to our
adventure hold this for me
and burn my hand Oh what the heck Ellie
what were you doing when you burn your
hand I was making a stupid corndog that
tastes like crap you're touching my
bicep okay we'll see you later guys I
hope that you guys have a wonderful
night when my voice gets back up we're
gonna get back into the swing of things
now that we're home from our vacation
we'll see you later thanks for watching
member
