well goodbyes are never easy guys
we've had so much fun hanging out with
you buy it see you later
oh this isn't goodbye guys it's bad
always like crawling in your suitcase
like are you told thank you I'll just be
the carry-on say goodbye we got to say
goodbye to these awesome awesome people
yeah I don't know where it went to I
also lost my sunglasses so if you see
those please let me know bye guys send
them back to Brian if you took them
that's not nice
don't do that you guys are awesome thank
you so much for everything guys go check
daily bumps out you guys are probably
already watching him will hit one of my
kidding but if you haven't go check them
out because they're awesome and they're
our friends and they they means so much
to us Brian is like friends my bud for
real we like this it was at dinner time
and you're thinking this is literally
having a conversation with our final
word it was and we knew what we were
talking yeah it was the best and we're
on the same frequency as like the Guru
the tractor beam was going on the book
it's crazy
okay I love you guys we love you guys
bye see you later
Oh phew they're finally gone Ellie we
can be ourselves guys I'm gonna miss
them they were honestly like so much fun
they were so fun to hang out with such a
fun couple I know they're like my best
friends yeah
um Brian and Missy and Ollie are you
gonna miss Ollie Jackson yeah well we
should probably finish packing because
they're gonna kick outside of here in
like two minutes so we gotta go I think
we just found the ultimate win we are at
what gasworks Park and we found this
food truck and we're like yeah let's go
get some food and we're like how much do
we owe you guys we got like what eight
tacos total or something they're like oh
no it's free don't worry about it I can
do that that is something I can do this
is a beautiful landscape and free tacos
this is a dream come true
but one one incident happens this little
bird here Ellie had a big bowl of beans
and Jackson just threw it on the ground
I threw it on the ground man I'm an
adult
yeah I'm pretty mad yeah no more
suffering he's taken after me he doesn't
like beans and I don't like me it was
like shot I ever kind of annoying
I hate hearing it Sam you're not talking
I think it sounds
you having fun in Seattle should we move
here no I thought about it but this
one's to Utah we're coming down to the
waterfront should I push her in shape
push my belly into the water
boof
we should totally skip rocks let's find
some rocks and we'll skip oh okay do it
yeah do you know how to skip rough
sailing that was the the opposite of
skipping that was a sinking rocks try
again let me show you how it's really
done
find your rock I thought it would have
been really fun to take like a ferry but
we just have too many things we want to
do and not enough time I just think it
looks very pretty today
found it that's about as flat as I can
find in this biggest I could find - oh
no wait I wasn't watching because he put
his hands on the spiny bulky don't pull
the berry bogie next No
I had like 30,000 skips on that oh you
see okay grab another one - I think it'd
be really cool to just go to all the
iconic parts of different cities and
just see everything and just experience
a like I think this is so gorgeous right
here seeing the cityscape from a
Space Needle I'm going to go home and
watch Sleepless in Seattle because they
didn't watch it here all of this blue
and green really makes me miss home I've
got to go to work tomorrow my house
you've got to check this out these guys
are phenomenal at frizz beings
somebody is trying to - typing or number
two Jackson is trying to poop and he
legitimately is playing for funniest
faces I've ever seen well we're about to
fulfill a childhood dream of mine I have
never seen the Mariners play and the
Mariners like I said they were my team
can griffey jr. Joey Cora Edgar Martinez
Randy Johnson oh man those Mariners were
so good and we are just about to pull up
to Safeco Field which is right over here
okay I'm super excited thanks for doing
this fam thanks for thanks for
suggesting it yeah it's cool even if we
can't go inside it's at least cool to
like get a feel of where they play yeah
I can like I can feel ken griffey Jr's
energy right now I feel it they would
his his swing was so good oh man I'm
chewing the entire Cincinnati red Seaver
represent there he is a found in my
homeboy ken griffey jr. number 24
there he is right there right next to
Edgar Martinez Street I don't think you
guys can name a better designated hitter
than Edgar Martinez Kenya dude yeah
Safeco Field right here there he is
right there the kid my oh my
goodbye baseball I feel at home is the
thing that sucks is like the Mariners
just haven't been very good and that's
that's what's hard is like when I really
really like them and I know I don't want
to be one of those fans like oh yeah I
like the mirrors when they're good you
know I only like the Mariners when
they're good yeah but that was like what
15 years ago that boat puts our Seattle
trip in the books we are just about done
got to run to the airport go through
security and then fly away home oh
you're crying Sam it's all right Liz
it's all right who's chopping these
onions up in here time out one more
quick stop we're at the Jones Soda
headquarters this is where it is we're
right in Seattle right across from the
stadium
jokes on headphones they've got all
kinds of different bottles got some cans
got people back there you know putting
up pictures on the bottles packing them
up this is crazy I have no idea this was
right here what flavors are you gonna
get who knew that John thought I was
right here that's so cool
so the chilavert hopper Cincinnati we're
from Utah that's so cool they gave us
some cool little buttons to take with us
but Joan photo right there right across
the street from CenturyLink stadium not
sweet there we go there it is there it
is that's it that's it my friend sitting
behind it I'm like wow
so Sam and I were in the security line
together I had to get pulled aside and I
went through the 3d scanner and now I
have no idea where anyone else is so I'm
gonna run to the gate and see if I could
find everyone where is seeding don't
worry guys I'm here I made it I just
stepped on your toe it's alright I'm
sorry oh yeah oh my goodness we made it
really
hi how are you what's your name Alicia
hi Lisa well I'm glad you did that's so
fun tokima Walker Farrell just see you
just see us at the airport that's way
easier I think this is it I think this
is goodbye it's been real
yeah it's been real I hate goodbyes
it was so nice meeting you know Tyler it
was so good to meet you too man and you
hanging out you know everyone's like
what are these people doing with these
cameras over there tell everyone who
watches our channel to subscribe to you
subscribe to tribe Tyler all right yeah
that's the bird we're taking right there
that's our one-way ticket home it's good
luck oh great
we've got these guys sitting next to us
this is gonna be a fun fun I bet their
baby's gonna scream the whole flight who
brings babies onto a branch I don't know
well we made it all in the same day that
little puddle jumper got us here pretty
quick one thing I will say is that our
kids did freaking awesome on that flight
I don't think I heard a peep out of
either one of them they just did killers
disruption yeah especially that flight
attendant oh yeah she was kinda sighs he
was kind of funny she got mad at Ellie
for changing a diaper yeah she was yeah
she was like two feet away she's like um
what do you need help with now that I'm
here what do you want
oh I'm his phone and she was like are
you on the Wi-Fi wait a second
didn't we just leave her yeah yeah just
kidding we're back we are gonna call it
a night
nope we've been traveling it hasn't been
too long but it feels like forever
yeah obviously we're on the bus we can't
do a Hansen right now unless Sam
I'm kidding there you go thanks Jen
thanks for watching guys hey be sure to
check out Sam and Jenica my huh I'll
have their blog list up below go
subscribe to them because they are an
awesome couple
they've got a cute baby and they're
they're cooler than us so you should
really watching up I'm Colin as it is
okay I'm calling it as it is thanks guys
have a wonderful night and we'll see you
tomorrow
