good morning guys today is a nice day to
wake up in Seattle and know that today
is just kind of a vacation day and we
can kind of take our time and do it we
want and I was just thinking I can see
Jarrod hahaha let it go let it go I
can't hold it back anymore I have some
really good like there's it's really
humid in here so my vocal cords are
really impression I don't do that I
can't see you ma'am ma'am anyway the
little boys have been playing Jackson
and all I have been really happy to see
each other always been playing in like
all my hair products the past couple
days and I think he really likes it he's
even been sharing with me to like he'll
grab him and bring one to me and then
Jackson has been a good little boy he's
been sleeping good he was so exhausted
last night I don't think he's ever been
used to so much noise in his life so
we're happy to have the boys happy and
restful today and we're gonna go play
we are here at the monorail we just got
our tickets and we I'm excited to do the
monorail been watching it go across town
all day so we're going to get on one of
these and we're going to be going to
Pike's push-up
I just bought the pond right if you're
taking a family picture and I was
vlogging right behind us but I just
ruined your family picture oh sorry
Jared is making a penny
oh you're you have to put the money in
it no I mean I've got a son left it's a
very important selection ready hey Willy
Wonka what's a willy wonka seen Jerry
Ozzie gone through times McDonald how do
you like it's like split oh it looks
still pretty good though a little penny
for you Jackson we go on the monorail
find a seat oh sorry right haha our
adventure is about thank you like I'm
gonna watch all these footage back and
I'm gonna like be annoyed with myself
with my laugh because I only everyone
loves your laugh your laugh is
contagious it's really loud especially
now that it's like recipe what is the
Charlie Chocolate Factory stuff
everything you spitting and everything
is moving good I don't know what I'm
doing it are look how few Jackson is
being with Bryan
are you having a good time
I'm loving holy because all he doesn't
cuddle all he's just like peace out I'm
out of here
yeah yeah I agree with that I agree with
that statement I am out of here
Jackson is still kind of in that stage
where he's like I'm just gonna stay here
I got the flu
today I am excited I got these salmon
hash mmm I'm excited to see if I like it
or not and if I don't like it all year
yeah I'm Plain Jane I got biscuits and
gravy this is me being very adventurous
I got these salmon hash and it has
chunks of salmon in it and it's actually
really good but Jared's does look really
good like I always take a bite you got
the biscuits and gravy no it's really
good
oh my gosh Ryan's always looks like
we've ended up you get it just
what dude I had my camera out well
before you did this guy is going crazy
with the guitar and the harmonica
apparently this is the line to get into
the very first Starbucks that ever
existed in the entire universe and it's
just this little guy right here this
little tiny building was the very first
Starbucks but there's a ton of people in
line
do they make it any different than any
other Starbucks not not probably not I
have no idea I don't this is something
that I think I could get used to what do
you think Jackson I just think that
Devore just what a beautiful view the
more I'm in Seattle the more I want to
move here but then again I'm from
Washington kind of similar like this
part of the area yeah it's beautiful
Bryan you sure make that view look
pretty no just
where he helps do you guys know how to
get to the aquarium if you were trying
to find out where the aquarium is I
can't I have no idea where the aquarium
is is it is it over there I might be up
there
I just don't know we're never gonna find
out never find the aquarium when are you
guys going to get married holy crap oh
yeah here's a common start now
guys they're just friends having a good
time in me and Missy are getting plays
having a good time friends having fun
right Brian right Brian yes Brian and I
are friends in the nighttime that's okay
army we're just friends geez we're just
trying to rile you guys up because we've
had a couple comments they were like
whoa le Brian said you were beautiful
well guess what I said this is beautiful
and I think that guy's beautiful I think
he is beautiful he's beautiful like
you're very handsome couple
beautiful you are very thank you
so it's true to see you tell everybody
that they're beautiful because
everybody's beautiful Scott and we are
all of you every time I see a bunch of
pigeons like this I always think of the
movie home alone with a scary pigeon
lady who turns out to be the friend at
the very end of the movie don't whenever
you see pigeons on the ground like that
don't you think of home alone the hard
with a scary bird lady we decided to
come to the aquarium and I think there's
a guy in here that is feeding the fish
somebody's doing James
but he's feeding the fish
he's got a bag right here and he's like
taking the little fishies out look oh my
gosh but I've been loving about this
aquarium is most places like a zoo or
something you go you just look at the
animals but here it's very educational
there are people everywhere that is
showing you guys what the animals are
bottom of those little feeds little
tubes on the bottom and it eats up all
of the dead decomposing decaying stuff
and kind of cleans up the bottom of the
ocean it's very squishy it is very first
fish is it good or false all these ones
actually are any more weird but very
educational
this one is Nikki don't dunk they grab
onto my finger and I'll pull away like
clings to it Jared's not really touching
all the stuff just because Jackson's
asleep and then we don't want our hands
to be dirty and stuff on them so I feel
like I kind of dream
it's okay I'm having fun watching you
either definitely I'll touch your mom to
drop occasion guys now I get a touch
some starfish there's lots of oh they're
softer than I thought they would be
is this what Finding Nemo was in was
Finding Nemo in this and like protected
him if it now when I let go they like
they stick to you
she had this fish at the end of that
stick crabs is mainly finding that when
I slip on right down here by this
anemone now watch come right out and
grab a stick
oh my god isn't that amazing
oh my god the crab just took the fish
and eat it in general as well Jackson is
a lo come fish he's wearing the same
colors that Nemo is and Nemo is a conf
it haha we've got two over in the same
color hollien is a clown Jackson right
here watching Little Nemo how cute is
that I love that
what's that ah I'm just saying
oh you got the fishing trips like nutria
hundred lips actually got fish Hydra
wish you had chocolate Wow whoa Jackson
he's coming at you don't eat the doggy
baby
always beautiful oh my gosh look at Indy
oh oh look at them oh my gosh that's
beautiful
well we found the seal excuse me really
fast
little sea otters like cleaning himself
as the cutest thing I've ever seen
he's like washing his head oh my nose
itches oh now my teeth adjust oh that's
a big deal oh there we go oh yeah that
feels so good
I just found out that 95 percent of the
ocean is is unexplored
so that means Aquaman may really exist
Burmese Burmese mermen man
bum-bum-bum-bum-bum boom are you guys
ready to go on this this is ginormous
holy round ball of fire
I can't wait to stand on line yeah
that's probably gonna be the best part
of the ride is standing in that
ginormous line but I'm excited I'm
excited to do it
I think you think like
maybe like four ten maybe twenty I would
say like twenty to twenty we could
probably fit 25 people in there if we
really if they let us we could probably
do it 25 30 people Brian just got this
hammer from someone they just gave it to
him and we want to give it to some I
want that little boy to enjoyed yeah
he's looking at it and I think he wants
it so I'm gonna go give it to him
ah
ah I held up my hand for $5.00 you just
gave me - dang get brownie points on you
that I think you like old man lookin at
me like that looking happy I think one
of the cool things about life is what do
they call it that's forward pay it
forward pay it forward be nice to
someone do a good turn daily do
something nice for something that was
awesome for someone to give it to us and
that's awesome to give it to someone we
paid it forward yeah yeah plus Jared was
getting really annoyed because I had
because she kept hitting me in the face
with that sorry this is what I've got to
use for our job you know is my favorite
right look how beautiful this is
it's not amazing oh my gosh it's
gorgeous and that's the whole Seattle
all Seattle there behind us
okay we gotta put you guys away so you
can make out we're gonna make a sure we
had a green bag ah
I want one family right there we just
got to lunch and this is the coolest
place they put your dinner on the table
it's live front so you eat a dinner on
the table rubs and one of my dinner
pieces is a lobster you guys want to see
okay Ellie
are you ready no ready now you're ready
it's hammer time I'm excited we got two
big buckets of crab and lots of see
stuff that we never eat so I hope I like
it we never even saw a lot of things
about to get dirty get ready it's about
to go down
oh man oh oh my god she's gonna go for
dip in the butter take it downtown
take it down take it down good yeah it's
not bad it's not bad it's good yeah
we're hammer and I don't know what I am
I have no idea what I'm doing honestly
guys I I feel much like a horrible
Washingtonian this is Jackson's very
first castle right and my bed they fall
asleep thank you so
we found this nice champion award
because we are Devo on carousel ride for
the very first time so far so good
hold on tight Jackson Jackson
you're probably wondering why I've
gathered you all here today it's a dad
joke I can say those Saturdays I think
we've reached full capacity everyone
secular but right now I want to hear at
7:00 we're all friends right we are now
we want to be you know there's there's
too many kids on today so we're on our
way to the famous gum wall oh we're
already here we made it the density of
the gum increases as you go down the
alley yeah okay Kelly I will give you $5
to take one off and start eating I tend
to look everything I see in people if
the comments have been like Ellie you
got to stop down gotta stop looking sick
it's so exciting
it's like literally just hanging from it
it's gum is out of this world Ellie pick
a good spot pick a good spot
make sure it's good
that goes okay there we go right next to
yours
forever
we're all here everyone we all got to
get our
Jared you've got it your handstand yes I
have hand sanitizer Badgers are you are
they gonna break their okay friends your
picture you got it homey really good
again oh wait perfect form okay
disclaimer Jared will scrub his hands so
don't worry before he puts his fingers
in Jackson's mouth oh wait don't because
that's a lot of flavor for Jackson I
want to know how they got all the gum
like up there like that is people on
well out of reach like you climb up
someone's shoulders like oh you people's
shoulders that's like way up there that
is so much gum how many pounds of gum do
you think are on the wall yeah it's like
piyo you notice that so that must this
is like inches high and there are bees
everywhere too
we have just arrived to the Fremont roll
look at that I am doing this sound about
it I never knew I had no idea that there
was one easy turn but go get him
look at that that's crazy it's got an
eyeball and everything oh it's eating a
car that's awesome Jerrod this is a
crazy big troll I feel like we've waited
forever to finally have this moment to
say we're going to the Space Needle it's
finally that time to go to the top
your camera looks in so much better
shape than mine I keep doing this at the
same die
yeah why not that looks awesome he's
holding both cameras right I've got both
cameras on me I've got both cameras on
Brian what you guys need to do is you
need to watch both of our vlogs at the
same time so you can see this cool
effect because it's going to be crazy
listen guys thanks so much for watching
the vlog today we've had a blast doing
all of the things that we did today we
did so many things can you guys count
all the things that we did today
let us know in the comments everything
we did Swami's are tired oh I've got a
blinking light on my battery okay listen
guys I want you to go down and I want
you to click the thumbs up button right
now because we had an awesome time and
make sure if you're on my camera here
make sure you go subscribe to daily
bumps because they are freaking awesome
and they've been so good to us and if
you're on my camera go subscribe to
Jared and Ellie because they're
good-looking they put out good box their
baby is cute well do it for the babies
do it for the babies guys all right so
I've gotta end the vlog so have a
wonderful day thanks for watching you're
awesome
kiss yourself in the face no cameras
kids so mmm
