all right pick it up there more stairs
more stairs
pick it up Jared and Izzy are getting by
prison
Brian I hopper back up to our hotel
rooms what are you writing
oh because because it's raining and we
got to get the kids appropriate clothes
hand out my thighs are burning
well I made the duck giant because I've
never seen a giant duck before have you
guys seen Billy Madison he painted the
duck blue because he's never seen a blue
duck before we are about to go on this
really cool land and water tour of
Seattle thanks to Brian hooking us up
with the awesome hook the Ducks ruin us
Ride the Ducks thanks to Ryan for being
our friend for inviting us so
magnificent pretty much planned our day
and thanks everyone this is awesome we
are gonna go on like this really awesome
tour yeah there's lots of ducks yeah
Madame director was so nice to give us
all these little duck calls and look at
Jackson's face that's not annoying at
all well I might as well make a fuss a
noise and play hard I'll tell you Warren
you and I are highly unlikely to see
each other again
Broad's where we're going we don't need
roads
what do you think about is the water the
trucks no need a chair you have design
fresh walk that just your info that is
made out of steel in that signal for to
school one of the major stops on that
thing
probably the nicest point of
the rim city water
oh my god
I can't believe that shot oh my goodness
it's Darth Vader and a strong trooper
wait that Darth Vader's not even real oh
it's not really Darth Vader he's not
even doing anything
oh he's just standing there like fool
laying like gosh but that started real
but that's a spacing right there suppose
you guys don't know that yeah mm man
that is not a waste going on around it
is a full-size replica of full-size
replica and yes no we're actually not in
Seattle but there's spider-man you think
you'll do any some cool tricks and this
giant thing of multiple colors of
Awesomeness is the EMP museum and they
have the Jimi Hendrix portion in there
right now and I'm super excited to see
that because I love guitar and Jimi
Hendrix is one of my favorite guitarists
so I'm super excited to see what they
have going on in there yah-ha-ha-ha-ha
party time
excellent Jackson has not pooped in like
three days guys three days and we smell
something really bad and I'm hoping but
I'm not it's kind of like one of these
mixed emotions things you're like yeah I
really hope this happens it's so bad oh
oh my gosh it's everywhere the colors
uh-oh
he probably feels so much better now do
you feel better now yeah you feel better
now it's like a volcano he erupted you
know ha like when you have like two face
and you don't put the cap on it uh-huh
and then you go to do it and so you have
to mix really hard that he's crawling
everywhere there's poo on the walls we
are actually headed over to Austin
Knowles meetup this is the first time
that we have ever met Austin : and Katie
are going to be there too and so we're
really excited if we there - yeah I've
never met these guys I feel like a lot I
feel like we've talked for so long and
this is the first time we'll actually
meet them this is like really cool I'm
really excited
well yeah oh I miss may the force be
with you wait wait a second
afford to be with you don't you isn't
that she don't Jedi save may the force
be with you
this is crazy Swedes came all the way
from East Africa to vloggerfair to meet
us can you believe that
thank you so much for traveling the
whole way isn't she so kind to do that
you're so nice that is so awesome
hey we misunderstood she's from East
Africa but she lives in Seattle
oh that's okay that's so cool you can
say that though right you are and you
did you smell good
you smell really good you look
absolutely adorable will you just look
at that ah how do you feel you guys ever
wondered what like in a giant I don't
look like just a giant bottle just a
giant if you guys seen enough
probably like a boulder brown one how is
one of a like giant pants
Allen oh I got offense Joe can you
announce it better so the mo we are just
chillin at Austin's meet up and it is
just so cool to see everyone hanging out
having a good time we've got tons of
people here if you guys see yourself
leave a comment down below because this
is just exciting isn't this exciting
news saying this is so exciting showdown
showdown
oh man is going down right now a
showdown hi guys we are you harder
showdown showdown right meow
here's that it goes oh it's going down
going down tomorrow hey whatever do you
want man holy cow you have to be ready
is it gonna be no nobody's gonna be huge
wait a second wait a second what's goin
on here oh we don't have stance oh this
is it the official
like yourself your baggage get it yeah
Oh
three children just got it
this really just happened is you just
pass me ollie and you're walking with my
wife now and I'm walking with your wife
Mira making a by get a mother
we just made our mind together so it's
serious Brian didn't you make a vine
with me last night
no that was just an Instagram video what
happened it's happy to be the background
of it haha come on Missy let's go have
some real fun yeah whatever
I love you
holy crazy day so far so Brian and I
have been trying to get food for dinner
we felt for Billy Wilder's like an hour
an hour now we were stuck in traffic for
an hour like three blocks away from
where we live and we're like screw this
we're parking the car and we're walking
yeah we're walking to where we're gonna
go we're gonna get some really nice food
so we're gonna get some really nice you
know just really fancy we're gonna go to
McDonald's yeah cuts left should we
cross the road good run here we go we're
crossing the road clogging and runnin
vlogging and runnin oh there it is found
it oh this is this has been one crazy
day Ellie let me just say right now I am
sorry please still love me we tried our
hardest okay we tried our hardest we are
getting ready to go to the VIP party but
you got to take some pics first gotta
take some pictures look at that skyline
right there we've got the Space Needle
we've got an awesome sunset we've got
beautiful women and we've got some
good-looking guys right here we're
getting ready to go to the VIP party and
we're gonna have a lot of fun I'm not
sure how much we're gonna vlog in there
because we're gonna be partying like
crazy I think one of the coolest things
about doing this is being able to see
the Space Needle yeah we're like under
it we're underneath the Space Needle
which are we eating wall underneath it
not I thought about that what if we're
in it and like something bad happens and
it tips over I just thought about not in
it and then we have to run away and it's
falling doesn't know if the Space Needle
Falls it you know vlog it doesn't make
it snow we finally made
and Jared and decided to get a drink and
out of all the wonderful drinks that you
can choose from Oh water like urine I
like your water it'll help me some h2o
best drink out there guys folks in water
get hydrated you're having so much fun
this pre-owned even if you can hear me
we have got so many people that we've
been talking to come live over there she
this is the one that gave us a bunch of
help getting into the place it was
really fun to meet her and then Jared
and colon or hanging out with shaycarl
we've been talking with him and then we
met up with Austin and meetup in kids
that we've been hanging out with him hi
Austin
so we've been having a really fun time
and we are judging the price garnet holy
cow its dad Perillo right here rockin
the spinny hat come in show time Austin
old are you have the killer time right
now yeah I'm so gone it's like that's
your water right that's your third water
I've been I've been drinking so much
water it's very important to guys want
to get real crazy photo ID ahsoka in for
new flavor just can I not have coconut
busy are you having a killer time yeah
yeah this is so awesome that I'm like so
this is crazy it is is so crazy I'll get
you everything you want
that's the thing that's the thing is
like everyone I walk by it's like oh
that's that's good in real life because
yeah you don't smoke you you don't have
that sense yeah definitely
Sam is over here just killing it with
that time probably
some people are smart and get a
babysitter now there's just not that's
like well I see it no we're like kicking
ourselves but we like it it's good and
bad you know I'm gonna want us to
believe us right now this is so much fun
Chris Parrillo Chris Parrillo is the one
that's hosting this and Jenica Chris
Pirillo is just a bunch of questions so
we just get talking with everybody by
hanging out with all these guys here
having a killer time oh my gosh camera
we show off the grid lines on this too
so you got all of us a little thirds
you've got to get the rule of thirds
online versus again oh mama it's my
fault I'm so sorry
well it's your fault through my fault
wait wait where's that light : and I
were doing handstands at the water park
right there and water he broke his room
doing a handstand and I feel like it's
my fault I'm so sorry I thought you over
there to do the handstand but it's still
like it's I like probably would have
done a handstand to be aa man how's your
fault
I'm the word I'm literally the
say something about Robin Collins yeah
I've got my eye on you to know that we
have a lot of footage guys but we are
ending the night by Jerry had thing to
show everybody our hate the handkerchief
we use a handkerchief to blow your nose
and nobody quite understands it but
maybe they'll say I'm saying that maybe
that's the reason he's got some gray
hairs coming because he's actually like
an old man Brian I'm acting like an
adult
fine it's smart because your nose
doesn't get chafed it's like rubbing
your nose on a cloud from heaven not in
your pocket with the tissue it's like
confine so and Brian was saying later
but it's so gross it's like it's right
there you're that's not true because
look look layer one layer layer male
alien holy wait I wanted to show you
guys that though you're not we are we're
smart it's Marchese hangar to go what am
I gonna say okay we've got it in the
blog we've got to be super quiet cuz the
kids are asleep they're sleeping so
should I just do a handstand right here
yes I'll do it right here thank you guys
so much for watching
have a good night be sure to thumbs up
and subscribe if you haven't already I
love you guys carry me
now I don't know my shirt oh poor Colin
broke his oh he already showed you that
you guys okay here we go
oh and there goes Eugene I'm all over
the place
