are you ready to go on your very first
airplane ride are you excited I'm
excited I'm excited too this is exciting
this is exciting
this is exciting
Jackson do you see that airplane wait
over there it's a Disney airplane and it
has Mickey Mouse on we're going to
Disneyland going to Disneyland yeah
right we're not taking Disney and then
we're taking you to Seattle
you gotta love having kids everything
mix goes faster with my kids expedited
check-in pre-boarding you know that's
right you know what to do
it's so blue in here I feel like I'm in
that UFO but it's just a toilet it's
just a bathroom look how cool this is
I'm ready to go any first plate right
but
we just made off the plane Ellie's got
the baby I've got the good and fairly
good he did decently well I think he
could have done better
I'm a little disappointed at all I'm
just I think honestly his ears did
bother him yeah he was doing this a lot
yeah he fell asleep though probably
towards the last half of the flight and
he was golden after that and we had a
lot of fun on the plane and let's go get
Brian and all in this oh my gosh oh my
gosh
you're not behind a screen you're
gorgeous
we're like the same hi is this real life
this is so weird crazy hi ollie hey
buddy can you guys see Spokane right
there is way up there you probably
couldn't read it you're actually not
going to Seattle we rented a car we got
bright and miss you in the car because
we're actually going to go take them to
Jerry's house doctor really we got a car
and we are all in it and Bryan I don't
know how he did this you guys saw all
the luggage I'm sure when we met them we
have car seats strollers luggages bags
we like Jarrod I checked three bags we
brought two carry-ons and look it's all
just in this like little space right
here it must be it must be really deep
oh it's too little you guys won't be
able to see it you guys will just have
to see it but guess what we are eating
on the top of the Space Needle tomorrow
with all the other vloggers
and I am really excited but I'm mostly
excited to get to our hotel because we
got to get these little hooligans to
sleep because they they need to go to
sleep so we're going to sleep and then
we're gonna go eat and then the best
part I'm gonna go sit in that hot tub
guys we are at Zeke's piece of place and
Bryan and Jared have finally three
babies oh yeah we are Lebanon the babies
and Ollie this is the first time I've
seen always smiles to poke your face all
day the babies are like ready to take a
nap but the hotel is not ready for us so
we decided to cut me get some pizza
Ollie Jackson don't lord aldia Jackson
he had been playing with all these toy
and I think they are so cute together
I think Jackson took it right out of
always I think he did they were friends
before but I think they're enemies now
oh and they keep dropping I can't wait
to get into the hotel and have a vote
like not be constrained like crawl I
know oh my goodness
what the heck there's already a piece
missing Ellie jeez we just barely got it
I think she put it down before I grabbed
one
how's it taste how's it taste impression
very good very good
oh man love these food shots culantro on
anything is so good right yeah Jared's
gonna be picky and pick it off and pick
off one or two things
does it taste good or just tastes like
soap tea oh so did you know that no I
have no idea actually people have like
people either taste the actual taste of
cilantro or it tastes like soap to them
oh wow it's like two different types of
people
yeah I never even thought about that I
think of so and it doesn't taste like
smile have you ever tried what's it
taste like is it's like spicy or does it
taste like so it's more spicy than soapy
there you go you're not though B person
my brother is so yeah busy's brother it
actually tastes like soap why I don't
know your genetics is it how do you know
what soap tastes like no you guys got
your mouthwash now have you said some
bad words no soft stuff that's easy I
got to pass before oh yeah I'm still an
avid swear though she swears up a storm
I don't we just got into our hotel room
I know it's a mess I'm sorry guys don't
judge us we just got here but we are
sporting - what the heck someone's at
the door what is this door right here
what oh my gosh it's Brian guys what are
the odds are together I wondered what
that door was for that is crazy we have
adjoining rooms Joey what are you doing
in here I was wondering where you were
yeah Brian are sharing a bed no I can
agree with those terms and conditions
I am ticked I'm holding my language back
I got to the hotel and the lady
downstairs told us girl the lady
downstairs that that the pool and the
hot tub is on the service say why
literally ruins the vacation because us
the best part of getting a hotel so
we're kind of looking around to see if
there
other pools around as well you know what
we're just gonna go home if there's no
pool we're going home sorry vloggerfair
yes because they have a hot tub and the
pool we're a little disappointed but
we're gonna get we're gonna figure it
out we'll figure it out cuz we got to
get a hot tub on while we're here so is
this how sleeping arrangements are gonna
go babies are in there make room for me
Brian
we need Internet and the bed that's all
we need oh Jesus thanks so much for
watching tonight guys we're gonna end
the vlog right now and I think I have
misty gonna do a handstand with me I am
really peeved because we still haven't
found a hotel at the pool so I'm gonna
get ticked here in a minute and so
that's how you're gonna end the vlog for
them to come hang out with us in our
pool okay okay I'm not worried if you
break this TV okay 1 2 3
