hey guys it's throwback Thursday
throwback Thursday - what do you know
about Thursday go back Thursday
throwback Thursday bring it down right
now
it's throwback Thursday and Ellie has
something that she wants to tell you
guys jared is sick what the heck is on
and tomorrow we're going to vlogger fair
and I'm not feeling very good and the
day that I deliver Jackson that night
Jared well I'll never let you down from
it he was sick and couldn't help me at
all of the first night I had Jackson
this is literally the worst thing in the
world it was like miserable so I hate it
when you get sick I'm so sorry I hate it
when I get sick too I don't enjoy it a
bit anyway so jared is sick and I
thought what's a good throwback Thursday
and what's something that's easy that
like Jared will have to like it a lot
check that we can get like a good
night's rest and I thought huh I bet
99.999% of you have not seen this do you
guys want to see what Jared and I looked
like three maybe four years ago do you
guys want to see what I looked like the
day I colored my hair dark for the first
time ever Ellie had brown hair like dark
dark dark can you believe that
hey I had never colored my hair like
dark and that was the first time and it
was way dark oh and do you guys want to
see how cute our little baby faces were
so oh and last things you guys want to
hear a song that Joe and I sing together
you guys want to hear it okay throwback
Thursday to the time that Jared nice
saying a cute little song together click
right here if you guys want to see it
this is gonna be our throwback Thursday
to you we're gonna let you guys go we
will see you guys tomorrow wait real
quick one last thing we have a panel
that we are gonna be on a plug affair
and it starts at 10 o'clock there's
gonna be a vine
day know Friday Friday on vlogger fairs
the the day of vlogger fair the only
date on the longer side we're going
multiple days yeah on Friday we're gonna
have a panel where we're gonna have all
like the family vloggers like daily bums
calling and Katy Shaytards all of those
guys are gonna be there
Jellicle in town Sam and genic are gonna
be there Austin's gonna host tea Patil
there's tons of people there so go check
that out immediately after that panel we
are going to have a meet-and-greet from
12:00 to 1:30 and it's in meet-up area
numero uno with us and Bryan and Missy
we're gonna do that meet we're gonna do
it and greet and we're gonna hang out
and we're gonna meet you guys so be sure
to follow us on Twitter and Instagram
for updates on that and thanks for
watching
hey guys we're so excited to meet you
guys we cannot wait
you have to though we have to wait
because we can't make time go faster you
can't go but we can oh my gosh should we
show my room sure well show you our room
but that is our throwback Thursday for
you guys the next several several days
the vlogs are probably gonna be like 20
minutes long I'm sure because we're
gonna be doing so much we're gonna be
like they're gonna be really long or
really short because we're so busy but
they're probably gonna be long they're
gonna be long well record a lot so
anyway um just just so you know the next
several days are gonna be really long so
we're gonna be flying and meeting our
friends and meeting you guys so we're
really excited and we will see you guys
tomorrow with our daily vlogs well show
you our room real quick though okay go
right okay okay almost ripped I'll show
you our room okay this is that it looks
like I've got all of our hair stuff Jax
and stuff over there this is the bag
we're checking all my makeup all my
makeup some of Jared's clothes and some
of my clothes if you guys want to see
some shoes my brother-in-law's like I
absolutely hate those those are the
ugliest things ever and I was like those
are not these things ever these are my
shoes that I'm wearing on Friday how
cute anyway that's what it looks like
we're not even done
yeah I know we haven't even started and
it's like 8:30 and or 9:30 okay I don't
know anyway thank you guys so much for
watching see you later
