hey guys I am here with my beautiful
wife Ellie and we are here because we
have been given a challenge a challenge
that nobody else can do except us and we
are ready to accept that challenge and
that challenge is the BOSU will
challenge what the bane boozled
challenge challenge challenge
hey guys we are not doing a typical vlog
today because we have had our family
here with us for the past week Jared and
I are going to vlogger fair in a few
days we are exhausted we are cleaning we
are packing so we thought that this
would be a fun thing to do for you guys
but then now I'm thinking about it a
vlog would've been easier this might be
I'm excited interesting yeah to say the
least yeah it is a midnight right now
and the vlog goes up at like 10:00 in
the morning so we got to film this and
get her up we gotta get her do it what
we do is we are going to pour these
beans into this awesome
jar right here so what we are gonna do
Ellie is we are each going to take one
of the same color now the thing about
these beans are these jelly beans is
that they have a hidden flavor Green is
either booger or juicy pear white is
either baby wipes or coconut
yellow is either rotten egg or buttered
popcorn you get the idea one yeah a
normal jelly bean the other is a nasty
gross I throw up in my mouth flavor it's
the same color so you don't like No yeah
with the same color I see they're gonna
taste like crap pressing it tastes like
rainbows it could literally taste like
poop that's the thing what we're gonna
do is we're going to take the same color
and we're gonna eat it at the same time
let's start off with white because it
seems pretty safe now let's let's start
off some ground rules Kay okay rule
number one you have to eat the whole
jellybeans and swallow it okay it's not
really that bad rule number two you
can't spit it out I guess that's federal
number one okay grab a white one grab a
coconut or baby wipes so coconut or baby
wipes with these ready one two
coconut baby wipes mm-hmm no it tastes
fresh it tastes clean I'm like oh that's
not bad let's do it again okay
hey already maybe wipes your coconut
I got baby wipes I still can't tell I
can always have some baby wipes green
booger or juicy pear ah just be pear
I got booger what let's try these don't
taste anything like your boogers Ellie
again bugger or juicy pear one two three
I got booger again
I like yogurt a sight you gave it back
to me you jerk oh jeez hey Baldy cheese
or caramel corn I am like I hate moldy
cheese I'm like really nervous there oh
you keep getting the crappy ones but are
you next our cat though hmm I want to
eat cheese hmm
I heard you're overdramatic no it's bad
it's really bad okay let's try it again
then you try it
hey mo Michi this is the last one you're
gonna get it it's not caramel corn
rotten egg or buttered popcorn huh it
was buttered popcorn is that what it was
yeah rotten egg or buttered popcorn oh
I'm really nervous when did you
better popcorn but you are giving it
everything
so I'm the bad one nut milk gross I
smell your breath
oh man we're going to try that again
Jared just cleaned up from his throat Oh
rotten egg or I don't know if I can do
that oh we get it wet
I don't want buttered popcorn oh I
really Oh got it one two three do it
oh that's bad that's popcorn
thank goodness care mm-hmm just in case
I don't want it there and it's okay it's
bad it is it is that bad I'm like
grateful Thank You jellybeans for being
so kind to me at this moment in my time
of need after eating that - biggest
smells haven't had a centipede or
strawberry jam ready son and pee tastes
like 1 2 3
that's centipede
I can just taste the booger in my mouth
dead that rotten egg yeah like dirt
tastes like dirt got centipede no does
it taste like dirt yeah I don't know I
put on my shirt girl I gotta look good
these are gross see it's not very fun
getting the girls on wrong I feel like
if I were to actually chew it and
swallow something like Oh dog food or
chocolate pudding ready 1 2 5 doctors Oh
chocolate pudding chocolate pudding yeah
winners vomit or peach I'm kind of a you
did it already
welp that mama I'm sorry I blamed look I
can still taste it I'm being like cuz
I'm not eating out I don't want it
that's gross huh it's like gasoline
there's a gasoline in my mouth I just
gotta look at that it's like it's like
someone took a bunch of gasoline and put
it in a cup and made me drink it it's
like someone farted in my mouth
toothpaste or blueberry that's like what
the one I'm excited for hey toothpaste
or blueberry
good thanks I see I can do this one and
now I'm like ha ha minty fresh
refreshing save the best for last right
yeah guys that was bad that was so bad I
thought I was kind of likes I didn't eat
them all eat all of these all of them ok
one two
Reverend guys oh oh uh uh know what
Jarrett you know all these uh uh I can't
do it anymore huh well I'm doing this
for you guys let me have our first
be sure to LIKE comment and subscribe
okay we'll see you tomorrow for our
regular daily vlogs we are going to
Seattle roof and we're really excited
and we cannot wait to see you guys we
can't wait wait to see our friends so
we'll see you guys in the next video
come on that was really gross
