good morning guys hey I am sitting here
with Carter and Drake and I wanted to
show them this funny video and just to
see their reaction Ali and I have been
watching a lot of Jimmy Kimmel videos on
YouTube and I want to show Carter and
Drake this one where the parents ate all
the kids Halloween candy and I want to
see what their reaction was what you
guys think of that what did they buy
Jimmy Kimmel asked the parents of the
kids after Halloween to eat all the
candy is that funny no do you think mom
and dad should eat your candy after
Halloween no anyway that's hilarious
guys be sure to check out Jimmy Kimmel's
channel is I'll have a link right up
here just click Jimmy's beautiful face
right here up in the corner and also
have a link down below but if you like
funny videos be sure to check his
channel
what in the world are you women doing
right now I have the biggest secret to
tell you that Emily taught me wait first
what is this what is all of this what
are we doing we're going to the cabin oh
we're going to the cabin we're going to
the cabin we're going to the cabin well
go into the cabin we're going to the
cabin sorry
hey are doing tinfoil dinners you know
except our dinners are sinful dinner was
like any type of meat vegetables onion
Emily told me that if you have a layer
of cabbage underneath and then you put
your vegetables potatoes carrots onions
and then ground me on it it will keep
the moisture in but it won't burn your
tinfoil dinner so yeah we've got a
cabbage down we've got onions potatoes
carrots and then we're going to get the
meat on top and we're going to dinners
that's so cool so cabbage is that secret
layer that makes everything amazing is
that what you're saying yep so that's
the tip of the day tip sundae for you
that's the tip of the day for ya okay so
here's the situation we got to the gate
the gate was locked we had a key
they changed the keys on us what in the
world I tell a key holder I think they
did tell the key holders they just
didn't tell us because we are out of the
loop I guess we just don't know anything
so we luckily as we were driving up
trying to figure out the lock someone
came and unlocked it from the other side
as they are leaving so all we have to
figure out is how we're gonna leave
either tonight or tomorrow morning so
that is on the agenda today let's figure
out how we're going to leave right now
we've got some awesome fire going we
built the fire the kids are having a
good time we're getting our tin foil
dinners ready to rock and roll fire like
Jackson staring at it and like earlier
he was trying to get out and our cheese
back he loved that side cut to a scene
of me chopping some wood all manly like
you
Jackson is just about to fall asleep but
before he does I wanted to be with him
well I told you guys do you remember
that the last time Jackson Jared and I
were up at the family cabin I was 18
weeks pregnant and I felt Jackson for
the very first time move and my tummy do
you remember that dare remember that and
if you guys didn't know we actually said
his name for the first time we kind of
spilled the beans yeah and only a couple
of you guys caught it yeah we said his
name for the first time in that video
and I had felt him moved for the very
first time so I'm gonna have Jared link
that video down below if you guys want
to see it we came up with Jared's family
and we were on a little family hike and
I felt Jackson moved for the first time
and oh I was so excited I still remember
how I felt was so fun so anyway I just
wanted to share that little tidbit with
you since we were up here and this is
the first time we've been back to the
cabin since we've had him been fun yeah
good night we have had this family cabin
since longer than I can remember and the
cool thing about it is they've added on
things over time like this whole section
here didn't used to be there you can see
they have added it on there the outhouse
back there did not used to be a
flushable toilet we can now flush the
toilet it's not a hole in the ground
they even added a shower right here look
at this oh my gosh man what are you
doing in the shower I'm trying to get
Sean we have pants on though Matt are
you a never-nude hahahaha there are
dozens of us dozens guys are like my
other favorite thing about the cabin
when I was a kid was going up into the
loft and if you look at these stairs
more like a ladder that is really steep
I was always afraid that I was gonna
fall down and in fact my older sister
Melanie she did fall down these stairs
and she got knocked unconscious my
favorite thing ever was to go and to
look over and see that pretty lady hi
check out the camera too you ready yeah
are you gonna catch it one there Jackson
- gee good job yeah now you're gonna
catch me let me throw it up yeah John
Becca okay when cheer G oh I gotcha I
went right over my head
Matt you've got quite the arm oh hey
we've got some company coming up hey
Drake stir come on Carter Oh doesn't
that look so good yes I loved Emily's
tip because look the cabbage is a little
burnt for everything else in there it
has a lot of moisture and it's not dry
it is cooked Thank You Emily looks so
good it seriously is amazing emily has
been like the best cook and she's been
giving me all these tips on like
homemade baby food this week and now
this and so I actually made Jackson's
lunch today I made all by myself and I'm
going to start making more like carrots
and stuff and then putting them in the
freezer for the leftover stuff that I
have so I'm really excited for this it
looks so yummy are you guys sure you
don't want to stick around full-time and
just like live with us make food for us
you like there's not wrong with it like
eight people living in our one bathroom
two bedroom house we've been doing that
so far you know fine so far Oh Cole
tomorrow for my job just quit okay okay
thanks cool gentle quit his job and
we'll all be YouTube's beautiful thing
JK can't do that and that fear me one of
those Mountain Dews oh wait Matt you
need to toss up again so the mountain
dew faces this way can you throw it
again a little bit better
no you need that you need to do me a
mountain Dew how dare you do haven't you
seen the office Oh II know it's from the
office me says bear me one of those
fries or something like it bear me that
CD think of me that CD hey Matt beer me
one of those dues see I could be on the
Mountain Dew commercial um sponsorship
Mountain Dew you know me you know
there's probably no one in the world for
Mountain Dew watching right now but if
you are
hey Jeremy one of those ketchups Western
family sponsorship Western family extra
fancy tomato ketchup no mess easy
squeeze boom see I think Matt could vlog
what do you guys think do you think Matt
could be a good vlogger the way you're
bouncing if you let something go that's
gonna be bad news for that fire look
guys it's Bambi
ah the sweet sweet enjoyment of s'mores
um I'm not gonna smile because I already
did
how can I have some more if I haven't
had any already well the chocolate is my
darkness have a chocolate bar and my lab
smell minty so far Oh
can you guys smell that turn on your
smellivision real quick cuz it's minty
every time we roast marshmallows I think
of two movies one is pretty obvious the
sandlot because who doesn't think of a
Sandlot when they have s'mores
number two we need to go to the hike and
Sam what was filmed in Utah oh yeah
the heights the pool was where we live
actually one of these days June one of
these days the second movie I think of
is Dennis the Menace when he's roasting
marshmallows and it catches on fire and
he flings it back and forth back and
forth back and forth and it goes way
behind him and who does it get into mr.
Wilson's face it it hits his forehead
 and it's on fire he's like ahhh
those are the movies that I think of
Carter when I have smart oh when I have
s'mores
good morning sunshine the earth says
hello he's like you're having a problem
okay king of the mountain what do you
think he was literally smile two seconds
if I started putting on the camera at
any friends yeah hey hey there it is
hey mister man ah you say he just woke
up from his nap yeah I'll get the bug
there's a bug on my face Shh we're
getting ready to go and then you woke up
for the show should we cook in
marshmallow yeah you want one here you
go
yes oh no not yet not older
good job mom what oh holy cow we just
got home and you know what that means
it's time to wrap up the night time to
end the vlog these kids are all nice and
clean spick-and-span smelling good I
still stink I still smell like smoke and
I think these guys do too just a little
bit but these guys are playing giant
checkers that's fun dirty they're
learning how to play checkers let me
just say we've had a blast with you guys
the past couple days you guys leave
tomorrow and I'm not excited about that
because mostly this guy right here
Drake stirrer is hilarious and I think
he has a key to his voice Oh hand he's
mooning us right now that's that's
really nice to see but um thumbs up if
you guys had a good time hanging out
with Matt and Emily cuz I knew I I know
I sure did yeah whoa good job thanks for
watching guys I hope you have a
wonderful day thanks for being so
patient with us while YouTube was being
like such a pain in the rear end with
all the uploading and everything um we
finally got back on track and all the
videos are uploaded and everything but I
need to do a handstand Ellie's putting
Jackson on the bed so I'm gonna do it
for her this is like obstacle course
handstand
there's like a million objects here that
I have to avoid one day listen thanks
for watching and see you later bye buddy
pushin
member
by
