funny
Carter is playing with an RC car on the
table and Jackson keeps trying to take
it and put it in his mouth
show me what you're doing you didn't get
it this time card around 1 Drake and I
came over to the neighbor's house
because they're doing the irrigation and
look at all the water in the front yard
can you see all that water in the front
yard don't go put your feet in it is it
kind of cold because the irrigation is
coming out I don't know if I said that
right out another irrigating or they're
doing something oh that's so good ah
yeah yeah that looks deep so we'll pry
stay over here gonna walk in more ha ha
ha so cold now and I have been reading
the comments and a lot of you guys think
that Matt is cooler than Jared you guys
don't even know Matt come on guys Nana's
not cooler than Jared I am so much
cooler than Jared
ah he is really cool but I still think
Jared's cooler but anyway Jerris being
creepy and he's listening and watching
us through our little cam and he keeps
talking to the kids and he heard us
talking about how all you guys are
saying that Matt is clearer than Jared
and Jared's like no I'm cooler and it's
really creepy through the camp
yay so we're just gonna sit here and
stay and she does anything in our little
apartment with all of us people and all
the little kids we've got to get outside
and we don't have a yard so I think the
neighbors had these all sides so I think
we're going to try and race these cars
up on show you see if it'll so they'll
go up okay up on this
oh I don't think it has enough speed
let's try this one it's not as curvy
yeah oh Jenny I'm sorry maybe we could
put it up top and let it go down and
it'll go really fast I've got it this is
going to be so fun when Jackson's older
to play stuff like this and have Legos
and airplanes and oh that went really
fast awesome this is how we entertain
kids we use the neighbors whatever these
are and play our game good job codger I
got these little cars for Jared for
Christmas this year we I got me and
Jared a little RC car so we could play
and look they've come in handy now we're
playing with all the kids what's going
do good morning yeah hi
your cousins have come to play with you
hey good morning
oh my goodness can you feel that I just
got out of the shower Ellie's about to
cut my hair but she has to feed the baby
first cuz babies like to eat I guess
yeah
office camera it never opens up all the
way I dropped it you you dropped it -
ten vlogging points Ellie Ellie's gonna
cut my hair and I conditioned it like
three times and it's like amazingly
smooth here Matt touch it oh it's pretty
good it's so good
Drake do you want to touch my hair is it
smooth what yeah yeah it's silky smooth
okay Ellie here's what I want I want a
number one tight around the edges square
it on the sides and if you could get rid
of the gray hairs that'd be great
but if I took it all off
for a blogger sir take it all off her
vlogger fair should not be the title of
today's video take it all off we just
finished with our haircuts and Matt is
now he's shaving his little well not
really little that's pretty decent his
mustache with a little peanut
insert it's working picture moustache is
too thick for all the lens again
he said that must his moustache is too
thick for an actual razor when it's long
it just rips it out when it's longer
have to do that for the night weird huh
interesting well what do you guys think
I haven't done it just yet but what do
you guys think of my hair and does it
look pretty good I think it looks good I
haven't looked at it but I just know
that's the thing with Ellie you just
know you just get good quality you do
jackson's fallen this is so frustrating
Ellie wants me to grow my facial hair
out just so it can be like Matt
apparently Matt grows better facial hair
wolf Matt jeez look at your brother
Garrett I'm trying to I'm not trying to
I'm much better-looking than that you
guys know this sure I don't grow facial
hair I just was not blessed with the
facial hair growing
you were you were glass with the best
head of hair out all your room you know
that's right I have a full head of hair
I will probably have hair the rest of my
life Matt are you thinking I'm yeah a
little no no up here not here is that
where you're wearing horizontal stripes
to make yourself slim no horizontal
makes me look fatter oh is that what it
is I knew we were you vertical lines
does look thin horizontal to be funny be
wearing ankle straps you need to be
wearing everybody look at this let's
take a look from the side holy Hannah
mongoliad Ellie yeah that's a bowl of
jelly guys Santa Claus is coming to town
guys look at those rosy cheeks you're
growing on the beer too well I think
Ellie did a really good job I gotta go
do my hair so let's let's go do that and
let's go have a good night
it's Friday night why so we can order
dinner yeah I just kidding you're gonna
go to bed super early so you're
mom and dad and aunt Ellie and uncle
Jerry can pot a pot a thing Jackson this
is your first bubble bath he's already
starting to eat the bubbles we put him
in the bubbles and he keeps trying to
grab them and he put his mouth down and
now he's got bubbles all over his mouth
hey little Santa Claus
guy doesn't know what to think about it
how funny that is hilarious okay cow and
go off the jump good job can you do it
again good job buddy
okay Matt we're on a mission today the
mission the mission is we need to find
sunglasses or at least attempt to find
that sunglasses mission number two is we
have to
dinner we have to get some really
awesome dinner and take it home and then
eat it with our mouths okay
ID challenge accepted challenge accepted
so this is option number one this is
Oakley to face I guess what do you guys
think Ellie was saying that she liked
the two different colors the blue and
the silver I don't know what do you
think do you think I can pull it off hmm
I think they're too big I have a really
weird looking face I don't know that oh
I don't think I did a tumor and then
we've got option number two these are oh
please again those alright I don't know
I just I have such a weird looking face
up it's different for me so I don't know
how this is gonna work out guys so this
was the final decision
this is the lucky pair that won the
contest I got some Oakley Jupiter
squared is what these are called I like
them I have oh my god we got you some
food steak for days steak for days girls
steak for having a good dinner I'm
excited more often yeah we went to Texas
Roadhouse we picked up some awesome look
at all that butter Oh Paula Deen would
be so proud right now Paula Deen what's
that
she'll still eat it I liked it oh it's
okay that's okay we're all gonna eat
part we're all gonna eat that butter
we got Texas Roadhouse we got steak we
got ribs
we got potatoes we're gonna have a good
night sunglasses don't really fit on my
face and so I had a really hard time
deciding and and like that I think I
like these two I think I have no idea
what I'm talking about but I'm gonna eat
because we're hungry so Ellie will you
do a handstand for us you close the
evening yes have a wonderful day guys
thank you so much for watching be sure
to hit that like button you guys haven't
subscribed you're missing the train
hop on hit that subscribe button hey
shake it girl shake it shake it oh that
was
