good morning you guys Jackson you are so
stinking cute do you know that Jackson
has been playing in his little Safari
adventure thing and it is so cool but
because it's like this tunnel and you go
in and it was fun stuff and animals and
shapes and sizes and he loves going
inside of it you want to show um Jackson
let's show him how you do it
can you dude come here hahaha good job
what is that can you say that's a tiger
what sound does a tiger make do you know
Jackson Drake do you know what's not a
tiger mix why is it that do you remember
the work loud Ellie the word cloud that
we do they're contributing to it you are
making our poo word cloud even bigger
guys are you gonna go to Ellie's mom and
dad's house and are you gonna play in
the tree house and jump on the
trampoline and I just don't want Quinn
being under because best I meet cracks
in my back did you step on a crack and
you cracked your mother's back is that
what happened no I cracked my back uh-oh
well you'll be safe Drake are you gonna
jump on the trampoline and go in the
treehouse well you guys have a good day
I am gonna go to work so I get to slave
away at the job place and Ellie and Matt
and Emily and Drake and Carter are gonna
go have a wonderful enjoyable day oh
yeah and Jackson pony
did I forget our own son yeah strike one
worst worst dad ever guys I have to show
you something and I'm not back here
because I'm not going to be in a
seatbelt don't worry but the two little
cousins have been tormenting Jackson
what have you been doing with these two
things Hey and poor little Jackson is
just dealing with it and he is quite
enjoying it but they are doing whatever
they can do to make Jackson look funny
Hey pretty funny huh
Jackson doesn't seem very amused
just asleep and today is the day we wake
up why is the pool
like the partner
Wow good morning guys so a lot of you
guys if you guys have been watching the
past couple days you know that Jared's a
family has been staying with us so we
decided to take a quick trip up to my
mom's house because we have no yard and
my mom has a yard so we're letting the
kids play with the hose and play in the
water and this is what we have and we're
all just playing and Jax is watching
Jackson's watching all the cousins and
are you having fun Carter yep they're
having fun and we're all just hanging
out and talking and trying not to get
splashed with water drink do you want a
swing so so height you can lick those
leaves do you want to swing so high okay
you're a brave little boy are you gonna
hold on tight it's really fun that we
can be at my mom's house with Jared's
family like work like I just love that
part about our families that when we get
together it doesn't matter where you're
at like his family can come here or I
can go to his grandma's house or his
grandma can come over here it's just
really fun when the whole family's
together that we're just like one big
family in-laws or not you know it's been
really fun and crazy Superman okay
you're almost there are you gonna lick
it
no you're pretty brave little
three-year-old are you having fun yet
what's your favorite part about today
Carter Jos gentle mean swing super loose
whoa that was a lot remember last time I
asked one of my who did I asked one of
my niece is what their favorite part of
the day was and I think was just
popsicles
you got a whole full-blown list there
what about you Drake
ah do you know where you're at Carter
where are we at and your mom's house
yeah my mom's uh party Boop we love the
party poop hey we're all better I just
knocked you over made him cry and
Emily's gonna give us an underdog can
you give us an underdog
you know we're all happy again and now
I'm soaking wet because he's been in the
pool so now my legs are gonna be sworn
baby we gotta say goodbye say goodbye to
them hi so because yesterday Jared put
in a picture of him and his brother on
the scooter together since I am a Drake
we need to insert a picture here of when
Drake was a brand-new little baby and
Jared and I we're holding him and now he
is so big so insert picture now no I
don't want to do that you're giving me
more work to do Ellie don't want to look
up that picture fine I'll do it
put it in put it in right now jeez stop
bothering me
ah give me more work fine you guys are
up here in this big little treehouse so
you havin fun yeah are you trying to
touch it
oh you want to leave okay grab a little
leaf you can grab a little leaf well
that's one perfect what are you doing up
there having a great time time time when
are you coming down down okay see you
later
I think somebody's trying to be Jared in
the back can what is it gold buddy yeah
yeah you haven't watched our vlog
I'm Jared doing can you do first can you
do a backflip I don't know you don't
know I'll try it okay now can you do a
backflip oh the thing can you do a
backflip holding the camera but keeping
the camera on your face I don't know if
anyone wants to see that
well I break your kid no is he giving my
face to give him a face this is hard I
think he did good did he do good Jared I
don't know Jared still work we're doing
the back flips and the little kids are
been playing in the dirt and Carter has
a stick up your tush the whole family
we've been all together all day just
kind of playing at my mom's and we were
like how come we are not at the family
cabin so Matt and the family haven't
been up to the family cabin in a while
so I think on Sunday we're going to go
up there so you guys are going to have
to stay tuned because Matt Emily are
kind of hanging out with us like all
week long and we've been having a lot of
fun just being with family and now we're
just crazy jumping have you ever done a
back flip Emily no I've never done a
back flip
oh I want to but I don't know maybe when
Jared's here next he'll help teach me
how to do back foot cracked egg or crack
the neck which one is that I am gonna
show Drake how to do an eggplant where
you go 1 2 3 and you hold Drake you
likes and you do little egg King and you
try not to crack
he's a Drake sir you do it eight-foot
that was a good attempt I liked it are
you gonna do it 100 this weekend is full
of you know what if it go they learned
it from us can I just say something real
quick
I am super jealous that Matt and Emily
and Ellie and the kids had such a really
good time today and I was stuck at work
all day it's like I have a job or
something that I have to go and do yeah
you couldn't be on vacation like me hmm
I want to be on vacation actually next
week I'm going on vacation we're going
to vlogger fair in Seattle let me know
if you guys are going leave a comment
down below if you're going I'm jealous
that you're on vacation right now what
does it feel like to be on vacation
tell me everything feels wonderful I
wouldn't worry about work or anything
nah not a thing not a care in the world
I don't care I'm just sitting here being
lazy
ah you don't have to wake up early
tomorrow well I had the way yeah yeah
yeah we have to wake up when the kids
wake up guys I hope you had an enjoyable
day today I hope you enjoyed the vlog a
lot of you guys have been saying we want
to see more Jackson we want to see more
Jackson well he's asleep right now so
let's go sneak in
to Wyatt I need a flashlight get your
flashlight it's fun to have all the boys
sleeping in one room together I think
that's pretty fun I think Jackson and
Carter and Drake get along pretty well I
think Jackson really likes hanging out
with them so that's pretty fun but
that's the vlog for today I hope you
guys had a good day
do you want to do a handstand or do you
want me to do a handstand just do okay
will you film me I guess okay just keep
the camera on me brah all right brah
let me take my shirt in so you don't see
my my intimates going for length of time
here
member
