hey everybody how are you doing it is
throwback Thursday what are you so what
are so funny what are you laughing about
and I did you really everyone was just
like okay Jared you keep singing that
song I'm just trying to be funny and
entertaining I got a text message no
it's a tweet from : : : so Colin just
tweeted me a video of che and Cullen
doing a handstand contest and I did the
hands fan with them and me and Shay we
pretty much tied right we can't we
where's like the same time but :
kicked our butts and I am not prepared
for vlogger fair but I think we're gonna
have a handstand contest i vlog Rafi
what do you guys think would you guys
want to see that we're gonna see if we
can get as many people as we can to do a
handstand contest but anyway back to
what we were talking about throwback
Thursday I don't want to hear any of
this making fun of Jared okay geez yeah
they're so rude you guys are our guests
your guests
yeah yeah that's enough okay we've got
to throwback Thursdays okay so this one
this one's gonna be really quick so
Emily when I first met Emily there but
maybe was not when we first met Matt and
Emily have been dating for a while and
Emily said something like hey no I said
hey Emily do you know what time it is
and Emily was like time for you to shut
up and I was like what the heck like I
barely ever loved you and he was so hurt
that I would say that I was like you
like you're dating my brother and you're
being like really rude to me I was like
I've all offended and I was like what
the heck like and then and then she
started laughing and was like ah this is
so funny and then and then she's like
now Jared now you do it now you do it to
me and I was like what so like see if
you throughout the day if I say anything
like that say it back and Jared learned
to pull the panties out of his bum
cheeks yeah and you became a big voice
but he looked at it a few times yeah I
would say things like he would try to do
and say
like what time and what time is it and
then Emily's like you did it wrong like
that's not how it works
oh geez I said things funny in the past
anyway that's throwback Thursday number
one throwback Thursday number two we're
gonna switch seats over here Oh
throwback Thursday number two me and my
brother Matt here Matt is the brother
who was just older than I am
we worked together what is so funny Elia
Fisher you know what we should do we
should insert the picture of us riding
the scooter together right here Matt and
I work together as roofers well Matt was
a roofer and I was a feeder we worked
together for what three summers I think
is what it was something like that Matt
would you know nailed down the roof with
his nail gun and everything and I would
feed him the roofing material and we got
paid per square like or how many you
know 400 square feet that you do that's
how much you get paid and so on the
faster you go the more money you make so
that's something we'd always try to do
is go faster so we would try and go as
fast as we could as we're working to
make more money per hour there there was
one day where not wanted to go really
really fast and so he like I'm not even
sure I can't even remember like what did
you say something to me or was I just
angry I just had a bad day there was
just so many girls that wanted me and I
just couldn't choose which one this was
all before your time Ellie I'm totally
kidding no no maybe I am a little bit I
anyway um Matt made me mad and while we
were on the roof I was just like really
angry and so I started like throwing the
shingles at and that because I was angry
at him and that was like oh Jared's
going like really really fast this is
way way we can make more money so I'm
I'm plating the camera at you like I
want you to talk but I pretty much
already told the story so I made would
make you mad so we'd go faster and we
made a lot of money that day we made
that was how much money how much money
did we make that day I don't know
we made like over $200 that day no we
made over $200 an hour an hour yeah and
which is crazy for roofie
how much should we average normally I
know you may paid me like what $15 an
hour I think is what it was which for me
in high school was awesome
I was working yeah well I think did it
go yeah I I think I averaged like $15 an
hour on average before that but like I
worked at Red Robin and I was like $10
an hour so this is like in high school I
was doing pretty well Matt took the rest
of it though I did because you were the
boss you were matt was my boss at that
time so we made what $200 an hour yeah
for how did we do more than one hour do
you think no I think I just called it a
day after that everything yep we're
gonna call that a day check $200 an hour
that's something we can put down in the
books so that's our story we did you
ever fall off a roof yes you know what I
remember the first roof that I worked
with you on it was like I can't even
remember how many squares it was but it
was like a 10 12 and it was this huge
house with so many different cuts and it
was like super dangerous and it was my
first time on the roof and we had to
wear harnesses and everything and there
was a really long like of yeah like no
yeah it was a valley so it would it
would go like this and they would change
direction and there was an anchor up at
the top and I was had my harness on and
I would run around like I was like
Assassin's Creed or spider-man and I
always thought that was the coolest
thing and then Matt's like Jared stop we
have to work and I was like okay I'll
stop and so we well I'm not annoying I'm
like I'm the younger brother I was you
were you're the little hi Nina that's
another throwback I was a younger
brother that everyone wanted right Matt
yeah good thank you
good answer so that's our throwback
Thursday that's what those are some fun
stories that involved Emily and Matt
that's good that I remembered that but
brotherly love so I love the brothers
and
the vlog pant set are you up for a
handstand oh yeah really long Hansen
that's probably the longest hands man
I've ever done it's true and I still
lost a color I'm coming after you man so
my back really hurts so I don't know you
look like an old man - hey boys brother
versus brother okay get it on like
Donkey Kong
yep three two one - I like what I owe
you boys well that's how it's done
oh I didn't know what else to say you
later see you tomorrow
