my god that that doctor he's trying to
say I love you dad that da da Dada
ah he's attacking the blades we have
this glorious look so good but look
we're gonna try avvocato one more time
of Jackson we'll see if he does that
face I think he's gonna do the bitter
beer face I'm gonna do that we'll do
that
hey spider-man what are you doing ah hey
spider-man number two you guys are both
spider-man wait who's the real
spider-man here
Oh expire man hits himself in the face
me and Emily made thanks today I've
never tried before and they are natural
yeast clown cake
so take a new base okay wait so natural
yeast what's unnatural yeast I don't
know either I didn't know there was a
natural and an unnatural I don't know
this is what it's about is it like um
like processed East is that what it is
or how does it work he's taking my plate
round two with the avocado Arnett Teddy
here we go he didn't want it
you definitely did there's a neither he
wanted it really bad or he didn't want
to there's enough in here that didn't
get on the ground so we'll see them
yummy he does he's opening its mouth a
lot more these kidneys this no it's not
nasty hey this must be some daddy genes
getting into him and last time a couple
of you guys down my dad was like I think
it was too thick for him to eat which it
was so I made sure it was a little
thinner today extra smush today but
yesterday I fed a banana
it was thicker than this and he didn't
do the coughing face I think he likes it
I like don't it's an acquired taste
right yeah like fine wine you'll stink I
don't know about that I'm gonna strap a
cloth to him and make him crawl across
this floor and clean that up you've seen
those baby moms right haven't you I'll
put a picture right I'll just show you
I'm gonna put a long process a complete
azan mess up that does not look like
avocado anymore
what the Jackson did you just die
real for what are you laughing at are
you good there yeah that's exactly right
Carter it does look like puke you guys
think we're joking when we're gonna have
Jackson clean this up
we're not we've got the towels at time
to him okay here's what we're gonna do
we're gonna tie each towel to each limb
of Jackson and we're gonna have him roll
across the leg or the kitchen floor and
he's gonna clean his own mess up he made
the mess he's gonna clean it up this is
this is where you got to start you got
to start young okay Jackson you made a
mess you clean it up that's how you get
a toy out you put it away before the
next toy comes out you hear me you hear
me okay let's do it what are you glaring
at yeah
he's like I know what you guys are doing
okay one more on your legs
good yeah practice those motion do you
want to get those motions down okay son
oh go for it
mmm eyes Doug good help pull you oh not
what your hand and I don't understand
this concept I don't understand what
you're trying to have me do hmm come on
clean it up if he sees this yeah lure
him this way Carter good job he's not
understanding the concept so I think I'm
just gonna have to spit okay squeaky
clean good not bad good job good job
Jackson see guys it's not heat they're
never too young you can start him early
you can have him help around the house
hey what do you think Jaguar all done
one more spin to fill it around there we
go it's all over his pajamas yeah we may
have this towels but he's got the right
idea
good job Jackson thanks Carter for
anything more yeah thank you for helping
lure him in there actually he did a lot
of cleaning up look I'm taking off his
towel look at that good job good job you
didn't get all on your pajamas you got
it on the towels - good job Jackson I'm
proud of you I'm proud of you son one
thing I grabbed the old camera because I
couldn't find our other one this morning
and so the quality may not be as good
but Jackson and I made a little road
trip back to where Jared and I were
going to college at and I came and
visited one of my friends because she
made Jackson some cute baby shoes and I
wanted to show you guys where Jared and
I used to live the first two years of
our marriage
and this is the back side of it and this
whole area used to be flooded they now
have put in like bark down but this used
to be flooded I don't even think anyone
lives in these anymore let's see if we
can see the inside ah
this is the apartment that we used to
live at and that was the bedroom where
our desk was I right there and that was
the hallway oh my gosh and this was our
bedroom that we used to sleep in and the
headboard was all right there there's no
doors to the closet and this is where we
used to live it kind of brings back a
lot of memories because you know that's
when we started trying to have a baby
here and this is the front of it this is
where we used to live kind of crazy and
Jarrod would always walk to school and I
would wake up early in the mornings and
I would drive to work and that's what we
did for two years
it was very repetitive kind of like now
I mean life kind of is repetitive but
yeah Jarrod would go to school he'd go
to work he would go do job shadowing
kind of crazy this is where we used to
live Jackson that is where daddy and I
tried to get you here yep that's right
sick mom crap that's one thing I don't
like about where we used to live when we
lived here we had a good little car that
my dad was so cute and he was always
working on it for us but I just drove
back into town and our car is making a
funny funny noise so I'm gonna have to
call Jarrod and I'm really worried about
it because honestly it sounds horrible
I'm like nervous to drive home Oh car
problems so this is what it's come to
I just got home from my job home from my
job yeah I just got home from my job
I'll punch you right in the face no I
won't man I love your face it's pretty
I'm probably gonna get something back
with that later
anyway so Ellie went to the car shop
place and what's the news you don't have
to buy a new car it was just a rock
stuck why'd you put a rock in the car I
swear it did so did you tell them about
when we lived there yeah every time we
drove out of the parking lot it would
make all of these really bad sounds so
when Ellie went there and she told me
about I was like great not again like
what the heck is up with that place
cursed all the cars that I've ever owned
but you know um but yeah that's the vlog
today guys I have some really exciting
news that I want to share with you so I
told you yesterday that we'd have some
new stuff on our merch site we've got
phone cases we've got ipod touch cases
we've got buttons and I have a new
t-shirt done Oh a button note the ball
drop buttons and we've got a new t-shirt
design that I'm really excited to show
you I think you guys will like it it is
called the handstand champion shirt and
this is what it looks like right here so
really cool shirt is an instant champion
and you've probably noticed it's
upside-down that's because when you're
doing a handstand it's gonna be right
side up see how cool that is I want to
tell you guys this because there is a
cool promotion going on right now you
get 20% off of everything that you get
if it's $30 or more all you have to do
is use this awesome promo code summer 14
check it out 20% off everything over $30
using the promotion code summer 14 check
it out we've got some cool new design
cool new accessories in there and let me
know if you guys have any interest in
like any other designs want anything new
or different just let me know what are
you eating
oh you got a smarter than the bag oh I
broke the nozzle cooking and a rumor I
noticed forever we'll never have the
green Twizzlers ever again oh ow ladies
I think it's time that you guys do again
Stan emily is going to do a handstand
with me okay are you guys gonna play
chicken on when you do handstands I
better move the computer if anything's
gonna happen to our TV I think this is
probably the time it's gonna happen so I
got I've got a film really good hair
okay ladies don't get each other ready
go see you tomorrow bye thanks for
watching
member
