so ever since yesterday Ellie and I have
been watching a ton of Jimmy Kimmel
videos and probably our favorite just
think it's hilarious is the mean tweets
when Jimmy Kimmel has all the people
read the mean tweets so we thought it'd
be kind of funny if we took some of our
YouTube comments and did the same thing
yeah we didn't have very many deceptor
though yeah thank you guys
thank you it's really nice you look
crazy
Jared workout sorry Ellie is Ruth he
probably is gay he sounds like it we did
that I thought it was kind of funny if
you guys want to see some more of Jimmy
Kimmel's videos go ahead and click the I
think it's going to be right here click
the subscribe button there and also have
a link down below and go check out his
channel he has a ton of really awesome
videos like the handsome men's club that
I'm actually going to be a part of Jimmy
calm contacted me the other day and
we're gonna be in the I'm gonna be in
the handsome men's club now don't it's
true laugh and he loved it yeah it's
true and I'm not making this up I
promise
you're probably wondering why I've
gathered you all here today we've got a
family meeting we needed to discuss some
very important matters in Jackson you're
the head of it Jackson where were you on
the night of the 9th January first earth
the night where were you on the January
9th about 2 p.m.
coming out of the womb I guess we are
here visiting grandpa and grandma and
they have a special announcement that
they want to do grandma let me come
around over here real quick yeah I'm
gonna I'm gonna scoot you back over this
way I want you guys that get a little
closer I want you guys to scoot close
together and I want you to tell me why
today I want you to tell me why today is
such a very special day because we have
been Mara 69 years today 69 years
happy Anniversary guys congratulations
not many people can say that we're
striving for 70 going for 70 going
strong for 70 what do you have to say
about that grandpa you've been married
for 69 years
does the right one oh good that's a good
thing yeah so what's the secret what's
the secret to a happy successful
marriage refer to each other and Grandma
what's your secret love and forgive love
and forgive there you have it guys the
secret to a happy marriage is be fair to
each other and love and forgive and it
helps to be as cute as they are too so
that might be something
why are you smiling so much about have
fun together
Oh anti have fun together I guess you
got to have a little fun up in there
I'll try what you've got
we've got some time to work on those oh
they do this guy has just been Chrome
like crazy and he will get up on all
fours now like he will get up on his
feet yeah look it good whoa with Avene
grandma and grant all the land still
with it being Grandma and Grandpa 69
wedding anniversary we had to get him
something a little special and the store
didn't have flowers did you already tell
him that yes yeah I haven't told him
that but oh well we got so follow me
okay we're hey give this where's the car
okay you go man it was Jared and Matt's
deal anyway grandma if we wanted to give
you this to show you our love and
support and our in honor of your 69 your
wedding anniversary great door
nominees I don't know the 69 years the
years of my life this video yeah why do
you get silver bars I'm happy 69 69
wedding anniversary this pineapple is a
tribute your love and devotion and how
wonderful you are to us so it would have
been flowers but the store didn't have
flowers wonderful
it's a poky flower Oh
that pretty look happy anniversary well
I wish grandpa was here to celebrate
with us grandma grandma tell us how many
kids how many grandkids and how many
great grandkids what did you start by
getting married to Grandpa well we went
three years before we have a job we were
pretty worried but Gino's hey in the
entered in the war and it took a long
time for us to get pregnant but anyway
we got four beautiful children 18
grandchildren but they're married so I
say we have 36 33 great grandkids and
two more on the way oh my goodness yeah
that wonderful that is quite the family
tree wouldn't you say they're all
wonderful you don't have to say that
because I'm right here yeah I always say
bless your heart I do I think we've been
so blessed to have all these wonderful
kids yeah thank you for thank you for
marrying grandpa and having all of us be
with you without you guys we would not
be here right now telling us you
wouldn't know we would not be right here
having this pineapple this glorious
pineapple
it's a poky flower yeah wonderful wish
again happy Anniversary instead about
giving you something neat you were out
doing this
you caught us I was it was like a white
lie and sometimes those white lies are
okay because oh especially on sad bit oh
you caught me there everyone just ate
dinner
Jackson is finishing up his but I think
it's hardening about Marilyn
yeah everyone has dessert with ice cream
and anything so we want to give it we
want to give it acts a little whip thing
and see what he does dad's I'm curling
it oh that's so bad we're terrible
parents oh my goodness what are we gonna
do but it's just another form of dairy
right I think I'll be okay yeah what let
you know tomorrow
do you like it he's like yeah good
dinner
he's like oh well I got you so good on
the thing boy I feel so good ah guys
how do people not make out with their
babies aren't I so yummy and cute the
kids are in bed and we are just about
dead I am exhausted it wasn't even that
busy of a day we just it was a lot of
traveling so I'm exhausted what about
you Yeah right it was way busy and we
can't tell you guys that all of us fit
in our car that's an inside inside
behind the scenes inside the Actor's
Studio all the babies we got everyone in
it on the head of the car we have seven
people with an intro and a five person
car and we may or may not have driven
along why that didn't happen we're just
saying that we just want to joke with
you guys nothing illegal happened I
promise thanks for watching guys Emily
are you gonna do a handstand with Ellie
no okay it was good to see you
member
