hey guys you see all of these you see
all those letters yeah that's right
there's almost 50 of them 50 card pick
up I wrote all those thank-you letters
I've been writing thank-you letters all
morning which by the way how cool is
that picture jared is not helping at all
Jared he didn't write one of those he
didn't write one of these letters Jared
what you've gotta help me
jared is the worst you need to watch
this handsome men's club and he has like
all of these famous actors in this in
this video and they're talking just
about how handsome Nick oh hey shirts
off maybe you should be a nun takers
that's what I was gonna say but I should
be in the handsome men's club jimmy
kimmel maybe if you could be I wish
Jackson was old enough so Jared this is
my entry into the handsome men's club
you
Jared anyway has not helped me write any
thank-you letters but I will say he has
read every single one of them with me we
always read him and then I write him but
I guess I should write him because he's
always at work on stuff but I didn't
have a letter to write a thank-you to
this so thank you anyway I bet know you
better Jared come pick up these cards do
the 50 card pick up you are you enjoying
the view
no we need to get a lot of stamps
laughter I know we need to go to the
post office we need to get some stamps
doesn't this make you so grateful
I know thank you by grateful that people
are taking the time to write us letters
like I dumped it stamp it stamp it stamp
it stamp it did you just punch me in the
face
stamp it I am so grateful for these damn
fat
Steve do better system dammit hey I bet
you get there I didn't even know Oh
dudes parliament stamp it the outfit
pickup up again Jared yeah I've got to
go to work you go do it little turtle
she's just a little turtle you guys have
to check this out we just put Jackson
down for a nap and he's asleep already
but you have to look at
is positioning he sleeps in the funniest
positions ever so come check it out
I hope when he wakes up his hand doesn't
like get cut on those bars because
that's gonna be hilarious he will
probably cry he will probably cry when
he wakes up just kidding no he's you
just got his arm tickled in there that's
kind of funny there are the scale okay
here's a question how come all scales
are so different isn't all the same you
just stand on it and it weighs you and
tells you how much you weigh the more
expensive it is does it mean that it
will tell you that you actually wave
less hmm I don't know I have to pick up
a scale today they'll like you guys new
yesterday we went to the doctors and
when they weighed me I was pretty
shocked I was quite a bit under what I
was before I had Jackson and when I had
Jackson I was trying to gain weight
anyway I want to get a scale today
because I want to kind of keep track of
what I'm eating more and I want to keep
track of my weight gain because before I
try and have another baby when I go back
to the doctor if I have to go back to
the doctor I want to be able to tell on
everything that I've done that I've
gained weight or that I've lost weight
and I want to be able to tell them like
everything so everything about me the
next like from now until Jackson's a
year old I'm going to keep really good
track about so if and when I do go to
the doctor I don't have to play any
games I can just say this is what's been
going on this is what I need to do you
know stuff like that so anyway I got to
get a scale because I got to keep track
of everything I don't need anything too
fancy so I think this little twenty
dollar one will work it'll do the trick
still tell me how much I weigh and we're
good to go I've got my medicine I've got
my scale I've got my cute little baby
and we're good to go what in the world
what is going on who is in my house what
are you guys doing there's people in my
house and they're playing with my boy
what's going on hi guys how are you good
what are you guys doing oh is that so I
can really I think that's pretty
enjoyable don't you think hi buddy are
you having fun with Uncle Matt yeah
Uncle Matt listen guys my
brother sister-in-law and their kids
just gotten into town we are all going
to go up and see grandpa this weekend
and just kind of see how he's doing you
know get some visits in and everything
but we're gonna play we're gonna have
some fun we're gonna hang out it's been
how long has it been since we've seen
each other over a year it's been more
than a year since I've seen these cute
little kids hey Carter do you remember
um what was the video that Callie and I
made for you do you remember anyone did
you like it yeah what was your favorite
part about the dragon video oh my god oh
my gosh
I think that's in the behind the scenes
isn't it yeah that's not even an actual
dragon video what did you like about the
actual dragon video well we're gonna
hang out we're gonna have a lot of fun I
think we're gonna play Mario Kart does
that sound fun do you guys wanna play
Mario Kart
all in favor who wants to play Mario
Kart say yeah oh that was really
enthusiastic you guys are a lot of fun
what are you ladies doing in here this
looks yeah Emily you're making some
dinners dinner then what are you cooking
what are you making chicken scampi oh I
love me some chicken scampi Jackson is
like I have no idea who this guy is but
it kind of looks like yeah Mel's like
you what he must melt really good not
today
teacher I feel like it's about time that
Jared and I move into a house because we
officially cannot have more than another
couple here because we're trying to get
seats for kids and we're trying to get
seats for for adults and we literally
are taking up the
Jarrid actually my landlord saw me
yesterday and I was like scrubbing the
door I'm sure she like loves me who does
Wow who in the right mind scrubs the
door clean I know but we've got our
dinner made I bought all my stuff done
and cooked and my chickens cooked and
we're ready to eat
see that's what I'm excited for I cannot
wait we are having a good night here
playing some Mario Carter how are you
enjoying Mario oh good good I just
really want to be pleased that you want
to freeze people yeah and Elly what do
you think Jeff are you having fun what
do you think Drake yeah I'm fine yeah I
agree with that completely
yeah we're just playing Mario we're
having a good time Oh time's running out
you better hurry um we're gonna go ahead
in the vlog tonight and Matt and I Matt
is my brother here
I'm already between the good looks the
teeth the hair come on look at those
guys's we are going to do a handstand
contest right now and we're gonna see
who's who's gonna win okay so Natalie
pause the game real quick and we're
gonna do house Annie is there anything
that we need to talk about in the vlog
tonight make sure you get tickets for
vlogger fair if you guys are gonna go to
Seattle um are you okay did you do it
yeah okay boys you could it you gonna do
this handstand kid your hand soon
that was great nobody caveboys you do
yours yeah okay if our TV's gonna break
this is gonna be the week that it breaks
you tomorrow guys thanks for watching Oh
Matt oh you've been practicing uh whoa
boys
that is impressive
