good morning guys it's a brand new day
and we're going to say let's go out and
play and have some fun every how are you
on what's going on girl tell me I said
to the doctors Oh cuz you're not I don't
feel sick but I guess I have a little
sinus infection that's why I hide well
pop I feel like the family has been sick
the past couple days our best past
couple weeks but it's kind of been just
the same thing that's just been ongoing
but I feel like I got better does again
not sick anymore
but then all of a sudden like my ears
wouldn't pop and stuff anymore
that's weird well I hope you feel better
well okay I mean all we've been doing to
is shopping but we we're getting ready
for stuff we've got a lot of adventures
and I mean he's coming into town I gotta
go so see you later
oh okay bye I love you Wow I guess
that's how it goes
we are here at Old Navy Ellie is going
to get some shopping done she is in the
arena for a swimming suit that is one
thing that we are really excited about
when we go to vlogger fair and we go to
the hotel
the pool is where we're gonna be so I
always got to get a swimming suit I've
got to get some sunglasses and Jackson
here he needs to just hang out and have
some fun he's like what the heck is
going on what is that up there in that
corner okay let's go shop do you wanna
know a secret and this is something that
is more of a joke so I don't want you to
get offended Ellie okay okay no offense
I think I think you are just as picky
with shopping as I am with meeting I
think you are I think you're a pretty
pity I think you're a pretty picky
shopper and pity your pick I know I'm
picky well it's hard to be I'm it's hard
because like I hate shopping when I have
a time limit to like right now we
haven't 40 minutes and then Jared house
they're gonna work I'm not like our
whole day so pretty much dr. pointment
shopping Jarrett's gonna go to work and
then I'm gonna go home get medicine and
feel better so anyway yeah so I'm just
kinda having a hard time getting into
the whole shopping thing I think you
know still just picky though like if
even if we had something like Oh Ellie I
think that's gonna be super duper cute
you're like me I think that's okay gosh
Ellie let me look at your armpit hair
that's like yeah your armpit hair is
eyebrow I've had a rough morning that I
have anyone wanted to pick the camera up
because I feel like I've been rushed all
morning I've gone to appointments I got
my eyelashes removed Ellie is very
schedule oriented and feels like there's
pressure on the schedule it stresses her
out a lot so I'm trying to be as calm
and cool and nice as many like Ellie
look like your armpit hairs like my
heart was up and I was like I was like
looking we've had this conversation one
it's not many bad they already you guys
I'm Ellie it's actually not even that
it's not bad it's like I'm impressed I'm
impressed that you can grow armpit hair
that
okay we're here on a serious note on a
serious note Ellie just went to Ulta and
she went in and she got some things and
if you guys didn't know Ellie has a
YouTube channel
le docteur youtube.com slash yeah Eco
you're watching it you know that's style
bye Ellie where you're on style by Le
Maire jaren Ellie is that weird
you're on you're on youtube.com slash
style by LA but Ellie has her own
YouTube channel youtube.com slash Ellie
Meachem go subscribe to that right now
because she's gonna have her haul is
that what they call a whole of all of
the stuff that she's been getting and if
you want to know I do wax my armpits I
don't just let them grow out or so you
wax and I have a video about it so boom
if you want to learn how to watch your
armpits there's a video about that go
subscribe to Ellie's channel okay I have
been told time and time again that you
do not need to buy toys oh the lens
doesn't open on the way for your kids or
at least not many toys because they
don't even really play with them and
they don't even need to be entertained
but look what this kid has been playing
with for like 20 minutes
look Jackson no well now he wants the
camera cuz he sees that this seriously
Jackson has been the loving to play with
this little water bottle I've been just
cleaning up my house I have like a bunch
of boxes and a bunch of stuff that I
need to throw away but this little water
bottle he is down and he has just been
playing with it in the kitchen so I
don't really need to buy you many toys
cuz I forget that you don't even need to
play with them they just
place whatever comes your way and then
you're happy huh
Mira Devi's baby's staying there
impossible to write thank-you letters
with you helping me I'm sorry but you're
kind of not helping you're not as much
as I love you you're not
I've got pen right here I've got pen all
over my hand I keep writing thank-you
letters and Jackson keeps bumping my
hand with his head yeah your big ol head
you keep bumping me and this was such a
funny letter I was laughing so hard at
Raquel she not only wrote me this really
funny teeny-tiny to read letter but she
put these little Mickey Mouse's on this
and it was of Jackson learning how to do
a handstand and it's like mom I know how
to do this and then he starts running
and then I'm like no wait that's not it
anyway he he doesn't he ends up not
knowing how to do it and he ends up
twerking huh and she's like sorry that
Jackson had to go that low to twerk
sorry Ellie
anyway it was really funny so I'm
writing I've got all these thank-you
cards that are going out and I still
have a lot lot lot more so honestly
that's our day shopping and writing
thank-you letter so thank you guys and
trying to take care of this cute babe I
held him today and I just held him and
kissed him and he wasn't want me to kiss
him I think he was thinking I was gonna
suck his little nose burgers out and I
was like no I'm gonna hold you and I
just held him really tight and he
finally gave it and he was like fine
I'll let you kiss me and I kissed you in
case you in case you in case you you
loved it I just know you did huh
so yeah we're just waiting for Jared to
get off work Street this to Jackson and
we may get a ripped up letter because of
it but Jackson be proud of such a good
life and loving family and enjoy all the
adventures of life you can be so proud
of your family Jackson please remember
that lots of people all over the world
fall at cell
love with you that that your family
loves you and that the world is
beautiful enjoy every second of it love
from Germany from Lisa now though you
ripped her letter I think that Jackson
said thank you Lisa and dying mine the
brow with a giraffe has a unibrow thank
you that is so funny
Jackson none so far let's look at your
unibrow oh that's a wrap that's our day
Jared went to work and I don't even
remember everything I've done I did lose
my phone for like three or four hours so
I ended up just cleaning but I've got to
go to the grocery store I've got my bag
packed my shoes ready to go I have to go
buy a bunch of groceries and it's only
9:30 at night so my day is still just
getting started
Jared just got home some good times easy
Jared's gonna seen you guys destroy my
car is her
your daddy's rich and your mama's good
lucky you know where you getting your
looks from huh that's true I get from
hutch okay sorry about that
there you go I shall I show in this song
how did I do Jared you did great we are
gonna answer things you're a good
interview it's my turn okay hey guys
what's a wrap we'll see you tomorrow
do it to it Lars baby oh man you're
getting good oh you get one chance
that's the room yeah you get one chance
please be safe don't be out all night
okay
did your phone dad okay that's one thing
that no he has an issue with her phone
dies all of the time you need to get her
like a Mophie case or something okay
Elia I love you have a good night and
we'll see you later bye bye I want to
but we've got a baby here that we've got
to take care of and I feel like we
should do another handstand cuz we have
hourly entity bye I love you you're
beautiful you're wonderful you're
marvelous you're amazing you're
incredible you're fantastic you're
unbelievable an awesome pink bike it's
nighttime
