if you don't know where the grandkids
are you gotta find Jared what are you
doing what are you doing I'm trying to
show you shaving the Kogi's fit on the
mirror so I told who's getting you all
stuff to clean it up because Grandma and
Grandpa will look the no they won't
no we won't have spitting you clean your
mess up
what you use and dad's shaving kit today
I forgot is not home we're gonna use
mine okay
the job Cody that looks clean we won't
spit no more no more no good I get mad
at you hello I told him not to touch her
hoping not to do and then he goes minute
and spits on oh oh doors you do Eddie
didn't do it and it's a glutton this
what date again yeah we just want good
boy and sometimes it takes a couple
times to learn yeah hmm holy look at my
I didn't even get that let's try again
here ah you have to give one to Cody and
you have to say you're gonna be good for
Grandma grandpa right what did aunt only
just give you ah what are you gonna do
with that nice and easy
what are you gonna buy can you do that
face again
okay go get a bunch of code okay we're
gonna watch me give it to be good
yeah goodbye be good bye grandma
goodbye we love you we need to go to the
store oh no I'm gonna go to Sephora okay
yeah I ever go get my makeup on so much
makeup so many choices it's all so
beautiful dreaming Jackson I couldn't
find anything good at the Apple store so
we're here with Ellie at the Sephora
store and we ran into Michelle is that
your name it is so Michelle watches the
vlogs and we're like we ran into someone
who watches our phones that's so cool
something and she's like I looking at
polish I'm like thanks and then Jared
walked in Chioggia did you guys wait a
second
but no it's really good you're told you
thank you for saying something it's nice
to meet you officially so that's funny
so do we get a discount now yes are you
kidding don't do that to people that's
rude guys it's my day off right now we
just left City Creek and I was thinking
to myself my sunglasses are broken and I
have been sunglasses less since they
broke keep that one glass less sunglass
listlessness Legolas leggo Legolas leggo
Legolas I don't know this is a picture
of that summer even anyway let's lost
for a long I've lost my sunglasses and
I've been sunglass lifts you broken I
broke them so I've been looking around
for sunglasses and the funny thing is
like growing up I rarely ever wore
sunglasses because it's like I almost
have like a weird shape head and
sometimes Dale really yeah like
I am I like it I guess I have a narrow
face because sunglasses like never fit
my face so I'm trying to find some good
sunglasses like the ones I had before
those fossil ones they were like awesome
I love them because they fit my face
perfect and it wasn't like I had
sunglasses out to here
and just really weird looking but do you
guys have any recommendations ah glasses
what's going on girl you're driving
crazy oh it's not me girl a side road
ahead you know these people they just
don't know how to drive so I'm adapting
to the current situation
anywho zoals I I don't know what kind of
sunglasses I get I should get but I have
seen some of those wooden ones I think
Brian has them and Shea has him I
expected coffee yeah and they're cool
Ellie I'm not such a car a guy has a
target but he just got anyone so you got
a target and coffee and then get an one
just because I'm wearing a v-neck
doesn't mean I'm copying Brian but you
had your hair for some food I'm older
and I've been looking at you're older um
I have to get sunglasses too but I like
the ones that I got at Dillard's and
they were really cheap too they're like
20 bucks um let's check system
Jackson was sitting in the car seat and
is I think this is the first time it's
ever happened he was just laughing like
he was just straight-up
giggling to himself I know he was the
lab is funny he was shaking his arms and
he was laughing and I was like yeah self
entertainment good job son back out of
you speaking of target there's one right
there oh there it is there's target
we can go to that target I could go to
that target I wonder if they have big
balls look try and see if they have big
balls oh this is gonna get messy - this
is gonna get messy hold on to your hats
kids okay we gotta go we gotta go we
gotta go bye I just want to give you
guys nothing this is real life this is
what's actually happening in our given
situation right at this moment we were
in Salt Lake City which is about an all
it's like 45 minutes to an hour
depending on traffic back to where we
live at home and I really really have to
design think to myself holy cat I am
going to pull my pants just like Kelly
did I have to prove so bad and we've
still got another like 30 minutes and
I'm just like like I'm like oh man oh
man I'm gonna - so Ellie
maybe you should grab like Jax's diaper
oh my god oh my gosh again I got a bit
of a boo-boo
I've gotta find a man turn where's the
bathroom where's the bedroom where is it
where is it where is it there it is I
found it let's go
so Ellie I was thinking and as I was
running to the bathroom oh yeah I was
running to the bathroom like I was like
prairie-dogging and running Jared don't
say that but I was thinking as I was
running I was thinking to myself if we
had a word cloud of all of the words
that we say on our vlogs and each time
we said the word the word would get
bigger you've seen those word clouds I
was thinking I was like you know what
poop is probably one of the biggest ones
we talked a lot about poop going it's
funny though like a poop and food and
babies and then what's the word I'm
looking for banana bread I'm tired let's
go home guys well well well we find our
place in a place that we have not been
for a very long time or Lisa feels that
way I feel like we haven't been home I
know it feels good to be home do you
guys ever get home from like a vacation
not even a vacation just like you were
gone for like a day or two you're like I
feel home like I feel good being home I
love that feeling when you can just say
like it feels good to be home but anyway
I we just got back from you know
visiting grandpa
I'm visiting family and everything and I
feel like it was good we're definitely
going to be making up some more trips
here in a little bit especially because
more families coming into town I have a
brother who lives in Texas he was
driving up this weekend
wha and he has his two little kids the
kids that I made the dragon video that's
a throwback is that dragon video you
guys should check that out but him and
his family are coming up and we're going
to hang out and see grandpa again so
what's that no you did it yesterday with
a kiss but we um when we were out and
about I wanted to tell you guys I've had
and will probably spend a vlog talking
about this but I've had some really bad
like hip surgeries in the past and my
hip hasn't been hurting for a really
long time but today when we were walking
around we went we walked quite a bit
today and I had Jackson on me on the
carrier and today
like the first day and a long time that
my hip is just like really bothering me
and it sucks I'm like oh this pain this
is very familiar I don't like it very
much at all but we'll have to tell you
that story sometime about all my hip
surgeries but we're just sitting here
watching some daily bums shout out to
Brian Missy if you guys don't know who
they are
go subscribe to them we'll have a link
down below because we're gonna hang out
at vlogger fair and we can't wait to see
you guys if you guys are kind of a cup
of lager fair you guys if you use the
coupon down below you'll get 10% off
your tickets so check that out and know
we only have two weeks kay Jared oh my
take it away over vlogger fairs in two
weeks yeah holy shitballs I know okay
this week's we go by fast as a family
and then we have a week to prepare look
at that hello we're trying again that
was against notice I think we should for
now on only get one try good starting
now first try first try nice form I like
to look at your bun cheeks
oh you're getting mighty close to me ah
