bloom you don't even know it's funny but
do you just want to laugh
okay I gotta do your hair and then I'll
let you roll wherever you want and grab
myself but we got to do your hair first
oh you're so crazy oh I got on your
forehead there you go I think you look
good
Kate go roll around you have all this
place in the world to go okay you can go
anywhere you want
except grandma's room okay and the
stairs you can't go down the stairs
either you can go anywhere you want huh
good nope nope
not the stairs Jackson's having so much
fun at Grandma's it's so nice to like
put him on the floor and he can pretty
much go wherever he wants he was by the
piano earlier he was like under the
couches he can go anywhere because in
our place it's just so small so it's
kind of fun to just sit and watch him go
wherever he wants except the stairs kind
of because you don't know how to go down
those yet but it's been really fun Jared
just called me and said that he got off
work early with his presentation he did
his presentation and then they let him
go so he should actually be here soon
too so we are just getting our day
started how long what does grandma have
gone on over here kids where you guys
doing banana bread banana bread for
making banana bread how do you have the
bananas all mashed up already dang it I
missed it
yeah yeah
you like Jackson's hair done yeah should
we do yours
why oh yeah yeah yeah you have to yeah
yeah else it's all good banana bread oh
grandma okay grandma's throwing stuff
again grab it before grandma comes
actually grandma wouldn't care you can
take a look on there did you guys ever
lick the beaters yeah my mom always let
me like um it's not as good when it's
not chocolate though
oh that's the dig chocolate chip yeah I
don't have any of the lower ones lol
well the big ones are nice - okay I'm
gonna where they need to be a little
well no one extra chocolatey yeah yeah
because guess what my mom's going on it
Airport
I'm seeing Ramos your mom went to play
but little does she know we're actually
from her yeah no no he knows the grass
too well huh you know where it's at
Jackson the moment we put you on the
blanket he saw the grass and he's gonna
go and he's gonna get it once you have a
taste of grass you have to always go
back and get more not dirt I tell you
it's yummy yummy
there is not yummy now yeah our goal is
to push Olivia as high as we can so that
she can look the Leafs on grandma's tree
like Uncle Jared and I did the other day
you're not gonna get too scared okay can
you lick it yet
hi dad hi it's good to see ya
I bet ya I love this more than anything
in the world I love the sunshine the
wind blowing through the trees I just
think it's beautiful and it just feels
so relaxing and then of course I look to
my left and my sweet wife and my perfect
little boy are sitting on the swing he's
really he makes these funny sounds but
he is just like he sounds he's like ah
he like loves it he's having a good time
this is heaven to me I love it
except Cody and Olivia are here and
they're ruining everything
chocolate chips making banana bread oh
wait is the Benham banana bread gone are
you making it oh my gosh yep it's like
heaven just got better
it's like and do you like how that tips
in your butt I love chocolate chips in
my banana bread if they like chocolate
chips America man do you guys I don't
know ask young do you like chocolate
chips in your banana bread if ya leave a
comment down below the thing is like
banana bread is like one of the best
things that you could ever do combined
together but then someone had the
amazing idea of adding chocolate chips
banana bread dr. pepper could top it
with chocolate chips that would be so
good new idea for you guys
you guys are watching the lego movie Oh
guess what everything is awesome Panther
team everything is awesome II said he's
can Kevin good luck okay let's bust out
this banana bread that I've been hearing
so much about karate check okay don't
snatch it
yes oh not bad that's not a knife Ally
that's it oh look at that inside that
looks good dude oh geez oh man out of it
I want what do I get in trouble you guys
get away with it that's not fair that's
terrible that's horrible
sorry well okay I like better on mine -
do you like better on your banana bread
yeah okay just like it's straight-up
okra we'll give that to the kids sorry
Emily yes little gross Emily's already
having fun oh he's such a little boy he
loves the sound fickle what's up where's
where we can say that'll make him laugh
hippopotamus banana pumpernickel damn it
peach why is the most unfunny word in
the world dirt
homework recess Oh 10 what does that
mean
love that I love that you laughs babies
laugh is the best thing in the world to
me here's my backflip again see if I can
hold the camera steady what I spun on
that one see if I can do a standing tuck
ah
well guys it is time to say good night
Jared is doing something with the
grandkids
should we count from I got far we've
never been to Neverland for Peter Pan
said hold onto my hand
why together Oh instead of reading a
bedtime story I think to the kids he
talked a bedtime story to them is that
what you did I'm narrating a story to
music they loved it
guys do you want to help us in the vlog
what do we do should we tell him she was
shown the bathtub uh-huh show me that
and that we're gonna take that yeah yeah
cuz it's an amazing bathtub yeah I gotta
show you guys so my mom and dad they
they had to leave for a little bit
tonight they went and did a little
church thing and Jared and I are getting
all the kids to vent and then we are
taking the coolest the biggest bubble
bath ever a moment dad's tub who likes
mom and dad's tub is that weird
people used to call growing up and
they're like is your mom home and I'm
like nope she's in the shower and then
they're like Oh your dad home I'm like
nope he's in the shower and they're like
oh I always thought that was normal was
that normal for your parent um not
really my dad was like always would lock
the door whenever he'd go in the
bathroom even from my mom so it's kind
of interesting yeah but kind of funny I
can tell you one thing if we ever buy or
if we ever build a house the bathroom is
where we're gonna spend the most time
the most money because that thing is
gonna be decked out yo what do we do at
the end of the videos what do we get
yeah it's handstand time
oh good job Cody okay let's all do a
handstand on the count of three ready
thanks for watching today guys have a
wonderful day and come to vlogger fair
come see us a vlogger 50 go stand over
there okay ready yeah okay do a
handstand two three oh good job mama
