two chicken littles with no pickles
you're crazy little no pickles
I'm not crazy you're crazy girl you
don't know what you talk you're supposed
to always have pickles on your chicken
littles Oh when you get pickles on your
chicken littles you need some nickels to
pay for those pickles on your chicken
okay we're making another trip down to
see grandpa they moved him out of the
hospital which i think is a pretty good
sign so we're at this care center
facility and we're gonna go see how he's
doing and see if he's doing better see
if he's awake and then we're gonna look
at Ellie's booty Wow and we are just
traveling fuels we like packed up the
car today and we are I'm gonna stay at
my mom's house because I'm gonna help
babysit a couple of my nieces and
nephews I have meetings in Salt Lake
like all day tomorrow yeah so it's been
and then I have the next day off so yeah
pretty convenient that we can come up
and yeah but I think we're just gonna
make this vlog just really some shorts
Jordans just because Jared has to wake
up really early tomorrow but then after
that we're gonna have lots and lots of
fun with family first grandpa grandpa
the great writing whoa Sam Clemens
decided beeping hi
my grandpa's in my did a little pie they
putting you to work with physical
therapy how was that then how is that
bad do it what do they have you do Oh
each time oh really just different
things like that
okay
yeah you want us to go get you a Western
book where would you go store you want
some Louie little more yeah
we'll go get you some little more but
we'll get you a Western book how does
that sound okay oh don't worry about
that
sure yeah how many do you want okay how
fast you think you can read you think
you can bust out a book tonight what you
think you can bust out a book tonight
yeah okay well let's let's go get a book
I'll go get one
well if grandpa wants a Western book
that's exactly what he's gonna get I'm
gonna go to the store here see if I
can't find a Louis L'Amour or a Jane
Grey western book those are his favorite
authors so I'm gonna see if there's any
places nearby that'll have it so let's
go in and see what we can find who's the
biggest idiot in the world this guy I
totally forgot my wallet okay let's try
that one more time I've got two books
picked out none of which are
recognizable authors but they look
pretty good so I've got two by William
John Stone Texas John slaughter and the
family Jensen
so hopefully he'll like those what's I
think he's kind of to the point where
he'll just open the book and kind of
look at it and read it so I think he'll
like it I think just the gesture is kind
of nice so we'll see how it goes okay so
I've got the books I am ready to drive
back and meet up with Grandpa and Ellie
and Jackson but I can't help but think
at the care facility if you guys have
ever seen happy gilmore there's the
scene well a few scenes where happy go
Mars grandma is in the care facility
she's like oh my fingers hurt and Ben
Stiller's like oh that's too bad because
your back is gonna hurt in a second
because you just pulled Landscaping duty
yeah and I just like oh great vampires
in a care facility these crippled
landscaping duties back's gonna hurt all
day so I'm kind of nervous about how
things are gonna go hopefully he's not
gonna be in there too long with all the
physical therapy that's going on but
hopefully fingers crossed these books
that I got for grandpa are gonna be good
books something that he can enjoy and
help pass the time because sometimes it
just gets lonely there when you know
when you know grandma's not there when
he doesn't have the visitor you know
family members and everything so
hopefully these books will help and
let's both give them to him and send up
another
on the floor I look like Jackson with my
tongue out yeah
Neven sign it I didn't get you I didn't
find any little more but this William
Johnstone supposedly the best yeah the
best western writer of the 21st century
so right here you go which one you want
to start with
they look about the same to me what they
look about the same to me that's what
we're here for we're here to show more
support and our appreciation for you
because you've done so much for us
liquid table hands yeah and one for what
calories in there
I want to get a picture with you and
Jackson and me can we do that okay
grandpa
don't get caught pulling landscaping
duty okay what is that Lee it's from a
movie uh-huh I don't think grandpa get
liver but that's okay okay you're
supposed to laugh there you go
that'll work for me Oh grandpa we'll see
you we'll come back in a couple days
hmm okay appreciate it okay I hope my
doors take my school yeah the worm why
really you're so close me so like I want
I care Jackson has had so many late
nights it's crazy but at least he's
being a good boy for how many way nice
he's had he's been like a dream yeah
he's been so good it blows my mind
so let's feed you and put you to bed and
then we've got to go to bed because you
feed me and put me to bed because I'm so
tired
no jared has a presentation that he has
to do tonight and then he has to wake up
really early so we're gonna go ahead and
say goodbye for the night so Jeremy will
let you take a thought
I did a good hands down last night so I
gotcha tuck your cheeks in no that was
good nice balance balance keep the
quarter squeeze the corner guys we're
getting better at this
at the end of the year you guys are to
get sick of watching us
