in and out was probably my favorite like
fast-food restaurant and I think Jackson
is starting to at least get an idea he's
like huh that looks pretty tasty he's
trying to eat but every time he sees la
grab a fried it's like what in the world
aren't you doing it it's like that looks
way better than mine oh okay do it again
I love that he looks up at you that's
like my favorite thing no I wouldn't not
yet next week
what are you doing I'm gonna tell a
story about when Ellie and I were dating
we were here at this cafeteria in the
hospital yeah with Landon and Julie we
made dinner for them while they are at
work and we brought it here on
Valentine's Day
oh and and here's another funny story
Landon and I hope I'm okay - tell us I
don't see why not
but Landon actually proposed to Julie in
this cafe and Ellie's sister in this
cafeteria and my hospital in the
hospital that they worked at and Landon
asked me to play the guitar and sing for
them while he proposed in this cafeteria
so we sat at that table right there
when we made chicken and then Landon
proposed just right over there because
they met at a CNA place and they work
together in the hospital uh-huh they
work together like in hospitals ever
since they started dating and so that's
they're just kind of fitting living
together but we're gonna go up and see
Grampa now and see how he's doing
Jackson just will not let go of grandmas
finger he just wants to hold on forever
hold on I'm sure there's one around here
look at that he will not let go of you
grandma he must know that your aunt
grandma
there sure is something special about
great grandmas huh
they're great for a reason oh oh
he's like nah I just want to suck on her
finger now she has longer so how would
you say the elevator business has been
go on you're not going to jump
I guess its head round up and down still
here hi grandpa
yeah Jackson I came to give you some
kisses gosh
- say hi to Grandpa gray you smiling at
grandfather mm-hmm
been doing good we woke up this morning
and we thought it's been a while since
we've seen yet so we drove all the way
down and wanted to say why begins the
rest drawn ah yeah just an hour not very
long yeah I think we're gonna get ready
to face time with the family how are you
okay oh man desi just laying around
laying around
that's great peekaboo nice to see you
good to see you ah we just finished
visiting grandpa and so far things are
looking you know at least where we don't
have to worry too much that's what
that's me felt the feeling that I got
obviously he's still in the hospital but
he's he's doing good they're probably
gonna see if he's able to move to like a
rehabilitation facility but he just
never know it's you know it's kind of
those things that you just
as it comes you adapt to it so I am glad
that we made the trip down here to see
everyone it was good to see all the
family oh yeah my aunts and uncles that
I haven't seen in a while we're there
and my cousins who live up a few hours
away we're there so it was a lot of fun
to see them it's always good to see
family you know it's always fun to see
family and we're just right next to my
parents so I think we're gonna go make a
quick stop and say hi to them and then
we'll make the trip back home so you can
go work in the morning so I can go to
work in the morning so I can pay these
bills so you can put food on the table I
think you have a stinky bum hello let's
go change it I want you to bite those
leaves right there when you're on the
screen so I can touch you if I eat
come on get high or lose my jobs I can
fight it hang on because hang on with
your teeth yeah or just faceplant it
hahahaha cool huh huh huh that's really
cool Ali my turn kept jump off change
you a back foot do a back flip
oh my gosh you did it good job Oh harder
than it looks huh I got it myself what
he's not too high slow down dude come on
that was a wimpy bite
what are you sure
this is a thumbnail I can show you the
world shining shimmering splendid you're
my princess rod dad's logging no pimple
let's go our she's scary
yes huh we laugh Hilo I haven't appeared
but if you feel scary okay I won't laugh
this time okay
I'm gonna scare you but I'm not gonna
laugh huh good boy yeah really good boy
he's waiting for it wait it's gonna come
scary is a good sport that's my boy
tough as nails
good job son I'm proud of you well well
well what a night guys we just got back
what a good day good day to spend with
family to kind of reflect on life and
think about things um things are going
well we had a good time with Grandma and
Grandpa we'll just kind of see how
things are gone so I appreciate all the
comments that you guys have left about
him in the video and I told him about it
and I told grandma about it like thank
you guys like if we do really appreciate
it a couple things guys vloggerfair is
coming up in like 20 days I'm super
excited to see all of you guys who are
coming to meet all the other youtubers
that are going to be there it's going to
be so much fun you guys can register to
get tickets you go to the website I'll
have it down below if you enter the
coupon code le Jared you'll get a
discount for doing it it's like 10% off
I think
and it's just 10% off it's really really
cool so check that out because we want
to meet you guys like it's really cool
to see everyone in the video from like
the handstand video but we actually want
to meet you guys I think we might try
and do like an Ellie and Jared meetup
like outside of the Convention Center
maybe I don't know we'll talk about it
we'll think about it we'll play it by
ear we'll think about it guys well throw
it all up in the air we'll see how it
goes we're not we're not tied down you
can't tell me what to do we're gonna do
it maybe well think about it I'll get
back to you later okay guys thanks for
watching the video oh by the way do you
guys know Sam and Jenica you might want
to check their channel out I'll have it
linked down below they're awesome and
they're really tall or maybe we're just
really short anyway check them out you
got to keep the leg straight where
should I set this I'm gonna set it right
here don't mind the messy house guys
