okay buddy say good night to everybody
say good night this is my a vine there I
love that you're happy now Jackson had a
terrible night actually more this
morning but he was not doing very hot so
it's time for you now
okay let's spin the mobile whoo
say good night
so Jackson was like the biggest snotty
mix not arson of all time oh I just got
a text message never never never never
oh my grandpa's in the hospital oh geez
apparently our backyard is on fire the
mountain by where we live is on fire
right now so I'm on my way to work and I
wanted to show you guys this I'm
probably going to pull over here real
quick actually I'll just probably go in
this parking lot there are helicopters
and planes everywhere trying to drop
water on this fire like this is crazy
there's three of them right there holy
cow I gotta get this look you can see
there's a helicopter there looking
coming down to get some stuff there's an
airplane right there and then that whole
mountainside right there is on fire you
probably can't tell from the smoke but
it's all on fire right there and this is
like literally like a mile from our
house this is crazy look at all of that
look how crazy that is the whole
mountainside is on fire that whole
mountainside right there is on fire and
there are planes flying around
everywhere let me see if I can get one
here there's one coming over the
satellite dish right now and then a
bigger one coming over right there too
and then there's a bunch of helicopters
okay
that is crazy
this is the old camera so I'm not sure
how good that footage was at all if it
was blurry or not but honestly like
that's pretty scary like that the whole
hillside is on fire there's like five
planes and a couple helicopters flying
over trying to get that taken care of
there's like there's a bunch of people
at this high school over here just
sitting there and watching like it's
crazy
it makes me grateful for those people
who know how to do that kind of stuff
know how to fly planes know how to do
those things who are up all hours of the
night trying to contain this this fire
I'm not even sure where they're getting
the water from like is it a certain type
of you know make sure that they have to
do or is it just like water from the
lake because there's Utah Lake is just
right over there
I wonder if they're grabbing it from
there and just flying it back and forth
but it's crazy to me that you know these
disasters and I think I there was a
thunderstorm last night so I think this
has actually been going on since last
night from what I heard lightning struck
the hillside and that's how the fire
started
I could be totally wrong but that's from
what I heard but it makes me grateful
for like those first responders you know
people the firefighters all of those
people like what would hey what would
happen if we didn't have them you know
there gets crazy and then along with
that so I just got a text message saying
my grandpa's in the hospital and I'm not
really sure what to say I'm kind of like
you know it's to me it's like grandpa
he's 93 years old he's coming on like
the end of his life and it's kind of a
scary thing you know I grew up you know
grandpa was my hero he is my hero I what
am I saying speaking in past tense but
you know it's kind of a scary thing to
get a text message from you know mom's
and grandmas in the hospital keep them
in your thoughts and prayers that's all
I know so it's kind of like I'm you know
just in the middle of this and I have no
idea what's going on so I'm I'm kind of
scared right now for him but you know
wishing the best you know keeping them I
thought in our thoughts and prayers and
you know well I just have to see what's
happening next I'm awaiting an update
from my mom here soon so hopefully we
get some good news
hey guys do I sound any better today
that time of day again where I'm picking
up my house and I'm getting all my
laundry into the washer I gotta get up I
gotta get off my laundry what do you do
did there
Jackson was crawling out of the doorway
into the the hall and I would I picked
him up and he was like wanting to go in
the basket like he kept grabbing out I'm
like if you want to go and I guess you
can you like it in there
let's get him out but this little guys
gonna help me with the laundry today I
don't know Jared was talking to you guys
earlier but Jackson and I had a really
rough night I was up all night long
because my nose was stuffy and I
couldn't breathe
oh you spit up and that Jackson was up
all night long because his nose was
stuffy but I was able to blow my nose
and have medicine and poor little
Jackson wasn't so we got the humidifier
going and he's doing he's doing a little
bit better this morning but me and him
just are not out doing all that hot me
and you two seem to get sick and then
dad doesn't get sick
Jared always says he has a immune system
of a mongoose and he's like have you
ever heard of a mongoose get sick
getting sick
nope so I have the immune system of a
mongoose I don't know but anyway Jed
really doesn't get sick all that often
so anyway we're gonna do the house
chores and we're just gonna cuddle for
the rest of the day one thing that I'm
really glad about Jackson Lee so far
with foods is he has eaten everything
that I've given him except he really
doesn't seem to be a whole fan of
strawberries the like he'll he loves
watermelon
and right now he's eating sweet potatoes
and easy and bananas and like strawberry
banana baby food and applesauce like
he's been a pretty good eater I haven't
given him avocados yeah I actually
that's what I was gonna give him and I
forgot but he's just eating sweet
potatoes now and he really likes it yeah
I've given him baby food and I just
given him like the regular like banana
and mashed it up so I've kind of done
both that mostly baby food but he's
doing good somebody no longer wants to
lay in the bathtub anymore he just wants
to be on his hands and knees so now it's
the fun part now you can actually play
with toys
you know how fun is that Oh fun is so
weird to me like babies I feel like
Early's Jackson when he learned to roll
over in the tub because he's been like
crawling for a while no but he actually
will roll over in the tub now and the
first time he did it like I feel like he
knew that he wasn't supposed to get his
head in the water cuz like he rolled
over and it the water he could kind of
feel and he like I don't know that's
what all babies reactions are like but I
was like well that's interesting and
I've watched him in the tub and like if
his head ever gets too low he'll I might
get it up like if it ever gets to his
chin he'll lift his head up so I just
think it's really funny but it's really
fun ah now that Jackson can play the tub
it's really fun because you can put his
toys now so we have so much fun so I'm
driving home from work and this is
Michael song I hope you are so cool
so you can sing along I got to keep my
hands on the steering wheel so I do not
crash
I'm here I'm home from work back
together again Karen we're a happy
couple we're together yay yeah mm-hmm I
did I did try put a little lipstick on
his fur stuff before you gave up oh you
don't have to do that you just be your
psyche mind if I just
you've had a bad kind of day how can you
hear my voice is that better than this
morning
it is like 9:30 and we're just getting
started with our date night so I think I
bought some popcorn here we're gonna pop
some popcorn and look how much better I
have are you putting that whole thing in
there Valenti melted it has to get up oh
my gosh that's so much better
let's do it hey Moe bottom Oh bottom Oh
butter butt all day long so we're gonna
get this done and then I was like do or
watch a movie and then we're like by the
time we watch movie and edit well let's
just watch our YouTube show so we're
just gonna watch over it's kind of funny
though because I get just as much
entertainment from a movie than we do
our YouTube videos yeah so not our own
beauty haha
let's go on how vain would be would we
be ever like oh yeah let's just watch
our own YouTube videos all night long
Ellie hears me
above our dancing
we're going to pop some popcorn and
watch our YouTube videos all of our
friends who are on YouTube and and I'm
going to edit the video now we're going
to go to bed but actually tomorrow I
think what we're going to do is we're
going to drive up and visit my grandpa
in the hospital see how he's doing I
haven't heard any updates yet so I have
no idea what's going on so keep him in
your thoughts and prayers and we'll see
what's going on tomorrow
oh here it comes here it comes here it
comes a popcorn and butter add a butter
four days
you guys can't have popcorn without
butter right unless I guess it's kettle
corn kettle corn is my favorite I love
me some kettle corn and then just like
movie theater preference really good -
how are you feeling be honest be true to
yourself when you're telling me the
answer to this okay don't lie tell the
truth honestly I feel good
I just don't sound good like I think my
nose still is raw you feel pretty good
to me okay
woohoo oh you feel really good to me you
feel really good to me okay can you
match the handstand I did this morning
or yesterday so such a good hand side
yeah I'm really proud of myself
okay oh spec in my voice the approach is
very important I whip my hair back and
forth I with my level okay really
seriously let's do it to it baby no hey
oh cheese someone in the comment section
said coming from come coming from a
gymnast try keeping your legs together
pinch the quarter le pinch it in your
bum cheeks my cheeks will be squeezed
point your toes and keep your legs
together legs together no stop talking
I'm trying to give you advice and tips
and tricks that's a good one
good job okay say good night Kevin
by travelpod member
