hey yeah everybody does that sound like
the guy from The Simpsons how does he do
it
guys yeah I think even you're wearing a
shower cap that's okay
I died like you're a beautiful guy my
hair black is it no I think you should
go purple no I'm doing a deep
conditioning treatment no wait your
voice you must've seen my red nose and
without your flowers no I just think
that I just think that you deserve them
after everything that you've done for us
as a family
you deserve them I mean thank you how
they smell good I think that I think
there you like them because you like
colorful ones yeah thank you I wanted
you to have those I saw and I was like
I'm gonna get those for Ellie because
she deserves it and I got her a Reese's
Peanut Butter Cup and now I just posted
a picture on Instagram of some awesome
bottle Dr Pepper cuz you can't find that
anywhere you can't find bottled Dr
Pepper anywhere and a friend of mine at
work had one and I was just like oh
where did you get that and you're like I
got it at the store and just ranked on
the road I was like I am going and by
the time I got there they were out so we
had to settle for Pepsi with real sugar
made in Mexico so it's actually really
good but it's not near as good as what
the dr. pepper is so I'm kind of bummed
but that's like Ellie's favorite thing
is flowers and a Reese's Peanut Butter
Cup thanks so much and conditioning
treatment on my hair on to the cherry on
top is the deep conditioning treatments
okay so here's the thing guys Ellie
obviously is not feeling very well I am
exhausted I went to bed around 4:00 in
the morning and I woke up at 7:00 to go
to my meeting and then I finished
editing the vlog the 50000 handstand
video and then it failed on the upload
three times so I had to re-upload it and
I am just exhausted so you guys are
getting like a one-take I hope that's
okay but we just
because we had a really fun video the
other day with my parents and um YouTube
had a glitch like nobody was able to
watch it it didn't show up in anyone's
feeds like subscriber feeds so I'm gonna
put my hand up right here and on my hand
right here this is gonna be the way the
Scout motto be prepared if you guys
didn't know on my hand right here this
is gonna be the link to the video I want
you guys to go video watch it because we
had a wonderful time with Ellie's
parents and Jackson is stinking cute all
of the time so check that out please go
watch that video because like no one saw
it so like 2:00 in the morning editing
that video so I felt that I'm having
some late night guys we we love doing
the vlogs it's causing some late nights
but we're still having a lot of fun but
tonight are we're going to bed at 10:00
so we've got 40 minutes 40 minutes to
eat dinner to get it edited and uploaded
ok couple of business items here you
guys are getting a coupon for our
merchandise on spread sure calm it's
Ellie and Jared Fred sure calm you guys
if you buy two items you get free
standard shipping I know it works in the
United States I'm not sure if it works
internationally but I don't think it
does I it wasn't our thing like the
shirt company had this promotion going
on if it was our choice we would have
free shipping for all of you guys but
we'll figure it out for the future but
stay tuned because there's gonna be
another coupon that we're gonna throw
out you guys here soon so take advantage
of this and just know that we have
something in the works for you guys in
the future okay I can't really talk
about it right now
mostly because I don't know about it
right now no I would lie to you guys I
just don't know what else do we need to
talk about so yeah that's the other
thing we just want to thank you guys for
participating in our handstand video I
love it it was so much fun looking
through all the footage and seeing you
guys I know I've said it like five times
already but I just loved it and I got
like emotional just like seeing everyone
participate coming together as a
community so thank you thank you thank
you
and here's to so many more videos where
we can all just be a big happy family
family okay family take a bite of that
top right now with your mouth full Ellie
I need you to say the Pledge of
Allegiance right now show him your shirt
I want to see your shirt this is like I
love the design on this it's a little
hard I'm gonna do a good one
one of the last hand stands in the video
with my brother Nate and he's like Jared
you kind of suck at handstands so you
know you're gonna be jealous when you
see the one I did and the person who was
filming it cut it off really so you'll
never know how long it actually was okay
this one's this one's an attempt for
length okay
Ellie do you hate her when I say because
this is annoyed it was like in high
school and people would say your mom
your mom I was always like why are you
saying that like you sound stupid not
that you sound stupid
I sounds but it sounds stupid let us
know in the comments below
is that's what she said funny or is it
just stupid I think it's funny
Ellie thinks is stupid team Jared or
teen Ellie let us know but no
get you like straight those shoes on
hahaha that's good oh wow
