we have some exciting news we just hit
50,000 subscribers on YouTube can you
believe that yeah is Nessa will you just
say like this is exciting
this is exciting Wow do you guys want to
say something 55,000 Wow like literally
just hit it so we're like super fun so
thank you guys you're awesome
at the dollar celebrate we're getting a
Dollar Tree thanks guys appreciate that
guys we did it you did it thanks to you
guys we have 50,000 friends le we have
friends now one two three
guys I'll be like what the heck is going
on eyebrows we're really high up um guys
thank you
honestly like we feel roll out of my
heart yeah thank you guys this is put
the camera on me all right girl
I just think 50,000 subscribers later
you'd know by now than when I'm talking
you put the camera my face sorry it's
all right
are you so excited about anyway as I was
saying thank you guys like from the
bottom of our hearts like we wouldn't be
able to do this without you guys like we
wouldn't was I doing it we wouldn't be
able to do without you guys so thank you
like the whole reason this is happening
is because of you thank you
jinx yummy shake that's wrong Oh baby
honestly though I just got hot in here
we really appreciate it
I just can I tell him what I said when
we started the YouTube
yeah because I don't want like it to be
like all the numbers are not about
numbers bit but like oh they're gonna
don't hit the girls there's a car that
almost just hit some girls on but
something I mean the numbers I just I
think it's not necessary the number is
just like it's like a miles it's a
milestone it's a lot of numbers it's a
lot of you guys like numbers equipped
like a big does a lot of people well the
thing about it is like it's hard to
comprehend it's people that we get to
share our story and experience with and
that others get to share their story and
experience with us like we're a growing
community
it's just we're growing together that's
the coolest thing it's really cool but
something that when Jared I had started
and we're like wow we've got 60
subscribe what we got hundred well we
got 200 like it was just crazy hundred
people like to watch us that's the
craziest thing is like oh look at that
that's like an army truck it's like a
tank but something I hunted squirrel
what was I saying
do you hundred people like 200 people
like to watch us like our family didn't
even like to watch our videos yeah I
tell you the truth it took a while for
our families to be like to be one yeah
like thank you like universe and it
literally blown up literally
figuratively blows my mind that this is
happening right now and something that I
said when we had gotten like pod 200
around 500 people following us
I had told Jared one night I was like I
will be shocked if we ever get to 50,000
to me that like at the moment back then
and even now but especially a year ago
when we had Jackson I was just like
that's weird like that I don't think
that would happen and like it's here and
it's because of you guys so thank you
thank you very much like it we
appreciate it
but on the on a side note it really has
made Jared and I work together I told my
mom Jared and I have never had so much
fun together but on the other on
anything together until YouTube
no I'm kidding we have something fun to
do together they'd like to do ever so
think of us and get this
this little this giant tank here isn't
as cool-looking let me come up close
that's amazing I feel like Arnold
Schwarzenegger is going to pop out of
them and Rambo Sylvester Stallone
they're all going to come out of that
tank and like we're going to be in an
action movie and then we're going to
have to fight but then we realize that
none of our fighting will do anything
that we have to join forces together to
accomplish any good in the world that's
what's going to happen so here's the
situation Grandma and Grandpa well
grandpa's not here grandma has not seen
Jackson crawl yet so this is the
ultimate test this is proof that Jackson
can crawl grandma needs to see it here
he's like hopping he's frog-leaping me
bragging oh my gosh can you believe that
Jackson you're going like a yard an hour
Hey oh good burger definitely take after
your mom on that one
hahaha come get it
listen like I'll take those keys instead
I think those are from Howie or Haley
right yeah there you have a grandma or
your little grandson career dad having
pretty Brad now you when are you gonna
start walking dude know you can curl
alright when are you gonna start walking
that's what I'm waiting for
when can you start running what are you
gonna run a marathon with me know when
you run a marathon oh I should probably
get into shape first
mom has Jackson they're vacuuming
together
Jackson grab onto that start vacuum in
there you go good job
look at him go
he's holding on to it - that's my boy
helping out already so I have been
downloading all of the videos and
pictures for the 50000 handstand video
and I am super excited like we are so
excited to show you guys because these
videos are stinking cute and stinking
exciting and I love it and speaking of
exciting I've worn this shirt like every
day for the past three days because well
this is it's an awesome shirt and as
soon as I get home from work I don't
want to put on like a shirt that I'm
gonna wear I like a brand new shirt so I
just put on the one that I you know it's
just my exciting shirt so but that's the
end of the vlog for today but I think
we're gonna have this the celebration
video up I think we're gonna have up on
Friday it what if that's the goal that's
that's why I'm shooting for tomorrow is
my day off so I'm gonna be like an
editing mode I'm gonna edit like crazy
we have like what three hundred
submissions of pictures and videos so
there's a lot of editing so it would
have been ideal to have it up tomorrow
because today we hit the 50,000 but you
guys understand what Jared's work we
just can't do that so I think it'll be
up on Friday so keep your eye out for
that that's the goal we'll keep you guys
posted so mom do you have anything to
say this is exciting this is exciting we
have 50,000 subscribers thank you guys
honestly thank you thank you thank you
thank you I think we should end the vlog
mom do you wanna hand Sam oh ho no no no
okay lyric crap I'll come to a handstand
with him are we gonna do a man am I
gonna hit this fan do you think I'm tall
enough to good set
whoever pushes each other down first
wins oh the old nail is is good job dad
wedgie
