good morning guys it's Monday and that's
exciting
I was just going through some of the
footage that you guys sent for the
50,000 subscriber video and I just
thought it was the coolest thing ever
like Ellie and I are so grateful that we
can do YouTube and we have all of you
wonderful people watching our videos
that blows my mind but something that
even blew my mind even more that I was
just like this is so crazy to me I saw
your faces like I could see you guys I
see all of your your YouTube names or
Twitter names or Instagram names and
everything I don't necessarily always
see your face or hear your voice so it
was so cool to me to like actually see
you guys I was I saw a bunch of you guys
and it was the coolest thing to like
hear your voice to hear your crazy
Australian accents and British accents I
can't do accents what Baines Bal shall
try won't die um it was just so cool and
it just made me so grateful and it just
gave me another reason like this is why
we're doing what we're doing I love it
so thank you so much and again to show
you guys Ellie has hand written a bunch
of these thank-you cards there's a ton
here guys there is so many here this is
just like a few days worth too so like
she is busting her butt on these thank
you guys thank you guys for taking the
time to watch our videos for taking the
time to send us your stories we love
reading them I am so grateful for you
guys so thank you thank you so much I am
at the post office I have got to get
these sent in the mail because some of
them are international and that's gonna
take some time and I know you guys want
to see them so let's send them out shall
we okay guys here we go all of these
letters about to make the drop
travel safe my friends I always love
doing that
holy freaking cow guy so I just got back
from the post office I just dropped off
a bunch of thank-you cars at Le Rose all
by herself I did I did I even like
spread it all out so it looked pretty
cool
I'll put it yeah no I'll put a picture
right here of the picture that I took
anyway so I got to the post office and I
don't know like what are we like what do
we do what do we say with this I mean I
told him like we love hearing everyone's
stories but like when we get giant
packages and all of that stuff like you
guys don't have to we love it but you
don't have to do that like here's here's
a thing we love letters we love reading
letters look all three of these boxes
sorry the washer is like super loud stop
all three of these are here I'll show
you are chucked full
a lot of letters in this one is somewhat
filled with flutters it's just it's so
it makes it so much more real and
personal to me and I love it so if you
guys want to send letters we're totally
cool with that you guys don't have to
send like big extravagant things but
goes yeah it is so I got Jackson
Jackson's are taking a nap right now so
when I go home from work we're gonna
open it up and we're gonna have we'll
just make them look for it well we'll
just wake them up for it because that
he'll be fine it's like Christmas
morning for him right oh look at every
we have it oh man
look I'm a green beans to green beans
BBQ chicken corn on the cob oh ah the
pain oh my goodness it's so good it
hurts Ellie I am like so excited I need
to hurry and get ready for work so I can
eat some of this stuff it's okay they
need some time one time oh man they
still look so good
okay Ellie I have to get ready for work
okay you keep doing what you're doing
keep doing your thing keep looking good
I'm gonna get ready for work all right
okay ready one two three
what do you guys think I'm ready to rock
I'm ready to rock time later well got
raided welcome we're drunk I'm gonna
rock I'm ready Rock I'm gonna have a
good day
Ellie I have a question what so what
what do you guys think now this is this
is I don't know this is probably a dumb
question but I'm gonna ask it anyway
like would you guys be interested if we
actually got like a proper set up so
when Ellie and I played Mario that
actually like recorded the game and we
do like an in picture like of us playing
the game or would you guys be more
interested in like a music channel where
like I play the guitar and what
you answer that question I don't care
what anyone says I do care what you say
but you're gonna do a music channel not
Mario do you guys want Mario or music or
both both Wow you can't do both
not yet but maybe in the future if
that's something that we could do would
you guys want to see it that's all in
front of site your ally someone trying
to say that's a gourmet one I'm so
excited to partake of this delicious
manager prepared by your hands mmm
yesterday's of hungry we weren't that
hungry and we were really dizzy so okay
I've got to go to work I'm gonna put you
in the hands of le belly um which are so
nice oh yeah look at that
sorry I was that I was looking at your
butt I'm sorry you guys caught me again
I just think she's so beautiful guys
we'll see you later hot hot you know sad
it's so beautiful why is your face
turning red are you oh oh my goodness oh
my goodness
compliments to the freakin chef this is
so good it's corn I've washed my face
yet so I can do dads invitation better
do it do it do it
do you see how ridiculous you looked at
a nice in the nicest way possible I love
you that I'm so excited for the rodeo
tomorrow but seriously this corn is so
good I can't wait it's okay I don't need
chicken Justin looks like makes it look
good yeah oh man you just look so good
eating corn go away a lot of her guys I
love her
hey guys two things one look at my hair
my hair is growing back it's stopped
falling out I used to have here I'll
find a mirror I used to have like see
where this these little wispies are
coming in they used to be gone so I used
to be bald but look they're growing in
so now I'm not like going bald anymore
so that's cool news and a second I woke
up this morning with like the Rost
throat that I've ever had and my mom got
me like a couple like essential oils a
while ago but one of them was thieves
spray and it seriously is amazing it
works so good you can even like spray on
your toothbrushes like after you're sick
and it's supposed to like clean them but
and it's like the worst Christmas gift
you could ever get to spray in your
mouth it wasn't a Christmas gift but it
tastes like a Christmas gift that
probably makes no sense but like I was
looking at the ingredient and it has
like bark oil in it and I had like a
bunch of like oils in it but it's
seriously what is those little things
that people have at Christmastime and
it's like it smells and it's like a dry
plant I guess like it has like a bunch
of potpourri it seriously tastes like a
Christmas potpourri that you're spraying
in your mouth and it is horrendous
every time I spray it then I cop and gag
and it's disgusting but it works really
well so I've been spraying this in my
mouth a lot this morning and I just am
feeling blah right now it's just not
very fun so hopefully it gets better
really quick because it's not because I
try not to kiss Jackson and stuff when
I'm sick but how do you not kiss your
baby like I'm kissing his butt all the
time I kiss
feet I like kissing between his little
toesies like I just kiss him all the
time it's really hard not to kiss him
goodness it is a beautiful day to go on
a walk today and I have Jackson sitting
up in his stroller this time cuz you
should hide in me because usually he is
laying down and a lot of you guys like
righty have him lying down I was like I
don't know I really didn't know so
anyway and he's sitting up and we're
going on a nice little walk today well I
just got home from work and you know
what that means it's time for bed and
he's sleeping let's wake her up
oh hey beautiful how are you I was gonna
get Jackson out of bed but he's just
sleeping so well right he really does
I've been on Instagram a lot of people
have been asking me what tips can you
give so I think I'm gonna do a video for
my channel but he truly is such a good
sleeper but I worked with him really
hard at a young age like he was like a
month old I was like you're gonna sleep
good so yeah ever so we used lots of
benadryl lots of tylenol I'm kidding we
did not don't take me seriously guys I'm
just joking just pinched his legs really
we spanked him a lot until he no guys
don't do that don't take it so seriously
gosh yeah but now he he's doing really
good I was gonna wake him up but
honestly I think I'm just gonna go to
better after this way throughout really
Ellie's throat has been bothering her
and she's been telling me all day that
has been bothering her and maybe that's
why it's bothering you because you've
been telling me all day you know it was
me no I'm saying you can talk I wanna
read this letter
oh let me see it I love our people get
pictures of their family that's cute you
have a cute family oh no I've seen them
on Instagram I've seen those guys on
Instagram before Madison was diagnosed
with a rare seizure disorder please keep
us in your prayers oh we will Madison
beautiful family yeah we love you guys
I've seen you guys on Instagram really
you guys all odds thank you oh that's
cool little wristband contains weird and
wild flavors so I'm guessing these are
like the Harry Potter ones where they
have like I can't remember the name
Brian what is the
name of those those jellybeans from
Harry Potter um but I just by looking at
the picture it looks like dog food Oh
rotten eggs
toothpaste skunk earthworm who do a
video on that we're definitely gonna do
a video on that I think there's a
challenge so we'll have to do that yeah
we'll do a challenge video this is
exciting I can't wait to open it and
read it isn't that just the cutest
little giraffe you ever did see I just
want to put it in my pocket that's what
I want to do I just want to have that
draft and just like perch it on my
shoulder I'd read it yeah what if they
had like a a miniature giraffe that was
like tiny like a cat I think we would
get one like what well just like small
like a cat like a giraffe at what's
wrong with cat alley uh I don't like
cats what do you like dogs better is all
I don't like cats yeah anyway like if
there was a draft like this tall I would
totally want to get it if it was just
like this the head was giant let's be
honest if that was a real giraffe it
would probably fall over because of its
head huh that's cute Shelly you are so
cute I love this like this is the nicest
letter like the it was short sweet and
just like powerful and deep like I loved
it like it was so nice like just thank
you so much you are so great we are 147
subscribers as of right now away from
50,000 I can't believe it and like like
I said earlier it's crazy to me that now
that you guys have been sending us
videos it feels so much more real like I
have some tangible thing that I can look
at that I can hear and see like you guys
are real you're really there I need one
of you girls were so cute we replayed it
over and over over you'll have to see in
the video they are so cute you girls are
so funny I am so excited to edit this 50
thousand video because it is so fun to
see everyone um but with that we have so
much work ahead of us guys this is just
the beginning so we've got to put an end
to the vlog tonight
so we can get started on all of our fun
activities do you pick your nose I need
it okay let's stick it let's be honest
do you guys pick your nose and of those
I'm sorry those of those that pick your
nose do you guys need it let's be honest
I think everyone picks their nose oh
yeah I don't think it's I don't think
it's like people don't want to admit it
but I think everyone does I do I pick my
nose sometimes there's like a booger in
there and it's sharp and it hurts your
no it's like man I gotta get that out of
there are you gonna back here when you
get it out in the new washer then you
wash your hands and then you eat the
booger no okay guys thank you for
watching I hope that you guys had a good
day and I will see we and we and we will
see you guys tomorrow
okay here we go focus for 50000 baby
whoa-oh recover recover cheer oh my gosh
table
member
