don't pop the balloon it'll scare you
do not attempt this at home hey everyone
oh that's not very good is it
oh yeah I guess it is hey I don't want
to try it you my name is Jared I want to
try it
oh don't dig oh the second Harry it's
okay yo talk really loud what do you
want
No Wow deep deep oh it's lush I'm kind
of like hahaha
yeah are people gonna be mad at us for
doing this are people gonna throw us
know everyone did too as a kid it's our
cat hey we only let Jackson Jackson suck
up for a second
holy cow do i I don't sound like it at
all
what do you think about my voice guys as
I thought you're faking it no not at all
sorry guys this is our your one take
Sunday today we're sucking helium out of
balloons because we just had my voice
talk deep and loud you like hey guys
talk loud hey everyone how are you there
yeah girl voice yeah my voice everyone
it doesn't sound like it we're good I
guess we're done I don't don't thrash us
guys I'm sure everyone else sucked
helium we're gonna do it and we just did
it so there's nothing we can do about it
now I'm sorry if anyone's offended that
we stood out but Jackson didn't so he's
good so don't worry huh hi now our
battery is flashing Jared and we are up
in the canyon the beautiful Canyon we
just filmed some pretty sweet footage
for upcoming video coming up in the
future in the future yes in the year to
anyway guys it just feels really good to
be up here Jack Jared and I were just
talked about how beautiful it is and you
know we've been talking to you guys a
lot lately about like where do we want
to live ventually where do you want to
buy a house and I was like I really
don't want to move away from what we
have because I never really appreciated
it as much as I thought that I would
appreciate it like it doesn't make sense
like I never thought I was good I didn't
appreciate it until we started the
YouTube I guess yeah does that make
sense or did I
they just know it makes sense I think we
I think you don't know what you have
until it's gone
or until you actually go out and
appreciate it you know like it's not
something that you really you know
people are like oh you guys you live in
such a beautiful place
well we know that now because we're
experiencing it more I believe that
everywhere is beautiful you just have to
like go out like how many people live in
Seattle and have never been to Space
Needle is kind of like something like
that
yeah we're in st. Louis I've never been
to the arch yeah you know those type of
things
like you just you know it's it's more
like a touristy thing you live in New
York but you've never gone to the Statue
of Liberty um anyway it's starting to
rain and it's starting to thunder some
pretty crazy lightning for like let's
get out of here yeah so we're ready to
go Jackson's being a cute as a button
aren't you son you're so cute
you do cute little boy full what else
dared anything else
I mean Sunday's are just they're either
gonna be really short or they're just
gonna be a little one takers Oh a couple
things we need to take care we have to
take care of some business
speaking of Seattle vlogger fair you
guys get a special discount when you
sign up using our discount code it's
Ellie and Ellie jared is the discount
there's no and as just Ellie Jared yep
so we'll have it down below too in case
you need to like a look at it and also
today is the last day to get your
submissions in for the handstand video
okay so if you guys want to enter in a
handstand Jared will have a link down
below as well he goes step by step and
we tell you you can do a picture you can
do a video and guys it doesn't have to
strictly be a handstand I mean if you
can get pictures like yeah I just said
that I would I feel like we have to
reiterate we've already told you and
some people are still asking so you can
do a picture you can do some handstands
I mean if you can't do a handstand be
creative I can throw your hands up in
the air like you just don't care yeah
and wave it like you just don't care you
know um those are not guys inside of
here that's what she said I don't know
that's good enough right no I think
that'll be that'll work for now it's
still flashing red it's okay I'm gonna
show you the water real quick and then I
think we're gonna say goodbye I'm gonna
run show you the water cuz it's really
beautiful
I made it
oh don't fall le I think it's really
pretty right here how pretty is that oh
my gosh oh my goodness this is beautiful
Jared hasn't even been over here yet
like look how beautiful that is guys if
you walk along here so I dare Wow it's
cold
the how pretty is that anyway we're just
up here we're taking pictures
we filmed just like five minutes worth
of footage for another video and we're
having a happy Sunday we went to church
we came home we all took a nap
that's always fun taking naps on Sunday
well today is kind of just a rinky-dink
video sorry but we'll see you tomorrow I
want to try something this is gonna be a
little crazy okay okay right I might
embarrass myself here
oh you tried that was it that was it
does it what I guess we'll do better
tomorrow what see you guys you're right
I'm going nice guys good bye
by travelpod member
