I just got to the mall and I have one
wipe one wipe left for a huge poopy
diaper one wipe I have to be creative
and use this very wisely
it's all my fingers and tongue seat
hahahaha it's on the sea I got a cover
Jackson up look at that Jackson oh I
made a bad mistake I should have brought
the whole pack of wipes with me I found
my sleep sack that is long-sleeved and
guess what it has a giraffe on it but
it's way too warm for the summer it's
too soft and warm but how cute is that
I'm sure I'm not the only one out there
that likes to shop by themselves I like
to go with friends and family but when
I'm by myself I feel like I kind of
enjoy it more and I can take my time or
am I the only one that thinks that
instead of going out tonight for our
Saturday night date what we are going to
do tonight is we are going to stay home
and have a date night at home Jared I
don't think it's feeling all that well I
don't know how he's feeling right now
but earlier right before he went to work
he's like I don't know what it is but
it's in my stomach and that's going to
go one way or the other so I don't think
he feels all that well right now but I
am making chicken scampi when Jared and
I go to Olive Garden our favorite thing
to get is chicken scampi and so I've
been making it for a couple years but I
only make it kind of on special
occasions because it takes up every
single pot and pan in my house I've got
the chicken scampi seasoning going right
now that's just broth and a little bit
of white wine and Italian seasoning and
then I have my white sauce just to
thicken that sauce up I've got my water
going because I'm going to be putting my
noodles in there and then I have to cook
my bell peppers up and then I've got my
chicken in there cooking and the secret
to that that I just found like I don't
know a couple months ago is chicken
scampi seasoning I didn't know that you
could buy chicken scampi seasoning at
Walmart so I've got that cooking with a
little bit of like Italian dressing in
there so after it's all cooked and after
all my dishes are done we're going to be
able to eat oh man and there it is YUM
who doesn't look so good I cannot wait
to get at my mouth yummy
I can't wait to eat it hey lo so you're
coming at me no you two go do some
laundry go do some laundry oh oh no no
you gonna kiss me
playin the drums you play those drums
yeah you got poohbear now you got poo
all over yourself just like your mom and
dad good job
ah finally it's going to happen this is
real guys it's really gonna happen you
know oh no crazy hair stylist here we
are finally gonna work some more on a
bro it's about freakin time look how
nasty that is do you still love me with
my unibrow someone said I should grow it
out like Anthony Davis the basketball
player no he has like it's like his
trademark it's crazy but we get paid
lots of my fury unibrow then I'll do it
but I don't think ok let's get her dude
to my beard of Zeus oh my gosh look at
all that that's so gross
look it look it yeah hey a little yeah
your cross but tonight of my
and tonight you be home to me
I've got another one for you Jackson
this is what you're named after uh that
is not absolutely not what he is named
after it was a joke but it's gonna funny
take it back okay Jackson was not named
after the King of Pop Hey yeah his
versus a Miley Cyrus in my house hi a
beauty queen I'm a movie scene I said
don't mind but what do you mean I am the
one who danced on the floor and around
she says I am the one who will dance on
the floor and that's it Jackson time for
bed time while laying down
you are a good boy today like you are
every day
hold onto your dry friend good night I
love you okay let's play some Mario da I
died already
let's jump on your head oh just go back
just go by their goodness Rudy's oh oh
oh good job halfway mark yes
Oh balls oh shoot I'm literally the
words of this oh shoot ah Jimmy I
thought I could clear it oh oh you spoke
way too soon le
let's try that again okay Ali let's do
it to it
no no no I can't get it oh you lying
cheating stealing person yes three oh so
what I got a little excited I'm sorry oh
oh this is the bad this is a hard one I
thought we played this one we did but we
died remember Oh
how are you holding that yeah I didn't
do it tonight oh uh yeah how'd you get
that akin it's a door okay this one's
mine Oh II thank you oh we got
what I was like trying to jump off of
you and I didn't jump at all good job
Ellie we did it hey guys we're gonna end
the vlog for the night I hope you
enjoyed our day today I'm quick thing to
tell you guys we're going to have the
video the video that we did yesterday
Jared went very detailed and what you
should do to enter the handstand for our
50000 celebration video so go check that
out and another thing if you guys
haven't entered yet if you want to enter
another fun thing I was thinking up is
when you do your handsome you can say
where you're from if you want um anyway
we'll see you later guys see you
tomorrow thanks for watching I love you
