well son it's just me and you today
dad's at work and Jackson and I are
walking oops sorry
sending you guys Jackson and I are
walking to his doctor appointment right
now his six-month checkup and Jed's at
work so luckily his doctor is not very
far away that we can just walk to and
luckily it's a nice day so that I'm not
miserably hot or it's not raining or
anything so that's good too
19 pounds 27 inches long you're getting
big son you're huge 19 pounds
look you got dimples on the front of
your legs that grandpa makes fun of you
about your so chunky I love it I was a
little sad that Jarrod wasn't there
today they had to prick his prick his
little leg but look you got a call what
band-aid is that so like what the heck
what band-aid is that oh that's weird I
don't know but they gave him a cool
little band-aid cuz they pricked his
little leg and and he did really well
like he just was like oh I just wind a
little bit but like he didn't flip out
and scream and cry I would have so I'm
proud of you good job let's take that
paper away ahh
I am this close to being done with all
my thank-you cards I have about 25 cards
right here that I have already written
that I'm gonna send to you guys there's
one where is that one front holy crapola
there's one from Ireland Australia
Canada Missouri they're from all over so
thank you guys I just have and several
more letters to go through oh this one I
was going to show you guys I have
several more letters to go through
Jackson okay if one of you guys get a
ripped up letter it's because of Jackson
but somebody drew this thank you I just
wrote your thank-you letter too so wow
that is an amazing drawing so thank you
guys so much
good job son oh crap huh that's another
thing I told the doctor I was like he is
starting to army crawl and my doctor was
like I am impressed he's like most
babies don't start their start that
until like eight or nine months or even
further he's like good job like he was
very impressed and I am impressed - good
job you crawling eating sleeping fool
you with your long tongue good job it's
the freakin weekend Vinny I'm about to
have me some fun hey guys it is Friday
and I'm so excited because I am done
with work and we were gonna go on a hike
and there's waterful and I'm excited
it's really really cool and I'm kind of
tired though because I've been working
like all day I'm excited to be out of
the house I'm excited to be out of the
office hanging out with my little family
um eyebrow watch 2014
my eyebrows are still there bad they're
so bad we plugged in the pot again last
night to accent and it's just like only
a sudden it came to like it was midnight
and we're like oh let's go to bed let's
go to bed this sucks
why is hair on your head completely
normal but hair off your head is so
gross why is that why do people hate
hair off of your head but love to touch
hair want on your head yeah that's weird
why is that what do you think that
that's what I put so we're at it um okay
we can do that are you serious why not
do you want to I you know I was make for
a good footage I would say you watch my
chest but I don't have a lot of chest
hair actually I'm probably Jodie has
like four hairs now so I guess every
time we have a baby he'll get four hairs
I'm becoming a man we just started on a
trail this is the grotto or grotto trail
grow toes at hey say it grow toe trail
that's everybody brother rat why how
does that even write it how is that even
relatable I have no idea but again I
just can't get over this like this is so
gorgeous this is so gorgeous
oh sorry you know I've had these pants
since junior high
holy Hannah Mont frickin Tana um don't
say that oh my goodness so much damn
high this is the best purchase ever be
that Ergo baby carrier yeah it's cool
because if it's both of us I like that a
lot so we can just be like yeah you can
carry Jackson oh I'll carry Jackson and
then also goes on you can do it on the
back too like a backpack so it's like
really versatile so I like that look
it's just like comfy sitting here you're
just hanging out
you
and we made it that was actually not bad
at all very it was like oh yeah yeah it
was a lot of shorter than I thought but
like this Cove right here I think is so
cool take a look I just think this is
awesome
we need to boost the saturation up on
the camera oh my goodness we are finding
underwear every vacation we go on now I
don't pick it up again oh my goodness is
look at that though isn't that so cool I
do too do you think there's a way to get
up there I'm not even sure if they can
hear us right now because the waterfalls
really loud but look at this look at
this hole I think this is so cool
alright alright oh my gosh more
underwear look at that there's other
work everywhere
maybe we should leave our underwear here
is that like a thing that you could do
Haley this is probably like one of my
favorite hike because it wasn't hard and
they have a bunch of little cold a bunch
of little walks that catwalk this offset
catwalks like that make it a little bit
easier for us but that was cool I think
it's a lot of fun
oh man Jared's gonna do a handstand in
the waterfall
do it in the waterfall to be freezing
cold
all right mr. cow how are you how are
you mr. cow something that you guys
don't know about me maybe you do is I
like my dream my goal before I die I
would love to own maybe a couple acres
at least an acre and I would love to
have cows and then use like raise the
cows and then use the cow for meat and I
would love to do that and there's just
something like in your blood or
something you know like Jared's mom she
grew up on a farm my mom grew up on a
farm and the closest thing the taste
that I got was I was able to raise
chickens but I just there's something
about cows that I love so Ellie loves
cows don't show me at all buddy clothes
on but something that I told Jeremy we
got married I was like this is what I
want and someday I hope to have that so
I'll tell you what I want what I really
really want
let me believe me I wanna ha i wanna ha
i wanna really really really really
think about that okay so a couple of you
guys well a lot of you guys i should say
have had some questions about wetransfer
first of all thank you Brian and Missy
for letting us copy you using Lea
transfer because it is freakin amazing
so something you guys had some questions
it's not working too well for you guys
so I wanted to sit down at the computer
and just show you how to do a show you
what I do so let's cut to that clip
right now so I am on my computer
obviously you can see here that I'm on
my computer and I am on the wetransfer
comm website so WWE transfer comm - send
us a video over here you'll see this
white little box here and this is where
you're gonna do everything you really
can ignore everything else on the screen
oh look it just changed colors oh she's
so pretty with her white lips and
everything like that and she's in the
field of flowers it's so cute
go ahead and agree to the terms and
conditions and what we're going to do is
we're going to add files okay so what
you do is just click add files or you
can just go to your desktop and grab it
here I've got this cool little video
here
the my heart will go on you guys have
seen this it's a funny little clip that
Ellie and I did so I'm just going to
pretend like this is my handstand video
I'm going to click open there and then
you can see oh there's a let's say you
can enter an email address so I'm going
to write Jared and Ellie add gmail.com
and then right here you will type in
your email address so my email address
is Jared and Ellie and gmail.com and
then I'm going to write a little message
it says oh and then I will hit transfer
it's going to upload it's going to take
a little while there you can see the
timer or the percentage is going up once
it reaches a hundred percent it will
transfer and you have officially sent us
your video transfer complete you did it
expect a confirmation email in your
inbox shortly ok done that is all you
guys need to do don't worry about the 10
gigabytes that we transfer plus that's
just them trying to get premium
subscribers and everything like that you
don't have to do that everything that
you need is in this white little box
right there ok so I hope this was
helpful and back to the flow so that's a
good explanation of what you guys need
to do for the wetransfer k we can't do
Instagram we can do Twitter I'm sorry
you've got to use this transfer because
one it's going to make sure the quality
is really really good too it's not going
to overload our email servers and
everything like that I know we're using
Gmail but we have space that we want to
keep you know it's ours not yours and
ours just kidding but use wetransfer
because it's awesome um and it just
helps editing because you know it's just
for crazy with full time work and stuff
so just editing wise it's easier so much
easier in one space one place I don't
know what else you guys oh do pictures
yeah if you guys want to do pictures you
can use videos I mean do what you want
if you just weren't
we're not going to be super strict on it
if you guys want to do a handset if you
don't if you just want to send a message
if you just want to say hey that's some
great relations we love you do something
you don't have to say all over just I
mean yeah there's not really a big
template you know just have fun just
have fun with it guys be crazy be fun
and exciting another thing that I wanted
to mention some of you guys have met us
in person a couple of you guys yesterday
I ran into so I'm gonna put a picture
there shout out to you guys because it
was a lot of fun meeting you especially
the two little girls you know who you
are I'm pointing to you Kinley Kay a lot
of fun so if you guys see us in person
come stop and say hello because honestly
we're probably a little bit more excited
than you are because that's just fun to
meet you guys so okay thank you guys for
watching and we'll see you guys tomorrow
buh-bye oh that's good one
member
