thank you much you're thinking with your
lights at your q45 Karthik chicken
burrito right no thank you
oh all right what can I get started for
you can I get a half pound rice bean and
cheese burrito green sauce and and can
we get a cup of water with that as well
- does that burrito come
okay and you wanted a water okay what
else sorry um does that does that
burrito come with a bottle do sauce a
lot of green no the the Bartle do sauce
nevermind sorry no it's okay I think
that's it okay no I have that thank you
was that okay : did I do okay she only
said it twice she's like I don't even
know what you're saying hey at least you
got something about a lot of green sauce
on there borrowed it sauce a lot of
green sauce kind of makes sense bottle
do barn will do Bartle do we're doing
Acadian : log out here just trying to
match up to what they are wait let me do
this I love it I honestly think it is
sad when he does that Ellie loves
Skeeter more than anyone : you better
watch out you have some competition with
Skeeter yeah Ellie loves Skeeter look at
this unibrow right now guys look how bad
that is it is like so bad it's not
focusing so many hairs there's so many
hairs that I have to focus on
oh my Hannah Montana we're gonna watch
battle boy first thing we've been
waiting I've been waiting like three
days to do we get the wax pot out and
then it's like I'm just we're just too
tired let's just go to bed we'll do
tomorrow
I've had a busy day look at my eyelashes
do they look
voluminous the modulus I got them done
today
I really they're driving me crazy right
now let me look at him
don't don't touch on they look really
good and they smell good yeah this is
like another milestone he's sitting up
all by himself
you're totally sitting that you are sick
MA now you're just really mean well I'm
just leaning on your belly he's got a
pretty big belly to lean on yeah and a
pretty big head to kind of talk too
heavy
ah Jackie daddy hey I want to make funny
faces on you tttt tttt did daddy say
Dada Dada Dada Dada uh-oh Jackson let me
look at your face I mean look at your
hair on I his eyes are turning round
your hair is out of this world
holy surfboard Jared that's in ten don't
be jealous of my hair let me see your
hair I don't think I want it to be like
that I don't think I want you to part it
like that how about this what if we just
do like this it's okay you you girl
hey guys we need to have a talk
Eliott we need to be totally serious hi
guys doing the Nintendo denim mmm
doo-doo-doo we've been playing a little
too much Mario guys guys we really
really need your help okay
everyone everyone go sit down if you're
not sitting down take a seat Ellie take
a seat okay
listen close listen good we need your
help
okay we need your help a lot guys you
guys the reason why we're celebrating we
are gonna have a celebration shortly
here guys we are so close to 50,000
subscribers and we want to do something
fun and exciting and amazing and
incredible and awesome
sorry it's not that cool guys it's
really not that cool but it is kind of
cool we want to make a special video and
we want you guys to be a part of it q
I'm speechless what do I say I don't
know we want you guys to be a part of it
we want to make a special video
including you guys of everyone doing
handstands now we realize that not
everyone can do a handstand so if you
guys don't want to do a handstand can't
do a handstand we want you guys to just
throw your arms up in the air maybe even
film the camera upside down and just say
something cool say something fun Sam say
something exciting we want to get a
bunch of people doing handstands on our
50,000 subscriber video your family and
your dog cat dance you can make it fun
creative um you can say something you
don't have to say something but we just
want your guys's and put want you guys
be in the video we may not be able to
have everybody in the video and but
that's okay and we'll make you in other
videos so here's how this is gonna work
we need you guys to submit videos and
down in the description below we are
gonna have instructions on what to do
we're gonna use the Wii transfer website
or application you can download it on
your phone
film a video 10 seconds doesn't have
be very long you want to do it like this
and not like Mac Mac man do not do it up
like that we your soldiers put it in the
vlog if it's this way if your phone is
like that or your video cameras like
that then we're gonna throw it away
but if it's like this oh you just got a
tweet then you are good you are golden
you are great you are grand and you're
wonderful okay I'm sorry I didn't mean
to lie I'm sorry guys I'm not a liar I
promise okay so to sum up we want you
guys to be in a video celebrating 50,000
subscribers - we want you guys to send
us a video of you guys doing a handstand
using the Wii transfer website like I
said it's gonna be down below you can
also use the application on your
smartphone make sure the video is in
landscape mode do not do portrait I just
caught myself there make sure it's the
landscape so it's wider than it is tall
say something fun say something cool say
something exciting we're gonna have a
great video put some music and you have
four days to get this done okay it's
Friday
we have Saturday Sunday and Monday so
Friday Saturday Sunday and Monday to get
this done okay
just so fast this this it's honestly
like I'm so excited it's because of you
guys that it went so fast and we're just
so excited I was really laughing the
jacks actually waited quiet cuz we're
trying to get quite seriously okay we're
gonna end the vlog with the hands down I
think it has to be really good because
I'm following it because I think I have
to be really good because we just talked
about it so take it away I like your
pants by the way oh nice imma kill it
see you guys thank you
