I always find this guy right next to the
heater vent I think he really is
attracted to the air that comes up
because he always puts his face over it
you loves it always find it always crawl
into the smallest place just to put your
head over that
you know when you do daily vlogs you
have to have one thing what one thing is
that camera camera oh I guess that's one
thing you have to have good internet and
and so we are gonna go try and bribe
this internet company to give us a steal
of a deal I doubt it's gonna happen but
you can ask right yeah never hurts to
ask for free Internet
just kidding they would never do that
bean bags they are just his size top of
squat little guy maybe we should take
one yeah can we have one of those onto
our bills about we can't get free
internet guys they're gonna make us pay
money for these bad guys so sad just
came in Astro free Internet we're just
seeing if we could get a better deal
should unlock the car for you we're
trying to see if we could get a better
deal and we already I guess have the
best deal there is so a lot of people
are probably like Comcast that's
terrible Jerrod you suck as a person in
a human boy Comcast a lot of people
don't like Comcast at all we have had
nothing but net good things to talk yeah
how do you got a couple what I love it
on your contract they've treated us
really really well and it's the only
place in where we live that we can
actually get Internet above like 2
megabits per second and we have 50 so
it's it's really really good Internet
and we have like a really really good
deal that we worked out like two years
ago and it's been the same ever since so
it's if they've been really really good
to us I know a lot of people have had
problems with them before but they've
been really good to us like yeah why not
problems or not I just I hate contracts
I wonder
if this Walmart has the s'more Ritz
crackers let's take a look and nope that
makes me angry Ellie careful sure you're
out of control Ellie she's out of
control Jackson she has had control he's
like mom is out of control what is going
on my gosh dang it when are we gonna
find those what if someone sent us a
picture and we're like where in the
world did you find those and they're
like oh just at the grocery store and
we've been to the grocery store and they
don't have them and that's all I want in
the world is Ritz crackers with s'more
filling that's all I want
Ellie that's all I want no no we already
have the WiiU I'm just looking I'm
looking for a button okay
way to go some guys think it's crazy
that girls like their way of shopping I
guess I don't know but I think it's kind
of weird how guy is shot because we
already have a flat-screen TV we already
have a Wii U we already have it's just
windows me that's a high chair always
goes by and looks at the TVs that's just
for TV it's just fun guy stuff you look
at makeup more than I look at this stuff
okay that is not true would you agree
okay you're right see I just find it
funny I find you feet but that's cuz I
always want more better makeup but
you're happy with the TV that we have
but you want more better makeup and I
want more bigger TVs know you're happy
is the TV we have then you're happy with
the maker so Jared and I are just coming
home from errand and we just listened to
an 8-minute annoying a phone call that
went viral
it's the comcastic service disconnection
have you guys heard it now we feel
really stupid for what we just said but
but at the same time Stan's like we we
have had any issues I mean and that's
the thing is we should get getting paid
we kept talking about Comcast
you you get dipped you go to different
stores no you got to different locations
you get different service with different
people it's all about the people not
necessarily yeah but I cannot believe
that phone call have you guys heard that
phone call it's horrendous
and really annoying and it wasn't the
company it was just just like a guy
working for him just knew I'm not gonna
lie to you guys I feel like a hot mess
today I was gonna tell you guys all the
stuff that's been going crazy and then I
lost the camera
I lost the camera so I'm using this one
my little red pink one or what a like
red yeah your red I'm using my red
camera because I don't know where our
main vlogging camera went I feel like a
hot mess for many reasons I had to take
charge of work so I know tonight it's
going to be a crazy night because you
know Jared always gets off work quite
late which means Jackson is probably
going to be up late and we came home
yesterday from my parents house and I
did my mom's nails and as you can see
like every little bottle that I have is
like it's like melted and I had some
like like acetone stuff in my car in my
package of all my nails stuff and it
dripped I guess and like all over my
nail stuff is like deformed and melted
and there's like still a little bit of
dry throw-up I know it's disgusting in
the car that I need to clean up and then
I was just doing laundry and there's gum
in my dryer like chair go through the
cameras I found it it was in the
bathroom why was it in the bathroom um
found the camera and that's good but
there's dry gun in my dryer and the only
thing I this happened like a year ago
where there was a ton of gum and our
dryer and I do like all these stuff to
get the gum out but the theme that was
the best is a dryer sheet like if you
use a dryer sheet on gonna lots of huge
piece and you like go back for forever
see now it's gone you just have to like
scrub it with a dryer sheet and that
huge spot is gone so now I just have the
rest of the dryer to do the see it comes
off pretty good you kind of have to
scrub it I'm on the way to feeling much
much better I have one more little chore
and then I will be happy for the rest of
the day but can you see that huge stain
kind of is uh-oh I just have to spray it
and remove it and then I'll feel much
better because that is throw-up
dried throw-up that's really disgusting
I know let me see if you can scoot I'm
going to give you two little spoons
scooting Oh Mike jared is gonna die
jared is gonna die ah should we try it
one more time I'm so proud of you for
getting on oh my gosh gosh Ewert soon
huh one more time one more time no I'm
done you're done you showed me three
times and you're done
you can do it you can do you are so cute
I love you guys that is the funniest
thing he learned this overnight he was
not doing this at my parents house
yesterday
overnight he learned how to like push
his legs and scoot it oh gosh
you like flew in the air
it's official you're on the move he's so
over me doing that one more time no give
me or one more time guys I'm so proud
I'm so proud of you son
I'm so proud you little carrot eating
crowing scoot and pooping fool
I'm so proud ha ha ha I don't know I
checked your eyes you say I don't know
why I'm so proud yes I am it's because
like just six months ago you just
couldn't do anything and now you oh now
you're trying to crawl toward everything
um guys I am so excited that Jackson is
just on the move now and I think I'm
gonna let you guys go ah my hair oh I'm
gonna let you guys go now
um I am gonna go hang out with some
girlfriends we're gonna go get a baby
shower gift I'm gonna go to a baby
shower and then we are gonna pick daddy
up from work and you're gonna stay up
late should we do an all-nighter
together do you want to sleep in my bed
and pop popcorn too that would be fine
Deadwood you fool so yeah I get you guys
go and Jared and I will check back with
you guys in just a little bit okay dad
is my little boy he's like hugging you
now that you're so sweet yes he's like
hugging you his eyebrows are out of this
world though now that you are home I
need to see this I am going to lay his
fall down and watch him crawl I need to
see this I posted it I posted it a lot
of my friends were like that's not like
almost crawling that's considered
crawling so baby proof time so let's
let's put your bottle here how far why
should I put him Oh like over here no no
do you think he can crawl off the couch
already yeah he'll learn he'll learn the
hard way all right okay check see huh
you get the bottle Hey he just wants to
see he just wants to see me hey I'm so
import
in his life maybe sons stand in front of
the bottle he just woke up too bad I
know you tired in a daze oh come get the
bottom maybe we should use the
silverware look move the bottle checks
in you like start crying ah oh my
goodness he is like not moving are you
camera shy
mom
I love it
my love is that I love it he's using a
Bible and army crawling oh my goodness
Jackson I am so proud of you
I am so proud of you Jackson dude I just
had like deja vu like I saw a last video
remember when we filmed him rolling over
for the first time and you picked him up
and you're like son and I was like dude
don't pick him up now we're filming you
crawling son is moving away too fast
Jackson okay let's do it again you tried
there you go son
that is amazing good job is amazing up
overnight
so Guyver freaking night good job son
good job you know when we 20 min dad's
house the past couple of vlogs and my
dad saw the Jackson was kind of on his
hands and knees and my dad's like it's
just a matter of days like any day now
and I was like yeah and I was like I
don't know though cuz he's been on his
hands and knees for a while now
literally overnight overnight I was like
holy crap you can move like holy crap
you can move you can move you can move
you can move you're my little boy and
you can move move move I'm so proud of
yoga okay
he's worked out a lot he doesn't go to
bed I know well we're gonna go ahead and
say goodbye and we are coming up on
50,000 and something that Jared night we
really need to be better at is like I
mean every every one of you guys is like
a new milestone but it's huge but like I
feel like 50,000 like looking at it in a
number wise and like is like people why
is it that's huge like that's a big
accomplishment
into 50,000 people and put it in one
room you have to have a pretty huge
freaking room to fit that many people
that's like a stadium
yeah Jackson agrees it is so I don't
know like I don't think we needed to do
anything like too crazy or anything but
something fun I think maybe it'd be fun
if I mean we've been kind of big into
handstand so maybe what gave that away
no maybe if we got like pictures and
videos of you guys submitting that we
could make like a huge collage of people
doing videos of pants and uh you know I
think that would be really fun I think
so too I think I think a video of people
doing handstands would be sweet and it
would be like we would use it as a vlog
so like what would be our 50,000
subscribers celebration extravaganza
yeah our tea time and I think I think
the video part would be more fun I mean
the pictures would be fun too but maybe
if we could get like a mix of both of
them we would make like a collage so if
we're gonna do it we really need to get
on it right now because of how much
Jared works we would want to be getting
it submitted and edited and giggling
what if we don't get to 50,000
subscribers like what if people just
like stop right now we get to like
49,999
and no one else subscribes what if that
happens Ellie then what do we do with
all these people who send us videos
that's not good then we were deleted on
YouTube account
no I don't know if we're gonna do that I
think so do you guys think that would be
fun or do you guys have another idea I
mean just something fun like a fun
celebration that we could like include
you guys in with it because yeah we
could do something but I think it'd be
fun to include you guys because well you
guys are a part of our family why we
have this yeah all because of you guys
and not even 50,000 47,000 thank you
guys thank you guys for following along
thank you guys for joining our little
daily lives literally Ellie and I tell
each other every day like how grateful
we are for this like it's a lot of work
I put a lot of hours and so does Ellie
on home it's a lot of fun and it's a lot
of work and we're grateful to do it
every single day yeah thank you thank
you guys even if it was one subscriber
or
thousand or twenty thousand 50 thousand
thank you guys for 7 million um
subscribe subscribeee watch 7 million oh
so thank you guys honestly though we
really do appreciate it and when we
started the daily vlogs I was worried I
was like people are gonna think I'm
boring because it is our daily lives we
are the only thing out of the ordinary
that we do is we probably try and get
out of the house a little bit more and
that's good for a relationship it's been
good to get out of the house together
and not sit at home you know yeah yeah
it's good for us too yeah
but Jax is tired he's got to go to bed
real quick look at my shirt guys look
what I got in mail isn't this exciting
Oh see what I did there this guy's we
have shirts that you guys can get links
are down below if you guys want to get
some shirts like this I think it's
pretty cool yeah but again thank you
guys so much for everything everything
thank you so much and you guys are
awesome and I'll see you guys in next
video Oh slap that but didn't uh stop
that bow tricky trick a trigger
by
