ah testing the waters at grandma's house
guys I think that this is like such what
what would you even call this turtle
romantic in a way this is like I feel
like we're in like paradise right now we
have the grandkids playing on the
trampoline we've got a pool set up our
chairs out we're in the shade and we're
just relaxing for the morning like we're
going to be out here all morning all
afternoon because we might as well enjoy
the Sun and this little guy is so cute
he's he's at war the water is actually
pretty warm yeah it's pretty warm me and
Jarrod and Jackson are gonna get it
woopsie if Jackson likes
to me this is the definition of summer
the kids are playing in the water we've
got the sprinklers on we just need to
move those sprinklers and put them under
the trampoline and then jump on the
ethylene what you're gonna pee in there
yeah you gotta be in there ha ha oh
there's a panther yeah I'm sure
I'm sure they've already done that yeah
I rope I guess that's the first thing
that does as soon as she gets into the
pool okay I'm good now huh
that summer that summer vacation no
shame that's how the pool gets too warm
there's there we don't pay for heating
and pools we just pee in it and that's
how I supposed to get warm Oh mom don't
act like you don't do it too I know it's
the first thing you guys do where do you
think they learned it from it's sucking
on my knee is that taste kid he's loved
the grass oh man he is he has been
grazing in the grass all day yeah come
say hi what are you wearing Olivia yes
that's our sincere yes sir I'm gonna
take the whole Mason how made sense it
feels lovely in it is that what she said
I feel lovely oh good job oh now I'm wet
guys
oh oh might as well just make it make it
all the way oh and the sprinklers ha ha
mom's like I'm getting out of the way
yeah yeah take your shirt off yeah rip
it off take it off I know there's a
whale sighting gerontologist water's
gonna be out of the pool nice
he's crazy huh whoa
your heads wet how is he so wet oh did
you cry yeah look at there it is sopping
wet yeah I think I may have gotten the
camera a little bit wet with my my
breech entry is that what they call it
what do they call it in one whales mmm
Shh that yeah baseball what do you think
buddy he's like our not in the water
just his toes here should we sit you
right here
it'll take a second to get adjusted to
it
Jesus fraina from behind the waters not
all about cold it's actually a lot
warmer than I thought it would be like
it you might get buddy please good job
he likes it he really likes it because
you're doing it Peter you are a crazy
boy he's just like yeah water in my face
I know it's cold then he just is loving
it I don't know if I would even dare put
a cold toes in my face the youngest the
youngest babies here are actually not
babies it's the older two kids that are
crying about everything like some
watermelon juice on a summer trip he is
a loving he's going crazy he's just
sucking it you help fun in this grandma
well he what Oh take it out of a round
take it out of your mouth don't hit
yourself Jackson don't make fun of my
sunglasses okay my broke I have to make
do with what I have that's what y'all
want even poor
is that innocence Jared not even can
they advise we are on a double date
we're going on a double date what is I'm
not sure where else they have it but
it's a place here in Utah then they had
it's like this barbecue place it's
really really good
they had good air conditioning I've been
outside playing with the kids all day so
we're like we're putting them to bed and
early and we are going to eat and in
case you were wondering why I've had the
same outfit on the last three days for
the locks is because I wasn't planning
on staying I wasn't planning on staying
when we came down on Sunday but Ellie
was like just stay I know okay all right
get ready for those food shots here we
go here we go what do I got here what do
we got here this is a marshmallow maple
so sweet potato fries and marshmallow
what's maple marshmallow maple dollars
melamine man I thought it was the fries
though okay guys let the bowling begin
um Elliot does not have any other saw it
doesn't have any socks so what you I
didn't want to pay two dollars for a
pair okay so why not just get something
why not just get some toilet paper right
that's like the same thing you guys are
just gonna have Tyler papers buy an ice
cream cone I don't know about you guys
I'm a professional bowler I Bowl every
day and so does Joel wearing my bowling
shirt I just I forgot to bring my
bowling ball so let's let's do it let's
do it to it I think you just came up
with the greatest idea in the world in
case I ever put my pants again in your
touch my you have toilet paper
socks ever in case you ever poop your
pants again you are ready you are always
ready now do not be jealous of my
appearance guys
that's embarrassing we've got our needs
up we've got Dom tittie Cooper and Pete
pizza
if you didn't know that's titty and now
dong not pina that I'm prepared bitches
good job don't appropriate okay let's
move come on pooper
push it down flush it down good that was
a good start you may need to clean up a
little bit after that
Wow not too shabby they both got two
strikes hey we might sure love our game
okay let's do it babe
hey that's good that's good Wow Wow very
good
oh yeah plus I'm just giving you guys a
head start that's all I'm doing you guys
are just gonna be so far ahead and then
I'm gonna make a huge comeback and you
guys aren't gonna know what hit you yeah
get a strike get a strike no okay baby
get a strike for me daddy needs a new
pair of shoes
oh good good close to more babe babe
babe we've got to do a baby that's good
oh that was awesome good job I did good
job you got to pick that up you got to
clean it up babe you can't believe ok
we're saying goodbye thanks for letting
us stay at your house for a long time
cuz I birthday girl tomorrow is your
birthday happy birthday Olivia okay
happy birthday tomorrow no no no no are
you excited to turn five years old yeah
good what are you gonna do tomorrow have
a birthday that's good hey Maine by Cody
boy thanks Rach you guys I'll see you
tomorrow good bye
