good morning guys you guys want to hear
how sweet and hard-working Jared is last
night after fireworks we didn't want to
drive almost two hours all the way home
for then to Jared to edit and then to go
to bed and then to wake up and go to
work so we just came back to my mom's
house
Jared edited the vlog and then he woke
up this morning at like 5:30 and he got
ready he went to work a couple hours
away and then he's going to come back a
couple hours so that I could like stay
here and hang out with all you cute
kiddos and my sister and my mom because
if I'm at home I would just be sitting
in the house you know
so we woke up this morning we thought
it'd be fun to come outside well it's
still cool before the heat comes and
sweet
so we've got all these babies that were
swinging ah it feels huh I know it sure
does
ya wanna underdog do you want to go
really high okay let me get you going
first let me push you a couple times to
your going and then I'll give you an
underdog did you like it your legs were
gonna knock your head oh I won't okay
one more time
Kim you're Jackson don't you push you
little boy I love you are you loving
this son we're going high hold on tight
you're gonna I too don't belong son he
loves it hey guys good
hey hey goodie the grass like Jackson
Hey Oh God
Jackson Casey Moo
it's so funny he loves it look at him
I've never seen a baby dress uh-huh no
if all babies are like scared of grass
or they don't like not my son that's
funny
you're a grass eating me and I've never
seen a child like tomatoes
oh yeah we're freaks of nature I guess
over here we both have weird kids mines
over here eatin grass like crazy and
yours is over here Ian Tomita that's
funny okay Jackson I think I should take
you away now you're getting to do about
have it how cute is he just like
sprawled out in the grass guys we want a
yard so bad for this reason how Q are
you and
hey and I'm gonna go back to eating more
grass mom you can't even kiss me and he
gives us other babies okay not to you
the baby we saw the tomato now we want
you need another sibling Jackson does we
gotta get these cousins away from each
other because all it does is make us
mommies baby hungry but should be
everything about this place you like the
food what's your favorite thing about
this place I'm trying I am going not the
slides besides not you super keen
my tribe and slice so really want a girl
look what we just film you found these
hat look at those sunglasses okay you
little shall I marry
look at this off shower it's probably
gonna be cuter on a baby than it is on
you but it's still really cute I like
here I can't which suit it looks like up
true editing yes you can just grateful
oh my I can breathe now how cute is that
for a little girl little swim cap Oh
precious Jackson is nowhere to be found
I think he may be up in the tree house
with Grandma up up up when you are yeah
he loves it up here it even smells good
up here
is that kind of weird with the wood you
just doing all sorts of adventures yeah
if we had a trampoline right here and he
was old enough he'd probably jump out of
it t-minus one hour Jerry just called me
and he's off of work and my mom is
picking up some shish kebob here up on
the grill and dad has loaned
on and so we are going to get out of
this hot hot that I'm going to go inside
and eat and then Jared's going to be
home so I made it to Ellie's parents
house finally got home from work and you
know what that means if you guys are
seeing me it's time to end the vlog
that's the tradition every time I get in
the vlog we have to end it Ellie has a
video that went up today so be sure to
check that out a lot of you guys don't
know she has a YouTube channel and she
pulls videos there every Tuesday and
Friday right is that right and it's
really really fun and cute because
Ellie's really good-looking Alex I think
so so high okay
thanks for watching guys have a
wonderful night and we'll see you
tomorrow bye stuff hi guys see you
tomorrow
member
