you have a pin to you this is a full
belly wow this is a full belly laughs
we are here at Grandma and Grandpa's
house and you know what that means
there's a baby swinging and Jackson's
almost falling out of it already holy
cow too happy
hey grandma grandpa's house let's get
him buckled in and get him swinging
we've got to get one of these swings
Ellie so he can have some fun oh you
know what we should do is we should just
get a house that's what we should do
that way we can have all of these fun
things we could have a barbecue we could
have a dog we could have a swing we
could have a happy family right we have
to go to Grandma's to do all that oh
yeah I guess we want to see grandma
grandpa sometimes you know who we need
to see is our other grandma grandpa all
right watch your fingers Jackson okay
are you ready grandpa are you gonna do
an underdog first to start it off when
Jackson called ah you think hmm hi
oh you're loving that aren't you uh-oh
is that Bonnie you guys all like Bonnie
don't you do you like Bonnie more than
me yeah if you guys had a Elian Bonnie
would you be happier you guys would
watch me and Bonnie more than me Jade
would you owe me Ambani puts a body
together
yeah I guess that means I'm moving out
where where my wow this is a fun little
setup look at that we've got the whole
family swing in and I am going to jump
on the trap
that's hard I saw a video where shaycarl
was doing it back flip on the trampoline
and keep his head in frame the whole
time and it's hard
let's see how'd I do
sure try come try front flip the kids
are here wanna try before they come so
front flip without without dropping the
camera one - it's our doll the camera
there yeah I love you don't worry time
one huh bounce around some bouncy bounce
Wow okay guys have you ever played crack
the egg do you want to oh why not you
don't even know what it is how can you
not want to play it right again can they
try it again let me see your handstand
oh don't bounce Olivia just let him do
his Hanson whoa good job
good job Olivia have you guys been
practicing yeah my mom taught me that's
so good
wait your mom was teaching you how to do
handstands was your mom doing handstands
oh my gosh you know what that means
Bonnie's gonna have to show us her
handstands Bonnie the kids were telling
us that you were practicing your
handstands so I think that means that
we're needing to have a hairstyle incest
right now well you can tell the night
you was practicing when I did the
handstand for you guys right at our
house
yeah but because we're like yeah mom was
showing us how to do grandstand and so
they're like yeah let's let's have mom
to a handstand now good job Cody oh you
have gum in your mouth
I had gum in my mouth once but I sneezed
and then I went somewhere we've got
Boston and Jackson Boston is how much
older than Jax and ending what's his age
13 months 13 months Jax okay six months
there's 13 months apart
no they're there in seven months okay
look man just kidding us mom Sonora J
okay our babies are seven months apart
and we're gonna throw in the air see
which one like to be thrown and which
ones don't we raise the real baby yeah
this goes first
no at the same time at the same time
okay okay okay so okay one one two
Jackson loves it sorry bye see me won't
do it no more we won't do it no more
looks like he need to throw your kid in
the air more time
look at my Lawson's built like a tank
he's like he's not wimpy at all he's
just like freezenberg he's just a sweet
boy and a jacket you can poke
Krim is getting us raspberries we
getting some raspberries here oh you'll
have a new yet Olivia hey you got some
Cody boy yeah I got a lot let's see
those raspberries
okay Jackson are you having a nice
daring contest looks like he's gonna eat
you Wow that was a major arm wrestling
right there I guess Ellie's mom has
never lost to any girl let alone any guy
either she's pretty thug yeah
keep growing up on the farm she's a farm
girl worst thing that could ever happen
in the entire world is it's getting dark
and you lose your keys not our keys we
have our keys but we're helping Bonnie
find her keys we can't find them
anywhere and that's what's going on but
we're just chilling here with some
family and some friends we are gonna
watch some fireworks tonight because we
missed out on the opportunity to do on
the actual fourth of July sorry I kind
of pooped out on that bro you're a party
pooper oh yeah
Phyllis you're hilarious we got to go
cuz we got to look for keys but we will
see you guys tomorrow
like always and we are going to continue
with handstands yeah I don't think the
handstands are gonna stop at least until
gonna mostly breaks an arm or something
like never okay very huh bo do one okay
both do you want to do a handstand for
us
Hey yeah bye guys
I'm actually gonna call a mulligan we're
gonna sell vlog a little bit here
because we're gonna launch some
fireworks right from that dirt spot
right there
not sure if that's the best idea ever
but it's going to be awesome it's gonna
work
you
