good morning guys I think it's about
time that I get a haircut
look how long this is this is crazy I
don't think I've ever had my hair this
long before it is crazy long at least
for me it is anyway ever since I got
married to Ellie I really don't go that
long without getting a haircut but now
that she doesn't work at the salon and
she's just doing it out of the house
it's like you know we're just like man
let's just do it whenever we want
thankfully Ellie here still has all of
her stuff so she can still cut my hair
she's still a professional she's still a
licensed professional I still have my
lights just because I'm not writing and
I do it my PJs does it mean fit not
professional just I could do it in the
kitchen like on my nice chair but I
don't want but we just don't want to
clean up all that hair garbage I just
decided to do it outside there's just so
much hair okay
Ellie's gonna cut my hair now do you
guys want to watch you want to see how a
master professional ultimate stylist
does a haircut it's a love-hate
relationship what our smell like with
this next subject because a lot of not
you guys will some but like people in
general if you were an electrician do
people just say oh will you teach me how
to let like do electrician stuff like
just teach me like no people don't ask
that but like with hair people are
always like show me how you cut hair
they're taking away my job my way of
making money right yeah I kind of like
that but then on the other hand it's not
like yeah I can teach you all you want
but I have to charge but like I went to
school like I spent two years and like
tons of money - technically learn all
this stuff like I can teach someone but
I can't teach someone what I learned
within two years you know what I need
hmm I mean I'm like I'm grateful to show
people and teach people but it's just
hard because there's a lot more to it
than you think yeah
oh it's gone I have my beautiful hair is
leaving me sure it's for the best I'd
just do like half and half okay we're
done what do you guys think I think
Ellie did a really good job I haven't
really seen it yet but looks pretty good
right here
attack us what I'm just kidding Ellie
wasn't done yet but she is now what do
you guys think I think it looks pretty
snazzy pretty little bit like shorter
higher up yeah now I'm wondering if
maybe you shouldn't like just part it
and have it so businesslike now Ellie
I'm all about business I'm all about
business ties are always on oh yeah
business time it's business time I kind
of wonder if maybe you shouldn't like do
it so businesslike and kind of just have
like all what do you guys think how
should I do my hair should I part it
like I have been or should I kind of
just like push it to the side and not
really part it well we're making you
beautiful I'll go throw in the wax plot
or wax your eyebrows my eyebrows are so
bad right now guys they are so bad no no
no no no guys it's okay to have your
eyebrows waxed it's just when you have a
giant caterpillar for on your face like
take care of it you know Jackson is
doomed he will have a giant unibrow
he has a unibrow it's it's definitely
growing in there and it's just a matter
of time before it gets a little bit
darker and then it's just crawling my
face I'm sorry son
I cursed you well my Saturdays are
usually really really boring because
Jared usually works all day and so I
texted my sister I was like what are you
doing today um so she's gonna come pick
me up I think we're just gonna go run
some errands so I've got Jackson ah
strapped up in your car seat he's so
happy to go and I've got his little
drool Z on that you guys sent I got us I
fixed his strap tube because it was way
it wasn't I don't know maybe I did it
wrong ah hot dogs Jared maybe I did do
it wrong so he gets supposed to go under
the shoulder now it's going over I don't
know how to fix it but we're ready to go
and Auntie Ruby's gonna come pick us up
here
this is play with this play with that
and another one of you guys sent this
and he loves it by the way it's a little
cray-cray right now because like it's
like half the size of his body but he
loves it
you love it peekaboo huh peekaboo huh
peekaboo oh yeah
Britt kid to kid my sister cleaned out
of our kids closets and I I'm not
kidding though I do think that it
probably is heavier than you I think so
you're gonna hook crane out the kid's
closet to get him ready for school back
to school I want to go back to school
shopping do you go back to school
shopping I don't want to know what
everyone gets their kids how many pair
of pants how many shirts do you get him
a dress I'm still trying to figure this
out seriously
Jackson you would look so cute enough
like a little what are those called I
have a brain fart right now that would
be so cute on a little suit to wear hi
you just playing oh you have three you
need all of these whoa what are you
doing what are you doing goob huh
what you doing yeah what are you doing
hey you're crazy
you want to roll over this way you just
want stare at us whoop timber did it
fast are you gonna show him how you rock
you are the craziest rocker in town rock
rock rock rock whoa
you scooted a little hey I heard him
rockin earlier and I think he hit his
head cuz I heard a
and then he went ah and I could hear
rock and more so I think you're often
like bonked your head or something it
was really funny well I'll see you in
two seconds when you walk in the door
okay love you too bye hey guys guess
what I just got off the phone of Jared
it he has been at work quite a bit
longer than I thought he would tonight
and and I just do not want to make
dinner at Saturday night and I was like
Jared um do you want to pick up dinner
and I gave him a bunch of different
places you know I was like we could do
pizza we could do KFC we could do del
Taco
just whatever and so he just called and
he's like I brought home dinner but I'm
not going to tell you what it is until I
walk in the door so then I thought I'd
grab you guys along so you'd be
surprised just as much as I am
oh and that your hair looks good kinda
like oh I forgot I cut it I knew Jared
just walked in the door and I saw his
little head and I kind of scared me ha
ha ha I guess my hair cut is it that bad
not bad I have it good it just I it's
been so long I'm not used to is so short
I got myself in the mirror a couple
times at work and were you like to hang
that looks good I don't want to sound
conceited but I look good guys they look
good what did you bring down a good hair
so my favorite thank you it's not like
my favorite it's my favorite around here
we don't have very many yummy places
around here to eat thank you here so so
I guess what we're gonna do tonight guys
we're gonna eat and never gonna play
Mario Kart reracked I liked you in the
morning That's not me
hi I love that you love it and this is
why I can okay here we've had a
PlayStation three for four years on
eight and Ellie never played the
PlayStation with me I mean like there
there would be a couple times where I
was like Ellie will you please play this
game with me and she'd be like you have
reluctantly would Jared never like plays
video like you know that sit down just
to play video games like you don't
really do that but we have some video
games that were like
we could play yeah really play but Ellie
grew up with the Nintendo at home and so
I was like you know what if we're gonna
have a system that we like to play let's
just go get the Nintendo and it's
perfect and I really like it's a lot of
fun family time together I like it I
like you oh I like this
Oh baby baby as : oh say Oh kill him
free cookies all day you know how I roll
baby getting you cookies you're so sweet
like that cookie chocolate chips oh man
I just sneezed and I'm pretty sure I
have gum in my mouth there's no more gum
in my mouth and I have no idea where it
went but I sneeze and if I had gum in my
mouth it is somewhere in this house and
I have no idea Ellie huh do did you just
have it in your mouth cuz I got a little
crystal oh ah how you seize it I sneeze
this direction here Oh
I sneezed and the gum shot out you oh my
gosh
did you know snot flies out at over 100
miles per hour when you sneeze and that
you always had to have your eyes closed
your eyes will pop out of the eye socket
is that true I just thought of another
throwback Thursday of the first time
that I kissed someone about gum in my
hair yeah I know we just needs an aspic
gum out of my mouth yeah it's funny but
I think that we're gonna just end the
vlog now because after we play our
little game I think we're gonna edit and
then go to bed so I think it's my turn
to do a handstand no you didn't
yesterday I want to do one well you'll
have to wait your turn
Ellie someone gave us an idea that we
should set the camera up and both do one
and do a contest she can we do that I
guess we can do it but you and I both
know it's not good grammar I like your
forms no I'm not even gonna film that
don't judge me huh okay let's set you
guys up somewhere long fail we set the
camera up and didn't hit record we just
did a handstand
best but we won't tell you the result
once oh oh shut up
I mean that's rude of me we'll get that
out I want to look super nice on camera
I don't want to seem a mean at all
yeah I'm not you met you would never
tell me to shut up yeah not like like oh
oh le like come on seriously le but we
still won't tell you who really won but
we're gonna set it up again and this
time we will hit record okay are you
ready Ellie okay ready
once what shoofly 1 2 3
poo poo oh I don't like oh ha ha ha ha
what you guys missed last time when we
weren't recording is Jared like sucker
punch me to the stomach I kicked your
hand on accident cuz I was going a
little bit while a little bit crazy my
trick high kick hey watch your hip boom
boom boom boom
ok see you later guys break the wrist I
don't know how today breaks the wrist
walk away
slap the face walk away I'm sorry
Jared I'm sorry don't slam I really
don't Fletcher you're just like me I'm
not look I'm facing me no I'm really
sorry that I slapped you how you got oh
yeah ah can you see that ah I'm gonna
kill you with my love
thanks for watching
tickle fight
don't you have question me you were
laughing though no thanks for watching
see you guys later bye
