that looks good yeah goes down there by
it Jared I just got a gift a present or
shall I say we just got the best thing
ever that we could ever buy the new Wii
U does that look like me
I think it kind of does al or not you do
plan B yeah it does it'll be my turn
next
first game and guess who won guess who
won I won
say whoa I only got a third place so
that still counts I get some first place
first place yay Donkey Kong
I'm always Yoshi Yoshi's my favorite my
sister Julie was always look with walk
while her Wario Wario what does he say
I'm a Wario I'm gonna win yeah that's my
sister was Julie so is so annoying
that's right who won that time in your
face Yoshi Yoshi wins What's Up Girl
What's Up Girl next race next race tie
break okay
come on son come on son sorry we
probably shouldn't be vlogging because
it's the night of yesterday's we just
gotta a clue this yeah but we wanted to
include this oak we'll see you tomorrow
in the morning even though it's we be
the same vlog
guys I cannot believe I have a
six-month-old he is six months old that
is a huge milestone you are a half a
year old and I have kissed you every day
that you had been here that's crazy
um guys I was because Jackson is six
months old I was looking on line last
night about like the development and
like where I know all babies are
different but like where baby should be
at six months old and Jackson hit all
like the requirements and stuff but they
have a list that I found online about
like their sensory markers like right
now they can fear strangers possibly he
doesn't whatever they recognize parents
they make simple sounds like mama or
Dada and all that kind of stuff they
they should be able to sleep six to
eight hour stretches at night as what it
says and Jackson's been sleeping well at
least ten hours at night every night for
the past forever and then it says play
recommendations this kind of made me
laugh out loud the play recommendations
that they give you so read and sing and
talk to your child which Jackson and I
do all the time and they can imitate
noises they start to imitate play
peekaboo give them an unbreakable mirror
to play with provide large bright
colored toys that make noises or have
moving parts but dancing look Johnson I
have provided you a huge toy that you
can look at it's bright that you can
look at and it has huge moving parts see
I provided it for you it recommends that
you provide your six-month-old with
paper so that the child can tear paper
so Jackson I already know that you put
everything to your mouth so enjoy some
paper cuts to the mouth
it also recommends to start naming parts
of the body and the environment this is
my eye socket your eye socket can you
learn that your eye socket and this is
your nostril this is your nost oh that's
your time yep that's your tongue
I'm already teaching him see how I'm
good of a mom I am sure you find your
femur Jackson this is a field this is a
field this is the environment that I'm
supposed to be showing you this is a
fence that if you touch you may get
slivers yeah
there's a few more things that I need to
teach you okay I need to use body
movements and actions to teach language
this is called running you run I'm using
my body movement to teach you how to run
can you skip
I think that we should get ready for a
nap because when we learn so much we
just get so tired but the last thing
that I need to do to help you because
now you're six months old is I need to
use the word know in frequently Oh
I guess we gotta get your seatbelt on
first there you go
now I guess you can drive because I
won't say no there you go oh I don't
know about that
hey son we're gonna go take a dip in the
pool you got your seatbelt on back there
you got you SEPA on and you're happy you
took your sunglasses off
well he's usually pretty good at leaving
them on but let's go to the pool
he just came enough to dip our toes in
the water and to see our friend I think
we're gonna go pick up dad from work
sound good
hey alright guys I just got home from
work Ellie just put Jackson down for bed
oh I gotta be quiet
Ellie's not quite done yet hmm
Ellie is putting Jackson down for bed
and you know what that means once he's
asleep it's time to kick some Koopa
Troopa trash we're gonna play some Mario
on the Wii U and it's gonna be a lot of
fun this is like our first night where
we actually get to sit down and play as
long as we want so I'm pretty excited
and Ellie's pretty excited again dress
thank you and we're gonna have a lot of
fun so stay tuned for scenes from the
next episode of Ellie and Jared where we
play Mario Kart all night long no no no
are you ready to kick some Koopa Troopa
trash no we're not racing that's Koopa
Troopa the Koopas are the bad guys in
Mario are you lying no king koopa bowser
Yasir huh guys I need to teach her some
stuff no I hate you to use them stymie
I'm gonna teach you a lesson
girl girl ninja ninja ninja let's go
let's let's get it on girl let's get it
on okay for you sit me in Jackson to
spine that's one of my favorite things
about the day and this is like the one
of them the like main reason why we love
doing these videos is because like it's
fun to like share it with everyone but
then on the other hand like it's really
fun just to have for our own like when
Jerry gets helmets like he was able to
see what I did with Jackson I am so
excited to see what Ellie and Jackson
did all day today that's my favorite I
hope it doesn't look dumb I thought was
funny that's like my favorite parts is
to review footage and see what they did
so yeah okay ready to have some fun yeah
I love us more than anything can you
hear the rain can you smell that I love
the smell of rain just just just can you
just just
just take it in just listen here
I love it and we're going to finish
playing and I got some snacks
I love the new Oreo it's peanut butter
cup Oreos I know the original is like
the best but these are pretty good so
we're gonna continue playing our little
Mario you taking me off in real life and
you sure as heck tick me off on TV
that's not funny
no I can't help it if you're like right
under me I can get off of me thank you
holy Mario fans Ellie that was so crazy
we suck at Mario I swear we were on that
level probably what ten times and we
just kept running into each other we
kept jumping on each other I'm gonna go
find it's gonna go forth and I tore off
and I died on the first guy so we are
having a blast we are having so much fun
no they're fully charged yep but that is
the vlog for today guys thanks so much
for watching we have so much fun doing
this and I'm really not in the vlogs
very much so I have a blast what I meant
work watching all the videos that you
guys make and I don't that I do a good
job but then on the other hand the other
day I was like I think I'm just I don't
know oh you know I'm trying to say
that's our life and that's what you get
you get what you get and you don't
follow fit and you don't throw a fit hmm
those hips move do you like my hips
don't lie that's that's the hip surgery
right there we need to show you guys we
need your throwback Thursday on his hips
scar no okay oh thanks for watching have
a wonderful day you just said it
straight no you don't get a second
chance bye guys
member
