it's throwback Thursday that's true on
the baby throw the baby Thursday juicy
never done that yet enter each other
back and forth
yeah I've just thrown up in the air yeah
he can easily do it cheated that fourth
right throw the baby Thursday here let's
set the camera up you want to try it
yeah okay
one 2d oh you baby
pickup loves this huh he loves it Ren -
Jeanne
he loves it guys
yeah yeah mmm okay let's go cuddle now
okay go snuggle let's have a serious
chat guys we want to talk about
something very serious our first kiss
and another kissing story we want to
talk about kissing
let's talk I'd like to talk about I was
like what should we do first row back
Thursday and I was like let's talk about
kissing stories because you can always
everybody has funny kissing stories
don't you guys I think so so Jared's
gonna tell the story about our first
kiss and then I'm gonna tell you guys
about an embarrassing moment with Jared
I thought guys I'm like embarrassed
about it
Alecia super pants right we'll always
have that to compare now like what Lisa
didn't poop your pants
I know oh well so you can you you can't
talk to her that so here's the story um
as you guys know Ellie and I dated and
we dated for a good amount of time but I
wanted to wait a while before our first
kiss before dating Ellie I got out of a
pretty bad relationship and I think a
lot of it was we just kind of moved too
fast but oh you're kiddin buddies yeah
we were yeah definitely kissing buddies
but so I told Ellie I was like okay now
I really really really want to kiss you
but I want to wait I want to it yeah
that yeah I did yeah I did
no you did not okay I must have just
thought it that I thought in my mind and
in my head and in my brain I want to
wait you did not before kissing her
because I wanted to really really
establish our relationship first and so
Ellie Ellie was just like after every
date that we went on she'd kind of just
like sit there and wait
kind of like flutter or eyes a little
bit and I give her a hug and then I say
okay bye
something like that and I always felt so
bad but I wanted to wait because I
really wanted to make it really
meaningful and have it really special
yeah and so one night we were and I
think was it velvet Valentine's Day it
was Valentine's Day and we'd been dating
for a few months and we're not even a
few months like a couple months and I
was at her house and I was just thinking
I was like what better day than
Valentine's Day like it yeah and so I it
was towards the end of the night and I
pulled her the side and I said Ellie and
I think I started talking to you and I
just like held your nose on Valentine's
Day
was it not scared munitia refreshes
before we did it it was Valentine's Day
I texted Landon that night and I said
I'm mad that Jared didn't kiss me oh
he's a little bit on Thursday was it
only the next day day after Valentine
looks so dumb Jared I'm so dumb pastured
you suck but anyway oh you hear that
thunder thunder I missed it by a day but
I wanted to wait for a good reason so I
did and so when the day finally came I
pulled Ellie to the side and I told her
how I felt about her and how you know
things were going really really great
and everything and I went in for the
kiss and I was like this is it this is
the big moment that she has definitely
been waiting for and I have definitely
been waiting for and so I go in to kiss
Ellie and I'll show you I will
physically show you what happened this
is what happened so I go in for a kiss
bouncing baby now ah
and she turned her TV play what she
turned her cheek on me can you believe
that and I was like does she not want to
kiss me like what the heck is that all
about is she mad at me that I waited so
long like what was there all of that and
I was like wait I think I missed and
then I went in and then we kissed
yeah but I was like first off I'm like
we just never embarrass and we're just
really sad yeah let's do it again
just like a little peck that's all it
was but I wanted to I wanted to wait but
I felt really embarrassed because Ellie
turned her stinking little cheek and
made me miss on the first kiss that's
okay so that was our first kiss and then
that's when I knew that I was gonna
regret not kissing her earlier for the
rest of my life and for a kind of a
funny story is Jonah hold him now yeah
mr. McAfee McGee coffee McGee not puffy
hahaha hi Rach I'm so Jared Oh
see he's get over a little sickness he
has a little hmm and then he's all
smiles he has a little respiratory
infection I think is what the doctor
said and okay so not very long after yaq
moans because it was summertime okay it
was warm enough for us to go outside
then
okay well then Jared and I went up to
his place up at college to go on a date
and I think we just hung out around town
and then that evening we took the laptop
and a blanket to a park and we were
watching psych psych
it's our favorite show and we're
watching psych and we were wrapping
things up we were getting ready to go
and Jared of course kissed me again
doesn't like a little kiss kiss in the
park huh yeah on the blanket that's
sweet in the dark but they didn't over
you but my gosh ining on your book baby
the only thing we were missing were
fireworks uh oh that's another story one
other story okay well hurry okay so we
were at the park we were on the blanket
and Jared gave me a couple kisses before
we were gonna go and Jared had not said
he loved me yet and and we be gave each
other a kiss and then he hugged me and
he whispered in my ear and he said and I
thought he's gonna say I love you and he
said I
just farted and I go what but in my head
after he said I I was like oh he's gonna
say I love you but no like he said I
just farted I was like I was like Jared
I was like you it yeah like I I've
ruined like two moments and I'm like so
embarrassed now
I wasn't you're such a boy anyway I
laughed I laughed pretty hard we were in
a laughing mood cuz we were watching
Psych and it was yeah it was funny
anyway I just thought it was funny so
the first time I thought Jared was gonna
say he loved me instead he said I farted
so everything after that moment could
only get better and it did that's up I
started I thought I got low startup on a
low point low expectations guys and yeah
you only have upwards to climb yeah yes
that was Jared's intention and then oh
it was funny we were at Jared's
grandparents house and we hadn't met all
that long and we had all the game first
game yeah this was like our second or
third kiss I was walking Ellie out to
the car because yeah you had driven to
me I was staying at my grandparents
house because when I would visit Ellie
that's where I'd stay um and I was
walking around to the car and we were
looking outside just looking at the
stars and just talking like oh we're so
in love la blah blah you know saying the
normal things we were talking about why
we see each other net we just talking
about the normal things and um all of a
sudden I hear this bolt out of nowhere
in like February Wow oh I was like what
the heck is that
ah oh my gosh that's fireworks let's
kiss and you grab my bangs they kiss
okay that's all you said you didn't see
that's hit you said fireworks kiss and
they grabbed my face and kiss me because
when we kiss fireworks went off yeah and
I was like look Ellie when we kiss
fireworks go off that's how I magical we
are that's how amazing we are and that
is our kissing stories I hope that you
guys liked that I think that there's
always fun stories that come with
kissing I am like so embarrassed with
those stories because I look back and
I'm like oh my gosh dude you are so
stupid
but you didn't
your pants yeah and we'll always have
that too you can pair two pair too
because that's pretty embarrassing Ellie
yeah but I'm sorry what happened
you are hungry aren't you buddy what
okay guys and we will see you guys next
Thursday for throwback Thursday but
we'll get weird tomorrow because every
daily vlog if we remember throwback yeah
we remember we might forgotten like all
of us he was our second one um should we
end with a handstand no I think we
should kiss ah let's end with a kiss how
fitting is that let's end with kiss
still on this vlog that's okay sorry
guys
there's nothing better than a couple
cute kids kissing right yep that should
be the title but don't kiss me yeah I'm
so excited to come hey should we kiss
yeah okay let's concise the Nexen you're
cuter look at anyway people don't want
to stare us kissing Oh mmm love you okay
guys we'll see you later goodbye
watching bye Oh
