ah
hmm Keltie
hey guys I haven't even had a chance to
say hi to you guys yet today we've had
kind of a busy day we I know he took
Jackson to the doctor's and I'm really
glad that I did because at first I
thought that he I'm not going yet at
first I thought that he was teething
which he is and I thought well maybe he
got sick and then I kept going back and
forth and Jared and I decided to just
take him to the doctors and he does have
something wrong he has a little bit of a
respiratory arrest fitori infection and
he refuses to eat I have to give them
medicine anyhow steeped with it or he'll
get a tummy ache and he refuses to eat
yeah I'm talking about you and so I
ended up syringe feeding him a couple
like like maybe a half ounce of
Pedialyte just to get something in him
we're not the only one that made the
Rikki mistake of taking a baby on
escalator see we're not the worst
parents in the world there's others out
there I guess I you guys remember that
blog oh my gosh Ellie did you just get
some bad news on the floor is going on
in Ohio today go on the high air baloon
tomorrow why am I the guy's balloon
ripped I guess the other day is he too
big to get on her tear knows we're in a
nice comment but yeah I think it ripped
and so we're not gonna be able to go so
oh my gosh well you pop mama it
literally happened
so anyway I'm not going to go tomorrow
but we're gonna figure it out but
there's this Museum here I don't know if
they're gonna be able to let us film or
take pictures on the inside we'll see
but they have like these huge giraffes I
guess I really want to get a picture of
Jackson's address so it's called the
bean museum it's here at BYU so we're
really excited to go say I've never been
here I've lived here for like eight
years and I've never been to the bean
museum so I'm really excited to go in
and see what they've done because
they've actually renovated a lot of
stuff on it
so there's a job oh my god that one's
excited you guys are about to get draft
in the face look at all of these oh they
have giraffes everywhere oh my gosh oh
my gosh look this is so cool
but wait there's more look at the
biggest ones of them all there's - oh
oh my gosh this is a free museum you
don't even have to pay so it's in Provo
and it's called the bean museum thank
you my sister told me about it to straf
of them all Oh
hi Jackson I see your little teasing
giraffe Oh
oh my gosh can you touch it it's like so
real oh my gosh that tiger it was that
tiger lived out the whole gozu which is
around the area that I grew up at and
Jared and I actually want to go to the
zoo together so maybe at next on vlog we
could do is go to the zoo and see all
the other animals there the live animals
not the passed away animals these are
insane look at these the way that they
have them like you can even see like a
blood mark oh man my dad loves moose
moose I'm sis
Muhsin this isn't like oxen listen how
it's plural of moose but he's smiling
babies the babies man this is kind of
like Jared and I sometimes when we argue
that's probably me and that's probably
Jared it's that right let's let's look
is this how we are and where's that
thing's body it doesn't have a body
gone pretty there made it pretty graphic
for kids oh my gosh oh look at that the
way that the Tigers is like oh the long
line if I can to piggyback ride oh that
is insane this museum is like the
coolest museum that I have really been
to is pretty cool reading about all
these animals this elevator is so much
room for activities oh it's so big
the door is ginormous nothing like a
good old pit stop to get refreshed on
the fluids don't you think Jackson yeah
yeah you're pretty excited about he's
like no I want the camera I don't want
to eat any more I want what you're
holding anything that you hold
I want to instead in my mouth we are
just wrapping up at the bee Museum and
we are gonna go hit our favorite
ice-cream place in the entire world
it's called Sub Zero and they make the
most amazing ice cream
tell you what kind of favorite cuz that
everybody will give it and then that
means they'll always be out yeah you
guys can't steal our favorite ice cream
okay you can't we're not going to tell
you it's a secret I have lived in Utah
specifically like Provo area for like
seven or eight years and I have never
ever ever been to burger supreme yet I
come to all the places around it all of
the time there's Jamba Juice there Sub
Zero and I go to those places all the
time but I've never been to burger
supreme so Ellie and I were like let's
just try it that we bet we lived in
Provo married for over two years and
still
we've never gone and they've totally
like remodeled the whole place so we're
gonna give it a shot and see what we
think the results are in I think we
probably should have tried it when we
lived here it's pretty good
look at all that basic commodities I got
the Western bacon cheeseburger so here's
here goes first taste us toys - toys
touch taste touch taste touch that's a
huge fight
I just got cheeseburger I think it's
good I kind of wanted to bank it banking
I wanted some bacon on it should've
asked him but their fries are good and
Jackson's good that was a good night
oh my that's big huh little dry your
buns are dry um can I take that my
comment we had only taken two bites
before I said that I probably would
never come back sorry Hulk it Ellie and
I were just getting home from doing some
errands and we're like let's watch a
movie tonight
we always like watching movies we just
haven't in a long long time and I was
thinking you know it'd be really fun to
do is if we had almost like yeah I was
telling you about this in the car like
to almost have like a movie club where
we say okay on this day of the week
we're gonna watch this movie and then
like the next vlog will be us like
talking about that movie or some sort of
like Google hangout or some sort of like
movie club where we can watch a movie
together not necessarily in the same
place but we can all watch yeah a really
good at Google hangout would be a lot of
fun but like a video that we all watch
that we all watch the same movie and
then we just kind of chat about it and
say what we think about I think that
would be pretty cool what do you guys
think would you be interested in doing
something like that we're gonna watch a
movie tonight and then we'll kind of do
a we'll see if we're like oh yeah we
could talk about this movie or not
yeah Jerry Knight we're on our way home
and we kind of have the rest of the
evening together
and we're like what should we do we love
to watch movies and cuddle and have
popcorn and we haven't done that in a
long long time oh I know anyway but you
go I can hear him he's what are you
doing I think this is Jarrod's way of
what are you doing huh fuck went to the
doorway huh Oh see you later guys
the thought you get bub bye
I tried walking down the hallway and I'm
not good at walking at my hands yet I
was high crashing into the wall we can
get even like trying to use the law I'm
like maybe if I put my leg up here I can
walk out anywhere yeah I'll just do a
normal handstand thank you guys for
watching thank you for everything
we have been reading like your letters
and we love reading your letters guys
thank ya it really means a lot to us
that you guys send us these things just
like telling us about yourselves we love
it we read all of them and it's it's so
fun to sit down to that I really like
about the letters is the comments I mean
they'll always be there I think um like
in the future like even like 30 years
front even more old like we keep letters
like letters from family members and
from you guys like we have a box we have
letters and physical thing yeah it's
amazing
I think we should all write letters more
often like I personally hate getting a
birthday card
this says happy birthday that's just
like a bought birthday card like I would
much rather have a writ piece of paper
from a receipt and have somebody
handwrite happy birthday you know what I
mean I don't know it's there you're kind
of the opposite well no no because what
is it's it's a representation of time
because time for everyone is valuable
and when you have a handwritten letter
that is time and energy from that person
purchasing a card is not thoughtful or
time you know so that's just our opinion
so cuz Jarrod's I mean your mom really
likes to buy cards from you yeah that's
not meant to be icing on bad things
yeah I just wit I love the hand rim no
no I feel bad for all those people who
are like on it but I like to get cards I
love cards i love cards but like a
handwritten letter i think it was like
another a lot of you guys have sent
cards but you've written on them so that
i'm not talking about those you know
what i mean look in the sweater if a
bunch of
Oh points below I'm sorry let's get
everybody angry and then say goodbye ha
ha okay okay here we go round two
see you later guys watch E
