oh my goodness guys today is a new day
and I fill a hundred percent better
thank you guys so much for all the well
wishes that you guys have given me the
past few days
unfortunately though Jackson is not
feeling very well he has a really runny
nose and a cough it could be teething
but I'm pretty sure he's just feeling
pretty sick now Jackson I could both
have blowouts because we have OxiClean
to clean it up good morning guys
let's take a look and see how Jackson's
doing he had a pretty rough night last
night so let's go in and pick on hey
buddy
oh you see then feeling better I can
still hear you coughing a little bit I
hear some coughing but I think he's a
little bit happier today yeah your
little bit happier today yeah do you
guys ever miss your kids like when you
put him down for a nap you're like I
miss him that's why I feel right now I'm
so happy to have him with me right now I
missed him so much
I missed you little boy I missed you I
feel so bad the past couple times
Jackson has eaten we've had to stop his
feeding and suck the burgers out of his
nose because he just can't like breathe
and eat so it's time to eat which means
it's time to something ferger's out of
your nose and I'm so sorry I feel bad
because like he's so smiley right now
but he hates this and I would hate it
too I mean honestly if I had something
shoved at my nose and the vacuum sucked
my brain is he just always cry it's just
ever since he's been like not feeling
well he cries the burger monsters
climbing the boca monster and you're the
burger monster monster
mommy's more ruff you're nicer than me
what's not bad sign warning warning
bugger bugger bugger bugger didn't even
see it yeah like at the tip there and
he's he all on that yeah so Ellie went
to the store this morning and when she
was there she actually picked up this
humidifier for Jackson and it's kind of
interesting when I was growing up as a
kid I don't know if I ever used a
humidifier I do know and so I'm ink
to see how it's gonna work with Jackson
obviously like I know like especially
with like this vicks vapor stuff like I
loved when I would get like the vapor
rub on my chest when I was a kid but I
never had the humidifier so I'm pretty
excited to see how he reacts to it I
think he'll be I think I like it and
like I would have loved this last time I
was fit right we'll use it yes
definitely something we'll use a lot but
we honestly I don't think we get sick a
lot we don't but I think this will help
a lot while we're feeling sick when we
do get sick so that's pretty exciting
that we got that but here's the cool
thing so I worked yesterday and because
I worked yesterday which was Sunday that
means I have tomorrow and Wednesday off
so I am like this is my Friday right now
and tomorrow is Saturday and Sunday it's
in the weekend for me so I'm getting
like really pumped and excited and on
Wednesday Ellie is going up in a balloon
a hot-air balloon
whoa you pop my balloon don't you pop a
balloon are you excited yes I might kind
of wish that you were with me though Oh
it'll be fun yeah it'll be a lot of fun
and you'll take the camera up and you
won't drop it right and I just try
because I feel better now so I wonder
what we should do tomorrow but it just
depends on Jackson if he's even right
now he's he's doing much better than he
was last night huh you know we should do
what we should go buy the WiiU Jackson
are you trying to suck your own boogers
out is that what you're doing whoa you
pop a balloon hey won't you pop a
balloon I love when you smile Jackson
you make my heart smile do you know that
do you know that buddy I love you I know
you
I know you he has been talking so much
more lately to he's always like bad bad
black did that dad do that Bob I've
nothing to do can you talk for him
Jackson you little Scouten machine guys
he is growing up way too fast but I love
it I cannot wait till you start walking
until you can hold a baseball in your
hand and we can throw the ball in the
backyard we don't have a backyard but
we'll have one soon hopefully when we
buy a house we'll have a nice big
backyard we can have a dog we can play
with the dog we can play baseball and
I'm gonna teach you how to pole vault
that's what I'm gonna do I'm gonna teach
you how to pole vault yeah
when Jackson is down for a nap usually I
have a handful of things that I like to
do I like to edit my videos for my
channel or I usually will film a video
for my channel sometimes I will clean
the house sometimes I will write
thank-you letters back sometimes I will
just sit and relax sometimes I don't
know I'll call my sisters or my mom but
today Jared went to the peel box last
night and we got a ton of letters like a
ton of letters so I have been keeping
busy with Jarrett with Jared with
Jackson's nap time oh look you guys
remember Bonnie she's calling me and I
ignored it sorry Bonnie but right now I
am writing thank-you letters back and I
wanted to share two things with you I
appreciate all the letters I like all of
these letters like thank you thank you
thank you so so much and I thought this
is really cute those little draft
pinkies like I keep losing the binky so
that really helps thank you so much
Sarah and but this letter particularly
stood out to me and her name is Josie I
think that's how you say it and she's 14
and she sent these cool little bracelets
she may have made them herself but
they're really cute and she wrote me and
she's like I sent you these to our SD
awareness bracelet
and I hope that you will wear them at
least once we'll all wear more than once
they're freaking cool and they're cute
and the rsd I didn't even know what it
meant you're so mature for your age too
I'm blown away our SD is characterized
by chronic pain worse than childbirth
amputation and it's a non terminal
cancer and unfortunately there's no cure
for it and now she is no longer able to
walk because of it and she just goes on
and she's just so positive and she's so
cute she wrote this long letter to me
and then she wrote a section to Jackson
and then she wrote a section to future
Jackson when he reads it in the future
and I just thought it was so cute and
then she ended it she's like because I
can't do handstands I wanted to draw you
guys I wanted to end my letter how you
guys end your vlogs and do handstands
like it was just so cute and so sweet
and thank you so much for the letter and
I am always excited to write thank-you
letters back but especially to you it
was so heartfelt I just think that you
are remarkable I cannot comprehend all
of the pain that you have to suffer with
every day and I really truly appreciate
your letter I keep going over it and I
want to say other than rst it's really
called reflex sympathetic dystrophy you
are amazing and I definitely got
teary-eyed reading your letter and I
really appreciate you taking the time to
tell me that and to explain that and I
really am going to look into what our SD
is and just by the symptoms that you say
that go along with it it just it's
really I can't fathom it I can't and you
are a really strong person and it just
goes to show in your letter how strong
you are and a lot of you guys write to
us and you say that you you that we
inspire you which kind of boggles my
mind like do we really inspire people
like I don't know but in reality a lot
of you guys truly inspired Jared and I
you guys want to make Jared and I be
better people better examples so thank
you so much Josie and the
thing that I just thought was so funny I
just talked to Missy and she says thank
you so much but I opened this after I
was like oh that sometimes we got not
one shirt but two shirts for Jackson but
ones in a small size and ones in a big
size so he can wear like the same shirt
for a year well then I opened up the
letter and I died and it said and the
other shirt is for Jackson's best friend
Ollie and will you please share it with
him so when I see Ollie and Missy and
Bryan at vlogger fair next month I will
bring always shirt to him and she says
thank you I thought that was really
funny so they can be twinners how cute
is that thank you guys so much I can
already tell a huge difference by
getting the humidifier I think it's kind
of maybe even the noise maybe a little
white noise he really likes but also I
shut his door so it's kind of been a
little bit more humid in there and I
just opened it to kind of air out and I
think he really really likes that he has
taken over a two hour nap let's go take
a peek
Oh Oh your self that's when you know
you're a successful parent when your
kids can take a binky and put it in
their own mouth to sue themselves good
job son good job I'm the best husband in
the world there's no one better than me
I'm the best husband in the world
there's no one no one better than me
there's no one better than me do you
want to know why because I went to Sonic
and got some really really good food
hey we're not weird we're having a good
time see you spike like stuff like like
some message on the camera or just like
diddly-dee let's dance cuz we're on the
camera put your head on put that down on
a date that song that's all folks
Oh buddy buddy buddy buddy yeah that's
all folks seriously though Oh Jackson is
a good boy today I feel really good I
think he's I think he's teething babies
I don't know what he is I'm sure he had
something going he was coughing a ton so
I got off work and I I did the nasty to
eat it I went to Sonic and I got some us
some really good snacks because you go
it's always fun app snacks at the end of
the day right Swisher you feel better
yeah
so we should pop yourself full of sugar
afternoon I have the next two days off
of work and I'm like so excited I cannot
wait to just not go to work I probably
shouldn't say that if people at work are
watching but you know what I mean when
you have a break for more you're not
talking about work you're talking about
like you're excited because your family
exactly I'm excited to be with this girl
right here the most beautiful woman in
the room in the whole wide room you know
what I mean she's gorgeous guys look at
her just look at her one sprinker she's
so beautiful
Spink you're right in the butt cuz
you're so beautiful Kaley
I think you should try a hand Stanton I
will I'm getting ready are you popping
prancing around you're like getting
yourself on do a good job I fly behind
all that cinema
we've got a blinking battery solo okay
I'll see you guys later thank you for
watching thank you thank you for the
well wishes that you've given me and
thank you for the letter
