good morning guys it is a happy Sunday
here this is how the next I think day or
so will go it's just gonna be kind of
lazy Elliott I think you're still
beautiful okay I thank you
but listen I am feeling I'm so proud of
you you're standing up you're doing
great
you look amazing like you're not as pale
you my eyes that is deep I'm not as pale
and not as quivery my lips are blue
though that's because of popsicles
I am feeling much much much better I
still feel a little weak but I'm going
to show you what our house looks like or
what we've been up to shall I say I did
like four loads of laundry last night
and I was just gonna fold it all today
yesterday Jared was so good he cleaned
and sanitized the house so it was nice
and clean and then last night I hurried
and did a bunch of laundry but we've got
all of our laundry sitting I watched
every single blanket that we own and I
let them air dry because a lot of our
blankets are the main key and I really
don't like to dry them in the dryer so
I've got like all these blankets laying
around I still have another load of
going right now and one thing I had to
show you guys you know how I told you
I've never used our dishwasher and like
the over two years that we've lived here
I just
Jared's working I don't want to make him
do the dishes right now and I don't want
to do one so I loaded our dishwasher ahh
holy moly can you believe that I am
going to be using a dishwasher right now
I'll probably use it and decide to
always use it I don't even know how it
works do you do smart wash or okay it's
a normal wash so it's a normal wash and
he did dry I guess start
ah there you go guys
I'm doing a little laundry huh laundry
I'm doing a load of dishes Hey I so
sorry Jackson I don't know if I told you
guys already I really can't remember
everything I've told you already but
Jackson has a really runny nose and he
has a really bad cough and his little
cousin had it too the other day so I
think maybe that's really picked it up
from or along with teething I don't know
but Jackson is helping me do all the
laundry I finally finished up folding
most of everything and I think I'm not
going to quite put everything away yet
because I am so exhausted now and I
think just until Jared gets home from
work I'm gonna finish up our laundry and
then we are going to lay on the couch
and we're gonna cuddle is that okay can
we cuddle forget a cuddle and Jackson's
gonna take a nap and maybe mommy I'll
take a nap too good thing he's a really
good boy because he's making my day a
little bit easier my tummy really hurts
because I've been picking him up and
he's been sitting on me and he is like
20 pounds and I know that's not a lot of
weight but like I think just because I'm
sick it hurts extra extra hard so yeah
so that's what we're gonna do the rest
of the day until dad gets home sound
good
Jackson he never complains when I sucked
the burgers out of his nose but today he
hated it he kind of screamed at me and
he wasn't happy you weren't happy at all
but he's been rocking on his knees - how
much longer do you think it'll be until
I crawls like if he's already starting
to rock I wonder when he'll crawl
like a month a couple weeks couple
months I don't know oh sorry
oh yeah I'll get your ball just watching
our shoes relaxing bowl there you go
bald and over there
do you guys remember the friend that me
and her went and got doughnuts the other
day well she texted me is she's like
Ellie I couldn't stop laughing at the
title of your 4th of July I poop my
pants
she's like I washed it and I felt so bad
can I bring you dinner after church and
I obviously didn't go to church today
and she brought me dinner she brought me
like stuff for tacos like I'm feeling
better and Jared's good but let's write
coke and stuff for tacos how cute was
that I was like thank you like thank you
so much I did not want to make dinner
even though I'm starting to feel better
but Jackson all the poor little guy I've
been sending like 20 pictures to Jared
because Jackson will fall asleep for
five minutes and then wake up just
screaming blood-curdling screaming and
he's never been that way and I know that
he is sick - I think he just caught on
to the bug just like everyone else I
have spent the day folding laundry on my
laundry's done and I've been sanitizing
stuff I got my dishes done so we're just
gonna have to go day by day until we all
get better and I'm pretty sure Jared
will get it next but I'm hoping he won't
because we have been pretty good
sanitizing everything but we will just
see but I'm going to go ahead and go eat
a taco now cuz I'm starving and Jared is
off work in 30 minutes and I cannot wait
for him to come home
hey guys I was just about to end the
vlog but someone interrupted I'm waiting
for them to connect we're gonna FaceTime
Brian and Missy and chat about vlogger
fair but now we're just waiting to see
what's going on
oh I mean this dude's lied
they didn't whine thanks Laurie and Ed
so we're gonna end the vlog real quick
I'm super excited Ellie because we just
ordered our t-shirts and everything we
haven't even gotten our own merchandise
yet I'm so excited I bought everything
you bought everything Ellie bought one
of every item in every single color yeah
Jackson is not feeling very well he's a
trouper though like oh there we go again
let's see what's happening
all right look do it cray voltage before
we say hi okay deadness as we were
saying we just ordered our own
merchandise and I'm really really
excited about that so we're going to get
it all set up for vlogger fair so we can
wear our own shirts while we're there is
kind of like conceded to where you know
oh no I'm going to wear everywhere I
actually got on the bottom so I could
actually wear some of them as pajamas
who thank you guys for watching the vlog
today I hope you had a wonderful day
