we're at the hospital right now and
Ellie was just really dehydrated didn't
have a lot of fluids flu bug kind of
gone started the flu bug but she was
just throwing up like crazy and lots and
lots of diarrhea so we took her to the
hospital to get her taken care of and
she says silly because all the kids are
sick no don't feel silly Lance is taking
yeah this is good this is good that we
can but we're doing a lot better now
where Ellie's doing a lot better now the
medicine helped a ton all getting on the
fluids back in her so we should be
leaving here in a little bit we've been
here for a couple hours so that's kind
of an update oh my goodness guys good
morning good morning it has already been
a crazy crazy day I don't think I've
gotten any sleep
I don't think Ellie has gotten any sleep
Ellie was in the hospital
yes that is right
we took Ellie to the emergency room last
night Ellie was throwing up
she had major diarrhea and just was not
able to keep anything down not even like
water she couldn't keep any liquid down
so she was probably really dehydrated
and just she would not be able to sleep
at all I was up until like 2:00 in the
morning editing the vlog and or at least
got halfway through with the vlog when a
few of the kids got sick and Ellie was
just not able to move she wasn't able to
think she had a major headache and I
just felt so bad so we ultimately
decided to take her to the hospital and
just so we could get some fluids in her
she felt like she needed an IV really
bad and I I definitely agreed so we
rushed her over we've had an experience
like this before where she was you know
not feeling very well and she just
wishes more than anything in the world
at that time that she would have gone to
the doctor so I'm glad we did because we
you know we spent a couple hours at the
hospital but you know she felt so much
better once we were there and got the IV
inside of her and got the fluids inside
of her and got some medication inside of
her but I am at Walmart right now I am
here to pick up some prescriptions for
her so she will feel better oh my
goodness I I am so proud of her she is
honestly like with how bad she's feeling
like I know she could be complaining at
all if you know a lot more but she's
barely complaining Elle she's just like
she just tells me what she needs and she
just kind of lays her and I'm like do
you need anything like what it what can
I do for you and then this guy here
Jackson is just like a frickin trooper
too he's been such a good boy all day I
have been so proud of my little family
because I know if I were on the other
side of this I'd be like I'm sick and I
need everything
while Ellie was in the hospital it was
the cutest thing she was like when I was
little my mom would always give me
sprite and popsicles when I was sick
because it she said it would make me
feel better
he's that true because I really want
some sprite and popsicles this poor
little girl all she want as a popsicle
so I am here in the freezer aisle
looking for some really good popsicles
I'm not sure what to get there's so many
different kinds or some like really good
like brew ones and then just like your
standard like popsicle brand ones are
them and there's cream ease oh can I
tell you guys that's sundae crunch mmm
mmm I love that stuff I love that um I'm
not sure what to get oh and then choco
tacos who doesn't love some choco tacos
I might get some of those from me for me
oh so many decisions pila pop what's
that that's crazy
okay I'm going to get my sweet wife some
popsicles so she will feel better and I
already have some sprite at home I'm
laughing so hard right now Brian and I
have been texting back and forth and he
was talking to me about Ellie and he
goes so I guess your wife is a party
pooper she poops at parties and people
know about it and I responded with
literally I don't know if you guys have
ever seen parks and recreation but Ellie
literally pooped her pants at a party
and now people know about it she's a
party pooper literally Ellie is a party
pooper Ellie's gonna die when she sees
this please do not mind the absolute
disaster that is my apartment and the
absolute disaster that is my hair right
now we've been busy guys give us a break
but I am coming into Ellie's room right
now and I have a couple things that I
want to give her first and foremost
Ellie here is some nice soup for you no
soup for you and the first time I've
opened my eyes because my eye is hurt
tell him how you're feeling no I told
the doctor as I I would rather give
birth again like this was the worst I've
ever felt I'm so sorry
I'd look of it like my eyes hurt to look
up just keep them closed
don't strain yourself too hard thanks
you're welcome I also have this for you
nuts interesting open eyes yeah when
they open it up here real quick unboxing
time it's a little TV people how cute as
you guys know Jackson has teeth he is
growing teeth inside of his mouth and
that's why I said yeah it is it's like
warm to the touch
Chisholm if you hold on till you can
 any heat up
that's like interesting I can put on his
little ankle his little body's a little
chubby you might not put on his thunder
thighs um do you think it's hot because
it's 100 degrees outside
no it's how this is supposed to heat up
when you touch it no I bet I'm excited
to put on him today I mean he's
acting much better this teeth fit for
future is cute chair got me heating pad
what I got you heating pad I got you Oh
Ellie what hold on to this real quick
you guys are actually I'll take it with
me I got a show Ellie what I got to look
what else I got you ahh popsicles
I figured you'd really like these this
is a good kinda girl you're so welcome
are you excited now yeah do you
instantly feel better no you are where
I'm you gonna have one of these before
you start feeling better right was sorry
I'm not gonna look at you my eyes hurt I
was throwing up so bad last night that I
had nothing to throw up so I just kept
dry he me and dry helium like my body
hurts so bad it was the worst I've ever
felt well now I don't feel bad for like
my embarrassing moment well because like
I hate legitimately as I'm sick I hope
Jackson doesn't guess the thing that
worries me is that like you don't have a
lot of weight to lose you this is like
precious fluid that you are losing and
so like I feel bad and thank you for it
yeah it's stinky but it's still precious
that's why I went to the doctor it's
because a couple years ago I bought this
bad sick and I remember I was still
tertiary Chuck water and then throw it
up knowing I'd throw it up so I was so
thirsty and that's how I was last night
I was like this isn't worth it like I
don't care the money like I just I have
to go get an IV and I felt so much
better but I'm still just like well
today Ellie has a really hard time
gaining weight as you guys know so like
this is pretty serious business when
she's throwing up and she can't keep
anything down
because she's little as it is it's tough
like it's really really hard for her but
I think you are being like so strong and
you are being so strong and I'm proud of
you thanks and I love you let me - ain't
no way like getting offended like a lot
of people have been like oh my gosh
you're so lucky lost your baby way or
whatever like I don't get offended but I
do have to say that you know sometimes
people that are a little struggle just
as much as people that struggle with
their weight they're overweight
you know like like I like are you right
I can't afford to lose like weight like
I was so sick last night like I thought
I was gonna die like I think death was
at my doorstep but anyway thanks for
wishing me better I hope the suit feels
makes me feel better
thanks today has been a day from today
has been a day of rest Ellie has not
felt well at all the entire day today
and she's just been resting finally
finally she's able to get out of bed and
she was able to wash her hair and I
think honestly like taking a shower
taking a bath when you're sick is one of
the best things that you can do because
you always feel better afterwards
I just did and I feel really good and I
was actually just noticing my hair is
getting like really long I can see my
hair was a lot was the last time we cut
your hair maybe a brain or have your
little hair off I think it was do you
guys remember that hair off that we had
on Instagram me and Brian yeah we should
probably do that again sometime my hair
is so long right now this I don't know
if it's like ever been this long before
it's really long but yeah I need to get
a haircut so when maybe when you're
feeling better you can cut my hair
anyway we're gonna end the vlog today so
thank you guys so much for all your
sweet comments about Ellie she's doing a
little bit better I don't know I don't
even remember what I talked about
earlier but like a lot of my family was
sick and I don't think it's good
poisoning i honest because my sister her
kids had a bug anyway so I think I just
got it back and then on top of it I was
really dehydrated but um do you remember
how to use words I'm kidding I feel I
was looking through the footage I'm like
man I probably should be nicer like I
feel like I don't sound very nice but
I'm really nice to you Elliot I like I
take care of you up I think I may have
gotten it the word
like I fell back solo dancers definitely
you definitely got a favor I just want
to go to the hospital like the kids are
sick and they're fine better like I was
like it was bad I was bad so I thought
that I went and I just thank you again
though for all the spy comments Oh
Jackson got a cheating bracelet right
here and he's so excited about it aren't
you year's being so vocal right now have
you guys ever heard Jackson whine
he's whining right now that's for sure
okay that's okay though Kelly it's time
to end the vlog I actually want to see
if Jax now that Jackson's awake I want
to see what he does when I do a
handstand so I'm gonna cry I'm gonna
give it a real go okay I've only held in
like once today because I haven't you
know I haven't been feeling well but I
think now that I'm showered and stuff
huh we can oh we can do okay huh thanks
for watching guys have a wonderful day
see ya tomorrow
I'll feel better whoa
