and I thought I'm either good at poop or
I thought I'm gonna throw what and I
pooped my pants
we are at the parade we are all wearing
our red lipstick at our festive colors
hey with that oh my gosh Cody show me
Olivia show me what you guys just got
okay lucky you guys are you got the fire
hats
Cody show what you got all right we
finally made it we made it to the parade
and I don't know about you guys but I
think I'm hanging out with two of the
prettiest girls in the entire world
right now you totally are yeah that's me
let's be humble about it to you but I'm
excited we have a really good spot here
right on the corner and we are just
hanging out having a really good time Oh
Ellie by the way did you know right
there that's the Provo temple they're
building it right now yeah it's pitiful
to sit right next to it yeah that's
pretty sweet but we've got the parade
going they're coming around the corner
dude she's excited
what do you think about this Boston
you're just chewing on your graham
cracker having a good time Jackson look
I cuz there's like math waiting shirts
look at that how cute is that these guys
are twinners and Ellie and Jackson are
sporting their first OS maybe they'll
give me free stuff guys are gonna go
through the parade way too fast
I don't know like then you spoke a walk
through a parade right not right a bike
they're gonna go way too quick you know
what I was thinking Ellie you know what
this parade needs more cowbell more
cowbell that's what this bridge is more
cowbell you can always use more cowbell
sweep your leg sweep the leg go roller
derby you guys get down in Derby don't
you you guys get down in Derby don't you
I'm right
as I'm all about free t-shirts I'm all
about free t-shirt get a free t-shirt
just the funnest thing ever
oh you're webslinger thanks friendly
neighborhood spider-man say bye
spider-man that's so cool that was
spider-man did you see that he's still
here man
the goal of the day today is to get one
completely free date night we have the
event we just got some free tickets to
comedy Sportz yet boy oh baby
holy hot rod now we just need dinner and
then we need dessert do a barrel roll
we're supported the Boy Scouts of
America
got your otter pops here no weird you in
regular water an otter pops thank you so
much here you go girls I've got a water
Thank You Love you're welcome to this hi
Jackson
oh you having a good time oh my goodness
look at that unibrow Ellie look at that
unibrow oh no he's taken after me you
are he's taken after his dad oh no guys
my unibrow is so bad
Ellie you'll have to be on that just fax
it me goes to connect down hey buddy do
you want to film for me thanks bud you
feel okay good job come on all of our
grandpa's would be the Utah veteran huh
holy Hannah Montana look at the size of
that thing
that's ginormous my alma mater
go Cougars single tear just a single
tear you guys know who my biggest fans
are before we finish with the rest of
our festivities I've got the whole I
didn't get the whole family they all
wanted to watch my video so we've got
dad and Ruby and like the whole fam
family here and we are gonna watch the
video how special is that
ah that's how it's done that's how it's
done the guys are going shooting and I'm
so excited is that a no idea chair looks
on you go shooting or shoot you have to
act more manly to shoot clay pigeons
it's gonna be so fun
let's get me so exciting
it's so fun having all the cousins cross
an age look how cute you to luck
wrestling Cody right so Cody you playing
with your toys
how Q are you boys get so fun all the
mommies are here and we're just letting
our babies play they're all going down
Julie you're going down into the pool I
wish all of us could get in the pool
don't you mom - I wish that you could
just get into a pool and swim this is
what I call child labor Thank You Jay
okay how's the food portion of fourth of
July begin yet I'm hungry what have we
got going on here yum yum yum yum yum
watermelon watermelon and cherries all
day Oh what I'm gonna green elbow you've
got you dry now it is so hot today so
anything cool sounds good to me right
now what in the world are you guys
making over here
root beer that's so cool
how do you guys make root beer we've got
something in this bag that must be
really important that's dry ice yeah oh
my gosh oh my goodness root beer all day
root beer all day root beer all day say
it again Cody root beer all the day the
witch's brew can you smell it
dry-ice mom is this what they used to
put on my warts yes guys do you guys
want to see you some scars that I have
I'll show you one it's like right there
can you see it that scar I have lots of
scars they used to put dry ice on it to
try
Mary Jackson do you smell that smells
like freedom that's what it smells like
smells like freedom guys mm-hmm American
freedom burgers hot sunny days that's
the fourth of July that's the fourth of
July Jackson I'm still trying to figure
out what color jackson's eyes are gonna
be right now they look really blue but
that could be that he's just looking up
at the sky and everything but what do
you think Ellie Brown you think they'll
be brown like a mama yeah they'll be red
I don't know I'm still fighting sorry no
I'm fighting for blue guys you're my boy
blue
okay kids here's the deal we're gonna
have a handstand contest boo where's Bo
Bo we'll probably beat me well we'll be
right back okay we'll get Bobo's my
brother and we've got all the little
kids here we're like wrangling the kids
like nah we want to go do stuff no you
got it your hands down Bo my eyes on you
yeah set the camera to focus on Bo
because okay hey are you ready kids
okay okay can you do it one two three
did dad just try and hit Ruby good job
Gary do you want did dad just try and do
one and hit you hmm did you just try and
do one it hit her come on dad come in
the grass okay wait wait wait
I won why aren't you filming me oh we're
worried about her okay yeah he did it
yeah one more time let's have dad come
in the grass okay Jared have may be dad
dad Bo and Jared Sunburst father verse
son-in-law maybe if I do a handstand
you'll finally respect me Oh Jared still
trying to earn brownie points sorry
I'm the youngest son in law so I I have
to like work my so we all pick on Jared
okay you need to respect him
okay ready one two three try it
whoa oh it's out dad out you and Jared
chakalaka
hey Kevin I really like your only
Matheny men only as the truest man takes
a manly man to be brave enough to wear
this to party those burgers look good
got some woodwork just sure are you
smarter what work sister sir Sir sir Sir
Richard sir sauce on it work yes does
anybody know how to say that were sure
sure we're sure sure shire Worchester
Shire we're trying to tire we're Chester
Oh okay round two a pan stand woman
style are you ready to rock and roll
handstand is the game who is the longest
is the name on your marks get set go
Ellie by a nose Ellie by a nose okay
guys that was pretty bad let's let's try
this again round two of the women's
quarterfinals in the handstand
competition are you ready go oh that's
my wife that's my wife that's my wife
that's how we roll I am excited to eat
this food this looks really really
really really good Kevin
everything looks so good doesn't it yeah
that's what hi when a guy wears an apron
yeah I was just gonna say I'm missing
the apron though right now but it's big
probably because of the apron that
everything looks so good so don't dog
the apron guys don't dog it cuz it's
that's how this happened
I think there's some cousin
relationships building there don't you
he got her like ready porn and then he
got in trouble for something really
that's cute he got her play ready Oh
founding of America this is a story of
three ships
hi I am Johnson I am the captain of
Jamestown hero Q who will not work for
money our Meiji I am Patrick at Cisco
and I am here to kill games town captain
Francisco was a dreaded pirate you had
made it his quest to kill and plunder
all non Spanish settlements I am trying
to find the shortest me took James
charities the ship Marian John arrives
only hours before captain Francisco when
the Pirates saw an English ship in the
harbor he thought that it was a war boat
decided not to attack well what they
have protection I'm not with my time I'm
out of here
so we're shooting here bow and arrows we
just finished up eating dinner and
everything Kevin and Chad have been
doing some archery and I was like oh I
can do it I could at least try and I
should probably show you I'm pretty
impressed with myself I had a pretty
good grouping here there's four in the
bullseye
Casey levere would be proud of me have
this thing called beginner's luck
beginner's luck I guess
let's wait for round two and see
excellent instruction is what you oh
yeah Kevin showed me really well that's
what it is
that's right hold your arm out as far as
it'll go okay now pull it back to your
cheat far as you can
a little lower a little lower okay right
there hey you made it halfway pull back
a little bit further if you can hey good
job Thanks
get shot Ali okay Jackson are you ready
to watch these fireworks we're gonna
have a lot of fun guys Kody are you
ready to watch the fireworks yeah yeah
we're gonna have a lot of fun we're
gonna end the vlog right here guys
because we want to enjoy this I might
get some footage of the fireworks but
we're gonna we're gonna say goodbye
right now should we do a handstand or
should we call the ones we did earlier
hands down I'm not really feeling good
Oh everyone wish Ellie to feel better in
the comments below or else I'm coming
after you good bye have a good night
guys we'll see happy fourth of July and
we'll see you in the next video bye guys
you know how I told you that I didn't
feel very well this is a lot of personal
information but it's life and I want to
share this wonderful kind of crappy
experience we were walking to Walmart
and I thought I'm either gonna poop or I
thought I'm gonna throw what
and I pooped my pants hmm
and my sister's have such a cool story
to tell you that I never let them tell
you I'm embarrassed like I'm embarrassed
but I want to share he has wonderful
things he's meant it for me well yeah
we're not telling you because we want
you to know like pooped your pants but
it's because the amazing men and
McDonald's so Ellie um had to go to the
bathroom and there was a huge line the
woman so she ran right into the men's
and mediately two men stood up and said
they blocked her they blocked the door
and would not let anybody go and they
said that they wanted to make sure that
she was taking care there was a sick
girl that needed to her privacy in the
bathroom and he said we want to make
sure that she feels comfortable so I ran
back to where we were I got a blanket to
wrap up you know the dirties and wrap
ran back and as soon as I got there they
and they were like big Meg men mightily
they literally like parted the ways open
the door and said go ahead I went in and
it closed right back up they closed it
right back up and I came back out and
the line was huge and not one man
complained no one man so we said okay
you guys go in and you see Anna
stall the stall alone and fill the tube
bodyguards said okay men keep it classy
go in laughing that's so that way I
wanna show stir and not sway
embarrassing that it's everyday life
that we're vlogging and it's
embarrassing antics licking crap my
cancer are you okay yeah so anyway I
think I want to end there I can see you
guys later I still don't feel well so I
put Jackson's diaper I threw my
underwear away so I get it looks
embarrassing goodbye goodbye goodbye
