oh my goodness guess what we're doing
this we are the balloon festival yeah
the balloon festival and I've got my
sister here Emily and run little caters
and Jackson and we're gonna watch all
these balloons and flight I'm very
excited whoa
well Utah
they wanted my balloon
no I wanna do you want it okay there you
go
give it to us as you can see many of the
pilots are well due to weather the winds
were blowing a little too hard all the
balloons couldn't get up some of them
were just deflated and everything but as
soon as we leave Jackson is out it was a
lot of fun we got to see a few of the
balloons go up so that was cool and we
got to see a couple people get pulled by
the balloons because they were trying to
the winds were just taking them all over
the place are there drug all over the
place it was funny so we get home and
the first thing that happens is cake
gets in the swing what are you doing are
you playing in the swing silly oh that's
so cute
and I'll use reading Kate a book and
it's so precious
oh it's so cute don't you read it again
okay one thing that you may not know
about me guys is I don't take naps I am
NOT a Napper but Ellie is a Napper Ellie
likes to take naps but I just took the
most glorious nap in the world I was so
tired this morning we got a decent
amount of sleep but I still was just so
exhausted so I slept on the couch for a
little bit and now I have to go to work
so you are now in the hands of Ellie
belly see you later see you later Gator
I'm in a while crocodile so I'm gonna
work you guys have some fun okay okay
yeah what do you get when you have three
hairstylists and one sister with lots of
fun kids and no styling
and yes she has more sighing experience
then she says but we are all helping my
sister cut her little girl's hair and so
all three of us me Bonnie and Emily are
teaching Ruby how to cut Sherry's hair
thank you thank you for your help
you're welcome you guys I thought that
it was really easy reading to kids books
all you have to do is read the story and
kids will sit and they will love it but
not these three princesses guess what
these girls kept doing the whole time
girls can you tell them what you told me
as I was reading the book what what did
you tell me when I said and that was
Elsa's sister it was I wanna it's on uh
sorry aunt Ellie it's it's it's Anna not
Anna correct is that right yeah what
about is is hands Anna's boyfriend it's
Hans not Hannes
I can't read this book I've even watched
the movie and I don't even know and
where's the where's the place that the
girls go and visit is it what island
earth and looking through the book do
you guys what is it called
Aaron Aaron doh Aaron arendelle I said
aaron doh but it's no I said arendelle
yeah yeah I said that's arendelle but
they said no it's arendelle
I think I'm already wore out I just read
one book and I'm wore out but I said I
would read one more book now it's
between Cinderella and Snow White what
one do you want to see no no I won't you
want to see Snow White so everyone's for
Snow White
okay but see if I can read Snow White
and not get anything incorrect okay okay
let's read Snow White how old are you
nine you're nine and what are you
wanting to do with this broom
this kid is nine and he wants to clean
up the house the mom's just left and I'm
here cuz Jackson's still asleep and Chad
is nine years old and he's like the
house is a mess and I was like and I
just kind of stood there and he's like I
guess we'll clean so this nine-year-old
just wanted to clean so I could help him
clean up the house good job Chad high
five high five - everyone went to pick
up the pizza and we needed to put
Jackson in the car and me have room so I
put him in his cousin's car seat and
doesn't he look beautiful look how
beautiful he looks in this pink floral
car seat it's so beautiful makes it fall
asleep big raindrops we had to get out
of the rain
some Hummer under heaven how fun does
this look we just put our babies down to
that and all the cousins are sleeping
with each other
and look at these look black cherry
orange cream huckleberry
Oh Ruby just brought out the mother
lodes we have all of this pop and candy
don't oh my goodness we should all that
sister should get together more often
and put our kids to go together so we
can like eat junk food in half yummy pop
all night long thank you and my parents
would make us go clean the candy bar
wrapper and their empty pop bottle on a
Saturday morning because Friday night
they had spent the whole night and we're
like wait we have to clean up your mess
you had treats all night without us yeah
that was the person being
I can't decide yep I remember huh bots
carry for me it's that time of night
again guys we have to be so quiet cuz
the babies are asleep what is so funny
you're just so yeah we do know that guys
bye thinks I'm cute we have four kids
and three adults in our little place and
that sort of have to be quiet is there
so many kids sleeping cuz we're gonna
wake up away early tomorrow okay here's
what you guys need to do you have to do
the quietest best handstand of your life
right now are you ready
sweep the leg
sweep the leg oh geez oh geez
