okay guys good morning good morning good
morning how you doing I do mean don't go
don't go glad to hear it two things guys
one I am so proud of my little guy
Jackson he I am amazed by him too
he still has a fever um but he's doing
awesome
he's like amazing to me I don't get it
like he is such a trooper he had a fever
like the whole night last night but he
didn't cry at all he would just whimper
a little bit and so like I feel really
bad because like he has his fever and
everything but he's not like making it
known to us I he's like really really
sick he's not really like bursting into
tears and crying it out and all that
kind of stuff he's like a trooper he's
like staying strong and he is tough we
have a tough little cookie on our hands
guys and I'm like really proud of him
and he's only six months old if still
it's like wow like dude Jackson you're
awesome you are doing good but Ellie and
I were up like all night last night
monitoring him and making sure
everything's good he even slept in our
bed for a good portion of the night
because he was just you know tossing and
turning and everything like that in his
own crib so we just brought him into our
own crib and I think he slept a lot
better that way we didn't though
I'm tired guys hahaha but I am actually
running to the store right now I've got
to pick up some things from like
Pedialyte some juice and everything for
us and I've got to get the oil change no
for the car guys geez get your mind out
of the gutter I am here at Jude and I'm
finally getting my
change and you really can't make a trip
to Japan mood or any car place for that
matter without getting a nice bag of
popcorn I know it's really early in the
morning and basically this is the
breakfast of champions guys so I know
it's throwback Thursday our one taker
today but with everything that's been
going on we kind of want to fill you in
a little bit more so Jackson is doing a
little bit better right now and actually
right now Ellie is feeding him some
pears some baby food and let's see how
he does with it
did you tell him those temperature so we
just checked his temperature Ann's down
to 99 so that's a good thing is that
good what do you think about that dude
his own else thicker than this this is
kinda he seems much happier right now
yeah I was lost when I got home from
running errands he was smiling at me and
he was saying dead dead dead dead dead
yeah damn it dead dead dead dead dad
doesn't care for it okay guys I have
something that needs to be said this
needs to be brought onto the table it's
pretty important are you telling us
Ellie has a strange infatuation with the
Kardashians and Ellie's like Jared
before you go to work well you get
Kardashians on the TV so I can watch it
and that's where I'm trying to do I have
to get Ellie and the Kardashians
together so they can meet and have fun
and watch TV together or something like
that so Ellie likes the Kardashians
don't judge her it's okay it's just
another form of entertainment I won't
hold anything against her but that's
what I'm doing right I you love them
Ellie well I do I'm not like I'm just
interested in watching yeah I'm
interested in watching and being part of
their life I guess it's kind of the same
thing like oh well it's I mean the same
idea they're filming their life
you're having a piece of their life and
we're filming our life and people are
having a piece of our life I just think
our life is nicer that's more realistic
not scripted a lot of fun and actually
we script all of our vlogs guys we write
down a script for every single one of
our vlogs and that's how you get what
you get what do you think we just told
our biggest secret to the world Ellie
yeah we told them that our vlogs are
scripted yeah cuz you work 45 hours a
week and we have time to do that Ellie
that was the wrong line we need to go
back and edit that out okay yeah she's
she's still learning guys because Jared
thought it would be so funny to tell you
guys that I love the Kardashians I will
say one thing and one thing only and
then I will never bring up the
Kardashians ever again I will say that
in today's society here I'm like this
like two one-year-old son I'm telling
you guys but something that I was taught
growing up and something that I've
noticed with like maybe childhood
friends and especially the Kardashians
is people always use the excuse other
teenagers they can stomp out of the room
they can yell at their parents they can
run and take their car and speed down
the street they're just teenagers bull
you guys we everyone needs to respect
their parents there is no way that my
mom or dad would let that fly yeah they
wouldn't let that fly me growing up if I
did that like absolutely not like I
wouldn't even dare think of it like you
just don't you need to respect your
parents and that is the last thing I'll
say about the Kardashians is I noticed
watching this episode I just rolled my
eyes because I'm like you guys don't
even get it like you don't so anyway
that's it that's my teaching parenting
skill 1 101 today for you but Jackson's
been asleep for a very long time he's
taken a little over a two-hour nap so I
think that he's getting a lot of rest
and I hope that he is much better when
he wakes up so I'm excited to take his
temperature and to snuggle him a little
bit more when he wakes up okay let's
take your temperature should we do wait
uh-uh
haha
ninety eight point eight that looks
about right you got a little stuffy nose
though I can see some snut going you
feel you feel pretty good to me chewy
okay guys so here is the update one I
got home from work to Jackson's fever
went way way down
he is teething another in another spot
like down here like on his canines he's
teething he has more teeth coming in
isn't that crazy I can't believe it he's
like going so fast when I was a kid my
teeth didn't grow in until I was like
really really old so this is a good sign
my teeth were messed up when I was a kid
just so you guys know I had major
Braceface
going on you had multiple teeth I did I
had extra t30 oh hi Emily
surprise we have a visitor this is
Ellie's sister and my sister and level
your are your sister-in-law but you're
our sister yes yeah this is my brother's
wife I call my in-laws mom and dad and I
call like my in-laws like they're just
like my brother and sister it just makes
it easier less syllables right anyway so
number three is I am shipping out all of
the contest winners t-shirts tonight so
congratulations again and we'll have to
start thinking about when we haven't
want to have another contest what do you
think yeah do that but I think it's time
to end the vlog so so Dan catch what
here we go
okay let me pull my phone out should I
take on my shirt so you guys don't see
my skin piece yeah can you have the big
day tomorrow that's why I'm like we
gotta end the vlog we have to wake up
away you guys look like to watch we have
to wake up like 5:00 in the morning so
watching tomorrow's ball cuz it's gonna
be awesome
okay oh don't do that
people make fun to be fit but it's funny
huh huh oh that's a bad that's a bad
word Louie try the kiddin hmm thanks for
watching guys have a good night but my
squeeze some cheeks
