good morning guys
it's another day it's another day it's
another day it's another day today is
what is today Tuesday it's Tuesday
morning what the Hello Kitty guys it has
been one full month of daily vlogs le
can you believe that
Hello Kitty what the Hello Kitty have
one full month guys we did it we went
through one full month of daily logs and
guess what we're still here Jackson you
guys still like us you really like us
you really like us we are going to make
it as boring as possible so we get
nobody's expectations up too high it's
been going on all morning so I hope he
does it Jackson has been saying death
death death death death death death
death death death oh you want to get
away you're not gonna get away from me
you're not for at least 18 years cuz
you're mine do you guys wanna know a
secret
I buy my nails I'm sorry Ellie hates it
more than anything in the world
Oh some when I'm in bed sometimes I'll
like cross my feet and I'll click my
toenails
it's disgust and Ellie hates that but I
know why it's just like this this weird
thing that I do I have no idea why I do
it but I do and I also bite my nails I
try not to but and they're just like oh
they're really long
better not make them that way so I just
ah that's what I do her spouse I am you
know what we've been wanting to go on
another hike lately but Jared's worked
the closing shift like every day this
week and we could go in the mornings but
then we wake up and we all fall back
asleep sore so tired cuz we're up to
like 2:00 in the morning
editing logs so uh but this weekend's
gonna be really really fun it's a lot of
fourth of July festivities but today I
think we're just gonna chillax
chillax like a family like a boss um
fourth of July Independence Day but
today is not fourth of July not even
close
actually it's kind of closed for three
days away it's the first July is oh my
gosh guys
what should I tell him what I'm going to
be doing on the night spoiler alert
should I tell him yeah why not I'm going
on a hot-air balloon ride but I'm not
going with Jared which is kind of weird
it said why would you go on this sudden
what like what I'm not going with you
why would you go on like this fun
adventure without Jared but my friend
she got my air balloon ticket and her
other friend was able to go so she's
like Ellie do you want to go and I was
like yes so I am really excited for you
I'm kind of sad cuz I've always wanted
to go chair but we'll go again I'll test
well yeah Ellie will do the test run and
she'll take the GoPro and she'll get all
the cool footage and it'll be like I was
actually there I'm not going to take the
GoPro I'll take the GoPro enjoy good
camera and you're going to strap it
through you're going to take both you're
going to strap it to your head and
you're going to get awesome GoPro
footage and you're gonna take the pole
and you're gonna hold it out and it's
gonna be awesome
something like that I'll take the camera
we have been tasked with tasks
and we each have what
first
we'll be done first like marks Get Set
hey are you ready Jackson we've got a
hurry and beat mom you've got a hurry
and beat mom I have to get some baby
stuff some diapers formula and some
onesies I think I have to get Natalie's
going to get some different types of
food and everything so we can eat this
is going to make or break the
competition I can not find the onesies
that I need I'm looking for a
short-sleeve 9-month onesies and they
are nowhere to be found
I don't know what I'm gonna do but I
think Ellie's gonna win now oh no
thought I'm the winner
look who won I'm done you've got like
one item
what's up Jared I got everything I
needed but I am missing I just don't
know which one's used to get because
they're not the ones that you told me to
get well they're all long sleep huh
right I told him to get white plain
onesies to go under his clothes I can't
find any well yeah I mean there's a lot
of onesies but not the right kind lame
so I don't know I give up
I just give up clean-up on aisle four I
lost the competition
Ellie dropped the camera and now Jackson
needs to go take a nap so I love you
guys have a wonderful day you're
wonderful you're marvelous you're
amazing you're incredible you're
fantastic unbelievable and awesome
things have a good day see you guys give
me a kiss I'll get it Dada Dada Dada
Dada Dada Dada Dada Dada Dada Dada Dada
Dada okay we gonna clip your fingernails
cuz we're gonna have a fun weekend and
we don't want you scratching anyone you
could it be a good boy
there you go not this one that one's
kind of line just a couple more
look how good those look if you were a
little girl I'd paint them hey one last
hand whoo this is a middle finger we
should leave that one extra long in case
you need to use it just kidding we don't
do that we don't use our middle finger
look how good the oak should you your
toe since you're being good to your big
toe that's always the worst let's look
at this toe let's look at this big toe
ah look at that one look Jackson does
long all time
put that away see how beautiful they
look or hands are shall I say oh whoa
those look good jack see dust unions
look good Oh huh can we see your tongue
huh therapy Hey
huh dear day sent me zero you bitch more
Jackson this he looked like a little
turtle with this tongue out mama and
your home and your home and your home in
a good time so excited I just got home
from work and I'm gonna party party
about it cuz everything is awesome
like everything is cool and you're part
of the team everything I shake that
booty shook that boomer shook up booty
shook up book this is the chicken dance
dee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee nee guys
I just got home from work and guess what
that means it's time to end the vlog um
we actually just got a letter was it
yesterday the one that said this is
exciting I have to show you this because
it's like way better than I could ever
do Thank You Breanna it's like look at
that like that is me like like I think
that looks like me so I really like that
thank you for Ana for sending the letter
and the picture cuz I love it it's great
um guys we did it one full month of
daily vlogs and I think we'll do it
again yeah thumbs up for that thumbs and
don't thumbs down for this but how a sad
oh there's something on there but how
sad Jackson has a fever right now of a
little over a hundred yeah barely like
it's a hundred point four right now so
we're gonna keep an eye on it really
really close this is his first he's
never been like well he was sick that
one time when he was
throwing up he had the little cybus this
the most out of my fever it wasn't bad
he didn't have a fever um so anyway were
to keep an eye on that and really sad so
guys thank you for watching and I hope
that you like Jackson clipping his
little fingernails
how cute was that he was such a good boy
idea what you did today in the vlog so
I'm anxious to see and now I'm outside
the most exciting thing for me is I get
to go back and see what you did today I
know it's not much but something fun ok
yeah watching here's a handstand to beat
all other handstands that I got ok now I
can see your belly fun not the piano
that was a good one yeah sure good bye
guys
by travelpod member
