oh I didn't want to start the day crying
Ellie I know we just kind of like
recouped and we just watched Jen and
Sam's I always want to say to my god we
just watched sambucas birth wha her
birth video today she just had her baby
just to go and it was very emotional
definitely a tearjerker yeah it was so
cool vegetable it was like we got to
relive ours
yeah it was like aha I remember that I
remember that I remember that feeling
that thought that emotion and it's it's
just so cool I can totally see why
people get baby hungry like I know I'm
baby hungry feels like now yeah and it's
different to see how different each
delivery is mine was a hundred percent
different than hers good or bad whatever
I don't think there was that different I
mean she experienced different things
than I did
yeah it's just crazy like I'm really
happy for them congratulation
congratulation guys we love you Jared
and I were talking and we know what it's
like right when you have a baby I didn't
really want lots of people around me or
around my baby or anything but Jared and
I were like maybe here in a week once
they're home and maybe people aren't
visiting them as much it would be fun to
go bring them dinner and not gonna bring
you guys dinner but not even visit like
I don't know if you know cuz we have a
baby too so I don't know you know you
don't want to over sit on people's tell
us but and I think maybe we'll throw
them a text here in a week and ask if
they want us to bring on a steak it'd be
fun to go guess what Ellie wanted though
this at all I feel like I just want a
big meaty steak for dinner yep so Texas
Roadhouse will be in our future but
congratulations guys to be my team and
I'm sure you guys have it probably below
income down below so you guys can go
watch their links down below links down
below
Jackson's still asleep Jackson woke up
this morning he slept in he like slept
until 8:30 and then and then I fed him
and I was like maybe I can get it
because I don't work until 12:00 today
so I was like maybe I can get a little
bit more sleep I'll just put Jackson
back down in the crib
like he's not gonna go back to Simon's
like Jerry it's like get him out of bed
like we need to play with them and then
he fell back asleep and I was like yes
let's go he's asleep so pretty much he
went to bed at 8:00 now he slept till
8:30 he woke up at 8:30 to eat and went
back to sleep from 9:00 and now it's
almost 11:00 so he is a sleepy McGee
right now I thought a word sleeping
again yeah of course it is he's asleep
if it isn't we just made it up sleepy
McGee right now and of course five
minutes later after we say that he's
still asleep
what do we find out hey Jackson hi good
morning it's like how does he get so big
so fast you know baby baby baby you're
so cute doesn't it just make you
grateful do you see him look at his
change did you see my let me get a rag
camera doesn't it make you grateful like
after saying that grateful for what we
have and I'm just so grateful for him he
is a blessing he is my favorite he's my
little boy I have one goal today and one
goal only my goal is to clean and
organize our closet
holy moly um I'm really kind of
embarrassed I kind of got started
outside there so much crap right here
but Jackson is in his little
/ and you guys were like it's inside out
and he needed to be higher so I lifted
it higher and then I flipped his things
the right way I don't know what I'm
doing can you tell I'm a first-time mom
like oh it looks great and thank you
guys for being nice about it you guys
are like not trying to be rude but just
letting you know so it does mean a lot
cuz sometimes you never know how other
people will interpret it comments so
thank you for being nice about it but
that is my goal today because Jared and
I we have a lot of summer plans a summer
July is a crazy month August is a crazy
month September is a crazy month and I
just thought you know I want to be able
to have our closet our clothes get rid
of what we don't need jared has a ton of
clothes laying around I just posted a
pair of his old work shoes that don't
really fit him very well I just posted
that on our church's website to see if
anybody wanted them or needed them so
that is my goal we're gonna get this
cleaned are you ready are you gonna help
me no you guys don't want to help me
okay else okay I'm gonna clean it and
I'll see you guys when it's clean this
is as good as it's gonna get today
because I can't do I can't use any more
of my time for this so that's what we
get today it does look a little better
at least the top is better and just an
FYI Jared does have more than two shirts
some comments about that see he has this
showed that he loves to wear the must
and he has this shirt that he loves some
more than most but those are all of
jared shirts and then he has all of his
work clothes in the back foot that's as
good as it's gonna get for the day i'm
gonna shut the closet and try not to
think about it any longer
oh my goodness guys he loves this he is
a staff in this he's going crazy you are
a jumping fool oh I should turn the
camera off I know I do
you're so cute one more good jump yes
there you go so one of my walking
friends invited me a Jackson to go down
to the corner where they have a doughnut
shop set up they only come once a week
and they're really good I've only had
them once but I'm really excited and
Jackson I think will fall asleep because
he's been his jumper for like over an
hour so I think he's pretty exhausted
these are the dumbest I was telling you
guys about I got the Boston cream and my
friend got the coconut hope yeah coconut
coconut yummy we are so excited to eat
them I've only come here once Jarrett's
brought him home before but I've never
come to the little donut shop it's okay
little Jackson I think is just playing
with his half yeah he's gonna play and I
can eat my donut if she doesn't she's
the fire forever off we're all gonna be
ticked
I could have sworn people said that
Brian was gonna win the show yeah I had
to delete a couple comments cuz you guys
were saying the brain was gonna win
sided delete it so you went root for
everyone but I guess she got the farmer
so good job this is exciting
we just got mail and I am so excited
guys
you will not believe this I am so
excited Melinda and Jeremy from
Australia good I might let's put another
shrimp on the barbie
right there Lowe's is so awesome like
how they you can these you can hear the
accent in the letter yeah Melinda you're
awesome and Jeremy you are awesome I am
so excited though
check this out Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim I
have never had a Tim Tam and I am so
excited to try the tube Tim slams no I
know it's a quick taste but once we've
tried a brownie
we got original and we've got this
raspberry I'm gonna go save and I'm
gonna go original and just try it out
with the original we can open - we can
try - I'm excited wait
even better that's like a wafer filled
with heavenly goodness thank you so much
but most of all thank you for your
letter Melinda and her husband she has
PCOS and she said that she found our
vlogs when she just found out the shed
PCOS and thank you for the letter I
really enjoyed it and wonderful Briana
thank you for your letter I haven't
opened it up yet but this is exciting
thank you so much I'm ten pounds like I
said nobody's business
Jerry just got home from work my girls
my girls my friends just left we are
watching The Bachelor I really like the
farmer but she does not deserve him she
kind of a guy is she kind of like the
teaser she's like what am I gonna do
here and he's like well there's a hole
you can be a homemaker and she was just
like homemakers are hard guys you know I
cook and I clean and I am I'm so
grateful for everything that Ellie does
I want to be I would not be able to do
it I would not I would fail the little
things with car insurances male like
that's like the little detail things is
like well I usually end up taking care
of and it's a lot of work but that's not
saying that you have to do it oh no no
no but I what I was saying was her face
was like disgusted I look like being a
homemaker was you know what I mean
anyway we gotta end the vlog okay so my
turn to do this I think you should do a
handstand because I've been overdoing
okay I have to tuck in my shirts I get
so annoyed when I look back at footage
I'm like Lily tuck in your shirt no
unless it's your belly button okay I
want to do good I have been doing good
lately make it loud make a proud bed
Hicks come on sugar better we got a
FaceTime Brandon is Ian
as : were Thursday and figure it out
anyway see you guys oh that's good
