I see you know I see you what are you
doing beacon in man family that walks to
church together stays together let's try
that that works
look at this cute little foot just chill
on there you're just rocket you get
ready to go check
I love Winnie Winnie pieces oh yeah wait
stop
I'm all over the place can you guys see
you said Jackson right Oh captain Bugs
Bunny ready
a handstand whoa
you should be on the end of our videos
you think who are you like what are you
doing handstand he was doing a good hand
span move over let me push Jackson hey
hey hmm I'm not yelling at you I just
want you to really likes to push the
stroller for some reason and she's
carrying the bag and she's like no I
want to push the story I was like well
then it like makes me look bad like I'm
not pushing the stroller and I'm not
carrying the bag so I look bad but you
won't let me do either one of them what
is that all about Ellie yeah you can
hold it back sankyou
Oh give me something to do holy cow this
is heavy I don't want to carry that very
good just kidding
well that's all she wrote we are done
with Church Jackson has already got his
clothes off he's been taking those off
as soon as he got in the door he took
his pants off he took his cardigan it
sides all the way off that kid he's just
like to take his cardigan off until we
blog you in the car I'm sorry hold it up
cuz it's blurry hold on
there it goes Ellie that looks like it'd
be a perfect fit for you like you
thought that's a cool looking garden he
is freaking handsome in that little
outfit but as soon as we walked in the
door he started taking off his clothes
he's like I am done the church I am
ready to go home that's how we do Sunday
let's take a nap take your clothes off
and yeah so real quick one thing that we
talked about today and I think this is
so huge every day and I don't know why
people don't do this more and more often
well we talked about the church kind of
yeah when I taught I mean I talked about
it at work even too but like the golden
rule is so huge in today's date like
yeah do unto others as you would have
others do to you be nice to people and I
just think God part like nobody does
that well I'm just saying like at yo but
yeah people do but everyone can be
better at the Golden Rule and I just
like with my daily interactions with
everything that I hear every single day
I feel like you know give people the
benefit of the doubt be nice
be happy if we were all just a little
bit happier and nicer to each other
think of the impact and a different side
it would make a lonely doughnut
yeah if Nellie was just a little bit
nicer to me I'd be a lot more happy
she's gonna feed me guys if I have any
bruises you know what to do back Jacob
choking neck drop kicks dad to the hog
yeah oh you see what I have to go
through with but no seriously honest
serious no like oh and Ellie is probably
the nicest person I know she is so nice
I need too many you are I you know what
I actually just telling my sister Bonnie
the other day we're talking about
YouTube and I was like oh hey Bonnie I
was like YouTube has actually changed me
a little bit I am I mean I don't care
what you say everybody is a little
judgmental you walk into a store and you
say you got shirts up here all that
shirts cute
you walk into a hair salon who I don't
really like that girl's color but I like
that girl's color you boys walk into a
store you hate those shoes you like
those shoes you know something like that
and YouTube has actually taught me to be
a little bit more open-minded and not
judge as much because people have been
surprisingly I'm surprised because
before we start on YouTube I've seen
other people's comments I've seen how
people are to people and I'm like I
don't know but everybody's been really
for the most part open-minded I'm pretty
positive so that in turn has kind of
made me be a bit a little bit like you
know maybe I should be more open-minded
and am i rambling no I I'm waiting I
want for you to say nicer not just
open-minded but honestly what Ellie's
saying is true like I was worried about
doing YouTube and reading all the
comments because I've read comments on
other people's YouTube pages before you
guys have really really blown me away
and blown Ellie and blow us out of the
water we we don't know what to do like
all of our comments are like so positive
and uplifting and everything and it's so
cool to have all of these really nice
comments so thank you for being such an
awesome community I'm not done
ah I'm not done yet but as I was saying
in your daily life I challenge you guys
here's the thing guys
Heidi I challenge you this week be just
a little bit nicer have a positive
attitude smile a little bit more just
like Jackson take the golden rule to
heart do unto others as you would have
others do to you or some variation on
that whatever you guys want to do just
be happy let's have fun
I love to live life and let's have fun
together don't you think Ellie I agree I
just show you guys something real quick
here you take the very heart actually do
you want to get his little sleep sack
won't put into bed he's mine he's mine
uh guys or Jarrett actually came here I
have a question for you as well wait
before you actually look at utensils
okay this is what we're having for
dinner
Jared what utensil is appropriate for
this dinner for this dinner I'm gonna
say Fork
shoot this is my goal and I got a fork
this is Jared's Bowl
I got a spoon I never know that utensil
to use Ellie's like let's have some cake
let me get my spoon yeah you get a
heated cake with fork
let's have some cereal let me grab my
for what Ellie always flip-flops easy
Jared and I have had conversation after
conversation with dinner and he's like
why would you give me a fork why would
you give me a spoon I don't know like
when I eat soup a lot of times I eat
soup and she'll get afford well
sometimes it's like a hearty soup yeah
if it's I mean if I can understand if
you have like big huge chunks of meat
and potatoes and carrots and stuff I can
see why you would use it for but at a
spoon I think is more appropriate okay
he's like he must be like IMSI he's like
I'm hungry mama mm-hmm anyway I I guess
I I got the fork today and you can have
a spoon but we're going to go ahead and
put Jackson to bed we're gonna go ahead
and actually
Blagh right now you guys I mean I don't
want to repeat myself every Sunday but I
mean we're still kind of getting into
the things and it's almost been in full
month has it been a month or not almost
it's today's the 29th
we've done this for 29 nine days
straight that does is it was like
yesterday well it doesn't well 29 days
you're like oh that's not that much but
a full month I've dated a long time but
it doesn't seem it I feel like I've just
been doing this like a couple days but
we're getting it down run yeah Sunday's
we're just gonna kind of have really
low-key that way Jared and I can have
some better quality time with each other
because as you guys know throughout the
week Jared where are you going put in
Jackson to bed but you know throughout
the week I'm Jared's always at work
really late at night most of the time so
sometimes when it gets home I mean we're
together and we spend quality time with
each other but I mean it's like I cannot
talk but Sunday's we kind of kind of
have a little designated just for us so
yeah that's it
sorry I'm like going I'm like taking go
guys to the dark abyss the only way I've
had a couple people ask lately if we
will do a house tour and I'm like and I
write back and I'm like what you see is
what we get to us this is our house
that's on you yeah they must be living
in apartments yeah they must be newer
anyway so would you want to do the
handstand because I'm in my dress
sure I'm in my dress so guy okay this is
little weird lips he's like he has been
jumping a lot more lately ever since he
put him in the jumper we stand him up
and he goes crazy and his little undies
inside out because um I put a little
cardigan on and I didn't want like the
saying to be under just in case of a van
okay babe vlog me yeah vlog me so good
Oh blog you all the way to Chinatown now
you tuck in those pants you took his
right side my Skippy's no I see your
belly button you don't want to see the
lint okay thank you guys have a
wonderful day have a good night
be happy be positive and watch this
awesome handstand and subscribe Oh see
you tomorrow guys
bye I'll see you tomorrow it's okay see
you tomorrow
