good morning hey we just woke up and
well I just woke up not too long ago got
the video uploaded ready to rock and
roll and Ellie and Jackson are here at
the bouncer sweet thing the jumper and
we're gonna get him in here and see what
he does
I'm so excited he has been looking at it
like crazies like what is that
contraption hanging from the door word
here let me help let me help
give me hoop
well he's already jumping guys what do
you think Jackson what do you think huh
what do you think dude ha ha he wants
you can see he's crying you just hanging
out there there you go good job good job
you know Sam and Jenica just had their
baby and we need as much jumping
shooting basketball skills as possible
so this is a good training for you yeah
look at you good mom to watch that
corner behind ya whoa right as you say
that yes that's gonna need to move I
learned he's doing it you're doing it
Peter I can't do it squat squat squat we
got that we should put you than this
weeks ago you got lots of roles that you
need to work out dude you got like a
load of a chain going on he looks like
the Michelin Man sometimes I love it
though Oh Jackson and he's in it
backwards we've got to switch this thing
around okay round three here we go guys
Laurel three there you go dude he loved
that he seriously is going to town hey
love that we were able to I think he was
a little confused at first cause his
head kept like bonking into those straps
but he's drunk better now huh he
seriously loves it that's number two
letters thing one international and six
US dropping
let us know if you get the letters K we
want to make sure that you guys are
getting a lot of you guys have tweeted
me the pic the letter so thank you
why aren't you tweeting me the letters
guys come on cuz I'm more important what
okay let's check this before we go we
just renewed it for another six months I
can't believe they've already had it for
six months
that's insane where is this from
I'd love to see where they're fun like
when you guys comment on our videos and
you're like lots of love from Germany
lots of love from Costa Rica lots of
love from Tennessee like it makes us
it's it's really fun to see where you
guys are all from where Massachusetts
Massachusetts Thank You Massachusetts it
okay you got take you to work this is
our Saturday thank you so much be at for
sending as a letter we love it and she
said that this is the first time she's
ever sent anyone a letter that makes me
feels and that doesn't feel special
issues in Boston right now issues at the
post office hey while you're in Boston
go get the car keys and what's what's up
with those garbage numbers why are you
putting up those garbage numbers there
in Boston go get the khakis we save all
of our letters and someday when
Jackson's old enough he's gonna read
through all these letters and it's just
gonna show him how much he really is
left I told Jared a lot like with the
youtubes and with all the comments and
the letters and stuff and I thought
maybe one day Jackson will grow up and
he'll have a hard time in his life and
maybe he won't have many friends or
maybe he'll be really sad or you know
something might come up in the future
and Jackson will always know that he is
loved
thousands of people love him and I think
all of these letters just show it so
someday all of your letters not only
have benefited Jared and I but maybe
when Jackson's older it's going to
benefit him more than you'll ever know
maybe he'll read these and he'll
need to know how much is loved so thank
you guys so much
he's so cute like he's discovering her
twice
he's like yeah dad detector mom yeah no
no not good
well guys hey I think this is what
Jackson it he's like wait what are you
talking to me I think this is what we
are gonna be doing until a dad gets home
from work actually until you have to go
to bed he's probably to be in this
bouncer he loves it
I just faced hind my sister my sister
Julie and her little boy has one like
this as well and she's like Jackson's
doing so good for his first time I guess
her little guy he's like 11 months now
and she's like when he was in it he
would just like sit there kind of kick
his legs actually he would kind of swing
a little bit she's like but Jackson like
is like actually kicking so I guess
you're so I guess he's doing really good
for his first time so congratulations
you're doing well
my sister invited me and Jackson over to
eat dinner and we've got the dog here
like looking everybody and we got some
chicken going and we're all staring at
Jackson and look how cute little even
Jackson are Jackson's kind of sitting up
even more than I showed you guys nope
the other day but all the cousins are
playing and it's really fun to get out
of the house and be here in a big open
space what do you two think of each
other you cousins what do you think you
have a little friend your size now call
the space Jackson you don't even know it
to be you two are going to be swimming
next summer together I can't even
believe that cell phone with all the
little cousins that are the same age we
just need the other three here Ellie I
don't want kisses I don't want huh I
love you I love you fuzzy you are in
Long Sheriff
you should hold Jackson Amman should
hold eat and you guys can go on to
things and slinky that would be a good
idea should we go through mean she want
goes to me I think we should swing I
think that's a good idea
yeah it's okay it's okay
Jared is gonna see this footage and be
really sad because like you guys know
when we get a house we're gonna get a
black lab so this is a little yellow lab
but we'll get a black rap on Jackson and
then they were here after they get a
couple fireworks Sonali does you I think
we need to come over here more often
Jackson is doing it and Abby you've got
lucky you're doing so good to hold her
we're just kind of lightly swinging
waiting for the chicken to be done
Jackson Jackson did you well I just got
home from work and it's time for bed
good night I had a lot of fun I was over
at my sister's house
all afternoon like all night so after we
had our barbecue we just sat on a couch
and talked and put the kids to bed and
so now we are gonna go to bed because I
busted my butt and my tail all day long
so I am so tired so I've got to get this
vlog edited I've got to get it uploaded
our pets heads are falling off I'm
listing things and I always say that at
the end of it Ellie okay you want to
stop talking you want me to I want you
to do anything guys we'll see you
tomorrow hey guys we do this every
single day we make a video every single
day so be sure to hit the subscribe
button if you guys haven't already
talking to you oh so now you know what
it's like to be interrupted huh now you
know what it's like
and we're whispering we're yelling what
we're what's killing us for the same
time were yell for any yell spring yell
spring because our baby's asleep
you know Batman says in the Dark Knight
Rises Batman and Catwoman they're
sitting there and then Catwoman
disappears and he's like oh so that's
what that feels like
yeah I love that le location Vale I'll
see you tomorrow
subscribe
by
