good morning Jackson and I are so
excited that Jared worked the morning
shift today he gets off at like five
o'clock today so we have all night to
hang out together
before Jared gets home from work I
thought it would be nice to kind of sit
down and write some more thank-you
letters and in the meantime I don't know
if you guys want to see this I know some
vloggers share some don't we don't share
everything but I don't know I think it's
fun to what do you guys think does it
like bug you guys um anyway cue Alexis
drew us a bunch of pictures and this is
my favorite one who needs a teddy bear
when you have a giant giraffe so true
Jackson you've got a giant giraffe you
will never need another teddy bear in
your life and then Donna I tried to
write her back a thank-you letter but
she didn't send her address it was just
shipped from the place that she sent the
little toy friends so thank you Donna
from Idaho she sent Jackson a cute
little teaser toy and he's been playing
with it all morning
he actually really likes it how cute is
that
it's another draft one of these days I'm
gonna put everything I own that's a
giraffe in front of the big giraffe and
set Jackson next to it and unlike the
crazy draft person kind of like the
crazy cat lady but I'm the crazy draft
person and the Lenna she said QH and I'm
sure it's too Jackson so you're gonna
have a lot of fun little things to wear
Jackson and I just have thank-you
letters I mean they're going out Ashley
you're getting a thank you letter Sara
Bridget like I just I'm very grateful
and I hope that you guys get my pinky
letters I hope that none get lost in the
mail sometimes I have a hard time
reading the addresses so if you don't
get your thank you letter it may be
because the mailman lost it is his fault
but we're waiting for daddy to get home
and we're so excited
so I'm cleaning out my purse and all of
a sudden I realized Jackson can sit up
by himself
whoa just kidding I just sat him up and
he just sat there for like a good two
minutes but now he all of a sudden he's
wobbly again but he was to look all by
himself like that was the long as he's
ever like sat up I am so impressed is it
cuz you have a big belly there now to
kind of hold and support ya baby so
proud of you now you're just like
leaning over on your belly okay well he
was said he got quite a bit holy cow
Jackson mommy's so proud of you Oh
bonkers and then he's been getting up on
his knees and shaking like going back
and forth Jared just texted me and he
said Ellie we're up on lager fare go
check it out up on their website so I
think there's a lot more people going
but so far these are all of the
participants that are going what what I
am so excited I am so excited and there
we are
and ours says we are a positive outgoing
family from struggle to triumph Ellie
and Jared share their life with their
beautiful son and give hope and
happiness to all who watch they love to
live life and make the best of
everything
Oh cute Italy I am so excited all of our
friends are at VidCon right now Kalon
and Katie Daly buns Austin then everyone
everyone and their dog everyone in their
cat everyone their fish everyone in
their hamster everyone in their kids
they're at VidCon right now and I really
am happy to see all their updates it's
really fun but it's just something that
we were not able to go to which is fine
but I am really excited for vlogger fair
I
really I'm getting more and more excited
as you guys know I was kind of nervous
just because I don't know I've already
told you a million reasons why I'm
nervous but I'm excited I'm really
excited to go Jared and I need to get a
hotel really soon and Brian and Missy
were like oh don't run a car like we can
all share and I was like oh that's so
nice of you ok so we're all gonna share
a car I'm pretty sure is what the plan
is and then Jared and I we've just got
to find a hotel hey Ellie hey Ellie
would you mind answering the question
that I'm about to ask you hey guys I
just got home from work and I'm so
excited and the Sun is out you can see
outside the Sun is out look Ellie I
think you look gorgeous today you are so
pretty look at your face
Ellie I want you to look at your face
right now can you look at your face no
Ellie I think you look gorgeous wait go
over there just just go over there I
want to look at you real quick now turn
around just turn around slower slow a
little slower slower slower slower
slower slow Ellie slower what's up now
really fast
yeah isn't Ellie gorgeous isn't she so
pretty I have the prettiest wife in the
world guys I'm sorry it's all you have
their place but Ellie's the oh did you
this is exciting jackson's away you've
been back in your head have you been
 your head did you get beat up
Ellie what have you been doing with our
son
no seriously what's wrong with it I
don't know he's probably just rubbing
his face and Abed Oh Ellie that's so
nasty Ellie you are out of control it's
a fart blaster how funny is that
why is flatulence so funny guys I don't
know Marco Marco Marco Polo found you
I like that
are you finding some good deals with
your coupons we don't need no stinking
coupons totes adorbs
is that right did I say that right oh my
brother's calling me everyone say hi to
Matt hi Matt it's official I am the
crazy giraffe lady oh my goodness look
at that look at that Jamie there's a
draft on that Jamie I am a crazy draft
lady it's another night we've got to say
goodbye
Jared and I at Target went and got
Jackson a little jumper a little jumper
and we are gonna we were gonna put it up
but once we got home I just thought
let's put him to sleep but we were
watching all of our friends at VidCon
and I'm super jealous I'm excited for
everybody but it's like honest okay so
here's my thought process I really wish
we could be there but I'm really like
happy for everyone who is there oh yeah
I am like all that is so much fun that's
so cool that everyone gets to be there
and get together we'll be there some and
like I've said for the hundredth time
I'm really glad we're going to vlogger
fair because I don't know it just
there's all the websites oh you have
around the I showed up they show them
yeah I showed you guys yes so that was a
really like surreal moment for me like
seeing our name up there with shaycarl
iJustine duty time Tyler Oakley and our
good friends Jerry I'm Ryan and Colin
and Katie do I say Bryan this year do I
say baby daily box roadie you guys say :
and Katie Austin and Britney actually is
Britney going cuz it one says Austin
Brittany with your goings of water fares
are just Britney are you watching I
don't know but I'm really excited to
meet everyone that's why I'm like super
excited for yeah I'm excited
um wait when we talk about Bryan and
Missy and all of our friends sometimes
we refer to them as well we're let's go
watch Danny bump sir let's go watch
Brian and Missy we kind of do both but
we've got lots of food here our house is
a mess
we're gonna say goodbye a night and I'm
not gonna run into the Navy I'm gonna do
this absolutely not once I feel good
today I feel it you make me so it I feel
it and I feel it and I think if we guys
ran into the TV we would show you guys
everyone's like did they run into the TV
no we would show you if we ran into the
TV okay Superman help me out okay see
you tomorrow guys
you got a wedgie
