hello hello hello hello
we welcome you today hello hello hello
hey buckaroo today is a huge day guys
and I'll tell you why it is a huge day
Ellie here are the reasons why it's a
huge day today number one it is the NBA
Draft
Oh number two even bigger today is USA
versus Germany in the World Cup
oh yes yeah so you you guys we we have a
lot of viewers from Germany so I hope
that things go well I hope it's a really
good game we some friends yeah if every
news will still stay friends and it's no
biting in today's game okay guys listen
though may the team with the most points
win
I have to go to work this guy needs to
go to bed so le is that cape I just
leave you to do that I'm just gonna go
to work oh oh don't I do everyday
come here little guy hey rose red hair
Jerry
morning called me in the room and he's
like does he ever red hair it's like hey
stop trying to get the camera he's I'm
trying to show if you're here dude it's
hard because a lot of like oh it's so
dark but in person like I see London
look blonde in it too but he also has
like a hue of red to it like there's
lots of warmth in it and we have lots of
red on both sides of our family so I
think it's coming out a little bit
yeah lots of warmth and that hue that
saturation has a really good tint to it
don't you say le the hue is very nice
Jackson the hue is very nice okay guys
I've got to go to work have a wonderful
day and I'll see you later today in the
fall
hey guys so I am making two pies today
I'm gonna at least attempt to make a pie
last time I attempted to make a pie if
you guys all remember I was pregnant and
I ended up throwing it away and then
Jared my went got Sonic that night do
you guys don't remember that well now
that I'm not so large and hot and tired
Jackson here is going to help me finish
making my pies I've got all my dough
rolled out and these pies actually like
two summers ago I went up to my mom and
dad's house and me and my sisters and my
parents we spent a whole day and week
and peaches and stuff we may even do it
this year if we do I'll take you guys up
and show you guys what we do but I think
I'm gonna I think I'm gonna have Jackson
help me and we'll see how it goes
Jackson's job today is to take the fork
and stab the pie so that it's able to
breathe and then I'm gonna dump in the
filling and then I will have Jackson
again help me do the little chicken
marks on the top of the pie so that it
can breathe and stuff I don't know we'll
see how this turns out ready
go
you
you
that right there is a pie now I just
have to cook it doesn't on yummy I put
like a little bit of milk on top a
little bit of sugar on there so it'll
get nice and brown and then that little
bird my mother-in-law when Jared I got
married she had this magazine and she's
like why don't you circle everything you
like so I was like okay so I circled
like the crud out of it and then like
two weeks later had this huge shipment
at my house that she actually bought and
sent to me and that little bird was in
one of us I have a pie dish but it's a
little too deep for the pies that I make
because I'm still learning so I have to
use the shallow one so I don't like rip
the dough apart but things are helping
me did you have a you help me with the
milk and kind of with the fork
he kind of jabbed it a little bit but
that's my pile show you guys what it
looks like when it's done I will try to
make another one I don't know if I have
enough dough I usually tend to waste
some dough because like I said I'm still
learning and I'm not quite as good as my
mom but I'll be there someday well guys
I think Jackson is a wonderful pie maker
now sorry mom's got you cookin already
but look how good those lungs
yeah yeah this one has little chicken
scratch on it
this point turnout is good but look how
beautiful those boats are high-five
don't leave me hangin high-five
Jackson high-five oh there we go thank
you good job you're the best pie maker
in town grandma is gonna be proud when
she sees this Ellie is out with her
friends and I have Jackson all to myself
it's pretty rare that this happens so
I'm excited to hang out with my boy just
me and him whoa Jackson going down there
I think it's time you and me we did some
man stuff together let's go do some
manly things huh should we go do some
manly things let's go do some man stuff
okay Jackson I need you
okay dude use your rockets watch out
behind you we can do this k we've got to
pull together we can do this okay ready
one two three
checks in you're giving up already not
there yeah you gotta lather it up really
good I'll add the run up really good
money all right Jackson this is
now it's your turn
looks like it's just you and me for
dinner tonight I'm still at her fasting
we had something I did hey did we have
fun tonight
well even when mom's not here you still
need to go to bed at a decent hour so I
just put Jackson down and I was just
thinking when I was putting him down I I
don't get to put him down to bed very
often but I am so grateful for the
opportunities that I can I am so
grateful that I have a little boy that I
can lay down and kiss goodnight and say
prayers with and just my heart is so
full and I am so grateful right now that
we have our little boy Jackson it is
it's a dream come true it really really
is so thank you to everyone who
supported us along the way I I feel so
blessed I feel so blessed and I am so
grateful that I have my little son
Jackson I love it I love it I love being
a dad and he's probably gonna get mad at
me for this but every time Jackson is
talking and he talks to me and he's like
just making sounds I will always without
fail respond with Dada Dada Dada Dada
Dada because I am going to make sure
that Jackson's first words are dad or
daddy or dad or something along those
lines because he's my boy he's my son
and I am gonna make sure that he says
Dada first before mom okay Ellie do you
hear that that's coming from me I
challenge you to Jackson's first word
it's going to be dead at one thing that
I think the Internet can improve on a
lot is flights and hotels I am trying to
look for really good deals we're going
to vlogger fair in Seattle in the middle
of August so I'm looking for flights and
hotels to get there and there's so many
different websites out there that will
like aggragate all the different search
results but I'm still having like a
really hard time trying to find one I'm
on kayak right now trying to
and like a good deal we have to fly to
Seattle and we need a hotel and a flight
do you guys have any suggestions as far
as like package deals where you get a
flight in a hotel or what's your
favorite website to go when you're
searching for one I have no idea and
everything that I see is like way more
expensive than I thought but if you guys
have any suggestions or anything let me
know in the comments down below like
your favorite website to go for like
flights and hotels yeah my wife is home
and she's huh what oh look at that oh my
goodness oh my goodness nice to where
we're gonna store it but you made that
yeah I think I'm just gonna put it
outside and get a flowerpot and put a
big puff for it so cute what yeah that
looks really good yeah that's the
American flag if you guys didn't know
that craft night with the girls craft
night with the girls yeah it's everybody
loved my pie my pie was a hit good I'm
glad to hear it cuz I watched I just
watched the footage and I was like oh
that pie looks so good and she made one
for us okay we gonna end the vlog thank
you guys so much for watching I think
this may just be my favorite vlog yeah
Jared showed me a little bit of footage
what he did while I was gone and it was
really good
so make sure to thumbs up for that and
share if you'd like and we'll see you
guys tomorrow wait real quick
USA lost to Germany 0 to 1 but we're
still advancing so that's a good thing
right
we're still advancing we we get to play
in the like a different group now so oh
my god angles Dennison Oh why'd you lose
that match the sports Oh jangles
Dennison Oh congratulations Germany
we're still friends right I hope so
later see you tomorrow bye
member
