good morning guys yesterday we went
boating as you guys probably already saw
and this morning we are exhausted
jared is still asleep so you kind of try
and be quiet it's 10 o'clock and I woke
up at 7 o'clock with Jackson and then we
all went back to bed for a couple hours
and then me and Jackson are no up and he
has been rocking on his knees not quite
his knees but his legs I wanted to do it
for you
my body aches like my back aches my arms
ache all but today is very exciting it
is my sister's birthday my sweet sweet
sister she's the age right above me
hello I'm exhausted her name is Julie
she is the one that her husband is in
medical school right now so she does not
live close with us so I'm gonna go ahead
and FaceTime her fact number one
my baby's the cutest little baby I ever
did see yeah fact number two Jared and I
love love thin pancakes I feel like most
people like I'm really big and fluffy
and these are kind of fluffy today but
Jared and I really like thin pancakes so
I always add a little extra milk to kind
of thin it out and fact number three you
guys are going to be blood out of the
water I don't want anyone to hate me
it's okay I'm weird I already know that
but I have lived in this apartment for
over two years and I have never used the
dishwasher you want me to really show
you that I've never used it it still has
these little things that came with it
like I've never used the dishwasher it
is spick and clean and I know I'm really
weird I usually don't let my dishes pile
up this much but I've got to do my
dishes because if I don't do it I'm
gonna have to end up using the
dishwasher and for some reason I just
don't want to use a dishwasher oh I
gotta flip these I really growing up we
had a dishwasher but I kind of always
leaked and so my parents just always had
us kids do it look how good that looks
look fun group that works so yeah my
parents they just always house wash up
by hand and then Jared nice first
apartment that we lived in for two years
we didn't have a dishwasher there and it
didn't bother me because I was used to
not using a dishwasher so then when we
moved here
uh-oh fact I guess number 110 I broke
all of our cups so Jared I only had like
three cups for like a year and a half so
we didn't have enough dishes
to use in our dishwasher while I
recently bought these plates so and I
recently bought cups so now I have a lot
more dishes that I could use the
dishwasher but I just haven't used it
for so long that I just am sticking to
my old ways and washing in my hand is
that crazy am i weird well I thought the
bacon going
Jaxon's over there like trying to swim
and Jarrod still asleep whoa guys
breakfast of champions right here holy
cow Ellie thank you so much it's like so
good I'm so excited I'm breakfast this
morning
yeah um nom nom nom nom oh no no no no
he goes to the point really like attacks
it now
or not - I I'm sore and my ribs hurt
real bad how are you uh I already told
them I know I'm really pooped it was
worth it it was so fun yeah um but yeah
it was it was a lot of fun I'm anxious
to get this and I'm Bailey hurt in my
belly that's a Jackson sing Jackson I'll
sing I'll sing just a little bit because
happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you happy birthday to my sister happy
birthday to you you're welcome
I told everybody that it was your
birthday
damn attic now not it was not her
birthday when Emma no no it was my
birthday she was ticked Oh am i happy
birthday Julie I love you my little
buddy is going on a walk with me you're
ready it's trapped in you got your toy
get your smile on good your smile line
get you to my your line there we go
I'm trying to get Jackson to eat this
little strawberry theme and every time
he eats it he like has a disgusting look
on his face Dryad he had one on the boat
but he was just so sleepy that he didn't
really seem to care like he was sucking
on it buddy was like half asleep because
he was so tired but it's cold so maybe
that's why you kind of turned off to it
too or there you go there you go I feel
like his little teeth are bothering him
today for some reason I feel like he
woke up a little bit early from his nap
and normally he's pretty happy but his
cry is different like I feel like his
little teeth are really her in it
so hopefully the coldness will help see
this little Gunz
stash I get the goat hair out I get to
go pro the time kick a kick me splash
oh he loved it done - - brush once again
I'm getting Jackson ready for bed I'm
gonna put him to bed and then Jared will
be home jared is supposed to be off in
about like 10-15 minutes but we all know
how that goes which is okay how did some
of you guys do you guys get off work at
a certain time and then you it takes all
day to get off work eventually because
when I used to work at a salon that was
like corporate run rather than like like
a smaller salon if that makes sense I
used to work at a salon where we close
to eight o'clock but if you had a
haircut come in at 7:59 you had to do it
and one time a guy came in and it was
like 759 right on the dot at 8:00 and I
was like sorry we're closed I'm not
gonna be able to do it and he grabbed
his phone and he showed me he's like
nope it's 7:59 so I was like well I
guess I have a minute to cut your hair
and I just thought it was really rude
that that guy did that you know - some
of you guys have jobs like that Jared
loves his job it's just sometimes this
job with clothing and everything he just
isn't able to get off right at 8:00
which is totally fine I mean it's his
career but with my job and stuff growing
up when I was due growing up with my job
and stuff with doing hair I just thought
it was really rude and really
inconsiderate did some of you guys have
jobs like that where you're off at a
certain time but you technically aren't
really off for a couple hours after that
time let me know what do you guys do
what do you think you gotta say goodbye
because dad's not good to see you so
we'll say goodbye so he can see while he
edits one more time one more time huh
star slash slash
all kids love water being thrown in
their face yeah right but I'm gonna do
it because I'm a mom and I'm a parent
and my parents did it to me so by golly
I'm gonna tease my kids hey you guys hey
guys are you okay no I'm tired your lips
hurt real bad
no day looks dude are they killing you
she's in the poignant Jared's work and I
went to another box I know Jared went to
work and I wasn't ready and then he came
home all right and then I got ready and
then he came home and I'm not ready to
again but you can see that I was ready
through the vlog later on when you edit
that you are always beautiful whether
you say you're ready or not I love you
no matter what or cheesy oh I know it
just I'm just exhausted like it's been a
long day and that I am sore from voting
yesterday tbh I am sore
I'm sore yeah and my ribs don't idle
hard to get Jackson up today like my
lower back hurt like I had to mentally
be like don't drop it don't drop the
baby that is the key word of the day do
not drop the baby okay Ellie should we
pack for VidCon smart
wow yeah wow I wonder what they're doing
right now
everyone in VidCon what do they do are
they there right no are they thinking
about as eight people at VidCon I think
some people are at VidCon right now
let's think about it we're gonna be a
blogger fair which honestly if I were to
choose between the two I know a lot of
people had said you want to do VidCon
but I am excited to do vlogger
it's such an intimate community where
it's like really based around that stuff
I don't know
like I think I'm gonna gently like a
little anxiety a little nervous
that's so cute whatever whatever
whatever oh you just bribe through my
face fine if I did I jumped in farted
Jenna ladylike I'm sorry
That's not me you're drinking I really
quad why get the boy out of here there's
a lady like I'm sorry I I want to be
better at least sometimes we just burp
and you know there you go there some
etiquette right there yeah um I got when
in doubt pinky out
look I just I wish I paint my tails blue
of my nails red only one hand is done Oh
cuz you came home oh sorry I interrupted
the process of nails yep okay Ellie oh
my nails daughter you are doing your
nails so I don't think you can do the
handstand something you and I'm not
writing you Ellie
absolutely not my mind is telling me no
but my body my body is telling me yes
mm-hmm
here we go here we go yeah thanks for
watching today I wasn't really in it at
all but thanks familiar was I dive in
vlog wish do we have enough photos
oh whoa guys see you later actually you
apply a plenty
