hey you guys guess what that's what
we're doing today Ellie oh my maja
waisted bottoms you are what does that
mean we're going on a boat i'm on a boat
i'm on a boat we are going on a boat
ride and we're taking this guy with us
we're going with our friends April and
Davey up on their boat Amata man we I
thought today's could be a hot day so
I've got lots of sunscreen on Jax and
we've got a hat and I'm gonna feed them
on the boat but I thought today would be
fun especially since it's a warm day to
introduce them to a little fruit I'm
going to put some cold frozen or thawed
whatever fruit in this little thing I'm
gonna let him suck on on the boat so I
think that would be kind of fun for him
it'll be refreshing
it'll be yummy and it'll be his very
first fruit experience yeah okay go
crazy
we'll get it on film for sure but you
guys know what that means we're going on
a boat so Oh GoPro GoPro GoPro GoPro
GoPro GoPro GoPro GoPro check out the
GoPro footage later today
okay two things one we are a red fine
family okay but Ellie lights black
licorice for some reason which is
totally weird because who likes black
licorice I don't know maybe some people
do in Finland there's lots of black
licorice flavored things and so I guess
I should get used to it but I like the
red red vines and nerve short delicious
we're number two the second thing do not
judge me for my tan lines and my pale
white skin okay guys I haven't seen the
Sun a lot and I know I'm pasty white
okay okay as long as we get that clear
not on the table we're good
you're crazy oh my gosh look at Jackson
in his little life jacket oh I feel like
he's like mom I can't put my arms down
help me me I can't put my arms down oh
he's just a little chunk we are off
Davey is steering the butter I forgot
the kids we got life jackets on isn't
you the pudgy thing you ever did see
I feel like it looks like just a giant
pillow I just wanna like these seriously
like one big ball my Christmas story
when they got them all bubbled yeah yeah
nothing you are saina ha ha ha let's go
Jackson is loving his strawberry you are
loving your candy bar and the kids are
loving being on the boat and Jarrod what
are you doing GoPro in it I'm on a boat
we now have a crier she did like the
water and Jackson slowly filling I want
to go to the lake but I just don't want
to get wet you're not invited next time
why should you get away in the face Oh
angry why is your face wet yeah that's
not you know guessing mean mean I guess
you get sprayed no one hottie became
you're like we're trying to ride them
all to jump in the water no one will go
Jared I just got off the boat and
seriously
he did not whimper once the water hit
him a little bit and he was like but I
just held him really tight did you hug
daddy to seal of death good job I told
Davey you are very what's up yeah you're
a good pilot captain not pilot of the
plane you can be honest is it the same
yeah I think you're missing something
I'm not quite sure what it is but create
April you guys are doing some pretty
awesome tricks out there when she won
the challenge I only want like two human
like she won like the his trusting Amy
and I are going to show you guys how
it's done now stand on one foot
Ellie you should you like Jackson is
nice in the city on his mama and the
boys are going back out and now it's
their turn to do tricks so I'm going to
go pro you guys all up no regrets even
if you're forgetting really close here
guys oh yeah yeah
now hold his head oh I'm supposed to
every night in my dreams hey that's
probably a fail
you look good Joe watch it right now
that was that begun it was amazing and
you know Jackson's been asleep so I kind
of laid him down for a minute
there's one defense what are you her in
oh I'm not it's the most painful part
when I was getting up I'm good Oh what
happened
oh I enrolled in me I'm the king of the
world the tube said otherwise you're
doing some nice pelvic thrusts I dance
whoo whoo shaky shaky shaky shaky shaky
sugar chica chica chica chica
jairs just coughing my dance move from
the tube robot oh gosh very good
backdrop I know there's birds first
flight everywhere single single single
single single hey Peter Segal here comes
big O's just get away he almost came to
you Jerry he's coming around back skip
oh sorry
oh my gosh Jared hold still nope mine
mine mine mine mine but hands in partner
maybe I don't need you should ask him to
I think you should do it
we almost died we almost died just there
really yeah
that would have been sad the keys if
they didn't have that floaty thing the
boat would have exploded they'd have no
more food for Jackson I'm not sure if
you guys knew that's what happens but
when you lose the keys the boat explodes
that's what happens
who said that
sorry obviously April doesn't know that
much about those on the Internet
everything on the internet sure maybe
your hat and my shorts should get
together and hang out some fashion
they're like the same holy cow huh
can we just can we just just Ellie can
we just just I'm exhausted
we had so much fun Bentley mmm I still
love you don't worry wakeboarding today
I really like hurt my ribs
so that's funny yeah and it we're tired
we've been in the Sun all day Jackson
was the best baby you would ever think I
was so impressed without giddy is you
okay guys we'll see you tomorrow
happy enjoyed to go for GoPro the GoPro
footage hope you enjoyed the GoPro
footage I hope that it turned out to be
good be able even looked at it yet see
tomorrow
bye
member
