good morning guys I want to show you
something Jared and I were up until like
2 o'clock last night and we had we're
having a lot of fun we're editing a vlog
and we're looking at plane tickets
because we told you guys that we are
going to vlogger fair well like our
living rooms nice and pretty picked up
our kitchen isn't too bad there's a
couple things that are out of place
since we were so busy last night in this
morning look at this disaster good
morning
we have like furniture polish cameras
lights like everything I was filming
something last night I was doing my
b-roll with all my lush stuff cuz this
week on my channel i am doing lush week
and so anyway i just wanted to show you
guys like that it is good we got baby
food stuff we've got don't look at our
dirty underwear and jackson jackson good
morning good morning to you good morning
good morning
say hello what's a little red dot on
your lip what is that
so here's what's going on Ellie is
making where'd you go Ellie just made
some really really cool grilled peanut
butter let's try that again
Ellie just made some really cool peanut
butter and jelly grilled sandwiches
grilled peanut butter and jelly and it
was you guys who recommended we do that
so we're trying it Oh Ellie's trying to
right now what do you think that's good
food good I have to go eat lunch and
then I have to go to work and you know
what I was actually thinking Jackson's
been asleep for like two and a half
hours how long has it been you have to
bet oh after 10 it's like I guess it's
long been an hour and a half but I'm
like do we have a son where did he go it
feels like it's been so long maybe it's
just because we've gone gotten so many
things done to this morning like I
booked I got ready the house I've been
cleaning I really like deep clean the
entire house this morning
like deep clean death I had to hurry
because I have to film a video and I
need to edit it before Jared gets home
because Jared I'll have a computer to
edit the vlog and some of my head I was
like if I hurrying at the house clean I
can spend all the time with Jackson when
he has his away time then when he leaves
I can strictly just
do my stuff rather than housework out of
it there is a method to our madness guys
there's a method out so Ellie I think
you snuck some bananas in there that was
really really good yeah I didn't know
until I took a bite no I guess you did
say it yeah and some bananas you must
realize I didn't realize until I took a
bite I was like oh that's a banana but
it was really good peanut grilled peanut
butter and jelly
oh not to shamily American doll I'm not
sure who's glass of milk is whose but
maybe something was giving it away do
you see one of these things is not like
the other hmm I wonder why
miss lipstick tip as soon as we sat down
to grab something to eat
of course Jackson started to make some
sound so I think his away let's go check
on him hey hey buddy hey hi how are you
I just love seeing her smile when he
wakes up that is my favorite thing
oh you're so happy oh yeah I agree let's
get you out I am so happy he woke up
before I had to go to work because like
you guys know it's pretty rare that I
get to see him when I get back from work
cuz he's usually asleep oh dude you bye
oh he's huge
she's growing out of his little sleep
sock yeah he's growing too fast
he's mine he's mine you can't have him
he's my son who's my son there's my son
fine we'll just have to have a girl so
the girls versus boys you know what when
every time Ellie we're competitive not
about twins good girls
Oh No they'll outnumber us we're not
expecting guys we just like to scenario
talk all the time morning if you do not
want to see what postpartum hair looks
like part two do not watch one month
guys one my best disgusting oh it stinks
to look at me go I'm like breaking out
my tools get in my hair out of the drain
its disgust that's a lot of hair for one
month someday someday it will stop
falling out I'm doing everything I'm
supposed to be doing but sometimes can't
help it those hormones you have a baby
then your body's like what the heck I'm
gonna attack and go crazy and then all
your hair comes out with so that's
disgusting well I'm gonna take the trash
out you you you you you you didn't warn
you for that one I didn't warn you for
that one I'm sorry guys about babies and
pregnancy since Jared was silly and
brought it up and was joking you guys
it's not gonna be a shocker to you guys
when we announce when we are pregnant
because we blog every day like it's
gonna be a different go-around than most
people wear most people will find out
and they wait forever to tell family I
don't want it to be that case with us
because I want to tell people right away
because if we do have a miscarriage I
want to be able to tell people and about
it and I want to be able to hear other
people's stories and that's just it's
the dirt we are living our lives a lot
differently than most of the world
so we definitely will be letting you
guys know when we try we'll be doing the
ovulation test will be doing the
two-week weigh the two-week trying to
see if it works wait you know what I
mean and so yeah so we're not expecting
nor will we be having a baby in nine
months and I don't know but I do think
about a sibling all the time for Jackson
I do think about it a lot but no right
now no but on a side note I did just end
up finishing filming my video and guess
what
guess what guys I'm wearing two
different earrings oh I was editing I
was like oh no like the earring I put in
my ear oh oh I'm wearing two different
earrings so I am sporting this earring
today and I'm sporting this earring
today in Jackson sporting his finger you
tie your well guys it's just Jackson and
I this Monday night we are gonna be
watching The Bachelorette together or
shall I say Jackson seemed to be playing
with some toys that I'm gonna be
watching The Bachelorette I've got my
popcorn I've got my drink I've got my
phone Jared should be off work never in
seven so you probably won't be like nine
or ten we'll see hopefully he's off
earlier than that though but we're just
gonna chill the rest of the night and
wait for daddy to get home
hey guys did you miss me I finally got
home from work and it's only 10 o'clock
what a freaking day at work I can tell
you this I am so glad you have tomorrow
ahh you ever have those days I work
where you're just like leaving this
place will just be the best thing that
happens I mean as far as that day I'm
good where I am but when you get home
you just feel so much better especially
when you have a spaghetti and meat the
bone spaghetti and meat the ball it's a
me a Mario oh Sh I try and stand off II
I'm gonna try a handstand
Kelly here's the thing look who I'm
representing right now look who I'm
representing Superman I could Superman I
have the strength of Superman and I will
do it I've been having fun doing them
don't laugh at me if I can do it okay no
I'm awful bad if you hurt your lips
that's ribs thank you Oh somebody made
fun of you for doing that
oh whoa how do you feel how do you feel
don't remember that one time where you
went over the thing and fart it and
you're like oh really hurt my ribs
probably won't do it for the rest of the
week but I did it and it was a good one
and you fart and I farted okay thank you
guys for watching thank you for looking
at my beautiful life but not too long
she's mine have a wonderful evening
we'll talk to you guys tomorrow Hey we
do this every day guys we do this every
single day so be sure to hit the
subscribe button okay that's right
