hey guys welcome to today's episode of
early and Jarrod Jarrod Jarrod Jarrod is
there an echo at Crawley
Ellie Ellie Ellie and and and Jerry
Jerry Jerry Jerrod guys it is one take
Sunday we told you guys before that we
were gonna vlog throughout the week
we're gonna do a throwback Thursday and
on Sundays we are gonna do a one taker
just so we have a little bit more time
together a little bit time to hang out
take a now relax
oh poor little we've been just hanging
out at home with Jackson and just doing
you know doing the same old same old
thing I guess even her making out making
babies what did I say that are we doing
that not yet
we'll talk about that later in the
future maybe nine months from now we'll
talk about we'll talk about more babies
next week next week what the heck is she
saying I know I'm kidding we're kidding
okay so just to give you guys a heads up
Mondays videos are gonna be like a one
taker or just a little bit of editing
that way we have a little bit more I
guess what we have exciting news Jared
take it away we have so exciting news to
share well exciting uh-huh
we have very exciting news that we want
to share with you guys this is excited
let's do it together because it's not
exciting this is exciting
I think I softkey okay let's try it
again this is exciting
that'll work I don't have to do that
right okay mmm
this is exciting I did dog fur there's a
supporter hey guys we have huge news -
okay now that we're relaxed are you
ready I am kind of nervous why are you
nervous I'll tell you guys this first we
are going to vlogger fair
can you believe it I cannot actually
we're going here's a funny story okay so
vlogger fair is Saturday August 16th in
Seattle Washington and I am from
Washington that is where I am from and I
have been to Seattle two times I have
never been to Seattle what Jay didn't
you just say you were from Washington
Jared yes yes I did
I am from Washington but I have never
been to Seattle crazy but I get to go
now and we've always wanted to go
together actually so this would be fun
this will be hosted by Chris Parrillo
and Diana Perillo they are the hosts
they are in charge of this and they are
so cool to be doing this because the
difference between blogger fare and some
of the other YouTube conventions this is
like a little bit more intimate and
that's what we're actually really
excited about and something that you
maybe you guys don't know about me Jared
definitely does as I like to kind of
like my personality is very out there I
like to meet people and talk with people
but sometimes big gatherings and big
groups kind of overwhelming I don't know
what to do Who am I gonna talk to it's
just kind of scary a little bit you
would never guess that about Ellie but
it's kind of true it is so I'm actually
excited this is our first YouTube
gathering with other people with other
youtubers and with other people that way
I'm not so nervous like this would be a
good to get me going into it you know I
mean this is our first youtube gathering
in America maybe that's why I'm nervous
cuz like this is the first time like us
our first time people get to like be
excited to see us are you guys gonna be
there if you guys want to go you can
actually get tickets they're still on
sale links are down below to get tickets
to vlogger fair on Saturday I think they
said last time they sold out I did yeah
and that's it's in like 2 months guys so
less than two months today's the 21st
22nd you guys got to get tickets get on
this guy's you wanted me to get play you
wanna meet you holy crap I know um so I
do me we are excited and I am not gonna
lie I'm a little bit
this too and because of the reasons I
just told you but like Jared said go
craft tickets and a few guys are going
please let us know what are you flashing
at me the battery
oh don't lecture me don't don't leave me
tears over like this is it okay guys if
you are gonna go please let us know that
way
maybe it'll partners ISA little bit I
don't know it'll make us more exciting
but it's good for going leave a comment
down below are you going to vlog Rafi we
want to meet you yeah are you guys from
Seattle let us know we're also excited
like see our friends I'm excited to see
especially Missy me and her been talking
a lot more lately Brian and Brian you
creeper go away and I just I'm excited
to see the other vloggers I think the
knife balls are going to be there I'm
excited to see them and talk with them
and and everyone else that are going but
there's tons of people going like
showgirls going and it's Judy's life is
going I would love to see her and talk
with her I've been watching her beauty
channel forever tribe Tyler's going
there there's a ton of people that are
doing yeah we're really really excited
okay so this is kind of a crazy vlog I
think normally on Sundays will feel like
right after we get home from church that
way you can like see what we're doing
but today kind of took us by surprise is
Jackson's on like 8:30 so so we're gonna
end the vlog guys Jared's hips are still
low your hips your ribs are still broke
so Kip will always be broke we are gonna
show you his hips car one of these days
heli take it away you are on handstand
duty today I promise
way to get away guys take it right to
grant take it away guys that's that's so
close Ellie it's actually give it away
get away get away now give it away give
it away give it away now okay
oh it's gonna die yeah you gotta hurry
we're like on let me know if you're
gonna or fair Oh money
