hey I'm here with April and Davey this
is um April her channel early April oh
no I don't know I'm nervous it's heroin
along with April yes I'm here with April
from hair when I went and she is doing
my hair what do you think guys you're
over the battle txt oh yeah it looks
good Oh looks kind of like dark in this
camera it'll be okay it'll be great
I can't wait even if it is darker it's
fine um I'm excited I told you guys I
was getting my hair colored I've got
some major postpartum hair going on I'm
losing my hair I'm like seriously like
balding and so I was like I want to go a
little bit darker so that it like looks
a little fuller and it's fresher so
you're only as much breakage yeah true
no more bleach they have a boat that
they want to loot they want to go out on
the water you and Jerry can get a GoPro
and strap it I got to you do we've got
three GoPros out of all of that a
quadcopter to Jared's gonna die this
Mariel sure it's gonna die okay guys the
next wave fun blog we do we're probably
gonna be with them please have you seen
a quadcopter video or response that
we're grooming the face with it
no look you told me about it but we
haven't had time to watch it cave links
down below we will link that down below
go watch him slam a quadcopter into the
groom's head links down below
I love my life on the internet yeah
that's great yeah that was his job and
he kind of failed a film April just calm
down my hair you know I have said
postpartum like a million times the past
fall to you look at all that hair on
that brush
that was just like a cut like one little
comb like look at that look at that whoo
going balls or guys it's okay oh well my
hair is colored here we do you guys dry
it on here my theory on that so when
you're pregnant your hair doesn't shed
as much and so you kind of like save it
all up and then when you're not pregnant
anymore
it comes out twice as fast but yeah
you're losing what you built up because
remember how thick it wasn't beautiful
yeah cuz you don't really good hair
you're not really sauce - you're not
going bald you're pregnant no you don't
look like it just feels like it and but
you do have like I'll be the baby hair
yeah baby here that's good it's grown
back yeah hey guys we are done what do
you think it's very soft very subtle
just a little warmer up on my roof I
like it it feels very fresh and full
yeah you're welcome
it had so much fun we have a lot of fun
I should be packing so that we can go up
on a little hike but I think I made a
change of plans
our city did their city days not too
long ago Jared and I were never able to
go because Jared worked really late
those night and there's another city not
far away from here that's doing their
city days where they've got parade on
fireworks and affair well today they're
doing a rodeo and I don't think it'd be
smart for us to go to a rodeo right now
with Jackson just because it's going to
be really late and I'm sure tickets are
sold out but they have a fare and so I
thought I'd be fun to maybe go get a
corn dog or cotton candy or something
fun so I think we're gonna go to the
fair instead that's not good eyebrows
you can get it kick it kick sketch you
can get it I have faith in you reach
reach stretch oh there you go nope haha
come on you can do it there you go
hey I'm so proud of you I'm such a proud
mama I'm sure I'm not the only one
that's like you can do it son you can do
it yeah eat my finger ah what's on your
hand I barely put the little gummy thing
on his hand
because he usually hates the end as you
can see it's kind of falling off but he
loves to hold it and chew on the little
tasks if I'm anxious to see Oh yep it's
off
yep it's up your hand he has a hard time
wearing it but he likes to play with it
eat it huh
here's so cute Jackson you're cute
eat it huh huh what about this side eat
it you eat it eat this side higher he
loves it
Jackson is already eyeing at the toys
and the roller coasters he's been
staring at this roller coaster forever
he just wants to go on alright guys
we're here at strawberry days and we've
got tons of awesome stuff here that we
are excited to go look at and go do and
go see and Jackson is looking so spiffy
with this hat and sunglasses keeping it
real deal with it guys
strawberries Becky and strawberry cream
first stop strawberries and cream you
know that's right
healthy I really think we should go on
the marriage or the ferris wheel I want
to go to fairs but we've never built one
together I don't think yeah I don't
think we ever ever work I don't think
they'll let Jackson on though so he's a
little too small so maybe we should just
like find something to hold him so would
you would you guys mind holding our baby
for us I think we're ready to go in the
ferris wheel Jackson is with what was
your name again I'm the babysitter
called the babysitter okay so thanks to
the stranger he's going to watch our
baby transfer should be better at the
barre yeah yeah totally trustworthy we
just met her right now so just kidding
you guys know Kristina Hey so I cried a
lot good evening today yeah no this is
my Ferris Vil you want to know why this
signature ltwill this was me for you
this was destiny and this until this is
supposed to be happening right now
no I believe I can
Oh Ellie look at all those people down
there what is this a city for ants they
need to be at least three times that big
and Emily do you think I could drop this
gum down sometime sure
you think I can spell oh yeah
Griffin
I don't know I got kicked out of the
waterpark one time as we were spinning
would be like you got out of a water
park for spitting yeah don't they know
there's water everywhere I we got kicked
out is my fault
oh my god sorry bill I can't believe you
got kicked out of a water park for water
eighty-three and she's going on the
ferris wheel her birthday hassled her
happy birthday that's so sweet
three eighty three minutes for birthday
and she's going on the ferris wheel
probably grandson
look at the beautiful values are they
doing a selfie
look at the beautiful mountains
look everyone is Josh from nice dynasty
their babies living are just tonight
Hayley Hayley Hayley bet you I could
throw a football over them mountains I
bet you can pull balls over those times
you're so pretty look at that that's
good lighting you've got the mountain in
the background you're gorgeous yeah we
need to take a picture of that Instagram
Kelly are you tall enough to ride this
ride I think so
yeah
so how was it I think she beat her bitch
oh oh they are they already barely
yellow right now did you see me drop at
the end yep yeah so I think this is the
last ride of the night for Ellie she
chose the the most daring dangerous
risky ride a super slide
I don't know if she'll make it guys this
is pretty serious business I don't know
or you go it's race no oh are you guys
holding hands what the heck if we were
talking about for everyone they're
holding hands that's my wife you got me
- well Jarrett thank you so much for
watching
jinx you owe me a soda ha ha ha we have
to go ahead and end the vlog now so you
know what that means
I died your hands dad does anyone want
to do it with me oh I have so for
nationals Oh I'll practice yeah no I'm
great
I'll do the hands no you got Jackson
Haney's alert right yeah ok yes are
somewhere Casey Casey Casey Casey Casey
okay all three of you stand next to each
other
okay ready one two three
Oh shown up by the girl oh I hope you're
embarrassed
you just got shown up thanks for
watching guys we're getting a lot of
here a bunch of people
