shoutout to one of my best friends Jenny
Wagner that lives in Hawaii thank you so
much for giving me the shirt for Jackson
she sent it when oh I think she sent it
way before he was even born
and now it finally fits in and Jackson
is loving it it says Jackson look up
Jackson stop looking here don't go it
says a lot of love plus a little science
equals one sweet baby
Jackson that is not how you treat your
toys you do not lie on them huh
why are you squish your giraffe he's
been so nice to you
come on get off of him
I'll give you a little help you're such
a dud right now huh
no he does not want to fight
I'll get him I love coming and finding
Jackson playing with his toys and look
how wet that way gosh I'm not sure ah he
just soaks it oh no boom gum gum no
Jared and I are off to go do boring
adult things he just got home from his
work meeting hashtag Brian and Missy
hashtag boring adult things hashtag I
actually like it we're going grocery
shopping I actually like doing some
boring adult things not all bring adult
things I don't love doing all the
laundry but that's what we're off to do
we'll pull it and make music hold it
okay hold it tight no yet to hold it
yeah I'll do it your right hand oh
that's better
it's better here is a random fact of the
day when Ellie and I make one short
dinner or anything like that when we
have sandwiches I am a very very plain
plain sandwich food here I don't like a
lot of things on top of it like my
sandwiches what what kind of sandwiches
are you making today I'm making grilled
cheese sandwiches for like the week and
I want just cheese maybe some like me on
top of it but just like a grilled cheese
sandwich but Ellie's like no I want
tomato I want pesto I want of akkad oh
and I'm like I am very plain and Ellie
is insane I mean she likes a lot of
things on it I'm sorry you Jared I just
I'm a point person like hard to grocery
shop because I buy all the stuff and
then half of it goes to waste because
somebody won't eat it if I just I just
am very plain and I try to do my very
best
I don't like a lot of things on it so
that's kind of weird for me though but
I'm trying to do better okay
we geez guys I'm trying to do better
Elly I'm really trying I promise Oh
Ria's yes it is I don't make those
rookie mistakes like Elly does do you
remember that one time where Ritz would
have those little ones but they were
s'mores they weren't the peanut butter
the cheese but they were the s'mores
dear it is another fun fact every time
we go grocery shopping and we got past
the cyllage at night without a duck
everytime say hey Jared do you remember
that one time ah are we done yet
we can't fit any food in here with you
in it Jackson you gotta learn how to
stop rockin Sam huh I know hold your own
way okay off onto baby items now I think
our whole vlog today is just going to be
Walmart because let's face it that's
what our that's what the activity of
today is this Walmart Jared and I rolled
out not doing one of the jumpers that go
along the doors just because he wouldn't
be able to be in the living room because
the top of our door doesn't is able to
sustain one of those so I hate these
though like they're too big and bulky
for our house the only one that I can
think of is this little bumblebee one
but even then our apartments just too
small so I don't know what we'll do
maybe we won't even get one they don't
have to have one but I just thought it
would be kind of a nice transition so Oh
No we'll see Ellie told me to grab the
baby so I could put Jackson asleep and
she's having a hard time grabbing the
groceries I guess so maybe I should oh
maybe I should go down and help
I guess I'll help come on pork
lift your arm up one two
all right it is now time to make GRU
true sandwiches that is a staple here in
America a grilled cheese sandwiches and
sometimes even tomato soup do you guys
ever do that tomato soup and grilled
cheese sandwiches his eyes were really
confused with his biscuits and gravy you
guys were saying biscuit for a treat
maybe it's the recipe or something's
different but biscuits here is like
bread and grain it's not like a sweet
treat or anything going in here know
something what
sometimes in like European countries
sweets or treats aren't necessarily
sweet oh yeah sometimes I don't know at
least sometimes in Finland hey at least
they were kind of bland when I was there
but I want it I want to tell you guys
there's a YouTube video of Alton Brown
who is this amazing cook he's on the
Food Network a lot
he makes grilled grilled cheese
sandwiches and he's like no no everyone
is doing it wrong and what he does he
actually goes on the grill outside and
he puts tinfoil down and he grills the
cheese and melt it all down and then he
grills the bread and then he puts them
all together to make a grilled cheese
grilled cheese sandwich or something
like that it's it looks really really
good but everything that guy does looks
amazing so no pressure
okay I'm gonna make this and how it you
guys decide which one's better
your decide who's next oh all righty
whose is the best let me know in the
comments what you think here's is Jared
it's just regular cheese kind of lame
mozzarella cheese and regular cheese and
there's my it has avocado I had some
like red tomato pesto stuffed tomatoes
and other stuff yeah I really give you
guys a very good shot sorry Ellie is
spoiling her true American grilled
cheese sandwich with all these others
all this other stuff
your total stuff your child I am
traditional okay I am traditional I am
true I am plane I am solid I am awesome
and good-looking and everything that
goes with that
okay I'm sorry though but you're kind of
a two-year-old I was just like Michael
you're my leg
cookie your little grilled cheese in
America shame attached I'm gonna be the
mature adult these tomatoes and avocado
oh hey Jared go to work ha ha ha
whenever I get mad at Janice ain't gonna
work oh is that the TV I thought it was
Jackson kind of crying we're watching
we're catching up on all our YouTube so
gotta go guys
see ya next time you see Jared he'll be
home from work crap the only thing ever
it was bacon I forgot to add bacon to my
sandwich oh I'm so mad next time next
time we'll add bacon yes see that's the
thing that bacon is a true American
state you see what she does to me
do you see what she does to I should
stop recording I'm finding Oh Jared I'm
so selfish
the pain the pain I really am so sorry
it did hurt but I'm totally good bacon
okay we're done talking about food are
you okay I'm fine
bacon I would totally put on there I
felt really bad I'm so sorry
Jared come here you just like I'm still
recording you like punch my room I know
I feel really bad it's okay you can have
your silly grilled cheese sandwich I
won't make fun of anymore I felt really
stupid kiss me sorry do you guys want to
see what Jackson and I have been up to
since Jared's been at work wait are you
tellin he like looked at me like I can
like you're confused like you didn't
know what we were doing and while Jared
was at work at Jackson I have been
cleaning house look how much better this
looks there's no more baby stuff in the
corner see just over in that corner but
there's no more baby stuff I've been
cleaning stuff up and I'm really sad
Jackson really no longer fits in a swing
anymore
and that's another issue what am I going
to do with all the stuff that he grows
out of no we're going to be in this
place for a while but luckily I like to
keep things pretty clean and organized
so it doesn't seem like it's so small in
here but all the stuff that he's growing
out of not quite sure what to do it I
guess I could take it out to my mom's
but I'm sure her and my dad were
cringing right now so I'm sure I'll find
a place here but I took the little thing
that was right here the little bookshelf
and I left some of my things there I
moved that little piece right there and
then I took the bookshelf that was there
I put it right here so now look when you
walk into Jackson's room the whole room
is rearranged and I feel like it's so
much bigger I walked in I was like okay
now he can roll around in here and
actually have room I really do feel like
it's bigger what do you think so yeah
you walk in and I got all my picture
stuff up there I got my draft there and
he's got his little toys and then when
he gets able to crawl up all move all of
his books but not too shabby yeah yeah I
thought it was pretty good myself and
then in the wonderful huge closet we
evolved his clothes his clothes I really
don't use the changing thing anymore
really I just use the floor so that is
where that is that is it I think that's
pretty successful today yeah don't you
think we were able to get quite a bit
done while dad was at work Oh PS you yes
you yes you know that's watching thank
you so much for the teething glove I
really don't put on Jackson tan because
he's like doesn't really know what to do
with it but and it just sits here and he
like plays with the little tags and puts
in his mouth and he seems to really like
it's time to end the vlog it's time to
end the vlog it's time to end the vlog
for the night it's time to end the vlog
it's time to end the vlog we'll see you
tomorrow
oh wow did you guys have fun today I had
fun today I had fun at Walmart I know
sorry guys
well no sorry I'm not sorry I'm sorry
not sorry
hashtag I'm not sorry because that's
what we do we go to Walmart and that was
our main event today so we'll see you
guys tomorrow
have a wonderful day and congratulations
to the winners of the t-shirt contest
whoa you've got to make this one a good
one this one has to count
