guys this is not gonna work oh yeah
that's much better much better right
Brian
le happy happy Thursday morning it's
actually Thursday today - you guys it's
Friday Friday gotta get down on Friday
mm-hmm you know what that means guys
it's Friday one week since the contest
is ended and we are going to announce
the winners of the competition I'm
getting dizzy
do we need your computer yeah let me go
get it real quick go get a total vlog
fail Joey I am gonna stop getting into
that habit I'm getting into the habit
where I put it
on me and then I push your chord rather
than record and then put the camera on
me and I forgot to record who won
t-shirts this morning and it was really
good footage and I never even recorded
it we sat down and we recorded like 10
minutes of us announcing the winners of
the competition and Ally did not hit the
record button I can't believe it and I'm
like we were really funny at that time -
so that's good footage and it's gone so
oh well I'll just have to keep watching
cuz there's really cute footage of
Jackson later on so let's go and let's
announce the winners of the competition
and it's like way late so Jackson's
asleep so now we're like nah we don't
have the spunkiness to us anymore I just
got home from work and I'm editing the
vlog and that's how I found now but hey
here are the winners of the competition
of the for free t-shirts are you ready
Ellie can I get a drumroll please
the first winner is Emily from
Greenville South Carolina you want a
t-shirt yay number 2 drumroll please
James from Portland Oregon you and a
t-shirt
number 3 Elizabeth from Paris
Arkansas Arkansas Paris Arkansas you and
a t-shirt number 4 Chelsea from Calgary
Alberta Canada you want a t-shirt oh
we're done running Oh congratulations
guys you guys win free t-shirts look for
some notifications from us about
contacting you about how we're gonna
send these things to you about
congratulations you guys won and
actually we have a bonus t-shirt that we
want to give and Ellie's gonna talk to
you guys about that which I don't want
anybody's feelings hurt because I know a
lot of you guys have been there from the
start of our pregnancy journey and stuff
so I hope those feelings are hurt but
there's one person that sticks out to me
and her name is Bonnie Jones and she has
been so cute to us for the past year or
so that we've been vlogging and just
every video she's been sweet to us she's
been cute to us through Twitter through
Instagram through everything and so we
wanted to give out actually five shirts
and we wanted to give her a shirt as
well so Bonnie let's keep in contact and
we will get you a t-shirt like I said I
hope no one's feelings are hurt we're
definitely going to be doing more
giveaways in the future but I really
wanted to give thanks to especially
Bonnie Jones ok on to the regular
footage for the day see you at the bar
hey guys so I wanted to sit down and
have a little business meeting here with
you business meeting business Tom where
are my socks I need my business socks if
we're gonna have a business meeting a
lot of you guys have been asking hey
where did you get your DSLR hey how much
was your DSLR all of that cool stuff and
I wanted to kind of tell you a little
bit about how
have you guys seen those I know you've
seen them oh I do hands are up close and
personal this is something that I won
from work also the majority of the way
we bought the DSLR was actually through
Amazon giftcards that I won from work
and I wanted to kind of share with you
guys a cool thing that you guys can do
if you guys want to win Amazon giftcards
iTune gift cards even just money
like that he's just found out about this
and now I'm kind of mad because if we
would have done this we went to how to
pay for anything we could have bought
the whole thing with just Amazon gift
cards we wouldn't have to shelled out
any of our own money but it's called
Opinion Outpost and what it is it's an
online survey type thing you just go
online and you share your opinions about
food TVs movies new products politics
you know whatever they have going on is
they just want your opinion and they
give you stuff to do that so I think
that's pretty cool they actually have a
quarterly prize of $10,000 think of how
many Superman socks you can buy with
$10,000 Ellie can you how much makeup I
could buy to think of all the Nintendo
Wiis guys this is what I'm gonna do I'm
gonna get this and I'm gonna get
Nintendo Wii so lle this is for you too
so we can play Mario Kart together gosh
don't you want to hang out with me see
don't you want to hang out with me Ellie
guys I don't know she wants to hang out
with me links down below there will be a
link to go to this place called Opinion
Outpost and you can do all of the things
that you need to win Amazon gift cards
that's what I'm going to be using it for
as Amazon gift cards when you sign up
it's completely free if you have Gmail
you want to click like that promotions
tab Ellie's email has the likes
promotions social and then just regular
inbox check the promotions tab over
there you have to teach me all this I
can teach you but I have to chock mom
mutrah rings guys you can't try it you
can't try anymore turn your just your
bro we'll see that's the thing this is
my personality that's what I do and I
can't be myself when I've got some
broken ribs that is our morning
adventure I am late for work guys don't
tell my boss I have to go Ellie the
camera is in your hands cuz I've got to
go what should we do today guys hmm what
do
think we should do well I thought today
for a wait time it would be fun to go to
the park with Jackson because it's a
nice day today
and look how cute my sunglasses and hat
Jackson here you go
we just gonna relax for a little bit and
play look at the cars go by that I care
in the world
hey you Jackson he literally doesn't
know what to think he's just like taking
it all and there's big there's big trees
here and there's lots of grass and
figurines and cars
we're just playing hood yes I posted a
picture today of all Jackson's rolls he
is such a big boy I cannot wait to see
how much he weighs he's got like all
these little rolls and crevices you
can't see Excel this close wrong he
crazy boys your hat backwards Hey
because you don't have a puppy dog I'll
be your puppy dog and I'll sniff you
I love you yes I love you yes that's it
Beebe all you gotta do is pretend to
drop your child and they will laugh
really hard so guys I don't know if any
of you really care about this but I have
to say this because this is like our
theme and I am so proud of myself I was
telling my dad the other day I am so
proud that I have something that I'm
good at like I feel like I'm good at
hair and that's why I really love doing
hair well I really feel like I'm really
good at these videos I'm getting better
and one night it just clicked like
overnight I was like I can do this and
it helps that Jared's really good and he
taught me but what I did this all by
myself
all the videos on my channel I have
filmed and edited myself jared has
uploaded them to youtube I have done
everything look at this I'm doing my wax
video I've got the wax up here showing
I've got me down here doing and then I
have my voice down here voice over I am
like I'm so proud of myself
Jared you should be proud of me I wonder
if I should show you like guys like a
sneak peek should I show you like a
little bit of it the video is going to
be up the same day that this video is
going to be out because it's Thursday
but if you guys happen to not be
subscribed to my channel and you want to
see something do you want to see me like
rip the wax strip off my arms yeah let's
do that okay I will give you just a
little peek in case you happen to not
see this video yet I'll give you just a
little taste but seriously I'm so proud
of myself
1 2 3 go 1 2 3 look at me I'm doing this
all by myself anyway I just wanted to
and compliment myself I guess on my own
channel but no honestly I wanted to like
tell you guys I was proud of myself
because this is something that I'm
learning it it's really fun now that
like I'm you know I'm out of school I've
been out of school for a long time I've
been doing hair for a long time so it's
kind of fun to pick something up that's
new and to learn it and to be good at it
and I feel like I I am on the road to be
even better but I feel like I'm doing
really well so far so my parents just
got back from Missouri they went and
visited my sister and we are gonna wake
Jackson up because my parecer prized us
at nine o'clock at night so we're gonna
wait Jack's got to see you should I turn
on the light this is too long we're
tired we have been driving for 16 17
hours right I didn't we had no idea that
they were coming so my house think it
does look perfect
good it's the best thing I will do my
pajamas I drove 18 hours in my pajamas
I'm gonna get home in another hour and a
half and I'm already in my pajamas ready
for that house is the sweetest yeah we
look like we like a Betty color please
well good for you I'm so glad you
stopped by I have not seen him for two
months I know and now he rolls over you
would have haven't been home oh my
goodness oh look at you look at you yeah
oh my word she's heavy huh double yeah
he's a chump yeah I watch you every day
but it's been about ten layers of
pajamas on why so heavy well you've been
working out with your oh yeah that's
good that was all fun to tell you the
grandkids I was up they were good huh
when your accent is about 10 we're gonna
take him on a one trip just grab on well
Yemen if it is for buddies yeah three
buddies yeah him and the three buddies
will take
by yourself guys I've told you about my
dad now it's been a long time since he's
done some Sun warming up though no no no
he and if we have all summer I'm gonna
go visit him all summer we're gonna do
camp outs so he's got a lot of time to
practice but we're gonna end the vlog
and guys I'm gonna take it on dad now
there you go good job sky like below if
you like that
