welcome back to this day to get to the
bath to punch about that but due to the
plop
okay Jackson what's your
throwbackthursday story get your hands
out of your mouth do you remember the
time where you were born Jack I guess I
should close our closets every time I'm
going through we're gonna ask what was
in the closet over there vacuum but
every time we're going through anything
I'm like la close the doors today's
episode of throwback Thursday is our
first date here come sit over here so
we're worked together as a family
together forever okay so our first date
oh okay
so our first date mind you if you guys
haven't seen the how we met video you
can go watch that but I was in high
school Oh George you're a cradle-robber
I was 18 actually no I was 17 I think
your cell 7 yeah cuz you're with me on
my 18th birthday that would be a fun
Drive actors day to do um so I was 17 I
was in high school and Jared called my
mom the week before our date our first
date our first like official like
official date we'd hung out before but
Jerry called my mom the week before and
Oh Jackson you're ruining it throwback
Thursday I knew that we were going on a
date on a Saturday and it was our first
official date we had hung up before but
we had never gone on an official date
Jerry caught my mom the week before our
date and asked permission if it was okay
if he take me on a date and then he told
my mom what we were gonna do on the day
so that way she knew what we were gonna
be doing because I was gonna have to
drive an hour away to go on our date
because Jared didn't have a car he was
going to college so I was gonna have to
drive to the date and then he would take
me once I was there so Jared called and
asked for permission and my mom said you
know I mean yes she said yes she said
yes and I was really excited and I said
don't tell Ellie what we're doing cuz
it's a surprise
scratch my nose real quick so Ellie made
the long drive down to come see me and
she came and I was really excited
because I had
actually rented a tandem bike and we
rode around town on the tandem bikes and
we rode to a park and I put in a picture
right now of us on the tandem bikes it's
pretty fun
oh my gosh the tandem bikes were so fun
and I tried to be in the front to ride
the tandem bike but I could not like I
could not function it like I didn't know
how I was gonna have the leg power
seriously do so Jarrod wrote in the
front most of the time well no I think
actually what it was it was the steering
like you cuz Newton is the steering
because the back you're basically just
on there so the front was the steering
and everything so I le tried but
couldn't really yeah but we wrote around
the park and everything like that and
then I actually had a kite so we went
out and we flew a kite and it was a lot
of fun because I think it was actually a
pretty windy yeah it was and we flew a
kite and I it's honestly been years and
years and years since I had done that
what are you doing buddy you having fun
here he wants to look at what we're
doing it's been so long since I flew a
kite so I was like let's fly a kite so
we flew a kite and then we kept riding
around town just just talking and that
was a lot of fun is we were on the
tandem bikes and we were just sitting
and writing and talking and laughing and
having a good time and then after we
flew kites we went to a place called JJ
dogs and Jared was so nervous he was
like is it good do you like it like he
was so like he wanted and I was like
bested and J dogs because I loved that
place I love it so much and I was so
worried that Ellie would be like man
it's okay I'm like good it was really
good though and it's different uShip I
never eat something like that for a
first day it was like eating corn on the
cob or spaghetti for your first date
well I had special sauce dripping
everywhere it was all over my hand
it's like Barbara it's like good it's
like a sticky barbecue sauce it's really
really good it was really good so that
was fun so we had J dogs for the first
time I don't think we have I think we
have a picture somewhere we have a
couple pictures I think there's actually
one on the wall of us eating J dogs that
was the first time though
I got away with engagement ring on its
run a pink shirt
so after J dogs I really don't know what
we did honestly I think we went and
returned the tandem bikes back and then
we went home and I think we actually
went to my apartment and talked a lot
more and got to know each other a little
bit better and then we watched a movie
which is kind of lame for like a first
real date but not first real date while
we're doing stuff all day yeah but we
had done stuff all day long and we knew
each other pretty well yeah so it's not
like we were like oh let's we don't know
each other let's go on a first honestly
the rest of the night I don't remember I
do remember that we didn't kiss Jared
didn't kiss me
I didn't it took a year in and forever
it did not take a year oh my god I'm
sorry it did to get took that like a
year to you because you kiss on the
first day all the time so I wanted to
wait and I did not want to be to have a
relationship solely based on a physical
attraction you know obviously I was
physically attracted to LA but I wanted
to make sure that it was real and I
think the reason why is because Jared
was at the time in his life where he
wasn't just looking for like a little
girlfriend Jared was in college who is
invested he was trying to find his wife
so maybe it was a good thing you didn't
just no I wouldn't have minded a kiss
what and I I wanted to kiss you I really
did it's not like I'm like no I'm not
gonna kiss you because I don't want to
you know it's because I wanted to wait
and I wanted to make sure it would the
timing was right yes good yeah but that
that's all I remember I don't really
remember anything else the rest of the
night so I must have been lame Yeah
right we had so much fun that was
probably one of my favorite first days
yeah that was a tandem bike seriously it
was a lot of fun because we had a good
time we're laughing we're riding
together we're talking and we're just it
was beautiful I remember there was a
beautiful we're honking at us cuz we're
in this college town and it's like
Tanna bytes of people were honking and
waving it was really fun yeah you can
honk and wave if you know that song I am
really really impressed let me know if
you know whose sing that song but that
that's pretty much choice yeah that's
our date he chose that we need to know
about I don't think she I can't think of
anything no that was it kind of short it
was a lot of fun and that was the
beginning of our relationship no it
wasn't even the beginning of our
relationship because we knew each other
like yeah it was the big the first date
to a lot of dates where I ended up
proposing to Ellie and we got married
and we had this little guy here because
he is our little guy aren't you I do the
handstand let me try the handstand you
want try it I'm gonna try Jared's rib
honestly I think you really did crack a
rib because he picked up Jackson when he
got home from work and I was I was
rolling I picked up Jackson I was laying
down next to Jackson and I picked him up
like this and rolled on the ground and I
was like I could not move I could not
breathe so I I don't know we might get
up taken them we might gonna look that
but the thing is is we don't want to go
get it looked at because they can't do
it I think they're cracked ribs unless I
guess eternal damage but he probably
would have already been dead now if
there was internal damage we're okay
thank you guys for watching our first
real throwback Thursday where we have it
designated if you guys liked the video
be sure to thumbs up and if you haven't
already subscribe and we'll see you guys
in the next video Oh No
everyone make a sad face oh I'm so sorry
Jared it's just a flesh wound I'll get
better I'll do it okay I'll do the
handstand
you'll be are you guys okay and I
dropped it
guys we're falling all over the place
you know what I was thinking of you know
what I was thinking I was thinking of
FAMILY GUY period love oreos
I was thinking a family guy when he hit
his knee and he's like are you five
minutes no joke
okay Ellie's send us home take us away
cowboy take Ellie away oh look at that
that's getting go
