good morning everyone good morning
Vietnam
if you guys noticed throughout the vlog
today or even the next week if I'm not
very smiley it's because I'm not happy
just kidding my lips are blistering like
crazy and they hurt so bad I think they
got sunburned and there's a little dots
all over my lips they are like really
blistered but lips are real bad we've
done a lot of uh Napoleon Dynamite yeah
lately but guys don't be jealous on I've
been chatting online with babes all day
besides we both and I'm trying to become
a cage fighter true fact did you know
that the guy the uncle in the video that
you saw the me that he's really
vegetarian did you know that okay Jared
and I are on the way to the post office
we are sending all of our little
thank-you cards out like I said I don't
have everybody's addresses and I'm
really sorry
but from the start Jessica from New
Jersey
you're getting one Mons say from Costa
Rica you're getting one Emily Rose from
England you are getting one Kaylee from
Virginia teryn from Riverton Utah what
worked Stacey from Houston Texas Mary
from Nebraska Nebraska braska Nikki from
Canada and Erika from Missouri you guys
are all getting dinky letters from me um
don't judge my handwriting oh you're
filming Grantham
thank you guys are going out I hope you
guys are ready
check drop : no what else would you do
with them no huh yes drop them all in
good yes and they're gonna go oh cut off
the loose card on the loose oh no it's
gonna
because you
we're at Sonic and they have nerds that
have may have green-apple nerds and
blue-raspberry nerds slushies what one
should I do well they have a great
one back there - should you blue eyes
look what look
grape nerds cherry nerds green apple
nerds watermelon nerds blue raspberry
nerds I say green or blue raspberry
which one I say watermelon or cherry
no I say blue red it's yours you get
what you cuz I'm gonna get my original
watermelon cream slush because that is
the best the blue slushie is okay they
just threw nerds in it but I do have to
say Sonic's french fries are the best
french fries out there McDonald's are
too salty we really never ever go there
Wendy's has gone through the PAS
I hate Wendy's french fries so Sonics
they're the next best I think what do
you think um I like fried food yeah uh
uh the watermelon cream slush is my
favorite thing from Sonic though it is
really what do you think about the fries
though because nobody has good fries
anymore Wendy's fries are horrible let
me try them
yeah yeah those are good the new
Nintendo that's out is that what it is
that it's been out for a long time it's
just that Mario Kart and Super Smash
Bros like those are all games that we
will play together that's all the games
I played growing up and Brian and Missy
they loved theirs and Jared's like Ellie
you we could get it and then you could
play with me because I always want you
to play games with me but you never do
we're not gonna buy one but we're gonna
window shop for one my huge fan of the
controller look what big that is it's
like a tablet oh yeah that's like a
tablet how are you supposed to play with
both your hands TT - me - that's crazy
I'm not gonna lie though I love Mario
Kart like Nintendo 64 is what I grew up
playing and I loved it you video chat
with us - and you know that oh that's
why it's a huge like a tablet
okay and the other cool thing so let's
say you're watching The Bachelorette
I can actually play on the game right
here - because there's me apparently I
don't know that's cool right that is
correct
does it either out before I had Jackson
me and Jed actually borrowed my dad's
Nintendo 64 that we all had growing up I
mean it was like the whole family's but
we actually borrowed it for like two
weeks we got my little nephew come over
and we played with it and it was fun and
then we gave it back to him so why don't
we just borrow it again
because it's totally good I know this
does look really fun it's like a new and
improved Nintendo 64 in my opinion so
right is that correct yeah exactly
I love it a new 65 I love that nope
no wonder misty loves it me and her
we're bound to be best friends too bad
we just don't live right next to each
other tonight on The Bachelorette we
watch Andy as she continues her search
to find love hi I'm Chris Harrison and I
could do his job way better than he
could just kidding hey Ted Souter I just
tweeted no I just instagrammed a picture
and I said that we liked Marcus in the
farmer and another guy but I changed my
mind I thought it was Marcus there's a
Marcus out of marquel I like marquel
that are the Marcus if anyone was
watching I have no idea what you're
talking about but that's what we're
watching are these people trying to
swoon this lady named Andy and that's
why we have going on actually give them
pointers I'm like 10 years younger than
everyone and I seem to make it work well
they're all confusing oh but it's back
on so they got we got to go hurry hey
guys just wanted to let you know our
videos this week have been kinda scary
Wampus if you will just because of the
Father's Day video that we posted
Tuesday's video was actually on Saturday
the video that you're watching right now
is actually footage from Monday probably
you already know that because the
bachelors on Mondays or something like
that but by this Friday we should be all
back onto the normal days but just to
give you kind of heads up that's kind of
why the videos may seem a little off
track
Friday is where we are going to announce
the winner of the t-shirts so everyone
that submitted stuff for a free t-shirt
we will announce that on Friday are you
guys so excited I am so excited this is
so cool for us I think it's so cool that
we have these shirts and we're giving
them away and it's a lot of fun and
future congratulations although all
those who won but I'm so excited for
Friday to do the announcement but it's
that time of night and you know what
that means
Ellie has to get ready for a handstand
she's getting ready she's getting pumped
she's getting excited she's working out
she's shaking that booty she's shaking
that booty
she hasn't shaken the booty yet she's
shaking the booty she's now she's sick
of the video there we go
okay Ellie take her away okay I didn't
run into the TV last time but we'll see
you guys tomorrow I hope you have a
wonderful night and I'm getting better
