 I didn't see tradition that me and
my sister get together together for the
parade and we sit in front of the salon
that I worked at and then we watch the
parade and Ruby's little girls are
actually in the parade this year so
it'll be really fun to record them and
see what they're doing but Jackson we've
been looking at his little teeth he is
totally teething guys I don't know if
I'm gonna be able to show oh it's way
too dark but there's some teeth in there
there they're coming in
poor booby hurry and cleans the babies
up I have to show you where her little
munchkins are up to rats all girly boy
Russell got into the doughnuts and now
Eve is like drenched in chocolate are
you even old enough to you chuckling hey
we've got the little girls coming on
their flow we got to make sure that we
get them
look we just got flowers because we're
mothers huh Jackson and the little girls
down there don't afraid they got to show
me a cheer in spirit pump it up
Abby your turn hey guys I just picked up
my two little cheerleaders I just picked
up a little Caesars Pizza and these
little girls are to come Jared Knight to
the park and they're gonna help us shoot
some other videos that we have coming
out hopefully they turn out we don't
have as many people as we wanted to come
but we'll have fun won't we yeah yeah me
and Julie just spotted deer in Jared's
gonna take a picture with our new DSLR I
want to I want to show you guys the deer
can you see yeah
we are all done looking at the deer
we've got our babycakes
relaxing and us girls were just eating
pizza we got cheese Giovanna pepperoni
but us girls like cheese and there's
three against two I guess so we want
hung girls can you guys pull a wish okay
make a wish
the point was to blow make a wish you
blew it at her face you goo well at
least you're smiling Julie you got
caught all over your face now there's a
deer right in front of us he's right
there cannot even believe it we're all
having a fun time we're trying to get
this little project of ours shot and
ready to go whoa
sorry that was it very good happy
whoa and then Jared's over here trying
to do something hi is it cat fur Julie
just asked me what it's called and I
didn't believe Jeremy told me it was
called a dead cat but it literally is
called a dead cat so what's the other
name a dead cat this is a real dead cat
touch it I won't scare you no it's not
now try this side we're working on our
Father's Day project which you were
gonna see this on Sunday but this video
is actually going up on Tuesday because
our day is kind of got jumbled up my
niece's are gonna end the vlog Abby do
you have anything to say before we end
it this is exciting you have anything to
say no oh maybe you should say this is
exciting you do a handstand can you do
one it's pretty good Abby can you do one
hey real quick what was your favorite
thing about today thank you boys your
favorite thing about today video video
video I guess pizza was on their
favorite thing I guess being in the
parade was it their favorite thing that
was like two hours ago okay see you
later guys bye
