happy happy Father's Day
there's no reason this - Pancho ma ma
Jackson and I wise like a toughy Jackson
and I wanted to give our appreciation to
you - a letter and maybe a gift or two I
love socks I'll let you start with the
letter but you won't you won't read that
out loud maybe like the first sentence
you can happy Father's Day
that's it just thank you for all your
hard work do you want um um this rapping
or do you want Christmas um why not
oh let's start with Christmas okay Merry
Christmas
ha ha ha this is all I had oh cool
these are more of those shirts that I
like so much when Jared gets a shirt
that he likes me you should just get one
in every color so you need more shirts I
like that one very much and this is like
one of my favorite colors so true
Superman so true Superman okay
okay next up the beautiful wrapping
that's in a blanket Oh dad's red still
hurt it's like when it's in the morning
yeah morning the word and when I'm like
crawling into bed you don't know you
don't realize how much you use your ribs
on you crawl into bed oh well how you do
there you found like um hidey-ho
neighbor II know who is that my sex yeah
it's a bag for our camera stuff but not
only that like look this is something
that Jared and I are always like oh this
is such a pain okay we can actually go
places now and we can have our DSLR in
here one of our lenses in here and we
only have one lens so then this can be
our does this mean I can get more lenses
yeah actually I looked at lenses and I
was like oh that's our price range huh
and then our little cameras can go here
but wait there's more wait
then our Chargers tear it it's not what
you do exact though it gives you again
huh it's like a little sword but you're
like then our Chargers can go here at
archers and cables our cables and our SD
cards happy Father's Day thank you kiss
me on the mouth right now because I love
you
Thank You Ella burning red thank you
you're welcome thank you let me make
bacon Megan you like it it's your new
home okay goodbye come eat your dinner
Tina Tina fell or go get some dinner
yum yum yum yum yum yum yum yum yum you
just think I'm gonna have some he will
be like she something's gonna shine a
bum even though we ain't got money I'm
so love with you honey and everything
will bring a chain of love and in the
lawn and when I rise bring it to your
two eyes and tell me everything is gonna
be alright all pretend I'm kissing the
lips I am missing and hope will come
true and then while I'm away I'll write
home every day and I'll send all my love
Oh send to you all my loving darling
I'll be true
hey Elliot let me show you how it's done
because obviously you haven't done this
long enough to know you have to hit the
record button before he starts on camera
le was going off about oh I'm making
this dinner it's so good you're blah
blah blah and the camera wasn't even
rolling today we're making barbecue
chicken doctor da da I make around the
club to the DA and I roll my corn in the
butter
are you a roller or are you a spreader
and barbecue chicken is my favorite and
le made it for me on Father's Day
Oh collectively Oh two three Oh
uh I think Jared she the car on the cob
like my daddy it's one of the holy
Hannah Montana if you have seen Ellie's
dad eat corn dad I'm sorry it he's like
even what he's he's like he's like he's
like oh I didn't even know how to
describe it he's kinda beast my dad gave
himself a hickey by digging around the
gob
he will just eat granny it's kind of hot
but he's like oh don't kill yourself I
thought my dice growing on guys I'm
sorry break it to you dad you eat coral
at home kind of weird Jackson you need
to learn how to play pop it you're doing
something wrong you've been doing this
like a million times and you're not
getting anywhere yeah it's that time a
night again to end the vlog but before I
end I want to give you guys a quick
update a lot of you guys are continuing
to ask what our schedule is Jared and I
are going to do daily vlogs forever when
Jared told me he's like it's just a
trial period and my head I'm like no
this is going to be for a while so we
are going to do daily vlogs but a lot of
you guys know that Jared works crazy
hours he works 40 to 50 hours a week and
so our vlogs are just gonna be really
whatever we want them to be and they'll
be anywhere from 5 to 10 minutes they
may be one takers and what we decided to
do every Thursday instead of a vlog we
are going to do the throwback Thursday
the past two weeks we've done throwback
Thursdays along with the vlog but we are
just going to do like story time pretty
much on Thursdays we're going to show
you wedding pictures dating pictures
will tell you guys stories about us
stories about our child
maybe we'll even do q and A's every
Thursday we'll pick a question from you
guys and answer stuff like that
Sunday's it's more family-oriented we're
going to make the vlogs very short kind
of like one takers will see but we are
going to be posting a video everyday and
you know maybe here in three months it
may change with Jared's job we'll just
see but plan on seeing us every day this
is an experiment we're gonna change it
as we go we're gonna adapt to it so
hopefully you guys can adapt with us and
we'll just see what happens
ribs don't fail me now thanks for
watching guys subscribe like the video
see you later bye bye
