good morning guys
today's kind of starting off with the
crappy start Jared went to work and I
was like don't forget I need to take out
the stroller out of the car and he went
to work and I forgot and he forgot and
so now my plans are kind of on the back
burner one of my friends invited me to
go with her to our city fair and we're
gonna stroll our babies down to the park
and it's way too far to walk and hold
him the whole time and then be there and
hold him and then my little ergo carrier
to hold a mint is in the car too and
Jared's at work so I don't think I'm
good to go so I'm kind of bummed but in
the meantime I have something that I
want to do in these three boxes I have
letters from all of you guys that you
guys have sent me and the latest letter
and package that we got sent we don't
always like say what we get and stuff
but it was just so thoughtful and so
sweet
she was from Costa Rica heard a little
boy sent us a little package
I'm totally gonna butcher her name but
it was like Monterey and her son is Luka
I think anyway they sent us this little
like frog thing that makes noise and
they sent Jackson a little shirt and
then facemask a little magnet and it was
just so cute and thoughtful and so my
goal today is I got some thank-you cards
and they have little giraffes onon and
I'm going to go through all the letters
today and I want to write thank-you
letters to you guys and send those out
and I'm kind of mad at myself because
when I had Jackson we were getting a ton
letters and I save all of our letters
but where they were shipped from I
didn't always save those so now I don't
now I'm not gonna be able to send a
thank-you letter to every single person
because I didn't think to save the
address so I'm really sorry but I'm
going to go through those in and write
thank-you letters today do you want to
help me I should have gotten a little
like stamp and stamp sure Oh Jackson but
now that I have us all cleaned up back
to what I was saying was I should have
bought in a little
damn pad and like stamp dust fell onto
the letters that would have been cute
but that might take me a few days maybe
even a week to finish all those letters
because it'll probably take me a long
time in then I got devised some
attention to you little guy that's the
next thing when we buy a house Jared and
I are gonna be buying leather couches
cuz look 9 get hacked like wipe that up
benefits leather I could have just like
wiped it down the best purchase I've
ever purchased was our leather rocking
chair in our baby room
I am stop choking me stop choking me
start choking me but I'm so glad that I
bought that leather chair because it has
been my favorite piece of furniture
definitely worth the money
something that I'm learning really fast
with writing these letters back is
everybody has better handwriting than me
huh a lot of you guys were to get
letters from me and you're gonna be like
Ellie's handwriting sucks like teryn
like look how beautiful her handwriting
is like that's so pretty like I'm trying
really hard guys but handwriting was
never my best skill why I said teryn I
have no idea oh that was Taryn
just kidding this was Erica's letter ah
I'm getting everybody's letters confused
this was Erica's letter that has
Voltaire Taran has good handwriting too
but
Erica's handwriting is good too I don't
know everybody's handwriting is really
good I'm getting all the letters and
names confused hopefully I don't send
Terra
Erica's letter and air cuts Hera's
letter that would be really confusing
okay I was able to write eight of you
guys back I know that's not a lot out of
all the letters that we've gotten but
eight people so far but guys I do read
every letter I do read all of your
guys's emails all your comments and in
the end we just want to say that we
appreciate everything but hopefully
we'll be able to write a handful of you
guys back and you guys will know just
how much we really do appreciate
everything Jackson it's okay look how
far under the catchiest let me grab
Jackson he's like scooting himself
backward look he's under the couch
Jackson huh stop screwing yourself I
want I want to be able to catch on film
I'm gonna watch him for a couple more
minutes and see if he does it again he's
such a GU but you're cute thank you to
scoop back look at that he pushes
himself backwards look it's okay oh oh I
think that Jackson really is starting to
tease because it's not like him to kind
of be whiny and stuff it's kind of a
starting to be whiny today even with
good naps and feedings but look at that
look he scoots himself back I'm
officially done editing
the eyebrow tutorial that me and my
sister did that's who to go up on my
channel this is the most hardest longest
editing session I've ever had to do is
taking me a couple days to start doing
it but I'm going to give you a sneak
peak there are a ton of bloopers like a
ton of bloopers like half the videos
probably bloopers but and just to give
you just a taste of what it's like I'm
going to show you the not as fun
bloopers right now if you want to see it
so for a long time I never gonna get
through it for a long time I you know we
laughed the whole time like Bonnie would
start talking and I would bust up
laughing she would start talking we had
bust up and start laughing again so
anyway it was really fun but I'm proud
of myself guys I can edit and it's all
because you guys told me do it it's okay
you can learn so now I'm an editing fool
and you're a rolling fool
you're really pollyali fool are you
sucking your toe every second I ho I saw
you you're sucking your toe you came
sorry guys I can't even suck my toe look
I'll show you
look I cannot suck it I finally fell on
my back he had his foot or maybe so
flexible he had his foot but see if I
lean forward okay
look a set by till there but look I'm
leaning forward he's falling on his back
pulling his foot towards his face and I
can't believe it
you're crazy how come you suck your toe
huh he's like I don't know tastes good
tastes salty you joke dude hey he's your
dude look he's good do it again hey you
suck your toe some more hey do it
another night
of an hour post work what stinks are you
serious yeah so muscles well it could be
the trash there's like a million dirty
diapers I haven't taken out for the past
couple days look what we got some
packages Snickers here you go use your
treat true love I have a head Snickers
in a long time that's true love is when
your husband comes home from work and
brings you half a Snickers bar thank you
I'm finally home from work and we have
some packages and Ellie's going to open
I'm gonna get chocolate that's kind of
what I figured it is here it's like it's
like heavy listen Shh Jerry stop
breathing huh it sounds like is you know
what that actually sounds like it sounds
like some PlayStation video games ah
amazing whatever hey guys and since I
have my thank-you cards out I'm gonna
write thank you cards right away so that
I don't accidentally throw your whatever
it's from packaging yeah that way don't
show the traffic anyway oh shut
hahahaha Bubba Bubba duncantucker Oh oh
my god hi oh my gosh hey
Oh breezy that to my childhood Dr Pepper
chaps oh my gosh Ellie hold this hold
this guys oh my want peace oh my gosh
look at it look I want peace hurry
hug above hair Prentice on your mother
but I'll put that in your mouth oh yeah
I can't believe it Hubba Bubba
dr. freaking pepper gum Stacey I did
yourself oh I guess we should be polite
and read the letter we should look at
the letter first I was never really a
fan of YouTube but one day I dropped on
YouTube and started watching random
videos pregnancy-related which led me to
a video by Ashley Lauren but then
YouTube started popping up videos like
videos that she liked and this video
kept popping up it's but I quit my job
one I was like wow what's up with these
guys for a week YouTube kept suggesting
that I watch this video so I find the
gaben in Washington oh my gosh hooked
I'm sorry Mike we're like yeah this is
dr. pepper so good from salivating here
I know me too
I loved how fun and exciting y'all were
y'all were happy and really enjoy life
so I watched a few more and a few more
and a few more needless to say I went
back and watch all of your videos not in
a weird stalker kind of way whatever
it's okay you can stalk us so good
Stacey you can stalk us um so I
subscribe your channel was the first
channel I ever subscribed to thank you
know Stacey
that is so cute of you and honestly this
gums gonna be gone in like a day I'm
loving it sorry we're gonna be chomping
through the rest of the vlog hey guys I
thought I would send over a present for
little cutie Jackson love your vlogs and
I watch from England love from Jenny Oh
Jennifer thanks Jenny from England
or Jackson just started crying
he has been real his sons different
today it's and he has not been himself I
really think maybe he is teething Oh
organic teething plush perfect freakin
timing a little giraffe oh my gosh
Jenny I love it look it's like a little
giraffe a little teething giraffe that
him hold on to and eat and SEC huh cave
nut and our vlog guys John doing has
said are your ribs still hurt I think
you should do dance right I think I
think I should give myself a little bit
more rest but I do feel I do feel like
I'm getting a little bit better so
that's a good thing I've been having a
little bit more flexibility a little bit
bigger range of motion so that's good
I'm showing signs of improvement
I will hit the guitars I'll just I'm not
a : cuz he's good at handstands I'm not
at :
Colin Colin come on like underwear : I
know I'm at it Colin
he showed me up and now I feel like I
can't do anything
hey guys we'll see you tomorrow we're
going to talk to you soon about our new
schedule maybe we will stick to daily
vlogs who knows
