Oh
how cute is that um so today I am
actually going to be taking Jared to
work I'm meeting one of my really good
friends for a banana banana I'm meeting
her out for a lunch we're gonna do a
little shopping a little browsing and
her little boy is just two weeks younger
than Jackson so we really like to get
together because we're not only friends
but were like mommy friends and our
little babies can play together this is
my friend I told you guys about we are
mommy best friends and we've got our
little two baby boys we're going and
we're going to go do some shopping while
dad's at work we're gonna go spend all
their money
this is what I call multitasking we're
both feeding our babies and we're eating
at the same time Jackson keeps kicking
his little leg out when he Eve that's
something new that he started and it is
so cute and he's not eating because he
keeps looking at my friend he's not used
to people being around which means
we literally are shopping until they
drop both babies are donked and we're
going to continue to shop okay how many
babies can we fit in a dressing room got
two adults two carts and a bunch of
clothes that we're going to try on I
think we should give him a baseball cap
do you like that we have the babies here
and they're pulling at each other and
the last time that we got these babies
together this little guy was huge like
way out weighed out looked Jackson and
he's only two weeks younger and now that
we've gotten together her Jax is gonna
like see them big head mcgee and like
he's like roll over on him so it's been
fun to see these two little babies and
friends changing it's fun to watch and
play together Moo Texas like I'm not
gonna let go hi oh oh
what do you think of a baby in the house
Jackson cooperate for our picture
stop rolling on him we just want to take
a picture oh yeah
look I'll let you boys look at this can
you look at the giraffe Jackson not me
the giraffe put your legs up
Hey
hey you boys hey Jackson Jackson don't
kick your friend thumbsucker in a
laugher tell him to stop sucking on your
arm he'll stop hey they're fightin now
Jackson stop rolling on it and give him
his toy back and Jackson one Duncan zero
you're winning
well this stinks is 10 o'clock Jared was
off work at 8 o'clock
I drove Jared to work and I'm supposed
to go pick him up but Jackson was down
to sleep at like 8:30 tonight and I was
like Jared can you have someone from
your work drop you off so I think
Jared's gonna find a ride home for
tonight but it just stinks it kind of
stinks when you expect your husband home
from work when he's been working all day
and he's still there so it's been kind
of lonely without it but I had such a
fun day with my friend and hopefully
Jared will be calling soon and help you
on his way do you guys think it's
totally lame that when I get home from
work and I just come on the vlog it's
time to end the vlog like I'm only here
either at the very beginning or the very
end of the log do you guys think that's
lame it's not lame it just goes to show
you that you are working a real
full-time job and doing crazy YouTube
videos on the side yeah I'm busy
and my ribs were real bad real real bad
I can't sneeze or cough cuz it hurts
get laughs either Oh either oh um so we
are just as guys it's like 11 o'clock
and I just got home from work and Ellie
had made these awesome meat the bowls
you have some spicy meat the bowls with
the spicy meatballs little sliders that
I cannot wait to devour because I'm free
starving but I wanted to let you guys
know that today that you're watching
this video
Friday the 13th we is the last day to
put in your entries for the free t-shirt
contest
Ellie and I are giving away four
t-shirts for free and all you have to do
is click the link below the gleam link
and enter the contest you can either
enter through Twitter or through
Instagram and by the way a lot of you
guys are like oh I can't you're handsome
I'm pregnant or I'm old or you know I
broke my wrist you don't have to do a
hands down I mean we just thought that
would be something fun and unique if you
physically can't smile button enter I've
been dying over your hand stamps I've
been loving up especially the ones in
the swimming suits you brothers are good
I was like three girls like doing
handstands like that and then there was
a couple people in the pool it was
really good there's one on the diving
board doing like a scorpion or something
like that but I deserve a shirt but we
aren't we aren't picking it it's
randomly picking them so girl on the
diving board I hope you get it because
that was really good um but with the
pictures like I don't know try and make
us laugh be funny or something like that
um but yeah it doesn't have to be
enhanced and if you guys don't want to
do a handstand don't worry about that
just send a picture using the gleam link
below or tweet the tweet that is tweeted
down below in your Twitter tweet ok can
you tweet that thank you
Ellie one more team a couple of you guys
have said well I don't have Instagram or
Twitter does that mean I'm not a lot
that means you have a look at least for
this contest yeah but we'll do it again
in the future but those are two really
huge social media sites so I mean if you
don't have it then employed or you have
it
but just get it out we'll do it again
another time make sure you guys are
following us on Twitter and Instagram
too because that's like where you get
the most quickest fastest speediest
information from us too so links below
le send us off take us home babycakes
take us home we'll see you guys tomorrow
bye bye
our guitars
