good morning guys we have had a really
really lazy morning we just got back
from Bonnie's house if you guys have
seen the past couple days and Jared
correct on an ATV and my ribs are sore
you're not doing so hot we both got out
of the bed and I mean I didn't wreck but
I'm still exhausted I was just like oh
so we're kind of lazy today Ellie's
having sympathy pains no I really don't
feel good I'm like exhausted but jared
is opening with oh sorry
I am making biscuits and gravy this
morning and I am eating them and Jared's
eating them and Jackson's gonna watch
his makeup okay we're opening up the
package that you always have to do and
debate um am I doing this wrong did I
buy the wrong kind
well this is weird
I'm out ten minutes later Jackson
Jackson are you so happy to be home yes
you are I think that babies know in
their home because we may got home last
night I just could tell a difference
Jack I heard it though well that was
kind of lame sorry guys sorry that that
wasn't as fun as I thought it was gonna
be
I love homemade gravy so I cooked up my
sausage and all the leftover kind of fat
and grease I I made up and now I'm just
finishing the gravy so it's thickening
up I've got my sausage already cooked
and Jared's jumping out of the shower
and we're good to eat Jared's in the
shower and he goes Ellie I can't tell if
you're vlogging or if you're talking to
me which one are you doing so I cried
you guys and I'm doing both
we're almost done mm-hmm
Ellie you have outdone yourself yes
looks delicious and I'm gonna eat it
with my mouth and put it inside my belly
and it's gonna taste so good warning the
following material may be graphic to
some viewers this is his arm it's
healing it's actually looked a lot worse
yesterday and the day before than it
does today we need to clean it out yeah
we need to clean it out and put some
more procs ID on in else one but I want
to taste these but I want to see if it's
good so take the first bite
okay that's good I did a good job that's
good high five
boom I fire in the hole
here we go here we go here we go busting
out the neosporin all of the cleaning
supplies and bandages so I can be all
good for work I think I have some
bruised ribs and from everything that
I've heard it takes a long time to heal
so I'm not too excited about that but
I'm trying to keep my spirits high and
this guy just woke up before I'm going
to work so I'm pretty excited that I can
just say goodbye goodbye
Kapow you scratch me oh you're cute
little boy okay I love you guys I'm not
gonna do anything today that's okay
think of it I need to catch up on some
Bachelorette and we're gonna take a nap
together yay already clean so I'm just
gonna poop though okay have fun pooping
I don't think Jackson's gonna pop the
tooth anytime soon but I definitely
think that he is in his early stages of
teething he blows bubbles all the time
and he keeps like playing with his lips
he like does that I want him to do it do
it go home I don't know if he's gonna
pop a tooth anytime soon it didn't hurt
but like I don't know I think just
assume he gets his first tooth I'm so
excited to see what his first tooth
looks like because he is like exactly
what we are like he's got Jared's
bigger head he's got a little it was a
little body and he is gonna have one big
honkin big white tooth like one big
tooth I'm really excited to see what it
looks like see you smile I see a little
smile I love that I can start to kind of
like rough him up a little bit now that
he's like getting stronger and older
right right I'm excited for when Jared
gets home today because Jackson has been
a lot more balanced e'er like when you
hold him he jumps up on his legs and
he'll bounce and jump on your legs and
stuff so he's been really good at like
here I'll just show you he like stands
up on your legs and he's like already
like jumping and bouncing it's hard to
do except one hand and I was thinking
that we should get him like a little
jumper or some sort of little bouncer
that I can put in the doorway of the
kitchen or something I really don't want
to get the ones that are like that sit
in your living room or something because
we just we don't have much room in this
place and I don't want to accumulate too
much stuff that like has to sit out in
the open like his swing where am I gonna
put it like I'm just gonna have to leave
it where it's at and so I saw this one
that goes in the doorway I found it at
Babies R Us and it's not bad price I'll
have to have Jared look at the hip stuff
cause like you guys know we're pretty
picky about how your hips lay in certain
products but I think I'd be really fun
to get a bouncer for him or something
like that what do you think should we
get you a little jumper not balancer you
know what I mean a jumper they're all
the same thing so you could start
actively jumping I was just writing back
to comments and the video started
playing and right when Jared started
seeing Jackson would smile do you guys
want to see how cute it is he was dead
he was like that sound sounds familiar I
thought baby sounds like me
you want it so bad you do he's been
staring at this basket I've just been
watching him trying to figure out how to
grab stuff out of it get it oh no what
your nose I'll help you now here you go
step better I haven't done this in a way
long time I used to always put my hair
on Jackson's face and he would love it
he would just like hold his breath and
love it I wanted to see if he does he'll
like it again
I love your smile Jared's gonna be home
soon and Jackson's gotta go to bed soon
so I don't think dad's gonna be able to
say goodnight to you I'm sorry can you
say goodnight tonight to him ah good
night kiss kiss yes he's only an hour
and a half late off of work I dropped
the keys you drop the keys get in the
door cuz I dropped the keys I just told
him you're only an hour and a half late
coming home from work that's it that's a
good night right yeah but guys I was
thinking I need to do my throwback
Thursday for you guys I need to tell you
guys I think of one well Jared changes
his clothes for the evening I'm gonna
give you guys my throwback Thursday I
used to work at a snow cone Shack but I
was not just a snow cone maker I was the
best snow cone maker I don't get a snow
cone now and they just fill it full of
ice and drizzle some syrup on and hand
it to me
no no no no that was not how you make a
snow cone what you do to make a really
good snow cone is you feel the snow cone
halfway and you drizzle a little bit of
syrup on it and then you fill it up the
rest of the way and then you put the
syrup on top of the little snow cap
that's on it some people make it that
way now but every time I've gotten a
snow cone since I've worked at a snow
cone Shack they never make it that way
they just fill it all the way up and
then drizzle syrup on it and and if you
do it that way it's not as good because
that you end up putting too much syrup
in it and then it's a sloppy mess and
it's just not as good so that that's a
little tip for you if you ever go to a
snow cone shock if they make it that way
it seems to always be better
sorry I just like to peek on Jackson
because he's my favorite and thing in
the world other than Ellie I have two
favorites elegan Jackson are my
favorites so my throwback Thursday I was
thinking about what I wanted to say the
last three years of high school I worked
at Red Robin Red Robin you know you
heard just a cool server I was the Robin
I was the Robin and I would go to
different events like hockey games
anytime there was some sort of Red Robin
sponsorship I would dress up as the bird
and I would go because I was like the
only person who would fit in the costume
and one thing that I would do a lot is
they would have me dress up as the bird
during like slow periods and families
would come in and I would sit on the
bench dress up as the bird and I would
stay as still as possible just like that
and then people would come in like oh
the bird like let's go take a picture
next to it and then I would as soon as
they were about to take the picture I
would go like this and they're like skin
scare and it was so much fun because you
know it was it was just fun and the
families loved it so that's my throwback
Thursday in high school I worked at Red
Robin as a server and all of that stuff
and a busser and yeah I did everything
but the fun part but the fun part I was
the bird the sphere say I feel bad about
your ribs they're really good tonight
was that work today
I know Jared was shaking people's hands
and he's like every time I shake
somebody's hand it hurts I probably
shouldn't have done the handstand and
all that stuff so I'm gonna let you do
that tonight
okay guys we will eventually get really
good at this isn't boring just like
stand turn do hands down I like it what
do you think Jared I think it's pretty
cool and I think it's gonna make us
stronger all of the dialogue at the end
of the year I am gonna do a handstand on
the target ball for : to end the night I
will see you guys tomorrow
