hey guys good morning I have been
reading all of your comments in today's
vlog and you guys have been loving
Barney
and you have been loving her family and
you all see that she should vlog I told
her she should blog too um so I'm gonna
go ahead and paint little Olivia's
fingernails colors pink okay what brand
is it we got to give them a little hall
hear that NYC huh yep we're gonna paint
her nails NYC nail polish yeah that'll
be so fun
Bonnie is making us brunch right now
we've got some eggs and spinach and
tomatoes and stuff cooking uh and we're
just gonna hang out the rest of the day
I just realized that Jackson has this
cute little sock monkey toy and then I
realized that his cousins have something
better they have a life-size big sock
monkey toy so look Jackson that's your
no sock monkey toys mama huh is that
funny or what is this creepy or cute the
mom and me thinks it's kind of cute
look how funny that is so it's like this
huge sock monkey love you eat at meat
that's cool that's we are going on a
walk right now and I am all bandaged up
I've got my Hello Kitty
band-aid to help me feel a lot better so
thanks Olivia for the band-aid I feel so
much better already because of it can I
just tell you how awesome these little
carriers are those ergo baby things are
really really cool don't you think le
trick stop moving your head oh and give
it as Vicki there we go yes they are
cool we're just going on a walk because
it's a gorgeous day having a lot of fun
with the kids but you look so cool on
your new bike like a motorcycle looking
like a dirt bike
that's what it looks like I'm gonna get
you I'm gonna get you you're so fast oh
you're so fast Olivia le le don't pass
out
does that ribs hurt does that remind you
of any movie dodgeball I'll show you no
no you're not my le
yes good job give me some of your tots
Napoleon when I was a kid at our school
playground they didn't really have
plastic toys they were all wood and
metal so if it was hot you got burnt so
fast and then you go on to the non metal
parts you play on the wood and you get
slivers everywhere and all of these
plastic things I think they're a little
bit better than metal but they still get
pretty hot you'll burn your bum you'll
burn your bum I've got the baby I got to
keep him safe but these two hooligans
three well hooligans it's why it's hot
code
watch out Cody this is gonna be unique
Wow my hand trying to balance myself I
know in my buns are literally on fire
ha ha ha
tetherball round one rules no bottle
caps no string throws you got it you're
on like Donkey Kong I'm just gonna say
that we are really competitive in this
family go Bonnie first-serve yeah you're
really good Bonnie if you guys don't
want no Bonnie's personality or
something area she's kind of all talk
she's all talk yeah thoughts about what
you are cuckoo don't you nicer the balls
crazy where are we going
Olivia checks Clark are you doing okay
you do know paychecks guys you want to
know what I used to be able to do a few
but I certainly before my ribs yeah I
used to be able to hold my cell there
yeah pole dance and
I used to be able to hold myself out
like a black mole oh I believe that
especially pole-vaulting like that
trying lots of things if you're hurt I
know right I don't know it's like a star
you got to tell these things I know well
know what I once was
yeah no I can't I can't you once were a
man until you broke your ribs now I'm
old I'm getting gray hair my ribs are
broken
our Pat's heads are falling off Jackson
excuse me I have never seen this before
what in the world is that oh it's a
spinny thing that spins you guys just in
case you didn't know it's Benny thing
that spins you feel the rhythm feel the
rhyme do you need a push I think if you
came whoo you guys are going now hold on
Olivia you're doing so great all right
we don't know how to do this hold on I'm
coming hold on I'm coming I gotcha I
gotcha you are so strong buddy you're
holding on to them for like 20 seconds
you're so strong ready okay
hop on you got a jump on the count of
three one two note 1 2 3 jump
okay I'm okay okay we've got everyone
and we're walking back
Jackson is about to go down his very
first slide
be so careful mom hmm good job he's like
okay what was that all about
no he's fine there's a sudden
deceleration we're sorry a sudden
acceleration acceleration I was thinking
like D incline what's the opposite of
incline there was a sudden decline
that's what I'm looking for holy words
in my mouth
hey are you guys buddies yeah yeah your
buddies well guys we finally made it
home after the long long drive from
Bonnie and roll's house and Jackson is
getting ready for bed he's flying into
bed we are playing railing at right
before bed we're gonna rile him up right
before he goes to bed so he can sleep
really good that's how it works right
Jackson's usually not awake when we end
our vlogs I think he should do it here
you're exactly right Ellie Jackson
should do the handstand
hey Jax have you got a prep we got it
got prep you beam in the air guide you
fret you ready
God your handstand wine thank you
