Oh sighs I see my babies hi mommy
how are you
good morning guys I am hitting two birds
with one stone today I came over to
Bonnie's house and we just shot a
eyebrow tutorial for you all to testify
to touch a saw and a bottle uh we've
been juggling babies while we fight you
know we're like right go to sleep
here's some food so the boys are going
to go four-wheeling and now we are gonna
play with our babies and we're going to
clean up our mess we are just finishing
up lunch and the boys are still for
willing so we are just playing in the
sand castle ah and you have a bug in
your hand yeah kind of cute Oh kind of
cute I got you and look look any cry huh
yeah he's crawling on you I like potato
bugs
yeah I got our babycakes doing good he's
kind of been on me I never heard kind of
that's a lie I'm Jackson's asleep so
we're just playing in the sand castle
dipping our toes in the cold sand and
the hot hot day for burying our feet
come on we gotta bury mom's now Cody are
you gonna help
no he looks let's bury your let's bury
your hands Cody put your hands down
there so I'll put your hands down will
bury your hands yeah okay hey no I'm
gonna ruin my freshly manicure that's
what kids are for to ruin your manicure
kay Olivia get your art are we Barry
maybe you don't want to stand on your
head are you an animal
we're going into the dungeon Jackson
just woke up from his nap and Aunt
Bonnie's playing with him and I have had
some really bad postpartum hair going on
and what I've even pointed out that I
was going bald excuse me honey it was
worth it to go a little bald because I
got a baby out of it but seriously I've
had some really bad postpartum hair
going on
so Bonnie's gonna do my hair for me
we're gonna attempt to take I don't know
what we're gonna do we're there to chop
ashore where do spiky or no we're just
gonna trim it and we're gonna put
Jackson in a little bouncer in the
dungeon but Bonnie won't let me film in
there cuz it was really bad
it's like but one part of my house that
I don't take care of all right sue me
it's okay we all have that one room
don't we turn the video off no seriously
she's like no seriously chop it's not
like that it's just rear wallpaper oh I
am going to hurt ya I thought it's not
funny
you're an idiot oh I'm so rude we don't
talk like that you know what if any of
you want to know where I got my
wallpaper I'm not gonna tell you oh hey
or the matching curtains on top I'm not
gonna tell you so you'll just have to
live without him sorry you will have to
not have your house styled and okay I
gotta go she's hinting at me I already
feel like a million bucks I've got an
inch and a half cut off the bottom of my
hair and I
have not added any layers of my hair and
probably like four years because I've
been growing my hair out since right
after I got married so I'm adding just a
light layer in and I already feel great
Thank You Bonnie
and you can hardly call it a layer this
is what some people have a hard time
with when styling long people's hair
it's I would call it more movement we're
putting a movement in we're not like
layering and layering it up cuz I don't
want to thin out my hair you know yeah
hi Jackson yeah that's surrounded by
dirty clothes we'll cut that part out do
you guys remember when all my sisters
were expecting and slowly but surely you
guys are meeting all the little cousins
so Jackson and Boston they're the
farthest in age and Boston's a year old
and Jackson's now five months old and I
will say that Jackson's winning in the
hair department is as far as Boston
because Eve has a whole ton of hair and
you guys met her just the other day and
yep you're jealous you want that hair
join the party Oh cousin cousin time hey
what do you think Cody boy no nothing I
don't think anything this big guy wants
to eat Jackson he's not he is not too
far behind I know you're not small we're
getting up there
you liar what is wrong with your arm
Jerrod
yeah I fell you did not know I didn't I
didn't roll all the way it was really a
good story cute cousin
what are you doing Boston are you guys
get a cuddle and play are you gonna be
rough tough boys like your dad
yeah you boys look like crap hey we had
a good time okay this dirt is
awesomeness okay go to the store you
look great you Joel it's not because
because I'm at the tail end of the pack
so the person in the front is always
gonna be the clean it was spotless and
then the next two people get all the
dirt and dust so that's why we're dirty
well tell me the story okay so have time
yeah we were going up the hill I was
usually just in the middle because I
hadn't gone on the trail before so we
had Jake in front or so I thought and
then Joel behind me hmm and we switched
it up a little bit to where I thought
Joel was in front so we were going up
the hill and everything I was like man
Jules Jules really going fast so I'm
gonna go you know I'm going like really
fast and then there's this cliff not
really cliff it's a part where it goes
up real steep like that and then there's
you know so water wash out in the trail
yes like that and I was like okay well
I'll just I'll just split it and then
take my tires down and you know going
really quick trying to catch up to Joel
and I know still Tom no no no
so I gunned it and then I'm like oh crap
I'm I'm tipping so I'm gonna turn the
wheel and everything I don't turn quick
enough and then the whole machine just
like falls and I jump out and went about
my ribs into my arm oh I cut this up
pretty good but
um what's that it's pretty good good
yeah yeah for sure so so Jay came up
behind me and we got there for the
four-wheeler backup and Joel then came
up I was like what
Joel like what are you doing like I
thought you were right ahead he was
behind a year so I was inspired with the
head and every was like George you're
going so fast like what's going on oh
and I was like oh that's crazy but I was
actually more worried about Joel and I
was hurt because Joel was getting really
queasy old aside to the plan are you
serious yeah no my dad is wearing off on
- Joel yeah it was the depth of the cut
yeah it was pretty are you serious and I
was like Joel as long as there's no
phone I'm okay as long as you see my bow
never a bull yeah well these these dirty
boys are gonna go get cleaned up and
they're gonna take dinner as we're
hungry
yeah I thought momma you out to dinner
like this no other than that my car was
I'm totally fine so I'm really good so
is dad flora millar okay who's where you
want we're not gonna have to pay dad a
bunch of money for his formula we will
talk about that later just can't that's
not something we need to talk about
don't worry guys I'm okay
I live only a flesh wound I'll get
better nurse Ellie stitched it up we are
here at pizza pie cafe having unlimited
pizza on rumor true what do you think
Olivia it what was it what are you
eating
H where's our pizza
oh that's the good kindness before√∂
Cody bookend are you eating Oh dessert
yeah - that's the popular ones and I has
the dessert pizza and look at this guy
here he's just been chillin like a
villain apparently he's been really good
today yep so that's monster Boston
someone will die got them oh yeah he's
like the giant big red yeah we are gonna
end the vlog for the day we have some
wonderful family my wonderful sister
um her pet her sister-in-law her parents
let us come over to her house and we're
gonna have to and so yeah we got the
babes to sleep it's 8:30 we have a
babysitter they're all asleep the
babysitter's there we're gonna you don't
have to lie about the babysitter yeah we
don't have a babysitter ha ha ha no we
have a babysitter but but we are gonna
sit in the hot tub but we've got to end
the vlog for the night and so I think
whose turn is it to do the hand stick I
try a handstand oh you hurt yourself no
I told Jerry could because he totally I
was like example Oh Jared really his
ribs really her and his doubt she could
use stitches probably they looks really
good that's a good one
okay his cheeks pointing its balance and
I have a costly so that it's really
appropriate conceal see you tomorrow
make sure thumbs up the video especially
because Jared has a major road rash
going on and be sure to subscribe and we
will see you guys
in two RS video wait timeout real quick
today's the last day to get 15% off the
shirts good job
