good morning guys it is Sunday and I'm
so excited but I'm also kind of sad
because jared is going to work all day
today you were to be alone only no home
long day at work I'm so Scott no no baby
at work
you think I can do the monotony socks
with these with this tile I don't know
yeah you've done it before you're just
trying to show off now
I'm so sad you yeah usually Jared
doesn't work on Sundays but he has to
work like one Sunday a month and it
really stinks because we teach at our
church and now that means I have to
teach by myself which I always fail
it's never fun because the kids are like
our ages they're like 18 years old and
I'm just like I feel like there are yeah
and that's what I feel like they're not
but that's like in my brain I still feel
like I'm like 18 yeah I feel like I'm
like 12 I feel like I'm cool and hip
because like in my brain and in my mind
and in my head I feel like I'm 18 and
something like yeah we're totally
relatable with these kids and everything
but they're like oh Jared you're so old
you're 26 oh my gosh oh okay guys we are
all ready for church and I had just show
you what Jackson looks like today how
cute are you like how cute is that
little shirt on you this little plaid
shirt rolled up your little pants you're
stylin even with your a couple little
hairs done your four little hairs that
you have on the top of your head I love
that Jared and I live so close to
everywhere that we want to go every
Sunday when we go to church we usually
just walk and it's so fun because
Jackson loves going in the stroller so
just gives us another excuse to get out
of the house and go on the walk who else
take Sunday naps tell me who who takes
Sunday naps
we take Sunday naps we do we take Sunday
naps together yeah close your eyes close
your eyes close your eyes
look at this body look at this tush I
got a burrito here you are a huge
burrito I got him out of the tub and I
looked in the mirror and I was like he's
like this big boy now that I'm like
holding you're a huge burrito Jackson
and I took a way long now we took a
two-and-a-half hour nap and now it's
like time for bed time so I fed him
we're gonna take a bath we're gonna rub
you down lotion and then we're gonna put
you down for bed for the night and Jared
is still at work come on my little
burrito just gotta spin it up mmm
it's quarter to 10:00 and Jared is still
at work and I'm really sad and chairs
been sending me huh Jared's been sending
me pictures of himself and then he goes
kiss-kiss
I miss him come home Jared it's 11 p.m.
on the dot and Jared is walking in the
door wow what a long long day for you
today it's crazy I know my butt is
soaking wet
no it's hot outside and so I crack the
windows a little bit so what the car
isn't so hot at the end of the day but I
was there and I work late enough where
the sprinklers went off and I the window
is literally cracked like this much and
I get in the car and I'm like oh my gosh
the seat is soaking wet like it is
soaking wet and I'm like crap what am I
gonna do I have to sit on that to drive
home from work
luckily Jackson has like a little
blanket in the back so I set that down
let me see but I think my bus here I
can't see it the light yeah you can see
the marks ah yeah you're wet it's bad
enough that I worked like a freakin 12
hour a day now my buds with my lame um
guys I don't know how today's vlog
footage went I really didn't record much
Sundays we kind of try and keep it as
simple as we can I just really try and
focus on Jackson and being together as a
family
so I really didn't pick you guys up that
much today but a lot of you guys have
been asking are you gonna continue with
the daily vlogs we are this week we are
going to do another week of daily vlogs
and I think when it comes down to it we
love this all this footage and stuff
it's fun to share with others but when
it comes down to the nitty gritty like
this is for us for the future for our
kids to see like this is kind of in a
way like our family history in a way but
we really want to continue with the
daily vlogs but we're kind of thinking
maybe after this next week doing a
Monday through Friday schedule that way
I can still put a lot of effort into my
channel and that way we have some other
things that are in the works but yeah
we're trying to we're trying to think
that out so it's not set in stone but we
are doing another week of daily vlogs
thank you guys for the support means a
lot Jared it's too early to do a
handstand practicing it's too early we
still have to talk about 40,000 of you
40,000 high-kick 40,000 thank you guys
punch to the face thank you guys I
remember when we had 65 subscribers and
my excitement for that is the same as it
is for this like I I can't I can't wrap
my head around it I can't wrap my hand
Hey
I can't wrap my head around I cannot
wrap my head around that people like to
see us it's really cool like it's
special I should I chug this for 40,000
no why do you have dr. pepper your work
must have body is like wow that was an
exciting 40,000 celebration guys I have
something to tell you though okay so our
shirts and everything like that
oh yeah the light is shining on you
you're like a little spirit move over
here sit down get comfortable that's
what I can't oh yeah so I'll just sit
like this really comfortably like this
so our t-shirts and everything on the
links below there's only two days left
to get 15% off shirts like this is
exciting and mine the brows and
everything go to the website and check
it out and let me know what you think of
the designs I think they're pretty cool
especially for our first round check out
to get 15% off and that goes away on the
10th yeah but for 40,000 subscribers we
wanted to do something fun and then it
peeped up and like Jared's been working
like crazy so for 40,000 subscribers we
wanted to giveaway for t-shirts we have
four different designs Jared tell how it
works so we have a little app a link
down below that if you click it it's
gonna open up this thing from gleam
there's two ways of entering the contest
you can either tweet a tweet that will
be posted down below from the app or
submit a picture on Instagram those are
the two ways of entering so we know I
want you to do the Instagram one we are
the Instagram one's kind of funny
because we're gonna have you guys do a
handstand and you have to do it to enter
those are the only two ways of entering
you can either tweet or submit a picture
on Instagram but the link is down below
so make sure you do that it's from gleam
you'll see the website Killeen blah blah
blah blah blah free t-shirts so click
the link and then you'll either have
Twitter or Instagram to enter the
contest
yep and luck and you can win may the
force be with you may the 40 shirts be
with you yes so oh this this contest
starts as soon as this video is up this
contest is going and it's going through
Friday the 13th we got married on Friday
we did we got married on Friday the 13th
Friday the 13th at midnight is when the
contests end so only a week okay so you
got to get your entries in fast get your
hand stands up okay guys we will see you
tomorrow Jared I are going on a little
trip so keep your eye out okay get your
little Superman socks going you see the
cape line yeah you can
Jared won those from work these are my
superhero socks so for 40,000
subscribers my superhero socks are gonna
do the handstand
it's got to be a solid handstand okay
I'm watching goodbye
