good morning guys Jared and Jackson and
I are going to go meet up with one of
our friends that we met through YouTube
we're gonna go eat dinner at his house
tonight and so we've got to get ready
and we gotta do Jackson's hair I don't
do it all the time because he doesn't
really have much hair to work with as
you can see but he has this very unique
hairline look at it it's like this like
legit of a hairline but we got to do his
hair and Jackson really likes it when um
I wet his hair down you wanna see I try
and mist it so he gets used to it first
oh no he kind of likes a it just shocks
him let's do it one more time just a
little mist there we go there we go that
wasn't too bad
and then I comb it with my comb and then
I put a little bit of gel in it and then
I fix it it is that good
whoa his hair is all done now and look
I'm able to stand it up and do like a
little home fauxhawk do you like that
you're not mad that I sprayed you with
water are you are you mad at me
nope he's not he liked it thank you he
liked it so tonight when we go over to
Josh and Christina's house we asked me
to bring a dessert so I'm making a
dessert right now and I haven't put in
Jackson in his swing in a long time just
because I haven't really needed to aside
just hurried and put him in there and
his little legs like he'll kick and they
like go outside of the swing like look
how big he is in there when I first got
him he just was teeny and scrunched in
there you're huge he's like I'm just
gonna stare at you and make it awkward
for all of us silent treatment
hey you smile you smile there we go this
is one of my favorite cakes to make if
you guys know what this cake is called
you'll have to comment down below
because I'm not gonna say it but look
I've poked at the cake with a bunch of
holes and then I take sweetened
condensed milk and you pour over all the
holes so that goes into the cake then
you drizzle it with caramel and then you
take these Heath bars these Heath toffee
bars and you throw them on the ground
and the reason why you throw them on the
ground is because you have to get nice
and crumbly and then you put it over the
top and top it with whipped cream and it
is so good I hope that Josh is not
watching because he's like you just
threw the candy on the ground and now
I'm gonna eat it but it's in a wrapper
so don't worry fit seriously you have to
like throw it on the ground like several
times that way it'll like um crunch up
because I'm eating one right now and you
can see it's like too solid and I need
it like crumbly so let's pour this
sweetened condensed milk over the cake
Oh am I supposed to heat it up it's like
big Oh
that's sick anyway you're supposed to
put it over the cake and it'll fall into
those holes oh it's the best cake ever
and Josh who are gonna go see if you
guys don't know he's doing the shameless
or something like he's really he's
really big into working out right now so
I don't even know if he's gonna eat this
because I know he's been really good to
watch what he eats but I'm gonna eat it
I'm not on a diet I don't care so it's
definitely not a healthy but that's what
dessert is for the sweetened condensed
milk and the caramel is now on the cake
it's drizzled into the holes so I'm
gonna put it in the fridge I'm gonna get
it out and get a smother it with whipped
cream and then I'm gonna put the toffee
chips on top and then I will be dead
good then I will be done and good to go
hey guys huh look at this we got
something in the mail I wonder who it's
for I don't Ellie how much how much do
you love me is that all I just got that
thing for my thing on the wall oh that's
that's funny that's exactly where you
got it from I I have something in my
hand that I think belongs to you
you know what it is do you yes what is
that it's nice how did you know do you
have x-ray vision you can see what you
can see right through my clothes because
you have actually you're weird anyway
okay baby
I have this package I want you to see
you watch him okay you guys are either
gonna hate this I can picture people
hating hating this or really loving it I
would try it on and show you guys but we
really have to head out the door for
dinner so I'll just show you what it
looks like Jarrod hates it I don't hate
it
this
the look of his face when I opened it up
you're gonna love it you're gonna have
to love it that fast to see how it fits
me I'll keep it I can like I said I can
picture a ton of you hating it and
that's ok if you do I don't even know if
I love it yet until I try it on but she
wore an itsy-bitsy teeny-weeny yellow
polka-dot bikini that she wore for the
first time today huh it's a high-waisted
retro swimming suit their cute little
gold bows they're gold and you guys
should feel some material it seriously
feels like silk I'm not a fan of bikinis
I think they're cute on girls but I
don't love them I never wore them
growing up so I really don't feel
comfortable in them but I really like
this cuz I thought it's pretty modest
because it does go high-waisted um like
I said I don't know if you guys are
gonna love it maybe I'll try it on when
we get home if we have extra time and
extra footage to go but let's go eat
dinner we are here with Josh from dikes
dynasty check them out below we are
grilling some barbecued turkey so tell
tell me a little bit about the barbecue
turkey fest I grew up we I've never even
heard about barbecue turkey this is a
new thing to me and now I don't know if
that's weird or not you've got you guys
know I food and things like that are
weird to me like potatoes I'll tell you
about the potato thing about barbecue
turkeys tell me a little bit about that
okay so basically I grew up on a turkey
farm down in Sanpete County and this is
one of our specialties if you guys want
to check it out go to nor best calm
and that's not an official plug but but
I do love it I grew up with it so
basically it's just a cut of the turkey
breast and they just come into just a
typical state size and then what we do
is we just marinate this in soy sauce
teriyaki sauce 7up or sprite with a
little bit of cooking oil and and then
we just let it sit for a day and let it
marinate and then we just throw it on
the grill and enjoy cook it up you know
you should do next time we should try
meriting marinating it in dr. pepper to
see if that makes any difference
probably make it taste really good you
like doctor I love dr. pepper and my
heart is not thanking me for that but
that's why we're friends oh yes I love
dr. pepper I it's 90 percent of my blood
right now so let's look throw in a nylon
there's on you hey let's get this going
Josh was telling me on the turkey part
they had over 90 thousand turkeys crazy
I'm trying to just picture 90 thousand
turkeys just all over the place I can't
even picture gosh we got babies crying
Jared's covered in blood Josh what did
you do we don't want to come over for
dinner if you're not gonna I guess
everything just blue I'm putting some
turkey steaks on the grill and my
one-year-old son was stand right there
and I'm like that's not good I dam like
I don't want you standing here so I grab
the turkey steaks but he falls into it
and knocks it literally over right here
the baby's okay the blood is gone Jared
thank you guys in the same size go in
his closet I've got a pair of short it's
not good though it doesn't smell good
huh I'm just watching Jared outside play
with the kids
I think he can't wait and tell Jackson's
old enough to roughhouse
we're gonna try and end the vlog here we
have had an awesome night with Josh and
Christina they have been such amazing
hosts had such good food it was all over
my arm but that's okay we had some some
yams or sweet potatoes and there were a
little crispy so good
and we had lots of fun with their kids
too so kids we have every time we end a
video we do a handstand can you guys do
handstands do you want to try let's try
it try it real quick how about this how
about this if I do it will you do it
your mom's gonna do it real quick I
totally forgot Ellie made this really
really good cake did you show that okay
that cake right there was delicious it
was better than it was not oh my gosh
now I'm not trying to make a comparison
here guys holy cow I wanna see that show
your current role oh you're back rub go
ahead whoo he is doing it he's all about
that William is all about that here we
go here we go
yeah I got long legs I've seen you guys
you guys are really good
No jump off the ground nothing stands up
he's like where's my claps what you I
want to I've never tried you know I've
never tried anything ever you've never
done a hit I you can't say that I'm
never in your entire life have you ever
tried a handstand never okay there's a
first for everything later
that was good go a little bit higher go
a little bit higher there you go there
you go that was good no that was awesome
for your first handstand there you go
that was good
there you go
Jarrod's gonna end it off now thank you
all for watching the video tonight
thank you to Josh and Christina if you
guys haven't seen their channel have to
listen down below cuz they're awesome
and their kids are adorable but but we I
did tell them today I was like guys
don't get offended but I need less of
Josh and more Christina and more of the
kids and they're never inviting us over
for dinner again
okay end it off here we go
see you tomorrow
send us off le
