ha Jerry just got home
blue from a work meeting I come with
glad tidings yay I brought his breakfast
in bed yeah I'm up breakfast in bed
I'm exhausted I had my early morning
meeting today and then I have to go back
to work a little bit later all day long
but I brought you some awesome breakfast
in french toast alright right now ok see
ya yummy yummy and it's a syrup this is
not a dream oh you've got to drink that
up ok oh the syrup is like nectar from
heaven I guess
okay little man we are going to put your
little crib liner on I hope you're
excited are you guys ready for a
time-lapse I have no idea how this is
going to work we have that there and
this here Ellie and I were looking at it
and we're just like um where are the
instructions and Ellie tell me what you
did with the instructions I threw it
away
it's just what credit bumper you just
have to put on the crib I know you just
have to put it on there's always Arlen
yes stuff yeah ruin every now that I
throw stuff away we'll figure it out
we'll get it taken care of and we're
gonna go in a time lapse mode so takes
you seconds even time I think you
underestimate the difficulty of these
cribs look like you do this this is
pretty cool with the new what did they
call them the fitted sheet right what
with a little dress okay okay this all
on your marks get set time lapse
well I think we did it I think it looks
pretty good I like it a lot yeah I think
it's hot you are nice I cure the
giraffes and then look there's a giraffe
look there's a bluefin there's a blue FL
oh my gosh it was meant to be perfect
timing
to take a nap so I will give you this to
see how you like your new place and
here's your monkey he is rolling more
like automatic like it's not a monkey
monkey on a monkey say goodnight well
now I know how to get rid of a Salesman
a Salesman just came to our door and
they're like is your mom home and I was
like nope nope she is not home
my boys are asleep and I'm gonna go to
the pool jacks and Jarrod's gonna go to
work so let's take a peek on
well you look like you guys are going to
have some fun so are you dad what are
you guys doing we're just gonna go chill
the pool four cup flour Oh fun we'll see
how it goes we're just gonna go along
the lazy river oh just for the lioness
and have some fun and I'm gonna go make
a pretty penny at least that's the goal
of the day another dollar oh my goodness
where are your pants on the boy I love
boy whoa whoa boy
you guys have some fun I'm gonna go to
work and then Ellie maybe when you're
done at the pool you can pick me up from
work and then we can come home and have
a really enjoyable night together oh I
think we can do that we should have an
enjoyable night together maybe we can
engage in some really great conversation
and maybe we can partake of some
delicious food together and have a
really good evening how does that sound
Ellie belly good so good okay hey we
found some shade now we just need to go
get two for Jackson we got to put your
cool choo-choo-choo-choo there you go
you like those yeah this could swim
you
well that was a lot of fun if we went
around the lazy river probably like a
hundred times and so now we're just
gonna take a nap and sunbathe and Jack
it's gonna play with some toys this is
the light this is to fine ah yes it is
oh this is so fun I glad we came to the
pool today
perfect day perfect day to sunbathe so
I'm just getting ready to make dinner
for the night and I have to show you
something this is the biggest green
pepper that I have ever seen
look how big this green pepper is you
know how big Jackson's head is come on
we all know Jackson has a big head look
at that the bell pepper is as big as
your head huh is that big I mean look at
Jackson's head and it's pretty big and
then look at this this is pretty big but
if you can't tell that this is that big
look at it next to Jackson's head whoa
Jackson that's huge
I'm proud of Jackson's big head that
means he's gonna be smart nah I just
can't even believe that
nope he doesn't like it oh it's no I'm
good can you smell it
hmm you can't smell it because you guys
are on the other end of the camera but
look I've got my me and my vegetables
going and then I just have to add a
little bit of ketchup some brown sugar a
little bit of mustard a little bit of
horse Shire sauce but this is soy sauce
isn't it the same thing is it the same
thing I can never tell the difference so
I've got soy sauce instead of Worchester
sauce warshall shop whoa I don't know
um and then I've got a little bit tomato
paste I'm making sloppy joes this is
gonna last Jared and I like several
several several days like we are gonna
be living off with sloppy joes I made em
extra because if I make one thing like a
big thing like this lasts forever
because it's just the two of us eating
uh-oh it's 8 o'clock jared is off work
right now I've got to go pick him up and
I'm officially done here it is there's
my sloppy joe y'all I know you like him
let me I think by the time I get back
it'll thicken up just a little bit ok
guys I just got home from work and
something crazy that happened while I
work today
I totally sliced my thumb on a cardboard
box how does that even happen I was like
grabbing the cardboard box and then I
pulled it back and all of a sudden I my
thumb was bleeding I was like what the
heck and someone on Twitter was like
Jared you should really stop using
Ellie's hand lotion your hands are way
too soft now Jared went into one of our
subscribers but it worked today we also
know them I used to work with his mom at
the salon so they've seen us do you too
for a long time nervous still he like
loves you I was at work and so I was
totally in like work mode and someone's
like hey Jared and I was like hey
buckaroo
what do I don't know you and he's like
oh hey I watch your videos I was like oh
I like that's so cool thank you so much
for stopping me is he that I think he's
my guys he was like 12 but no I know
gonna be sad if he's like my dad however
by anyway Carter you're awesome okay
well guys I think it's that time of
night again to end the vlog I had a fun
day soon we go Jackson
so it's so funny about Jackson I just
put him down for bed the instant I put
him on his back he rolls over now like
he does not want to be on his back he is
all about you know being on a side or
his belly so I'm not sure how that's
going to affect his sleeping patterns
but he is a roly-poly freakin bully I
know well I was cooking dinner he was on
this blank and I kept having to grab him
because he kept rolling over to the
piano rolling over to the piano I was
like Jackson hold still okay goodbye
guys I just noticed this guy's oh I just
noticed this Jared just got home from
work and saw what hmm I've got my
business sauce on if you know what I
mean you know what I mean okay it's
Wednesday and Wednesday is the night you
know the rest flight of the conchords
okay
Oh some way y'all bought a Bobby bottle
ah whoa that's a record that's not a
record that's just pretty that's good
solid though can I do it yeah cuz I'm
nice no can hands they only pay if you
want it so Jerry can't know don't know
why well okay thanks for watching guys
have a wonderful night and as Sam always
says peace
member
