well that hair tutorial I just did is
either going to turn out really good or
really bad but I'm going to put it up
anyway I was in the bathroom for like 40
minutes trying to figure out lighting
Jackson's awake it is in the afternoon
now I can hear him talking to himself
and Jarrod like Ellie the crib sheet is
so dirty you have to wash it
so I'll wash it today for you guys
what's up
what's that little dude it is that time
again where I have to pack up Jackson's
clothes and I'm so sad this is the
second time I've had to pack his clothes
away I've got all of his newborn clothes
and now I have all of his winter clothes
his three-month clothes and I'm really
sad like this little outfit one of you
guys sent me and it was so nice it was
this little burt's bees wax outfit and
it has little bumble bees on it and like
look how cute the butt is uh-huh why
don't you just stay small mom I gotta
grow up so I'm packing these up and
putting all those little clothes into
the bin away for another baby another
time another season ah what just what
else happened what else is in there oh
are you serious
did that happen is true and then I
sucked the burgers out of your nose tell
me what you think about that yeah you
tell him tell him or tell him the rest
of your story and then we'll go ah I
can't believe it I can't believe your
mom would suck the boogers out of your
nose that's so rude of her I'm so mean
oh ha ha ha ha
daddy's coming home huh are you excited
is he dead yeah one more - oh I think I
can hear the daddy's home
hi hi hi Jackson
he's eating my eyeball hey one of you
guys the other day in the comments Jer
and I are laughing really hard is Jared
hair going gray and someone wrote back
and said no he's not
I'm so sorry to say Jared's going gray
he's been going great for a while now
Oh Debbie would daddy comes home haha
yes no no I Phil Jackson gouge my eye
out a while ago that's another thing
about comments I put on Instagram if you
feel like did your eye cut out yes my
eye came out let me show you George gray
hair oh don't show that now because we
go short on the sides but can you see
all the gray hair Haley all of that it's
working it's working
Oh
databar take it of a boom boom boom boom
we will do anything to make our child
laugh seriously is there anything more
awesome than a baby's laugh I dare you
to find something that is cooler and
cuter than a baby's laugh Ellie you're
cute but not that cute that was the talk
about me I think Ellie's gorgeous you're
pretty cute too you though I was
thinking bum mm mm mm okay
you guys are gonna hate me but we just
got off the phone with I can't tell you
but I'm excited we have some exciting
news coming up maybe it's something is
still in the works something is in the
works but we're gonna keep you posted
about it what do you think Ellie what do
you think about all of it I don't want
to say it just yet it's a surprise the
foundation is there but the building is
not yet started building you are the one
person that everybody hates on YouTube
this is I have a secret but I can't tell
you how am I gonna get you guys to watch
the next video if I don't give you like
a little teaser video or the one after
that who knows when it's gonna be you'll
just have to keep watching to find out
oh my gosh Jackson Jackson ah
Jackson kick that bin kiaa so I can see
your smile what do you want to do for
the rest of the night you know we should
do we should go get a snow cone run go
get a snow cone yeah do you yeah Tigers
blood Tigers blood winning oh I have
another throwback Thursday free but
you're gonna have to wait till next
throwback Thursday because I don't want
to say it yet it's a secret you gotta
help you guys are gonna have to wait you
guys hate us already I can tell let's go
get a snow cone do you want a snow cone
Jackson do you want to get your own that
you can eat with your mouth
you can still be an adult with the kid
and still dig into your jars for
quarters to go get a snow cone for from
the gas station right yeah of course
I'm just put my pants I'm like we have
to find quarters and I have a bunch of
quarters in this little in this little
mason jar so I'm getting quarters so
that we can go to the snow shack and get
a snow cone but I want a corn dogs so
we're gonna go grab a corn dog been
talking all day he's been talking all
day you talked to them a lot earlier I
see a baby
hello my little baby hi hi Jackson you
and your stroller and I got my quarters
cuz I'm gonna go get a corn dog my
little kid you're in love with James but
it's okay you're a cute little kid yeah
nothing like dinner at a gas station mmm
healthy so he'll at least you got water
yep you would like one small yeah just
fine and if we do like a snow cap
yum-yum-yum we got our snow cone you
like the groom on it yeah but like it's
so good they kind of do it kind of weird
though they have it it's not like a full
it's not like cream that it's like all
over I thought they did just like lines
you know like over the top but guess
this is a little bit different it's
tough you like weird stuff you don't
like mayonnaise I like mayonnaise really
don't like mustard okay are you choking
huh you don't like mustard and you like
weird stuff on your snow cone you're
weird I would not say that a snow cap is
weird I would say that potatoes and
mustard I would say that is weird
oh my gosh look at all those ants
there's so many of them there's
literally let me count real quick
hundreds of thousands and their little
crawling little guys over here over
there Ellie can you believe all those
ants summer I hate it look at all those
little guys I mean they're all over here
oh my gosh
one two Ellie there's no way I can count
all those there's just way too many
there's too many there's a way to your
tongue good he has mine we just have to
sneak in but you guys are picking with
that you're barking okay everyone time
to say good night to Jackson
say good night Jackson already guys I
think we're going to end the vlog right
here I'm gonna let you try that one more
time
rewind Ellie you gotta act like you're
rewinding are you little bit are you
doing really good try it again
Oh
ah that was good we're gonna be super
strong by the time we head do these by
the time we're done doing these daily
blogs I hope you had a wonderful day
make sure to thumbs up the video so that
we know that you liked it and we will
see you guys in the next video Oh Ellie
was gonna do something so I should
probably put the camera we'll see
you guys tomorrow
yay good job
