oh hey guys you know me I'm just making
my husband lunch for work later this
afternoon and I think he wants that much
ranch on his sandwich that's a lot
oh hey guys hey so Ellie had this really
awesome idea about throwback Thursday
not just like for pictures on Instagram
and everything but actually going back
in our history and telling you guys
about something about us that you guys
could learn a little bit more so I
thought that was a really cool idea and
so we're sitting here trying to think
about what we can say for hours
throwback Thursday today is actually
Wednesday but you'll see this on
Thursday hence the throwback Thursday
and I wanted you guys to be able to get
to know us a little bit better and to
get to know like our background and like
how we were raised and what we did
together but today instead of doing like
a throwback Thursday story of me and
Jared I kind of wanted to share with you
guys something that I've always loved
growing up it's something that I want
when I eventually have my own house and
stuff my mom was a farmer she grew up on
the farm wait don't I'm not in this
throwback well you can have your own
throwback Thursday but fine I'll do my
own throwback Udyr
it's gonna be way cooler than yours but
Oh your mom is a farmer too though yeah
yeah both of our moms are farmers and I
always have this like fascination or
this love for animals I love cows I love
sheep I love chickens out dogs cats um
but when our family dog passed away a
few years later not very much longer I
can't remember the difference was
between that but my mom and dad came
home one day and I thought they were
grocery shopping at like Costco they had
like these big boxes that they are
bringing in well they were bringing
stuff in from the car and I was like
what did you guys get and I pushed a box
in the Box tipped over
I could hear Jim Jim Jim Jim keeps his
little trippin little Chiclets and they
were in the box and I was so shocked I
was like oh you got chickens and
remember my hair was in a ponytail I
remember it was a Wednesday because I
had piano lessons that night I was
wearing a red t-shirt and my parents had
come home with a box full of chickens
for me to raise and I raised those
chickens for several years and my dad
and all my brother and brother-in-law's
built me a chicken coop and it was like
my thing like they were my chickens and
I raised them and I loved them and I
will have chickens when we have a house
and I collected their eggs and I sold
their eggs to the neighbors I'd walked
over to the neighbors and give the
neighbors eggs and they'd give me like a
dollar to this really fun
so as my throwback Thursday that's cool
hey : you'll never guess where we are
ha ha you'll never guess you won't ever
guess charging gay : : Katie they
actually just announced the baby name
too so links below to that and check it
out check it out
target ball hurtling hmm she see that
and jump right over that part instead
yeah that would have been bad
embarrassing you guys know what I mean
is the ultimate test does Jackson want
to play football or does he want to play
baseball
so why not both why not both we're at
Target I am trying to find some sort of
mesh crib bumper for Jackson because his
legs keep getting stuck in the railing
and last night he had rolled over and
then his legs got stuck and he was
screaming and he was really upset so I
really need to get something and the
only animals he has that he plays with
the home are like the big stuffed
animals he has no little toys to grab on
to so I don't know what I'm doing reach
for it you can get it grab it I'll help
you it's so funny because when we're
just driving in the car he'll ring and
he'll grab it and I love I love that he
can finally grab it there you go
he hasn't now so proud so proud are you
trying to do a hurdle okay Ellie hurdle
over the bow like good job that was a
that was close
shut it one more time oh that's good
good you saw it good what do I do when
jared is at work I film other videos I
just found a video of a target haul that
I just did and I used on your camera
alright DSLR so far I'm getting the hang
of it I know that the quality could be
better I'm still working on it but I
just filmed a target haul for my channel
and I'll give you I will tell you one of
the things I got in the target haul I
did get the breathable mesh crib liner
because Jackson's feed they can't get
out of the crib and then he gets mad he
should be asleep
he's starting to fall asleep and can you
see look his Peter outside his feet are
outside of the crib okay
I'll give you your pinky there you go
okay now I have to edit the video so I
can't you guys can't stay I'm sorry I'm
sorry you guys can't stay while I edit
the video it's going to be too boring
it's going to be too long I only have
about an hour to have to do it because
that's probably how long he will sleep
give me an air high-five
air high-five come on air high-five if
not just give it a thumbs up because
guess what Jackson is still asleep and I
finished editing the vlog all before he
woke up I feel so proud of myself
because that usually doesn't happen well
don't I just have the sleepiest baby in
the world
I put Jackson down to bed at 1:15 and he
probably fell asleep around like 1:30
because he kept rolling around it is now
almost 4:30 and I edited a video and I
really haven't done much sense so I
should proper there we go she could hear
me there you go
hi sweetie bye hey Amy she sleeps a line
why do you sleep so much hi come here
you are a good roller now did you see
how fast he did that huh good job I love
this guys so far I've really been liking
the daily vlogs and everybody has been
so supportive of it did you just fart
huh did you just fart G Ike see you
little boy it's ok probably get more
from your mama than your dad sadly but I
really like doing these daily vlogs so
far I'm really liking it dad is still at
work and it is time for bed so it looks
like Jerez not gonna be able to see
Jackson awake for the rest of the day
can you give dad a kiss goodnight step
when he edits you can see you give him a
kiss go Lucas oh that was a good one
this is the earliest that jared has come
home and
month it is 8:30 and he is on his way
home I've got some dinner cooking and
I'm excited to see my husband dad's home
welcome Ellie I have got to show you
something that you are gonna love you
are gonna go crazy oh looks like you got
more than I bargained for I got a few
things in here are you ready for this
yeah huh they have them oh it's upside
down oh those look good ahh
doesn't really believe that yes did you
get this
these are Chips Ahoy with Oreo cream
filling he's got a little mirror
I got a mirror cuz I either Jackson easy
when I can't see what's going on when
he's like hey I'm like Ellie he's
choking you got to do something and I
was like Jared he's fine
Jared's like the worrywart I'm like like
we'll be in the middle the nyan journal
hearing noises I go check on I'm like
he's fine
but and he totally is but I'm just like
a nice better safe we're sorry yeah
exactly
oh that looks yummy and then I got I
love more eggs
guys I love Oreos definitely I just I'm
a pig too I should wheel rim and I love
them and I love them
why got dinner for us and of course I
mean yeah you gotta get bread you gotta
get bread so I got bread I got to wrap
don't tell Ellie but I just snuck in and
I said good night to Jackson little turd
I'm sorry I care I finally got home at a
decent time so I wanted a peek in
because Ellie just put him to bed so he
was still awake so I just wanted to peek
in and give him a kiss it's super rare
that I get to be home when Jackson
before Jackson goes to bed so I really
really like to go in and say goodnight
to him
I'm going to be that kind of mom that if
family members come over and it's like 9
o'clock and they haven't seen Jackson
you'd be like let's go get him out of it
like come on it's ok I don't care you
just go home from work let's have some
flexibility here guys
but who likes their baked potatoes
branch on it Jared loves it and I do too
to be honest that's actually like the
only way I can eat baked potatoes here's
a throwback Thursday for you ah yeah
hell I have it this is the perfect
opportunity Hey okay story time let's go
onto couch ah
so when I was a kid I hated baked
potatoes any kind of potatoes for that
matter except french fries because those
are just like candy and I remember there
was a time when I was a little kid
probably like eight years old my grandpa
you know he grew up in the depression
you can't waste food he saw that I
didn't eat my potatoes for dinner and he
made me eat them and I forced them down
and I threw up so bad afterwards because
I could just not I couldn't stand the
taste of potato the schaeffler texture
book yes everything so I lived in
Finland for a couple years
and one of their staple foods are
potatoes so you would eat potatoes all
the time so I had to learn to like them
and so I would eat potatoes all the time
and I grew to like potatoes with a lot
of ranch it's not the healthy healthiest
thing but boy a good baked potato with
the ranch on it I'll eat that now but
there's your throwback Thursday for me I
hated mashed baked potatoes yeah but now
they're okay now I can eat them good cuz
they're cheap cheap easy hey guys I
think we've got to say goodbye I think
we've gone on long enough
this is our hands down for the night I
don't really do very good yesterday so
so do a good one for us here Sam stand
more forward like this yep
nice good form good form oh and you're
going to the kitchen are you going to
the bathroom while you're at it say come
on goodbye see you tomorrow
