okay I think we finally got our stuff
packed up today we've got our backpacks
our shoes we've got our baby you're
playing BOP it that's how I roll oh are
you play above it yeah we are going to
go check out what is called bridal veil
falls here in Utah
Jerrod and I went last summer I don't
really know if there's like an actual
hiker if you just go and look at the
waterfall last year we just walked
around so we're gonna do the same thing
this year we're gonna eat lunch but my
mom I have not seen my mom for like a
month and I haven't even really talked
to her in like a month I've texted her a
few times her and her sisters went down
to New Mexico I believe where my aunt is
my aunt has been very sick and so my mom
left for them up to go take care of her
and did get her back up and going and so
my mom's coming back through town to go
home she's stopping at my sister's house
and I think we're gonna go eat lunch and
see the family so you guys can come
along for the ride but better let's go
slam dunk
they were just smiling at each other I
know what's going on they're like oh now
we're enemies yeah that's the thing
that's the hardest part about this it's
like every time we get the camera out
Jax is like and it was just like stare I
don't like something we're holding and
he just like stares up these IVA jacks
are the closest in age
a little cousins and help me these nine
months no she turned my limits history
and they justify it
he's almost five is a chunker can yeah
are these nine months and five months
he's got some meat on it but Jackson is
definitely lacking in the hair
department and son I am disappoint okay
you've got it you've got some room to
grow though squeeze your they want him
to stroke they want him to throw them in
the air okay you got a very nice one to
do a charity here's what's wrong you're
good you look good
ah Jared you have done sucks you keep
walking don't spit your gum out people I
stepped in gum guys I feel like I'm a
utility man I've got the baby I've got
the goodies in the back I'm just
carrying all this cargo and like I feel
like there's nothing on me
I feel weightless like I'm so strong so
we're gonna hike up
Bridal Veil Falls and see what that has
to offer it's a really cool waterfall
that's in here in Provo Canyon and I
just can't get over this I feel like
this is beauty at its finest it's
gorgeous up here and it's not a cloud of
sky oh and there's some there's some
pretty pretty good-looking stuff right
there too but no I mean look at it
all of these rock formations and
everything tell me in the comments below
do you say mountain or do you say
mountain that's something that I'm from
Washington and when I first moved here
people would say a mountain and I'm like
don't you mean none mountain but now
that I'm here I say Mountain it's pretty
crazy when how you change your language
based on where you're living
okay okay precious cargo let's go hike
this hey Ellie
we're in this secluded grove of trees do
you want to make out are you really
saying that you want to know what I
think Jackson looks like so John you're
going too fast he looks like a spotted
bug this squat on Jude
come on somebody is you dogs must be on
leash at all times
Jarrod I need a leash for you we're here
that really wasn't a bad hike it was
like 10 minutes maybe it wasn't not at
all but we are here there's another hike
around where my hometown is like an hour
away
it's called waterfall Canyon Jarrod's
never been there and I want to go to
that one
not no more rhyming and I mean it
anybody want arena we finally made it
it was really easy Wow check out this
view right there
I think that's really cool yeah they get
like two benefits out of it the freeway
for like the tiny little bar that I'm
talking about right up there there's a
rainbow there's a rainbow in the water I
gotta go look for the gold oh my gosh
it's almost a double rainbow all the way
across the sky you're crazy
Ellie where's your phone where's your
phone okay good that you're fine
whew that was a close one guys
why
guys my wife is crazy right there I
would totally have joined you had I not
had a baby and you know my phone and
camera there oh yeah I think it looks
awesome I hope you're okay with walking
home I'm just kidding guys
no it's pretty cool to look back on
where you just were hiking and it's just
right
Thanks telephone pole you're right the
way of my shock hold on please
hold plays temporary hold well I get a
better angle that side I'll back all
right there
we're all the way freshest hair
someone's practicing their ham stands
for the end of the log I used to be
really good and you know it was really
good
me my dad used to walk up the stairs on
his hands so next time I'm with my
family I'm gonna make my dad say goodbye
for the vlog he's gonna walk on his
hands do you think he can still do that
um maybe not the stairs but he can do it
pretty much I could do it up the stairs
Oh challenge accepted
challenge accepted Ellie next time we're
at a place where we have stairs we'll do
it okay thank you guys for watching that
was my handstand for the night
we'll see you guys tomorrow wait real
quick I wanted to make a quick
clarification on the merchandise on the
on the shirts yeah we feel really stupid
about the title yesterday because that
was the code to use
yeah they changed it well no that was
the code like from the last week the
week going forward it's it's the the one
that I have below but it's actually
discounted on shirts only so most
everything will get a discount on the on
the shop but some of them yeah the bib
and teddy bear probably won't but all of
the shirts will get a discount if you
use the coupon code below I did not mean
Turan throughout I'm sorry as you were
saying it's okay you're not doing it
you're not no you're not doing a
handstand it was me tonight you can do
it tomorrow I'm not even a film it no
I'll watch you I'm not gonna film it
nope you can do it tomorrow thank you
guys so much for watching and thumbs up
do we did some really fun go for go fo
we did some really fun GoPro footage for
the day so thumbs up for that we'll see
you guys tomorrow have a wonderful day
goodbye not filming you and you just
felt so you should really feel stupid
driving - I'm driving touch here so I
can pull myself up but I'm good form
guys okay good bye guys
