good morning guys I woke up this morning
and thought I can't get anything done
because I'm out a baby formula I'm out
of laundry detergent and bacon
hey guys I am at Costco as you know
getting bacon and look who this pretty
girl just ran into what is your name
Avenue hopefully Navin II and she just
came up to me and said are you Ellie for
Ellie and Jared and I was like yes I was
like I haven't brushed my teeth yeah
and so I guess I answered one of her
questions about the face washing idea so
what was your question that you and I
just wondered where you got it I said in
the video I was just making sure okay
well I'm glad that I answered you and
I'm glad that you softened said hi
see you later well that was fun to run
into her I was really nervous so my
words were jumbled up a lot so I said
all of this it's nice to meet this view
but I think I called myself a beauty I
don't know but she was beautiful and it
was nice to meet her if that made any
sense I was really nervous and she was
so cute she was nervous too her hands
were shaking so it's off to get baby
formula now okay Jackson I'm gonna try
another shake this morning but this time
I will not forget the banana okay Ram to
the banana makes the shake that much
better okay guys I am totally nerding
out right now I'm watching the Worldwide
Developers Conference but I've got a
hurry I've got to do a couple things
I've got to put Jackson to bed because
with my job right now I probably won't
see him for the rest of the day so I'm
gonna put him to bed and well so I have
to do I have to go to work I have to go
to work so I'm gonna put him to bed real
quick and I've got to run to work so I'm
really excited to see what they have
going on here but it's gonna have to
wait because my son comes first did you
roll over you rolled over bud you know
the over again you're so silly he has
been doing it like crazy I woke up this
morning and came to get him out of bed
and he was on his belly it was so crazy
this kid is growing up way too fast okay
let's put him down to bed a couple
things real quick guys day two we are on
day two of our daily do it so far so
good we did day one and we're okay we're
still here we're still alive we were
only up until 2:00 in the morning that's
it that's it I've totally redesigned
the intro the end slate the music and
all of that stuff so please let me know
your thoughts about that below tell me
what you guys think about that
yeah music is something that we can
change that's really really easy we want
something a little bit catch here I
think for the end slate know for the
intro as well - yeah
and so like not too yeah not too much on
the in slate but but let me know what
you guys think about that below Ellie I
have to go to work get ready hmm because
awkwardly in front of the camera what
are you talking about
always pay for like Ella you always do
you think I make a funny face because I
don't like is he confronted thousands of
people I do what am I gonna do with this
kid guys he is on his belly and he
unravels out of the blanket that I
wrapped him in Jackson is his Maya
Jackson oh you yes
Oh silly boy you're you roll over all
the time now you do that
Jackson has slept a few times on his
belly but I have always been in the same
room with him
just because if he's falling asleep on
his belly I'll just stay there and kind
of keep an eye on him but ever since
yesterday now that he's rolling over
this morning we woke up he was on his
belly and now for your second nap you
were on your belly I guess it's not a
big deal because he knows what he's
doing but it's just weird to come in and
be like oh you rolled over crazy boy you
were such a big boy well guys this
little boy is due for one last nap for
the day and I decided that instead of
wrapping him in a blanket like I have
then because he is starting to be a
little bit more mobile just until he
gets just a little bit older for so I
can feel a little bit better about
blankets being in the crib around him I
always put him to sleep in this little
like sleep sack thing so like he's able
to
his feet in but it will at least keep
him warm and I usually put that in him
at nighttime and then during the day I
just wrap him in a little blanket but
because he's being a more mobile I think
I'll just leave in him for all of his
naps and bedtime does that work am I
gonna come find you on your belly again
yep yep and he rolled again he's on his
belly again hi little guy
Jackson hi you looking at you cool
pillow and your kick in kick in your I
probably should get a bumper now he's
hitting his head and getting his feet
out
Jackson buddy rat rat rat ha ha you
should I clean your mattress - oh you
guys spit up all over it hey guys it is
that bad don't hide from me it is that
time of year where it is a bachelorette
season and I always get together with my
friends and we've got some pizza here
and we've got some brownies and I'm
wondering if you guys watch The
Bachelorette and second who do you guys
want to win or who is runner-up so far I
like the doctor but she sent him home
the very first night so now I don't have
anyone that I like do you guys have
anyone that you like so far JJ do you
have anyone no okay so far no one likes
anyone yet okay so I get home from work
there are two girls in my house and I'm
like two other girls two other girls in
my house I'm like what the heck is all
that all about
but then I walk in the kitchen and I see
boom boom BAM I'm like I think I can get
used to this you guys can come over
whenever you want okay really get fair
yeah I won't answer that question so
that's why new guys came over and watch
The Bachelorette it was good yeah yeah
come on baby oh wait
we know who we like now we all like the
farmer guy I don't know his name is the
farmer farmer guy yes all the girls here
from Utah so they like the farmer we
don't know his name you don't know
anyone's names yes cool
there's your Bachelorette update for the
week tune in next time where Chris
Harrison I think I could do Chris
Harrison's job honestly I think I'd be
really good so The Bachelor if you guys
are looking for like new hosts just let
me know and I'll do a good job okay
guys this is exciting what it's like
you're tired or something but this is
exciting we have a clothing shop we have
a clothing shop can you believe it guys
we finally have a bunch of really cool
clothes that we have on our little
website right here it's called yeah
Meachem merch you can see right here
we've got some women's clothes if you
scroll down we've got some men's clothes
and then I actually think this is the
coolest part we've got some baby clothes
right here too can you believe that
that's a jelly bear right there that is
a jelly bear okay guys I don't think you
realize this that is a jelly bear Sharon
le bear for baby Jackson or your baby a
jelly bear jelly bear and then we got a
bid there too so I want you guys to
check it out it's Ellie and Jared
Spreadshirt calm I'm gonna have the
links below let me know what you guys
think but we want your feedback and I
think that from now until a week from
now all the merchandise is like 15% off
yeah
we're hooking you guys up with 15% off
as an introductory thing you just need
to use the code who's your daddy and
I'll have it right down below there yeah
mm-hmm I'm
can you guys up with 15% off if you guys
use the code who's your daddy
so go to the shop right now and pick
something that you like get something
for Dad because it's Father's Day
and that's pretty much it that's the
vlog for the day I haven't really done
much a lot in the blog all days yeah
I've been working hard that's just what
we do that's how we roll guys that's how
we roll thanks for watching guys and if
you guys haven't already Ellie has her
channel she's gonna have a video up
today as well to check that below I'm
gonna have all of these links so you
guys are gonna have so much homework I'm
sorry
but you have to do it the homework is
assigned and you've got to do it okay
check out Ellie's Channel okay yes I
ended it by myself today while Jackson's
napping and I was able to do a daily
vlog and I was able to pick up the house
but in all reality thank you guys for
the support I have been blown away with
the comments today everybody was so
sweet about us starting the daily vlogs
and it makes it that much more fun for
us to do because we know that there is
reciprocation on the other end that
people really like so thank you guys for
watching have a wonderful day I cannot
believe that I am saying this that we
will see you tomorrow because we like
you and we're so grateful I'm gonna do a
handstand right now oh that's a good one
hey that shaycarl you know what
growing up everybody knew me as the girl
that could do really good handstands so
Jared I will not do on tonight because
we need to go but I will do on tomorrow
thank you guys for watching have a
wonderful night you will see me do a
handstand tomorrow that's the way we
should end our vlogs now on Hanson said
every end did you see that I just I just
came up with something new and creative
handstands every end of the vlog see you
tomorrow bye
