how are you today Jackson hello Jackson
I'm gonna dance on your belly I hope
that's okay
they didn't let the director clearly to
do the bubbly do you have to turn up at
the Betty Lou now I'm gonna moonwalk on
your belly that did it didn't you out
the back
crap you guys we just missed it
Jackson just rolled over from his back
to his belly and we just missed it
crap Ellie were terrible parents let's
try it again look throwing back off
let's roll them back over get the monkey
you know you wanted it so fun to play
with no I'm actually pretty good right
here guys I'm pretty comfortable in my
current position right now I'm pretty
comfortable in my group but yes I would
I would I would I would / - you can do
it Jackson did it
Jackson generate you did a Jackson I'm
so proud of it you just picked him up I
was gonna congratulate him I'm
congratulating him first
cuz he's my boy I'm proud of you son I'm
proud of you Jackson good job he did it
and it's all he took ten minutes to film
it go again he has no idea what we're
doing like that's a funny thing he has
no idea what we're congratulate no he's
like what's going on guys did I do
something awesome yes yes you did
hey guys let me be the very first one to
say thank you thank you thank you so
much for all the support that you guys
gave us on our video the other day about
starting daily vlogs today is the first
day of us doing a test run of daily
vlogs and everybody was so sweet about
it there was a couple that weren't so up
to par about us starting this but it's
okay last night I'm moving around my
kitchen like crazy last night I made a
bunch of freezer baggies full of fruit
because I'm going to start making
smoothies every morning like a drink
breakfast because I'm not very good at
eating breakfast and summer and I
would be fun so I'm going to throw my
fruit and my spinach in the blender and
I've got some yogurt and some juice so
we will see how it turns out gosh dang
it I forgot to add the banana that's not
too bad let's see what jared has to
think I'm supposed to be leaving Jerrod
alone because I keep annoying him
because he's working and I keep talking
say that it's true I'm annoying you
you're not annoying me I'm just a chit
chat box I just when I'm when I'm
focused on something I just in focus
mode I'm just like take a sis okay crazy
haired boy I forgot the banana so it's
not as good it's so good though what's
enough spinach strawberries Kiwi
blueberries cup ice cubes a couple
little spoonfuls of yogurt hmm sunshine
happiness and rainbows well guys I am
dying here this is so funny my family
has been so good to support Jared night
through these videos and oh my gosh my
sister sent me on Facebook she goes
Ellie I'm not gonna lie I have been
pretending to vlog my days every day
like I catch myself vlogging myself like
faking it and then my sister Julie
commented to that and said well I
actually blogged myself and my husband
caught me and I screamed and I ended up
deleting it and I felt so stupid and
then my sister she might kill me for
doing this but Bonnie you sent it to me
she sent me a text and said my vlog for
the day should we watch it I think we
should watch it oh I hope you guys could
see it but I'm gonna show you just a
little clip of how funny my sister is
she's laughing just because she's
embarrassed not because she's like
making fun of us but like
Hey I just wanted to update you and let
you know that I didn't go to church
today because obviously you can hear my
voice um I haven't been sick and just
been like really hard I don't know what
it is all being pop Klein and I yeah Oh
guys I love it is that funny did you
think that was funny I did but what it
goes to show you that to me it's not a
big deal to pick up you guys and beg hey
guys what's up this is what I'm doing
today but for my family they're not used
to it it's a different world it's
different and she was just laughing
because she was like embarrassed and
nervous but it's cool just picking you
guys up saying hi we're getting ready to
go to church mister you have been
rolling over all day look at his hair I
did his hair huh yeah
Jackson has been rolling all morning
hold up hold up hold up my sister Julie
just sent me a clip and says ok I'm
going to do daily vlogs this way and
Bonnie you are the reason my eyes are so
watery because she's laughing
I haven't washed it yet you guys let's
watch it together
hey guys
so today I did go to church and we came
home the kids are in their bed and not
asleep yet the hopefully the least exam
so I'll keep it close bit taste the
watching and subscribe oh my gosh well
guys if you have not met my sister
Bonnie a lot of you guys have seen her
in the vlogs before but that was my
sister Julie but that's funny that's
funny stuff guys you can now see that
both my sisters are nervous and don't
know how to pick up the camera and just
talk and you want to know why the
biggest difference is because we're not
talking to a camera we're talking to
like we're talking to thousands of
people and we we interact with future
social media so it's not weird but for
them they're like oh it's just a camera
where's no the first time on the other
end I think the first time you pick up a
camera and just start talking it's
totally different different but I think
it's funny that they're just like
playing off of each other and laughing
yeah we're just about to leave and I
wanted to show you something really cool
before we took off I don't know if you
guys are ready for this but I hope
you're sitting down because if we're not
you might want to because your socks are
about to be knocked off mm-hmm these are
the shoes that I'm wearing right now
waffle taco Nikes doggies are gonna
chase you and eat them yeah I've got to
be careful but pretty cool huh I finally
got my Nike shoes that I got from the
Taco Bell thing that we didn't quite a
while ago one was that cash when
breakfast came out anyway but I'm
sporting my Nike waffle taco shoes we're
about to say surprised Ellie's uncle it
is 60th it's a sixtieth birthday
he's gonna come out where I'll get
surprised you have to be quiet I don't
know of any of any of us are here got my
wife earn everything I know
hey happy birthday so we just said happy
birthday but this is my dad's brother
they look a lot alike if you haven't
noticed how you doing give me a hug
Dean easily and then this is my brother
they're both wearing black and they have
white heads when I spoke with you last
hey guys we are sitting here with our
really really good friends Brian and
Missy say what's up
Garrett Coffey is Brian with his v-neck
t-shirt so Brian's gonna copy us with
our creepy it's working video our creepy
video on YouTube that I have that nobody
liked nobody likes it I thought oh so
Larry did the funny thing is many times
yet it was it was phenomenal
that's video the funny thing is we
didn't intentionally put it up on the
internet like Jarrod had filmed it once
we got the new camera and Jarrod went to
delete it I was like Jarrod every video
we make every video goes up on YouTube
like you're not deleting that and some
people really thought it was creepy and
didn't like it
Ellie you look like Jim Carrey yeah
Ellie put me against my will and made me
put it up on YouTube but yeah so we're
sitting here talking with Bryan and
Missy because if you guys don't know we
are starting daily vlogs this is the
first daily vlog trial run yes that's a
chance because we don't know how it's
gonna work we're gonna try it out and
see how it goes
Jared and Ellie beta daily vlogs yeah
that's what we should do we should put
on our we should put it like on the end
slate like beta version 1.0 or something
like that
totally step 3 yeah I will for sure but
Bryan and Missy have been really really
kind honestly it's been so much fun
chatting with them they've been giving
us so many good pointers tips and tricks
um not really tricked Louis that's just
a 3x just a same different
cakes and tricks is up kicks and giggles
we're doing something we're chatting
about YouTube and honestly the whole
time that we've been you know in
communication they've been so good to us
so thank you Brian and Missy if you guys
haven't heard of Brian and Missy where
the heck have you been absolutely I
think you all have probably all of our
subscribers are from Brian and Missy but
for the one or two that don't know about
right you can go check them out their
channel is linked below please go watch
and subscribe and tell them that if you
if you go to their channel tell them
that you came from us and be like Jared
and Ellie Kay told us to come to your
channel and we're taking over and we're
sending lots of hugs and kisses or
something like that
I need more kisses Missy isn't giving
enough I guess them that's most that's
must be what's going on Oh true love
marriage is what brings us together
today you know I hate that video that
just happened Brian and Missy well you
guys do us the honor of ending our very
first daily vlog yeah hey you guys hey
thank you so much for checking out Jared
and Ellie's uh daily blog you guys have
exclusive beta access right here so be
sure to match that thumbs up on it and
subscribe to their channel because these
hair games on point and they're rocking
it so leave a friendly comment below
also cuz that's always nice it's nice to
be friendly yeah and they'll see
tomorrow thanks
