guess where we are going today it's kind
of cold and rainy outside we're going to
be outside we're going to this park I
think lots of people are going to be
there I don't know but we were asked to
go teach me how to dougie teach me teach
me how to dougie teach me how to dougie
teach me teach me how to dougie we're
gonna go get our swag on and we're gonna
teach you how to dougie teach you have
it
and hopefully we're going to be cooler
than that at the park we are going there
is a girl on YouTube
oh we just heard about her yesterday
I think her channel is hair 101 um she
lives here in Utah and on Twitter some
guy tweeted me and a bunch of other
people and he was like hey do you want
to come teach me how to dougie here at
the park here in Utah they're doing some
like music video thing and they asked if
we wanted to go and I said yeah I want
to go
so Jared switched his schedule for work
so he's able to work the night shift
tonight and we are going to go to the
park today and do that you guys know
just as much information now as I do
which means I don't know a lot of
information about this we're getting a
babysitter for Jackson the first time
he's got a babysitter I'm kind of sad
but the girls really good and she's
really cute so let's go teach him how to
dougie now I think maybe someone's just
setting something up so that they can
kill us are we gonna get murdered we're
behind a building with a dumpster and I
think like nobody's here
creepy that's the best way to fly though
is by the seat of your pants so we're
just trying to copy this video but
incorporate the hair side of it tuned so
teaching just not good so I mean I have
some like shares that you guys can hold
while you do this Dan and then in my
really wild hair you can i just buzz the
top of it seriously and he will rate is
okay first of all is this your rapping
right now and narsing we're making that
go by the where we are here we are going
to start filming here in just a second
there's a fog machine this is legit this
is too legit it's too legit and but
we're not gonna be yeah we need a few
more people but we've got we've got a
bunch of youtubers here we've got April
and Davey from hair 101 and then Josh
from Josh dikes dynasty we daily vlogs
and this kid is ballin he's got some
major swag let's do dance move for us
just hurry yeah pop and lock pop and
lock he's like he's like he's I'm saving
it for later I've got to save my good
moves we're filming a music video for
April's channel here and if you guys
haven't seen it hair 101 check it out
she does some awesome styling it'd be
really good so if we can all learn how
to do this I'm afraid because I'm a
terrible dancer so I don't know how this
is
work out fake it till you make it right
that's what we're doing right now I mean
we're not faking this this is real I am
so out of shape yeah my legs are tired
hurry wives are dancing we can't I can't
keep up with the music just to like do
something up I only get a close-up of us
Rosie between dance in a circle and
she's gonna fall Society Hey how'd she
do that she can cut it something feels
like your car smells like this place is
on fire
looks pretty ugly oh my gosh guys that
is a wrap we met some awesome new
friends will have their links down below
we've been in this little warehouse with
these people filming April's awesome
video she wrote this video and we put
dance moves I guess whatever dances we
have to it we're it were very white yeah
yeah
printed on how to dance and so her video
I think it's gonna be up on Friday on
her channel this video will be up on
Wednesday so we'll definitely have her
link down below so you guys can check
her out so you guys could check out the
awesome video that we were in it's
really fun meeting new youtubers and
interacting with people so we'll have
them listed down below made it out of
the warehouse right that was so fun we
have a freaking blast it was a really
cool music video that we're filming and
it's actually gonna be up in the next
couple days once this video goes up I
think this is the funnest part about
this whole thing
we got tweet from a guy that lives in
Utah asking us to come participate and
we did and now we have more new friends
from YouTube and it's so fun guys we
have friends and it is so great I don't
know this is just really cool I think my
favorite conversation was just that we
were all talking afterward about YouTube
and like
things that we love about it and I just
so glad that like this is what we're
doing I love it and like I want to do
daily vlog so bad because of it but we
want to do daily vlogs we all want to
can we
that's the question Jared's job is like
that's the most important thing is Jared
has to take care of his family if I can
take care of my family doing YouTube why
not you know but that's the thing is
when do we get to that place hard Ted
it's just a risk yeah when do we get to
that point is a thing so um I've got to
unlock the car hold on Tom out oh yeah
yeah the other cool thing about doing
things like this with youtubers free for
say she gave me this I was like yes we
won't go hungry today my ears need a pot
burn all seriousness it was really fun
talking to Josh he just started the
daily vlogs like for two months so he
hasn't done it fraud that long and it
was a risk that he took and this is like
his full-time job now that he's trying
to make a career for him and he's got a
family and a really cute wife his son is
the cutest and their little boy is just
like the like he is cooler than me he's
6 years old and he's cooler than me when
we are dancing he had these moves that I
was like oh I gotta watch him I want to
do those man I've got a copy that I just
like oh it's just hard because life
changes hard like and but you're part of
us wants to do daily vlogs and make
YouTube our living but part of us is
like we have to be realistic we have to
be mature we have a family we have to
support them we have to I don't know
it's just a crazy world
good news flying everywhere I have a
question though and this is one thing
that I've started to ask myself what
would you do if you weren't afraid like
if you weren't afraid of anything what
would you do
and what do you think the answer that
question is like what would you do it
well yeah I was afraid that I wouldn't
have food on the table for my little boy
and if I wasn't afraid that our our rent
would be paid then I would do it I'm
just I would be scared to to do this and
then see there's there's a book called
who moved my cheese I'm not sure if you
guys have ever read it but it's a really
really good book for like leadership
adapting to change and one of the most
important takeaways is what would you do
if you weren't afraid if I wasn't afraid
of anything like the risks or anything
associated with it
I probably start doing daily vlogs well
and we can't people say well why don't
you do daily vlogs and work there was
legitimately like it would kill us Jared
works well more than 40 hours a week at
his job like we could not do that but
what if we took like a month or like a
week what about a week or two strided a
week and just do daily vlogs for like
two weeks and I would try and edit the
one like you would edit the two main
videos and I would edit like the little
one let's do it let's make a challenge
let's challenge ourselves next week
let's do daily vlogs but and I know
people don't care because I love
watching daily vlogs whether they're
sitting at home or doing something but a
lot of what I do because Jared goes to
work all day so a lot of what I do is I
just
now Jackson yeah I watch it I hangout
chat so it's kind of like I don't do
anything but that wait wait you were
boring been telling me that you don't do
anything at home all day why haven't we
been doing daily vlogs Dannelly well I
don't know like does that make sense
guys like it would kind of just be
repetitive the same thing every single a
because I'm just a Jackson
well that guess what that's that's life
life is living day to day I don't know
so let's do this let's make a channel ah
you're making a challenge for them to
see do we want to say that yeah let's do
it right why not why not right now we
make a change gosh I'm gonna copy
everything today is the first day of the
rest of your life okay Carl quo let's do
it let's try it for at least one week
we'll do one week of daily vlogs
starting Monday the Monday after this
video goes up okay
what do you think I mean but that we're
gonna lose subscribers because then
they're gonna hate us cuz we're so late
Justin right you won't hate us
we'll try it we'll see we'll see Jared's
promising you guys up I'm not so we will
see if you're on Team Jared let me know
down below if you're on Team Ellie and
you're lame leave that down below team
Jared for daily vlogs for a week trial
test run let's just see what happens
ok let's just see like then what have we
got to lose
what have we got to lose it's time in
sleep ok guys I gotta go home and see my
baby cakes I miss him so much this is
the first time he's had a babysitter
thank you guys so much for watching
today we had a wonderful time meeting
new youtubers today it was really fun to
interact with them and I will see you
guys next video wait wait timeout hurry
the video that we just did is gonna be
will leave I already told them believe
it oh you did yeah I told you guys in
the warehouse yeah ok sorry I didn't
mean to interrupt
ok we'll see you guys in the next in the
next video and maybe that'll be the
start of a daily vlog for like a week I
don't know I'm not promising anything
I am though I'm gonna do it bye
you
