hello Ellie what are we doing we are
going out to lunch with some other
youtubers can you guess who it is it's a
surprise I'm not gonna tell you they'll
just have to keep watching you'll have
to keep watching that's how we keep you
guys watching these videos as we say
like hey guess what we're doing we're
not gonna tell you you have to watch
them but we're eating this because of
the thumbnail I'm sure and because I
think the other person will have that
log out before us anyway but just to
keep the suspenseful you still might not
know right maybe I don't know we'll see
anyway we are gonna go make the long
drive up to Salt Lake we're gonna have
some lunch with some other youtubers and
it's gonna be fun this is exciting
mmm yeah
I we go for shopping reasons but today
we do not need to buy anything so we're
not gonna go shopping but I do need one
thing we don't need anything but we need
one thing do you hear that guys she has
two girls for us she doesn't need
anything but she has to go to this
fourth and what we'll probably end up
doing is we'll probably end up going to
lush for Ellie and we'll probably end up
going to Nordstrom's for LA and we'll
probably end up going to Macy's for
Ellie just things that you just want to
do right we don't need to but you just
want to know there's just one thing I
need guys it's gonna be a freaking
gorgeous day today and I'm really
excited that we're gonna be out and
about having a lot of fun but you know
who isn't excited my legs my legs and
feet are not excited
I have pasty white legs and the first
day of really really hot weather I'm
probably gonna get some pretty bad burns
it's pretty thick oh it's so it's fake
oh I really mess yeah it's kind of messy
guys we've been really busy and we
haven't really done much and all of our
garbage cans are full because our
neighbors moved out and they used all of
our garbage stuff so we don't have any
room nope but my legs are not too
excited about this don't judge me
little guys
hi buddy hi good morning
oh I think there's a semi oh yeah he
just realized who I am
oh that's so bright you're so happy
should we go out and have some fun let's
go
rule number one about vlogging and
driving don't vlog and drive here you go
Ellie Ellie what did you just tell me I
won't tell you okay I will talk Ellie
has some art I heard that she's going
out and I was like Ellie you should do a
video about how to wax your arm no I'm
growing my armpit hair oh so like you're
weird
and that's weird I'm kidding well I
always wash my armpits I always do ever
I never shaved my wax up and it's in
between needing to be waxed and so I go
oh crap we're meeting new friends today
and I have a wax my armpits and they're
all hairy you want to see it's normal
guys it's a natural thing what annoys me
is Jared is always the first one to be
like oh oh oh you you you need a wax
Ellie or you need a shape like your f
it's really hairy
well yours I have armpit hair well just
because I don't grow hair that's all of
the awesomeness of hair growing go
straight to my head not inside my head
guys I don't have a big hair on your
hair yeah go something my hair goes on
my hair
you get you get what he was trying to
say but I'm hungry you are always the
first to point out about my unibrow it's
true between each other's blood that's
what makes a good relationship is you
can put each other's applause and then
the laugh about him Jerry gets leg did
his belly button and I pick it out with
my finger it's true it's disgusting and
then I flick it out oh he just fell
asleep hey guys we told you guys to
guess we were going after you with and
we are now here and Sam Sam
and before you lectured was like make
sure you get their names right I'm like
yeah okay right yeah we've had a good
lunch for you in pizza he is so full he
ate so much pizza is just I know I'm
gonna go spy oh look at this TV bathroom
yeah okay we're trying to figure out
it's just me she's five months pregnant
know one thing I can't get over guys is
you guys are so much taller than I
thought we thought right you guys are
not even in the frame right now okay
honestly look at though look at the
height difference isn't that crazy
hi Ellie
respectful wave Jen said it first so I'm
allowed to say not my arms challenge
right there and you would never know
Jarrod is in the market for a new
Cologne
and but that what it is turn on your
television I don't know it's kind of he
said dirt yeah I think it start is this
time toe because when it's on paper
versus on I think it was called block
knock dart but Jarrod's in need of a new
coolant and so if you guys have a colon
that you really like comment down below
because Father's Day is coming up and
Jared needs some new Cologne I see I
smell real bad right now it doesn't it's
not very good when he uses my perfume it
wouldn't be a trip to City Creek without
going to lush whatever what are you
getting today
goodbye what are you getting re in the
basemap mask what that meant evac
dimension
that's quite the name Magda minty that's
a fun name to say I stopped my Sephora
cherry just left us and he used the code
word I've got to go which means I think
he really really has to go to that we're
getting Roxbury journey and we've been
hanging out all day and Jonathan hasn't
even help Jackson yet so Jarrod's
getting him out he's been a good little
baby all day smiling how fun is that
gonna be we should get together at the
end of the summer and let the babies
play in the pool or something he's like
I'm not strapped at the car seat for
hours look at him stand he's doing good
we've had a lot of fun with Sam and
Jennifer yeah they're okay they're
alright we've got enough to eat like
five times already in the day we went
out to eat pizza then we got chick-fil-a
then we got french fries and so we're
just talking and eating all day what's
for dessert guys what are we going to do
friend is their usual piece that's not
beautiful
yeah thank you
your hair's been looking really good
today I've been meaning to tell you that
thank you
there's some we're talking in the
background I can't understand what
they're saying that's a it's a tour
talking about all of the stuff around
here and you guys have never been to
Salt Lake and you're visiting Salt Lake
go to Temple Square because there's so
much stuff you can learn and it's just a
lot of really cool a lot of really cool
temples buildings and everything to look
at it really good places to eat - yeah
we're all at the reflection pool now PCs
oh wait I just can we take a second I
just need to reflect for a little bit
a three flexion point eaters life aha
but but can you see why it's called the
reflection pool how pretty is that you
can see the temple in the water but
people throw pennies in here as you can
see pennies and so I wanted to grab
forever
that's an Angelico's turn I got
everybody saying ml out yeah is your the
same wishes mine to be friends forever
hey which camera should we give then our
camera so they had our footage will just
upload our video on your channel on you
upload our video in your guys's
reactions take away
okay I'm ready ready
well I'll just have some stumbling
blocks before you get the way to come to
Arizona for going over to the iconic
place where you're supposed to take your
selfie with the picture of the temple in
the background I do wedding pictures too
and I don't think we've ever had a
picture with Jackson in front of the
trip bus this will be fun yeah well hold
up hold it up high and price and fried
look how high that fountain is going
that water fountain
is that cool can't we're gonna get our
selfie in the bright Sun right there so
you ready we're gonna go take our
picture look at that hat hey he's smile
cute it baby with that oh that glow
behind you guys oh my goodness you take
it do this family alert
where is that even from what is that
even from weekend at Bernie's
I think we're getting ready to say our
goodbyes with salmon Jenica there other
there whispering about how much I didn't
like their dates but Jellico's invited
me to her house this summer once we go
over and play every we had a lot of fun
it's gonna be so great
we're gonna go her once a week and swim
inside their pool and they have a hot
tub
so right you said I could bagi he's
pretty good
wait you said that I could come and swim
in your house I said that and she meant
it and I did mean it
okay she can come from any time are you
lining right now Jenna happy life how
could this little face facing body and
cradle him I think we should go was
really fun I'm seeing you guys fine is
being yeah it was raising you to most
the time but it was fun yeah honestly
we've hung out for six hours yeah we've
been together all day and we've eaten
all day
so anyway I'm gonna say goodbye see you
guys later bye see ya do you know how in
my vlogs
hell I go boots and I see my head
but flaming on their head piece I really
wish I could carry so we shouldn't
really just want a picture of me holding
her like this hey hey guys just one last
thing we had a lot of fun with Jenica
and Sam today I keep wanting to say Sam
Alexis her vlog channel name but we will
have their channel listed down below if
you guys want to check them out they do
daily vlogs and guys this is very very
important we have an extra video coming
out this week on Friday it's a really
good video that should be really short
and there's some very exciting news in
it and it could possibly be talking
about
don't tell them it's a secret not to
stay tuned thank you very little taste
of it it has to do with blogs that's
good enough and that's it
so guys keep your eyes and ears and
fingers out for the vlog on Friday and
again we have the blast with Sam and Jen
and we laughed all day long but we'll
see you guys later
keep her out for Friday bye
