ah good morning guys 101 we are on 101
videos right now and Ellie and Jackson
are so tired from filming a hundred and
one videos and Jackson can you smile for
us ah you get that binky in no way can I
turn on the light is that gonna be too
bright for everyone hi buddy hey Jackson
hi
ah hey smiley boy Ellie what do you
think about doing 100 videos hey that's
really cool I want to go watch em all
I always get a number 12 at Jimmy John's
and I never branch out I don't know what
to get today I'm not recording Jared
Jared just well in this big spill and I
was are recording what Jared I don't
want to talk anymore as soon as I talk
she turns off the camera I don't get it
it's always nice not to have to pay for
your sandwich what Jared Brooks was the
owner the other day and he gave us a
couple free one sure is getting the baby
and the blank and I'm supposed to find a
spot and I don't know where jared says
the grove of trees just look good right
there a little bit of shade you got a
little bit of stream down there we're
all excited we're getting set up we've
got our food we've got our blanket and
Jackson is asleep I even brought his
little hat so we could wear matching
food or house together we we just got
the party started and he's already party
whooping oh maybe I'm talking to those
Shh Jackson Leslie no blame on the place
what do you think bad you excited right
here I think it's pretty beautiful out
here don't you think
just like two minutes away from our
house not too bad I have a question for
you job do you think that we are going
to go camping the summer like and spend
the night with Jackson this kind of tent
I know what that might go camping will
definitely go to the cabin a couple
times to be fun to go in a tent I wonder
how he would do we've got our little
taco burrito right here he's all revved
up and he's got some hat on I think
that's cute little taco burrito your
taco burrito yeah we love you you love
me do you want to see something amazing
no too bad it didn't see it where to go
I'm gonna let you try that one more time
you want to see something amazing sure
do you guys want to see something
amazing Oh try it again
oh that's too big let me break it in
half there's this hey wash Oh at this to
play oh you that there's to replay oh
the wind is carrying it it's too big you
gotta break it our big chompers get in
the way ready top goes drop kid Jackson
your turn your turn
can you catch it food i salty can you
see that little green what is like a
caterpillar it simmer it just literally
I saw it in the sky coming down on a
string oh no oh there's just a Jackson I
got your new pet you wanna go
caterpillars let's go swing my little
matching boys cute alright hold on tight
he's holdin I and you already know what
to do I don't want to pinch your feet
there's a little bugs everywhere just
hanging out hanging out with me little
bug you having fun
yeah oh how sweet
ooh someone's going now you guys having
fun yeah oh mama and Jackson swinging on
the swing he's just looking so I'm
running some stuff to the garbage can
over here I see some sort of weird cage
looking thing so I'm gonna come over and
see yeah see that right there did
someone just leave that here I'm sort of
ferret thing or is it a trap I think
someone just left this here it looks
like some sort of ferret cat hamster
giant rodent thing that's someone just
left well you guys want it it's right
here
that's kind of weird now to me that is a
gorgeous view mm-hmm I like living here
for these kind of views like that fresh
air feels good feels good go away go
away now guys this bee is staring at me
like he's gonna kill me how do you get
it out of him
but how about you pull over I'm not
gonna fall over we're like going down
this windy Canyon here I have an idea
I will cut the seatbelt behind me I know
safety furbelow not safety right now I
don't want to get stung by a bee how are
we gonna do this here around your neck
don't drop the camera
I think it last did you flip him in the
back
he's dr. Jackson now it's okay at least
he's not with us that's all though I
think I got him I think he's outside now
that B just came out of nowhere
I know Jared just till the windows up
Jerry just like started screaming I'm
like why are you screaming about there's
like be flying around does that be was
attacking me in my face
that was funny I want to punch that be
right in the face you came in with the
windows down oh how did he do that kind
of things this is exciting
this is a momentous occasion that we've
got going on here Jackson is going to
eat his first mixture of rice cereal
yeah it's pretty runny I guess the first
mixture they about the direction so
what do you think about this he's like I
saw the bottle decide
I thought it's really runny like it's
too runny but
not too bad what do you think I don't
know it's kind of interesting like I
should call one of my sisters okay we
just added a little bit more rice make
it a little bit thicker than it was
before so let's see any brandy but you
know his first time he's doing really
good
jacking so I think he's doing good for
his first time the doctors like heal a
choke and cough and not eat it but so
far he does like all over the place okay
I guess I'm not that funny
I guess I'm not that funny holy crap
where'd the day go we have an hour to
close and we always end up in bed lately
dinner vlog I like where that is going
no it is 11 o'clock at night and we we
haven't picked up the camera like at all
watch it's like I think we're missing
something I was like but in the vlog oh
my gosh um so right now I am actually
editing you guys have probably already
seen it by now but I'm editing the
hundredth video the blooper video that
we have gone and it's pretty crazy going
back you get all different okay I'll
show you so let me scroll through here
but you have to go watch
love it yeah you have to you promise
you'll go watch the whole thing so let's
we'll start right here so we both I
fight both I think we both think it's
ends so I'm focus camera focus done
candid camera
okay that's great boy how do you think
it not worry that's just a little bit
that's not even the funny parts you'll
have to go watch it there's lots of
funny ones you have to watch it right
now link below right now to our
hundredth video I can't believe we've
been vlogging that one I know but here's
the thing it's crazy
people who do daily vlogs like 100
videos like that's nothing but us we've
been doing this for more than a year now
and 100 videos is crews rats a lot I
don't know what else to say I don't
either
Jackson is cute today I miss him he's
been asleep since like 8 o'clock and 11
it's 11 he's sleeping so good I'm like
really proud about that I'm to bed early
earlier every night huh it used to be
like 10:30 than 10 and 9 now it's like 8
might as well just put him to bed like
around 4:00 that way I can just do the
things that we want to do whatever thank
you guys for watching thank you guys for
everything that you do we don't say that
lightly like we do mean it oh good night
I like its hyper when she's about to go
to bed I don't know if you guys have
noticed that but she gets super hyper I
don't thank you guys for watching as
always if you haven't already please hit
the subscribe
Oh what did I just say she's crazy
help me she's coming to get me look at
my dad's waffle top waffles I got you
your pajama shirt remembering a rioter
no that's that's nice to know
cut that out be sure to hit the
subscribe button if you haven't also
thumbs up the video if you like waffle
taco t-shirts give them ring a waffle
top t-shirt I waffle thoughtful goodbye
okay
love yes are you still talking I love
you guys bye
