we are just getting ready to do the
video chat with Bryan Lanning and Colin
and Katie and Missy and Jared just got
home from work I am oh I dropped it you
didn't catch it with your mouth come
here ah is this gonna be gross to eat oh
there's a hair on actually I'm not going
to um we're getting ready to video chat
Jer just got home from work we are
trying to get everything set up Jared's
got a shower because he was up until 6
a.m. editing our 100th video vlog and
then he went to work at 9:30 pretty
crazy huh and we're getting ready always
you like your little on frilly hairs
Jackson Hale I don't care they on they
are trying to send invites right now to
everyone or us just us okay
just just I'm excited I really like
Bryan and Missy and : and Katie I feel
like but not so much Colin and Katie you
like Ryan they're not so much cold ever
you guys know we love you : and Katie
and but Bryan and Missy they've been not
only like friends with us but they
helped us come a long way as far as
YouTube goes Bryan's calling I've got to
take this it's ringing you are about to
join yep got that okay got it daily
bumps is not in your circles okay that's
fine probably add you to my circles 600
people in this chat yeah it's got me to
recorder yeah women okay I got the
camera and the baby will post a question
on the Q&A app and then you people will
plus the question that they want to have
answered so
it's kind of like a hierarchy the
highest plus is what you know will tend
to see a little bit more we're gonna
start the would you rather I've got a
bunch of questions here but people are
tweeting me some as well too so if you
get a really good one
I keep tweeting em but I'm gonna read
the ones that I've got here I kind of
think we should do the ones that they
tweet us
oh you think some yeah cuz the ones we
pulled up we're just on the Internet
yeah let's do that one was from Jamie
Jamie Murray 102 would you rather have
taste buds on your toes or on your
fingers I think it's kind of obvious for
me although your fingers I would
probably do fingers let's see here oh
free itunes for it for sure yeah yeah
I'm not a big star I don't drink coffee
so I'm not a big they've got good hot
chocolate they do but I mean I mean be
able to run had a hundred miles per hour
or fly at 10 miles per hour
I'd probably rather be Harry Potter this
one this is from Laura philipson would
you rather eat a pinecone or poop a
pinecone
true gender every time you sneeze or
know or not be able to or not be able to
tell the difference between a yeah or
not be able to tell the difference
between a muffin and a baby so you might
want to be boy girl boy girl boy girl
view it you would rather not be able to
tell the difference between a muffin and
a baby if you see a muffin I know if you
guys are ever on the let's see would you
um would you rather fight a horse sized
duck or 100 duck sized horses duck sized
horses a hundred duck-sized horses just
like a bunch of tiny little horses
rather this is just off the top of my
head would you rather have to wear
shorts through the rest of your life or
pants for the rest of your life
Pam pants I'm in good eye
I have pasty white skinny tiny legs but
like if you were going like a wedding or
something you have to work sure
I have to shave that legs way too much
there's the black right would you rather
be the best racquetball player in the
world
or find $65 on the street money $65
racquetball is intense by the way that's
a lot of cardio I'll take the money I
don't change a diaper every three
minutes or never make another YouTube
video yeah well change a diaper every
three minutes that would make a lot of
boring YouTube videos : is my point well
not to do plate
I was doing earlier I was working with
I'm gonna recall an advice something
about the rotary gardener well I don't
know if there brake pads are missing or
I just don't want my daughter's birthday
is coming up and I also need some
information on the breast pump
well well first of all with the bike I
don't know what to do about the recall
and with the breast pump I'm having a
little suction issue yeah it won't suck
up correctly I can't get it placed just
right there's no is there a way to get
like a demonstration or like a video
after what's up have you ever used one a
breast pump oh my gosh that was so I
literally like do you ever have a good
conversation with like a really good
friend and when you go away from the
conversation you're like I feel really
good
your armpits are sweating you're just
like man this is so nice I that was so
fun a lot of fun we talked like an hour
and a half on Brian's vlog and then
afterwards we all started talking just
the three of us or six of us Brian said
like we are a new generation like this
YouTube community this YouTube
interaction like it is totally new it's
a snowball rolling really fast yeah it's
I mean it's such a awesome thing to have
this close community from with people
that are miles away so cool and I'm
grateful to be a part of it like I think
that's the coolest I feel like I I'm
over the moon like I we are so like
we're telling Brian and : like it's
really good cuz like we feel like you
guys are our friends it's like Missy is
my friend Katie you're my friend like
Sam's : and Brian like we're all like
friends it's just really fun to have
friends we have friends we find we can
say that now but anyway that was a
really good chat I think maybe this is
just gonna go up as just an extra vlog
for the week do anything cuz I really
want this to go up bonus la I do because
I think this is you know part of our
life and we do have a schedule but once
tomorrow we could throw extra videos up
and any nothing let's just throw another
video yeah we have four videos going up
a week you know 2 on my channel 2 on
ours and Kelly we might as well just do
the daily videos B if we wanted to now
that I can like edit and I I do a lot of
work but we could do it I'm doing really
good I put Jackson down for a nap today
and I filmed a skincare makeup video and
then I edited it all by the time Jackson
woke up and I was like haha I did really
good I'm proud of you thank you okay
that's a weird sound I did let's try
that again
that was weird I'm so proud of you
okay president I'm glad that we're doing
those we're doing those guys and you're
coming along with us so we'll see you
guys later
thanks for watching we love all of our
friends and you guys included see ya bye
oh one more thing that we forgot to
mention if you guys want to watch that
live chat we actually have it linked
down below it's on Brian and Missy's
daily vlog channel daily bumps if you
want to watch the video just click link
down below and you guys can reinjure all
the excitement fun bond memories we made
