here we go
hey guys do you want to know why today
is such a good day I showered for the
first time in a week I am on my way to
go redeem one of my Mother's Day gifts
today Jared got me a massage for
Mother's Day and he also got me a gift
card to Sephora and I'm not gonna lie at
first I was like a gift card but then I
thought I'm really excited because every
time I go to Sephora I always have in
mind what I need to get but I always
have stuff that I like want to get but I
can't get everything because it adds up
and it's so expensive so I thought today
it'll be fun I'll go pick out what I
actually like want rather than what I
like need all the time so I always get
my moisturizer in my face wash and
whatnot but this time I'll actually get
what I always have been eyeing so I'm
really excited to show you guys what we
get this is exciting I just got some
cool stuff in the mail and arms Oh
excited a few days ago I ordered some
cool lighting stuff in the mail and it
finally came these are a couple soft
boxes with some really awesome light and
I'm really excited to get them set up
and see what they look like this is
gonna be sweet it's gonna help us out
with our videos a lot in the future so
let's get it set up well I just had a
heyday in there I am so glad that Jared
decided to get me a gift card I actually
really enjoyed it and if you guys want
to see what I got you will just have to
go to my channel and look at the haul
that I'm going to do the haul should be
up like several days before this video
actually goes up so if you guys don't
know what I got yet you'll have to go
check it out
so what do you guys think I think it's
pretty cool obviously I don't have it
set up the way it's supposed to be so I
probably look kind of funny right now
but I've got one light here with the
stand and one light right here with the
stand and I think it's pretty cool I
think it's going to be really great for
our set up for when Ellie does a lot of
her videos and if we want a little bit
more I don't know professional-looking
videos done this is going to help out a
lot so I think it's pretty cool I have
no idea what I'm doing guys
this is honest I got these lights
because I asked Bryan Lanning for some
help when we were filming the Mother's
Day video and he kind of went Jared and
he's like you need to get these and so I
did and so hopefully this is going to
help out a lot for our the videos in the
future let me know what you guys think
let me know if you have any advice
because like I said I have no idea what
I'm doing
I don't know what to do with my hands
right now uh so I'm pretty excited that
they look pretty cool some soft boxes
for our videos I think it's gonna be
awesome
maybe look at my guitar look at that
that looks cool it is so nice this
guitar is awesome we've been out this
for an hour now I figured I might as
well pick you guys up and show you
what's going on huh it's rusted and it
will not come on I told you just to
break it but he's been a party pooper
and so no I don't want glass shattering
on my face I'm sorry it won't go up and
I traced those muscles I tried like a
million different tools
I guess my muscles have no idea what I'm
doing
use those muscles I think Jared finally
decided to use his muscles it's coming
Oh finally we were able to get that
little tiny screw off congratulations
you won taking me out to dinner
yay Jackson's talking to himself
hi hi hi sleepy so this little guy had
his four-month appointment today at the
doctors and his stats are amazing
his head your big big noggin is in the
90th percentile his weight is in the 75
percentile and his height is in the 50th
percentile it's not amazing especially
its height because Gerardus you're just
beat up ah his height he's in the 50th
percentile I think that's really good
because I'm very short Jarrod's family
is extremely short my family is not all
that short though my dad is a good
six-foot man
I'm several of my sisters are pretty
tall so hopefully he'll get that tall
gene in them he'll be a tall boy with a
huge head but anyway his stature looking
good and his weight he's 15 pounds good
job with a man I'm so proud of you do
you guys remember the Taco Bell contest
that we were doing where we would have
the phone and we tweet out a bunch of
stuff well look what we just got in the
mail waffle taco t-shirt baby my waffle
is a taco you know that's right you know
that's would be my new pajama shirt
right mmm did you congratulations on
your breakfast swag if you were lucky
enough to win multiple items please note
that they will be shipped separately I
think we also want like some tennis
shoes with waffle tacos on them should I
wear it today
dad no mm-hmm totes mcgoats
try it let's put it on here's some
youtube magic for you one two three
whoop what do you think
buddy Oh trouble trouble trouble are you
Superman Superman get those arms up Oh
what do you think a little boy what do
you think a little boy this man no you
like to later we gotta get you like a
nice little airplane oh did you see that
face is that a little scary I just want
to eat my thumb mom I sure do cute I
hear someone room to do in you are group
to into into into in there's some rumbly
in someone's tumbly I have a feeling
you're gonna poo are you gonna food
sorry or should we be cleaner are you
going to use the restroom in your
pantalones yeah and your Senor
pantalones de fuego you get on your skin
and mommy will have to clean it up Oh No
why do you always have to pee your pants
hmm
take why do you always have to pee your
pants not all the time just occasionally
I'm working on it guys I promise we're
doing to interpret it mean I have a
feeling you're gonna two on me ah I love
your head is this thing on
I don't know all I can see is your hat
hi I'm Tyler Tyler laughing Elliott
Joseph knows better hair Sam Rogers I'm
missing cherry I'm gonna say Tyler
actually that's a bad yeah I probably
agree when you're Tyler have some pretty
free hair ventured sorry I'm zoomed in
way way too much thank you appreciated I
will submit to Tyler sorry well guys I
think that's it for the day but you want
to know what I was just thinking we have
toys in our house now we have little
toys and burp rags and bottles and toys
in our house it is crazy to me that used
to have a little kid and look at his
little monkey he's been sucking on and
he has i drool marks and it's so funny
my wife is changing everyday and nikka's
of this little guy yeah I love it
and kind of change where we asked you
guys about designs for t-shirts and
we've got a lot of feedback that we like
but we are trying like we know what we
want on a shirt like you guys like the
giraffes you like the angry eyebrows but
it's just a matter of getting like a
professional look not just like a little
sketch yeah so we're trying to go
through and see if there's anything that
we can do or something that we can find
that we like um but we really like what
you guys have sent yeah
and if you guys have any other ideas let
us know well yeah that's it we're just
kind of hanging out we're looking over
some designs we're gonna see what we
like the best
and create a masterpiece that you guys
can wear conveniently on I wanna shirt
right now I do too I wanna wear one
that's it guys that's the vlog for today
I hope you enjoyed it I hope it made you
a little bit happier I hope you weren't
watching this on the toilet coz that's a
little bit weird no just kidding watch
it on toilet I can I be honest I take
the iPad in the bathroom i watch no I'll
watch YouTube with the iPad on the
toilet no use your work phone for that I
wash my hands
um but next week is our hundredth video
100 100 videos I'm really excited I we
have something we have something fun
planned for 100th video I mean it's it's
a lot of work for Jerry cuz it's a lot
of editing but it's for us I'm excited
for it though
should we tell what it is no it's a
secret you can't know okay okay thanks
for watching go check out my channel
I've been editing up and I'm so good at
it I'm so proud of her and it's so nice
not to have to add yeah that's cause
it's a share it's happy that I'm excited
about it it's cool for a few different
reasons Ellie is learning a really cool
skill that she'll be able to use forever
and ever and ever and we get to put out
more videos for you guys so I think it's
pretty cool I have fun doing that it's
fun but we're going on we're rambling
we're talking too much have a good day I
get to go eat some goldfish goldfish you
see you later bar you go jump in the sea
go jump in the sea and Fisher and the
little piggies are you talking right now
are you saying what are you saying right
now you guys know what I meant
peas
you
