hello everybody is that we were doing
today we are on the road again we are
driving to my grandpa's house my grandpa
and grandma's grandpa isn't doing too
hot so we are making the long drive to
go visit him because we want to take
every opportunity that we can to see him
longies and while he's still around so
we have Jackson in the car with us and
we're gonna go visit Grandma and Grandpa
just to see how they're doing they don't
get a lot of visitors all the time so we
want to go up as much as we can but
there's one stuff that we have to make
before we get there because we do not
have this delicious food right next to
our house which I guess is not that far
it's like 20 minutes away but we're
stopping at chick-fil-a chick-fil-a good
for lunch
so let's stuff there let's get some food
and then we're gonna go see grandma and
grandpa and Jackson's excited because
the last time Jackson saw grandma
grandpa he would never open his eyes
because he was so brand-new oh my gosh
peoples ways for parking oh no the
drive-through is so long oh no he's
coming I can see him use like a number
one kind of beverage you know Dr Pepper
Dr Pepper Dr Pepper
largest research medium just the median
and can I get it with no pickles you
sure kids anything else oh you're crazy
I want a chicken sandwich just a regular
one
I think oh she cool a sauce I swear they
have a little something something
something something something something
so open now sauce because it is a dick
Dean I could put on ice cream and I
would eat it that's kind of weird
no it's not that's kind of weird no it's
not oh that's kind of hot
only if you can't stand the heat get out
of the kitchen know something that jared
has taught me about sons being married
is you have to have a really good
copilot would drive you've got to have a
good goal pilot that's the key to road
trips and I have to admit there's been a
couple times where it's gotten quite
heated in the car because I'm not being
a very good cold pilot the copilot
consists of putting the sandwiches ready
for him to eat and giving it to him once
he's off the freeway and then when he
needs french fries I hold it wait till
he's ready and then I personally will
feed him
after five years almost would be married
I consider myself a pretty good copilot
I agree I think you are in your final
semester of copilot school just awaiting
graduation that has taken years for me I
guess to figure it out so you're doing
good you have done a good job I applaud
you and commend you for your co-pilot be
quiet but in all seriousness we are
excited to come and see grandpa and he
means a lot to us
grandpa is my hero he was this
incredible young man raised with nothing
lived through the depression served in
World War two was shot in the neck and
came out I'll just back and and lived to
tell about it how old he is 92 years old
and if you hear him when he's talking he
kinda has like a like a raspy sound
high-pitched voice he talks very that's
because he he got shot and in World War
two and it did damaged his vocal cords
but to me he is the true image just like
of a man to me he provided for his
family
he you know honors his country he lived
a good clean life and he I mean if I
could be half the man my grandpa is I I
will think my life is successful
he
is my hero we are good are you love oh
come on hey there come okay let me see
our baby how are you doing hi ru well
you look good good yeah yeah he's a lot
heavier this time huh what does he weigh
um a little over 13 yeah here honey
there you go what do you think
one two grandpa have a question for you
and I want you to think long and hard
about it as long as it takes I my
question is if you could give one piece
of advice to anyone what would it be
never clean life and be humble before
our Father in Heaven and keep his
Commandments I like what well I think
we'd better saddle up any advice you
want to give all of our people who watch
what a blessing to have you to in their
lives
stop grandma stop period have them
telling you about their experience no I
think it's wonderful I think it'll be
good for the people that's something we
would like to have happen yeah any life
advice you want to give us be loving and
kind to everyone you meet China
drive right side up all of you guys are
driving right now drive right side up
thanks for letting us come to your place
and thanks for letting us visit with you
guys we sure appreciate you coming with
a guy and they don't zip dumpy you sure
love you it's good to see you we'll see
you next time
love you too
looking around well you guys stay safe
you guys have a good night okay okay
okay see you later
we're heading home now and we had a
really fun time see Grandma and Grandpa
and it was really kind of fun vlogging
them and seeing them in front of the
camera and how grandma just thought like
this whole she just thought it was
amazing what we were doing she thought
it was like the future yeah it kind of
follows her mind that you guys make
videos you you can wash these on the
internet like cuz she was a half and as
she oh no they don't have a computer
they don't have a tablet they don't have
a cell phone though they do have a cell
phone but they never use it
but the fact that we make videos and
post them online and thousands and
thousands of people of seeing
she can't comprehend it right now so
it's it's kind of crazy to tell her all
about what we do and yeah the impact
that we have can have it's pretty cool I
think take that with you guys as you go
throughout your day just be a little bit
nicer to your neighbor just be a little
bit nicer is all we're trying don't come
pooping on your neighbor's lawn no loop
into paper bag set up someone's porch
and light it on fire
lights flashing the light the lights
flashing what we got to go can you I
think there's no time yeah no time we
gotta go we got a surprise okay guys
literally it's washing I hope you guys
enjoyed seeing grandma grandpa I hope
you enjoyed their message and thanks for
coming along with us thanks for a
meeting grandma graf i know a lot of you
guys have met that before but we have a
lot of new guys so if you guys haven't
met them that was grandma grandpa and we
love them dearly and 94 years old to
live a good life that's the advice they
give i'm following it because they've
had a wonderful successful life and a
happy life so
have a wonderful day be nice to your
neighbor and we will see you guys in the
next video bye e
