this is exciting what are we doing we
are going to visit the fertility clinic
what you're not pregnant are you
no you're so handsome we're going to go
show you off to the people that helped
you get us here helped you get us here
wait take that switch around we're gonna
go show you off to the people who help
us get you here we are driving we're
going to go to a little barbecue reunion
that the Utah fertility centers putting
on and we're gonna go show off Jackson
cuz he's the cutest baby in the world
yeah did you guys see the video that we
made for them we'll link it down below
it was for Mother's Day and also
something huge and exciting that Jared
and I told Instagram and Twitter but so
you guys know I have my own channel now
what and even bigger I edited my first
video all by myself I imported it I edit
it
Jared put it up on YouTube for me
injured also put the intro on it for me
but I ended it all by myself
double wat isn't that awesome you guys
should be so proud of me I am so proud
of you Ellie yeah girl be so happy
so anyway I'm doing videos every Friday
and I'm gonna shoot for every Tuesday as
well so pretty much you're doing daily
vlogs like Monday through Friday from
holy cow how did we get here guys I
don't know check her video out I'll
leave it down below it's an awesome
video it's about this little guy right
here cuz he's so cute and handsome
you're so cute and handsome okay we
gotta go we're gonna be late yeah we are
here
and we've got our name tags and Jared is
signing a raffle
what's this raffle for Oh any of these
baskets that was theirs for I want this
one I want the cute one this is doctor
Paul he's made everything happen so and
he wants to meet Jackson so here is a
smile buddy
good job guys okay thank you so much
it's nice to meet you obviously were
with doctor dr. Conway and Brooke helped
us out a lot in the individual yeah I'm
so excited to see everyone that I'm not
filming anything at all this is Diane
she's making all this happen here so and
this is her son Jackson we know Jackson
so cool because he has the same name as
you so you you guys are you guys are
buddies already this is Harvick Jack
this is our little here just a little
bit yeah yeah go for it I mean he'll
smile a smile yeah he's a happy boy yeah
that is so fun there she is
do you think she remembers us haha are
you people how could you forget you saw
that camera she's not gonna make a feel
for the car she saw the camera she's
like oh I know who those guys are so
this is you it's good to see you this is
your little guy that you were pregnant
with when when we were gone another
thing what's his name um this is Colin
Oh Coco oh thank you yeah
four months yesterday yeah good like Oh
be prepared to not sleep and he is so
good last night he slept at home the
transition hasn't been too difficult
Jackson what is your secret life is been
so wonderful and like I couldn't be
happier like he's such a joy I was at
the youth hostility awareness event and
I'm standing there and somebody comes
running up to me and there they say hey
guys you know that can't be and then it
kind of got a ball rolling if you were
liking him and I told Jared when we got
the email from the Utah fertility clinic
and I when Jared said oh we got an email
I was like oh they're gonna get like
they're gonna say you got to take your
videos down like you know I just had no
idea and so they ended up saying oh we
really like it we want you to make a
montage so I would
I was a little bit horrifying oh my gosh
I was a walking house open it's great I
think you know anything that breaks
aware yeah community people a local
people all over our head
all over the country and they are
actually there it is I think whatever
helps people to go through the process
thank you yeah I think we definitely
came to the right place ah look at all
this food gotta get me some food
definitely pay for it this is a be here
with Ellie and I don't know if you guys
remember shabby it's kind of my
love-hate relationship no more blood
today yeah that's all AB she doesn't
have to take my blood okay wait I love
not having to get my blood taken that
was the worst of it all oh yeah I was
just gonna say I think that's the worst
part about everything that you did was
getting your blood taken oh there's a
divot of all the baby and of course
Jared found the one guy with a GoPro to
ask him a million questions he has what
I want it's this thing right here beside
me a baby
oh he's three and a half months any
happens yeah they're like the same age
nine women she she's so cute though he's
getting big like overnight like he got
really big overnight I'll take him out
yeah I'm glad I had the nerve myself if
you don't all go say hi for you how did
you find that video I don't know I think
I decided infertility and it ran out
here look dirty thing ha ha yeah so like
oh that's so cool
her name's Nora Nora I love that you
guys will be buddies whether you like it
or not she was
I think she's close to 19 pounds 19
pounds Wow
so what was she when she was born she's
eight eleven okay Wow
that's great she's you don't get the
full effect till you hold her and so
she's like whoa wow that's nice to meet
you thank you so much for stopping us
and we tell people I honestly we don't
run into a lot of people while we're
while we're filming but like we tell
people like if you see a stop looks like
I'm nervous but they told you to do it
yeah we're not like we're not kind of
IRA not be like oh we don't really want
to talk Thanks
to hear your story she has her TV shows
how cool was it the first time in terms
of oh wow
yeah they said that a so cool that is so
cool congratulations oh we want to
direct one draft please
I love it haha that is cool so I'm a
windy here what are you doing Jack we're
here with Mike and he's telling us a
little bit about what they've gone
through and everything so go ahead and
tell us your story a little bit we
started trying to having kids and after
about seven years we after trying a
number of different things we finally
made it to dr. Faulk and yeah trying in
vitro this little girl got here but she
was a separate struggle and trial she
was all she is a triplet they had their
cords tangled at 22 23 weeks and we lost
them in utero then after another five
weeks they all came at the same time and
she spent 12 weeks in the NICU so work
was I was telling Karen in Italy we're
part of a few different clubs yeah I'm
not sure if you can tell in the video
but she has the most beautiful I've ever
seen so thank you yeah yeah thank you so
much and we'll check out your your your
channel yeah that'd be great thank you
ready to take a big group picture
everyone's gathering around there in the
playhouse for you to get out there and
everything so I can talk what should we
do should we stand up in the back and
jump show you all Jackson like Simba can
I know Jackson I'll just hold him up
there you go
we're getting ready to take the picture
this is Jared stay on because we're
clear in the back we want Jackson to be
in this picture so we're gonna lift him
high high and proud buddy ready okay one
two three one two three now they want
the babies up high oh look how beautiful
that is
look everyone hold their babies up oh my
god that's precious
that's really cute that's really cute
you see all those babies so this is the
setup they have going right here these
are pretty cool is it old fur balls
right here
don't touch him dead cats dead cats I
like him a little bit better now we have
one last stop we have to go see our
favorite nurse her name is Brooke and I
don't think that she knows we're
expecting either yeah we just trying to
get everybody pregnant in that office
don't he is oh yeah what's in the water
um Jackson Clark yeah yeah the Jackson
clothes he's cute thank you that was
exciting this was exciting we gotta be
quiet
Jackson is asleep we had such a good
time at the Lowell reunion it was a lot
of fun seeing all of the babies all of
the parents all the doctors everyone who
helped make such an impact on so many
people's lives it was really fun getting
to talk with everybody and hearing
everybody's experiences we got to talk
with a couple people on camera and talk
about their experiences and it just was
really fun I hope you guys enjoyed going
back to the fertility clinic with us and
meeting everybody and seeing what an
uplifting atmosphere that it was for us
Ellie's resting so she's got to get some
tic-tacs think your breath hey mochi hi
you guys for watching I I really had a
really good day Jackson's asleep
see you later guys I've got to go to the
bathroom thanks for coming along with us
thank you so much for all the support
and love that you guys have given us and
we hope that we were able to do the same
in return have a wonderful day and we'll
see you guys in the next video and go
check out my own channel there will be
another video up on Tuesday bye
you
