good morning good morning everyone today
is a new day but today seems like it's
gonna be a great day something in the
air that makes me feel that things are
gonna go my way Jackson I've been
cuddling all morning do you mind
wiping me up a little bit Jared
seriously well welcome to motherhood let
me grab a towel for you here okay guys
here's the sitch the situation is today
is a typical day of Jared knives life
Jared is off to work now and I am home
with the sweet babe and our house is a
disaster
yesterday we filmed a Mother's Day video
and we posted it today and last night
Jared my Skyped with Bryan and Missy and
Bryan was so helpful with the lighting
he was even so helpful despite that
Jared won the hair off competition did
you guys see that on Instagram go look
at it's really cool but anyway Bryan was
really sweet he helped us but we have a
disaster do you think we need to invest
in better lighting we're using chairs
and lamps and stuff but my house is a
disaster the kitchen is a mess but my
mom would be proud of me
at least my bed is made my bed is made
but my room is a disaster so Jackson's
asleep my job is to get the house clean
before he gets up and then Jackson's
gonna help me with a little chore a
little bit later do you guys want to see
it I'm sure you do come along and we are
clean
the house looks much better one last
thing to do the laundry medium warm
regular and we are done
okay guys to tell you the truth today
was supposed to be a vlog about the day
in my life and yesterday Utah fertility
center that Jeremy went to wanted Jared
and I to make a video for their online
web page they were really inspired by
our videos and so yesterday as we were
doing that I was going through emails
and I was reading your guys's emails and
Jackson is asleep and I was sitting here
and I just could not help but get
emotional because all of her emails are
very emotional to us they're very
in-depth they're very personal but one
particular stood out to me and after I
read it I thought I'm not going to do a
day in my life because I really wanted
to read this poem and the day in the
life video is going to be very different
aside from just vlogging and so I really
wanted to read this email and the email
I was contacting and asking her if I
could read um this poem that she wrote
and her name is her username is loved
for five-10
she has PCOS she's been following us
since January she's in her 30s and she's
been trying to have a baby and because
it's Mother's Day I wanted to read her
poem I hope that you guys like it
because maybe I was just emotional at
the time but I just thought it was
really special
it goes happy Mother's Day three words
that mean so much to some three words
that others would do anything to hear
some of us suffer silently I sometimes
want to scream to let the world know
know my feelings so many have no idea
what this feels like no idea what I'm
experiencing but you do nobody knows how
much we want to hear those three words
some of us thought this would be the
year this year to hear those words those
precious words well I have three words
for you God loves you
on this day tomorrow the day after
and the day after that this Mother's Day
I can't tell you to not be sad I know
you are I am too I am thinking about you
all of you who are experiencing what I
am
I pray that one day you will hear those
three words those three precious words
but today hear these words God loves you
your family loves you your friends love
you I do too I won't tell you not to cry
today I know you will I will too but I
will remember today God loves me my
family loves me and my friends love me
and I love myself and those are the
words I will hear from myself today
sorry I cried I tried not to but the
reason like I really like that bond and
I really liked that you guys feel that
you are so connected with Jared and I
that you would share such personal
information and and I think just because
Mother's Day is coming I didn't want to
do a day in my life because it's
Mother's Day and it's in it special but
on the other hand some people have a
really hard time with it and Missy from
Brian and Missy the daily bumps Missy is
doing a Mother's Day collage and it is
going to be spectacular and it is going
up on Friday so make sure to look for
her on Friday we put our Mother's Day
tribute up today actually and it just I
feel like it's kind of Christmas where
it's like the spirit is in the air like
everybody is just happy the the flowers
are out the sun is shining and there are
a lot of people sad this year and it's
okay to be sad but something that Jared
and I have always thought about and
something that I've always thought about
because I never I didn't always know it
was going to be hard to get pregnant but
the Mother's Day that I wasn't married
and I was at church with my family
they recognized all the women it doesn't
matter if you have babies or not like
you are a woman and all of you have a
lawn you may be adopted you may not know
who your mom is
but all of us have a mom so we can
celebrate Mother's Day and
it's going to be hard for a lot of you
and I'm really sorry about that and I
just I've been touched a lot about you
guys lately and I just wanted you guys
to know that when Jackson wakes up early
from his nap I'm always like ah you're
supposed to sleep longer and then when
he has a good nap I'm like I'm bored and
I want my baby to be awake should we go
take a peek on him he should be waking
up any minute so I may wake him up but
we'll go look at it
somebody's awake and they're not crying
honey are you awake you took a good nap
okay Jackson we are in the bathroom what
is the one thing that you do twice a
year in the bathroom go what do you do
no it's not floss your teeth twice a
year in the bathroom at least in my
household we clean out the drain I've
got my tools in my bag and Jackson's
here for moral support because sometimes
you dry-heave because it's like stink so
bad what do you do first righty tighty
lefty loosey right don't want to lose
that we've got my nice little tools you
have been warned if you do not want to
see what post-partum does to a person
don't watch the next clip don't done dog
sick
oh my hair's falling out is that gross
that is so gross Jackson we got to make
a Mother's Day card for Grandma should
we get going on it
I'm home it's way after nine o'clock and
you're finally home um can I tell you
something uh
yes I love the smell of rain like it was
raining outside and just that smell in
the air
mmm so fish no spell it smells so good
well now that jared is home and it is
late I'm going to say goodbye and
goodnight and I want to I don't know I
don't need to apologize I guess today
was just a very low-key not planned vlog
it was just kind of a hey how are you
doing this is what we're doing today me
and Jackson just hung out a home like we
always do the Utah fertility clinic
invited us to the first annual baby
reunion so they invited us to come be
there and they asked us to make a video
which I'm sure some of you guys have
seen but we're going to go there on
Saturday and have this big reunion with
all the babies that they helped get here
so I think that'll be pretty funny kind
of us kind of invited us as like guests
of honor because of all the things that
we've done on our YouTube channel but
now one of the things that they they
sent us like a memo today on what they
were sending out to the media I guess a
press release a press release I think
it's going out to a bunch of companies
and emails and Facebook stuff but it
said the YouTube sensations Jared and
Ellie are going to be at this picnic
party we're going to have sensations is
really good I think
really cool and I don't know I felt
really good about it and Jenna and I
made that little video if you guys
didn't see it willing that down below
but it was really tender it was very
sweet we just said what was in our
hearts and it really turned out to be
really good it was very heartfelt and
we've been loving reading all your
guys's comments like I said earlier you
guys have invested your time and your
life and to us and it means a lot and
that's why we invest our time in our
life out so people can see it's just a
cool community we really love it if you
guys have seen it or have you haven't
like I said is canoeing tumble Oh watch
it and share it with someone that you
guys feel needs to hear the message it's
very short it's less than 2 minutes long
but I feel like the message is really
powerful and it comes from our hearts
like it's it's real it's us and when
when Jared said sometimes the best
destinations have the longest journey
you know when we are going through
editing we were just like where'd that
come from like it really like Jared Mudd
I feel like he was inspired to say that
and that's gonna be like our new family
motto or our new family saying him I'm I
haven't really been in this video so
it's probably really boring so I'm
really sorry guys it really is I don't
know I don't know how this video is
going to turn out but you guys know us
you know that you'll see us every Monday
and Wednesday we're working hard and
we're having fun and we really
appreciate you guys your guys's love and
support towards us so have a wonderful
night have a wonderful weekend you guys
will see us one more time before
Mother's Day so keep your chins up smile
and we'll see you guys in the next video
bye bye buddy
