one year ago we got a phone call that
would change our lives forever
hi messages for Ellie Ellie duplicate
people to use our facilities Emma um we
got your library book back
I knew trying to get pregnant would be
hard but I didn't think you'd be as hard
as it actually was over the course of
two and a half years Jared and I met
with a doctor I did seven rounds with
Clubman and Jared and I had several
tests done
all to find out we were getting nowhere
it was really hard for us physically and
emotionally I remember there were nights
that we would read other people's
successes and it would just make us feel
so empty inside that we worked you know
quite there we didn't have it and we
wanted it so bad it was just so hard for
us it was really nice to have each other
to lean on when one of us was filling
down the other was right there to
support us in pick us back up we created
a support group with just the two of us
we decided to document our journey
because we felt like we didn't have many
people to relate to by doing this we
were able to give hope to others and
actually in return we it gave us hope -
we knew other people were and still are
going through some very difficult times
but sometimes the best destinations have
the longest journeys sometimes your path
may lead you in a direction you never
thought but the most important thing
that we learned together was to stay on
the path and never give up never lose
hope
we got your library book back and they
were positive congratulations
to all those past and present future and
hopeful happy Mother's Day
