now that Jackson is not crying in his
sleeve we got him packed up and ready to
go are you excited but you're so excited
that you scratch cheek ok let's go where
are we gonna go babycakes I think we are
going to go to what's called the tulip
festival it is here just a little bit
aways from town and we're gonna go check
it out but it's really windy today and I
makes just to see how we like it up
there tiptoe through the tulips doo dee
doo that's all I know we're gonna tip to
forget to forget it we're gonna toot
through the tuna are you to tiptoe
through the tulips it should be really
fun Jarrod keeps nagging at me you can
rent a Segway you can rent a Segway in
or go-kart or a golf cart so I'm like
le1 we need to do a Segway - we need to
do a golf cart so one of those obviously
right and they said three or we can just
walk with our feet but our feet is not
as fun we haven't been feeling well
actually today is the first day that we
feel pretty good but yesterday was done
we got the bug at our house and we were
feeling well and little Jackson is such
a trooper he had the little bug even
before his eyes Jackson had the bug even
before we did and I didn't even realize
that he had it cuz he was such a happy
boy I just thought he was spitting up a
whole crap-ton but he was like throwing
up so we got him to the doctor we got
you some medicine and now you're all
better let's go toot through the tulips
we just pulled
up and it looks empty the tea which is
good but looks really windy - I've never
been here
I haven't never been here either I'm
excited to go in the Segway Jared we're
not doing the Segway um I mean no I
promise I'm not controlling but no not
we just don't need we're gonna walk as a
family and enjoy our time together off
of a Segway one thing that I was
thinking of while Ellie and I were
eating lunch is whenever we're eating I
always have to take drinks throughout my
meal and Ellie like never will take a
drink children at the very end of her
meal so I was thinking do other people
have anything like that do you guys do
you guys have to drink as you go
throughout the meal or does it just do
you drink at the end of the meal that is
funny
yeah I've never noticed about us that
like I have to sip as I go yeah but my
duty they let me on then take a drink
when I'm done yeah and then you're done
that's it I think is it you're supposed
to drink a cup before you eat and then a
cup after you eat and not during feeding
sorry I'm not talking because I was
gonna head on this guy's not letting us
go already it looks pretty good why do
we need a chair go home
I put Jack's on me because Jared got his
way yeah oh I didn't get the Segway but
I got the cold okay
should we ride yep that's right into the
sunset my dear behind the seat up behind
the ceiling you gotta drive straight if
I'm getting the GoPro iid go pro lookout
pretty bad those guys actually that is
really pretty that's gorgeous
I feel better I want to like pick one
and give it to you why don't we take a
picture okay
cities let's take a picture you guys
would not believe this we're finding
dirty laundry everywhere someone left
their sock if you guys don't know we're
talking about go watch our Moab trip the
two part one go watch it I love that
Jackson loves to be cuddled because it
makes it that much more fun to go out
and about because he just likes you need
a cuddle one that's so fun how pretty is
this oh I cannot believe that I have
lived that we have lived here for
several years and we've never been up
here I've heard about it the tulip
festival they just have tons of
different patches and this is kind of
like the area where Jared proposed to me
he proposed up in Washington if you guys
haven't seen that how we met video it's
will link that down below too so you can
watch it but Jared proposed to me in a
field full of flowers where one field
was one set of flowers kind of like this
I'm on the back and we're on our way
hey why are you stuffing Oh
I've decided that Jared and I need to be
on a commercial for toothpaste or
something because we just got two
compliments on how nice Jared nice teeth
are little do they know I always get
cavities every time I go to the dentist
I never knew that you had to water a
fake fake flower oh man oh man the GoPro
footage is going through the roof we're
getting the waterproof case because
we're gonna look at some fish I think
the fish think that Jared's gonna feed
them what they think that it's food you
fancy some chicory lady onesie some
chickens
creepers where did you get those papers
well we have to hurry up we're halfway
through Jackson's gonna make up an e so
we gotta hurry but first let me let me
take a selfie the fragrance garden this
looks exactly like the area that Jared
proposed to me everyone turn on your
smell Oh vision it really does smell
really good
okay the next one turn your sniffer up
guys it's the rule that's why they call
the fragrances because the restroom is
right there guys I found a rabbit this
looks really pretty what are we gonna do
in this one
well flap our wings like in a butterfly
that's so pretty
I want to backyard full of flowers are
you guys having fun on this little
flower trip with us is this fun I know I
am I'm having lots of fun I told you I
had the good the golf cart was worth it
it's actually been really nice because
there's acres and acres and acres so
it's actually good for Jarrod tip and
it's actually been nice not tough to
walk wow this is so cool look how cool
this is I hope I don't drop you guys in
I wish I could like jump off of it
there's a tunnel do you think the water
will chocolate factories I think our
little trip is coming to an end and now
the wind has stopped so I don't know if
all of the footage we got it was
horrible cuz it was windy I don't know
but we're taking one last picture and
then we are going on it I think they
have a little gift shop would be fun
just to go browse and then maybe we'll
grab something to eat we'll see what
Jarrod decides to do it's his date that
he's taking me on it's a surprise but I
bet involves food ok guys I'm not sure
if this was the best idea but I let
Ellie take over the wheel there's the
first mistake just push the gas and
we'll drive okay I've got a hold on real
quick hold on
be quiet le don't hit those people she's
too short to push the gas all the way
down hi hi buddy
hey you're so happy you did so good
today huh do you like that cuz you're a
little boy you like those sounds huh
that's my boy so this is the story all
about how my shirt got dirty from a
Slurpee I'd like to take a minute just
sit right there tell you how I went to
the post office to check the PIO box
I've got some things and stuff all right
well guys shall we show you what we've
been doing for the past couple hours
drum roll please we rearranged our room
slightly mostly just the bed if you guys
don't remember the bed was against that
wall and we move it against that wall we
have the desk at a slight angle so in
the future someone who may make their
own YouTube channel can film with a
somewhat decent backdrop which is this
dresser and everything like that that's
all for tonight I hope you guys enjoy
going to the flower gardens with us and
everything we're gonna go see you later
the backyard it's so time to say goodbye
there's no time to say subscribe it's
the battery died yeah it doesn't matter
you know they know we care about them we
love them so much they know that we
appreciate them watching they know that
we read the comments all of the time but
we tried respond we respond to most of
them we do our best hi good bye okay
I'll go to the gas station get a treat
you edit the vlog
give me a dr. pepper
