good morning mmm wake up put on some
makeup
why don't you try go ahead and Paulo
little makeup you wanted to gotta let
alone oh you want to mmm let's go get
Jackson he's cuter
Jackson's been doing this really cute
thing when he wakes up in the mornings
he doesn't cry he just lays there
employees and we'll see if he'll give us
a smile
hi honey
are you just awake and playing are you
just playing what are you doing oh now
you can kick now you can kick those
little frog legs whew excuse you bless
you this novel time yes ah time to eat
huh
good claw the claw is coming to get you
hmm I love this kid what's up everybody
Jackson you looking so sharp in your
church clothes yes you are are you gonna
be my headlights every time the camera
comes out are you gonna smile at all
come on dude give us a smile yeah there
you go
mommy there we are behind the scenes I
want to show you guys our sweet shut up
Ellie what are we filming for right now
I don't know if you guys saw but Missy
Lanning did a wonderful Mother's Day
video last year and it was really
touching and this year she wants to get
other people involved and so she is
asking people to submit videos for it so
she's gonna pick and choose some videos
that she wants so we are going to enter
to try and be in her little video so I
want to show you guys our sweet setup
here that we've got we've got some high
production value stuff going on right
here guys look at that boot look at this
this is our light setup number one look
at that stand that is not going anywhere
look how legit that is guys that is too
legit we have such a cool setup we
should be like producers for people we
really should be in Hollywood
because I mean just look at that setup
right there we've got chairs we've got a
bench we've got look at this this is a
tripod there are three legs
that's a tripod right there Elaine can
you believe that
damage fry pod this is our second set of
lights right here I am that's my
favorite high production value stuff
going on right here but look at that
boot that man we're legit we are so
legit
in fact we are too legit but now because
we're too legit we must now quit name
that movies I do this and look at his
eyes when I do it Jackson look I've been
singing it to Jackson ah I looked out
the window and what did I see popcorn
popping hey forgot to look at his eyes
he's like ah Oh spring has sprung me
such a nice surprise
popcorn pop right before my eyes what a
cutie so funny
okay the battery's gonna die I've got to
get a new one we're off to church and we
have to change Jackson because you just
spit up everywhere all over the place
and so you're not wearing your church
outfit no more excited for church huh
you are oh are you huh you like Church
do you get hungry during church who
brings snacks to church Ellie does and a
nice nice um but huh because I like to
eat snacks right I don't think you have
to have kids just so you can bring
snacks to church I'm always bringing
snacks to church what yeah I'd be in the
blog it's actually true we should
probably film him a little bit more
because he's got a cuter face and I do
yeah goodbye dad goodbye mom why can I
not push the red button I want to keep
filming you do something cute oh that's
cute that'll do let's go come on George
what in the world are you doing with
that ketchup right there I don't know if
this is going to be good
ketchup in a cup
but it's a new recipe we're trying what
are you making I'm the best wife ever
barbecue chicken that's my fave that's
my favorite food I love me some chicken
ha ha ha corn dogs corn dogs
my parents have the best barbecue sauce
like they make this barbecue chicken
that is so good it's so sweet I'm
salivating just thinking about it and I
have no idea how they make it I need to
find out how could they know just is
this the recipe I think it's the exact
recipe but your mom uses the apricot
preserves don't tell the secret oh it's
a simile oh my gosh the Meachem family
secret like yeah if that's been revealed
Helle what are we gonna do we have week
we can't pass it down now it's not a
secret well it's because we love
everyone so much you want them to know
this is good it's actually kind of fun
easing the family it's actually kind of
funny my uncle who lives here next to us
him and my dad argue over who has the
correct
Meachem barbecue chicken recipe so it's
it's really funny to hear don't know no
I have the right one so I actually think
we should have a taste test sometimes
see who actually has the best me hungry
barbecue chicken gosh dang it - why I
broke ah this is hilarious it gosh dang
it I gone for my wedding I got these
Corral plates I have broken every single
cup I've broken every single Bowl so I
thought you know what I'm gonna order
these indestructible plastic bowls I
just flip it broke it you broke the
unbreakable bowl only you could do that
ha ha ha
I'm so mad don't we've got a few more
though it's some big girl yeah a few
that's kind of funny
that is hilarious Ellie
bamp and a fan man for the field that
looks so good
I'm super excited I got I'm super
excited to eat it mmm - OH - Oh check
check food ugh ugh ugh ugh boom hey what
I won in the comments said when we were
driving to our little vacation in Moab
someone's like Jared your Dancing's
really good what about mine I was really
like rocking it yeah you're a really
good dancer I thought I was really good
dancer but we got to eat but first we
gotta take a selfie let me take a selfie
I just I just took a bite of the chicken
and I think it's probably the best meal
that I've ever cooked tell me what you
think honest opinion really good yeah I
don't put all over my mouth okay sorry
guys hey eloquently okay guys here's the
situation Ellie and I have been racking
our brains for the past few weeks trying
to figure out something that we can do
no Ellie and I are trying to figure out
a design a logo an emblem or something
now we can put on stuff t-shirts mugs
onesies that represent that identifies
and represents us and we have no idea
what to do we are at a loss other than
teeth yeah I'm like my teeth and
eyebrows are angry I rather dig deep we
have no idea what to do so we have a
question for you guys do you have any
recommendations or thoughts on what we
should do for a design or
for a logo or something that we can vote
like on a t-shirt let us know in the
comment section below if you guys have
any like ideas that you want to draw out
or anything send it to this email below
and we will take a look at them and let
you guys know what we think if we choose
your guys's design we will send you a
free whatever we decide to put it on if
we choose your design then you guys will
get a free something that we put it on
so send us emails let us know in the
comment section below what you think we
should do does anybody else ever want to
wake their kids up because they sleep so
long and they miss them I like Miss
Jackson I just want to wake him up he's
been sleeping forever but it's Sunday
and Sundays are always a rough day
because when we're at church he doesn't
get like an actual nap and then he kind
of gets cranky because we're holding him
the whole time and so I guess we'll let
him sleep boo I think it's great that
he's sleeping this long though I know
he's probably good a nap I'm proud of
him for taking such a good nap that's my
boy that's my boy now you're gonna wake
him up you spaz I posted the picture on
Instagram of our dinner but today was
like a momentous day because it's taken
me seriously five years to make this
Jared's always wanting barbecue chicken
and I just never get it right and I
think today it was probably the best and
I'm reading the comments and I'm
laughing
hallelujah le hallelujah those look so
good you should make a video on how to
cook it because I love barbecued chicken
that would be a fun video to do actually
a food video would you guys want me to
do like meals that I make I don't make
anything grand but a couple of them I do
you know what we should do what we
should make your own youtube channel
where you do that kind of stuff where
you do like beauty and makeup and mommy
stuff and cooking stuff what you guys
want to see that kind of stuff would you
if if we made another channel for Ellie
would you guys subscribe to it I want to
show you guys something here this is in
the works right now Sean
and part that's it so this is the
channel art that you'd see but it you
wouldn't see everything you would just
be this border right there what do you
guys think does that look pretty good
it's just so it's just in process we'll
see what happens you're crazy boy Li do
you promise not to hate me
yeah I'm literally the worst at scooping
out pie oh it looks like garbage but I
guess if you're eating it like it all
goes down the same way right it's all
the same right it's all in the same Jan
just the same way too huh that's all
guys that's all she wrote thank you guys
so much for watching hope you had a
wonderful time if you guys liked the
video what do you do le you thumbs it up
and one more thing I'm sorry I keep
talking but thank you guys so much for
all the love you did for our little
family vacation if you have not seen it
as probably other than Jackson being
born is probably our best falafel Phil
Mogg la what was that
filler flog is pry our best vlog that we
have so go watch our trip that we went
to Moab it's a two-parter it's a
two-parter so there's partner 13 I was
about to go part 1 and part 2 part 1 be
sure to watch part 1 guys okay we'll see
you guys later thanks for watching guys
bye bye
you
