guess what two days it's Monday that
means a new video new video is going up
right now
Jared's doing the annotations but Jared
there's Jared this is the first time I
caught you Jared
huh Jackson there's something that we
need to do
are you ready Jackson you lead lead
hahahaha happy birthday to you happy
birthday to you happy birthday dear
daddy happy birthday to you Thank You
Jackson you did such a good job leading
that it was beautiful yeah buggery I you
did today is a wonderful day my birthday
was on Saturday Easter was yesterday and
now it is Jared's birthday we are
celebrating all day long we usually
celebrate all month long it's been
really fun you want to talk again you
keep huffing and puffing over here we
had a wonderful week and I have
something planned for Jared and I
usually how our birthday weekend works
since we've been married is one year
Jared we'll plan our birthdays the next
year I'll plan our birthdays so this
year it's my turn and I am planning
something really fun and really exciting
and I haven't told Jared what we're
doing yet he may have already assumed
our guests do have an idea at all you
can tell me the truth I have been
hinting to LA to go see Captain America
but we're not gonna go to I know that
that's for sure I told Ellie's neighbors
what I thought what we're gonna do I
think we're gonna go to that skydiving
place yes five years ago that is when
Jared and I were kind of starting to
fall in love Jared had reconstructive
hip surgery three times three times and
he came up to Utah to get the surgery
for his birthday he wanted to go to the
skydiving place it's called I fly and
you pay a crap ton of money and you'll
only get a fly for two minutes and so we
didn't do it because it was
so much money we had the whole family
together only one person would go yeah
so whatever ethical like it wasn't a
practical thing for the family to do for
my birthday so we went bowling instead
which was a lot of fun yeah and so this
year I thought okay five years ago he
wanted to do this I would really love to
go skydiving but that's not gonna happen
right now Jackson would not be able to
keep up with us no no and so that is
what we're gonna do I'm so excited
good one of my biggest dreams is to fly
ever do you guys have something that you
wish you could do all of the time I wish
I could swim underwater like and breathe
underwater underwater I wish I could fly
and I've always wanted to go skydiving
because of that skydiving is like my
dream and I think this is like the
closest thing that and that's why I pole
vault it is because I always wanted to
fly and I think that's the closest thing
I could get to it but I think this is
one step closer I'm getting there I'm
getting close to flying let's get ready
and we'll go party I've got to upload
this video happy birthday love thank you
grandma go babysit you today yes oh yeah
yes you have to we might laugh we might
not huh you might just play might stay
up all hours of the night and have fun
already and eat pizza and watch movies
that looks fun be a good boy for Grandma
we are almost to the place but I wanted
to show you guys where we got married we
got married at that temple that is where
we got married isn't it beautiful looks
like a castle they are completely
redoing it right now they just remodeled
it and so it won't be open for I think
several more months but that's her Jared
and I got married kind of special hunt I
worked in the ice cream shop right
across the street from it for a couple
years and Jared came in when we were
dating I thought it would be kind of fun
cuz I was up from school so I travelled
to come visit her but she was at work so
I brought my ukulele I came into the
ice-cream shop and I started playing my
ukulele and I sang her a love song well
I was scooping ice cream everyone in the
ice cream shop thought that it was
really cute so you have lots of fun
memories down here let's go fly Jared
for your 26th birthday I'm gonna sweep
you off your feet just like I did a nice
shop but actually it's gonna be a big
wind turbine that throws you up in here
awesome let's go fly I'm gonna fly I'm
gonna fly Ellie this is my dream come
true I'm gonna fly in the sky up so high
you can't deny let's go for Jared and I
are waiting for our turn and I'm really
nervous I'm gonna like fly and hit my
head on the side of the wall
like knowing me my little like under
pump body is going to go flying it into
the wall I'm really nervous it's like
Charlie the chocolate factory if you
look up there there's a big fan that's
gonna if you don't fur you're gonna get
yeah
you
you just got out and look how ratted my
hair is did you have fun Ellie is a pro
at flying I don't know if you guys know
that when they were throwing us up like
when the guy was flying with us we were
going so fast like our face was red
there was not like all over my nose did
you have that well I didn't like that
because I could not breathe I was up
there thinking I got it I got to get
down I could not breathe
I was nervous I thought it was I thought
it was awesome but I was like oh geez it
was crazy
my hair's a rat's nest we are so hungry
now we are gonna eat at food guys five
guys what we're in and out it's better
but I lied five guys was pretty dang
good
I'm so sorry for saying the in and out
was my favorite it kind of still is but
five guys is pretty good I think they're
both awesome hamburger places I don't
think you'll go wrong with either place
my mom just texted me I thought you guys
might want to see I says take your time
mama grandma and I are having lots of
fun with a picture of little Jackson
smiling oh so grandma says to take my
time and I think we were going to go out
longer we were gonna do rock climbing
and stuff too but it doesn't open till
2:00 and that's lame cuz it's not even
close to two yeah and I don't want to be
gone all day and leave Jack Smith
grandma all day I miss him already is uh
I hope they have never left him very
long and like I'm ready to see you
we've only been gone for like an hour I
told I miss him flowers I miss him too
he he is a fun boy to be around he is a
good little boy this is a birthday
celebration for Bo chair tonight it just
it's so fun to just be together to go do
something together
and Jade really wants to go see Captain
America the megaplex is literally right
there that's as far as we'd have to go
to see a movie that's all but we have a
son at home who needs us
right or you just little I I just I
think then you know what I think it is I
think she needs him
Ellie needs to it's true Matt's that
usually me we have some friends on our
way home that we may stop by and maybe
me and my friend will stay home with the
babies and Jared and his friend I'll go
watch the movie I don't know but that's
what I'm hoping we'll see I'm sorry I'm
a party pooper don't you know that you
can't do this to me you have no right to
poop on my party if anyone can name that
band I will be very very impressed okay
look it up but here's a question that I
want to ask you guys as we were eating
Ellie and I were eating french fries and
everything I said Ellie do you
double-dip like your french fries I can
catch up and everything are you a double
dipper and Ellie is a double dipper and
what I was thinking I was like sometimes
that can be really gross but with Ellie
I will totally double dip
I'll double dip with you any day of the
week I like I won't double dip with like
friends and strangers but family members
I'm meeting with strangers anyway haha
oh why would you definitely don't like
she look like strangers about like
acquaintances that's been like people
you don't know super well like double
dipping to me is a really big sign of
trust if you can double dip with someone
you trust that person so well to eat
from the same thing that they are eating
well this conversations going a little
south I'll double dip with you any day
of the week because I trust you and I
love you and we are in this together and
that is my sign of showing that I love
you his double deaf double dipping with
you I love you I love you oh happy five
years recovery from reconstructive hip
surgery he had to learn to ReWalk and
today
flew and I love you I love you too it
was funny I actually remember the day I
had an old old Palm Treo for a phone and
the day that I walked for the first time
after my reconstructive hip surgery I
was outside and I took a video of it and
send it to Ellie because I was in
Washington State my hometown but I sent
it to Ellie because I was so excited
that I could walk again
I remember we should we really need to
find that i'll see if i got cuz i think
we've got the phone still we might still
have it
congratulations on being able to walk
old man and 28 vick and being able to
fly if i can fly it 26 imagine what I
can do at 30 time for us to go see a
movie so see you later - ladies US men
are gonna go do some man stuff
what later losers
me and Sean are about to go eat some red
meat we don't know when we'll be home
brah
okay bye Ellie well we just got out of
the movie I thought it was really good
what do you think John sweet yeah great
I am such a nerd for action movies like
that I all the Marvel movies I think of
then awesome well I'm kind of bummed
that and we didn't get to see all of the
cool action-adventure amazing stuff
here's a secret and I Ellie's gonna get
mad at me and she'll probably not want
to keep this in Ellie talks during
movies and it drives me crazy she talks
to me she's like Jared what's going on I
don't know I know exactly the same thing
that you do or what we're engaging this
at the same exact time I have no
knowledge about this more than you do
well maybe a little bit because of right
but not enough to know to say anything
I'm just kidding Ellie I love you okay I
really enjoy going to see the movies
with you it's one of our favorite
activities so I'm sorry but seriously
stop talking during movies we've got to
go get some food because they're hungry
they've been texting us where are you we
want food
we're hungry so I think we're gonna go
eat Costa Vita yeah shunk will you vlog
for me for a second I do not yeah I
don't want to vlog and drive or AP first
kids yes so one we were in Costa Vita
there was this guy who was ahead of us
and he didn't even order anything but he
went up to a girl and said hey can I
have your number can I have it
ask the girl for her number
and I got to thinking is that something
that you guys would ever do would you
ever go up to a stranger and ask for
their number just out of the blue he
didn't even order anything I think he
was just going around seeing how many
numbers he could get or something like
that let me know in the comments below
if you guys would do that if you would
just go up to some stranger and ask for
their number yeah keep the camera on me
Shawn I've got a few things to say I
think I'm the type of person that would
do that I when I was in college that is
type this the type of thing that I would
do when I'm with a bunch of friends if I
thought the girl was cute and someone's
like do Jedi I dare you to ask for her
number I would do it right then and
there and I would call her and I would
take her out to a nice dinner and I
would call her again the difference
between Jared and the other guys the
girl would actually want him to call her
because we asked her and she said that
she was hoping he wouldn't call yeah and
I was like oh snap that's that and then
we asked why like why wouldn't you want
him to call you because he's old
and I was like oh that's weird how old
do you think he is oh my gosh like 20 or
something I was like ah my heart it's my
birthday I just heard 26 may I ask very
politely how old how old are you I know
it's a very rude thing to ask was just
around the topic of age how old are you
oh I'm 16 ah I'm 10 years older than you
I like oh man I know 26 is not old
26 is not old at all but I felt all
right then and there when she said she
was 16 I felt really old
I'm getting gray hair guys we used to
love me when I'm great shout out to
Austin and Britney Yolo so you probably
can see I'm having like a quarter life
crisis I am getting older what makes you
younger squeeze it
do you remember squeeze its oh my gosh
they're the coolest things ever and we
all have squeeze it's partying 26 years
old with squeezes you know that's right
Wow I feel like a kid again after a
soccer game you know you get the squeeze
it's in the treats yeah well I'm 26
years old it's my birthday today guys
and that's all we've had three straight
days of videos and I hope you guys liked
our friends we've got a nice Shawn Lissa
yeah over at their place thank you guys
for watching I hope you enjoyed thumbs
up for Jeremy's birthday this weekend
and if you would like feel free to
subscribe subscribe already why haven't
you please for our birthdays my birthday
and Ellie's birthday cuz it was on
Saturday okay thanks for watching bye
