good morning good morning good morning
good morning how did you guys sleep all
through the night all through the night
it was gory us on our king-size bed its
mess don't look we are gonna go have
breakfast what are you gonna have are
you gonna have bacon and eggs you like
you like them scrambled like I'm
scrambled and you like umm cooked a
little bit longer than normal a little
burnt look at him just look at himself
in the mirror is that what he's doing
here Vegas like it's like yeah how I'm
good
I look good I look good what in the
world is that you can't huh it was so
loud the violin just put Jackson down to
sleep oh darn it there's a fire but
there's a fire let's go whoa wait wait
wait it stopped it stopped what do we do
oh crap I just look away baby crap to be
honest that's the second time it's gone
off and it only went for like 10 seconds
better it's real it's like everyone get
the freak out of here wake up and get
out of our hotel right now what is the
number-one rule about checking out of a
hotel you have to go through every
single outlet and drawer and make sure
you didn't leave anything so elevate our
or 5 or 6 or 10 times yeah you've got to
make sure this has got to be official
because if you're driving a long ways
away there's no coming back
check all the outlets I'll check all the
drawers ok I don't think we put anything
the drawers but someone else sure did
those are not yours oh go and they're
huge don't touch those put those back
yeah that's so it's extra large which is
fine but it's it was like a man so does
this mean that at this hotel
they truly don't check everything and
like wipe everything down
they might clean the sheets but they
might not check everything that's my
team that is gross okay let's get out of
here this is exciting
this is exciting that's like
well good job Jackson we made it to the
parking lot of the delicate arch and you
pooped your pants the good thing he did
it now instead of like on the trail but
at this rate we'll probably have three
blowouts the way he's been going well
I'm just happy to say that you're
pooping doesn't matter how much you
wiggle and dance the last drop always
ends up in your pants it's true it's in
your pants
I don't like it I just like a little
mommy to my face
Oh let's go hiking we are all here we
are just starting the hike this is a
TARDIS exciting journey are out of I got
to shave and so we decided to hike this
grand hike this weekend out No
I'm Marty this is how much we've done is
not too late okay we did one pass
another stretch we can do this I think
you guys are gonna be pretty excited
before we get there
okay first let's breathe Jackson I am
disappoint we drove all the way to Moab
see the delicate arch and you sleep come
on son just a point I am disappointed
internet joke Ellie oh gosh can't you
get it caught up with the beams y'all
I'm learning here Jude and I like to
joke about
oh how this hike is so hard it's really
then because I'm out of breath it's been
really enjoyable actually the hike
together and just to kind of like see
the world around us but this next part
actually kind of looked hard okay see oh
I think the hardest part of the hike is
this part and then the very last run the
hardest part is just because it's such
an incline it's just straight
oh there's your dream Jared it's the
only water in the island it's right here
I think I just melt Australia on yeah
for the tail-end so either we can go
right there at that point of the
mountain
it's really steep really scary we're
going to do it but we also could go up
here and climb up this and see where the
hole is where you can see the arcs well
what should we do oh wow this is
gorgeous look you're coming up the hill
and you slowly can see this little arch
holy cow and that was with the delicate
arches we still have to hike around the
mountain to get there it's kind of scary
I mean once you're up there on the arch
if you can see like look at that it
falls down so everything we're standing
on is like a very steep like look you
don't want to slip be careful
why
show you guys it will go down for the
big arches so that you can see it Plus
that but here it is we hiked and drove
all the way you guys seen Ellie I can't
seem to find her oh wait she's behind
the umbrella right there feeding Jackson
come on tell you what I can get used to
that view what do you think I could too
but whose idea was to do this with a
three-month-old I don't know we're crazy
Phoebe are good it's just it would be
perfect with the wind is just blowing
and it's just not I don't think he liked
the wind for the trip in total it has
been awesome yeah I think he's done so
well I just kind of buffer right now
just like I wanna hold my hair but I
think I mean figuring a life or as the
camera shows justice I don't think the
camera ever does it real justice but I
mean it's a sweet view for sure
definitely a place to check out if
you're ever in Utah's Moab yeah there's
tons of arches well it takes about an
hour to hike up and I think it takes
like 30 even that's still hike back down
yeah it's not to go a lot quicker to go
now kids are going downhill well what's
next
skydiving yeah
you
why
what cut fell the cup that we had
formula and yeah it fell off the
mountain then fell off the mountain
everybody was like oh like a guy was
trying to run and grab and I told the
guy I was like don't try a night on yeah
it's okay
they're just things we can get more
things later right yeah so don't fall
off the edge because it's a long ways
down Ellie I owe you nothing like some
old beef jerky when you're hiking down
the trail and smut you make fun of me
yeah so means in Turkey yeah I just got
thinking it's really been fun having a
kid obviously because we want to kitten
London but it's really funny to see or
interesting to see other people's
reactions to having a kid like it's
interesting to see people's reactions
when he's crying
some people just look at you and some
people smile and the old people will
laugh and it's funny you know we
sleeping some people have come up to us
picton can we see what he looks like or
how old is your baby or you know and
then some people just walk on by
nonchalantly which is fine but I'm not
it's interesting to see other people's
reactions to your child one thing that
I've learned is that so many different
places have so many different types of
beauty I mean it's beautiful wherever
you go there's always something that you
can appreciate California you've got the
the ocean I would love to go to the
ocean
Jared Jarrett's never been to the ocean
I've been to the ocean oh yeah yeah
don't worry I lie I lied but it's pretty
cool that you know anywhere in the world
you can go there's always something that
you can appreciate all the people that
were walking in the opposite direction
of us had a heck of a lot more breath
than we did when we were coming their
way
we must be they're all older people we
must be really out of shape
how embarrassing aren't but this summer
like Jared and I are determined like we
are going to get out of the
we're gonna go on more high aches we're
gonna go swimming we're not gonna fall
with our newborn on us this is our
little family they work out right here
and we're so excited to start our family
adventures and this is just like chapter
one of our family adventures and well I
guess kind of chapter two but because I
was telling her no it's chapter one
belly okay I was just telling Jared I
love you I love my family and I have
always said before Jackson came that
like we are a family like it was just
Jared night and of course you're a
family but now that we have a child it's
like I feel that my family is complete
like I've got a family and I just think
it's really fun that we're able to
document part of what our life was like
before kids and now we're able to
document what our life is like with kids
and it's just been really fun I'm so
glad if this is the best decision that
Jared and I have ever made and it's just
been so fun to look back on our
adventures and just our life together I
think it's really fun and there's like
flowers sprouting out on the middle of
nowhere it's a sign look at it honestly
what Ellie is saying is true documenting
this vlogging you guys are one of the
most important aspects of our life right
now you guys get to take up Billings
take a hike our siblings watch - you're
all part of it know where we get to
document this for our benefit so our
posterity can see what life was like for
us as they grow up and as they look back
into history that's one of the biggest
reasons why I started it because I
always wanted to know what my dad was
like when he was a kid I never got to
meet my grandpa I always wanted to see
what he sounded like what his
personality was like and we get the
opportunity to do that now and other
people can do it too and other people
can watch so this whole experience is
just it's benefiting more than just our
lives I personally feel like because a
lot of you have told us that like you
appreciate kind of an insight into our
lives and we appreciate an insight into
all the other vloggers lives it's just
been really
on
Ellie are you sure you're okay yeah look
at me in the eyes and down here okay
well I'll get me in the eyes tell me
you're okay last stretch I know I'm okay
oh there's a rock there jerk on trip
don't trip Jared am i okay is this real
life
hey guys I think we're gonna go ahead
and head home so we stopped by at this
really good place in town that we've
heard good things up and we got lunch
and I got a burrito and Jer got a burger
and we got onion rings and Jack's
mistake so he should be full we had a
really fun time I hope you guys enjoyed
the footage and we are still getting
used to the GoPro and so I don't know
how good it is doing the guy okay you I
don't like it
so we're just starting out with it we're
still new so if it wasn't like as much
as we like a raved it to me I'm sorry
next time it'll be better so yeah if you
have any suggestions about the GoPro
footage let me know in the comments
below because like she said we're still
learning it's brand new
so let us know when you get a sure to
hit the like button if you guys haven't
already hit that subscribe button out
there and we'll see you guys and if you
guys haven't already have a wonderful
day
have a wonderful day like what I think
so in the bath time huh huh can you kick
you just kicking up
