ah are you ready Jackson we are going on
vacation
we've got all of our goodies and our
snacks we're getting our GoPro on and
we've got all of our stuff that we need
to pack up we are going to the beautiful
Moab we are going hiking and we got a
hotel so we're gonna go swimming for the
first time Jackson we're gonna party
party like I thought we are pumped we
are oh and Jared's extra pumped yep oh
look at the head action look at that oh
and the moonwalk nice we are excited to
go and it's our first little family
vacation and the weather is really good
this weekend so I thought you know what
Jared had an extra day off work this
week which is very rare so I thought
let's go do something
that's what we're doing little baby
cakes I think he's excited too we are on
the road we're on the trip but we have
to stop it in and out and guess what
guess what this guy Taylor watches our
vlogs I just asked him for extra napkins
I needed a swell job guys are great
thank you thanks a lot Jason alrighty
it's official we are on the road to lamb
let's go I can't get over these
ooh t4 mountains they eautiful we really
do live in a pretty place
yeah like I think sometimes I take it
for granted but I mean just look at
those mountains right there how just
they look fake they totally do what the
first time I came to Utah when I was a
kid I was like that's a big painting
right there like they totally look fake
but it's gorgeous
I want to ride on one of these
I wonder how fast they are going today
whoa whoa this looks like they're going
slow I know they're going fat if you're
on the very edge like the very tip of
one I bet you're going like a hundred
miles an hour
really
well we pulled over to make a stop and
what do we do on those stops feed the
baby and we switch the GoPro we mounted
it on the outside of the car now so we
had it set here and I'll come out I'll
show you where I'm gonna have it
attached to now and maybe ouch oh the
car just shocked me
I hope I'm not jinxing myself by doing
this but I'm gonna mount it right here
really hurt not so right here this is
like this is on really really good
Ellie's a little bit worried but I think
it's gonna be alright we're only gonna
do it for a little bit so what do you
think Jackson what do you think flies
off the car of all the most terrible
things that can happen on a road trip
what just happened Oh Jackson you have
had maybe two blowouts your whole life
what the heck what happened you it
stinks in here
can you guys do that mister below out
end of bed to low knees yes you did no
that's not okay okay it's okay it's only
because you're cute
Oh
we're here all checked in all righty
let's see what this room looks like so
do you guys remember when Jackson had
that huge blowout in the middle of our
drive well this is what we have to do to
clean up after Jackson who mess what in
the world are you doing
shifting moments instinct I thought I
should bring some dish so I don't know
why I brought a little this is how I'm
washing his clothes okay guys we are
here at the pool and Jack has never been
in the full report so we are going to go
ahead and
we're going to get in see if he likes it
look how cool this is outdoor pool too
indoor and outdoor okay come on in
should I just like
- yeah see what he does
it is pretty chilly
he's doing it so far
my society
you
I just walked out of the blue Pig it is
a restaurant here and I've got some
goodies to take back to the hotel room
because we are gonna eat that Kings eat
at Kings I'm not sure if you guys knew
this but Moab is also cheap capital of
the world gee there's a chief there's a
jeep there's a jeep tons of Jeeps
everywhere you look I got steak and ribs
and a couple sides so it's gonna be good
cooking and I'm gonna eat it you have no
idea what I got and there's a total
surprise so I hope you like it that big
of a surprise because I can smell it and
I'm also very original I always get the
same thing every single time did you
tell him the story of last time we came
here I didn't the first time I came to
Moab I was with my mom and dad and we
hiked for a week straight and I hiked a
50-mile backpacking trip with me and
some other girls and so at the end of
the trip my mom and dad said you can
order whatever steak you want it could
be the best most expensive whatever you
want so I ordered a really expensive big
stick and it was the best ik I had ever
and still have ever had so after Jared
and I came to Moab a couple years later
we thought let's go to this place we
forgot what it was called and we ended
up going to a different place and the
steak was wiped I don't even know if it
was steak that we ate it was disgusting
it was cold we spent like 40 bucks on it
it was the worst piece of meat if you
can call it that that I've ever had so
I'm hoping this redeems it and we have a
really good night because we went
somewhere else this time but when we
came into town I saw the place that me
and my mom and dad went to and I think
it's called Bucks but we we were gonna
go there tonight but I just thought wish
this was just across the street
so I already I think I already thought
you guys I'm sure you got steak in ribs
yeah what's why would what would make
you think laughs mmm
gulab how am I supposed to eat a steak
with the plastic Meyer what the heck
hopefully it tastes a lot better too but
I'm hungry so I'm gonna eat ya and we're
kind of trying to be quiet too because
Jack Kansas Legislature let's take a
look
so we are on a little vacation and this
is kind of a two part vacation but the
big thing what we're really doing we
came here to hike so today was just kind
of fun we're getting a good dinner and
tomorrow we're going to work really hard
so we're going to go hiking tomorrow so
you guys I believe we'll see the really
fun adventure hiking video on Wednesday
so please keep your eye out for it we
have a lot of fun plans with the GoPro
so I really hope you enjoyed this video
thumbs up if you did but keep your eye
out because we're having an even better
one on Wednesday stay tuned for
Wednesday cuz it's gonna be awesome bye
bye
