hey everyone Missy Lanning from daily
buns tagged me in the TMI tag I'm going
to go ahead and link her video down
below so that you guys can watch it as
well but there are 50 questions and we
want to get through this pretty fast so
let's get started
question number one what are you wearing
I'm wearing a silky black robe ever been
in love yes I would say a handful of
times ever had a terrible breakup oh yes
several times how tall are you
I think on my driver's license I said
five three I believe I'm five - how much
do you weigh
I am 108 pounds last time I checked any
tattoos do freckles count because I have
a lot of those and need piercings Jenna
these what's an OTP
I don't know I don't know favorite band
my favorite band is Mumford and Sons
favorite song little lion man from
Mumford & Sons how old are you
what what it's my birthday this week I'm
going to be 23 what is your zodiac sign
let me look that up Aries the aggressive
outgoing lovable spontaneous not one to
mess with
funny excellent kisser extremely
adorable love relationships and family
is very important to an area's Aries
Aries are known for being generous and
giving addictive loud always has the
need to be right not true Jared 100%
quality you look for in a partner well I
already have my husband but something
that I looked for was somebody that was
going to take care of me and my family
somebody that's a hard worker somebody
that's clean somebody that has a really
good smile and Jared does favorite quote
I have a lot of favorite quotes but I
really like this one because I found
this when we were trying to get pregnant
and I just thought it really hit home to
me and I just really liked it so the
quote is telling me I can't be sad
because somebody else has it worse is
like telling me I can't be happy because
somebody else has it better
favorite actor Christian Bale favorite
color I would say
each loud music or soft music depends if
the baby is sleeping where do you go
when you're sad the cookie jar how long
does it take you to shower it takes me
12 minutes to shower and not a second
longer how long does it take you to get
ready I would say with a shower probably
45 minutes ever been in a physical fight
yes and I am so terribly sorry to my
wonderful beautiful sister for pulling
your hair turn on something that is very
attractive to me is people that are
genuinely happy when you are walking
down the street and someone smiles at
you or if you're in the grocery store
line and someone smiles it really makes
the world of difference turn off
I cannot stand I cannot stand seeing
especially a guy in need of a haircut
when I see guys that need a haircut it
like gives me the goose bumps I don't
like it like Moo hey I just I want to
shave their neck so bad so men cut your
hair the reason I joined YouTube there
is a couple different reasons why Jared
and I joined YouTube but the biggest
reason is so that we could document our
life and that we could go back and see
the wonderful and the hard times that
we've had together and another reason is
so that we could share our experience
with others because we've really enjoyed
other people sharing their experiences
it's just kind of a whole new world to
us and it's been really fun and I'm
really glad that we have joined YouTube
fears I have a fear of the unknown like
I have a fear of Jackson growing up is
he gonna be okay in school is he gonna
succeed in college is he gonna be a good
husband like I have the fear of the
unknown but it's something that I try
not to think about because it's just
something that I can't control at this
moment or ever but I try not to think
too much into it
snake the last thing that made you cry I
think the last time I cried was like a
week two weeks ago at Jackson's baby
blessing it was more of happy tears not
sad tears it was just very spiritual and
so I cried the last time you said you
loved someone
I told Jared I loved him when he got
home from work and I told Jackson I
loved him when he went to bed the
meaning behind your youtube name well
our YouTube name is Jared and Ellie and
the meaning behind that is our names
Jared and Ellie the last book you read
probably I started baby wise and I was
pregnant with Jackson the book you are
currently reading
I don't read really no the last show you
watched is YouTube kill I guess I
watched Modern Family the other night
but 99% of the time it's YouTube the
last person you talked to
aside from Jared and Jackson I walked
home from church today and I met
somebody and I talked with her the
relationship between the person you text
is last it was my sister Bonnie hi
Bonnie
favorite food Oreos Chips Ahoy tater
chips candy bars raw food pizza
hamburgers again thing Chinese food and
mashed potatoes and gravy and mom's
homemade pot roast a place you want to
visit I think if I were to have one big
vacation I think it would be really fun
to go somewhere where the water is
crystal clear and I can go snorkeling
with the fish that would be fun
Tahiti the last place you were was
Church do you have a crush oh I have a
mad crush a deep crush and both the
names start with a J
my little Jackson and my love Jared I
want to kiss back last time you kissed
someone just now I blew Jared a kiss
I kissed Jared when he got home from
work the last time you were insulted
with actually yesterday on Instagram but
I really don't think that she was trying
to be mean but it took me off guard a
little bit I posted a picture of my
outfit someone posted you look skinnier
than you did before you got pregnant
dot-dot-dot are you feeling well it just
didn't sound right you can't quite
understand sometimes when people text
when people leave comments I kind of
took it as you look too skinny
you look unhealthy are you feeling well
I kind of felt a little bad when I read
it but whatever favorite flavor of sweet
anything with sugar in it what
instruments do you play I play the piano
and I like to sing usually by myself
favorite piece of jewelry would probably
have to be the two strands of pearls
that I have my mom and dad gave them to
me
and I have some white pearls and I have
some red pearls the last sport you
played
does changing diapers really fast count
as a sport the last song you sing Jared
and I made up a song that we sing to Jax
and every time you change his diaper do
you guys want to hear it it doesn't
matter how much you wiggle and dance the
last drop always ends up in your pants
it's true yes it's true favorite pickup
line I don't have one and the next
question is have you ever used it nope
last time you hung out with someone I
went out with several of my girlfriends
last night and we went to dinner who
should answer these questions anybody
that's watching anybody that wants to do
this tag feel free it's really fun and
it gets you thinking a little bit if you
guys film one make sure to let me know
cuz I would love to watch it I hope you
enjoyed that thumbs up if you did and go
watch Missy's tag she did a really good
job as well thanks for watching goodbye
