to celebrate us hitting 30,000
subscribers guess what we are going to
do today are you guessing what do you
think Jerry what are we gonna do today
we are going to shave my head huh I
think when we hit 80,000 subscribers
will hit your head will hit your head
Wow what what are we gonna do to
celebrate 30,000 subscribers are gonna
wax your unibrow
when you have a cosmetologist as wise
this is what you do this is the things
that you do yeah when your wife is a
hairstylist you get many things done to
you and getting your unibrow waxed is
one of them so no backs up move it and
then we get a go do our taxes yay you
that would hurt too
you ain't never will to kiss me again
okay
your face is so dry I know it's cuz we
live in Utah
ah my face is really dry too I was
telling her this morning I'm trying to
wear less makeup and so I just like put
on like a BB cream today and some like
powder and like my face looks like a
snake look at all the blue ears yeah
looks a lot better though my eyes are
red holy cow
well I know we kinda I was up late
editing the video last night we created
her a hot mess today at least we're hot
that's still a mess thanks cosmetologist
120 bucks um I would kiss 15 bucks lunch
lunch will do I'll take you I'll take
you out the mall unless we are taxes and
we never can't come lunch because we
won't have any more money
little Jackson is still asleep so I
thought you guys might want to take a
look at what he looks like when you see
this little crib
so cute oh he's so cute we just actually
put him in his bed like two nights ago
so he officially is sleeping in his crib
he was sleeping by the side of the bed
next to Jarrod knife at the past three
months and my mom she found out she's
like he's still sleeping next to you
guys she's like that would drive me
crazy but it just three months has flown
by and I'm like yeah if I should sleep
in his crib now so he really likes his
crap he's doing much better I was really
nervous because I tried putting him in
his crib a couple weeks ago and he hated
it and he screamed but that's when he I
don't think he was getting enough food
to eat and maybe he was cranky because
of that not his crib but anyway he's
doing really good now he loves his crib
oh my goodness
Jackson usually always sleeps an hour
and a half and he is slept for like over
two hours and we have to wake him up we
have to feed him because we have to go
do our taxes so I'm going to wake him up
I haven't had to wake him up since he
was very first foreign so I feel bad but
do you guys want to see me wake him up
Swede morning pick up sweetie pie hi
honey
good morning are you happy boy ah you
slept so much I bet you are happy hi
Jackson happy three months you're three
months old today that why you're
sleeping so good such a big account to a
prosper come here you oh you are so
precious with good picture next to
George oh the three amigos
the four amigos it's a beautiful day
outside today it's so beautiful and you
were so beautiful we are celebrating not
having to pay taxes we thought we'd have
to we're celebrating by going and
getting a corn dog from the gas station
conned
corndogs who doesn't love a good ol corn
dog they are so good and so delicious
and so fun to eat the weather is so nice
today as you can tell the snow is almost
melted just at the very tip tops so we
are going to take little Jackson to the
park for the first time I brought a
blanket and an umbrella in case you know
I don't want the Sun on him and I
brought the GoPro yeah I did I brought
the GoPro we brought a frisbee and we're
gonna throw it around and we're gonna
see if we can get some fun footage try
it out at least we'll see so I am
starving though I am so hungry I haven't
eaten since my last meal can you believe
that I haven't eaten since my last meal
this is crazy guess what I have for
breakfast but I want a pink donut that's
an inside joke there's bugs well they
did not have any corn dogs at the gas
station we were told that they would
have corn dogs there and really good
corn dogs but they did what gas station
doesn't have a corn dog I know that's
all we wanted were corn dogs so well
sure you get we've got to figure out
something I think you know what they
just opened up a Jimmy John's just right
down the road
we should get something there what's
your favorite Jimmy John sandwich number
12 or 12 okay extrav acardo less meat
less me okay let's go order number 12
okay oh my gosh is it your head where is
it from Jimmy Dunn Oh make you fast
delivery I want I want a number 9 what's
another night I think it's the what's
turkey and bacon something like that
yeah that's what I want I'll take it
number 9 please
Gemini to the crotch okay well watch
Jared's recouping I think you should
open oh is that my voice as you can see
I've got the GoPro ready we're gonna
test out some footage gonna play some
frisbee Elly's ready to rock and roll
let's play some frisbee here's the
footage
I could have sworn that Jackson was
gonna have brown eyes but the more I
look at him I kind of think he's gonna
have blue eyes like his daddy and Jared
has blue eyes but in the middle it's
like a green so I don't know take a look
can you guys does the camera even pick
up on the eye color I mean the outside
is just blue as blue as can be it's all
it's hard to tell with the shade Jackson
how do you like the park for your first
time do you love it it's kind of fun to
feel the wind in it I was just going to
say it's actually really nice and
relaxing just gonna sit out here just
take a deep breath meditate enjoy the
view beverage mm can you guys believe
that one year ago Jared we're going to
the fertility clinics every week it's in
a year ago we found out in just a couple
weeks
it's Jared's birthday month and we went
in on my birthday to do insemination
that sort of got the bad news that we
had missed the egg but then we had good
news just later do you want to be on
camera is that what you're asking so
kind of kind of interesting to think
back on her look at his hair Jared look
okay can you see all the little curlies
he has got curly hair that's crazy I
love it I know I don't want the curly I
don't know the umbrella Jerry doesn't
love curly hair I don't it's not that I
don't love it I just would rather have
him straight hair I'm a big fan of Cory
Matthews but let's just be honest Eric
Matthews had the better hair so you know
that's what that's all I'm trying to say
that's all I'm trying to say that's all
I'm getting that hair I think it's time
to say goodbye now it's time to say
goodbye to all our family
besides see you later bye see you guys
next time
