hey guys
several videos ago you guys saw that Jen
and I bought the mama roof for Jackson
and then ever since none of you have
seen the mom row in any of the videos
and lately I think the mama is going on
sale this weekend so a lot of you guys
have been asking me if I like them on
the row or if I returned it or if
Jackson likes it so I'm just gonna kind
of get straight to the point and I'm
just gonna tell you my opinion on it I'm
not gonna go through a ton of details on
what the mama Roo like does like some
reviews people will sit down and they'll
read what what the company has to claim
about the product but I really just want
to get to the point I just want to say I
liked it or I didn't and why I didn't or
why I did so we had them on route for
two days and the third day we returned
it and it wasn't that we did not love it
if if someone asked me would you get the
mom room I would recommend it I do like
it
but it was not worth two hundred and
seventy dollars we brought it home and
in our heads we were thinking it was
going to be this magical swing because
of the way that it's promoted they claim
that it swings or moves glides it
doesn't even swing it kind of like
glides like real life like there's a
setting for a car and it's supposed to
feel identical to like what a car would
feel like and we just we really thought
that Jackson was gonna really like it
but when we came home Jackson liked it
but he was just as content laying on the
floor as he was in the mom
and so after a couple days I just
thought you know this really wasn't
worth the money and it was a lot of
money to spend so we returned it and we
just thought a traditional sweet as you
can see Jackson's in it it's really
nothing special it's just like any other
swing on the market it is a little bit
bigger but it's because Jared really
insisted on this setting and you can
take this swing and move it and then it
will apply sideways so that's why this
being is just a tad bit bigger but it
works we've kind of put it in between
our couch so it doesn't take up too much
room but that's that's kind of my
thought on the mama Roo I do like it I
don't think it was worth all the money
and one more thing the only other thing
I didn't love about it was the way
Jackson sat in it it's kind of an egg
shape I'll have jerks in a picture real
quick but like in here Jackson sits
comfortably in the suite but in the mama
room it was kind of like too skinny and
long like an egg and he didn't ever seem
comfortable in it so that's another
thing it maybe he had to grow up a
little bit to like it a little bit more
but like I said it just wasn't really
worth it for us so that's my quick
review I just wanted a hurry sit down
tell you what I thought about it if I
returned it or not cuz a lot of YouTube
and asking so I hope that answered your
guys's questions and thanks for watching
and Jackson and I will talk to you later
in the meantime people just swing away
another funny thing when Jared and I
picked out this swing I was dying I
thought when I eventually show all of
you guys you are all gonna die because
you know that I'm kind of been stuck in
a rut of giraffes or Jackson and I did
not pick up the swing because I had
drafts on it but what it has a dress
it's got a giraffe it's gonna put a
headdress and I saw it and I was like
yeah I can do that
it was really funny so I thought I would
share that with you but like I said
thanks for watching and we will see you
guys next time bye
