hey everyone thanks for joining us today
we're sitting here with Jackson and he's
going to answer a few questions for us
about the first three months of his life
Jackson let me be the first to say
congratulations on three months first
off let's talk about the elephant in the
room everybody thinks that you appear to
be very angry all of the time are you
really angry or is it just because you
can't control your eyebrows yet me and
Dad knew you're happy all along we just
had to get that cleared up how many
diapers you actually go through a day
I can kiss away
Jackson I noticed that you've been
sleeping a lot better lately do you
think it's because you don't rely on
your binky as much is it true that you
get blamed for mom and dad's flatulence
is it also true that you can out stink
them well at least me you can't out
stink mom she's stinky
she's so stinky Jackson from one of our
Twitter followers they want to know if
you want sibling do you want sister does
that mean you want a brother I want you
to have a sibling too
I'm not kidding I do like sunic sooner
than later she's not pregnant Jackson
now here's a serious question that I
want to get out on the table how did you
get such a hug come on son Jackson you
love to be swaddled yet you unwrap
yourself or every now and then you cry
because your hands are in your face why
is that I love to rock you - Jackson
what are your thoughts on the crisis in
Ukraine
last but not least you have discovered
your hands what do you think about this
new discovery
hey guys we want to thank you for taking
the time to watch Jackson's 3-month
update he has been such a joy to be
around and he's been such a sweet baby
and we are excited for the next three
months and to see how much he's changed
we need six months so we will keep you
guys updated if you guys enjoyed the
video be sure to thumbs up and if you
guys haven't already hit that subscribe
button so you can see more videos just
like this one I hope you guys have a
good day and we will see you in the next
video bye bye goodbye
you
