hey everyone today is a really fun day
I'm taking along for the ride with all
of my sisters so if any of you guys or
gentlemen are out there watching you'll
still want to stay tuned because I've
got lots of pretty sisters to look at
so all of my sisters we all fit in the
car
we've got Ruby and mom we've got some
babies we've got Julie we've got Jackson
and me and Bonnie are in the back I
cannot believe all the sisters were
together last time we were all together
it wasn't since Christmas and it's just
really fun that we're all here hey are
we gonna shot till I drop a lot of money
or all and she's being really bashful I
know it
Kevin's gone to Chile I'm gonna spend
all his money yeah yes okay let's go
shop we are at p1 don't forget it we
can't get lost
is it gonna rain today looks so funny in
there you've got to make sure that we
look we look good right okay you look
okay with our babies
it's our accessory for the day love them
all try that again
mama has such a hard time shopping and
so sometimes when all of us get together
we just have to make her try on stuff
and mom would never shop in this for an
American Eagle right now but we're gonna
make her try on a pair because these
pants are really stretchy I'm wearing
them right now don't they look good yeah
you're so good you're wearing um
straight bodies wearing them about your
you see ami seats
Oh slams door shut pretty tight they're
not too tight around are dozens of
stretch you're like oh oh mom you've
gotta buy those those look they make it
show look really you 12:06 those are haz
you need it mom's been working out all
not working out she just coffee and ice
cream
that's what you do when you walk
yourself out and there's no workers
though somebody is already shopped out
more only ten minutes into this so I
know one store I want to go into is
Sephora yeah
that's where my wallets going today is
Sephora and look how cool this mall is
they have they have like a stream they
have a stream of water and they also
have fish on the other end sand when we
get down there I'll show you guys I'll
show you guys something
my husband used to work at a place
called duck works and he built by hand
those whale bones it's a retractable oh
yeah in the summer they open it and when
it's cold they close it it has been
hand-painted ghost I didn't know that I
didn't even know that he was the
official quality control over the over
the paint with the whole thing that's
cool yeah we don't even have to wear a
jackets right now because it's light I
knew that covered but a cool that's
sweet there are so many blushes I don't
even know which one I want
I'm testing them all over my fingers but
one's a prettiest I feel a little warm
hand is there a little hand there can
you see it where did we decide to eat
please
cheesecake cheesecake factory it's our
favorite place when we come here because
we never get to go out all together to a
nice place I think that's what we
decided we're going to the Cheesecake
Factory everybody jump on again at 3:00
oh my god
oops just kidding oh she missed it again
yeah we go these elevators lunchtime yay
is the Cheesecake Factory kid-friendly
cuz we've got a lot of little kids here
we wanted to get in before all the
businessmen came up and took up off our
table and I think we made it just in
time
okay we're all officially together now
my brother and his wife just came so
this is all of my siblings together all
of my sisters and my brother Julian but
I can't have a camera of all the girls
with their only brother
and moms buying lunch
everybody's got their food and
everything looks really good Wow
Wow and me and Jackson are happy we got
the wrong flatbread so we ordered anyone
so it'll be here soon
what did you just tell me what did you
just tell me about my favorite store
I said Daniel I said this morning take
the girls into lush and give me cheese -
well we're going to go to lash and we're
to pick out a fun Easter basket
but the shopping begin habitation I have
a foot rub oh and something yeah I don't
know what it is though it's a shiny
finish got some foot lotion
yes but lotion okay so a shilling ball
this smells wonderful Claudio dime hurts
oh yeah golden a golden eggs there bath
bombs this is for Mama because she's
never used these kinds before and then
his shower Joe and I've got the body
scrub so far I got a body scrub as Sam
already kicked looking Julia trying out
their lip scrub she's doing it wrong I'm
pretty sure a shop on me yeah it is the
liquid chocolate man yeah she's been at
our chef and exactly what I'm doing I'm
eating chocolate mousse yeah I am going
to go ahead and end the vlog for the day
but I wanted to end it with this all of
my sisters at one point we were all
pregnant at the same time I think that's
pretty rare all four of us have our
little babies and who's the oldest here
is it Boston Austin so bonnie is
pregnant us Boston then Julie was
pregnant as Cooper then Ruby was
pregnant with Eve and then I at the very
tail end was pregnant with Jackson as we
say Boston oh right the very tail end I
was pregnant with Jackson so we are
going to go ahead and take all of our
pictures with us holding a little bit
these because this is the first time
that all these little cousins are going
to be together all of the babies are
within a year of each other I think the
age difference the oldest is ten months
old this is ten months and Jackson's the
youngest and he's three months so that's
a fun little age for all the little
cousins don't you think
thank you guys for watching I hope you
enjoyed if you loved sisters and babies
thumbs up for sure and Jared just got a
GoPro so if you guys have any
recommendations for videos um comment
below we are gonna have a lot of fun
stuff coming up so thanks again for
watching close to you later
bye
