hey everyone I am at my mom's house I
feel like you guys have seen a lot of my
family this week but get prepared you
are about to see a lot more of them my
sister Julie that is in medical school
right now with her husband she and her
kids are coming in to Utah to see the
family and my sister Julie has never met
Jackson and so I'm really excited to see
her tonight
so I came up to my parents house Jared's
parents dropped me off here
on their way back home because they came
to Jackson's blessing if you missed that
video that was the last video but his
parents dropped me off at my mom's house
and so I'm just going to stay here for a
couple days and Jared is at work and I
told him I said if I get in the footage
will you please come down because you
know he's going to be home doing work
after he goes to work so I promised him
if I can get enough footage he will come
down and spend the night here I will
take a little bit of load off his
shoulders I think my mom wants us to
move a toilet and I don't know why or
what we're doing this toilet I thought
it would be kind of cool to go to the
bathroom like right when you're in bed
but I guess you have to move it why do
we need to move this toilet what's wrong
with the toilet next to the bed well I
would hate to have a little child come
here here and think that it was a real
toilet toilet for them yeah well
actually it's not real we just redid our
bathroom and we put a new toilet in it
and this is where it got parked two
months ago okay I think we'd better get
it out of here before your sister gets
here okay so we got to get the toilet
out because we don't want the kids to be
pooping in it because we can't flush it
and this is the new floor that my mom
put in her bathroom and that's a new
toilet yeah and that's about that my dad
thinks it's a pretty sweet toilet well
that's a toilet that you can dangle your
legs from oh it's a tall toilet tall
toilet for tall men okay let's move this
toilet nollans here
are you guys okay every time there's the
crapper happy April Fool's Day it's
snowing look at all that snow snowing in
April what you doing Oh tummy time are
you could roll over again oh you're
gonna do it
oh you did it you wrote all over ah you
don't even know it you did it can you do
it again hmm
Oh his head is so big that he falls over
good try again yeah okay hi oh my
grandma gave us a chore to do and that
chore is to look into the toy closet and
make sure it's nice and ready for when
the little babies come today
huh the big ball where's the light you
got to put your eyebrows away that's one
thing that we tell Jackson every day we
look at him when we go put them brows
away put them brows away put on your
happy eyebrows Walmart on the ingre
eyebrows where's your happy eyebrows
that's a better Oh we'll get there my
sister Julie just called and she is
gonna be here in just a few minutes and
you're excited you are so excited to see
aunt Julie so Julie's never met Jackson
last time my sister saw me I was just a
few short weeks away from having Jackson
it was at Christmas and we are so
excited to see her and I feel like I am
Mary Poppins I keep pulling sisters out
of my bags I have a sister here I have a
sister here but wait there's one more I
have so many sisters and I think you
guys officially have met them all now
well no no I think there's one more
Melanie that's Jerrod sister so you've
met one of Jerrod sisters you need to
meet one more but now you've met all of
mine
there's just sisters everywhere but
Julie is going to be here soon she's the
last of my sisters to meet and she's
wonderful there's something special
about Julie she's the sister that's
about my age too were just a few years
apart and I just love her with all my
heart and she's just a
awesome person she's a registered nurse
she has two beautiful kids her husband I
think she picked him out of an Italian
magazine tall skinny dark handsome she's
going to be here soon and we are tickled
to see oh oh you're so Jackson's so
excited he's pooping his pants Jarrod
hates that I do this with Jackson's hair
Jackson has a lot of natural curl in his
hair and as it gets longer it'll get a
little curly hair
so when I fix it like not really fix it
I just like put lotion in this hair and
kind of like spike it up and kind of let
the top view a little wavy and curly
Jared doesn't love that I don't know why
but I think it's like the most handsome
thing ever
Jared likes it like smooth and flat and
lush is kind of like how Jared fixes his
hair but add much much shorter version
but I think it's cute it doesn't matter
if daddy doesn't like your hair you're
still cute oh my gosh they're here I
hear little Emma oh how are you hi honey
did you have so much fun I know that was
30 pounds heavier did you have a good
flight it was great for the kids good
they were so good good so adorable oh my
goodness you smell so good
we boo we put the angry eyebrows away
for you his I shouldn't even wear this
outfit he has the same one he almost
wore oh my gosh
two guys in blue each other are together
and all I told you guys before but you
missed out all of my sisters were
pregnant at the same time so we both
were pregnant with these babies at the
same time how cool is that another
meeting each other for the first time
and they're so big like rounds away he's
huge now compared to him so how is he
right now almost nine months okay he's
three months a couple days yeah you are
huge this is what a five month
difference looks like Jackson's
just a week away from three months and
little Cooper is nine months I cannot
believe it
only five months difference and look at
you little stink you're so big huh I
love how I rock that's gonna be you and
just a short few months you're drooling
are you drooling over me yes all that
big babies coming towards me I don't
like it what are you doing Cooper's miss
not yours oh you gonna roll is he in a
roll kiss he goes tummy to belly quite a
bit whoo it's your big head though tilts
you over hot dog hot dog hot diggity
down that's cute I think that is it for
the day it was really fun waiting to see
Julie and it was really fun to see Julie
meet Jackson for the first time and I'm
glad that you cutie whoo and I'm happy
to be home
it's been months since I've seen you and
it's just good to see you good to see
you too yep so now you guys have
officially seen all my sisters so do we
look alike
see you guys later her five real quick
you guys I'm going to bed and Jackson is
snoring listen to him funny seriously I
his nose is clear like I just like I
never really thought his nose out
because he doesn't have snot in there
like he legitimately is snoring he
snores all the time like was really
tired he snores I think it's so funny
it's so loud
oh say good night now I'm sorry I just
get so excited I want to show you guys
everything good night
don't let the bedbugs bite
you
