here is a situation guys Ellie Ellie
lost the car keys our house is a
disaster it's never a disaster but it's
a disaster it's a disaster what I was
thinking is let's make a game and let's
find the keys so the first one to find
the keys you get a prize and what's the
prize I don't know if you find the keys
what do you want you get a prize
anything that you want though I want you
to clean the house oh and then you find
the keys what do you want if I find the
keys there's so many things I want name
one
I want to matter is good and also the
reason why my house is a disaster is
because on Sunday we have a lot of
family coming and we are blessing
Jackson and so we're getting ready for
his little blessing we're gonna have
dinner after church and so I went to the
store and I got lots of stuff just for a
little party
Jared's already searching he's getting a
head start I gotta go find this I gotta
go find the keys this gives me a good
excuse to kind of pick up yeah that's
kind of why we're doing it it's kind of
makes it a fun game it's always fun to
make a game end of things that you don't
really want to do ah I'm going to spend
most of my time thinking about what I
want if I when I not if I want
when I went you know what though it's
probably in here no fun there it is our
place is really small we don't have that
many places to hide any thing I can
think of is I went to the car to get
these bins out of the trunk that I got
from Walmart I was talking to my mom so
I thought I left him in the car and
locked in a car but I brought the bins
in here so I figured they might do I
don't know it's funny what you also lost
your phone today - what is going on
today I called Jared with some buddies
with a worker from Walmart I'm like Anna
please use your phone
thank you oh thank goodness for Find My
iPhone I know I was like someone stole
my phone I've got a fine
or le but what do I want though
what am I want the baby's asleep and the
last place we could have to look as my
bedroom and that's were the babies up I
didn't make my bed
guess what Jackson's doing what his hand
is out of his cocoon I did a bad job
wrapping him um I won't say Jared's a
bad wrapper
he's not a very good baby wrapper but
I'm not gonna say he's not a good one
but I'm a really good four year after
Elliot I've got get him tight tight
tight like a little cocoon and he goes
right to sleep and it is so good and I'm
terrible but I got him to sleep tonight
so that's good
so if you guys haven't seen the not my
arms challenge that we just did the
links are below it is hilarious so be
sure to check it out and share it if you
enjoyed it if you had fun watching it
share it with your friends and see if I
get a laugh out of it but I wanted to
show you this this is the garbage bag of
remains that we have left
uh what that wasn't I'm not sure if you
can see all that gross stuff in there
but that is all the remains of the cake
and the boxes and everything good
morning ladies and gentlemen I'm about
to cut Jared's hair I am in serious
business attire right now what are you
doing I am looking for two things the
keys are not up there we still can't
find the keys I'm looking for do you
guys remember when I lost my wallet so
Ellie and I were at Walmart and we had a
big full cart we got to the register and
we're putting our things on the chat the
aisle to checkout and she was scanning
our items and everything and I was like
oh crap um do you have my wallet and I
was like no I told you I'm to bring
yours like I didn't bring mine and I was
like oh no let me run out to the car I
think my wallets in the car I raced out
to the car I could not find my wallet at
all and so I was like oh shoot like I
left my wallet at home so we had to take
all of our stuff off the cash register
aisle
and they are belt yeah the conveyor belt
and then you know meet Walmart
empty-handed because we didn't have
anything so we've had a really rough
week of losing things and what else are
you looking for well because of that I
never leave about my phone and I think
that's how people are we just our phone
is more important than anything right
yeah I have a case for my phone that has
a wallet built inside of it so I'm
looking for that case because we cannot
find the case no I can't find the
Glitter isn't where is she so guys if
you ever want a hat holder you don't
need to buy anything fancy for all you
need is a giraffe look how sweet he
looks he's holding my little fedora hat
on Instagram I bought Jackson a little
fedora hat and a little outfit so we're
going to get our family pictures taken
my friend is going to take them at the
end of April so I thought I'd be cue if
we were matching fedora hats the keys
are not in the drawer either I'm just
looking everywhere it doesn't hurt to
look twice okay well let's get your
haircut it's wrong it's so on
um do you do this with all your clients
yeah they love it
I didn't know you use the broom what
no oh just just your special occasions
oh I'm a special client char careful
careful careful I'm gonna ruin it I'm
literally the worst client ever in your
washer doesn't hurt well this is the
final result what do you guys think I
think Ellie did an awesome job and I
think it looks pretty good
what do you think I think it looks
really nice I think that won't do Ellie
sister Bonnie is coming over and she's
bringing the kids for just a minute
before I go to work so get ready to see
Cody and Olivia hi kiddos Hey huh what's
that oh how are you
was that your gun Oh your haircut is
working it's for me to cut hair you
wonder a language end oh yes it is a
little claw crystal black oh it's right
there it's on the floor I haven't hung
it up yet the little clock that one of
you guys sent to us I haven't gotten a
chance to hang it up I want to redo all
this because I don't really love how
that set up anyway snippin yes I like
like you
Jared didn't give you juice oh my god
that was me in the pen yeah well I came
in here and I was like whoa what does
she have it's new it my eyebrows today
oh they look good don't look at me I
just woke up I got that eyebrow pencil
that Bonnie did on me though I didn't do
I done a good job yeah you did a good
job
look all scary no they look good
okay Jared's off to work we're saying
bye real quick it's a quick visit visit
okay no keys to be found yet uh-huh yeah
I haven't found them huh hi hi where are
my keys hey in your diaper ah are they
in your diaper are they in your bum
where did they go okay guys I think that
is all she wrote for the day we still
cannot find my keys and Jackson I think
is hiding them somewhere I'm glad that
you guys liked the not my arms challenge
if you guys have not seen that yet
Jared's gonna put a link down below but
I'm just reading the comments with
Jackson here and um Cassie here
suggested that we do it not my arms
challenge with Jackson and a diaper
change seriously I thought about that
and I told Jeremy that would be so funny
but then I thought oh I shouldn't do
that like changing his diaper you know
online stuff like that we got to keep
some things private but I do think maybe
it would be funny if we did a not my
arms challenge and like dressed Jackson
like put a shirt and pants on him or I
have another thing in mind of a not my
arms challenge all the ones I've seen
have been people getting ready I don't
know if that's like what you're supposed
to do I don't know but I thought it'd be
fun to kind of change it up but I'm glad
that you guys liked it I think Jackson
and I are ready to go down for a nap I'm
lovin your guys's comments you guys are
so fun you guys make Jared and I love
doing this it's so fun seeing all the
comments thanks again guys we will see
you guys later
little mr. second on your fifth and I'm
gonna go scale some more we're look at
that tongue there's a long time bye
you
