hey everyone welcome to the cooking
edition of the not my arms challenge so
let's get started we're going to make a
cake for you today we are going to give
you guys a lot of tips on how to make a
nice moist chocolate cake for you to go
ahead and start off with driving a box
and looking at the instructions and like
you got to get the hair out of your face
so on my lip because you don't want to
eat eating up step yeah hey so let's
open up the cake box and you're gonna
dump this nice rich chocolate cake into
the pan we don't wanna you don't want to
upset it's delicate chocolate but we
don't want to upset it and get powder
everywhere so we'll be so jealous and
opening that up oh my strong manly hands
I can open this up I just run out there
we go there we go so we're going to go
ahead and dump it into our Bowl oh oh
you can you can just smell the chocolate
it just is going to be a good cake I can
tell so we're gonna empty out all those
corners it getting a little mess okay
you should look it up later
perfect let's discard this yes yes
perfect let's grow our eggs on the left
and then we gotta crack each and every
one of them we don't want any shells on
cake mix we've got to be delicate
now while we crack these eggs a little
story for you I grew up and I raised
chickens and so I really know how to
crack eggs
I grew up know yo but stuff stuff
sometimes I make accidents and I get
shells in there but it's okay lat
texture meeting yes I just woke up
chicken and I I raised chickens and I
took care of them I said them I
collected their eggs every single
morning but yeah now we are done
tracking our ate let's set those shells
aside I see a doc in that dish here on
the left
perfect yes now
time for the oil you're going to grab
our Pyrex no drain fish we are going for
a half a cup of vegetable oil in so I'm
just a half a cup very delicately oh and
that's perfect to have a cup right there
let's set that oil aside and pour this
oil on it oh that looks good yeah
perfect now here's the tricky part we've
got a cup of water that we have to add
to this and we're going to side nope
yes but he's having a tough yet a little
bit more yeah perfect the cup right
there we got our cup of water poured in
and we're ready to set that dishes sighs
full blast mix that ABS did your mother
for like a centimeter I'm always lucky
with the beater it doesn't matter it's
got different hurt you see that me
so did it cook you see that you fit in
yeah Oh perfect
yep yeah just like that I like to get
chocolate and ever in there I like to
look it just a little bit because the
eggs don't bother me I should have worn
a net yeah this helps just kind of
twisting it up let's grab this wooden
spoon here and we are going to drizzle
it can mix into our cake pan if and I
just like to put on that cake oh wait to
fix it up
so yeah likes it a little bit more of a
like oh I drizzle I'm perfect I like to
distribute it evenly into my peanut into
my pan here on the right and just like I
like to move my body and go forward I
like to go backwards and forwards
because I thought it'll get into my cake
pan just a little bit better
here's a trick I'm going to show you I
grab my dish because it's a long ways
right now so I pick my dish up I just
kind of shake it yeah yeah just a guy I
shake it and I move my body with this
and I shake it that way all the cake
gets distributed evenly perfect that
looks wonderful
okay now it's time to put it in the oven
for 45 minutes at 350
ok ladies and gentlemen now that our
wonderful cake is out of the oven we
want to cool for a little bit
so watch out the sides are still just a
little hot wait just just a little hot
oh we got to decorate the cake now norm
light here let's let's grab our knife
here on the right and normally we would
have something to actually like butter
the cake with smooth the Cape with but I
just have a knife but whenever you have
a humble work so let's open up this
frosting umm this dress is the best the
piecrust it's the cream cheese oh and
let's not oh well not nice right for my
face we got to be careful oh I got I
like it a little bit
oh that wasn't very sanitary but let's
lick this let's cross this baby yeah you
got to take a big ol spoonful we got a
funnel under the cake but we got to be
careful because you don't want to stab
the cake we gotta make it look really
pretty
yep let's just dump it just dump it just
dump it just stop it
yeah here's another trick I'm gonna show
you guys after you're done dumping all
the frosting on the cake let that nice
aside look at first look at first um we
on get off
I got to get my fist and not frosting
too and I got a wife all that frosting
out and no all of it I gotta wipe it all
okay let me show you ladies and
gentlemen this empty tube that is how
you get the frosting out okay I guess
that that aside and if you don't want to
tell your company you can use your
fingers to move the frosty oh no just
your two fingers you're getting sloppy
here le but don't tell your company that
I asked you so extra salt I'm doing a
magnificent job homeboy
frosting this case doesn't that look
really good okay let me grab those
sprinkles here and show you what kind of
fur you sent it
oh I'll bend forward a little bit to
show that mmm
it doesn't matter if it's Christmas
sprinkles Christmas is all year round my
house shake it shake it shake it come on
what am I waiting for let's sprinkle it
around mm-hmm yeah listen to Ron I'm use
my fault
so this pencil that was smart of me to
use on this beautiful a these are yellow
sprinkles are going to go great with our
Christmas decor here if Marsh hey I
think this looks wonderful let me show
you one more time but these look like a
 says hot and uh-oh a little warm
you see those wrinkles yes
yeah yo yeah yeah let's shake let's
shake this hand a little bit and
distribute yes those sprinkles okay last
part we've got to eat the cake and that
first the best my my talked about oh I
forgot my spatula let's let's lean over
and here I bought a satchel at this
point c1
let's get that price just take it out
yet let's show you guys Punjab state as
you cut a new piece perfect outcome well
sprinkle on anyway can you guys see how
good that is
look how good that is I get to take a
delicate bite here but oh guys so good
touch okay I watched my I lost some more
I got you Tuvok
oh oh oh my hair I mean my hair just a
little bit one this is what you do when
your kids are asleep I love my finger
okay thanks for watching bye be sure to
LIKE and subscribe I hope you enjoyed
this and got a couple tips I'm going to
finish this cake from your co-pilot Oh
either come on look I got some frosting
for you my guys
