everyone just a little follow up on
what's going on with Jackson and trying
to figure out what's wrong still we are
thinking that Jackson isn't getting
enough to eat and so that's why he's
really upset just to give you a quick
update on how he's doing he is really
happy all day but when it's time to eat
and I try and feed him he will feed for
like four or five minutes and then he
will unlatch and then get really upset
I'll try and calm him down and they'll
try and watch him on again and he
refuses he will not latch back on and so
there's a couple things that are going
on either
from what my lactation specialist and
from what my sisters have been telling
me and just from what I think either he
has some sort of mouth sore or he's not
getting enough milk and well I feel like
as a mom I just feel like he's not
getting enough milk I instagrammed a
photo of Jackson a lot of you guys have
been giving your recommendations as far
as milk supply and honestly how I feel
is I eat like a bird I feel like I don't
get enough calories for myself let alone
for Jackson that's really hard to say
because I'm trying I have stopped my
pantry up with lots of healthy foods I
very rarely heavy in fast food since
I've had him home I'm just really trying
to get my calories up to have enough
milk for Jackson so I personally feel
like that's what's wrong I made a
doctor's appointment anyway just so we
can rule out any ear infections or any
tongue issues or mouth sores if he has
any that the doctor can see this is what
we're doing this afternoon I'll keep you
guys updated on what's going on we are
getting some
sirs aren't we Jared we are getting
answers I went to Jackson's doctor and
we just saw him about two weeks ago for
his two-month checkup but we decided to
go back anyway just in case of anything
else has come up and I talked to the
doctor a little bit more and we decided
that it's one of two things or both my
doctor said either Jackson isn't getting
enough milk and so he's getting
frustrated because he's not getting the
milk fast enough when he drinks so
that's why he unlatches and gets really
upset or it his belly hurts and he's
being a little bit more colicky than he
has been I've never felt like he's a
colicky baby but the doctor said maybe
it's the start of him to be a little
colicky because maybe his tummy hurts
with my diet or the doctor said even if
it's not your diet maybe his time he
just hurts our plan now is to try and
get my milk supply up a little bit more
I do have milk that I know I don't have
a lot but again this morning Jackson ate
and he didn't he refused to eat on the
other side and he had only eaten for
five minutes
so I pumped and I got an ounce and a
half which is a ton considering he
hadn't eaten and but it's enough to show
me that I am at least producing some
milk sloughed so our next step is to go
back to the hospital and go to the
lactation specialist and she is going to
watch me feed Jackson and see how he
acts and we are going to go see what she
has to say so I feel like we're getting
some answers and I'm feeling a little
bit better today yesterday was really
rough but my spirits are higher today
and
we're excited to go okay Jackson we're
here and we are going to get some
answers so that you'll be a happier baby
when you eat okay huh did you hear that
guys did you guys hear that you feel
that I think the full run off a little
bit
you just fruity Tooty it in your pants
are you hungry
I think he might be a little hungry oh
when he starts to eat his own hand he
might be oh my gosh he's got his fingers
in there yeah he's never done that
cannibalism is not a good thing Jeff I
guess that's what you do when you're
hungry I feel so bad we're getting this
taken care of he's fine he's doing good
I know I know but still I do feel bad I
know he's hungry
Mike chasin specialist is coming she's
gonna watch me eat him I didn't I told
you cannibalism is a bad thing Ellie
she's good she's gonna watch me feed him
Wow I think I want her to oh I know
sometimes you just can't help but laugh
cuz I cry so Jim sorry I need hey guys
we just got back from the hospital and
the lactation specialist watched me feed
Jackson and she gave me a lot of tips
that I didn't know just because I
transitioned Jackson off the nipple
shield onto my breast I thought he had a
good latch and he did but because he is
still not used to it he would unlatch
like four or five times during a feeding
and so he'd get really frustrated and
not want to latch back on even though he
was really hungry so that is the biggest
reason why the past couple days he's
been so upset and so fussy and then on
top of it the lactation specialist also
that I probably I do have milk but I
probably am not having enough for him
and it's not coming out fast enough for
him because the nutshell does prevent um
it does make your milk supply go down
quite a bit so we fixed one of the
things we were able to keep him on the
high hating breasts and stuff
is it okay to say boob sickled she was
able to teach me how to keep Jackson on
to the boob a little bit better that
fixed one problem he had a feeding that
was wonderful he didn't unlatch one so
that helped a lot so between that and me
picking up fenugreek yeah fenugreek
fenugreek I picked up some of that and
I'm going to start taking that and I
picked up some mothers tea and I'm going
to be taking that as well and then I'm
just gonna try really hard to drink
extra water and to eat even more at home
but I think with all of that stuff we
are going to be able to still continue
to breastfeed last night I told Jared I
was done I said this is not working out
he's not happy I'm not happy I'm
stressed Jackson stressed and it just it
wasn't gonna work out but and then what
did I say don't stop believin hold on to
that fear and Jack Black did indeed a
little little little did you and Jared
sang me this song and I thought oh the
angels are singing and I won't give up
of course not no after going to the
hospital and after having a specialist
watched Jackson II and give me a couple
pointers
I feel really refreshed and I feel like
I am going to try this again Jackson is
a good feeder like when when I had the
shield he ate really well and when I
winged him off of the shield he still
ate really well I just think all of a
sudden maybe my milk supply is going
down a little bit and on top of it I
wasn't like holding him correctly
against me so I think we are on the road
to recovery and I really appreciate all
of your guys's
nice comments yeah I think we'll be good
I will still continue to give you guys
an update on what's going on but as of
right now
Jackson is asleep and I am going to go
to sleep my eyes feel very heavy and my
head hurts and I'm tired the past couple
days have been really rough trying to
figure this out and I think we got it so
are you a happy dad I'm a happy dad I'm
always a happy dad yep I'm a happy
dagger
no you're happy mama you are the mom you
are mama you're the best mama I just
said that because I was watching the
birds and I wasn't thinking
we have been addicted to these Eagles
the Eagle cam mom Mary you screw up so
you can see that y'all's head that has
crawled out look at the little baby
eating there was a little there's a
little squirrel right here you can see
the remains of it right here that the
eagle was giving to the baby isn't that
amazing
like like isn't wildlife amazing I
advise amazing and like we're in the
same boat like it's amazing that I'm
able to like feed Jackson and like
produce milk like it's amazing that you
have these boobs tickles IG loves to eat
with boob sickles boob sickles that's
your worry today that's easier to say
instead of breast breast breast is is
okay anyway we're on the way to recovery
and everything is going well so thanks
again see you guys later bye
