well guys today is a sad day I'm getting
ready to feed Jackson um some of my
formula that I pumped for him
please snappy god that's gettin all
explained I just fed Jackson a bottle
using my own milk that I pumped when I
first brought him home and today I just
realized something really sad that's
going on with my wife so I thought you
guys might want a little update I've
noticed a couple changes with Jackson
just in the past two weeks and Jackson
from the moment of bringing him home
he's been that perfect baby and every
time he has cried I have known exactly
what he is needed and the past two weeks
he's kind of been a lot really fussy and
I wondered if he was fussy because he
had a doctor's appointment and they did
his checkup and I thought well maybe
he's a little upset also I was using a
nipple shield with Jackson and we got
him to use the natural breast so I was
wondering if maybe he was having an
issue at that but I really didn't think
that was the issue because he's been
naturally breastfeeding for about a week
and a half now without using the shield
well to go back now when I went to the
hospital I had two requirements I told
the hospital that I did not want them to
give Jackson a binky because I didn't
want him to get confused with different
nipples I wanted him to be able to
breastfeed really well first and also I
told them I did not want to use a nipple
shield and for those of you who don't
know what a nipple shield is it is a
plastic nipple that you place over your
own and it helps the baby to be able to
breastfeed easier and to latch on it
also helps with moms that have sore
boobs that helps create a barrier
between the nipple and the babies so
that they are so sore so I told him I
didn't want to use a shield when Jackson
was born he was having a hard time
latching on they said that we needed to
use a shield well now that I look back
they only let Jackson try and eat for
five minutes before they slapped a
shield on me and it's not their fault
it's mine I should have said no and
stuck to my guns but they were pretty
adamant that he had to eat really quick
now
look back like he could have gone ours
like let him get hungry and let him do
it naturally he could have done it
anyway so I got the shield and they said
that I can wean him off well I already
knew that that wasn't gonna be the case
because I knew what I was getting into
my sister used a nipple shield and her
milk dried up the baby doesn't get
enough nutrients when you use a shield
because the milk flow only goes so
strong I used it because they told me I
needed to and I tried to wean him off
and of course he would not like I knew
he wouldn't the past two months he's
been using a shield well last week I was
able to wean him off and I was so proud
of him he was able to breastfeed really
well for a solid week then all of a
sudden he's been fussy the past four or
five days he's had some air bubbles than
his tummy and I just thought with being
on the breast he was getting more air
bubbles than the nipple shield so we got
those worked out and now all the bubbles
are gone and he still is being fussy and
not what I'm holding him not when he's
in his swing but just fussy as in like
he wakes up early from his naps but he
sleeps in the night really well I
decided today to pump I got nothing I
didn't get I I got like a drop like not
even anything after ten minutes I got
nothing but I called all my sisters I
called my mom and they said that I'm all
dried up and so I am in the middle of
waiting to hear back from a specialist
to talk about what we can do to get my
supply back up in the meantime I just
gave him some of my breast milk that I
had in the freezer but I I'm really sad
and I'm really sad that he was so fussy
and so upset and I had a couple signs to
tell me what was going on but I didn't
even relate it until now so the past
couple days he's been you know a little
hungrier than normal and I feel so bad
but we're getting it worked out I
thought you guys might want an update on
what's going on like I said I understood
what I was getting into with the shield
and I was really happy that he was able
to wean off because every mom that I
know of that has ever used a shield has
not been able to wean their kids off I
do give me and him some props for that
but look what good it's done now you
know
there are some things that I can do but
I also know that you can only do so much
and I'm not gonna stress and I do have a
thyroid issue and I just looked that up
online they say if your dose isn't right
you can lose your milk to my thyroid
hasn't been checked out since after I
had Jackson and so maybe it's adjusted
and I need to get a higher dose or a
lower dose you know there's a lot of
things that we need to look into and
work out but in the meantime I only have
milk supply for a couple weeks I don't
know where I'm so sad like I'm sad I'm
sorry in the meantime I thought you guys
just would love to hear an update
I also helps to vent and anyways so
that's what's going on with us at the
Meachem household I'm glad that Jackson
has a full tummy now and feeling just a
little bit better the specialist called
back and she gave me a couple tips to do
she also told me that I was using my
breast pump wrong I just used it and I
was able to get one ounce which isn't
that much considering how long it's been
I do feel okay that I'm not completely
dried up we're just on the road to
getting back up my milk supply because I
really am certain that that's what it's
been going on with Jackson in the
meantime I am drinking a lot of water
and eating really I'm I'm already eating
really good but I'm going to be even
better I'm gonna have Jared pick up some
rich foods so that I could get some
fatty foods in me I know you guys all
have a ton of recommendations other than
a good strong diet and water and pumping
if you have anything else to add to that
feel free to let me know I've also heard
that there's stuff called like milk
cookies so I could like eat and it would
help my milk supply I don't know if you
guys have any help that would be great
in the end I really don't want to do
formula it's expensive and this is free
and it's better for him anyway
in the end if that's what it has to come
to that's okay we'll keep you guys
updated I hope you have a wonderful day
we'll see you guys later okay bye
you
