hey everyone Jackson I wanted to sit
down and give you guys a big update on
how he has been doing the past two
months the first month we brought
Jackson home from the hospital and
Jackson ate any and he pooped and
the ace of our and he slept a lot more
and he pooped a lot more so that first
month was pretty repetitive and we were
kind of homebodies Jackson just slept so
much that I had to wake him up for every
single meal even in the evening I would
have to wake him up and so that first
month it gave me and Jared a chance to
actually put Jackson on a schedule for
what we wanted his schedule to be like
and so we would make um up every three
hours to eat and we would try to get him
to stay awake a little bit and then we
would put it back to sleep and we kept
doing that and so now that he's two
months old he does that all on his own
now so now that he's two months old
every three hours Jackson will wake up
and it's time to eat he eats every three
hours throughout the day and then when
it comes to night time Jackson will wake
up one time to eat or once in a while he
will sleep through the night
so with feeding Jackson and I have
strictly done
breast milk and he has been doing really
well at that when I was at the hospital
they gave me a nipple shield Jackson was
on that for about two months in just the
past week and a half we have been able
to wean him off of it thank goodness and
I'm actually doing a separate video on
the nipple shield in my opinion and my
experience with that I have quite the
experience without so that'll be another
video but Jackson has been strictly been
doing breast milk and he's been doing
really well with that Jackson has been
doing really well with sleeping also
like I said he will only wake up about
once in the night but throughout the day
usually he wakes up for his morning
being anywhere from 6 o'clock to 8
o'clock depending on if you woke up in
the middle of the night to eat so who
wake up let's say around 7 o'clock and
we'll eat and then we do a wake time and
this is how they do every feeding he
eats and he stays awake and then he
sleeps for a wake time we do anything
from giving fast to belly time a lot of
times I'll rub his belly for a wake time
just to kind of get his gas bubbles to
come out sometimes he will sit in his
swing for a little bit while I get ready
or sometimes he'll just sit in my lap
and we'll just talk and kiss a lot most
of the time and then I will put him back
to bed and he'll take his nap and
usually he'll sleep for a good hour and
a half and then he will wake up again to
eat and then we'll do a wake time and
that's about how our schedule goes all
day long are you Jackson
just a couple things about little
Jackson that I've noticed it was so fun
the first day that I noticed his tongue
he was about four weeks old and I kept
seeing his little time stick out a lot
he just stuck that little tongue out all
the time and it was so fun and he lately
has been finding his fists a lot more
and he will step on his little fist
Jackson loves bath time every time we've
given in the bath he just he loves and
he soaks it all in and he's always
smiling Jackson also I get the most
smiles when I'm changing Jackson's
diaper and it's funny because I think
most babies cry when they get their
diaper changed but he seems to quite
enjoy it and I wonder if it's the angles
I'm right above the minikin seeming he's
always smiling when I change his diaper
Jackson does not like low music or low
voices
it is really funny because when we were
at church they were singing a really low
song and his bottom lip puckered and he
just cried and cried and then we came
home and Jared was playing the guitar
and he played like a minor song and it
was really low and Jackson again
puckered his lips up and cried and cried
he does not
low music he likes really happy and
uplifting music Jackson also loves to be
swaddled and loves to be held and most
of all he loves old blue his little
binky and surprise he doesn't want it
right now but he loves his BP and as far
as Jackson stats go we took him to his
two-month checkup and he weighs 10
pounds now he is in the tenth percentile
for weight the doctor said he is small
just like his mom and dad his head is in
the 50th percentile he's growing nice
and strong and his height he's in the
25th percentile for height and I can't
remember I think they said he's 24
inches in height but he is in the 25th
percentile for his height you know
that's just a small update of Jax's
little schedule and that is our little
life right now we just we eat and we
sleep and that's what we do all day long
for the past couple months and I can
just tell that Jackson girls every day
he's getting so long I can't fit him all
my legs anymore
because his legs like go up into my
belly now so he definitely is growing
and he is a happy little boy Jackson is
a very happy little boy despite all the
little angry looks he gives everybody he
is happy inside but he is growing out of
this phase of his angry poop face maybe
not maybe he's given you guys the angry
eye the whole time I don't know baby he
does smile a lot and that's all update I
hope you guys enjoy seeing that little
update I look forward to another update
I'm going to be talking a lot about
breastfeeding and that nipple shield
that I talked about I've had quite the
experience the past couple days with
Jackson and that and so I saved that for
another video thank you guys so much for
watching and thank you guys so much for
watching our whole journey I cannot
believe that he is sitting here with me
for this update and if I missed anything
if you guys have any questions feel free
to ask below and I will make sure to get
back to you don't forget to thumbs up
the video and subscribe if you would
like and I will
you in the next video thumbs up
something up with your thumb
you
