good morning how's it going guys wait
what what are you talking about this Oh
miss hold on us again
this thing this no mm-hmm I woke up like
this
yeah I look that good when I wake up
don't worry it's okay you don't have to
be mad at me it's my hair
that's how I do that is how I do
it is Saturday morning it is the perfect
day for me to make breakfast for my wife
and little boy obviously he can't eat it
but I'm gonna make it for him anyway
and I'll eat his share it's okay that's
how it works let's make some pancakes
what good job on sleeping through the
entire night Jackson good job you did so
good I'm so proud of you oh yeah yeah oh
you don't want to be a camera oh you're
looking a shot say hi there you go
little guy
I'm gonna hang out there for a while
well daddy makes breakfast okay yeah
there you go ooh baby cook on the
griddle cook on the griddle baby cook on
the griddle yeah cook on the griddle so
do you guys wanna hear the most annoying
sound in the world it's not dumb and
Dumberer thing I promise but check this
out and we'll have to see what Jackson
does ready
don't like it too much it was so
hilarious I wish I would have gotten on
camera the first time I did that he he
why I hit it and he goes just like the
POW Dias face you can't ever see without
crying it was oh there goes did you did
it oh I think he's hungry mama let's try
it again
let's try it again ready
dee dee dee dee dee dee you have boogers
in your eyes I do eat your bookies in
your eyes
Ellie I've got to put these golden rich
delicious pancakes on a plate so we can
eat them oh don't forget the bacon don't
forget the bacon bacon bacon bacon bacon
hey I guess he needs his breakfast
before mine please my app out to time
everything you know sigh father just
prepare got a prepare and gotta make it
work right side right side strong side
left side strong side left side strong
side eat bacon bacon time do you guys
want some bacon
or what's this do you get you guys want
some breast milk with that YUM that
breast milk cow breast milk on the side
alright let's have some bacon but if you
want breast milk there it is guys oh hey
um le but no breast pads at the table
please don't show that dad
douche Evan I'm trying to make a
delicious breakfast and she's got her
breast pellet on the table it's my
coaster frisbee how are you you're good
yeah I'm so proud of you
you slept all night long yes you did yes
I so happy
good job for that I'll give you a diaper
change
well : I am at Target and the best part
target is your big red balls
I found your big red balls the funny
thing about that is the very first time
I'm Jarrod heard me swear and fart was
when we were dating and I jumped over
one of those and fell and that's the
first time Jared heard that kind of
funny fun here at Target and for our
church we are going to bless Jackson and
so I'm trying to find a blessing outfit
I'm having such a hard time because I'm
seeing such two outfits like this this
like they have such cute little boy
outfits but I found an outfit online
that I wanted to get him and I don't see
it here on store the closest like church
up that I see is is this and that's not
really where I'm looking for so I'm
keeping my eye out I found it this is
the one that I saw online and I think
this is what I'm going to get because
that would be a cute appropriate Church
outfit don't you think they look smaller
in person or are your balls bigger : or
are these ones I don't know but if I had
to record this for you :
so I
well what did you do I'm kind of jealous
with all these balls that you've been
talking about these big balls that you
like what's the dealio I didn't have
time to like tell my story in depth yeah
cuz held the story again but Jared and I
were engaged we were at Best Buy and
it's some of the big balls they have the
tall skinny pillars and I jumped over
one of them and it was really high and I
like fell off of it and as I was jumping
like it was my very first time I this is
not ladylike but I I farted on accident
and then I swore and it's the first time
Jared had ever heard me far and swear
and it was all on Mike one sitting and I
felt really stupid afterwards because
when I was embarrassed I farted in front
of him and - I was embarrassed that I
like swore in front of them but I
thought it was freaking hilarious like
we're gonna reenact it right now no I
I'll do it for you okay so that's here
I need something to hop skip and jump
over so so that's key on the beds
pretend that this is the pillar that
Ellie was jumping over what she did it
was really tall it's the tall skinny one
so you know they're like that tall so I
and I jump over first I was like okay
Ellie your turn and what she did she was
like and this is going to be in slow
motion so Oh
that's what happened so she tried to
jump over she didn't quite make it and
farted and swore at the same time so I
thought that was funny it's true that
happened five years ago five years ago
and I still like you still and and every
time we go to Best Buy every single time
we laugh like that is something that we
remember it's so funny hey Ellie do you
remember that one time when you tried to
jump over those yeah that's always Sarah
yeah well guys I think that's a wrap for
the day
um if you guys missed we are going to be
doing videos every Monday and every
Wednesday and I told Jarrett I would
love it if we could do Monday Wednesday
and Friday and then Friday be my mommy
videos like I know you guys don't want
to know how I liked that mama Roo I know
you guys are wanting a day in the life
and and we are going to do it we have a
list of things that we want to do but
literally Jared has a full-time job and
then he even has like another little
side job that he does and then YouTube
so it's hard for Jared to edit
everything but I want to start to learn
how to edit I keep telling Jared right
yeah I would love to learn how to edit
and then I could do my own videos on
Fridays you know I could teach you but I
have to chop my milkshake brings on the
boss of the OP and they're like it's
better than yours go straight it's
better than yours I could teach you but
I have to charge do that one more time
mom milk shake brings all of us um yeah
so I really want to learn how to edit
dirt we use Final Cut Pro so do you
think I could learn do you yeah toi I
think editing what we do with the vlogs
like it's really just basic like cutting
and trimming and moving it's really
simple
um I really think you'd be able to do it
it's just a matter of like teaching on
the short cuts and you know
the export file you know the different
compression settings that we use I'm
already lost are you lost on so I need a
start I need to start learning how to
stop saying um but um so that my editing
for myself will be faster so I don't
have to add all that out so anyway
that's the plan I may be here in two
weeks I can get editing down really good
and then maybe I can start doing my own
vlogs but for sure Monday and Wednesday
and maybe we'll start doing bonus clips
on Friday if we can squeeze in an extra
little video but thank you guys so much
for watching we have so much fun
together doing these we have so much fun
hopefully we're entertaining to you guys
and if not hopefully we're informative I
don't know what we'd be informative of
bacon bacon bacon making babies
something we're making something happen
here yeah okay well thank you guys we'll
see you in the next video make sure to
thumbs up so that we know that you guys
enjoy it what are you trying to say
Jared subscribe Jared's in the corner so
tell me I subscribe if you guys haven't
subscribed I haven't you is totally free
and it's just in the corner up there
like it and subscribe if you like we're
not forcing you to do anything but like
always we'll see in the next video bye
you
