hey everyone I am here with one of my
many sisters Bonnie we have a handful of
other sisters that are not here with us
we have a sister Julie and Ruby and our
brother's wife is Emily and she's just
one of us too but we thought it would be
fun to sit down and do a sister tag and
we are not going by any rule any
specific outline yeah we brought down a
handful of things that we thought that
you guys might want to see so we're just
going to jump in and get started
so who wants to go first I don't know if
we're doing this right but we just
thought it'd be fun so we don't care if
it's right or wrong we're just doing it
yeah we're doing this yeah so I'll let
you go first
first question was do you have anything
that's matching do you want to answer it
or do you okay we're doing um yeah but
we have all of our beauty stuff is
matching we have our flat irons or
curling irons are pure ology hair stuff
all of our hair care beauty products are
matching our perfume we both wear Juicy
Couture so it is and we have jewelry
that matches our phones we don't have to
say my vices go the second question is
do we fight and I would say no and not
even growing up we fought we are five
years apart so growing up we weren't in
that category really like did we fought
like I was more of your Laurita yeah she
was just like my little friend like my
parents didn't want me dating without
kind of a little supervisor so Ellie
came on a lot of dates that we went on
and it was fun we never fought and she
wouldn't tell my parents anything but
how does another day I learned the
pileup I'd learned to keep my mouth shut
because then I got more treats it had
more fun and yeah memory of each other
good or bad but am bad good and bad okay
okay so I just always remember Ellie she
was a she's teeny but even when she was
little she was so much more teeny and
she was so cute and she would stand on
the stairs and we would shoot I would
like she's dead on the third stair she
would jump and I would catch it oh so
much fun but she was just so trusting
and cute and she got clear up all my the
fifth or sixth and I was like okay yeah
and I moved to the side and there poor
little body just like collapsed on down
the stairs huh I feel like you out there
yeah come here let's give it the odd
memory oh you go for you do one
oh thank I have a lot of good memories
but a good memory is Bonnie went up to
school and I would come up on the
weekends and spend the night with her
and her roommates and we would get
dinner and and going on dates with her I
always went on dates I was a tag-along
that was fun she did come up to my
apartment even when I was nasty and tiny
and she used to climb in bed with me and
my husband Joel and we would like what
did we watch Desperate Housewives like
50 episodes in a row Oh fun fun what's
your bad one I can't think of any
well my bad memory and I don't want to
say bad memory oh my god memory is just
being at Grandma's house and Bonnie was
like in charge
she was mom and dad and so she thought
that she could swear because she was
cool and mom and dad was not around so
mom and dad won't get mad at her she
swore so that's probably bad memories
she thought she was so cool Ellie was
always nice to me because I was like her
big older sister so she was never mean
to me one time she I was graduating high
school and I was getting ready to move
out I think I was like packing all my
stuff and Ellie was like money and I was
just like leave me alone Ellie get out
of here and I think I was really neat to
her I think I was really neat or and
then she was crying she's like I just
had a present for you and I even still
have them throw these little pink like
earrings from Walmart but I remember
that it's our sweetie being one of them
and am I really
she was question number four what is
your favorite makeup brand um I don't
have a favorite makeup brand but because
I like all of them for certain things
definitely Mac I know everyone loves Mac
but I love Mac I just and yeah she's a
little just as much but I I liked Mac a
lot what else do we have
I like makeup forever like Makeup
Forever HD not bill applause foundation
question number five do we have tempers
we have tempers thanks dad I think so
just a little temper yeah and we both
are very similar
question number six do you bite your
nails haha no no we both don't because
we like crisp crisp clean nails
we both do shellac I think most of the
time we used to do acrylic a lot that we
both you have to lack a lot now I think
don't bite your nails don't fight you
know that's a key question number seven
really isn't a question is what are like
what are similarities we have a lot that
is similar I think I think out of all of
the sisters out of all my sisters we all
get along we all love each other we all
have hobbies but me and Bonnie are
probably more similar just because we
both went to hair school and so our
interests are very similar yeah so we
both do hair we both get cold sores we
both get cold sores they're terrible we
both have dark under-eye circles
I think we all can have a little sister
movies is the best she doesn't have as
darker circles and Julie kind of does
bless you
we both have brown eyes we both are
extremely particular as far as like
cleaning goes we're very clean we like
things picked up we like things I don't
know about organized another don't wear
your shoes on my carpet don't put your
keys on my piano don't walk in and put
your stuff on my piano ooh
we both hate that we like we like other
people to be respectful of our things
because we are respectful of other
parked cars when you get it don't put
your feet on my cars I'm back my feet
yes or when you get in pick your feet up
and stick it in the car don't like drag
your dirty feet across like the whatever
it's made of what she has
she keeps nice even if it's not nice
yeah her car that's not a very nice car
it's nice because she keeps it nice so
that was one thing our parents taught us
not doesn't matter if you have kids it
doesn't matter
so much cuz I have an older home but
like and some of the rooms are new some
are not and some are not Andy
the ones that are not I try to keep them
not as fun to keep playing but anyway so
we're very very similar that way well
that was fun yeah
that was fun yeah so we had a lot of fun
doing that we hope that you guys learn
something new about me and it was fun to
introduce my sister to you all so I hope
you guys enjoyed the video and if you
guys have sisters or siblings or moms
feel free to do the tag and make sure to
thumbs up the video for fun sisters that
look alike I don't know a lot of my own
a lot of you guys say that we look a lot
alike but I don't know you have darker
and blonde but this is her natural hair
color and I have a couple highlights in
mine yeah her sisters sisters forever ha
ha ha see ya
