good morning everybody Jackson and I
made a road trip down to Grandma's house
and then we stopped at Olivia's house my
sister Bonnie's house so Olivia let me
in Jackson sleep in her room that was so
nice of you huh
yeah yeah do you want to show them your
big bed yeah okay Olivia let me sleep in
her big bed last night I thought that
was so nice
me and my sister Bonnie are just gonna
hang out today she's gonna cut my hair
we're gonna do our makeup we're just
gonna have sister time and we left
Jerrod to work hard and I'm sure he had
a wonderful night last night I heard he
got pizza so
okay we're gonna play I spy
no Cody yeah okay I Spy something white
can you guess what something white is in
the room yeah okay what's in the room
that's white what's white
can you guess Cody what's in the room
that's white
I guess what is it no no it's in the
room huh yes you're right it's the door
good job yeah my turn what do what do
you spy in the room I is it the bouncer
yeah is it good
huh you told me it's Jackson's blanket
hey guys it is me I am here and you are
there and we are going to have an
awesome time tonight guess what guys
initiate bachelor mode and I think
Charles Trippy did it best I've got to
come over here into the bathroom there's
something that I need to do and it's
right here phase one of bachelor mode is
complete on to Phase two
yes this is Papa John's I'd like to
order one man Pizza bring it over right
now I'm hungry
you
we
fail
yeah
how long have you been waiting to hold
him yes since he was born huh Oh oh my
gosh hey just miss ya hold her oh he
loves you there we go
yes Peter look at my school she's like
knows exactly what to do she's been
waiting until the snow melted to hold
him huh yeah oh not on the lips for the
cheese on the cheese no on the nose okay
you want to pull my hair yeah for my
ears I long yes Cody what's his name
good that time yes Jackie's baby yes all
the cousins just love him I love that
they love him you just love him huh I
don't think he wants to pull your hair
that I did so I drove three hours to do
my makeup with my sister we love
watching makeup tutorials and we both
are hairstyle
so we just love makeup we are going to
do the sister tag and so we decided to
get all dolled up and this is reality
we are moms we have no makeup on we have
not brushed our teeth and it is noon so
we're gonna do our makeup so we're gonna
do our makeup and we just we just love
that that's what we do yeah
so we're jump this is my makeup this is
my sister's makeup booyah
I'm jealous you better drill this line
for how long good
choose a crap out of them are they hairy
they're nasty rusty all righty
Jackson is up and I have to feed him my
makeup is all done bonnie is just
finishing up and then we are going to do
our sister tag girl look at that body
girl look up oh good morning guys good
morning good morning good morning
I slept terribly I could not sleep at
all last night it was so bad but I'm
awake now I actually just got back from
the post office and Laura from Latvia I
probably you probably say like Laura in
Latvia I'm not sure how but thank you
Laura
that is so kind of you to send us
something all the way around the world
from Latvia I'm gonna FaceTime l even
when I open this hole I think it'll be a
lot of fun but first I'm actually really
hungry so I need to eat some breakfast
so let's see what should we eat today
what do we have in the fridge oh there
we go
breakfast in the Mon we're pushed in the
Mon breakfast in the morning yeah Fred
with Mona bad Mahina ha ha ha ha ha
bachelor mode you know that's right I
just finished opening up these packages
and I just had to show you because I
think they're so cool so Laura from
Latvia she sent us these socks
and these socks are so cool and when I
was in Finland socks like these were
just like Laura said like so cool of
gifts like traditional gifts and so I'm
so excited because I never got any cool
Finnish socks so look at those I think
these ones are for Elly
these ones are Jackson how cute are
those and then I think these ones are
for me
and then also some Latvian chocolate
which European chocolate by the way is
to die for
I've got Ella here by the way how you
doing le say hi Olivia
what is your money I love also we had
another youtuber her name is Brittany
I'll put her channel below she designed
this little clock for Jackson how cool
is that
look at that they've got the giraffes on
there I think that is so cool
thank you guys so much for these gifts
and I just had to FaceTime Ellie to show
her these cool things that we got let's
good talking to you I miss you miss you
when are you gonna come home yes what a
poopy pants I think she called you poopy
pants I think she just called me poopy
pants you're a poopy pants Olivia
goodbye yeah bye I think we're making a
tasty treat what are we making Olivia
making treats its animals and cereal
marshmallows in cereal Cody you are
chocolate chips so what is in order for
Virginia they were making s'mores
like butter yeah what was that again you
see sing that lovely tune again Swami
that's her Livia open that mouth oh yes
so many words reloj okay everyone it is
at the end of the night and all of our
babies are fast asleep yeah and we just
order takeout we're just gonna hang out
rest of the night
Jim fun day yes we had fun we just
basically fed babies and we're mommies
yep
we thought doing our makeup was the
highlight of our day it totally was and
just so you guys know Jared and I are
going to try and get on a new schedule
our new schedule is Monday and
Wednesdays so keep your eyes out for
that I think that's it we will see you
the next video bye
