hey everyone I am excited to sit down
with you guys and tell you about how I'm
doing with postpartum and how I'm doing
being a new mommy how I am recovering
physically I feel like I jumped back
into my normal self really fast I am
seven weeks postpartum and at my six
week doctor appointment I went in and
they weighed me during my pregnancy I
gained a healthy 35 pounds before I got
pregnant for the life of me I was it the
same way I tried to gain weight and I
couldn't I just naturally come from a
smaller family and so before I got
pregnant I was borderline a hundred
pounds and I got pregnant I gained my
weight everything was going smoothly at
my 6-week postpartum doctor appointment
I am now 105 pounds and I do not want to
lose any more I want to stay at this
weight I would actually like to be 110
but for my height and for my genes I
guess this is the best way that I'm
gonna get so I'm gonna I'm at 105
I have not exercised I have not done any
raps a couple of you guys have asked if
I've done any of those I have not done
anything the only thing I've been doing
differently is my diet I have been
eating a lot of healthy food and I have
very very rarely eaten any fast food and
it's mostly because I just haven't
craved it with breastfeeding I just
really wanted to eat really well for
Jackson I feel really well about my body
adjusting it has adjusted extremely fast
and the reason why I don't know I just I
jumped back really fast I also only bled
for about two weeks after my delivery
and the last week of it was actually
just spotty
so even with recovery as far as delivery
I feel like I recovered really fast how
I am doing emotionally after my
postpartum I feel like the first two
weeks were a little bit rough
I cried quite a bit over everything I
was getting really hot and I was getting
really cold and I think that was just my
body adjusting back I was up and down
like a roller coaster but now that I've
kind of evened out and gotten back to my
self again as far as postpartum
depression or baby blues I feel like I
haven't had any baby blues I feel like I
haven't had any depression I feel like
my spirits are really high and I'm just
really happy also part of it I feel like
is because I'm on my right medication my
thyroid levels were off and so now that
I am on my right dose for me everything
is like evened out being on thyroid
medication has really helped just
stabilize everything for me with my
recovery I'm a lot more emotional though
in a good way I think I find myself
crying during movies I feel myself
tearing up every day because I talked to
Jackson every day and I tell him I love
him and I tell him he's my blessing and
just seeing him every day a day doesn't
go by that I don't get teary-eyed and I
don't get emotional with him in a good
way though am I getting enough rest a
lot of people have been asking me Fi and
having a lot of sleepless nights and
that is the baby crying a lot I am
getting plenty of rest for all of those
people that said get the rest while you
can I am getting probably more rest now
because I don't have a belly in no way
and I can actually sleep at night
Jackson is a really good eater and a
really good sleeper so when the baby
sleeps I try and sleep luckily luckily
Jack sees sleeps really well through the
night I usually only make up once
and so I feel really rested and I feel
like that has helped me recover a lot as
well like I said before I deliver the
baby I was planning on breastfeeding I
am still breastfeeding and it has been
going really well
I did use a Malita double electric pump
for the first two weeks and I stocked up
my freezer with milk I really likes that
pump I don't have anything else to
compare it to but it worked but I am
breastfeeding and everything's going
really well like I said with me jumping
back into my body really fast I am
worried about breast feeding in the
future like if I lose my milk or if
anything like that I don't have much of
an appetite but I'm trying to force
myself to eat lots of nutrients to keep
up on my milk supply I'm planning on
breastfeeding as long as I can if that
means four months that's okay or if that
means a year even better so I'm not
going to be too disappointed I'm not
gonna stress myself out if I eventually
can't breastfeed anymore but as far as
that goes everything is going really
smoothly and that makes for one happy
baby and that makes for one happy mama
when I was pregnant I talked to you guys
a lot about how I loved my belly and how
I was gonna miss it so much after I had
Jackson and Here I am kind of getting a
little emotional about it
after I delivered Jackson I got into the
recovery room and I remember looking
down at my belly and I still had just it
was a little belly I can't believe how
much change my belly was like it already
was teeny after I had it and I remember
looking at my belly and telling Jared
like I miss it like I had already kind
of missed my belly yeah I have my baby
right there it was the weirdest thing
just that emotional connection that you
have that like I really missed seeing my
belly I loved the pregnancy so much like
I just I really took everything in to
the pregnancy
to enjoy every bit of it so I did miss
my belly right away but now that we've
gotten home now that I've adjusted now
that I have Jackson to kiss and hold
every waking moment it's the pregnancy
in my belly it doesn't faze me anymore
but I did miss it right after I was like
oh no like my belly is gone my baby it
was a really weird a really weird thing
that went on more babies
am I having more babies when am I having
more babies what is our plan it's so
funny right after I had Jackson for a
couple days actually in a row I had very
vivid dreams that I got pregnant really
fast
unexpectedly and it was a girl I had
this little baby girl and I had a couple
of those dreams and I just thought
that's interesting like is it just my my
hormones going that I'm just thinking
baby mode I don't know is it like a
little instinct that I'm supposed to
have another baby soon I don't know but
I thought that was really interesting I
can't give a point on when I'm gonna
have a baby if I'm gonna have a baby but
I am already ready to have a baby sooner
than later
sooner adds in like a year not like a
couple months to get pregnant again I
talked to my doctor about when I want to
have another baby if I should go to him
and if he can prescribe me the FEM era
again or if I have to go back to the
specialist he told me that they only do
clomid and now I would need to go to the
specialist for the Samara he told me
that he would start me on clomid and we
could start from there
when I told him that I had done about 6
rounds of film and I think even 7 he
automatically was like no no don't see
me then our plan is when we are ready to
have another baby we are going to try
for 3 or 4 months and if we're not
pregnant
then we are going straight back to the
fertility specialist
and we will do the Ameri again to get
pregnant I've always told myself deep
down if I just have one Here I am
emotional again if I just have one
that's okay
like I will be so happy with just
Jackson but I feel deep down I'll have
more kids and I feel like I will be able
to get pregnant so we will go from there
when the time is right as far as stretch
marks go I like I told you guys I
believe that there's really no way to
prevent stretch marks but I did use a
massage bar throughout the pregnancy on
my stomach just to give me that extra
moisture because my stomach itches a lot
and I didn't want to really rough up my
skin by scratching it but now that I've
had the baby and I've been able to see
my belly shrink back down I did not get
any stretch marks on my belly but I did
end up getting a couple of stretch marks
on my butt cheeks and a couple on my
thighs and I did get some on my chest
after the delivery so I am happy with
the little amount of stretch marks that
I did get if I miss anything or if you
guys have any questions feel free to
comment down below and I will make sure
to get back to you I will be doing an
update video of Jackson with him in my
lap really soon so keep your eye out for
that and how come you are not following
me and Jared on Twitter or Instagram or
both you can follow up both of us and
the link is after the video so make sure
to watch for that thank you guys so much
for watching and thank you guys so much
for supporting Jared and I through
trying to get pregnant through our
pregnancy through our delivery and now
with our family here you guys have been
such a good support and I have loved
reading all of your emails I've been
trying to get back to you guys as fast
as I can
and I just I'm really grateful and this
whole new journey has already been so
fun
and it's only been about two months so I
think I'm in for a lifetime of happiness
so thank you guys so much for watching
and we will see you guys in the next
video bye
