hey everyone
Brian and Missy from daily bumps tag
Jared and I and the weird questions tag
so we have sat down together and we are
going to get a little weird
I'm gonna get a little bit weird in here
weird in here weird in here I'm gonna
get a little bit weird in here weird in
here
question number one what's a nickname
only your family calls you I know this
one about Ellie already it's pretty
obvious Elvis
everyone and her family calls her at
Elvis that is her nickname I was the
only one of my family to get a nickname
so I feel pretty special as far as me I
I guess if I had a nickname the family
called me it would be jer-bear they call
me Jer bear question number two what is
a weird habit of yours a weird habit of
mine and I think a lot of people do this
like in all the other videos I I buy my
fingernails that's one thing I know
well most do weird things your toes okay
I also click my toenails together like I
I get my two feet together and I click
what you like I do this is this talking
I don't know and I always say stop doing
that cuz he's gonna like break his nail
I take my toe and I put it over my
little toe like this you see it
how'd you take your big toe and you put
it over can you see it
that's a weird habit that's well I do it
a lot because I'm getting ready in the
mornings I and I always do that I'm in
the shower and I do that and I I always
have my big toe over my other toes let's
try other have another way to have it
I'm trying to think you pick your nose a
lot cuz I don't eat it question number
three do you have any weird phobias I
afraid
spider aye I'm already cotton balls I've
always been I get all this as a phobia
but I've never wanted to die drowning
that is a phobia so yeah here yeah I'm
drowning I would never want to drown
this is a tough one hi I'm not afraid of
anything when I'm driving down the
freeway and I'm afraid that the other
person can't see me so if I'm driving by
someone on the freeway I can't be next
to them for too long because I have a
fear that they're gonna merge lanes with
me especially now that Jackson is
witless number four what's a song you
secretly love to blast and belt out when
you are alone it's tearing up my heart
when I'm with you when I was younger and
I used to sing that song to myself a lot
and like occasionally I'll get it stuck
in my head and be like oh yeah I
remember that song is it like NSYNC or
Backstreet Boys I don't even know if
this I do this alone but like I love to
sing the Beatles I love the Beatles and
so I'll sing those guys all the time I
don't have a certain song that I belt
out because I don't know the words to a
lot of songs so if we're in the car or
if I'm in the car alone and I turn on
the radio I know some words I'll belt it
and then I'll just make up the rest
question number five what is one of your
biggest pet peeves I have a lot I will
want but the one thing if you'll agree
that I complain about time and time
again is when we go out to get food or
we go out and like buy shoes or go out
and buy something is customer service I
feel like people are not appreciative of
customer spending money you know if you
want a tip why are you not like pleasing
me I got something I complain about
every time we go out yes my biggest pet
peeves like if I'm trying to please
people why can't other people please me
I get frustrated a lot but I don't show
especially when we round about but the
same idea when people are rude to us
like for customer service and everything
I really don't like that especially
because I work I do lots of customer
service in my job so I try and do my
best and go the extra mile every single
time and so it really bugs me when
someone goes absolutely nowhere with me
so that can't that would say that's my
big my second biggest pet peeve is when
we are out and people are treating us
right and I get mad and Jarrod doesn't
say something about it
I don't want Jarrod's too nice of a guy
I don't want to make a scene or make
anyone feel I don't know how to be mean
but just be like hey hey like we're
we're paying you buddy
why don't you just give us what we want
we're paying you why can't you just be
nice that way okay number six what is
one of your nervous habits maybe I
stutter a little bit when I get nervous
I think I stutter a little bit when I
get nervous
Ellie gets pretty uptight
Essie antsy when she's nervous she she
gets that she get I don't know my own
hat but yeah that's right
she gets pretty nervous uptight and kind
of short with people and when she's
nervous give me my food I want my food
question number seven what side of the
bed do you sleep on closest to the door
so she can get away from me or something
like I can read I don't know yeah if you
are facing the bed
I currently sleep on the left and Ellie
sleeps on the right as nice my to go
take the baby yeah okay question number
eight what was your first stuffed animal
and its name I don't think I had one
honestly I don't think I had a stuffed
animal I'm pretty sure I had a blanket
and it was blankie I don't know though I
can't remember the first stuffed animal
I remember getting was a duck and it was
in a suitcase and my grandma sent it to
me and I believe I was like four I was
not
and in school yes I think I wasn't four
years old and I remember opening it and
I remember asking her on the phone but
why like why did you get me a duck
because in my head I was thinking why
not a dog but boy you can be a stuffed
dog but it was a dud
I think I just called it ducky was it a
blue duck no the yellow duck
I drew the duck blue because I've never
seen a blue done before question number
nine what is the drink that you always
order at Starbucks my we don't drink
coffee
I don't but I really like in the winter
they're caramel apple cider the very few
times that I've been to Starbucks I
won't get like hot chocolate and I'll do
half white chocolate half dark chocolate
and it's really good plus I like to
drink dr. pepper
a Starbucks start serving dr. pepper
maybe you'll see me there a little bit
more question number 10 what is one
beauty rule you preach but never
practice don't bite your nails yeah you
do that I'm pretty good I think I'm a
okay on this one I don't brush my teeth
every night I guess the same thing
doesn't flossing right yeah but other
than that way I follow most people you
are so beautiful-beautiful you practice
what you preach me okay question number
11 which way do you face in the shower I
face towards the shower so the water is
hitting me when I'm washing my hair I
face towards the the spout when I'm
washing my body I face away from you
washer the water is coming at you and
you're washing your hair with your head
I go like this when I wash that weird
and then when I wash my body sprays my
back that's weird
I just have a move it we shower together
mmm sweet sweetness number 12 do you
have any weird qualities skills yes with
my tendon right here
I'm not sure if you guys can see this I
can make it a little bit you see that if
I get my finger like this thank you make
both not pretty weird I think that's
pretty weird that's weird and then I can
make my finger like that what's a
goodbye skill I have you far along I'm
kidding I don't have a weird body skill
but if I were to have one I can out
stink jerk I don't want to admit that do
you but but it's the truth
and I'm gonna own up to it and question
number 13 what's your favorite comfort
food that's bad but you'd love to eat
anyway I eat Oreos for breakfast what's
wrong with that
I grew up and my mom said it was okay to
eat cake for breakfast house flour and
eggs in it and milk and so I eat what I
want and I'm in care of its bath so
everything everything dr. peppers I mean
dr. pepper is not bad good for you but I
drink it like it is the last drip of
water from the desert I love dr. pepper
question number 14 what is a phrase or
exclamation that you always use one
thing that I say a lot and especially at
work is for the strength of youth and
that is kind of like for pete's sake so
it's like oh he did that again for the
strength of youth and I say cheeseballs
crap I think this is what Jared might
say a lot together for I oh I always go
betta me Dad that means it's finished
for what so I we are always less liked
what what what meet that Ellie also says
and other expletives that we can't say
today question number 15 it is time to
sleep what are you actually wearing mmm
I wear underwear mmm
pretty simple I get too hot if I wear
like sweatpants or something
I actually I'll do like one of two
things all either wear just my underwear
or I will wear like pajama pants you
wear your whole sweat out sometimes I
wear this jacket and bought another why
you do that when we are sleeping Ellie
will attach her body to me and and our
bodies will be then stuck together
because of the night sweat and I wear
the sweat outfit to repel her body
because it is just sticky and stuck
tight and cold so then I want to cuddle
but I don't wanna wear sweatpants good
thank you Brian and Missy for tagging
Jer tonight this is really fun to do I
hope that you guys found one or two
weird things about us hopefully not all
15 it got a little weird in here though
didn't it just a little we are going to
tag Jenny Wagner and her husband her
channel name is that one couple not one
couple no one couple so we are tagging
you we will leave her link down below we
will leave Brian and Missy's link down
below so that you guys can see their
answers to their weird question tags
they're kind of weird so you're on a
little vampire they are a little bit
weird we'll see you guys in the next
video bye bye we should do our thumbnail
right now like something like tiny no no
I got to eat my leg above your head
thumbnail fail too
you
you
you
