good morning hi buddy whoa this shoe he
likes his mama huh I barked at him the
other day and he cried he likes him now
good you got deafen you what you mister
kept us up a lot last night because
you're snoring you were snoring Ellie
and I were thinking and I was telling
her I was like man his snoring is
keeping us awake but I was like we were
laughing I'm like that's a good problem
to have
like we've waited so long for this and
we finally have it like we finally have
this little baby such a blessing and
he's snoring he's finally here with us
and he's snoring and keeping us awake
and I just couldn't help but laugh and
say like Lassie what a blessing that is
that he's here with us and he's keeping
us awake like I'm so glad to have a baby
by our side even though he snores in
cases a week it's pretty funny it's a
loud snore should we go make breakfast
Oh jeepers what do you want anything you
want I'll make I will make anything that
you want that we have ebelskivers elbows
commensals keepers you don't wanna make
those though huh those are hard to make
I've never actually made them but I will
do that for you and I will try I will
attempt to make evel's keepers you're
not hard to do that's what she said I'll
do them but they might turn out bad so I
apologize in advance I'm Jarrod you're
supposed to have him
uh ready for bed this is my attempt at
wrapping him up his arms his arms go
Alan on the outside right mm-hmm looks
like he's gonna fall asleep any second
I tried he's just so Wiggly and cute and
I don't want to leave him in the room
alone because I want to hold him
I think he looks a little better I just
I don't really see that much difference
versus mine I think they look about the
same no clearly good night Jackson Hey
thank you good sleep
stop resisting you need to go to sleep
resistance is futile keep that pinky on
your mouth alrighty then so here is the
situation guys I have never made these
before they're called Apple skeevers my
mom is amazing at making these little
things my grandma is amazing at making
these things Ellie is amazing and making
these things Ellie's mom and dad are so
good at making these things I've never
made them before but there's a first
time for everything so follow along with
me and we're gonna try real hard and
we're gonna make these I hope that they
turn out great if they don't well
there's always cereal I guess that's
kind of lame but let's give it a shot
let's see what we gotta do I need to get
eggs milk pancake mix sugar and vanilla
so let me get all of those things I am
trying to make a bowl skeevers yeah do
you need oil for the pan yeah and how
much would you put in the man I measure
two puddles and put it in G how do you
fold egg whites
Ellie do you want to go out for
breakfast
okay guys first and foremost this is a
judgment-free zone okay I'm gonna give
my best shot here we go well the first
batch turned out okay that's all I mean
they're a little on the darker side but
I think for my first time they look
pretty good but it all comes down to the
taste test so here in a minute we'll do
all that I've got to make some more of
these though and there you have a boys
and girls
these are Apple schemers that look okay
they don't look terrible I mean they
don't right they don't look bad I don't
think they look terrible this is
honestly for my first time I think I did
pretty truth these are better than when
I ever make them I like them a little
crunch here than these like they are
gonna be amazing but you're probably
just saying that to make me feel better
and I appreciate that instead of
breakfast it's this is lunch like it's
about what we were planning on breakfast
or like I'm let's just to brunch that'll
be fun and we're having lunch now
a little powder powder powder powder
powder powder powder powder powder
powder
I need a sifter give me your honest
opinion okay first bite look at that
they look pretty good
they don't like to go eat doughy yeah I
always make them doughy mmm is it good
be honest be honest is it good look
no the light ones the last ones probably
could have been cooked at even longer
oh darn it OSHA's balls crap no they're
okay guys these are good have you ever
had them have you ever heard of them
because I've never heard of these until
I married into Jared's family if you
guys have had Epis keepers before let us
know in the comments below if you
haven't and you want to know the recipe
leave them in the comments below and
maybe next time we'll put them in but
maybe it's a family secret I don't know
is it it's Danish yeah so I'm not a part
of my heritage so yeah let us know if
you want to try these out and we'll
leave a recipe below okay thanks bye so
you saw my plate of mess and then here
jared is looks all nice and pretty look
how pretty that look it's all in the
presentation ladies and gentlemen I
think you've been watching the Food
Network without me oh no kidding
it's not pretty anymore I like my
powdered sugar it's so good it's so
fluffy Jared and I are going our
separate ways Jared's favorite store is
Best Buy and one of my favorite stores
is old and they just put an Ulta in so
Jerry's taking the babe he's going to
Best Buy and going to Ulta I will not
buy anything I'm going to Best Buy
hopefully the baby doesn't scream deal
okay let's see what we come out with you
don't have your wallet hahahaha Ellie is
feeding the baby right now
and I figure we're just gonna be hanging
out doing a quick little pit stop I
might as well get us and like smoothies
or something
apparently there's a store right around
the corner that has some really good
smoothie so I'm gonna see if we can't
get a couple of those while we have our
quick little pit stop before we finish
our errands here is the situation guys I
can't believe I just did what I did this
is crazy
so Elliot's feeding the baby right now
we're just talking a little pit stop and
I was like oh it'd be so much fun to go
to the Chili's and get a good drink you
know something to have in the car just
to hang out while she's feeding the baby
so I run into the store and I'm like
yeah we just want a couple smoothies
well they're like smoothies we don't
make smoothies we don't need those think
and smoothies he had chilies and like
what we've got like virgin margaritas
and things I was like no thanks he's
like well you can go across the street
to red mango they have some smoothies
and stuff there okay so I go across this
really busy street and I finally get to
red mango turns out they shut the store
down they still have all the signs up
and everything the open sign is up but
there is nothing inside so I'm like what
the heck like this is crazy
so I'm like okay well there's Kony's
across the street I'll go over to Coney
see if they have any smoothies I run
back across the busy street get to
Kony's sure enough they don't have any
smoothies
they have milkshakes they were like oh
it's like have you ever drink and like
milk in a really hot day it's like Ron
Burgundy like this was a terrible
decision I immediately regret this
decision that's what it feels like right
now if we were to have a milkshake so
I'm like I can't do that then I see
cookie Haven which is a really small
place it must be brand new and I'm like
well that's my last chance we might as
well just go there so I walk in the
store on the board it says Italian so
does it was like Oh perfect that's
exactly what Elly wants is an Italian
soda so I'm like I'll get a couple
Italian sodas please and they're like oh
sorry we don't have any ice we can't
make the Italian soda and I'm like yeah
but they had a little Coke machine on
the side and there was a so be that I
got for Ellie and I got myself an IBC
root beer
finally some cool refreshing drinks for
us to partake I forgot that these fizz
up my mouth just like exploded with fizz
out in the Sun blue skies are all around
us happy face loving every minute of
this so we've got Jackson in this little
carrier he seems to be liking it he's
just kind of hanging out there mama
no I'm just laughing at me when I was
putting it on because it looks funny now
this is something that I've been know
struggled with for a while and I want to
get your opinions on this I have pretty
bad hips I grew up with what's called
acetabular retro version and what that
means is my hip the femoral head didn't
fit into the hip socket acetabulum I had
to have three hip surgeries for that so
I'm a little sensitive to this kind of
stuff especially when you know carriers
baby carriers do this kind of stuff oh I
totally just checked on that do you see
that can we get a replay on that please
babies are super flexible they are so
flexible their bones you can like bend
in half just kidding no but they're
they're super fun I'm not too worried
about his hips on this but I get you
know I sometimes I I worry a little bit
do you guys have any good suggestions as
far as
good baby carriers that we can like
strap the baby to us and not have the
hips you know turned outwards and this
is a good carrier I think it's showing
it's a good carrier I mean they're not
really turned outwards they're kind of
just bent yeah but it has to be his face
says I don't know if his hands are
supposed to be out like I think they are
in the picture but I what he likes to be
right there so I didn't likes his hands
right I don't know but I think it was
pretty comfy yeah I just love this more
than anything
well you look here you look like it
looks like a mom yeah you look like a
teenage girl
that's like oh I know carriers like this
can if you do it a lot I guess can cause
issues I'm totally aware of that because
I have hip problems do you guys have any
good recommendations on carriers other
than this kind of stuff that will be
quite good for the summer when I want to
go on hikes this summer a lot so what
would be I could carry here till I go on
hikes and like I don't know if stuff
like that yeah let us know in the
comments below kiss me very that was
quite the kiss I drew shape so myself
nothing says a fun-filled day like fried
delicious food what is it quits our
stick boots our step guys
we are finishing off our walk by doing
nothing else than getting more calories
right we are going to go enjoy the rest
of our evening - that's where we're
gonna go watch some Juan Pablo which by
the way do any of you guys watch it I
know I Instagram all the time but I
think this season is really lame
I think you do really lame Juan Pablo
but Juan Pablo
I think he's lying I think the seasons
lame What did he say I watched one
episode with you where he was like no no
look at me look at me no no no don't cry
don't cry no cry look at me just look at
me look at me and looking at you is
gonna make me feel better
if I were crying at Jared's like just
look at me I may be allowed thank you
guys so much for watching these videos
we really do appreciate all the support
and as always Ellie you tell them tell
them Ellie tell them as always we will
see you guys next time when the Sun is
not shining in my guys see you guys next
time
ye
