hi little buddy hi little buddy how are
you today how are you today it's a brand
new day
today is my first day back at work
daddy is taking Jackson on his little
errands father and son day outing today
and also today is my last day of work
wait what did you just say did you just
say it was your first day and your last
day back at work guys huh yeah um so I
originally was going to go back to work
one day a week um to recap I'm a hair
stylist I am my own boss I rent my own
boo so I have my own clients so I can
come and go as I please
but with Jared's work it's really hard
for him to have a sturdy day off and for
my clients they need a certain day to
come to booked far in advance and along
with YouTube and jobs and baby um I
finally made the decision that to
simplify our life a little bit more and
Jared and I really want to focus on
YouTube a little bit more we would love
to make more videos and so we thought it
might be best to decide that I be done
with work but I am still gonna do a
couple friends and a couple people's
hair on this side if they want their
hair cut I'll still cut Jared's hair you
know so I am a little sad because my
work really is just right across the
street but um yeah we're not gonna we're
just it's a decision that's been very
long thought-out what were you doing
well I'm just trying to say we've been
thinking about this for a long time yeah
it's been I've been thinking about it
for weeks weeks weeks we've been
thinking about it so to sum up here's
what here's what we're gonna do
Ellie is not gonna work at the salon
anymore the days that she was going to
work up this along we're gonna put up
another video okay so you guys are going
to get more videos from us because
Ellie's no longer working at the salon
so how does that sound to me I think
that's pretty cool it is pretty cool and
honestly I felt very relieved like I was
really nervous
but when I finally made the decision I
felt very at peace and I'm glad that I
am doing that and uh I mean I would
already consider myself a stay-at-home
mom that would have only been one day a
week but I really was sad to leave this
cute little guy Oh huh what happened I
just stole that binky right out of your
mouth usually you smile here you go you
won it back he is stone cold well your
tiger Jackson okay well let's go daddy
you're taking the baby so behave I will
I'm kind of nervous guys this is my
first I mean this is probably the
longest time that I don't have mom Ellie
here to help take care of the baby
I fold in your arms to say a prayer yes
you're happy to go a daddy of course
daddy loves you oh yeah look at that
tongue look at that long tongue I love
you I'm gonna miss you I'm only gonna be
gone for three hours oh I'm going back
to worry that would that be confusing
I'm going back to work one day why go
back to work I already have people on my
books for colors and so I'm gonna go
just do them and then all pack up and go
so that's why I'm just going back one
day and you gonna be so happy to go dad
all righty guys it is me and the boy
Jackson we are driving out running some
errands today while mom is at work her
first day back and her last day at work
what an eventful day for her I mean so
much excitement so much going on Jax and
I are just gonna go run some air
is I have to do some things at work on
my day off I know right run to the post
office send a couple things get a couple
things maybe Jackson and I will pick up
some lunch and maybe I'll show them off
to the ladies a little bit I'm just
kidding ha ha ha ha seriously ha ha ha
ha ha huh okay guys slight change of
plans I just got off the phone with
Ellie it looks like she's already done I
guess one of her colors cancelled so I
am going to pick her up and we are going
to say goodbye to her salon
oh that's can we get a collective sigh
in there oh so guys the footage that you
just saw was yesterday
and today a lot of changes have already
happened so yesterday is my last day of
work and all the girls got me this cute
vase of flowers I thought was so cute
but I called my clients to let them know
my situation and a lot of them were
really sad and wanted me to still do
their hair and so I thought well I guess
I have a teeny kitchen that I can do a
couple colors and cuts in so in my teeny
kitchen I have my little salon chair and
I'm going to put a big mirror right
there and my little teeny kitchen I
think it's crazy but what fun memories
I'll make doing that so we are on our
way little Jackson boy we're on our way
to go buy him a swing this is crazy it's
pretty sweet that's a sweet one but
sweet me and expensive who remembers
last time we were at Babies R Us again
that look familiar
yep if you guys follow me on twitter you
know twitter twitter twitter if you guys
follow me on twitter you know that I
asked for you guys's recommendations on
a baby swing um just I just think that
you would really like to have a swing at
the house he loves to be held and rocked
and so I was looking at swings and I
found the one that I wanted it was a
fisher-price one somebody recommended on
Twitter the what is it called
then the nemuru and so we came to baby's
arrest and obviously was like the most
high and nicest when they had but it is
sweet we should show them in case you
guys don't know what we're talking about
into a car ride kangaroo tree swing
Rockabye an ocean wave supply the
kangaroo ical sweet those
sweet huh I think it's pretty cool hey
too small I mean if you compare this if
it is small like that like in only
weighs like eight pounds it only weighs
like eight pounds and it's really small
and the one that I really wanted to get
um yeah it's pretty big I don't think
it'd fit in a little place so I was like
no we don't need like I don't think I'll
get it but um Jared actually thinks that
I really like it so I need to knit so
please try it out yeah we'll try it out
we'll go home and set it up we'll see
how he sleeps in it tonight and I'm
excited are you excited Jackson he's
late he's he's sleeping so looks like we
don't need to buy it
he's already asleep we just kind of
carry him around this everywhere we go
yeah
how long do you think it'll take you to
set this up well the manual is only 17
chapters so I think it shouldn't take
too long okay I guess it's called a mama
room not a ma'am aru mom aru
where's I can stop him with your balls
Cera's setting up my little ma'am roof
all right I think it's a whole I I keep
saying honey because that you're the mom
and this is acting like it did good it's
a mom or roof sorry I'm amber ooh I
could be wrong and we're setting up for
him cuz they'll hands I mean in my Jimmy
John's we're watching our our YouTube's
Katie Ann : great news they're expecting
that the happy dance hi Colin what you
drinking there : get out of there get
out no I want her : streaking oh yeah
yeah he's drinking drink okay do you
have a crush on set my mom Aroo what do
you have : do for you yeah about a
certain accent you'd like me to hey
Jarrod has those head
headsets called : we talked I keep
wanting to call I call and : jared has
those headsets we've talked about it
already
Colin hi : you know what I'm talking
about
text me about it later dude women Jared
thinking need new socks I've got a whole
oh my gosh lookups enormous sizes Jeff
has a drawer full of socks and he still
wears holy socks I keep telling him to
throw them away
these are my favorite socks I like the
design honor I guess it means you work
hard I stand alone and you're a holy
person I think so holy iPhone oh wow
okay what are we two minutes in yeah I'm
almost up yeah we're out we're on Katie
now Katie congratulations on your
pregnancy dude Kate ha she saw whatever
no Jeff no this is true look at her well
you are Katie you're beautiful
but Jared's only saying this because
he's madder I'm like oh : look how
beautiful katie is what are your dog's
beautiful oh she's not there alright I
finished putting the mama Roo together
we've got it set up ready to go
Jackson is not being too happy right now
so this is the ultimate test to see if
this was a good purchase or not let's
find out if you're gonna lock it don't
drop the baby we are going with the
kangaroo selection first see if he likes
that whoa well buckle em in but I'm
right here with them so we'll see it's
like I'm not sure what to think yet what
is this I'm not being held but I'm
moving what is this madness what's going
on what is I think he likes it a little
bit his eyebrows his face doesn't really
show it I know our baby's cowls it's
okay he's a happy baby I have
Coffee baby he just has a lot of facial
expressions he has one facial expression
and it's this see where he gets it from
or does he it from me he has when I rel
that goes up a lot he smiles
I promise he smiles I promise he's happy
he's a happy baby he's just got the
natural scowl it's okay
le I think I could get used to having
this chair here I'm making you Danny can
make anybody oh hey thanks for watching
my video talking to you oh my gosh I'm
gonna pass no don't
you're too big for me you're too big for
me to catch are you calling me that yes
okay thank you guys for watching the
video if you enjoyed it be sure to hit
that stump thank you guys thank you guys
that's how I fell right now
you tired just wanna thank you guys for
watching the video if you guys enjoyed
it be sure to hit that thumbs up button
if you guys haven't already be sure to
hit the subscribe button by having a
wonderful evening and we'll see you in
the next video I'm dying
you
you
