hello and welcome to tonight's event the
Battle of the binky tonight we have four
major contenders for title of the best
nipple these four pacifiers have
traveled all over the world to be here
today and each have their own story
let's meet them shall we here we have
the nut the most colorful of the bunch
the nut features is smaller curved
nipple and easy to grasp handle
historically this pinkies design has
been around for a very long time it's
sure to put up a great fight in tonight
next we have the tsunami the medical
field favorite this big he is
recommended by four out of five doctors
it features a very unique tube design
that allows for easy manipulation in the
mouth last year the Suzy had a slip-up
in the runnings so we are glad to see
him in tonight's battle ah yes the crowd
favorite a new contender in the Battle
of the pinky but very well known in
other competitions the moustache afire
pleases the crowd wherever he of see
don't get too close to him or he might
just tickle you this is the first year
we have seen the moustache of fire in
the Battle of the pinky but we are sure
he will make the lasting impression and
last but certainly not least our
hometown hero both boo
certainly the most experienced pinkie in
tonight's battle let's hope his age
doesn't interfere with his performance
old blue as you already know is a
two-time champion in the Battle of the
bacon now that you have met tonight's
contenders on to the battle first up
tonight we have the nut he's about to
get started let's take a look
ouch he's really not going to be happy
with that his approach was spot-on that
this entry was just way off certainly
unlike his normal performance next up we
have the soothing let's dive in and see
how he performs he certainly will be
happy knowing that he no longer has to
compete with the nug let's hope he isn't
overconfident now
Wow he didn't stand a chance
unbelievable
maybe the hiccups are throwing off these
binky's tonight can you hear it
I'm sure can this is going crazy you
know what that means the statue fire is
in the house
let's hope he can at least do better
than the previous two nipples at this
point I'd be happy to have any latch at
all
let's take a look good approach the baby
is thinking it looks like he's about to
latch and no baby drops and he's done he
was so close and what a textbook entry
you won't see anything that good all
year to come so close and to be dropped
how disappointing
I think the crowd is hoping for anything
better at this point Oh blue has had a
chance to watch the other babies perform
but it's often not - this guy is really
old fashioned he doesn't want any
outside stimuli helping him achieve a
full latch on he knows what he needs to
do let's take a look
oh my gosh he did it the baby lash can
you believe it the baby latched on to
old blue even with the hiccups what a
show he's certainly going to be happy
with that performance he only think he
to get a full lap and under these
conditions he is going to go home very
proud as of any competition there can
only be one winner tonight's winner was
our hometown hero old blue he gets his
normal technique of slow matching each
time we see all blue I get more
impressed with the knowledge that he has
I think it's safe to say that experience
certainly outweighed the performance of
the youth tonight each contender did put
up a great fight tonight and should be
individually recognized for their
efforts
unfortunately mustache' fire was
disqualified for using illegal
performance-enhancing material and is
currently undergoing a recall we want
you to know that no babies or pinkies
were harmed in the production of
tonight's battle for Elly and Jared's
YouTube channel we want to thank you for
tuning in tonight
please drive home safe remember to like
the video and subscribe if you haven't
already you can find us on Twitter and
Instagram and we'd love for you to
follow us again thank you for watching
tonight and have a wonderful evening
I'm Ron Burgundy
you
