well happy Valentine's Day everyone well
maybe not to you right now by the time
you guys see this it may be well past
Valentine's Day but today's Valentine's
Day and I am so excited I love
Valentine's Day and I kind of feel a
little upset with everybody because I
feel like everybody I have talked to is
just kind of bum bum bum what's the word
Jared everybody's humbug about
Valentine's Day they think it's just
such a stupid holiday but I do not and I
do not expect flowers or jewelry or
anything it's just a fun day to wear a
little extra blush and to kiss my boys a
little extra hard today
but Jared did buy me flowers the other
day if you guys follow me on Instagram
you saw that I was having a rough couple
of days
he bought me some beautiful flowers
he bought me so many that I had to use
two vases but I was having a rough day
and I was just trying to figure out my
work I'm working with Jared's job and I
was just frustrated so but everything's
working out Jared is dressing my little
Valentine today okay oh there's a smile
can you give us a smile
Rafi oh now you stop when I read cool
yeah you're like let's do what's that
camera doing there he's been cooing so
much lately is so cute to see his little
mouth move in yuku can you give us a
little cue I'm sure you'll give us a
little to mr. Mick Tudor you toot all
the time who are you trying to hide from
I'm capturing you you're my hostage now
this is a hostage situation my goggles
are fogging up though so I got taken off
huh okay now you know my identity all
right gotta put it back on but now I
can't see what are they a Turkish where
are we going for Valentine's Day it's a
secret
Jared and I are heading out to go see
our family cuz it like you guys know
it's grandma's 90th birthday this
weekend so the whole fam
family fam family whole family is in
town and we're going to go see them but
today is a special day it's Valentine's
Day and I guess we're going to make a
quick stop in Salt Lake City and we're
going to do something so excess well
gonna stop right we'll stop suburb say
and do some stuff yeah we'll see what
Jarrod decides to have us to our first
stop for a Valentine's Day adventure is
Cheesecake Factory Cheesecake Factory
and Jared ordered that one trick that he
ordered on his work trips I'm excited to
try it because it is so freakin good I'm
really excited
we're eating some lunch and then we're
gonna go I'm going to take Ellie to a
place a couple places that she likes
here we have a lot of fun and I really
am nervous I know how do you see me
right now I was like we're at a nice
restaurant the baby I don't want to be
that couple
for the baby screaming but he's doing
good he's doing awesome and he better do
awesome where I'm gonna pinch his thighs
that'll solve the problem I'm gonna take
that binky away from him he cried but
yeah let's see how he is doing
he's just asleep he always puts his
hands up like this when he's sleeping
okay the cheese fake she's fake the
cheese bake the cheesecake factory was
very good and Jackson was very well
behaved he's starting to wake up and I
need to feed him so we're going to make
a quick stop at my favorite store lush
and I'm going to go get myself some
goodies Jared and I are going to need to
learn how to navigate the stroller a
little better we hit the wheels on
everything I don't know what it is I
think they've just got my lighter as I
guess they're pretty white so we always
run into thing I'm sure it like gives
him with wash every Darwin oh man guys
we we left lash which by the way I got
some bath bombs and elem scrub and we
had to feed the baby and we were
planning on going into a dressing room
and feeding him well we took the
elevator not the escalator we took the
elevator and we ended up on the floor
level where the cars are so I thought
well let's just feed him in the car so
I'm feeding him in the car and what he
is the fartiest ruin to deus boy I know
it do not leave him in a closed area for
too long stinks we're getting smoked out
here and even today I'd never closed the
bedroom door when he sleeps but today we
were really loud getting ready so I
closed the door and I opened it and it
was like woof like that he is a stinky
boy like stinky boy you're burnt stinks
little boy your little bum stinky little
bum stinks
it's disgusting oh we gotta turn this
off hold on timeout shaycarl timeout oh
there goes timeout okay oh do I have the
camera ready just in case something
explodes out or shoots up it mama you
wouldn't do that to mama what he's
literally just changes but you ah Elliot
no wait if you would have changed his
diaper ten seconds later that would have
gone all over you
give me another diaper luckily we have
somebody yeah and this is like how
many's left we're going out of town we
have four diapers with us I do like to
live dangerously we're gonna be crapping
all over grandmas death
let's try this again and usually when he
does oh my gosh this is rancid usually
poop some MP so be careful I'm not even
I give me another right I'm not even I'm
not even exaggerating I'm not like this
at home but we are in closed quarters
and I know people are probably like well
it'll get worse this is a little about
to make your mom throw up how do you
feel about that bun look at that like oh
no it's like this dick what's that smell
in here guys I don't know what that
smell is always lives in my own look at
that happy birthday happy birthday to
you yeah you did four candles Hey well
the party has begun I did I am actually
really impressed there are a ton of
people
here to celebrate grandma's birthday
looks like you have to be 90 years old
to get this money friend I don't think I
could fill this this gym with all of my
friends grandmas popular she knows lots
of people it's really cool
my dad's gonna get ready to sing and she
never gives one the knee is still
falling
I love the chimney tops that's where
you'll find over the rainbow way
dreams come true
well grandma that was pretty special
man I get them working in all our
speakers I'm waiting she's a popular
lady today is yeah this week's video was
kind of the fail it was kind of a lame
video it was lame and some of the
footage got erased and it just was we
just we failed this week technology did
not agree with us our footage got
deleted so my family and we're we failed
we failed
so we're sorry first but we will have a
video up tomorrow two videos in a row
we'll get one up tomorrow back-to-back
videos from us and we have a lot of
information for you guys an update on
things so we've got some good news
coming your way two videos back-to-back
and yeah so we just wanted to tell you
guys that we failed and we're sorry but
look forward to tomorrow because we have
another video coming out yes all right
