hi friends how are you doing today we
are going to try something a little bit
different today quit baby baby Jaxen
Berber Berber Jackson how are you doing
today
stop talking dad I'm hungry I'm so
hungry I'm crying cuz I'm hungry
Ellie is going back to work in how long
days oh we in like a week and a half but
only one day one one day one day a week
she's going back to work so in order to
make sure Jackson stays alive I have to
feed him no not with those get your mind
out of there
we have Ellie's milk that she's been
preparing using the pump so we're gonna
try a bottle for the first time I see
how he does we're gonna test it out and
you guys are gonna watch us and we're
gonna see how this little guy does with
the bottle okay give me the team look at
that cute face
are you smile for us no no here you go
dad this is my job yeah is it warm
enough yep and he's pretty picky with
his binky so but what he seems to be
doing good so far is he's rolling I
don't know how to tell it's in his mouth
and there's milk there hands holding up
against it I think he's doing pretty
yeah oh yeah he's - mommy's move over
mama there's a new sheriff in town
thank goodness for sisters I have a lot
of you guys have been asking I am the
youngest of five kids and there's one
boy in the mix so I have three older
sisters but I say four cuz my sister in
law count she's my sister so I've got
four older sisters and I have been
texting I'm calling them asking a lot of
questions you know how do you heat up
the milk you put it in the warm water
you don't microwave it I guess is what
my sisters say um you know just I've
been asking them a lot of questions and
thank goodness for them because they've
helped me out a lot this week because
I've been a little overwhelmed you know
having Jared bottle-feed I'm not that I
don't trust Jarrod but you know I'm used
to feeding him and it works so it's just
different so I'm a good dad right you're
a great dad he's doing good
oh my gosh okay he's almost done so
taking I'll take it out take it out and
let's see how much is left cuz you might
have to Berkman about one ounce yeah
there - in there yeah so let's burp em
and then and then I have more milk if
you still hungry so we're gonna start
out like this he's holding on to my
finger nice cute won't get him to hold
there
this is some father-son bonding well you
should know what it feels like
mother-son bonding is
all right isn't it I would say so this
is probably not quite the mother-son
bonding that you get but he's looking
right up at me he says you're my dad
I'm gonna grow up to be just like you
handsome smart good-looking all-around
good guy he's doing so good
he's feeling so well he's just about
done oh my god it's real quick how much
do you think he feeds when you
breastfeed
I don't know long key guess I don't know
I've been looking it up and researching
it I mean they've said anywhere from two
to four ounces is what it'll be drinking
I guess I don't think quite for I have
an itch on my nose can you get it you're
no fun I have an itch on my nose you
would have to deal with it that's what I
have to do no there's three ounces this
blows my mind like I would never be able
to do this on my own
Ellie grew Jackson inside of her and he
did yeah literally Parks and Rec Jackson
grew up inside of Ellie and now Ellie is
using her body to feed him like to me
that is like the most amazing thing in
the world that the human body can do
these things like it's so incredible to
me he is a living being he's a human
being and we made him that to me is just
so crazy the coolest thing in the world
we should get you cleaned up let's get
you cleaned up because grandma grandpa
are coming and Grandpa and Grandma great
are come in they've never met you before
I'm really excited my parents came all
the way from Washington it's my
grandma's 90th birthday I think it's
actually tomorrow but we're celebrating
it over the weekend but my parents are
coming and my grandparents are coming to
see us tonight so it's going to be a lot
of fun and this is going to be the first
time that they're going to see Jackson
in person grandma grandpa and grandma
and grandpa great so it's gonna be a lot
of fun we're gonna have them here
visiting us for a little bit but I'm
super excited cuz I haven't seen my
parents in a long time one thing that we
want to get
done before my mom and dad and grandma
grandpa get here is hang up a mirror you
want to hang up this mirror that's right
here and we want to put it just right up
above the lights wrench so that that is
what I'm going to attempt to do right
now I have enlisted the help of these
gorilla things they say they hold up to
40 pounds per per hook so I'm going to
use two of them I've been measuring for
a good while but I've got some
measurements on here that you can see
so hopefully this works if not we're
going to have some holes in the wall and
we'll have to patch them up sorry
landlords I'm kind of nervous
Oh do it well it's a pretty heavy jared
his brother is really good at this stuff
as in construction management but he's
just so good at like stuff like this and
so I'm like when we get into projects
like this I'm like why can't your
brother Matt be here he's so good at
this stuff and Jared always does the
patty face when I do that but kind of
wish Matt was here doing this because I
know it'd get done right
Elysa gold you may not get done right
but it'll get done this mir has been
here for like three months but no more
than that it's been there halfway
through my pregnancy it's been sitting
against that wall but it's getting done
now okay so you just push this into the
wall and my brother looks great yeah I
got the first one in there sweet okay
number two during the Maputo that
reference leave in the comments below
crash does it feel pretty good it's
really heavy mirror I should have to
have an inch higher crap we can do it no
that's fine
you see how it kind of covers this one
well it's okay we're learning I think it
looks fine I kind of want a mirror a
little lower I like it any think I like
it a lot
look at a lot I like it a lot I think it
looks pretty decent I'm just excited for
this little thing we have these in my
salon and to put our products on but I
thought it would be cute just to have
what do you guys think do you think that
a little shelf would be stupid to put I
would have to go into the light switch
well they finally got here Grandma and
Grandpa have come to see us and what do
you think it happens first grandma
course takes him right after he's
feeding course grandpa grandpa of course
is second in line special visitors
Grandma and Grandpa great so what's
going on this week grandma I don't know
will you tell me I don't care me
anything there it's all a secret grandma
is turning 90 years old tomorrow
tomorrow tomorrow holy cow not to be
overshadowed by grandpa how old are you
over me okay yeah he is a little bit
older than that what 93 years young and
90 years young holy cow that's crazy
we've got two 9 year olds and a month
old we're gonna get your size and weight
mom how does that how does
how does that okay grandpa me come
here's your grandson look get miss them
ready don't suck it no good
Ellie has been teaching him how to suck
on his hand hi buddy
hello daddy Oh crying grandma is so much
better at this grandpa you should be
ashamed of yourself
grandmas are always better he smells
good
do you think he dreams oh I'm sure what
do you think babies dream about eating
eating pooping and sleeping what they
think about in the daytime too I thought
they'd remember I think it's still there
ah there's a good smile what a kid our
little miracle I live a miracle baby
Oh Tiffany are you sit down
close your eyes and I'll kiss you
tomorrow I'll miss you remember I'll
always be true all my loving I will send
to you all my lovin
hey Carter what should what should Ellie
and I do in our next video well I think
that give me good pilot baby Jackson we
we need to vacuum what you think we
should vacuum and then we're baby
Jackson why should we vacuum and you can
be the King and I could be the Queen in
essence the dragon I love that dragon
okay that's our next video
that's our next video guys we're gonna
vacuum and play dragons and castle next
video that will be bad yeah look forward
to that kay Carter we're gonna put it up
for you try coal dogs cone dogs they all
so good to me
my parents and grandparents just left
and it is just about time for us to eat
dinner and I was looking for something
to make for dinner and I couldn't find
anything um so we're having corn dogs
which is totally good because corn dogs
are so good right Ellie right they're so
good so we're going to eat our corn dogs
and watch our YouTube's we usually wait
until night when everything's kind of
settle down and we have dinner we watch
our videos that's what we watch for TV
now is so why we pay for TV dude like we
watched just a couple TV shows but
YouTube is like our TV yeah YouTube is
our form of entertainment and you know
we've been watching a lot of lately is
Cullen and Katie because they are
freaking hilarious and they I think
they're going through some infertility
stuff too so I know a lot of people that
watch our channel like to see that kind
of stuff too so if you guys do want to
go over and see what they have to say
you can yeah they are trying to conceive
ttc i guess is what it is go we'll leave
a link below to Colin and Katie they are
free
hilarious love them I have a little
crush on them on him on them I like it
there's nobody you there they're
hilarious so go watch them and tell me
Sancho they do daily vlogs and a lot of
you guys have been asking us to do daily
vlogs out is like Fah during that you'd
want us to do Gaz Fogg it's a pretty
nice that you guys want to see me every
day
mmm whatever they want to see be in the
baby just create you guys don't see the
baby I know that's all you guys want to
see is the baby that's okay though we're
gonna eat dinner and watch our YouTube
videos then we're gonna call it a night
so thank you guys so much for watching
make sure you hit the like button and if
you haven't subscribed already hit that
subscribe button there and Ellie what do
you have to say for yourself um I'm very
happy that Jackson liked the bottle I'm
also happy that he's doing well
breastfeeding because I've heard
sometimes once they take a bottle they
don't like going back but he's good they
don't like the boob
what okay have a good day guys talk you
later I'll take that out yes you will
okay yeah no I will yes um good night
goodbye
