let's go to the mall today hey this is
your first time this is our first time
Jared and I are braving going to the
mall Jared has to go return something
and I felt like I kind of wanted to get
out of the house so we're taking you
little man too and Jared did not want a
film he said that he was not feeling
well and I thought well who on you all
film I have a headache guy so I don't
feel very good but you don't want me so
let's get some food
you still gotta get some practice we got
one hand well it's hard when I'm holding
his head and right and his bomb and
everything I just thought it'd be funny
to film and like watch has like a big
blood or something and I want to use my
stroller so my first time using
Australia yeah we haven't we haven't
used the stroller yet so I'd be fun to
kind of see how we like it and or if we
even do at all what if we don't like the
stroller surely we liked it in the store
didn't mmm-hmm well liked it so okay
should we go let's go change it but
let's go rock and roll oh do you need to
change my butt yeah my butt too let's
just let's wipe all of our butt let's go
because we're sinking you are such a
good baby you are so perfect other way
yep
first time
it was easier in the store
how does it work oh the dress ring has
to be done oh okay that's still not it
WTF mate fix it I think I got it I think
the zoom is on or something
oh it's totally on there we go okay good
job
let's go so we're totally fighting over
who gets to push Jackson it's not fair
mama gets to push it I'm the dad I
should be doing the work right
are you going in there oh he's asleep
now hmm it's like these lights are so
bright I'm not used to this blue hue
this light color of white selfies you
seem a little overly excited for pushing
a stroller
it's pretty fun yeah I think he's doing
good I think he like went right to sleep
I cannot wait until he's big enough so
that we can buy him like thing
stews and tongs and one thing I forgot
to bring is my little clips to put my
diaper bag onto the stroller I should
have brought back to my diaper bag is
pretty heavy
well let me hold it for you okay I will
take the sacrifice and carry the purse
Ryo Jarrod can hold my bag and push the
baby how are we gonna do this I don't
know something I never thought of
got
it only has one building you hold them
lick slide that looks good
yes kind of roughed up I kind of like it
roughed up that's what she said that's
good do you think I should go size up
but says that is small yep try medium
I'll be back
hi one thing that I'm really excited for
when Jackson's a little bit older is
taking him to a toy store that's one
thing that I can't wait for I'm like
excited already to just take him in
there and play with all the toys oh yeah
look at that Lego man like how cool is
that I played with Legos all the time
when I was a kid I would never be able
to make something like that though
that's freaking sweet but yo I thought
Legos for Christmas I loved I loved
Legos what the heck is Jorge doing here
it's George's girlfriend please don't
write me people keep brighteners they
have to put what what's your
girlfriend's name oh you you rebel you
rebel get out of here you're kicked out
oh my gosh what is it
Jeanette the giraffe George's
girlfriend's name is Gina the giraffe
Gina George we found your girlfriend
she's right here oh you're gonna get us
kicked out they hate us already why sure
you look at now oh oh I may have made a
boo-boo when I was putting the stroller
away I accidentally forgot the camera
was inside the stroller and I may or may
not have dropped the camera
I hope it's working I hope I think it's
not working just fine yeah what's up
with the colorization of your face why
do you guys look like that you look so
funny it's all scratched you guys are
all scratched I want to show you this
giant candy heart boom just to give you
some scale this is my face and I want to
give this to Ellie Ellie I want to give
you my heart
Oh Jackson boobs Jackson I love talking
about I really do like chocolate milk
that's really good and I think Jackson
would like to have a dance of it I don't
like a jug of chocolate milk I like the
chocolate enough that you mix like no I
like normal chocolate milk that you get
from the the carton but I like chocolate
milk just in general at all um I have
walked down three aisles of Valentine's
Day stuff and I can't find the damn
candy hearts that's all I want is a
little candy hearts I can't find them
I don't think Walmart carries candy
hearts that we are seeing they're
nowhere to be found
maybe they'll be the order that's what
we need cause Ellie's stinky remember do
you guys remember from the last video
she's stinky it's okay she's got the
looks to make up for it I think you're
pretty cute so we were walking we just
walked into Walmart and Ellie was like
go get some dummy and then so I went
over to get some meat so I was walking
by and I just got this caught this
really quick glance of this blonde girl
and I was like oh wow she's really cute
and then I've looked a little bit closer
and I was like oh that's my wife
of course she's really cute I was like
that makes me feel good because I really
think my wife is just genuinely
beautiful she's really gorgeous
and that kind of just tells me that like
it's not just that I'm married to her I
really think she's cute so I thought it
was kind of funny as I
oh that's my wife score one for Jared
what is the first brand name that you
think of when you think of deodorant for
me it's Old Spice and what that makes me
think of is Old Spice is that
advertising is amazing like smell like a
man man you know what I mean
like what's the first company you think
of when you think of deodorant you think
it's the other impulse buys like because
yeah because of their commercials right
because they have really funny funny
commercials so that's like oh yeah I'll
get some Old Spice because of their
commercials so I think they do a good
job of their advertisement can you guys
think of any other company that has like
really really good deodorant advertising
I don't know maybe I'm just a sucker for
good advertising what I think Joe
Durant's expensive and that's why I'm
lost people still like me yeah because
it's expensive it is pretty expensive to
get like good deodorant so we might just
be smelling for the rest of our lives
sorry Ellie sorry smelly Ellie you're
married to me so here's that will be
smelling together dented it um you found
them
they're like the tangy ones I think I
saw yeah they're awesome I love candy
hearts but you know what I love more oh
oh there it is that's what I was looking
for okay let's go get your candy hearts
and let's go home for real this time
third time's a charm we're gonna go home
and we're going to go to bed I'm
exhausted
I've been working all day I'm really
tired
I'm gonna be maybe 10 times do you yeah
that's like not even heartily like
breast milk earn you're breastfeeding
and waking up babies and take that's not
even difficult I don't know what you're
talking about I'm gonna die later
tonight if I don't make it past tonight
it was Ellie it was hell you killed me
see you later guys okay our battery's
gonna run out we were not prepared
tonight so I've got to go hope you guys
have a good day and by the time this is
uploaded yeah Super Bowl probably be
over so hope the Broncos well yeah I
feel like Seahawks too though this is
Jared Broncos vs Seahawks yep okay see
you guys
