good morning ladies and gentlemen it is
Thursday morning and we've got a little
bugger here crying what's the dealio yo
why are you crying
you put socks on his hands why the
gloves were falling off every day so we
put these ones on and they've been doing
a lot better you guys told us to put the
socks on and they've been working a lot
better
hey you dude oh I know that that's so
sad no one wants to have socks on their
hands
look as soon as he's picked up and
cuddles he is he is all better Oh mom so
sweet so kind
now we're gonna wrap you up like a
little cocoon I am off to the land of
the Broncos I am going to Denver I have
a little work retreat that I'm going to
as you can see I am in some Broncos garb
I am originally from Washington so I I'm
not sure how I feel about this but I'm
not the biggest Seahawks fan I'm sorry
for those Seahawks fans out there I I
never really grew up watching the
Seahawks play football
I was definitely a huge Mariners fan
though huge Mariners fan I mean we're
talking Ken Griffey jr. Edgar Martinez
Joey Cora you know a rod in his early
days those were the glory days of the
Mariners and that's what's that totally
a rod yeah you tell him yeah those were
the glory days of the Mariners and
that's when I was growing up and I was a
huge baseball nut so I'm totally a
Mariners fan I don't know if I'm not
much of a Seahawks fan I've always been
a Broncos fan though I've always liked
watching the Broncos like John Elway and
everything but so going to Denver today
I'm gonna leave these two here in the
hands of Grandma and Grandpa so we'll
see if they come out alive yeah grandma
and grandpa liked spanked so Ellie might
get a few spankings today oh wait is
that grandma is that grandma oh wait I
need the lights oh hi grandma commented
on my diaper bag video and they said
make sure to fill my grandma's I love
how awkward she is in front of speedy so
okay well thank you so wait wait are you
gonna film what you're doing today uh
yeah we're cuttin grandma's hair no you
cut hair yes okay guys yeah Ellie is a
professional cosmetologist so she cuts
hair as you can see yes we're cutting
your hair she's gonna give me a complete
do-over so my style I've got to go catch
a flight I'm gonna make like a baby and
head out okay
yeah this is this will be interesting
this is the first night that I will be
away from Jackson and Ellie together
it'll be interesting I might get some
good sleep
I might not we'll have to see so
hopefully Ellie grandma and Jackson get
some good footage today while I'm gone
because I know that's what you guys want
to see I know you want to see Jackson
more than anything else so I might have
really good hair but let's be honest you
guys don't want to look at that all the
time I might but I know you guys don't
mom's gotta get her hair wet again not
quite the salon experience what it works
well we need a style mom's hair but I
want to show you what's on the floor
there's quite a bit look at all that
hair Oh
let's go style it we are done with our
haircut we're all ready and it is cute
as can be so turn around slowly
yeah perfect perfect thank you mom's
making us lunch
we got her my sister Emily is here and
cousin our cousin is here to see Jackson
are you excited to see Jackson are you
excited
well she's a little shy and Jackson's
asleep so we're not gonna have any
partying right now but maybe later you
said your sleepy boy okay we'll let him
sleep and we'll eat some lunch should we
go see him okay let's go see him q say
baby Jackson
Jackie oh baby do you want a baby
yes your baby brother you want a baby
brother Jackson you're all done he in
yes with the auntie Emily you're too an
honor yeah
Tooting machine Oh Aunt Emily does not
want to hold you when you stink you
stink should we change your bun huh
let's go change you K Jackson let's put
you to bed
wonder what dad's doing we missed dad is
he on the plane is the off the plane is
the on the Denver Broncos field do we
know
so we made it to Denver we're here chris
is at the head of command driving us
we've got cam shotgun navigator
extraordinaire
we've got Candice Brecon and Nikki in
the back and then I'll see y'all we're
going to the Marriott hotel we're gonna
have a lot of fun we're gonna eat a lot
of food it was Jackson yes can you kiss
him Oh dad so cute
that's so cute you're giving him love
well guys that is all she wrote
that is our day and Jackson is getting
ready for bed we just fed him and
wrapped him up like a little mummy and
we are going to rock you to sleep baby
boy Jackson and I really missed dad and
it's only one night but still one night
seems like so long so we're really sad
that he's gone but we're hoping that he
is having a fun time on his little work
adventure and Jackson and I are just
gonna get ready for bed I haven't last I
heard from Jared he was having fun at
the stadium I made it to the room I am
here I get this whole room to myself so
cool the first thing that you have to do
when you get into a hotel room of course
jump on the bed here we go ahh so
comfortable I think I could get used to
this really excited to be here let's
check out this view how do I do this
oh my get this oh that's um that's quite
the quite the good view huh mmm that's
something to share with the family huh
I'm just kidding
this room is actually really nice I'm
pretty impressed the bed is super soft
and let's check here
let's check the bathroom bathroom isn't
here yeah yeah I am all about
showerheads if there is a nice
showerhead
I'm all about that when Ellie and I
build our house we're going to have a
freakin sweet bathroom I'm gonna go get
something to eat because I am starving
but let's just do it one more time for
kicks and giggles here we go oh we made
it we're at the stadium Bronco Stadium
are you guys excited I'm excited I'm
ready to rock and roll
I guess the theme is what do they say
right uh let's ride let's ride let's
ride time to ride go Broncos
it's time to rock this drink right here
Dolce de leche what was it a milkshake
it was is probably the best thing I've
ever had before
so freakin up here try do you like up
are you love it
we bread is amazing
Oh co-write did you get the whole garden
with that salad holy crap that thing is
bigger than you are
it's supposed to snow like a bunch I
can't I don't know if you can see out
there it's snowing pretty good right now
but my brother who lives here in Denver
said that there is supposed to get like
eight to ten inches tonight so we'll see
how the flight is tomorrow morning I
hope it's not delayed I'm gonna do it
again
good night Jackson and I are gonna go to
bed and we're gonna say our prayers and
we are going to pray that daddy comes
home safe to us huh yep so Jared come
home safe thank you guys for watching I
hope you guys had a wonderful day and we
will see daddy when he gets home in the
morning so sleep good holy cow what a
morning it's snow like crazy
the first flight out got canceled and so
and our flight got delayed like 30
minutes just because there was so much
snow but we finally made it to the
airport with quite the adventure
we are our car would not be frosted also
there was so much ice and so much snow
off the car it was just absolutely crazy
we had to back up like on the freeway
because we were going to the wrong
places and everything it was just
absolutely crazy but we finally made it
to the airport I've got to print out my
boarding pass and our flight leaves in
less than an hour so I think we made it
in time but just a crazy morning it was
absolutely insane
whenever I get on one of these blooming
sidewalks I feel like I'm a bionic man
all of these people who are walking off
the took off the sidewalk so much slower
so less in conditions right but then as
soon as you get off you forget how to
walk right you're just like oh geez oh
geez man oh man what a night
Jackson was up literally all night the
little stinker and he's one IME right
now he's slowly waking up the little
stinker he just was so overtired he was
awake a lot yesterday because he was
having fun at Grandma's so last night he
was up quite a long time but I can't
complain too much because usually he
only wakes up one time in the night so
I'm kind of complaining but I shouldn't
we're both very excited for dad to come
home
shoot grandma and I give you a bath I
think we're going to give him a bath
because you kind of stink yeah just a
little oh don't be sad
I stink too sometimes
maybe sway his little body in the water
did I put him in too fast that was a
good idea
le yeah we got a rocky Rock came in
there huh that's okay now the grandma
put you in too fast just a little I'm
good I am tip dude should I have dipped
your toe in at first yeah I gotta test
those waters but - it was kind of fast
wasn't it oh sorry Jackson it says very
sorry he's forgiving no it's so sorry
that times fun get all those kisses up
so we can start over
mm-hmm get all those kisses off of there
let's go get the towel we put a nice
warm towel in the dryer because he loves
it when the towels are on he usually
falls right asleep Oh does it nice white
fluffy one I don't know how we're gonna
do this grandma do you want here I'll
give you two you you guys can catch him
in one hand and film it in the other
okay you asked them up there we go there
you go oh this is fun usually this is
dad's job to hold him in the nice warm
towel oh but you love it
son don't chat oh you like the lotion
you smell so yummy we have one happy
baby and I have a feeling he's gonna
take a wonderful nap and then daddy ovie
home we're so excited for dad to come
home yes oh you look so comfy visit oh
geez
grandma I think we did really good yes I
think we did we did really good
he likes laying in the thumb sweet
dreams are you out of there why are you
laughing I am my own producer hi wife
how are you happy birthday
Joel freak and walk in here and you're
laughing at me oh it's so nice to have
dad home I missed holding this baby in
my arms how did he do last night not
good huh you didn't do very good nanny
oh he's doing great though now oh such a
dream Cody are you strolling you're
gonna round are you taking your gun for
a ride what are you doing come oh look
at all these babies where did that be
you go Cody what you doing
watch out Olivia watch out thank you
guys so much for watching I hope that
you guys are having a wonderful day as
well we'll see you next
time bye thanks for bringing all this
stuff in Jared looks comfy I'm a one
trip kind of guy thank you
you
