hi guys
Jackson and I are getting ready to film
a what's in my diaper bag and he just
got done eating and I have a feeling
that he might be asleep when we start
filming so I thought you guys might want
to see him awake
awakened crying Jack say hi sign
everyone wants to see you yeah
Oh dyes are good yarn everyone wants to
see what you look like
look at your new toesies in your
wide-eyed awake with a scowl he scales
all the time and I know he's smiling
inside I think he has Jared's natural
like little frown
are you scowling everyone so we are just
hanging out hi there that's better
nothing would have pacifier won't fix
huh but but he's still scowling you're
happy aren't ya
you just have that little scowl
there you go there you go
hi can you give us a little smile
probably not
ah Oh a little wave there you go a
little wave will do hey guys I'm going
to show you guys what is in my diaper
bag a lot of you guys have been asking
for that so my diaper bag is from JJ
Cole's and I'll show you what it looks
like and then I'll go into each pocket
and show you what is in it the front has
two big pockets the size have a little
pocket and then the back has two pockets
and then the inside has one big opening
and then there are two really deep
pockets on each side so let's start with
the front of the bag and which is over
here these little pockets are on the
front and the first pocket just has an
extra pacifier for Jackson I have one in
here but this is just kind of like an
emergency one and then in this pocket I
just have my chapstick and I'm also
using this bag for overnight trips I'm
going to my mom's house for a couple
nights so this isn't just my everyday
diaper bag this is more of an overnight
bag also for Jackson so in this first
little pocket right here I have some of
his bath stuff it's just his little head
scrubber and some bath soap so that's in
the first pocket and then this pocket I
have all of his products so I've got
little lotion some baby powder some butt
cream and then some nipple cream for me
so I'm not him for me so oh this is all
of his
eggs and then in this side pocket there
is nothing in there when he's a little
older maybe a bottle will go there or
something so there's nothing in that
pocket and then over in this side pocket
is my phone and hand sanitizer and then
over onto the back side on these two
pockets
this one is a diaper changing pad and it
also is a JJ Cole's bag so it opened up
cute and green it has some diapers and
then some wipes and because it's an
overnight bag I'll just bring a whole
big pack of diapers to my moms rather
than just stuff a bunch of diapers into
the bag I'll just bring a pack just a
minute let me think seriously how's it
work there we go
in this pocket I have my nursing cover
and then my nursing pads so now for the
inside of the bag let's start with the
middle section of the bag now like I
said this is an overnight bag as of
right now because we're going to
Grandma's tomorrow so normally I
wouldn't have all of these clothes in
the bag I would just have like one
onesie for like an emergency
so for grandma's house we've got some
cute little jammies that we've got a
brain and of course I'm just white
onesies and then because we're going for
a couple nights he has a handful of
little outfits and also you guys told me
to get the little mittens for Jackson I
did have these but I haven't loved them
because they fall off of his hands but
I'm going to try it again maybe they
won't fall off now that is getting a
little bigger so I've got those and then
at the very bottom of that middle
section I have to swaddle blankets one
to wash just in case he has an accident
then another one this first little
compartment this is kind of for me it's
just lots of little snacks I can't go
anywhere without having snacks so I've
got lots of just crackers and snacks in
this first compartment for me and then
in this second compartment this is just
some nursing blankets and I don't really
use them for nursing but I just like to
have these little cloths just to have on
hand either for when he's on the ground
or just to have and then in these back
to little compartments I have his burp
cloths and these are just some that
people have made for me my sister made
this cute giraffe one for him and then
this is his little pacifier so we've got
those and then in this last compartment
I have my keys and I have just a little
coin purse with my debit card and some
cash eventually I should probably get
like an actual wallet to put in here but
for now this works so this is just a
couple of my own things so that is my
diaper bag it's very simple there's not
a whole ton of like toys or anything in
there yet that'll change here a couple
months once he gets a little more active
so kind of simple we're going to
Grandma's it's our cute little overnight
bag and I hope you guys like that so
thank you guys for these suggestions we
are always looking for suggestions for
videos so I hope you guys did like it if
you did make sure to thumbs up and we'll
make sure to do and update a diaper bag
here in a couple months when our lives
change a lot more when he gets more
active so thank you guys so much for
watching
was it funny I thinking a daughter's
bare skin I'm gonna drive bare skin
what do you think about that oh whoa who
is that you doesn't know what to think
just know should we go film shoot like a
bishop it'll put you in my diaper bag
let's go put you in the diaper bag and
film a video feel okay
