someone is definitely enjoying their spa
treatments look how relaxed he looks
he's like a mom I love this I love this
oh this feels good it feels good because
I'm used to washing people's heads I
know how to make it feel really good
look at that he's loving it he's taking
a couple baths of mama but this is his
first one he gets a little anxious at
first when we put him in but after he
gets used to it he loves the darn math
it's cool I wish you would have had the
camera I when I first put him in front
you're asleep it is so relaxing
you better ride the towel and he is like
the sleeve it's a nice warm towel you
are so tired this could put lotion on
yeah they'll really wake up then I get
in dried off Weezy I so fun that was a
good death are you smiling are you mad
hmm I think you're smiling that was very
enjoyable thank you for the bath oh do
you necessarily sounds like what do you
think you something I sound like oh no
oh mom I love the bath oh don't we so
nice thank you for the head scrub thank
you for watching my hair no I think he
sounds really thanks mom
that was an enjoyable bath I appreciate
it can I have some milk now mom I'm
hungry
mmm this always sounds like silence you
fools
yeah that is nice hmm okay get ready
we're about to put the lotion on it puts
the lotion on its skin Oh guys not too
bad well he's actually don't do it oh
just a little whimper you like that ah
should we go rock you and put you to
sleep hmm
I wish you guys could taste the cuteness
just taste it just taste it ah taste the
cuteness oh he loves oh he doesn't love
it oh I'm sorry but we're gonna do it
until you love it place like I my nose
you think he did it earlier today
you already tasted the burgers who
doesn't want to eat them no more okay
should we put you to bed
yeah yes seriously the minute we get you
all changed and ready put a new diaper
on a new onesie what you go ahead and do
so you pooped your diaper say you pooped
I told you so much poop there's so much
poo what do you have to say for yourself
I'm tired and I want to go to food
excuses excuses for getting ready for
Jackson's second doctor appointment and
I am already but my boys are not don't
mind us we're just checking the youtubes
if you're having a lazy morning Jackson
what are you doing you sleeping oh he's
sleeping you sleep too much you sleep
way too much we're just hanging out
we're having some father-son bonding
time
oh yeah yeah with our camel blanket
Jackson sleeps all the time silly boy
let's go get you dressed the one thing
that I wish I would have known before
having him you know everyone gives you
advice um Oh get the sleep that you need
the one thing I wish that I would have
known you wish so you would have known
how much per their out of them
no like look at this little white onesie
how the cuffs over his hand I love that
and the other clothes that we have like
don't have that and I wish that I would
have known that because I would never
have bought anything without the
handcuffs
Jackson scratched his face pretty good
in the hospital so it's been really nice
to have the little handcuffs not
handcuffs but yeah a handcuff our baby
the hankies Bray Wyatt because spin me
look in your little outfit do you not
like it oh you do now okay well we gotta
see what it says on the inside handsome
like daddy yes you are you know that's
right all right we have to go it's time
to go do your appointment hey sleepyhead
wake up what call we don't care if you
wake up you should sleep as much as
possible you need to grow and you grow a
lot in your sleep
look at me I grew so much and I sleep
all the time
that's a lie I'm really short in case
you guys didn't notice already yeah
we're just little people have you guys
ever heard of the show how tall you are
by how by how high your hands go on the
door you're probably going to see my
Billy but that's okay
but this is how tall I am this is how
high my hands go on the door that gives
you an idea of how tall I am I'm pretty
short but that's that's okay right
good things come in small packages
that's what she said what do you think
la should we go to this appointment
let's go sure how tall I am okay he
makes acute ascribes that's a good
height it's a perfect height honestly
though one thing and this is the sound
so lame but when I was dating one thing
that had to happen is you have to be
able to wear heels and still be shorter
than me for me to like be really
comfortable so Ellie's like the perfect
height she can wear heels just fine I
can and still be shorter than me because
I have low confidence just kidding I'm
really confident my aunt married her
husband and she is way taller than her
husband and they're such a cute couple
height doesn't matter height weight
whatever it matters a little bit I'm
just kidding I'm just kidding it totally
doesn't but we gotta go we're gonna be
late for our appointment got my grandpa
man okay where's your bag
where is her bag if I were a bag where
would I be either got your bag let's
rock and roll baby cakes hey little dude
check it out there's something on the
wall there's a little giraffe that
giraffe is just for you then giraffe is
just for you what do you think about
that
I don't care mom and dad I'm sleeping
I'm nothing up right here in this bosom
it feels so good it's so warm to me
another day when I care what's did it it
did a Leo dealio
what did it it did you do what did it it
did a Leo dealio what's did it today
ten points if you guys can name who
sings that song so here is the dealio
guys today is the last night before I go
back to work I go back to work tomorrow
and I I have mixed feelings about ie and
excited - I'm excited to start making
money again it's been two weeks since
I've worked and it'll be nice to have a
change of pace and everything but just
being completely honest I really like
being home I really like being with my
wife I really like being with my kid
Jackson it's so much fun to be there and
to watch him and to see all the fun
things that he does and the cool sounds
he makes I'm kind of bummed that I have
to go back to work to be honest it's
it's kind of mixed feelings right now
I'm not too excited to leave my wife and
boy but you know as the father as the
husband that's what you got to do as a
man that's what you got to do you get up
provide I have to do that so kind of
what we're would you see that that's
gross kind of what we're doing tonight
we're having a little last hoorah I am
going to pick up a really sweet meal for
us and we're going to eat it I'm going
to go to Texas Roadhouse it's one of our
favorite places that we go to and we're
gonna have some steak and ribs and
everything and their rolls if you've
ever had Texas Roadhouse rolls holy crap
it's like a fiesta party in your mouth
of delicious flavor are you guys fans of
delicious flavors I thought so go to
Texas Roadhouse they're freaking amazing
but we're gonna have that I'm gonna go
pick it up and we're gonna eat dinner at
home and hopefully we're gonna have some
friends come over tonight
and just have some fun but I'm really
excited it's gonna be a lot of fun we're
gonna have some good food some good
company and we're just gonna have a good
night before I go back to work tomorrow
huh it's gonna be interesting I don't I
want to go back to work because I want
to start making money again but I don't
want to go back to work because I don't
want to leave Jackson and Ellie that's
plain and simple I like being home with
my family
and that's I think that's a good sign to
show that I like them I don't know about
you guys but I like my family oh time to
eat some red meat all wrong you know
that's right red meat so one cool thing
that just happened I just got an email
we just got our pictures in from the
photo shoot that we just did a couple
days ago not even like that long ago we
just got the pictures so I'm going to go
pick those up and we're gonna go take a
look add the pictures and see how they
turned out I'm pretty excited about that
it'll be really cool because we have our
first pictures of Jackson so it'll be
pretty sweet I'm gonna go pick up the
pictures and we're going to show you
guys here what they look like here in
just a second if someone is getting
burped like crazy
one thing that's funny when you get
burps he just kind of like sticks his
hand out and then like oh I don't what
you excited to look at your pictures
he's a freaking model you were look at
this picture the whole time son how cute
is that
Oh time what is that song what good like
a part time model but you probably have
to keep your normal job so I'm gonna put
in a couple pictures for you guys to
take a look at let us know what you
think but for this guy he is ready for
bed we're gonna put him to bed he's
gonna go to sleep all night night maybe
not Oh
thousands of people want to see you open
your eyes open your eyes
didn't like it when the doctors did that
thanks for watching thanks for loving us
thumbs up for this awesome baby and for
those cute little pictures that he was
in he did a good job modeling if you
guys haven't subscribed go ahead and hit
the button up there and we'll see you
guys in the next video have a good night
