good morning ladies and gentlemen how
are you doing today I am doing fine
thank you very much we have had a very
wonderful week Jackson is a dream come
true we are so grateful for him I am out
running errands trying to get things
done while Ellie gets some rest while
Jackson is asleep first stop that I have
on the list today I'm at FedEx because
one of you crazy awesome people sent us
a package so I'm here to pick that up
then I've got to go get some other
things for Ellie and the baby make sure
we're all comfortable and good and jolly
how fun is this our very first package
that we've got I'm so excited to open it
but I have to wait I'm actually gonna
have Jackson help us open it up but I'm
so excited I can't I I am just waiting
for Ellie and Jackson to wake up and
then we're going to open these and see
what you guys brought holy cow that's so
nice of you we had no idea so cool thank
you guys can't wait to open these up can
I open them go ahead no no um I kinda
want to hold him
gonna hold him Jared and I already so
he's been here a week and already were
like myturn myturn
he is one week old today that's your one
week birthday today but how do you feel
about that oh happy birthday
yeah I got you prison yeah we got we got
you presents Jackson surprise it's your
birthday
Cupid won't say who it's from I see me
personalized children's book oh cool oh
that's so cute that's awesome so
personalized book does that mean that oh
my gosh does it say his name er yeah oh
how cool is that huh awesome is this
it's a personalized book for Jackson oh
he's lost you're making oh no oh no this
is the only binky that he'll he'll take
so who loves Jackson this book was
created especially for jackson clark
Meachem who arrived on January 9 2014
we love you mommy
daddy that is so cool oh my gosh that is
so cool who loves Jackson mommy loves
Jackson how much so much more than the
mountains more than the streams more
than little boys happiest dreams that is
so cool find out who it's from oh my
gosh this is so cute
mmm oh my gosh that was so sweet of you
guys to make that you got a crying guys
good job
well I cry over everything now that's
like dear Ellie Jackson and Jerry
congratulations on welcoming Jackson
Clark into this world by the way Jett I
don't know why you gotta cry it was so
cute by the way Jackson there are some
giraffes in here where I live for though
oh my gosh why is is so cute to me I
just had a baby I haven't excused to cry
whenever I want
it's the hormones there are some drafts
here where I live in Florida that are
very excited to meet you someday I hope
you enjoyed this special keepsake you
are a very blessed little boy Jackson
it's funny
always remember that lemon sunshine from
Florida Caitlin I'm sorry Kay why am i
crying all over your liver
thank you so much Caitlin that was so
nice of you as you can see it's a
greatly appreciated we're gonna read
that to Jackson all the time oh my gosh
literally he will have that look forever
because you know how you have your kit
your children's book from like ever you
always have your 10 bucks Jackson say
thank you say thank you buddy thank you
so much
Thank You Caitlin that was cute oh look
Jackson it's a giraffe with your name on
it look oh my gosh that open up and see
let's see how big it is that's what she
said
oh this is look how cute he is
look how cute
I'm like this is from k12 oh holy crap
okay Lin you outdid yourself holy cow
thank you so much
look let's do this it has a little
giraffe and Jackson on it ah how cool is
that you love it don't you Jackson Josey
a Colt wreck
sure okay you see my feet yes okay watch
this whoo now there's only one let's see
the backside of it that is so pretty and
supersoft do you want to feel guys and I
feel oh that's oh so put on his face you
guys don't want to see us anymore oh
look at his lips puckering very very
thoughtful so thoughtful I cannot wait
to read through every page of that book
that is the cutest thing I have ever
seen that is so sweet you guys are
probably here to see Jackson I know
that's what you guys want to do and see
you see our little boy Jackson so I
guess I should allow that to happen so
here he is oh they're in cancer yes I
meant mmm
is it that bad there's a little bomb
keep little bomb on spank it I'm gonna
spank your bum Jackson Shh just kidding
I want to talk about a couple things
I've learned the first week that we've
had Jackson one where has all the poo
come from honestly there's so much poop
number two seriously
tons of poo I mean we change his diaper
all the time but we had his first doctor
checkup and he stills the same wait
seven seven and we left the hospital and
he was like seven pounds one ounce and
my doctor was very impressed that he has
maintained his weight so I guess they
lose a lot of weight yes Ellie has done
an awesome job with breast
honestly I'm so impressed number three
that I've learned le is so much more
patient than I am I honestly thought and
we were married with replay replay times
ten so much more patient than I am
I'm not patient but with my little child
I am I honestly thought I was so much
more patient than le with everything
under the Sun but le is so much better
than I am with Jackson especially like
early early in the morning the past
couple nights have been pretty crazy
with us being up in the middle of the
night he's been awesome like he hasn't
been too bad
le is just mu today
gotcha le is so much more patient than I
am when it comes to that so I commend
her for that she has been so good and I
have not I need to be better so shame on
me for that hey you can change a diaper
breathing good I have gotten really good
at changing diapers however I'm terrible
at swaddling I cannot swaddle worth
beans but yeah that's what's going on
but today we actually are going back to
the hospital I'm not sure some of you
guys have seen in the previous videos
Jackson had a little kidney not issue
but he had a little something that the
doctors wanted to take a closer look at
with his kidneys they weren't closing up
all the way I think on his left one they
weren't it wasn't closed all the way so
we're going back to the hospital to get
that done to get an ultrasound done on
that and just see how he's doing but in
my opinion he's a dream freaking come
true I like him I think we'll keep him
hey little Jackson here's your toy cuz
you are such a good little boy here I
want you to hold it now here's your toy
Jackson oh sorry
he's okay Lester kisses Oh mom he's such
a sweet little boy he is how did the
appointment go the appointment went okay
he oh that is who take it burp excuse
you the appointment went well
he's still his kidneys still has a
little bit of fluid on the left side and
are not too concerned yet still but here
in
couple months they're going to
ultrasound it and double-check but so
far he they said not to worry don't
worry about it everything's good he's
still awesome he's healthy and growing
and pooping Lots and that there's so
much poop hey I don't know what to do
with myself there's so much really I'm
even shocked and I'm around a lot of
babies I've got lots of babies in my
family so he poops a lot this is all
people really want to see this yeah
right here you guys have been waving
thanks for patiently waiting probably
should wake him up because he spent a
long time since easy he has been such a
good boy this week he sleeps all the
time if I let him he would sleep all
through the night
he eats really good and he's a really
happy baby he never cries only when
worst like even shooting his diaper
he doesn't like scream changing his
diaper just like right in between
feedings he Oh cry oh say hello
oh oh oh you wake in it say hello to
everyone Jackson smile Oh big yawn oh
good boy
oh you want mama job would you hmm so
that's our quick little update Jackson
is doing awesome mom is doing awesome
still - everything's going great what do
you guys want to see what do you want to
see do you want to see more of Jackson
do you want to see us do some fun stuff
you wanna see like our routine like let
us know in the comments below what you
guys want to see of us next look his
legs out of his bottom lip is out for
once he finally has a bottom lip he's
not eating it he always eats it in it oh
you could've be my mom um oh let's kiss
those little of thanks for watching guys
thanks for watching Jackson come into
this world you literally saw him his
little egg and now he is here and that's
really cool and special you guys have
been along for the ride and we'll just
continue and see where this boat
takes us so thank you for watching see
you guys
you
