it's a dark foggy cold morning early
early in the morning and now we're on
our way I'm super tired guys can I
preface something real quick
yes I am probably gonna cry a lot today
guys I don't know what it is I think I'm
just gonna cry a lot it's it's in your
blood
in my blood so don't judge the tears
it's in Jared's blood but it's in mine
too I can already feel it so I'm just
like I'll just keep quiet got a little
bit of waterproof mascara on so let's go
enjoy our day I'm excited for every
minute of it even though I know it's you
know gonna be uncomfortable and painful
and it's a new experience but I truly am
excited to experience it on I'm glad I
have my best friend here with me that's
me let's go let's go have a baby
so I know you hate this question I don't
actually there's no nerves on the
membrane so the same day I'm sure that
is going to be what it's like next time
when you're in Walmart make your water
you know what it was I just moving only
in the booth they just move it along
just had your water broke
now I can be ice chips so Ellie just had
her water broke or I build the same by
my contractions I'm just I can feel that
I'm so strong and I came in and I died
I'm two or three I came into the
hospital we've got all our goodies right
here
everything's gone smooth you
and some contractions I'm definitely I'm
having a really hard time with this I
mean it's just it's been really rough
for me with all of me you know the food
that they're giving me it's just tough
I'm having a hard time so I can really
sympathize for you Ali I feel so bad and
we can't have any of it don't give her
any gems you get ice chips and I said
can I have ice chips it's a little like
dr. pepper in it and they said those on
ice chips sound delicious if we're just
kind of playing the waiting game Ellie
is dilated to a 300 you killing
something so silly that's good I know
it's just the start of it won't just get
worse but like I kind of like let it be
known at 9:15 Ellie said it's not that
bad here by 12 actually my idea is what
hurts that's ones a million can't have
the contractions all I want
I either just kind of pay for anything
halfway
my skin is like one dead let's take a
little going on here heartbeat is
looking good if you can see here these
guys are the contractions that are going
and then this is his heartbeat up here
and then we've got all the juices
pumping into her veins and
how do you feel about that I really
haven't defeat they broke my water and
how did that feel it nothing it just
felt like a gush of warm water you're a
trooper I love you another contraction
oh yeah you can see it you look so
beautiful you know that doesn't she look
beautiful she's so gorgeous thank you
yeah you're gonna be a good mom yeah
you're gonna be a good be good parents I
think I'm gonna be a pretty cool town
not gonna lie I think I'm gonna be
pretty cool Ellie is just an optical
five and we're just waiting for the
epidural now and so she should get some
really good traction today yeah but I
think for halfway point
I just I just felt like the shakes I
just know nothing shakes
you
you
Oh
you
you
okay the lobby's thing you're okay that
word ouch
Ellie you're not using your swear words
you know every time you say that I want
to say excuse me you never had bee sting
it's the contractions I've heard that
whatever you did didn't hurt at all
I'm trying not to move on my stove okay
hungry now sometimes you're losing
you're doing great Ellie just remember
to breathe over done good job good job
good job so I only just got her epidural
and how are you feeling now okay you
feel a lot better talk job and it didn't
even hurt like what what hurt and at the
end was just I was having a contraction
I feel really good now I mean
considering and like halfway I have
progressed really fast and for the most
part I know it's really good like I like
I'm happy with myself I'm like I'm proud
of myself I'm proud I think I think
you've done an awesome I feel like it I
feel like it's still a dream though like
I feel like this is doing real so maybe
that's why like that's not my fast or me
dad's money and I'm not like doesn't
even seem real I don't even try this is
just a dream
mordioux yeah right now holy crapola
gosh was 20 minutes later 20 minutes
later Ellie was from a 7 now she's out
of nine and a half they're getting the
room set up we're gonna have this baby
any time oh my gosh I had my epidural at
11:00 and now it's one blows my mind is
this a dream it is right now we're just
getting ready to push here we go 3 4 5 6
7 8 9 10
- Wow
he's a big boy what did you just say I
could do this five more times I guess
we're having more kids Oh Ellie I'm so
proud of you that was though it took a
few years I took a few years
he's perfect look at him he's just
looking around we still need to get you
cleaned up I think we need to get you
cleaned up don't worry
well guys she did it you did it
Ellie our son is here we have our boy
he's he's with Ellie right now and the
pregnancy was perfect the delivery went
I couldn't have asked for a better
delivery I progressed extremely fast we
started around 8 o'clock we got here
really early but by the time they really
started everything it was eight yeah so
you told her
Jackson Clark Miko was born at 209 p.m.
January 9th 2014
he weighs seven pounds seven ounces and
he was 21 and a half inches long that's
our son he's a good size baby the nurse
said where did you keep him like but
where was he he was hiding the whole
time because my baby is so small it's a
beautiful snowy day today I'm not sure
if you can see out there
so unreal good just a beautiful day
couldn't ask for a better day to have
this to have our little boy I'm sorry if
my eyes are red I have been crying like
crazy I'm such a little blubber I love
you Ellie well now we are in the
recovery room Ellie has had the baby
we're feeling good we're just relaxing
having a good time
how do you feel I feel really good but
I'm really tired so exhausted but she
was such a champ but first thing I want
to show you this room that they have us
and they have us it's a call to suite
it's uh they're doing like a test of it
but as you walk in this is what it looks
like so you've got a queen-size bed it's
like a hotel room how sweet is that nice
chairs so I'm pretty excited I think
it's pretty cool and there's only two of
them and you have to request them and so
we were lucky enough to get one I love
it
I just I want him we were getting ready
to bathe him and so Jared's gonna go
watch they're gonna call me any second
and he's gonna look all pretty and
everything so I mean he's gonna look all
handsome and everything he's such an
angel he just laid on my chest for how
long did he lay there it was an hour to
it probably two hours and he just he
laid there and I just arrived his back
and I snuggled him on my chest and he
loves me like he really did like he was
crying and the nurses came and put him
down and he just he knows and loves his
mama I just hope he likes me I hope he
likes me guys oh he's gonna love me I'm
cool I'm a cool dad already he grabbed
onto Jared's finger and of course
Jared started bawling I started crying
when he grabbed onto my finger how is
that funny
I don't know it's special he grabbed
onto my fingers it's my son day two of
the venture is here we are having a
wonderful day together it's just been so
nice to be able to relax and have
Jackson here
to enjoy that little sweet angel from
heaven how are you feelin Ellie I feel
so good my sisters were gonna come and
see me and they just went and did some
tests on Jackson so they're bringing him
back and I'm just excited to hold him
again I've been snuggling him all day in
my chest and we have just laid together
and he's been eating really good and I
took a nap dad and Jackson had some good
bonding time he slept fell asleep on me
for about an hour it's pretty sweet so
cute I got a picture of it and what is
this that I see over here oh my goodness
someone has brought you flowers is the
cutest thing of my mom to do what no
that's me that's all me right there guys
I want to read you the know I think it
was so cute guys it says to my sweet
wife I love you so much
I'm so proud of you and I can't wait to
raise our perfect son with you I love
Jared how gay is that that's touching
that's a little touching right oh you're
cute I love you I didn't mean to cry
business so cute Jared went out he got
some cough drops because he's still
getting over his little cold and he came
back in with some flowers I thought
those so sweet tip for the guys flowers
always are good cry I think you guys
need to see a little bit more of Jackson
how's mama and Jackson doing good good I
was just look like a snowman yeah he's
just hanging out no how do you do a
little guy you just sleep in
he founds Allah he does he has my
natural face my natural face of you guys
don't know is you know how I said I
would never love anyone more than you
yes I remember that I think he has my
heart no place for me I'm alone guys I'm
all alone my boys my boys hi guys
everyone did they like where'd you get
that but it's not for little Joel so I
was at the dentist I was checking my
phone and I told her I'm like sorry I'm
like so attached to my phone my sister
just had her baby I'm expecting a
picture like any minute and so her head
was down she goes oh that's okay you're
her sister and I just smiled my was like
oh yeah
she's like you're Ellie's sister animals
- she's like I've been waiting for her
to put a picture on her blog she's like
I've been waiting all morning for her to
have her baby I'm like she's like I
follow them she's like I went to she
goes actually I went to beauty school
with Ellie she goes I've dropped out she
would never even know who I am but I
knew who she was and I was like oh and
then you text me what was her name do
you remember that I didn't get her name
what was your name let us know and we'll
say hi she was like I don't know if
there's gonna think this is weird I'm
like she's not gonna think it's work
she's gonna love it and I was like and
I'm gonna tell her so I told her on my
way out I got a text message on my phone
the picture I was like hey this is her
baby and everyone was like oh yeah and
we were both like what a small world
honestly like what a small world
oh they brought milkshakes some
milkshakes unless I'm in the doghouse
I cannot know they are in he's not a
teeny baby either okay guys that is it
that is the video this week I hope you
guys enjoyed it we had so much fun
Elias such a trooper she's really a
champ I am so proud of her
Jackson is healthy and strong everything
is good with him
we can't wait to take him home honestly
guys thank you so much for watching we
read through all of the comments that
you guys left and have been leaving us
all of you guys that have been praying
for us like we want you guys to know
that we felt that especially in the
delivery room it was amazing we could
just feel the strong presence and every
everything was really great and Ellie
was just feeling so good and we couldn't
have asked for a better day it was it
was phenomenal thank you guys for
everything thank you for subscribing if
you guys haven't subscribed if this is
the first video you've seen go ahead and
hit the subscribe button then you guys
can see a lot more videos like this it's
a lot of fun we have a lot of fun making
these videos go ahead and like the video
below and we'll see you guys in the next
video with our third member Jackson
see you guys
