it's chilly can you see the fog how's my
hold
we're going to my last appointment at
least what I believe to be my last
singer's cross we'll see
she gone with very very low expectations
I think I'll only be disappointed if
they say oh you're out of one or you're
not progressing oh I think that's all
anyway I'll be disappointed can you even
know I think regrets
can you be a tattoo one week and the
next week via no one I don't think you
can I don't think you can either so
we're going in let's see what he has to
say I think this is a really big
appointment I am kind of nervous today
because I think maybe last week I got my
hopes up just a little bit because I was
so far progressed the first time so we
will see what he says let's cross our
fingers but not our legs he is I mean I
sure it's normal it's definitely
decreased but I'm sure it's just because
there's not as long as it has yeah
yes and to to but you got a member to
the women upcoming here in Syria for
senators a lot it's usually one or two
and then going for labor so so the
question is whether you would like to
get started Thursday okay I think that's
what I would definitely do if you're my
doubting us definitely what I would say
is that would be a really good idea let
me go call them I don't give the time
okay I'll be right back go ahead and get
dressed okay
now I ask you some questions okay well
guys we are very excited we are having
our baby boy on his due date on Thursday
the 9th we're going in early we're going
in early early in the morning and for
those of you who guess on the
competition if you guessed January 9th
you're one step closer we've just got to
find out what time he's gonna be
delivered yeah my guess is probably
later in the evening I'm gonna say three
o'clock oh I know it's too early I'm
going in at 6:00 my first time having a
baby I think I'm gonna have a more like
8:30 or 9:00 at night we'll see but
we're excited we're having a baby three
days we're having a baby in three days
and last week I was getting over a cold
I'm better and Jared woke up this
morning got all spiffy for work and
literally has like the worst stomachache
headache throat throat ache
so he looks really good but does not
feel good so we're going home we're
gonna see how he feels
I'm hopeful he'll feel better by
Thursday I'm just excited so we are
excited to have this baby sorry the
video is short but we want a hurry and
get it uploaded so that you guys can be
up to date you guys have been asking and
we want to you ask and you shall receive
right exactly so we are giving you a
quick update so what do you think dad I
think we're having a baby soon yep
I'm excited guys I'm so excited can't
wait dude
Jared's gonna go throw up and I'm gonna
make lunch
good bye
you
