hey guys hi guys just wanted to give you
a little clip here we were going through
some of our Christmas footage and we
found something that I think you guys
might like it's kind of embarrassing but
I think you guys will like it I'm making
Jared put it up because I have had
plenty of footage of me up so I thought
this would be really funny as you can
see we don't have a baby here just yet a
lot of you guys have been asking us you
guys have been so cute the past several
days you've been instagramming questions
you've been messaging us as the baby
here is the baby here so we really
wanted to hurry and jump on and give you
just a very quick update on how
everything is going with us until our
appointment on Monday so hopefully you
guys will feel more at ease along with
me until then
no baby yet my contractions can but
completely stop I have a handful of on
the day but they weren't like they were
the other day and it could be because
now I'm done working so I'm not on my
feet as much I don't know but he's
cooking and we're happy to have him cook
and we're just chilling out at home so
that's our little update we wanted to
let you guys know if you do want to find
out the soonest there's a couple
different ways you can do that one
follow me and le on Instagram to follow
me on Twitter those will be the first
places that we give out the information
about when we're going to the hospital
when we're gonna have the baby those
type of things those will be the fastest
way so be sure to check out those and
we'll keep you posted as much as
possible I hope you enjoyed this nice
clip because I sure do
I don't know if I do or not but we love
it oh you're just a milking cow
yes who set up my breast pump this guy
and guess who is going to use it first
this guy yeah what what I'm not I'm not
trying that out first if you say so
should take up my shirt yeah I think you
have to
you gotta try it okay let's turn it on
suction and this bead did you get the
speed down oh uh yeah I guess yeah Oh
Cheers
that's so funny only my husband uh I
don't know maybe others you have to make
sure the nipple is centered oh my oh my
gosh this feels weird amazing is that
you're just gonna say feels amazing it's
like getting massaged is this what they
do to cows Mike how right now
I guess well how is that experience you
can milk anything with nipples
