hey guys we are getting ready to go to
my 38 week doctor appointment today I am
38 weeks and four days along so I'm just
a couple days shy of 39 weeks and if you
guys haven't seen on Instagram yesterday
I posted a update on how I've been
feeling I'm getting over a really bad
cold right now but baby news I have been
having a lot of contractions
they stopped yesterday so I really
hadn't had a lot throughout the night
and I haven't had any this morning but
the day before they were very consistent
in the day before that they were very
consistent they never got stronger but
they were very close together we're
really anxious to see what the doctor
says compared to last week when I was
dilated to a 2 and 80% effaced so we're
very excited just anxious very anxious
I've got to get Jarrod out of the
bathroom my god I don't I don't go get
your hair looks good let's look at your
hair come on I'm a mother
oh it looks good I'm wrong I'm how about
sometimes it takes Jared a little longer
to get ready than it does me but grand I
just don't care anymore at this point
like men let's go to my appointment guys
is down nice and it's exactly the same
now what that means still much more
ready than most important but what what
it means is that whatever you have to
this point hasn't been given me anything
real okay
so there'll be a lot of that but you
will know and normally for someone to go
into labor I see a little change so if I
was a gambler Las Vegas okay no tax
write-off baby no okay okay
hey Santa didn't get I know that's okay
yeah
Dinah I was hoping for New Year's baby
it's okay if he comes on the night
perfect and if he comes in two days even
better so I'm excited either way but you
did there what I still was you know
progressing he's coming either way yeah
so just an hour later it's probably
gonna be later no yeah that's okay well
guys that was the appointment not too
much new going on she's still a tattoo
he didn't really say anything other than
that but um so that means a couple
things we could be waiting a while and
could be coming up soon you just never
know what do you think we called our
parents and they're like oh are you
disappointed and we're not like we're
still excited our energy is up I think
of anything I'm just I'm just excited
like I want to see him I want to see
what he looks like but I also very
content with him staying in here I just
I don't know I think the baby is a lot
easier to take care of in your belly but
it is
well and in my head I'm thinking I just
want to get over my cold like I would
rather you know yeah give you some more
time to kind of like recoup get your
energy from though from the head cold
and everything um so I think it's
actually probably pretty good that you
haven't gone crazy in the labor right
now yeah in like the days that I work I
was having all those crazy contractions
I really was working hard like I was at
work I was on my feet all day I would
come home and I would clean because I
want the house nice and clean for when
we bring him home so it's just I don't
know it's in the air everything's in the
air
so that's the story it's an ear we'll
have to just kind of wait and see what
happens
what's your guess then I guess oh yeah I
don't think we've officially guessed
like the date yeah my guess is I'm gonna
say January 5th that's my guess January
5th and I originally I was thinking
January 3rd but I like I want to say
just the first week in January
probably lame guess come on yeah give us
a day January 8th January 8th okay for
those of you who don't know we get some
comments Ellie's due date is January 9th
so she's doing the 9th we'll see but you
never know so and that's the thing you
just never know
it's like jack-in-the-box you just do
doo doo doo doo doo doo dee dee dee dee
you do great beauty but I'm at about
back baby
good bye
you
