hey guys today is the big appointment
that my doctor is going to be checking
to see how far along I am coming I'm
going to be 28 weeks this week and Jerez
just heating up the car so let's go see
how far along I am I'm not quite sure if
Jared's going to be able to sneak past
and record so we'll see how this goes
someone's at the door
sort of ring the doorbell hi I am
recording and you guys are my video
these are my friends and my neighbors
that was lucky to you
some of you guys said that you wanted to
see snow I think in our Salt Lake video
one of you said you'd never seen snow
before so it is snowing I don't know if
you can tell through the camera but it
is a snowy day today let's go see if
we're gonna get this baby here this is
like perfect packed I know look at that
that is pretty let me see the snowball
sounds like that's a good snowball check
it at the rock or at the neighbor sign
cave let's go there goes nothing okay
are you ready yes we've done this enough
with you guys but now it's been a while
so I'm kind of okay let's go look real
quick guess what do you think do you
think I'll be dilated at all me I'm
gonna guess at you I'm gonna guess a
table that's my guess and I don't want
to be naive
I really think I'll be a 1 or 2 but I
know with my first time I could easily
not be dilated at all even if I am at a
1 it doesn't mean I'm gonna like have
the baby this week I just like I want to
say like a 1 or 2 yeah and if not
totally okay totally okay right yeah cuz
we should still got a couple weeks yeah
and we want him to cook as long as you
can but with two it'd be kind of cool
too we'll see you see really bad week
since I saw you I kind of flew by
quickest my head here I'm here heart
must be there okay we're checking to see
if the cervix laughing okay okay
Maggie love the cervix is thinning if
it's dilating and how all the heads
coming down now there's to him coming
down the cervix itself if you're dilated
to 2
that's more than most women at this
point and it spend about 80% which is
more than most women
and now I get to see you every week hey
so so kind of any not anytime but kind
of yes it could be any time so two
dilated and two centimeters dilated
eighty percent of face - one station
which is very good okay good thank you
I don't know why it was so emotional
you're done great I think that I think
that like when he told me that I visited
- it just like hit me that it could be
any time it feels so good but we're did
- guys let's call he said that a minute
- and then I met 80% effaced and he said
that considering it's my first and for
how far along I am he said I'm ahead and
he said he said if you were to guess it
could be it I will go before the night
if it was his guess and he said anytime
this week or next week probably he'll
come so I think that's why I'm so
emotional as I do it like it just hit
home this is crazy
you're cute Ellie thank you I love him
this is just crazy
I don't look like a baby okay okay put
your pants on okay thanks for putting my
socks on for me it kind of hurts to bend
over now
I like you I think freeze Mel thank you
you're welcome sweetheart
sorry I kicked it should go buy some
food now let's go do some stuff okay
alrighty guys we just finished with the
doctor appointment we are now home by
the time you see this video our contest
will be over officially if you guys
missed it well we'll have another one
here in the future I'm sure but comments
are officially closed for the contest
that we had be looking in the future for
a video where we announce the winner
because we still have to wait for
Jackson to be born to find out the exact
but the contest is now over so be
looking for the announcement of the
winner and the prize that one lucky
person will get from us I think it it
took me a while to have everything sink
in and it just seems more real today
than any other day this baby could come
anytime they said this week or next week
probably a little bit earlier than your
due date yeah pretty crazy and I I
personally I want him now that I know
this I want him to come before the new
year maybe like the 30th but I kind of
them maybe thinking he'll come like
January 3rd or something that's still
like almost a week early yeah I think it
may be the very first week of January or
like the last day of December yeah
that'd be sweet I think December 30 30th
or 31st would be cool it's the countdown
guys this is the real countdown we're
just waiting to see cuz it could be any
time now any time we could have Jackson
in our arms how crazy is that
as always guys thank you so much for
watching we really do appreciate all the
feedback and comments and support that
you guys give us it's a lot of fun to
read out the comments as always be sure
to thumbs up the video if you liked it
we're gonna count down the days and
we're gonna have a baby we're gonna have
a baby I'm in a baby there's only one
way out of here
