hey everyone I am so excited to show you
guys baby Jackson's nursery it has been
a long time coming but it is finally
done and we are so excited I'm also
excited to show you guys a couple other
places where I have some of his things
hey guys before I show you guys the
nursery I want to show you guys a couple
places where I have some of his things
in here I have all of his Bath stuff his
lotions his creams
his little rubber duckies and his
washcloths in here I have all of his
blankets his swaddle blankets his burp
rags his little my little nursing covers
all of his blankets are all in our
blanket closet before I go in and show
you the nursery I want to kind of
explain the feel that I was going for
the theme turned out to be kind of a
giraffe theme I'm sure a lot of you know
through all of my Instagram posts and
our other videos here on YouTube the
theme is giraffes and I also wanted the
feeling in the room to be a mature
feeling but also a baby feeling not just
walk in and it's like BAM a baby room so
I'm really excited to show you guys so
let's go in and take a peek
you
you first walk in on this side of the
room I really wanted to do a baby
collage of Jared and I and so we have
Jared up top yawning as a baby and then
we have me yawning as a baby and then we
have Jared up top with his little yellow
lab and then you have me on the bottom
with my little yellow lab so I thought
those are really cute baby pictures of
us I also got this nightlight giraffe
and this is extra special to me because
I actually found this giraffe and I
bought it when I was on my sixth round
of clomid and I walked into a little
store and I saw the nightlight and I
just really wanted it and I was really
wanting a baby of course and so I bought
it and now it's really special having it
here in his little room we are super
excited for our comfortable rocking
chair and we also have his little
nightstand and what's in it is just all
of his pinkies and teething stuff and
then on the side here we just have a
basket of some of his little books we
did end up going with a lot of what you
guys suggested I asked you guys what
color of curtains we should get and we
decided with blue so I hope you guys
approve a lot of you guys helped us make
that decision so I really love the
curtains and then on this side we have a
little nightstand and on top of it we
just have a little caddy and I'm sure
the majority of the time this is going
to be in our living room but I love it
that we can just have his diapers his
wipes his creams all in one spot that we
can take around the house and then I
stand all of the stuff in here is for me
and the bottom drawer is just my jammy
drawer and then in this top drawer it is
nursing nursing material so you've got
my nursing pads my nursing bras and a
little thermometer for him I love his
little crib that we got and I
I decided to just make the bedding very
simple I really like just the plain blue
sheet and then I got him a really really
soft Mickey blanket I cannot wait to
snuggle him up and this and then of
course some of his stuffed animals the
first couple weeks or months he'll be
sleeping next to us in my bedroom so he
won't even be in his crib at the first
little bit and of course our giraffe
George what did we name him I can't
remember do we do George
this is our little giraffe my dad is
huge in to putting handkerchiefs on
every child so we thought it would be
kind of cute to put a little matching
blue handkerchief on George so should
that be his name shall we name him
George the giraffe yeah George kind of
Georgie if you guys think of a better
name let us know finally last but not
least is the closet starting over here
we have all of our diapers and wipes and
that should last us like six months or
so right I have no idea it would like
lasts a week but we have all these
diapers and his wipes and these are all
of his clothes from a year and older so
those are just hung up we've got my
diaper bag set in here and we have
Jarrod's Man Man gorilla bag insert
explosion right here
underneath I just have like a car seat
cover and his little carrier for when
he's just a little bit older on this
side of the closet we have all of his
clothes some of his little shoes are up
here in the first drawer we have all his
little sock ease and his hats how
precious are these little glove mitts
for him the second drawer this is all of
his newborn clothes lots of jammies the
rest of the drawers just go from three
to six months clothes six to nine months
just the rest of his sizing and that is
all of his clothes so we're keeping it
simple in here I didn't want a ton of
clothes hanging up I'm really glad that
we were able to just fit them all in the
bends this is where he is going to be
sleeping for the first couple weeks or a
couple months depending on what we
decide but I am really excited to have
everything done we're really ready for
him to come and I hope you guys enjoyed
looking at what we decided to do for our
nursery so if you guys liked our nursery
tour and you guys liked everything that
you saw make sure to thumbs up thank you
guys so much for watching and I hope you
have a wonderful day bye
you
