that's done yeah try that one more time
said that's how it's done let's go to my
doctor appointment so brisk and cold
how are you good how are you
and again I love it when it went down
if you go into labor we don't try to
stop yeah you called me and said I'm
having contractions I guess a good yeah
way to tell them three to five minutes
apart breast real uncomfortable okay and
I always keep in the back of your mind
that an average labor is 12 hours okay
so if you started the draft and came in
after 20 minutes it's too soon can't
that's too soon okay given if it was the
real thing and they didn't send you home
it's too long to be there you know yeah
so
now next week we'll check you okay well
that will snow if you're starting to
thin dilate now really let us know how
close you are okay
okay any questions no I'm sure I'll ask
you questions next week oh don't be a
lot so so as of now now but I love it
every week mm-hmm yeah I feel I feel
pretty good this point so thank you
Christmas okay thank you yes so do you
think Elly next week these guys I'm
going to be your best friend you are not
invited next I'm not
you guys aren't invited next week I'm
sorry we'll just see that no you are not
invited you guys are not invited do you
guys not see me the next appointment no
let's go well that was a short doctor
appointment like always but from here on
out we are extra excited because now our
doctor appointments are going to be more
than just weighing me and checking the
heartbeat they're gonna be seeing if I'm
progressing and how I am doing so we're
excited about that
today's just kind of a short little clip
but keep you guys as I out because the
next two weeks we are gonna have plenty
of stuff to put up we've got the baby
room done we've got our bags that we're
getting finishing packing just lots of
little things here and there so keep
your eyes out for that one thing that we
would like to do is have a little
contest the contest we'd like to do is
we want you guys to guess the date and
the time that Jackson is born the
closest person to guessing the date and
time will win a little prize from us
we're not sure what it is it's going to
be small but we thought it'd be kind of
fun to do something along those lines so
there's a little contest what you guys
need to do in the comments below put the
date and time that
guys think he's born the person who's
closest is going to win something also
this is only going to be for a week
because we don't want people guessing
too close to the date and be like oh I
guess - no it's only it's only going to
be open for a week - put your actual
guesses to be eligible for the contest
so put it down below what you guys guess
also be sure to LIKE the video and if
you guys haven't already be sure to
subscribe because it really does help us
leave your comments below and we'll see
you guys in the next video bye bye we're
having a baby
you
