okay guys jared is just getting off of
work and he's coming to pick me up we
are going on a very special date tonight
and I just hung up my little mistletoe
and so I'm hoping to hide you guys and
snatch a good kiss from him
I hope there's nothing in my teeth I'm
really excited for him to get home and
has to go on our special date he just
got here you guys have to stay quiet
because I don't want him to see you so
we made it on the train
we're on our way to solve a great now
what but not without fault we missed the
first drink so we had to sit in the cold
for a while that's okay brought our way
we're on the train yeah good time yep we
could have driven but we thought taking
the train would have been fun to not
have to worry about traffic again it is
fun just to sit and enjoy right I like
it
what are we going to do tonight we are
going to Salt Lake City to look at the
lights that they put up every year for
Christmas it's called the Temple Square
yeah there are thousands and thousands
of lights and we're gonna go take a look
at him I've gone all the time growing up
because I live here but we've never gone
we never got together in the four years
now it's kind of sad
mosa yeah we're trying we're gonna fix
that advantage of every little thing
squeeze in before or weeks before
someone comes in ruins and you're gonna
ruin everything Jackson ham and chicken
I love you
we just got off the train it is very
cold but we are just about to walk like
all the lines doesn't look great I think
that temple looks awesome guys thanks
cool look at all of that yeah we'll walk
up and around yeah
look out loo the tree it's on fire that
tree is on fire I just I'm chilled to
the bone
it's cold but look how pretty it is it's
just the beginning - well let's start on
one end and go to the other alright look
at all these like crazy look at all that
they missed a tree poor little guy he's
feeling left out we didn't miss you we
didn't miss you little chewy
we found you don't worry I love your
love this tree literally has every
square inch covered in lights it is
ridiculous whoever had that job did a
freaking good job I want to know
seriously how long did it take and how
many bulbs are lit look at all of this
this is crazy
look at all that that's beautiful what
do you think my jar are you shivering a
little too much all of the little lights
in the water reminds me of it reminds me
of tangled is that funny it's crazy we
just took somebody's picture and they
came all the way from Georgia to come to
Temple Square to see the lights and
people just come from all over the
states to come see these beautiful
lights and it's just kind of cool to
meet people and I can't even talk about
love love this is the designated
engagement picture place as soon as you
get married or engaged this is the place
you come to to take your picture what do
you say Ellie I think we are just about
done at the light I am starving so I
feel like if I talk are you like I'm
talking really really smooth no I can't
move my mouth very well but we're
starving let's go get something to eat
so pretty so fabric you want to touch
the high-need oh I think we're gonna go
to the Cheesecake Factory okay okay you
think you can agree with that I can
agree to those terms and conditions we
got our way for the crosswalk though cuz
we don't want to get hit by the car
that's the last thing that I want to
have happen when we're four I cannot
babies here and like no one has like
little hats on it so I think when we
bring Jax in here eventually we'll get
it on the hats it just has the two eye
holes and the nose hole that's what I
want to wear right now I think I can't
put my arms down they have my favorite
store here in the small it wouldn't be a
trap
No
laughs let's go buy me some bath bombs
to warm up my cold face if the lights
weren't enough topping it off with the
Cheesecake Factory and about that bombs
I think that the bath bombs be the I
don't know I think Cheesecake Factory is
probably a lot better than the bathroom
and then above a bath after that's
pretty good yeah top notch yeah I do say
there's probably a really long way
let's eat food that was yummy
that takes it good in my belly I am a
little sad though we wanted to get some
hot chocolate to go but their machine
was out of it or it was broken I don't
know if it's because so many people were
making hot chocolate or whatever but it
was broken so I'm so pissed I know
really cool we're gonna be cold walking
back to the train but we got a
peppermint bark cheesecake to go so on
the train will you're gonna believe
we're gonna be eating a train it really
is so cold waiting for this damn train
nothing better than ending the day with
some nice cheesecake I thought this is a
really fun date I thought you're taking
me welcome hope you guys like the lights
I just thought that you guys might want
to come along and see our little date
and thumbs up if you love the Christmas
lights that you saw and if you like
cheesecake thanks again for watching
guys I'll just take these games that's
so yummy get in my belly
goodbye
