hi everyone I am so excited to give you
guys my 35 week update I cannot believe
that I am 35 weeks pregnant and I only
have five more weeks to go I have
emotions from head to toe I have so many
emotions I'm excited I'm nervous I want
to cry mostly because I'm happy and I
can't believe that I'm on the
homestretch being 30 weeks pregnant was
my countdown but now that I'm 35 weeks I
feel like I have the five week stretch
like I've got five weeks to go and it
blows my mind that everything has gone
so fast
this week I've kind of thought when I
was on clomid it seemed to drag and it
was month after month of okay well that
didn't work let's try this or let's do
this again and it just seemed like it
took forever and I guess I kind of
relate it to like when you have a
vacation and you're having fun and
you're like call that week went by
really fast I feel like that's how every
single week has gone every single week
has flown by I haven't had a week go by
yet that I feel like has drug on and I
think it's because I've just been so
excited so five weeks ago and for this
week I no longer can wear my wedding
ring
oh I'm so sad not that I'm like oh I
can't wear jewelry but it's kind of sad
when you can't wear your wedding ring I
can wear it but I definitely can't take
it off very well so I thought it would
be safe to just take it off and put it
away because you know the last five
weeks I'm sure I'm just gonna get that
much more like fuller with water weight
and weight gain or whatever so I put my
wedding ring away I have been going very
slow this week everything I do takes me
that much longer bending over and
putting my shoes on is a real chore when
I wake up in them
of the night to go to the bathroom
instead of just like getting up and
going to the bathroom I kind of just
roll out of bed and kind of like slowly
walk to the bathroom I noticed this week
especially this week I just I can't seem
to quite get to my destination in the
time that I want to get to so I have had
a lot of downtime this week I definitely
have been trying to take advantage of my
times where I can rest when I'm at work
I am at work and then when I get home I
really just try and just sit so Jarrod's
been really really good to help me out
he's even putting my boots on me a
couple times and that's kind of funny
so in my last video I talked to you guys
about how I was having a lot of sharp
pains in my lower abdomen and a couple
of you guys mentioned Oh Ellie you have
lightening crotch and I don't know why
oh I do not why that's funny oh I
laughed so hard and lo and behold a
couple days later I was reading on my
pregnancy app talking about the baby
descending and the app tells me that
when the baby descends you have what's
known as lightning and so it's like a
real term who knew I didn't know so
thank you guys for making me laugh
because for a week there I just laughed
about it and now whenever I'm out and
about and it's me and Jared and I have a
lightning I yell Oh Jared I have
lightning I have lightning and everybody
around is just like who's the crazy
pregnant lady screaming that but we
laugh and it's kind of our little joke
that we've been talking about the past
couple weeks because I have it so much
lately it does not startled me as much
as it did when I first talked to you
guys about it really did startled me
every time it happened I was like what
do I do I'm going to have this baby but
you know now I'm used to it and it's not
that bad so thank you guys for making me
laugh I still am have
lots of sharp pains and just lots of
movement and I just think that's a good
sign because it shows that my body is
knowing what to do and it's preparing
itself also this week it has especially
been really fun to watch my belly move I
mean I've been able to see my belly move
when Jackson kicks or moves but I think
especially this week maybe because my
stomach's more tire he's getting bigger
my stomach morphs to him like when he
moves it's like my whole stomach moves
and it's been really fun I've tried to
record a couple clips of it here and
there and it's just been really fun to
see my belly moving and changing if you
guys watched my last doctor's
appointment it was my 34 week update my
doctor appointments when that happened I
was like 34 weeks in like five days
pregnant so that's why my my doctor
appointments and then my weekly updates
are so close together is because they
scheduled me kind of like at the end of
my week so if you watch that video you
probably you probably saw that I talked
to my doctor a little bit about spotting
and I wasn't too concerned about it
because it was just the smallest amount
and it only happened once and I did talk
to him about it and he thought the same
thing you know you're on the home
stretch it's normal he thought that it
was okay and I felt good about it but
you know it did happen so I want to add
that in my update you know for me for
for reference and for any of you that
may be expecting and have that happen to
you and I think that is my update it's
just a small update and I again just
couldn't be more thrilled I think it's
really cool that that I made it this far
and I feel like deep down I don't know
if everyone thinks this or if I don't
know but like deep down I've been
the whole time I didn't I didn't want to
miscarry at first and I didn't want to
then have a premature baby but now that
I'm 35 weeks I'm I feel a lot more that
I'm in the safe zone and I know there's
never really a safe zone but I feel
better about everything I'm really happy
that I've been able to carry him as long
as I have and I really hope that we can
get the next four or five weeks down and
then bring him home and and then he will
be here and saying hi to you guys
instead of just me so that'll be really
fun for you guys and so that's my little
update I will go ahead and show you guys
my belly now
you
you
thank you guys so much for watching I
hope you guys have a good day and I will
see you guys next time bye
