you have to dance
Elliott you got a dance you got a dance
that is the best pregnancy dance I have
ever seen was that enough that was the
best pregnancy dance I have ever seen I
bet I've been wanting to dance like that
for a while that is the pregnancy dance
that I have never seen before
I like amazing I gotta shake my belly
you got to shake your belly why you got
it yeah shake what your husband gave you
shake what you I got a shot curves off
while I've got some
okay we're going to the doctor this time
I'm going to know that he's going to
push on my belly and I'm going to just
relax because last time it took me a
little off-guard
yeah and then that first weekly visit we
check your sugar okay
you see if you take record that moving
wiggling ring yeah yeah I do have a
question not a question but just maybe
so you know um I didn't think it was a
big deal so that's why I didn't call I
felt okay about it but I did spot just
the tiniest and if you would call that
kind of decrease your activity not only
of course you see usually is from Zurich
skinny bump okay so when I check you in
three weeks first thing I'm going to say
is you can spot because I do this okay
so to me okay every won't will start
going like this we appreciate you he
takes half of it out it's kind of fun he
makes into just a little place to look
yeah thank you
let's go front shock shut up drop no but
fred is shopping for us monday shopping
I worked on Black Friday for 15 hours so
no Black Friday shopping because I'm
dead still best spot in the lot
pretty soon you're gonna park that huh
yep thank you baby Jackson for giving me
the best spot in the lot so we finished
with Ellie's doctor appointment now the
goal of the day is to find a stroller or
and a car seat or some sort of sweet
travel system did you find the system
that you like tell me
our Graco tell me vana it's beautiful
and gender-neutral and I don't know how
else to sell you on this it has three
wheels instead of four so that's a plus
or minus other than the color of the
currents this has been the biggest
stress to me but I think I finally feel
really good about it
and I really like the stroller
coz it's small it does fold up really
small and that's one thing that we like
because we're we don't dog we don't run
you just go on walks go to the mall so I
really like the size of the stroller for
that purpose I think that he is gonna be
one happy fella in here
people say the youngest kids are spoiled
I'm the youngest I think the oldest are
spoiled because they get everything
brand-new like you know all of our love
and money is going to him at least until
you have baby number two and then it's a
whole different ballgame I don't know I
really like this one gun okay check mark
smooth that is yeah look at the rotation
has a good rotation
very good very solid so so we are
getting the water libera it's a gray Co
that's fine now
Graco fast action fold sport click
connect
that was one ding long name I think it
would be happy with it very stable here
we had all the strollers that we have
like four different brands for different
strollers out and the lady said that she
thinks that this would fit us best
because it's the smallest we're not mean
we're not very tall we're kind of short
because Jared and I were we were that we
had a Chico one out that we were folding
up and it was so heavy and both me and
Jared just like this is so big bulky but
then once we got this one out and it was
really light so small people need small
strollers I guess I just found the
perfect Christmas gift for Ellie she
will die when she sees this it is a
Twinkie maker what the heck who knew you
could get a Twinkie maker that's crazy
I'm gonna go show her Ellie I have to
show you something I have to show you
something I can see
Merry Christmas I really do I want it
Twinkies are like your favorite right I
love any anything any sort of sugary
goodness that you can consume with your
mouth I'm not even mad I'm quite
impressed Baxter I like it
who's excited for anchorman - this guy
is I'll be fun to watch well I think
we're ready to go
good criminy we just walked out of there
with a free stroller just kidding we
just gave them our drivers license and
we are going to test the stroller in our
trunk to see how we like the space so
I'm just oh I just ran over the curb hmm
that was an accident
okay show's houseworks let's do this
come on dad first thing that you do now
got it you take up the car seat right
and you throw them to the side one
second full boom done
we have a lot of stuff in our trunk too
I think I mean that's pretty well yeah
it still takes up a lot of room but we
have like all of our tools this needs to
go and all that back there can go
because our trunk does go far back I
think it's a good fit honestly because
if we're going anywhere we can fit our
suitcase right there yeah I think it's
a-okay yeah I do like it I feel really
good we officially have everything we
need for him well I haven't purchased it
yet forgot we have to go back and buy it
this is just the model they only have my
driver's license what are they gonna do
with that I know I can't they can't
trace that back to me I can't trace that
back to me one of the very best stops
that any man could ever mike cabela's
I've never been we're gonna have a
rockin good time Ellie working out of a
rock and go time it's so cold it is a
little chilly make a beeline for it
let's go hey fishy fishy fishies oh
there's a ton of them do you think if I
keep wearing this hot Jared will buy it
for me I want it Oh
you don't like it I think it looks cute
on you I really do
I like it it's really warm holy moly
it is five o'clock and my doctor
appointment was at nine o'clock we have
been gone all day looking and thinking
and researching about travel systems we
went to lunch we ate some food we have
fun Jarrod didn't buy me my hat but
that's okay
I loved that hat I'm not in trouble am I
no not yet anyway though I did like that
hat though it was really warm we are so
excited to have this to go home to and
just set up we'll see how it goes
setting it up I'm just kind of thinking
about what else we need to do now get
your hospital bag ready get your diaper
bag ready
get my man utility bag tough man bag
ready just then just kind of count down
the days until baby J comes yep well
thank you guys for watching and I hope
you guys had a wonderful day
I'm the battery's gonna die oh we got
alright you guys say goodbye if you guys
liked the video be sure to subscribe up
top and then thumbs up the video that
way we know that you guys liked it
have a wonderful day we love you guys
and we'll see you in the next video
goodbye bye bye bye I'm just excited
about my travel system design Graco fast
action fold sport click connect it was
one long name
Oh
