here we go one cold tradition we have is
the night before Thanksgiving we all go
to the gun club when we go shoot aired
losses and I usually take the top spot
but we'll see what happens this year
whoa whoa all right we got the bird all
right we're about to read off the scores
let's see how it came out first place
was a tie or bow and Chad all right well
shot 21 out of 25 and Jared took next
with 20 yeah I'll take that and then I
got 17 Kevin and Joel taught at 14 I
feel bad you put through that said ah
Thanksgiving morning we have some family
in town that is staying at this hotel so
we are gonna go swimming in the hotel
you excited go swimming yes yeah mixer
goes to me
let's go I'm sorry I'm sorry let me help
you out let me help you out
I promise come on let me help you up
okay I've got you I've got you okay
again you get you better
okay I'm sorry I'm sorry
Ellie what I you're really talented
do you want to know why why well you're
cooking two things at once oh yeah
you're kicking to think Jesus yeah
you're pretty good you're kicking in
dinner and cooking a baby I like it
apron Thanks
you look good
how are you feeling today not very good
I can feel him but I feel like he's
gonna come out oh really well all the
future about tooie he might not have any
room yeah sub dad are you gonna thinking
to show us the bird yeah are you not yes
are you gonna flip the bird up he just
left the bird off how inappropriate
that's so inappropriate dad
make sure you cover that belly up real
good to get size napkin for you
what I'm grateful for I think this year
it's pretty obvious what I'm grateful
for when we started doing all this video
stuff I'm gonna get crying hmm we never
knew how long it would take just sitting
here with Ellie being 34 weeks pregnant
to me is the biggest miracle ever and I
am just so grateful that Ellie is
healthy that the baby so far has been
healthy and strong has a good heartbeat
and everything has gone smoothly it's
just been amazing finale has been such a
trouper
and I'm grateful that we're having a boy
me too I'm grateful for family friends
these guys here I just have to laugh
because I was thinking about what I said
two years ago I'm grateful that all the
kids are here cuz I was done and and it
was Kevin who decided that we should
have another one and I'm really grateful
that we have literally well I'm just
really grateful for this past year
I look at our family and then we're all
in a really good situation and I'm
grateful that everyone has their hope
that at least this year 2013 we can all
say we're doing well that that is
capable for my family I did pay for all
the cousins that Kate has is still fun
watching her interact with all cousins
I'm grateful for Kate she's the light of
my life she just makes me happy every
morning she the best never happen a bone
I'm so grateful for toilet paper did you
it provides me with a very very good job
for my family I'm grateful I think for
for the relationship that I have with
each of my siblings and their spouses
I've always liked the idea of balance
you know right where we focused on
church focused on family focused on
career education
I haven't gone overboard on any one
thing that you're just you can't
function in the other area I know why I
have a lot to be grateful for but I know
that I haven't been grateful the whole
year and I feel like right now I'm
really happy and I'm really grateful
that our prayers have been answered
but I know that I haven't quite been the
easiest person to be around this year or
might just want you guys to know that I
recognize that it's always fun not to
cry so with that said I'm grateful for
faith I think if there's one thing
spiritually that I should be grateful
for this year I see that it's faith that
I think it's something that you have to
learn to follow because it's not easy to
have faith so that's what I'm grateful
for this year is prayer and faith and
family and I'm grateful that everybody
has stuck with me because I just know
that I've not been the nicest to
everyone because I haven't quite felt
myself throughout the year so I just
want you guys all to know that I love
you and I'm really grateful you get a
pass is there a time frame no yes let's
put a time frame on yeah we got a ton of
time I'm 13 yeah well the rest against
each other what okay I don't know what
to do so you're not gonna mess up my
makeup I know that's what I was thinking
showing my cookie kiss football come on
you're almost there
I don't have it looks like we've got the
artillery out huh show us houses on nice
oh yeah you go mm you'll shoot your eye
out
hey Ellie do you think if we get you on
the trampoline it'll induce labor do you
think that will get a head start okay
this is the only time
come kiss me come in here kiss kiss
goodbye you look like a spider monkey
the old okay well the day has come to a
close it's time to spend time to say
goodbye
mm-hmm I hope that you guys had a good
Thanksgiving cuz we sure did we had a
lot of fun good food good people what
are you guys grateful for we really are
thankful for you guys and your sweetness
towards us
totally so tell us below what you guys
are grateful for and we hope you have a
wonderful day
Happy Thanksgiving from us to you and
Jackson to you he's moving right now so
there's more pie I want more pie I want
more pie happy don't scream room okay
okay we'll see you on the next year next
time
