hi guys I am going to be answering a lot
of the questions that you guys have been
asking me lately and I'm also going to
give you guys an update on how I'm
feeling if I miss any questions that you
guys have been asking me feel free to
comment below and I will make sure to
get back to you these are just the main
questions that I've noticed that I've
repeatedly seen so let's get started
with that
the first question is when is the baby
due Jackson is due on January 9th are
you going to be a stay-at-home mom or
are you going back to work I am going
back to work only one day a week to keep
up on the clients that I have luckily
with me you know having my own business
per se because I rent my booth
I can choose when I go back I can choose
the hours I can choose to come in or not
come in and that one day that I do go
back jared is going to be watching the
baby so not none of the daycare stuff
Jared will be watching the baby the one
day I go back I'm excited about that and
another thing is if I wake up and I'm
like I don't want to leave my baby like
I'm not doing this then I won't go back
to work so but as far as right now I am
planning on working just one day a week
are you going to be using cloth diapers
or disposable diapers we are using
disposable diapers are you guys going to
be filming the delivery this is a big
question yes we are filming the day's
event we will be filming us going to the
hospital we will be filming me you know
probably getting an epidural and IV and
after like when we have him in our arms
but as far as the actual delivery most
likely not will keep it PG for sure but
it just depends I don't know who's gonna
be in the room if I want anyone there if
it's just gonna be Jared who's gonna
film you know I don't know but yes and
we'll be filming the day's event are you
guys going to be giving a room tour yes
the baby room slowly that surely is
getting done I just got my curtains
yesterday we'll be hanging them up today
so when the room is done I will show you
guys everything are you guys going to be
filming what's in your hospital bag and
are you guys going to be filming what's
in your diaper bag yes to both and we
will be filming a what's in my diaper
bag and what's in Jared's diaper bag
because the guy has got
to have a bag too so we'll definitely be
doing those are you going to a birth
class no I have gone to a couple births
I know that's not the same as actually
going to a birth class but no I'm not
doing birth classes um do you have a
birth plan I do not have a birth plan I
am planning on going to the hospital and
letting the doctors and the nurses do
what they need to do and I'm just going
to follow and listen to what they
instruct me to do so um I do not have a
birth plan are you planning on keeping
up the vlogs when the baby comes
absolutely we want to continue with the
vlogs it might get a little boring there
right after he comes because it is gonna
be January it's RSV season here it's
gonna be really cold here in Utah we
already have like nine hundred cases of
whooping cough so I'm not going out very
much when he first gets here so we're
gonna do a lot of little filming at home
but yes we will be keeping up the vlogs
are you going to be breastfeeding or
bottle feeding I am planning on
breastfeeding and planning is the key
word I have heard horror stories of
women stressing out because they lose
their milk and they really wanted to
breastfeed and uh I just I'm just gonna
play it by ear how me and Jackson feel
so I want to breastfeed I don't want to
spend money on formula but we will see
but breastfeeding is the plan the last
couple questions are do you want more
kids and how soon after do you want your
kids this is a very sensitive subject
and I don't even believe I'm able to
give an exact answer but I will try yes
Jared and I want more kids as far as how
many kids I have no idea I think if you
would have asked me a couple years ago I
would have given an answer of like four
now that we've gone through this
experience my thinking has completely
changed and I
I just I don't want to play that game
with myself I don't want to be
disappointed when the day comes and I
can't have that many or I you know what
I mean so as far as numbers go I'm not
I'm not I don't know how many kids I
want I do know I want more kids and as
far as when we are going to want to have
more kids I don't know I haven't even
had my first one yet but I can roughly
say maybe when he's two years old is
probably what I would want to start
trying again
it could change maybe when he's 18
months I may have that itch again or
maybe when he's four years old I might
say okay now I'm ready so I really don't
know as far as when we do try again I
know that we're not gonna try very long
until I go to the doctor this time
because we know the reasoning why I
can't get pregnant so I hope I answered
those questions okay if I did miss any
Earth you guys have any other questions
feel free to comment below and I'll make
sure to get back to you as far as I am
feeling today Thursday the 21st I am 33
weeks along and I believe that makes it
only seven weeks to go I have a little
list of here of how I've been feeling
the first thing that I have noticed the
past week or two is I'm starting to feel
the way that I felt at the beginning of
the pregnancy I was nauseous a little
bit but never to the point where it was
like I had to go sit down
next to the toilet or anything I've
noticed lately that I really just don't
feel good my stomach constantly is upset
like if I eat like the pit in my stomach
at the beginning of the pregnancy I said
I felt like I had that pit in my stomach
and I've noticed that the past couple
weeks that pit has come back so I
definitely have been not feeling well
the past week this has probably been
probably one of the worst weeks that
I've had which isn't even bad but just
for an update I have never had like a
full-blown bloody nose but I think with
our weather changing here in Utah it's
getting a lot more cold and icy
with the pregnancy it has caused me to
have a lot more like bloody noses not
that like I just come out with a bloody
nose but like if I blow my nose or if I
pick my nose if I blow my nose and or
pick my nose there I have a lot more
there's like always blood in my nose
I've also noticed a lot more headaches
they have come and gone this whole
pregnancy but they definitely are coming
more than going right now I have had a
lot more headaches I truly feel bad
because at nighttime I really try and
let Jared sleep he works so much Jared
seriously is constantly working and so
I'm trying to let him sleep but
sometimes it just like at my headache is
unbearable and I just have to wake him
up and tell him I guess but he we've had
a couple rough nights lately of me
having really bad headaches so hopefully
we can get through that I've also
noticed pains I know I've had a couple
leg pains here and there but these are
like I don't even know how to explain
that I asked my doctor and he said that
it was okay but like extremely sharp
pains like in my in my low lower abdomen
like like so painful that I have to stop
whatever I'm doing and just like let it
pass and I have never this is so new to
me because I've never felt anything like
it so it's hard to explain but like if
Jared and I are walking around a lot I
noticed it more like on our anniversary
weekend I have it a lot and I'm sure
it's just you know stretching and
growing and you know things adjusting
for the baby to come but I've had a lot
of pains in my lower abdomen so I when
I'm home I try and sit a lot because at
work I'm always standing too and I've
actually noticed at work I've gotten
them too and I don't want to like draw
attention to myself so the other day I
was bullet I was blow-drying someone's
hair and I had one of those sharp pains
and I didn't know what to do like if I
should stop blow-drying I'm like stand
there like a goofball and let it pass
if I should just like dill through it so
I just dealt through it and it just it
just hurts so bad so I don't know if
that's like what a contraction feels
like or if it's just sharp pains so I've
noticed a lot of those I can also see
why pregnant women pee their pants I
have not peed my pants yet but with
those pains and maybe like in with my
bladder being full and with him kicking
harder there has been several times
where I'm like if I didn't just hold
like my bladder I would have peed my
pants
there have been a couple close calls no
shame at all if I pee my pants I'll let
you guys know I think it would be really
funny actually but I can definitely see
why pregnant women have peed their pants
before because it is how it is almost
happened a couple times and I always get
a kick out of it so that's kind of funny
one of my friends asked if she could
touch my belly and of course I didn't
care and instead of just like touching
my belly she was like rubbing my belly
and I was like that actually felt really
good because my skin was so tight and
Jared's really good to rub my feet and
my back and so I came home and I had him
rub my belly like just with lotion like
not any crazy like massage techniques
but just like rubbing my belly and it
felt so good like and I slept good that
night too and so maybe you should rub my
belly more often Jared but it really
felt good and so lately I've been having
him give me more like massages and stuff
because my skin is just really tight so
I am grateful for Jared for doing that I
think lastly how I've been feeling also
the past couple weeks because I haven't
been feeling as good and chipper and
more energized than I normally have
during the pregnancy which is really
normal I think with all that like my
emotions have changed too I for the most
part
really happy and really positive I have
consciously told myself to be really
positive because I'm really grateful so
even the days that I have been kind of
sad or sick or not feeling well I have
kind of just like trucked through it and
tried to be really positive and even
though I still am positive I just I feel
like you know there's lots of hormones
in pregnancy and there's lots of
emotions and I feel like this week maybe
a lot of those emotions have like come
to surface and I don't know why and I
think it's healthy and I think it's
normal and I think it's good to help up
and down days but I definitely have
probably had more down days the past
week and even like today like I don't
know why but the weather's kind of
gloomy which I like I like that it's
getting winter but I'm kind of gloomy
and I don't know why like I'm happy but
I think I think it's just hormones I
think it's just hormones so I don't know
what I like I don't know what to say
about it but I just I don't know I think
I think it's important for me to express
I have down days but because you know I
want to be honest and you know with
everyone because you know not every week
is all positive and happy and stuff so I
would definitely say the past week I
have not felt my best physically and
emotionally I am grateful that I can
feel him moving and I'm I'm so happy
that we were on the countdown still only
seven weeks left and I think maybe
that's another reason why the emotions
have surfaced is because it's more real
now that like oh my goodness it's coming
like I have to have diapers in my closet
I have to have you know this stuff ready
for this brand new baby to come into our
lives and so I think that's another
reason why my emotions have surfaced
right now that is my 33 week update and
that is me answering all of the
questions that you guys have been asking
I hope that you guys are have
wonderful day I cannot wait for Jared to
get home to hang up the curtains that we
got they are these softest things I have
ever felt so I'm going to hurry and get
this room done so that I can show you
guys everything that we've done thank
you guys so much for watching and I hope
you guys have a good day
and I will see you guys next time bye
