you ready to rock and roll let's go see
our baby well we'll go take a look at
Ellie's turn Ellie won't hear the
heartbeat no baby and see how much I
gained and they'll have me pee on a
stick I love peeing on sticks I can feel
this foot right now I can still and
Jared who is missus oh I can't oh wow oh
wow look at that yeah that was cool that
was so cool
that's her he's gonna be a soccer player
no he's not no it's gonna be a beautiful
Ellie it's from a movie oh it's just
from a movie
don't worry he's not gonna be a soccer
player he's not and wants to be a soccer
player it's he can do that if he wants
and he's not I want him to be a
pole-vaulter that's what I want
did you know that Jared pole-vaulted I
pole-vaulted he coached at an college he
coached pole vaulting I did
five more pounds yeah baby I want a big
beach deal
I want a big baby a big healthily I want
a big fall healthy baby what do you take
away oh that's a tough one
you should figure out how much we both
way yeah I guess and I guess in a six
pound like that would be nice
but it's not gonna surprise me if he is
a little under six with how a little we
all are I don't know
I think he's going to be six pounds
seven ounces
I'll think oh be that big
place your bets below you need to try
one of these okay since it is your
exercise time I'm you're driving it's
good right booth this fibers are like I
dunno yep
I can tell I'm Frank okay 32 so once it
gets head first it normally stays that
way is good yeah and I am just assumed
with because it's pressure and stuff
there's several times I just be like
so the general plan now would be two
weeks
34 36 weeks and then cat putting the
first every week visit me check check
you chicken exactly ok
any question oh let's see yeah ok
nesting sippy does the camera when I
start you guys would want to see that
right our doctors are pretty good with
us filming but I think people don't I
mean I guess a lot of people don't walk
around with cameras all the time so we
get lots of like you know my little
nurse that checks my blood pressure
she's always like she doesn't like it so
we we don't record when she's around cuz
I don't think she likes that but it's
our story it's our baby we record what
did when and whatever we want Elly was
it just me or was he poking your belly a
little bit harder than the Pillsbury
Doughboy would be he was poking my belly
really hard I feel so like I don't know
how this is gonna pan out guys I don't I
mean he wasn't even pushing that hard
and I just oh vert were on the down
stretch my appointments are every two
weeks now and then it'll be every week
and then we have the baby like they'll
check me I don't know what I'm gonna do
how this is gonna work when they his
fingers are so strong on my belly it
hurt you're tough I think you can handle
it yeah I think you're gonna be great
you're a lot tougher than you think yeah
you're a tough girl yeah I think I am
but I know you are it's just it's I'm I
mean I'm used to touching my belly nice
and sauce so he gets in there he's like
let's see what I can do with this yeah
there's his head there's a bunny so this
has been his body then that's the
majority of what I feel that little
toesies oh oh
yeah pushed his mommy didn't like it so
hard look kind of hard that is I can't
push it any harder but right here I can
push Britt here I can't that's Benny
he's just chillin right there oh I have
to go to Target I have to go get lots of
just little things to like baby
washcloths and stuff maybe I'll show you
what I get hey guys I just got back from
Target and Walmart and I thought you
guys might like to see what I got I just
grabbed a can full of baby items that I
just wanted to have on hand before the
baby came and I just ordered my diaper
bag and so I already have a lot of like
baby lotions and powders and like cream
for him but I wanted to grab double so
the I can just leave everything in a
diaper bag and then have extras here at
the house so yeah so I just got just a
couple little things to go in the diaper
bag for me and then for him and then
some
but paste breast cream and look how cute
these are for his little car seat look
at those little puppies
he already has socks but I saw these
like newborn socks and they're like
teeny tiny and so I was like that would
be good for the first week or two that
he's home just to have like these little
teeny things so I got these little
newborn socks
I got his crib sheet finally and just
receiving blankets and then some little
washcloths and then lastly but not least
look at this I got my curtain rod so
hopefully that'll be a good curtain rod
because I ordered my curtains and my
diaper bag so that should be here at
like on Wednesday so in just a couple
days I should be getting those items so
I'm excited to get things together and I
feel like finally it's like okay like
like the weeks are coming and I've got
to kind of get things in order I'm
really excited for all these little
items I'm excited to show Jarrod when he
gets home
but keep your guys's eye out I'm gonna
do a really big 33 week update on how
I'm feeling because I definitely have
had a lot of changes and I'm going to be
answering a lot of the questions that
you guys have asked me over the past
little bit you guys have asked me tons
of questions from like are we gonna film
the delivery are we using cloth diapers
regular diapers like you guys have asked
lots of like little questions and for
the most part I think I've been pretty
good to write back but I still know not
everybody sees that so I'm just gonna do
a video on that and give you guys my
thoughts on how I'm feeling I'm gonna
give you guys a little bit of update on
what our plans are for when the baby
comes so keep your eye out for that it's
probably gonna be kind of a long video I
probably get to be talking the whole
time to answer all those so and thank
you guys for watching I hope you guys
are having a wonderful day stay happy
because we're happy and it's always
better to be happy than not happy so I
hope you guys have a happy day and I
will see you guys soon bye
