how's that taco it's a it's good happy
Anniversary to us by eating we're eating
really cheap tacos because our silly
video wouldn't upload fast enough so we
stayed home a lot longer this morning
than expected but we're on the road
reading tacos to hold us over
we are just pulling in to our hotel room
doctor doctor doctor doctor that that
that that Dada Dada Dada Dada Dada she's
even fire are you Park this is probably
where you just go oh maybe valet parking
well that was a whirlwind walking up
here how's your belly doing good this is
nice what do you think it's crazy this
is the coolest hotel I have ever been to
look how big that is that's a cold tub
that's a cold toilet
that's a cool shower all right now the
pool closes at 9:00 and that I sound
like a kid I don't know I'm sure other
people think this but that's why I want
to go to a hotel so I can swim in the
pool the pool is the best thing about
going to hotel so I'm excited to go to
the pool what in the world is this right
here so this is June mrs. Meachem Stein
Eriksen don't keep the box I think so
yeah what is that
the box of chocolate that that's crazy
oh my gosh they're so colorful this is
the nicest hotel this is other than our
honeymoon yeah that is awesome
why is that so I also be so fun to keep
and for memory's sake we are pleased
that you have chosen Stein Eriksen Lodge
to celebrate your wedding anniversary
best wishes for a memorable stop stay o
stay from the staff at Stein Eriksen
looks cute can you hear them working
they're doing an instruction but they'll
stop that's so fun it's so cool look I'm
gonna look at those chocolates again
that is so cool okay you're pretty
chocolate yeah like I don't want to eat
them yeah you see how colorful those are
it's not like chocolate how did you look
one which one do you like first thing
you got to do a hotel and you can do it
a hotel because I'm a crazy wife and
don't let no one do that at my house
look going my shoes are on yeah I can't
use it on the bed I can't yell at you
for having your shoes on it's not too
bad
no that's pretty nice I think I like it
here I'm excited to go to the pool
should we go look at it yeah let's go
look at the shops too anything Kelly I
think it's really pretty I think this is
just gorgeous yeah it looks great
look at that going down the mountain but
not quite yet cuz it's not too snowy
pretty cool okay let's go find something
to eat we just took the shuttle down on
to Main Street and we are going to try
and find something to eat
and it was really fun there were three
other girls in the car and they were
from New York and so we got talking to
them quite a bit and they found out I
was pregnant obviously and because they
were here for prenatal research and so
when they found out I was pregnant
they're like oh and then we're like yeah
we're really excited it took us a while
to get pregnant and then they were like
oh and then they're like what are you
doing here and we're like it's our four
year anniversary and they're like oh so
it was really fun to meet them and talk
to em so now we're on Main Street trying
to find something to eat
you excited Jer maybe we should go into
the eating establishment to get
something to eat yeah
I'm sorry
nice
thanks good you Jane what Felicia I'm
sorry I'm naked let's drop it all right
let's go oh look at the smell on the
mountain it's freezing that's color
crazed life that's a nice looking pool
that's a nice look but what I thought
that's looking nice to me don't you
think yeah okay let's get in what do you
think Ellie well I think I think it's a
really pretty view of the mountains in
the snow it's so pretty so cool I'm
surprised were the only ones out here
yeah there are some hotel rooms with hot
tubs on their deck I think that would be
yeah that would be away from that's
something that we'll do next time for
sure
yeah but right now we're just kind of
hanging out in the hot tub it's actually
not that hot it's not hot I'm just
standing I'm not having even my bun
minute it's just my legs but uh but even
if I were to get in it's the
temperatures like 80 degrees and I would
say that our bathtub is a lot hotter
than this yeah it's not that hot I tell
you what guys you cannot beat that view
no not the mountains I'm talking about
she's beautiful I just I just think this
is so relaxing I could sit here all day
it's so nice
I love you it no one's out we have it
all to ourselves yeah ah everyone just
take a deep breath relax
Goo's problem hey do you guys pee in the
hot tub be honest
cuz I think Elly just did no I didn't
maybe I did a little bit we she we had a
conversation with our friends months the
girl was like I've never peed in the
shower like I would never I'm like
you're a liar
I like you're a liar if you've never
ever ever ever peed in the shower you're
a liar you haven't lived until you peed
in the shower pee in your pants is cool
consider me Miles Davis so what are you
grateful for I and not because it's our
anniversary then say this but I'm being
honest I am grateful that I've had four
awesome years with you like the best the
best four years of my life you know it's
just done with you so I'm grateful for
that I'm grateful that we have this
place close by do like admire the beauty
of the world I'm grateful for my family
and friends and our jobs yeah I'm
grateful for you guys I'm grateful for
the opportunity that we've had to do
this but just like standing here and
kinda like looking at the mountains and
the snow the trees and we're the only
ones out here I'm just like I don't know
I'm really grateful I'm grateful that we
have had four years together I'm
grateful that we I would say we've had a
very easy marriage but it's because
we've been selfless I believe like
Jared's advice to anyone is if you're
both are selfless you know can't go
wrong yeah the key to happiness in my
opinion is selflessness if you are more
worried about your friend your spouse
your companions
happiness more so than yourself and it's
a two-way street
it has to be both ways le can be
completely selfish not this not enough
but we both have to be selfless and if
we're looking after each other all the
time that's the key to happiness I think
just do unto others as you'd have others
do to you the golden rule yep he's
selfless self is the water that was not
the water Hey good please stop stop
blaming me as your guest again I'll do
it again
I knew pregnant ladies had gas but I
didn't think it was that bad holy cow
look I'll do to get it's the water
you're blaming the water on your farts
she does this all you guys don't even
worry
it's my anniversary and I'll fire the
fat lot to offer the want to I think I
can let that slide hmm so are you
grateful for anything else
anyone else oh I'm grateful for Jackson
what oh no I'm grateful for you oh I'm
grateful that I feel secure I think
that's what anyone wants is I want to
feel like secure and I feel like excel
that
oh is this moment and what are you
grateful for tune in next time where we
talk about Christmas look I want I want
I want did we just talk about
selflessness not selfishness I'm still
learning
okay guys I want to show you that my
friends is a drunken octopus that wants
to fight just so you know
what are we doing let's go take a
picture over here I think we've got a
pretty sweet view we're gonna film us
taking pictures picture of a picture we
are here to watch a movie and LA there
is no one here in the theatre we're
gonna have a partay
that means we can kiss through the whole
movie and no one will get mad at us yeah
we can kiss during the movie I want to
see Thor okay so Elly's sitting up there
I'm right here gonna show you a magic
trick
one two three ah god you're so hot so
fast
someone is joining us and we just got
out of the movie we went soft or I liked
it what did you think I really liked it
but I don't want to ruin it for anyone I
have my hand on Ellie's stomach
throughout the movie Jax is trying
strong crazy
yeah Thor ghost warrior awesome he's
like I think you had lowers Thor's
hammer hammer in there we're gonna head
home now should we end our party we keep
thinking there's a really cool bowling
alley here and you don't know if we
should go bowling or just go home well
just go home we'll have fun either way
we had a good time though we'll go home
in okay okay
let's drive safe had fun happy
Anniversary Bamber Street yesterday I
didn't even kiss you
mm-hmm Oh goodbye that's it red that's
okay yes air kiss
one two three
one two three
