okay we are here and you are here and we
are going to tell you a little bit about
ourselves and our story and how we met
because tomorrow is our 4 year wedding
anniversary whoo we did it four years I
mean we're still alive and we still love
each other no we do four years it's
crazy that four years have come and gone
it's it's funny how fast it goes yeah
but at the same time it's hard to think
back to where we weren't together yeah
so sit back relax and listen to the
story of how we met
Elly and I met it's kind of a funny
story
I like our story I lived in Finland for
a little bit dad a bit I was there for
service and I had my companion who I
worked with he was a good friend of mine
his name is Landon he had a girlfriend
that he would write to every week or so
and so I heard about this girl you know
the entire time when I was there her
name was Julie and Landon and Julie were
in love and it was a beautiful thing
so when Landon came home from the
mission I was able to drive from
Washington to where he lived in Utah and
he had a homecoming for him and at this
homecoming I officially met Julie at the
church where they were having the
homecoming so I sat next to Julie
because I knew her a little bit and we
were talking and everything and then all
of a sudden this blonde haired girl just
slowly would peek her head right over
the shoulder of Julie and I caught I of
her and I was like holy cow that girl's
really cute and then throughout the day
you know she had kind of leaned over and
listened to what Julie and I were
talking about and every time I look at
her I'm like dang
that girl is good-looking that is a
good-looking girl that was the first
time I saw Ellie and I remember being at
the church and Julie my sister was
sitting next to me and do they know that
she's my sister yet I think I do know oh
well you do now MA Julie was sitting
next to me and I remember I was kind of
mad because I thought you dating Landon
and and I want to be next to Landon's
friends that way they can ask me out if
they like me and so that's why I kept
leaning over it was because I was
wanting him to see me and to see that
Julie had a cute younger sister in hopes
of him asking me out obviously and have
some sort of effect because I totally
thought she was really cute after the
church service we would keep we kind of
like kept our eye on each other we kept
eyeing each other and
it was just kind of like we were playing
back and forth a little bit and I
thought that was a fun but I was there
throughout the week in Utah and Landon
and I were hanging out and we decided to
go over to get his hair cut by Ellie
coach Ellie was in hair school and I was
like yeah let's totally do that uh you
know not for any benefit for me but you
totally need your hair cut so let's go
see Ellie right I got a text from Landon
and he said is it okay if I bring a
friend and you cut his hair and since I
was in school I was meeting all the
practice I could get and I was like sure
bring him on over I remember the feeling
that I had opening the door because I
had no idea he was gonna bring this
friend and when I opened the door I
remember my dad was standing next to me
I opened the door and I remember my
stomach just like turned I was just like
like he's the friend that he's bringing
over I was so excited and so we cut his
hair when we were saying goodbye
Jared hugged everybody and Jared got so
excited that he even bent down and
grabbed our dog and hugged the dog we
were all laughing so hard that was a
memory that stuck out to my family and
for us to remember Jared one thing that
I remember a lot just that week I think
it was that same week while we're
getting to know each other she dated a
lot of guys and would go on dates like
every weekend and this is like when I
just first got to know her so Len and I
were hanging out and I was like what's
Emily doing tonight what are lean Julie
doing Len is like Oh Ellie has a date I
was like that can't work I I want to
hang out with Ellie Ellie had this day
it was a first date with this guy I
called Ellie pretending to be that guy
that she was going on a date with I was
like oh I am sorry I can't make it to
the date and I will have to reschedule
so she can hang out with me instead
because I didn't want her to go on a
date because I thought she was cute and
I wanted to hang out with her so I was
like well let's cancel that date so we
can hang out when he had called I didn't
even blink an eye that like I didn't
know the number or anything because I
hadn't gone on a date with this guy yet
we had met at the ice cream shop so I
figured it was just a different number
that he had called me on I didn't really
know his voice that well because I had
only met him one
so I was like doing it like this first
day of this guy that I thought was cute
we're not gonna go out Jerrod waited a
good like hour or two to say just
kidding like after my lesson I went home
and Jared called again I wanted to hang
out with you well I know there but I
felt that I felt bad at the same time
because he would go over to her house me
like what's the deal oh yeah we would
have figured it out between me and him
talking but Jared ended up calling back
and saying it's it's me Jared and I
remember thinking good for you like I
must like me then so my date was not
canceled I went on my date
I believe we went four-wheeling on that
date we didn't hang out and I got home
late that night once I got home I sent
Jared text I was like I'm home and Jared
said did you kiss him and I said nope
and we talked for a couple hours that
kind of started off the phase where we
were talking to each other almost every
single night we would text each other a
lot keep in mind I live in Washington
and I visit Utah every once in a while
my grandparents and and uncle live close
to Ellie's family which is super
convenient yeah and then I go to I went
to school and Utah as well we went on a
few double dates with Landon and Julie
but then we had our first real date
and I drove down to where Jared was at
school because Jared didn't have a car
so I would go down once a week if that
to visit Jared mm-hmm their first date
Jared called my mom and like asked her
can I take out the other day it was so
cute and he like told her what they were
gonna do because I mean grandma I'm
still in high school at the time just so
you guys know but jared is very
considerate and I think that's why my
parents didn't mind so much just because
Jared called
he knew that I was a high school student
this is what we're gonna do this is
where she'll be home thanks for letting
her drive so I thought that was cute
let's be honest guys I totally robbed
the cradle so our first date what we did
is we rented a tandem bike and we rode
all the way you know around town just on
the tandem bike then we went to this
really pop
they're hot dog stand in our town and
had like the best hot dogs ever and then
rode around a little bit more these hot
dogs were huge like like they have
special sauce too that they put on these
really yummy hot dogs it was a mess it
was dripping down it was sticky on my
fingers I just like if he has to be on
another day this is going to be really
cool it was really good
so we wrote around town and then I think
we went and saw a movie but it was a
really really simple date but we had a
lot of fun and then you know we
continued to date at this point we
stopped kind of going on double dates
just because Landon and Julie were in
school and busy Jarrod was in a
different place an hour away going to
school you know we are dating as much as
possible but at the same time we were
going on dates with other people too in
December Landon and Julie got married
and then I came up to the wedding
that's when Ellie and I officially
started dating like exclusively we were
going steady if you want to say that I
feel like I dated a lot I really feel
like I had several like boyfriends what
I really liked about Jared is he asked
me to be his girlfriend I thought that
was funny because all these other guys
we just assumed and then we were dating
but Jared's like sat down and asked like
will you be my girlfriend and I thought
that was really cute and I remember
telling my mom that and I remember my
mom just just smiling really big just I
think she thought that was cute too
that's how you do it guys you got to get
the points yes the points matter so um
we started dating exclusively um really
not kids we didn't and here's what I had
just gotten out of it like a pretty
intense relationship a pretty bad
relationship so I wanted to take things
really slow because I didn't want to
just dive into things you know we went
on a few more dates you know after
Christmas came and went
then Valentine's Day came and that day I
was like Jared's gonna give me my first
kiss like with him like forget forget a
kiss and Landon and Julie both work as
nurses
at the hospital and so Jerry came to my
mom's house and we made dinner and we
went to the hospital and had a double
date Valentine's Day dinner with Gillian
Landon at the hospital on their lunch
break and they let it be dude we made
this really really nice dinner forum we
came back to LA house we watched a movie
I think watch psych psych is the best TV
show we watch sighing I remember trying
to be extra respectful with Jared like
at my mom's house like I wanted my
parents to really like Jared we could
have gone downstairs in the basement
with a huge flat-screen TV and sat on
the couch and watched our shows but
instead we sat upstairs on the couch and
we had Jared's little laptop on a
barstool and we watched psych all night
long and I remember my mom's like he
could have gone downstairs and used the
TV and I remember like oh like my mom
wouldn't have cared like I just was
trying to not make my parents worry yeah
question we watch that we watch Psych
that was pretty much it then I think I
went home I think that was the night
that we went outside to the car and we
just kind of talked for a little bit you
came back inside and turned back around
and said I really like you I did and I
said I really like you too oh yeah I
remember yelling to him and I was like
and also I was like and I think you're
cute so we just kind of went back yelled
at each other but I think Ellie was
really mad because I didn't kiss her on
Valentine's Day but keep in mind I just
gotten out about it out of a bad
relationship and I didn't want to rush
things like at all but granite we had
been knowing and dating and courting for
three months and like a long time oh I
am sorry I remember hugging I remember
really hugging we hugged a long time and
I think we kissed each other's cheek or
something but like yeah I remember like
it was there you just had to finish the
gift but I didn't and I remember texting
land in that night telling him that I
was mad I was like Jared should kiss me
I honestly I felt really bad because
it's Valentine's Day whether or not
she's your girlfriend
you should kiss and then we're I
and I'm like you shoulda kissed me like
three months ago and two weeks before we
even knew each other you should have
been kissing on me I was still in town
yeah the next day and I was just like I
gotta make this right so I went to her
house you know we were just hanging out
like normal and you know I told her I
grabbed him and I was like I have to do
something I'm sorry and I told her I was
like I need to give you something and so
I go in for the kiss you know like being
like all really nice I'm sure I'm saying
like whispering sweet nothings into her
here and trying to be all cute and
everything and I go on for the kiss and
then Ellie all of a sudden as she's
coming in turns her face like that I'm
like what like I know you're waiting for
this kiss why did you do that like
nervous why did you turn your chicken
I'm like oh my gosh I've been rejected
and I was like wait a second wait a
second let me try that again so I'm like
wait wait I think I missed it so I go in
and then then that's when we had our
first kiss yes because I would go down
to see him a lot down in school I my
sister Ruby just lived in that same town
so when I would go down and if I spent
the night I would spend the night at her
house one night we were actually
babysitting my sister's kids and Jarrod
was there babysitting with us and the
kids have gone to bed it was kind of
late we were waiting for my sister to
get home
and I remember sitting on the couch I
think we just had a TV show on Jarrod
told me that night he's like I'm really
starting to fall in love with you he
hadn't quite said I loved you yet but he
was like I'm really starting to fall in
love with you so that was the start of
you telling me you loved me and then I
think the next week that I went down he
is I don't I think we were just in your
apartment and you said you loved me yeah
I think you came to visit and I said I
love to yeah and I loved you to know
throughout this time in our other videos
you've probably heard that I've had hit
problems in the past
in April I had total reconstructive hip
surgery on my right hip because there
was a point where I was I could barely
even walk I was in a wheelchair for some
time
on crutches for a while I just couldn't
walk and so the only thing to fix it was
reconstructive hip surgery luckily the
surgery was taken place in Utah so it
was perfect so I had my hip surgery done
I was in the hospital for three days and
I think you came every single day to
visit me and that was one of the coolest
things was Ellie came to the hospital
and visited me but the kicker is the
recovery time I had to lay in bed for
three months straight at my grandparents
house we had a hospital bed my mom bless
her heart stayed at my grandparents
house for three months you know they
live in Washington almost every single
day after hair school Ellie would come
and visit me and hang out with me and
it's so crazy but like that is the
majority of like our dating was I'm
laying down flat on this hospital bed
and Ellie comes and nurses me back to
health it was just really cool because
it was a period where we you know we
couldn't do anything so we talked and we
got to know each other really really
well and so I walked a lot and I feel
like that's how we got to know each
other as well as we do now is just
having three months of just sitting
there and talking and getting to know
each other so I couldn't even I mean
Jerry could sit up could you sit up I
even well I had I mean it was really
hard for me it hurt I mean the scar is
probably like this long without a shot
of it yeah but I had the hospital bed
you know I guess that's how I would say
by that time you were sitting and that
doleful like laying in bed the whole
time and I would just pull up a chair
and sit next to him every other day I
would be in hair school just down the
street from Jared's grandma's house it's
so crazy to me like how our how our
lives intersected like we're two total
strangers in two different states but
all of our family and connections are
within like five minutes of each other
it's it was it's so crazy to me so I
would leave hair school a lot of times
when Jared was there early and my best
friend Briana in hair school would get
after me she's like Ella you can't be
leaving early you can't afford to leave
early and
but we managed to make it work but I
left early several times because I just
wanted to be with you and see you one
who doesn't want to be with me and this
hair because I had a job too so I could
only see her for a little bit then I'd
go to my job and then high school and
then hair school my job so I had to make
time le graduated I went home to
Washington to finish my recovery I
decided that with all of our dating and
everything I decided I needed to make a
trip to Utah so I took my
sister-in-law's car with her permission
of course
and I drove out to Utah to ask
permission to marry her and Ellie have
no idea that I was coming so it was a
total surprise I went and drove up and
talked with her parents for a couple
hours and you know Ellie's parents are
so great I love them and we just had a
good time talking and I got the approval
to ask her and so just as we had
finished talking Ellie walked in the
door I ran in the room to hide from her
and surprised her and everything it was
great we went out to dinner I hadn't
seen Jared walk for months and Jared had
to learn how to walk so it was a
sacrifice for Jared to drive 10 plus
hours to ask my dad to marry me because
his hips still hurt he could he had just
learned how to walk again
so when Jared came out of the bedroom to
surprise me he was walking quite slow
like cuz you your hips were still really
hurt hurting so I remember hugging him
really tight and I just knew that he had
asked I knew that that's why because why
else would he be dry like I just knew it
about a month or so later Ellie flew out
to see me and to just hang out with me
and get to know my family a little bit
more so I took her to this amazing park
it has lots of flowers it's just huge
unbeknownst to Ellie I had a ring in my
pocket I took her through this amazing
park and there's this gazebo that a lot
of pictures are taken at and we had a
camera with us so I set the camera down
and put the timer on like let's take a
picture and so as the picture was just
about being taken I grabbed the ring and
pulled it out and you know so I got the
snapshot of the moment I had proposed to
Ellie and she said No
and I was like what the heck I'm just
kidding I'm just kidding she said yes we
were engaged yeah we went out to dinner
to celebrate and we were engaged we were
engaged August 13th and three months
later we got married in Utah yep
for time and all eternity forever I
never you're stuck with me
help me and they okay seriously tell me
don't be out of this
but we've been married for a wonderful
tomorrow four years
jinx you owe me a soda for years Jared
just like I said I mean looking back on
time like it seems so long ago but four
years have just gone by like like that
it's really fast yeah it's crazy I
wouldn't change I wouldn't do anything
differently I had someone asked me one
time do you regret getting married so
young and I thought that's kind of rude
because if I said yes that means I went
to you don't want to marry me yeah so I
I wouldn't change anything
yeah I wouldn't either I have yeah I
wouldn't change anything about anything
that we've done I just feel like we have
something special but in all reality I
just feel like life is really good to us
I am I'm happy that we've had four
really really good years together and
may we have 40 million more so that is
how we met that is our story thank you
guys for watching we do appreciate every
one of you all the comments we get we
read every single one of them I promise
we do we love them we love you guys so
thank you so much for watching and we
will see you guys in the next video
goodbye goodbye one more
take the camera gate puts ten pounds on
us they were always talking and talking
okay she's always just leave all talks
ah ah what do I guess we can just close
when Jared means close he means say a
prayer close with a prayer fold your
arms guys no peace close your eyes
