okay we just pulled up we are at my
mom's sorry they are here for our shower
there's my little niece say hi sure
Jared hi me Jackson we're here and were
the first ones here so we'll go see what
my mom has done and we'll see if she
needs any help setting up but we are
very excited how pretty are those trees
are you pretty excited yeah
hey everyone I am so excited to show you
guys what I got at my baby shower I had
such a wonderful time and thank you mom
and to my sisters they worked really
hard on making it such a special day for
me so I'm going to show you guys the
blankets that I got first and these are
extremely special to me because they
were all handmade
my mom made me this cute little doggie
blanket how flippin cute is that so my
mom made that and then my aunt made me
this huge minke blanket it is huge like
it's like a life a life sized one and I
just got a drape over the rocking chair
so that it's nice and warm when I wake
up in the early mornings so your bum
isn't cold so my bum isn't cool to feed
the baby but it is so big and look how
cute the backing is it has animal prints
on it isn't that so pretty it is so soft
Jarrod's grandma my grandma as well made
this blanket for Jackson and I got a
little emotional because I kept thinking
this is the only blanket he is going to
have from his grandma but then it didn't
click to me that my mom and Jared's mom
are the grandmas so I think in my head I
was thinking she's the only grandma that
I have left and it kind of was a little
sad so she made this for Jackson and
she's 90 years old and she is still at
it strong she made such a cute blanket
so thank you sweet grandma for that also
a fun car seat cover
and I wanted this so bad the JJ Cole's
bundled me because it is going to be so
cold when we bring him home and then
this really cool carrier how cute is
Jared gonna look with Jackson on his
back and then I got another JJ Cole's
item a diaper and white caddy and this
is going to be so perfect to have and a
truck around and everything in it is
what was on that table that you saw it
in the video of my mom walking around
everyone was supposed to guess the items
that were on the table and then I got to
keep all the items so I've got tons of
stuff here I'm going to go through it
really fast
cute little bowl set cute little sippy
cups like lights little booties little
like soap stuff like that paste or gel
whosits and whatsits ducts there's just
a ton of just like baby items in here I
also got a really cool thermometer for
him my sister is a nurse and she got
this for me she says she loves it and
uses all the time it's the ones that you
just like wipe across their forehead so
I'm really excited to have that and then
of course what would having a baby be
without having like little books so I
got some little books and then the
golden books are so fun to always have
so I got a lot of those little ones how
fun is that going to be to like rock him
and read to him precious and this item
deserves its own little shoutout you
guys know that Jackson is being named
after partially of my dad because my dad
is Chad Clark and so Jackson Clark his
name is going to be named after my dad
and this was on that little tray
of goodies and it is a baseball with my
dad's signature and they had it like
boxed up and stuff how cute is that I
don't know if anybody else will
appreciate this as much as I do
but it was like so cute my dad growing
up I went to his baseball games for his
work my dad played like baseball with me
it's just like that is my dad my dad
loved that and what's even better is
Jared was the same way Jared loves
baseball and I like baseball if I were
to have a certain sport that I love and
be baseball so Jackson has his grandpa
that loves baseball his dad that loves
baseball I love it and I just think that
is so precious like this is like my
favorite theme so thank you Dad for
signing this and we are going to
treasure it forever he also got this
cute little bib and then this cute
little um bathroom caddy with a little
towel and lotion and some suds to put in
and then a fun little basket with some
baby lotion and wash and a little
swaddle blanket and look how cute this
is somebody made this it's a fitted
sheet for the crib how cute you know
babies have blowouts a lot I hear so it
wouldn't hurt to have more fitted sheets
and then just a cute little soft blanket
that was made for him and then a bath
towel one of my sisters made this for me
to put up on my wall here in the nursery
and the colors are perfect and I told
you guys I thought it would be fun to do
like a picture collage I want pictures
of like me and Jared his babies and then
once Jackson comes we'll put some
pictures of him in it so this will be a
cute little centerpiece I think to go
with those pictures Jared's mom got him
an outfit and then a little stuffed
animal and you know I'm big into
giraffes with this baby so I have my
nice five-foot giraffe next to the
crib whoo and then but I also wanted to
find a little stuffed animal giraffe
just to like give him a stuffed animal
draft every one of them that I've looked
at I haven't loved and I thought this
was really perfect like she she did such
a good job thanks mom it's just soft and
little and cute so I like that little
stuffed giraffe and then this is another
item that was on that huge plate and my
mom got it because my sister loves us
for her little boy but I'm not gonna
like how creepy is his head his head
moves like do you want to play crazy but
I love it and I'm sure little Jackson
will love it putting it next to him
listening to the music
what would a shower be without diapers I
got a nice big box of diapers and wipes
and some really cool diaper disposable
bags I've heard a lot of people really
like these it'll be great for when we're
grandma's house and we can't run out to
the garbage can so we'll tie it up and
her house will get stinky my sister's
went in on this and I just love it it is
it's kind of like a little bouncer but
better for when they're babies I guess
and it's it's really high up so I can
put it right against my bed and have him
in that for a little bit when I show
Jared everything that I got he's like
can we set that up right when we at home
he was really excited so we'll set this
up and put a little stuffed giraffe in
it and last but not least is the clothes
I got several items that I really love
and I'm so excited to put him in all
these clothes and see his cute little
body grow and that is my baby shower I
hope you guys enjoyed watching and I had
such a wonderful time it's made it that
much more exciting and now I really
can't wait for him to come he has so
much stuff and only about eight more
weeks left
I'm here in our arms so thank you guys
for watching I hope you have a wonderful
day and we'll see you next time bye
