hi everyone I am excited to give you
guys an update with how I've been
feeling I am 31 weeks this week and I
feel like in just a week's time I have
had a lot of changes and I feel like
also when I hit my 30 week mark all of a
sudden my body was get ready for baby
mode
I feel like everything is changing and
moving and stretching and so my body is
definitely telling me that it is making
room for the baby to get bigger and for
the baby to come so I'm going to start
by reading you guys what my phone my app
tells me every week for an update on my
body and the changes that my body makes
and this week for 31 weeks it says that
your uterus is now about four and a half
inches above your belly button and space
has become very limited this will likely
increase your aches and midnight leg
pains and when I read that I thought it
was kind of funny like why would my legs
be a key with my stomach growing and I
just assumed maybe like blood
circulation but it was funny because
after I read that a couple of days later
I woke up in the middle of the night
with a really sharp pain all the way
down my leg as if I had like been
running and I pulled a muscle and so I
had to get out of bed and stretch it out
and even now it still hurts so I thought
that was kind of interesting it kind of
forewarned me what was going to happen
and so I have had a lot of leg pains the
past week and also my hips I have
noticed that my hips have been moving or
stretching or something because I've
noticed my hips have a lot more pain and
there as well and I feel like I haven't
complained much this pregnancy I
informed Jared all the time with how I'm
feeling but I feel like I don't like
complain about it and hips and our
household is a little not sensitive but
I feel like it's a sensitive subject
Jared had reconstructive hip surgery the
year we were married and and so I feel
funny telling him my hips hurt because
Jared's hips hurt all the time and
that's why he had surgeries because he
was in a wheelchair and like he couldn't
walk like his
hips hurt him so bad that it got to that
point and so I feel funny telling Jared
my hips hurt when his hurt
constantly but Jared's are really good
sport about it and he's always telling
me Ellie it doesn't matter like I feel
for you my hips hurt and I feel bad that
your hips hurt but um
Jared and I are going to do that how in
that video and so maybe we'll go into
more detail about that about his hips
when we do the how we met video but so
my legs my hips hurt and also I've
noticed my ribs it like is changing and
I'm pretty sure it's a combination of
everything but with my stomach growing
and with me being a little bit more
top-heavy I feel like my I just there's
a lot of weight on my hips or on yeah on
my hips too but there's a lot of weight
on my ribs and my ribs have just been a
key like in the day it's fine but when I
go to bed I feel like they like need to
be rested on something rather than just
like when I lay in bed that you know
there's like a curvature my ribs still
have like you know the space and I feel
like it needs something needs to hold my
ribs up because they really are so tired
so lately I've been sleeping with an
extra pillow around my ribs and I feel
like that has helped with the aches of
my ribs expanding or whatever my ribs
are doing in there so there's been a lot
of physical changes this week and it's
exciting on one hand because it's really
like oK we've got nine weeks your body
is preparing and then on the other hand
it's like I've got nine weeks this is
crazy slow down so that's kind of been
bittersweet I also have noticed I'm
starting the process of retaining water
or swelling or what-have-you
so um I don't feel like I'm like swollen
but I
filled a lot fuller like even in my
hands like when I'm doing hair and like
it's just like my hands like they're
just full and like my arms are full and
my face I like have to do a lot of
contouring because my face is really
full so I definitely started the
water-retaining this week and I also do
not have any stretch marks as of yet on
my stomach and I still got a lot of
weeks to go with stretching so I'm sure
they will make their appearance but as
of now I just have a lot of blue veins
down my stomach like on the sides of my
stomach and I'll give you a little belly
shot and show you I don't know if the
camera will pick up on it but I'll give
you a shot and see if you can see that
you all know if you guys have been
following me during this process I have
felt really well the whole pregnancy and
if I have thrown up it has definitely
been self-inflicted it has always been
my fault if I would have done something
it would have avoided me throwing up and
the other night was the same story
it was after Halloween and we have a lot
of candy and I ate a ton of it and Jared
came home from work and we watched a
movie and had popcorn and pop and like
the rest of the candy and I felt so sick
and I fell asleep on the couch and Jared
went to wake me up and it was like 12:30
in the morning and normally I would have
just gone into bed but with me paying so
much money for all my cavities I'm like
I'm going to brush my teeth I'm not
getting cavities any more and so I
brushed my teeth and something about
brushing my teeth always triggers me
throwing up if I throw up and it
triggered it and I threw up so much I
filled the sink it was discussed it was
disgusting I had I even had broken like
capillaries around my eyes it was
horrible so that was kind of
money but my fault but I've been a lot
better in the past couple days hopefully
I can snap out of the whole candy phase
so I'm eating a little bit better now
that I threw up all crazy-like
and so that is my funny story of the
week like I said and we asked you guys
if you wanted to see the how we met
video before our anniversary and a lot
of you wanted to see it so we are gonna
do that coming up and then on Saturday
my mom is having a little baby shower at
her house so I'll definitely try and get
some footage there and you guys are
gonna see a lot of us so let me go ahead
and show you my belly and then then I'll
say goodbye and that will be it and I'm
sorry that Jared's not in this video I
know a lot of you guys get so sad when
you can't see him he kind of makes the
video a party unfortunately it's not a
party today he's not here so I'll go
ahead and show you guys my belly now
I kind of like them already so thank you
guys for watching I hope you guys have a
very fun and safe Halloween and I'll
just
you
