can you believe that this is the last
ultrasound that we are gonna have don't
believe that crazy
we are on our way to our very last
ultrasound but I said that last time and
they decided to do one more ultrasound
for me because today they want to check
on his little kidneys so this I believe
is the last ultrasound we're gonna have
and I got thinking today how cool is it
that we saw him as a little egg and now
he is like a full baby so pretty cool
you're almost full term here like you
know it's a countdown like you said it
yeah 10 weeks left yeah I'm sorry
30 weeks tomorrow on Halloween I'm 30
weeks I go back through on our videos
and when we are at the fertility clinic
and when we were supposed to do the
insemination they there was a really
good egg and then there was like a
little like and they're like yep that's
your that's the egg you know if you were
to get pregnant nuts
yay again it's just weird because that
was him and now he's I don't know I
think it's just special I have seen him
literally from day one day one so we're
excited hope his kidneys look good other
than that he's really healthy and do you
think that he's going to dress up for
Halloween for the ultrasound the baby
yeah do you think he'll be wearing some
sort of sweet the ultrasound may be like
oh he's dressed up like Superman that's
my favorite son right there
of course he's dressed up as Superman
cuz Superman's awesome yeah or some oh
no he's gonna dress as he's gonna be
wearing his birthday suit oh yeah no
it'll mix yeah course he would our kid
would dress up he would wear his
birthday suit no inappropriate
come on get it together geez my that's
my boy
stop taking after your mother naked okay
we just got here we're gonna go get this
ultrasound taken care of how's your
bladder doing they make you have a full
bladder and it seriously is the worst
thing of my life hopefully Ellie doesn't
pee her pants and we'll see if we can
get some good photo dinner yeah and I
don't know why whoo I don't know why
Jared looks so handsome today okay never
mind you don't look Ansem well that
little stinker didn't give us much to
look at the Kia was right down in there
his head they didn't get any really good
pictures today because he was in
position so that's okay he's healthy his
kidney on his left side resolved itself
so as kidney looks good his right one is
okay they want to check it though once
he's born just to double-check and make
sure everything looks good but I'm kind
of bummed that so far so good we did
yeah everything's good we did the 3d
ultrasound and we didn't really get
anything good so I'm that's what I'm
bummed about I'm like yeah that was what
I was looking forward to this
appointment yeah me too your stinker
little boy you know that you're a little
stinker you crossed your Lake so we
didn't get to see his feet his head was
down and he wouldn't move his hands in
front of the stands were flailing
everywhere peptides are falling off we
he's a little steep but that's okay
we're just so glad that he's healthy and
guys can you believe it is the countdown
we are counting down now
weeks left I would have got the
countdown right today about what do you
think about like you've been pregnant
for 30 weeks there's only ten weeks left
like that the past three weeks have gone
by so fast
yeah last ten weeks I was going to be
blink of an eye the ultrasound doctor
didn't give us a DVD so there's not
really any footage of the actual
appointment so I'm sorry guys but it
wasn't that good anyway
like I wasn't even able to see his
little toes or his fingers because I
think they were mainly just checking the
kidneys so visually you're not missing
much yeah yeah oh well whatever whatever
but guess what ten weeks you guys could
see his whole little body and I but I
did see his lips and he oh my gosh his
lips are jarred I saw his lips I was
like jarred like that cute little let
that's kind of a little frowny thing
he's talking about know do your regular
lips just look at me
just regular just regular you know cuz
they could kinda
what you're talking about
but lips know
he has Jared slips oh there you go
I feel so sick and I don't just cuz I
was lying on my back and he was pushing
so hard on my pelvic but oh my gosh I
was like you're not gonna move it it
it's there he was pushing so I feel kind
of girl so we should go find something
dead
chow down on ya eat some grub okay guys
I think we're done
I'm officially 30 weeks we have ten
weeks left and our anniversary is coming
up and so I was wondering is there like
would you guys want us to do like a like
a how we met video or I know there's
tons of tags on YouTube like like a
hundred question tags and I wonder
question tag tag me haha I just wonder I
don't know because our anniversary is
coming up and it might be something fun
for us to do so I don't know what you
guys want us to do that if if there's
something that you would like to see
before anniversary and comment below and
maybe we'll be able to whip something
fun up if you guys have any questions
for us along with the tag video ask us
in the Cata the comments below and we'll
do our best to answer those ones - yeah
should be shown the clip of Cody
so should we do that I think we should
so sorry my arm is so tired you guys are
heavy they all hold you up so in in one
of our previous videos where you met
Ellie's family there was a little boy
Cody our nephew he he's just the cutest
little boy ever but him and his sister
Olivia they will watch our videos but
what they think is that we're like video
chatting with them as although
like why are you talking to us Jerry the
Le like what's going on hey let's listen
what I'm doing today
and but we never respond because they're
actually just watching a video so we
asked le sister to film them watching
the video and we got this video clip
that we want to put in right now who's
that hi Jared
hey Cody one two three why not it's just
a video we laughed so hard when we
thought we were laughing so hard so we
thought we would just throw it in there
for you guys to maybe get a couple
laughs out of it as well so we think
it's hilarious yeah I was really funny
so thank you guys for watching
I hope you have a wonderful day and of
course we'll see you guys next time I
see you later bye
