hey everyone we are here I have my
artist and he is going to be painting my
belly we are gonna call this an attempt
because I am in no way shape or form a
good artist but this is gonna be going
on this is going to be so much fun yeah
so we asked you guys what we should
paint on my little baby bump and we got
a ton of recommendations from pumpkins
to other Halloween designs and we
decided to do the painting of a baby
skeleton so we're going to do just a
little skeleton on my little belly we'll
see how it turns out this could be a
fail or a success
cross your fingers because I know I'm
going to need your help to do this yeah
okay let's get started
ready
baby
Hey
by travelpod member
round three and we're going to do
something different if this doesn't work
in Riga
mmm
okay I think that's as good as it's
gonna get
I am sorry I'm a terrible I have a
terrible artist the third time is the
charm and the paint is safe but the when
it dries it flakes and I'm itchy so
let's take a couple pictures all right
let's get a little closer shot up there
- that was a ski man cry now ski you
haven't found your paperwork yet I think
it looks pretty good I think it looks
okay
what do you think kind of just happy to
be done fine hahaha we started this a
couple of hours ago we've washed my
belly and now I'm done the different
colors between here and here is just
because it's dry and wet let us know
what you think in the comments be nice
I'm terrible at this game okay even
though we failed it was still fun
attempt it was a fun attempt we did our
best okay see you guys in the next video
Oh
