if you drop it I'm gonna be so mad some
tile be honest sometimes I do but I'm
gonna be quick and try and get it
Jared always gets the bugs if we have a
bug in our apartment you guys here and I
always get so mad when he doesn't get it
so you're gonna drop it are you ready
here we go
I get female he's gonna drop it did you
drop it it's okay you you have you can
get it got it okay hallelujah
that happens every time
we're gonna be late we forget it's
getting cold so we have to scrape our
car off no matter what these are for
crap don't Oh shh shh
I was checking the thing I was like I
was like I wonder if I can to give you
an exam today and I pulled it and it
came like all the way well I wasn't
about how could they make me like pee on
a stick every time and I could hear
Jerry next run going oh shoot oh well
grab what I do what are you but I have
gained seven pounds since my last visit
Wow
so I am 117 so that what was perfect how
was my thyroid looking join you to
adjust that at all no I'm gonna fetch
right in the middle
good let's continue where anyone yep
okay lemon up baby's moving well oh yeah
- well sir half the time ah yes sir it's
not at first yet I'm just just fine
where's his head okay
he's kind of bounced down there like a
basketball uh-huh okay so that is his
feet down here
yeah cause he didn't like to be bothered
did it that was funny
lots of kicking with chicken get after
him like in this bitch yeah no that's it
don't worry if it wasn't kicking yeah
okay I'll tell you make sure move well
but I know you are okay thank you all
see you and just and four weeks forward
one more forward visit okay every tree
Hey it was so funny when you were show
me where his head was um he was trying
to listen to the heartbeat yeah he kept
kicking and so it would move his thing
so you have to refine that and then he
would kick again so he didn't really get
to hear the heartbeat much but at least
he was kicked in so he didn't like him
questioning on the enemy I know it is
funny honey but now I know last night
when you were filling my belly I was
like oh my gosh like that hurt so bad
he was kicking but it was so loved it it
was and that's definitely his feet now
yeah so now I know that's his feet and
where's his head his heads right here
okay
good morning everyone did you miss me
I'm gonna see you guys
oh that's sweet hey we were watching the
Apple Keynote just now and something
came at the door and I want to show you
guys what it is oh my gosh what is it
it's for the baby
mm-hmm ouch let's go grab a pocketknife
okay do you see how long responses it's
big Abha I'm not too tall but it's as
big as I am I know you see how big this
is box is so big it's so big well I want
to see I want look at what's in it
it came really fast I just ordered it
like two days ago
oh well look at that George the giraffe
actually should we call him George which
we call him what he yeah what what do
you guys think we should call him we got
to name him oh my god this space is kind
of mutilated a little operation read
your don't touch him he'll break out oh
yeah
we don't want acne we don't want any
giraffe knee it's actually a lot more
sturdy than I thought it would be no
it's really yeah oh sit on it Ellie you
have to sit on it it looks good I'm glad
we got it missile hmm we got to figure
out where we want to put the giraffe
originally I wanted it over here yeah
but we've got this dresser here now my
sister saw it would look cute right
there right here right here yeah kind of
a giraffe is gonna peer into the baby's
crib yeah baby little baby hello maybe I
think it would be cute right that's
pretty good right there my thing is
about opening the closet I know so you
can easily get in the closet like that
or I can move those bins over try it
over there real quick tell me to move it
is it too heavy it's not heavy it's a
freaking giraffe Ellie dress way like a
million pounds no I kind of like it in
that corner
I think that looks pretty good
I don't hear the neighbors getting out
the window we could are open we could
scoot this the the crib and the
nightstand down a little bit that would
give us more room - yeah should we do
that we'll just stick him over there now
okay I think we finally decided that the
giraffe is gonna go there for now unless
you guys think it looks better in that
corner but I think by the time we get
the curtains in here I think I think I
like the draft right there better I
think it looks proportionate about the
curtains I thought I was going to post a
picture on Instagram and ask you guys
what currents I should get and I thought
that would like solidify my what I
should get and it made me so much more
confused thank you guys for all of your
comments there's like 94 comments and
it's a pretty good tie I would say
between the blue curtains and the beige
currents this is the picture that I
posted and so now the giraffe is in the
room and now that I can see it I kind of
think that I'm not going to do the
orange curtains I think we'll do either
blue or the beige and let me explain
what I want the room to feel like and
then maybe you guys can comment below
and tell me what you think would look
best in the room because with the baby
bedding I'm just gonna do blue like I'm
just gonna do a blue sheet so and the
sheet will probably look like this
blanket so I'm just gonna do a blue
sheet and I want the room to feel to
feel very soft and kind of mature
because we have all this dark furniture
in here and it feels really rich and so
I want the room to continue with that
feel and I'm going to put some pictures
up above the crib and then maybe do like
a picture collage over here and but as
far as the curtains go I originally
thought I wanted beige curtains because
I thought that it would just look really
pretty in here and soft but Jarrod
really likes the blue car
ends but I'm wondering if I do the
blooper ends if it's just if I'm going
to get sick of it because the bedding
will have a blue sheet you guys have
suggestions let me know I have got two
favors for you how high do my curtains
go how high should they go and what
color do you think would look good in
here
I maybe not think an orange anymore I'm
thinking the blue or the beige what's
Jared doing what are you doing huh I got
you so good I show them what you're
doing I didn't even I was just hanging
out and I thought he went outside I was
like did take the trash out he was
hiding in the stupid box reenact it
motion I can have nightmares of giraffes
and cherry coming out of boxes what's
the plan now Stan we're gonna go
someplace I'm going to surprise you and
we're gonna go somewhere and then then
you're gonna go to work but we're going
to go some way we're gonna go eat lunch
cuz I'm freaking starving I love going
to look a lot alike
I'm starving and we're going to go
someplace that this is surprise we have
a question that we want to ask you guys
the question is all these videos that
you guys are watching do you like to
have
shorter videos but more frequently
throughout the week like one or two
videos a week or maybe even three videos
a week or do you like longer videos that
cover more time once like once a week or
so what do you guys like better do you
like to watch the longer videos that
cover more time or the shorter videos
that come more frequently let us know in
the comments below like what kind of
videos do you guys like to see sorry
we're asking you a million questions
like the currents in the lane that we
really do appreciate your input and we
like the input and so we want a whole
CREP I took the wrong accident ah that
means we're not going to eat where he
wanted no we were oh is that the exit
you wanted it I was gonna take the back
run but this is this is the same thing
it's the same thing we do appreciate the
input and we like it because we want to
make these videos enjoyable for you guys
and for us Jared and I in our college
years Oh like last year and we we lived
in this cute little town and I always
wanted to come to this boutique every
time we passed out I was like oh that
looks like a cute store and I never came
and so Jared just pulled up I would have
never known it was
I think that that you pointed it out
every single time we go by mm-hmm do you
answer your Christmas idea hmm
okay have you ever lost your keys ever
known the frustrating feeling of you can
never find where they are introducing
this dammit doll where are my keys
dammit know what the damning doll can be
yours for the low price oh nine ninety
five nine ninety five never lose your
keys again dammit this is one of the
creepiest looking things I've ever seen
I was expected to just like turn its
head and look at me well that was really
fun with a fun day Thank You Jared for
taking me there
so welcome I'm glad you have fun it's
some fun doing stuff like that and don't
hit the old man in the street ten points
no I guess next time we see you guys we
are doing our 3d ultrasound next week we
are so excited for my thirty week
appointment and I'm trying to think if
there's anything else we're gonna paint
the belly yeah I get we're gonna paint
my belly so we'll you'll see that one
and then you'll see our 3d ultrasound
so how fun yep again let us know in the
comments if you liked the video thumbs
up if you liked the video and if you
guys are new to the videos go ahead and
into subscribe button upstairs and I
will see you guys the next video yeah
upstairs you literally have to climb up
the stairs there's a physical set of
stairs on a YouTube page that you have
to climb thank you guys see you next
time bye
