it's a beautiful day to take my glucose
test I'm on my way home I have to put it
in the fridge because I fish you're
supposed to fast for a couple hours
before you take it so here in a couple
hours I'm going to be taking my test and
Jarrod's not here to see my reaction so
you guys will see my reaction I heard
it's kind of grass so oh well we'll just
buck up and drink it
I am back again I am now 27 weeks the
last time I give you guys a little
update I was 25 weeks and so I've been
trying to do it every other week like I
said I'm excited to jump in and share
with you a couple of things that I love
this video is going to be a little oh
look what I did I just took my nail
polish off ah so today instead of giving
you like an update on how I am feeling
because I feel the same as I did at week
25 like I don't have any different
symptoms or I don't feel any different
so this week I'm just going to share
with you guys some things I have loved
during this pregnancy as far as belly
skin hair products and my favorite books
and my favorite pregnancy app so let's
jump in let's get started I'm going to
start with my belly I know there are a
lot of creams out there for pregnant
bellies and a lot of people say oh this
will prevent stretch marks and so I
didn't get a pregnancy cream thinking
that it was going to prevent me from
getting stretch marks I personally think
if you're going to get stretch marks
you're going to get stretch marks but I
wanted to get some sort of cream for my
belly one for moisture I think that with
your stretching belly you need to have
not a moisture on the belly and with it
stretching I think that would help and
my belly was very itchy at the beginning
of my pregnancy and so I thought having
some sort of cream would help the
itchiness go away and it has so the
product that I got from my belly is from
lush and um I really liked it it's just
in a little tin and this is called the
therapy bar and it has cocoa and shea
butter in it and it's all organic so
instead of like a lotion it's more like
a massage bar that like the longer you
hold it it will like already it's like
melting into my hand and so every
morning I just take this bar and rub it
along my belly and then rub that shea
butter into
my belly and I didn't know this but when
I was picking this product out the lady
that sold it to me said that this is for
anybody to use but they specifically
made it for pregnant women if you see
those little dots and then there's one
woo and there's one that's like sticking
out they made it to show that one in
every four pregnancies you have an outie
belly button so I thought that was kind
of cute so that is for my belly I really
liked it I've used it faithfully from 10
weeks up until now and there have been a
couple days that I have missed and I've
noticed those days that I don't use it
my belly starts to itch a lot and I used
to scratch my belly at the beginning
because it was itchy and I know that's
not good for a stretching sensitive skin
to scratch it I would think that it
would do some damage so I'm glad that I
got that let's move on to my skin I've
noticed that throughout the pregnancy my
skin is just it's just not the same like
it's really dry but yet some areas are
really oily and so a lady that I got a
microdermabrasion from suggested that I
get a couple products and I have been
using on and they have done wonders for
my skin
first of all I've been using
microdermabrasion crystals and like I
don't know if you can see that but
they're just very it looks like sugar I
bet you could use sugar just kidding
that pear break you up um it looks
like sugar it's just very finely milled
and it's I got these products or from
skin obsession calm but when I use my
face wash twice a week I'll just
sprinkle a little bit of these into my
face wash and it just exfoliates it a
lot better because my face wash isn't
exfolia it's just uh like a lotion a
face wash so I've used that and I've
noticed that that's helped break off all
the dead skin that has been building up
and then she also suggested that I get
emu oil and so that's what that looks
like
don't know you can see it but the emu
oil and I just put on after I wash my
face like is a Syrah and I put it on my
face and then I put my lotion on top of
it and I've noticed a big difference
with this too so I feel like my face
finally maybe has that glow I don't know
to it because I have kept good products
on my skin the past couple weeks so I've
been really loving those products my
hair it's a love and hate relationship
right now I want my hair to be pretty
and long but I want to be healthy and a
lot of you know that I work in a salon
so I have some of the best products just
at my fingertips
and my hair still is really dry and just
kind of limp and so I've been trying to
use different products I've been trying
to figure out what to do but in all
honesty you can't prevent it I mean
pregnancy he needs all my nutrients and
so I know that that's why my skin and
hair have shown the biggest differences
throughout the pregnancy is because he's
been sucking up all my nutrients so my
hair is drying my skin's dry and so I
finally figured out a couple things that
have made a huge difference with my hair
for this pregnancy and even if you
aren't pregnant this would do wonders
for you but it sounds like a lot of
steps so bear with me
but what I've been doing with my hair is
when it's dry I take a bunch of coconut
oil and soak it on the ends that way
when I get in the shower there is some
sort of like protective this on the ends
of my hair so when I get in the shower
that coconut oil is on the ends of my
hair so I rinse my hair and it rinses a
lot of that coconut oil out but it still
has a little bit on there and then I
take just a little bit more of that
coconut oil when my hair is wet and I
put it on the ends and then I shampoo my
roots and that that way when the shampoo
rinses throughout my hair it has that
coconut oil to use like as a
protect it so the shampoo isn't like
shampooing my end so that coconut oil is
kind of like a film that's what I've
liked doing as far as shampooing and
conditioning and then after I shampoo my
hair out I'll just conditioned it like
normal with my conditioner I really hope
that made sense it kind of just seems
like I threw up at you I threw out those
words so hope the second hair product
that I have really been liking is it's
called unique one and you can't take me
away from my argan oil that's what I
always use in my hair but all the girls
at my salon have insisted that I try
this so I just got a little sample of it
and this is what it looks like I hope
you can see it this is just like a
leave-in conditioner it like has like
all these different things in it helps
prevent Splenda helps add body it helps
control frizz and adds heat protectant
so those are the two like hair things
that I've switched up that I've noticed
a huge difference with my hair and I
feel like it's gotten really long for
this pregnancy like I feel like it's
definitely grown a couple inches so I'm
pretty happy with that so I'm going to
keep doing that for after the baby comes
and hopefully keep my hair in really
good shape I'm going to show you a
couple books that I've been liking or a
couple books that I haven't been liking
let's start with baby wise um this is a
book that all my sisters recommended to
me and what I love about this book is I
as an adult need a schedule and my wife
goes smoothly and so I believe same with
babies babies need a schedule for their
lives to go smoothly and so that's the
number one thing I like about this book
baby wise is that it really is just
about getting your baby on a schedule I
like the book but I'm going to take it
with a grain of salt also in the book it
talks about like rocking your baby like
it's okay to rock your baby but the book
says not to
 your baby to sleep because it
because your baby needs to be able to
like sleep on his own and that's not
something that I'm gonna follow I am
going to rock my baby to sleep and I I
still want to be rocked to sleep why
would my baby want to be rocked to sleep
I don't know I'm gonna rock my baby to
sleep and I've I mentioned that to some
people and they're like oh you're gonna
be miserable when your baby hits you
know two years old and he still wants to
be brought to sleep I'm like well that's
what you get when you enter motherhood
you rock your babies and maybe he
doesn't want to be rock maybe my baby
will be the one that doesn't like to be
held and rocked but I'm gonna do what I
want I do like the book and I'm gonna
finish reading it and I'm going to take
bits and pieces of the book and apply it
to how I raise my baby the next book
that I want to talk about is what to
expect while you're expecting I barely
touched it the reason why I haven't
really read the book is because I
already read it every day through my
apps on my phone
I've already know the information
because of the internet like especially
my app my app tells me what's in the
book the book explains a little bit more
in detail but if I really wanted to know
those things I could just google it and
it would bring it up so I haven't really
read thee what to expect while you're
expecting I don't think it's that
wonderful of a book just because I have
the app so let me show you the app that
I like it's called pregnancy and then at
the beginning of the app this is what it
looks like and I like it because you can
go in and like everyday it'll give you
like something everyday to read like
today it says should I wear a seat belt
wants a no-brainer that's been my
favorite app so far I just wanted to
like share with you what some of my
favorite products were if you guys have
any questions feel free to ask down
below but that is me I am 27 weeks the
last time I did a video somebody said
make sure to show your belly so this is
my belly at 27 weeks it's just he's
a small look how small he is so he's in
there but he it's really small still oh
I'm nervous I'm sweating I'm gonna have
to get a new shirt I'm sweaty drawer
does it smell bad it smells good it's
orange so I like it I like it it tastes
just like it like a orange drink people
go crazy about this people hate these
drinks like they think it's the worst
thing in the world I really like it I
would give you some but you're not here
I wanted to also add into this little
clip of what somebody said to me and it
just meant a lot so and for the life of
me I cannot find the comment somebody
commented or they left me a personal
message and I have tried to go back
through and find who you are and I don't
know who sent this information to me so
you're out there you know who I'm
talking about
but I wanted to tell you guys the
meaning of the name Jackson because
we're naming our little boy Jackson I
instantly had tears it was so special
and I'm not usually one to look up the
meanings of names I just liked the name
and so that's what we were going to name
them but now that I know that meaning it
just means so much more to me now in
English the meaning of the name Jackson
is son of Jack oh that's not funny
oh just getting in America the meaning
of the name Jackson is God has been
gracious and has shown favor like that
is the meaning of Jackson that's the
meaning of of this little Jackson like
God really has been gracious to us and
God has shown favor for us like you guys
have followed along on our little
journey and how true is that statement
that is so true and so when I read that
I
instantly started crying and I just
thought that was very sweet of whoever
you were that said not to me because I
don't know I wasn't thinking I wasn't
thinking to look up the actual meaning
of it but now that I know the meaning it
just solidifies it that much more that
that's his name because God has been
very gracious and he has shown favor so
thank you for whoever sent that thank
you guys for watching I hope you have a
wonderful weekend I will see you guys
maybe in a couple days I don't know I'll
see you guys next time thanks bye
