what are we doing here we are painting
grumpy cat
I had fun once it was awful we're
painting pumpkins at my work and I
wanted to do something really easy this
year and the face wasn't as easy as I
thought it was so Jarrett's helping me
out are you doing a good job thank you
for helping me I think it's looking
pretty good yeah he's just helping me
it's that outlines of I painted well he
drew it and okay he pretty much is doing
it for me oh it's a cold morning
we've got frost under windows Julie I'm
gonna go get my tooth fixed and Jared is
gonna go get his arms shot yep oh we
can't I can't see anything
so as Ellie was saying I am going to get
my shots done I've got to get my flu
shot and everything she is going to get
her teeth cleaned and fixed she's got
that one cavity that she's doing so
hopefully this won't be too painful to
be my flu shot I'm not usually one to
get flu shots or anything I never really
get sick I have the immune system of a
mongoose you don't hear many mongooses
getting sick do ya do ya you don't we
figure it'd probably be good for the
baby to get these shots done that's
something that the doctor recommended so
I'm gonna go get the shots done and go
pick up Ellie we should be all set for
the day at least said that the shots
were pretty painful so I think
I'm wearing the most appropriate sure
possible today that's cool no it wasn't
too bad got my flu shot all taken care
of guys now I'm gonna go pick up Ellie
from her dentist appointment hopefully
she is doing well I know for a fact she
does not like the dentist very much with
the shots that they have to do for like
the anesthesia and everything the the
little shots they do because she's
getting a cavity taken care of today so
hopefully they'll let me go back and
film what's going on Yesi time okay
you're pretty no Marissa did I hurt when
they got your duplicate of the shot yeah
you're tough you're true for though yeah
I wore my nice Superman shirt today
for the shot and I'm wearing it for you
to just think I need it just think
you're Superman care you ready for this
what in the world do you have going on
right here there's a TV right there
you're gonna watch TV aren't you I said
when I was a little kid they didn't have
anything like that at the dentist's
office we had to just sit there and grin
and bear it well open our mouths
embarrassed that's so cold though they
have a little TV right there and then if
you like there's a little DVD player
awesome you should watch something
thrown a little ESPN or something the
one thing they did have though they had
I could listen to music they had little
headphones that I can put in and listen
to the radio and everything so that was
good yeah I wonder how our kids good
she's pretty discreet all the time my my
favorite thing about the dentist though
was the laughing gas that they put over
because I love this the smell of like
the remember I never got many of that I
think about that one
my I don't think they ever got it I
always liked it maybe my parents didn't
like that because it always would add
more to it but I love it because that
always relaxed me and I'd be like like
Walter White when for junior because I'm
just like I'm just like
so tell me how's your day going so far
what do you tell me about your life
haven't made the bed yet that's apparent
okay Jared's off to work I just finished
the dentist
if lip injections are ever anything like
then the big shots the dentist give you
I never want to get them and I'm trying
to drink my drink and I need to get
ready
Jared's off to work so we're trying to
hurry we're trying to eat we should make
our bed some busy day ahead of us
well I can now smile and I'm all put
together no more numbing this anywhere
um jared is just finishing helping me
with my little pumpkin look how cute he
is
or actually look how ugly he is kind of
grumpy yes that's a grumpy cat and I've
got my soup all made my choco soup on me
is for my little work meeting so how
does that I've got to put the little
ears on thank you you're welcome I think
it looks pretty good we just need to
think of some funny captions to go along
with it oh I guess he's not all finished
so we couldn't do it because no one's
he's off the edge but I was a pumpkin
once it was terrible yeah he looks like
a good hmm
excited yeah cue hey let's go all right
good evening hello so Ellie just
finished with her pumpkin decorating
extravaganza and we've got some pretty
cool pictures of show you don't think I
am so sorry I should have thought to
bring you guys to my work thing that
would have been fun it would have been
fun to see all the different pumpkins
we'll take some pictures for you so you
can see yeah but I want to show you this
one here I
it's pretty funny
we just wanted to show you the pumpkin
before we took off so yeah I think it
turned out what pretty well what do you
think I it was a hit or miss I think
either people are gonna look at it and
laugh and really liked it or people are
gonna look at it and not understand
I think everyone nowadays kind of knows
what the meme is and so I think people
will like it the girls at work laugh
pretty hard so they liked it
mm-hmm tell us what you think in the
comments did Ellie make a good pumpkin
yay or nay thumbs up if she did a great
job yeah that's it for today if you guys
haven't already subscribed go ahead and
hit the subscribe button in the corner
there and we will see you guys next time
see ya
