guess what it is October and I am so
excited this means there is only three
more months and then that we will be
holding our baby and there's dust on you
there's dust
I am so pumped I'm so excited
this whole whole pregnancy has gone so
fast and I cannot believe that all the
holidays and all the fun snuggling hot
chocolate nights are ahead of us and I'm
just pumped my poor dancing daisies are
not dancing very lively anymore I'm sad
but look how pretty those are
some of you may have saw on Instagram
the other day that I posted those I had
such a bad day and Jared came home from
work with those and some chocolate in
his hand and it made my day
it made my week and I probably didn't
make my whole month I was so excited to
see it it just was very thoughtful and
very cute a lot of you know that I work
in the salon and I have to renew my
license every other year I was trying to
renew my license and I couldn't navigate
through the website I couldn't figure
out what I was supposed to do so I
called the customer service I got
talking to a lady and the moment I
started talking to her she was so
annoyed that she had to help me or she
must have had a bad day because the
moment I was talking to her she was
yelling at me well you click the blue
button you click it did you click it so
after a while I said excuse me
I said I'm not gonna sit here and let
you yell at me will you start and she
didn't even like take into consideration
that I said anything and she kept
yelling and she goes now you're on this
site and then you click this you click
it did you see it and I was like in
tears and then I thought upset I was
like you should not be yelling at me and
it was horrible she hung up on me and I
called back wah wah wah wah I felt
horrible I called and I was very nice
and polite and I asked her a couple
times to stop
but she must have had a bad day so in
turn it made me have a bad day so I got
off the phone did the ugly cry really
bad then I hit my knee on my bed set and
I did the ugly cry and then we found out
I'm on a different insurance and our
baby's going to be on under Jarrod's
insurance and I found out that I'm not
going to be able to deliver him where I
originally wanted to it's like a really
good hospital with the NICU and I'm not
gonna be able to deliver him there so
that again made me do the ugly cry so I
had a really rough day so sorry to keep
you in this long story but that's the
story of my pretty dancing daisies two
of them are not dancing
Jared still has not called me he said
sit on the couch why does he see me he
sees me through our little camera we
have the camera in our house oh that's
funny
Jared um one night at work this like
this video camera what is that called
security camera whatever you want to
call it Jared wanted at work and we were
gonna use it for a baby monitor to keep
in the baby room because you can see
through your phone if that makes sense
like it's a monitor so maybe when the
baby comes we'll put it in there but
I've actually quite liked out in the
living room but it's kind of creepy cuz
when Jared's at work and I'm home he's
like I see you sitting on the couch
eating your licorice and your underwear
oh so okay I'll let you guys go I'm
sorry I just am bored and I wanted to
talk to somebody
so Jared says hi oh okay goodbye I'm so
antsy I cannot wait for Jared to get
home I've been missing him oh my gosh oh
my gosh I think I just felt him having
hiccups for the first time oh my gosh I
can feel it
but I don't know if you guys will be
able to
see it morning I'm showing you my bare
belly so if you don't want to see it
look away if you can see Miley Cyrus you
can see my bare belly oh my gosh
and can you totally see my belly's more
like rounded right here you're not gonna
be able to see it I guess you wouldn't
see it cuz he's like he's not kicking it
oh my gosh that is amazing
they're the smallest little like a water
just like my baby boy he's so cute I
made it home from work hi guys
tonight we are going to do something
really fun at least I think it's gonna
be fun we are going to see what our baby
looks like using very scientific
technology that the Internet has come up
with we are going to see what our baby
will look like when we combine our faces
together
that's a beautiful business that's the
thumbnail right there give you a gremlin
so what we need to do Ellie ah can I
tell you something
licorice is the worst kind of whip
possible it no don't stop stop it it
hurts it hurts so bad
Ellie will whip me with licorice and a
freaking hurt staff I'm not eating all
four I see that red mark there on the
don't come on you do have a really red I
told you can you see that's really red
okay so what we're gonna do is we are
going to upload the pictures that we
just took and see what using our very
scientific method what our baby is gonna
look like
so my here we go let's go let's do this
morph baby okay here we go I think you
should be morph a boy ready
it looks so weird
ah I mean cute I thought it was gonna be
really horrible like it was some like I
thought it's gonna be really like funny
like ugly funny but actually he's kind
of cute yeah okay website number two
here we go please hold on while we make
your baby it shouldn't take more than
nine months freaking heck oh okay that
is okay here we go I'm kind of nervous
as I'm gonna be hilarious then these are
fake there just gave me like they're
just giving us a stinking picture of the
next baby jogger I feel more fit but
that's not even real okay we gotta do
this even more fit it was just a picture
well that wasn't as funny as we thought
it was gonna be so sorry if we led you
to believe that this is gonna be really
funny
even with really crazy pictures it
wasn't that funny but yeah yeah we both
made really funny faces like make your
funny face yeah we both made funny faces
and it wasn't funny at all
I think the first picture turned out to
be the best I the first picture turned
out to be the most realistic and yeah
but but then they just gave us some
other person's baby like what the heck
this could be yeah whose baby's back
like what the heck
whose baby is that that one's not ours
that ah he has dark hair and his skin is
all up well sorry that wasn't that funny
but at least I think the first one was
actually kind of cute but that is it
that is
a little part of our night I am so
exhausted should we hit the hay as they
may say it was nice to see you if you
guys have any fun suggestions for us let
us know in the comments below and if
this is your first time here with us
hello and welcome and we'll see you guys
next time good bye bye come on
say good night Kevin good night Kevin
