so today I am officially 25 weeks along
yay congratulations you did it and I
hate and I feel so good I'm so glad that
I'm 25 weeks on that seems like I've
come a long way
fifteen weeks to go I'm feeling really
good I'll give you guys a little update
later but we are on our way to Jared's
work I am dropping him off and I'm going
to have the car they just opened up in
H&M and they have a maternity section
there so I'm hoping to be able to find
some pants that fit and there's not very
many stores around here that have like
maternity sections they have like a
motherhood and target has a maternity
section but other than that there's not
very many places and I've tried the
pants on on all those places and they
don't fit very well so I'm hoping H&M
might have some pants so today I'm
wearing these bad boys Jared thinks
they're kind of loud in a good way I
like anyway just wanted to say hey J
looking okay man um we watched this
thing this morning and it was really
funny I'm sure you guys have seen it cuz
it has how many views on it 56 million
56 million views and what does a fox say
I can take a jacket like a ticket sit
down or I can take the ticket ticket
ticket sit down what does the Fox say if
you don't know what video we're talking
about maybe we'll link it below we were
laughing pretty hard so a lot of you
guys have been asking me to do weekly
pregnancy update videos and to tell you
the truth I think the reason why I
haven't is because I don't really know
what to say I feel like I don't have a
lot of changes going on and so I haven't
really had much to talk about but and a
lot of you have been asking and I would
like to tell you guys how I've been
feeling and I would also like to have it
recorded on how I've been feeling so I
can look back and see compare
pregnancies and just to remember how I
have felt during my pregnancy I am 25
weeks along and it is Thursday the 26th
of September so by the time you guys see
this I might be like 25 weeks and four
days or something but I'm 25 weeks along
and I actually feel like I have had a
lot of changes the past week so I'm
really excited to share with you and I
have on my little phone here some points
so that I don't forget to mention
anything so the first thing I've noticed
is since being pregnant the only
physical changes I have noticed is just
my belly my belly has gotten fuller and
but this week I have noticed a lot more
veins um like on my feet I've noticed a
lot of purple and blue veins on my legs
I've noticed a nice blue vein and on my
stomach I have a lot of deep blue veins
on my belly so that's what I've noticed
this week I've also noticed that at the
beginning of my pregnancy I actually had
a lot of energy and up until just the
past week I don't have much energy and
not that I need to like take a nap but
energy as in like I do the dishes and I
need to sit down and I make my bed and I
need to sit down I physically need to
rest more in between things that I do
I'm just getting a lot more tired and my
feet are getting a lot more tired I
think especially because I work on my
feet throughout the week I get my legs
just get really tired so I need to
remember to sit down a little bit more
and with me needing to sit down a lot
more I get out of breath a lot I was I
called my mom the other day and she's
like are you walking to work because I
just work like across the street and
she's like because you're out of breath
like I was completely out of breath and
even right now I feel I feel like I need
to slow down because um I get out of
breath very easily and I feel like I'm
very nasally like the past couple videos
and even in person
I feel very nasally like I feel like
maybe the weight gain or something I
don't know but I've been very nasally I
feel like I've officially gained around
12 pounds this pregnancy and
be happier I just I want my baby and
belly and face and whatever else needs
to get big can get big and I don't care
so I've noticed that my feet have gotten
a little full I've noticed that my face
is a little more full in the cheeks and
that's okay I'm excited so that's what
I've noticed as far as foods go I don't
feel like I've had any specific craving
I'm I'm really trying to think as people
ask me all the time
I crave hamburgers but I craved
hamburgers before I was pregnant um I
like french fries I liked French fries
before I was pregnant so I don't really
have a craving if anything I would say
no I would never be one to just go get a
glass of milk I it wasn't
I just don't drink lots of fluids I
should but I don't and I've noticed that
I drink a lot of milk I probably have
like three cups of milk a day I have a
lot of no we go through a lot of that so
did I say milk a hundred times just now
so okay so I go through a lot of milk
let's move on and OH
another thing that I've noticed this
week is at the beginning of the
pregnancy I would wake up a lot and go
to the bathroom in the middle of the
night and I would have to eat well that
went away at like 12 to 15 weeks and
just this past week it has come back and
like last night I woke up and I went to
the bathroom which is normal that's fine
but I was starving I was so hungry so I
had to get a bowl of cereal um some
night I just eat a couple cookies
whatever I can grab I eat a banana
usually it's not that healthy but I
don't care if it's not healthy or not as
long as my belly feels better I have
noticed that little Jackson has been
moving a lot more this week and instead
of me putting my hand on my belly to
fill and kicking I have to use both of
my hands because now my whole belly is
moving it's his feet and his hands in
his body and a lot of times
and I will go to bed with his arm across
my stomach and will fall asleep with
Jared being able to fill him moving and
kicking and it's really fun the other
night when I woke up to eat it for Jared
woke up too and when I went and laid
back down to bed
he just was kicking up a storm so me and
Jared stayed awake and Jared was filling
and move and it was really special so I
think as far as like updates and as far
as I'm feeling that's about it not a ton
of changes Jared and I are really
enjoying this pregnancy I just I'm
trying to soak up everything I want I
want to soak up how I'm feeling and I
want to soak up the bad times and I want
to soak up the good times I just I want
to remember everything I'm just excited
to be pregnant I have enjoyed pregnancy
so much I I love it and it kind of makes
me sad knowing that he's gonna be here
in 3 months because then I won't fill
him in my stomach anymore I don't know
why that's sad but it is it'll be even
better when he's here because then I can
actually see him move and it'll be fun
but I'm gonna be sad not feeling him
inside me and it's crazy how fast time
goes by he's going to be here in 3
months and we have our anniversary
and Halloween and Christmas and
Thanksgiving and my mom's birthday my
dad's birthday and just we have a ton of
activities the next couple months and I
just I it's gonna go by fast it already
is going by fast and so I'm trying to
sit down and enjoy and so far I've been
loving pregnancy and I feel very blessed
and I'm also trying to enjoy my time
with Jared and this morning we laid in
bed and we were talking about how much
we enjoy being together and how much
better is it going to be when we have a
little mini-me version of us to enjoy
our time with him I can't imagine how
much fun we are going to have when our
baby gets here because we already have
so much fun
oh I'm just I'm trying to soak it all in
and enjoy everything I've been loving
pregnancy I feel very blessed jared has
been loving it I I think he's been
loving it
he's been loving it and thank you guys
so much for your sweet comments I love
hearing your guys's stories of you guys
trying to conceive or your guys's
pregnancies I just I love to hear from
you guys as well and you know I wish I
wish I could throw a handful of baby
dust to everybody I wish we could all
just get what we want and have that
little bundle of joy in our lives I know
there are so many people out there that
just have been trying for years and
years and you know a lot of you guys
have been telling me lately that you
guys are doing your first inseminations
or you guys are starting your clomid and
you know I do read your comments and I
am impressed with how positive you guys
are like it's so special knowing how
hard it is to get a baby here it's
special seeing other people having hard
times but being positive too at the same
time you guys have been really good Jer
it's given Jared and I an extra boost
thank you guys for your sweet comments I
really appreciate it I blog every other
week as far as my pregnancy goes and
just because I don't feel like there's a
ton of changes week to week so on my
blog every other week I update on how my
pregnancy goes as far as vlogs go I'm
going to try and do the same I'm going
to try and do every other week and like
I said I haven't up until this point
really because I haven't noticed a lot
of changes on my blog I do updates but
for now on I'll try and be better at
doing updates as far as vlogging goes so
I don't even know what you guys want to
see this is just my own little update if
there's something like specific that you
want to hear about how I'm doing you can
ask but if not this is
you'll get so thank you guys so much for
watching thank you thank you you guys
have been so cute to me I love reading
all the happy comments and I'm loving
pregnancy and I'm loving life and I just
I just want to soak it all in and just
enjoy every second of it so thank you
again and like always I will see you
next time
Oh
