pregnancy brain again I kept trying to
turn the camera on
and I was like Jared why is the camera
not turning on and it's because the
battery was not in the camera got to
think about these things today is a new
day and thank goodness it's a new day
because poor Jared never gets any sleep
because I don't get any sleep so usually
I keep them up but today's a new day and
we are excited and I'm a little nervous
I have a dentist appointment and then I
have my doctor appointment right after
and I'm always excited for my doctor
appointments and because I feel like
everything is going really well but my
dentist appointment on the other hand
I'm really nervous
look at these deep I'm really nervous
that I'm gonna have like a bunch of
cavities ah I faithfully go to the
dentist and just out a doubt usually
every time I go I have like one two
three cavities and like I am so good at
flossing and brushing and then there's
Jared he like hasn't been to the dentist
and forever and he has like no cavities
I don't think he's ever had a cavity
oh no let's ask Jared have you ever had
a cavity I think I got a couple a couple
I lied he's had a couple but I don't
know my like growing up like I'm really
grateful because now that I'm older I
realized that people didn't you know
we're able to go to the dentist as much
but growing up I always went to the
dentist every six months and I've been
the youngest of my family and so all my
siblings were always good because I was
always getting work done and I would be
crying and screaming and I remember my
siblings always being like it's okay
like it's okay like we'll go get an ice
cream cone after which maybe we
shouldn't have gotten an ice cream cone
maybe that's why have so many cavities
but so I'm excited for my dentist
appointment a little nervous at the same
time extra excited for my doctor
appointment and I am going to leave you
is in the hands of Jared while I'm gone
so you all behave let's go pick up Ellie
good morning good morning it's a
beautiful day today guys I'm going to
the doctor appointment to pick up Ellie
we're gonna go see how our little baby's
doing I read I just can't get over how
gorgeous it is today beautiful sky and
trees in here in just a second we'll see
what makes Utah Utah those beautiful
mountains and as you can probably see
here look how gorgeous those mountains
are I'm gonna I'm gonna try and jaywalk
here hopefully don't get any cars let's
go
I've got a funny story actually about
that the one and only time I got
detention in high school was for
jaywalking my buddies and I were just
about late for school so we thought we'd
cut across the street instead of going
at the crosswalk and some guy at school
caught us and gave us detention for it
so it was kind of lame but whatevs it is
good but it's kind of that I have one
okay that's right here heck and I have
one cavity huh it's 300 bucks that's
okay that's toys fine Peter coffee
yeah that's toys right Hey okay that's
okay maybe they'll send it to me yeah
hey we've got a better appointment
coming up though and it's paid for yeah
yeah I did have an ultrasound since I
saw you last
yes now did he talk to you a little bit
about the kidney yes he said that you
will talk to you more about it and he
said it's nothing to worry about
that's the only thing really solace is
that normal to see it's very common what
happens is the collecting system of the
kidney can be dilating a little bit and
we usually repeat an ultrasound around
30 weeks to make sure it's gone if it's
not then the baby just gets watch close
by the pediatrician after every once in
awhile it's a there's a block each of
the collecting system if it's untreated
for a year for the baby they can get a
really bad infection they have a surgery
where they could just yeah I won't worry
that's not going to call now 24 weeks
yeah maybe never weighs a pound a
quarter next time I see you
a two and a half this is the start of
the growth spurt
well Jared I'm hungry you hungry too I
have a deal that's only ten o'clock but
Jared's off to work I'm home with no car
well that was interesting
just one little cavity I'm actually
really like I'm a little disappointed
that I have a cavity because it's always
just money when you have cavities but
I'm glad that I just have one and we
will get it fixed and life goes on and
I'm glad that my little doctor
appointment went well we are gonna go
eat some delectable delights oh really
yeah um we're trying out a new place
today it's a barbecue place it's I
called poor boys barbecue continues
dream
yeah it's supposed to be really good
people have raved about it so we're
driving a little ways to go try this new
barbecue
it and I'll see how it goes Jared loves
anything barbecue long knees and
barbecue chicken but I'm hungry I just
got overworked and I'm hungry I'm hungry
alrighty Ally we made it we're here the
Sun is so bright we're at poor boys and
look at this I've got some stuff
grilling outside I'm not sure if they're
actually cooking anything or they're
like yeah it kind of seems like it
smells good though let's go inside
I'm not done where'd you get I got some
barbecue chicken with some poor boy
barbecue sauce see it looks good look
here little this little guy is I think
you might need to know
oh it's Jamie I've noticed since the
baby has gotten bigger and now that he's
getting stronger and I can feel more
like distinct kicking um the past couple
days I've noticed like when he kicks
it's really a kick or when he stretches
or when he rolls like and I explained to
Jared how I feel has anyone ever
experienced this or am I just crazy um
but I feel like when he moves I feel
like it's like me going on a
rollercoaster like when you go down the
roller-coaster and you're your stomach
kind of light goes off and you it's like
that feeling of your stomach kind of
like dropping yeah dropping and and so
that's kind of how I felt the past
couple days like before Jared got home
from work I was on the computer and my
arm was kind of on my belly and I could
feel him moving and I was just like oh
like because he just it like takes over
my whole stomach gets crazy so it's kind
of it's been a lot of fun lately to fill
him and to actually see him I tried to
record it the other day but
stinker and stop moving but one of these
days we'll get them on camera of him
moving and you can see his little foot
kicking or something so I have a
question should we tell them the name of
the baby or it would be fun I guess you
guys are probably wanting to know we
asked it like several videos ago
well well should we do it yeah are you
sure yeah I mean do you guys want to
know the name well I guess I want
excited just say the name I want to like
explain why I like the name and like why
it means so much to me say my name say
my name you know what I mean round you
said you ain't playing games say my name
say my name you actin kinda shady and
calling me baby
but seriously um yeah I think we should
the whole process of us choosing names
has not been difficult the names that
you guys gave us I loved like there were
so many good names that I'm going to
take into consideration maybe even for
the future a lot of you guys guessed it
right um and they're the Jared and I
agree on plenty of names so coming up
with names was not difficult but the
reason why we are choosing this specific
name is because I feel like deep down
like that that is his name before we
even started trying when we first got
married Jared had just lightly mentioned
this name and I remember just really
thinking in like it just felt right and
then we would like call him now before
we even were trying before we were
pregnant before we knew we had
infertility issues we called our baby
the same and it just stuck like I
mentioned in a previous video we've had
this name for so long and it's just been
stuck and nothing has ever taken the
place of it at least yet yeah and I know
some people
oh well you never know until you see him
or you know it could change that could
be the case maybe we'll see him it'll
change but I have seen him I saw very
good ultrasound oven and I feel like the
name fits him and kind of on a spiritual
level that like this is his name I've
been praying for this little boy or you
know a little girl but I've been praying
for him and I've used his name to pray
he is this name and I love it and we
will name him this little name so do you
want to tell them what we are going to
name him okay the name in which he shall
be named at least right now yeah we are
going to call our baby Jaxen Clark
Meachem yep Jaxon Clark and we will
spell it J ack s o n it will be his name
that you never know though maybe the day
is born it could change but plus the
name just sounds really yeah it sounds
really good so that is his little name
that's what we've been calling him from
before he even was thought of was
thought of so I love my little Jackson I
say his name all the time and feel free
to say his name where you can still calm
little baby if you'd like
maybe Jack Jack maybe Jackson oppai call
Jackson I'm not a huge fan of nicknames
but me I'll call Jack I'm sure and Clark
is a family name Clark is my dad's
middle name and you know there's
something about your dad that you just
love we love Jared's dad - we tried to
put his name in there it didn't quite so
is what about my guess you know you
don't like my dry runs if you're
watching this video watch it she likes
you I promise she tells me every once in
a while
no it just sounds really good together I
think Jackson Clark like I will call him
but like the full name I'll be like come
here Jackson Clark like I'll call him
Jackson Clark I think it sounds really
cute and I think it fits him Ellie's
reasoning for Clark as family reasons my
reasoning for Clark is because Clark
Kent is Superman Oh Superman is my
favorite no you know what I really want
to name my baby what I really want to
name him I want to name my baby Bruce
Wayne I want to name my baby Bruce Wayne
I'm gonna
I love that movie when we watch that
movie I left I was like yeah like that's
a good movie like in the theater Jared's
like no wait calm down but he's not
Bruce Wayne he's my little Jackson Clark
and that is what he shall be called that
is what we will call him from henceforth
he shall be known as Jackson chrome yep
Ghirardelli and Jackson we'll see you in
the next video goodbye
you
