ah to be in the onion ring for Johnny
Rockets
we just got some sweet baby clothes
didn't we
yep it was very fun Jared's mom we have
like that
gotcha credit to go get some baby
clothes so went and use that and we'll
show you what we do so I think we should
walk in here real quick and then just
take a quick way so good we're the first
ones that do that how much does it
charge the smell well I'll take wasn't
that refreshing yes that was really good
okay where are we going now don't put it
out with your boots Ted all righty we
just got home and Ellie wants to show
you guys what we got today yeah thank
you to our mom Jared's mom gave us this
credit to Carter's so we got a couple
outfits so thank you mom for a juniper s
so we'll show you what we actually got
him um and I'll save the best for last
because it's Jeremiah's favorite so
Jared pick this little guy out he'll be
three months old when he wears it and it
is so soft do you like it I like it a
lot I think it's pretty cool colors yeah
so I like that one very much I said the
rest is just for church um my sister her
little boy always looks so good because
his shirts are like stay tucked in and
she has a hard time finding the white
church little onesies that snap they
said that they only carry it a couple
times a year so I should have picked up
more but I snapped
this bad boy you can just wear it with
some luck Church pay off his little
pantalones or we'll find something but
how cute is that has a little noose on
it
that's awesome look at that zoom in
there my dad's a big Moose fan if you
don't already know yeah he you'll have
to put the link of the video remember
him his little news pellets mm-hmm who
knows what these are
moose pellets exactly correct okay he
was okay he went that way it was a bull
he was six and a half feet high at the
shoulder
he weighed 1800 pounds I think you need
to do the Shepherd's taste test to see
if there was any family with him and
this is our favorite outfit for church
we found this one so there's this mm-hmm
how cute is that checkered little for
church and his little corduroy pants to
go with it
but wait there's more this is my face
this little corduroy hat so like this is
his little outfit how fun is that and I
have the dress I should go get it I have
a dress looks just like this you'll see
it sure okay what I have like this dress
that like matches outfit how funny is
that mom and son looking cute together
so when I dress my little boy up I'll
have to wear that dress I think that one
yeah that'll be a cute little peanut
thank you so much mom for giving us some
stuff to go get baby clothes we really
had fun
can't wait to dress them up for church
and do have a wonderful day but not to
eat and that is just a little little
thing I hope you guys enjoyed saying
that if you guys have any suggestions or
comments or anything like that feel free
to leave them in the comment section
below we'd love to hear your opinion
about what you guys think we should do
next
be sure to subscribe if you haven't
already and we'll see you guys in the
next video
