hi everyone how are you doing oh how I'm
doing you ass I have been an emotional
wreck
I am so sad you want to see why I'm so
sad can you see all that in the trash
can that is two batches of peach pie
dough that I was going to make homemade
fresh peach pie from when Jer got off
work and as you can see it's in the
trash now I don't know what I did wrong
this time I'm pretty good at making pies
but the dough was just not rolling out
very good for me so I chucked it I'm
going to pull the pregnancy card on this
one I bawled my eyes out while I was
throwing the dough away because I was so
excited to have a nice dessert and
dinner for when Jared got home from work
but I guess no pie I'll wipe my tears up
and we'll just have a good dinner I
officially am now 23 weeks along and I
have been feeling our little baby boy
move like crazy I know that when you're
pregnant your skin changes like some
people get more acne and some people
their acne clears up I have noticed I've
gotten like oily skin like through my
life t-zone has anyone else had that
like I have dry skin we live in Utah
it's dry as can be and I've never had
orly skin until like the past two weeks
it's like going crazy let's go get Jared
from work and I will try to forget about
my peach pie dough
yum yum in my tum tum something smells
really really really really good what
are you making Ellie oh just a little
little stir fry yeah mmm got some bell
peppers going got the smelly smelly
onion some broccoli some chopping
broccoli and what's this in here
a sauce I I have some like little pieces
of like steak but like like a beef and
broccoli
we'll see Oh got some rice gone
everything looks good it smells good
and I'll bet it's gonna taste good how's
that belly of yours going really good
let's see it Kelly you kind of look like
a referee today or the Hamburglar for
like some sort of Modern Art
there's my little 23 week belly rub him
for good luck
so tell me how you're feeling feeling
good I think if anything I'm feeling
more tired other than that I felt pretty
good she does wake up a lot in the
middle of the night
whether that be because she has to go to
the bathroom or because it's raining
outside really hard or because she's
hungry or because I wake her up somehow
I don't know what happens but I guess I
wake her up or something like that I am
pregnant and I'm going to take every
advantage I can with what comes with
pregnancy you have every excuse yeah
that's good then well I'm excited to eat
this dinner I mean - I'm really sad that
my pie I'm really sad honestly like
Jared's like let's go buy a pie I'm like
it's not the same now he told me that
she had a pie tonight that shears Meghan
and just didn't work out Ella's pies
actually are really good it's kind of
sad because they taste so good but I'm
excited for what's going on here we
might go see a movie tonight we'll see
what's going on
Toshi squeeze
it's not one when she is away ain't no
single out she's gone this house just
ain't no home anytime she goes away Oh
already here's the finished product I
think it looks really good
looks good Ellie I'm thank you so much
for cooking dinner thanks for getting
things ready walls at work you're
welcome I hope it is yummy it's gonna be
yummy
now give me am I gonna kiss for my honey
oh I don't know what I want so we are at
Sonic the Hedgehog I mean just Sonic the
place where you get drinks and
everything now we're just trying to get
a milkshake or something like that
but I don't know what I want but we
don't know what to get what do you guys
get what is your favorite beverage
favorite shake soda soda pop milkshake
brings all you boys do the other yeah
what brings your boys to the yard
oh this week I think I'm pretty sure
it's your sciatic nerve totally was like
pinched or something cuz when I was I
was at work for several hours doing
colors back to back and the whole time
like my leg just throbbed and like kind
of like in your butt cheek like and it's
just it still is like there's something
pinched back there and it hurts
maybe I pinched it too hard no that's
bothered me probably that and headaches
are probably been the worst so far but
just so just keep you updated if
anyone's ever had that issue and can
solve it let me know what did you get I
got the oreo cheesecake milkshake sweet
yes I got a mini peanut butter cookie
okay
peanutbutter cookie is it delicious
Ellie does it taste good it's good it's
good
no try it
I'm glad that I got it's like a cuz it's
really like peanut butter
it's like Reese's Pieces in milkshake
form mm-hmm
yeah how is that about my peach pot I'm
not a huge peanut butter fan I'll be on
really
let's see your belly at least time Ellie
let's see your belly belly belly belly
belly let's see your belly Ellie okay
okay look at that
23 weeks there you go
boom crack here hmm but he's in there
he's definitely in there look at that
you're just about as big as I'm work
okay I want to talk to our little boy
hey little boy let's have a good night
together of youse hey what goodbye
goodbye
you
