what the hey what are you doing in here
good morning hey guys we're going to see
a doctor today we're gonna go see our
little baby is something getting the
fridge there wasn't anything good in the
fridge nothing good I'll have to go out
to eat darn it shoot yeah we're on our
way we gotta go probably right now we
gotta go see ya little baby I gotta go
show you mama yeah I'm sitting so let me
show you but this is the last time that
we're gonna see him before he comes in
four months can you believe that I
finally broke down this week I got some
maternity pants but look at these bad
boys whoa pants I go all the way okay
let's go okay so we just did your head
last time we were on our way to the
doctor's office you totally threw up yep
are we gonna do that again yeah anyone
know why why because I do not guzzle a
bunch of water I just
slowly been drinking Gatorade all
morning you didn't do the Gowan
challenge before you miss Malaysia
though that would have been hilarious no
not the gallon challenge oh no throw it
this time when Jared and I wake up
usually we ask you know how did you
sleep and lately it's not been good for
either of us but last night Jared
reminded me of how our night went so
what happened was Ellie had put her leg
on my stomach and I'm like oh my gosh
and I really have to pee so I pushed her
leg off I'm like I have no idea where I
am slowly getting up out of bed and I
don't know if I'm making a lot of noise
or what but Ellie goes if you don't
hurry I'm gonna beat you to the bathroom
I have to go - oh my gosh was I gonna
die like whew
what the heck I don't even know why I
said that like I'm gonna beat you I'm
sure I was assuming like I'm gonna beat
you to the bathroom if you don't hurry
and get up but then we both got up at
the same time we both like ran into each
other at the door so we didn't sleep
that good last night but it was really
funny
Ellie likes to give death threats a
nurse yeah we have some funny stories of
us in the middle of the night like
waking up like when we very very first
got married and we have a ton of stories
well just share this one when we very
very first got married we were at
Jared's parents house for Christmas this
is on how Jared's leg had hit my leg or
something and I Jerrod's needed hit my
leg and I woke up just wide awake with
my leg in the air like screaming dead
leg like Oh
it like it was instantly dead like he
hit it and it just bent instantly was
tingly and so we kind of have some like
funny stories of us doing stuff like
that man a year after we got married I
woke him up by punching his face I got
punched full up punched my friend his
face but he's still kind of looking
straight out there's a little chin right
there looks like it really defined June
oh that great big huge monster son
D'Angela last yeah all right since this
bait is important our county runs the
chance of being a little redneck we're
gonna measure for us that's a man this
is maybe silicon circumference we're
still just plugging a baby into our
numbers here computers gonna keep track
of everything for us it's looking down
now it's been looking at announced
looking down this baby can't decide
to do kinda like mama we've added to
here disorder we can grab on to it we
can get me this little heart being is a
little silver for five beads
baro baro baro it's a ten-yard it
startles onto that viral barrel barrel
barrel barrel barrel mark the baby has a
nice rhythm so it's not skip attitude
about their ego anything with them it's
again this is a picture the debt that's
in the water issues with us and my
daughter that's my son right there
this is job that I want the blow
operation here he's got that one foot
coming straight back at me
again right there that must make sure
that we can show that off does that
there's not the least bit shy we'll come
back and see the gets little better for
us there's his little thumb right there
but it's not going to hit any extra
notes on Melissa mom sorry just the tips
of them right there flipping so I was
like excuse me I got his little finger I
mean it's ring guys Miller got its first
that's awesome he's got all five fingers
yeah just doesn't want to quite open
that hand he's not putting us out this
right I haven't well we just finished up
with our appointment and everything went
nice and smooth the little stinker has
definitely a personality he is still
really low he was a little harder to
cooperate this time that's okay
definitely a boy right Oh someone in the
comments I was like well you never
really know and today again he is a boy
hundred percent and yeah he takes after
steady
well he's a boy and we love him and
everything went really smooth I thought
it was going to be our last ultrasound
until our little guy cons but we
actually get one more around thirty
weeks we get a 3d ultrasound that one is
going to be really fun they just want to
make sure and check his kidneys to make
sure a valve closes thank you guys all
for your sweet comments it has been so
fun to read comments and see all these
sweet things said about us but also I
love the comments of your guys's stories
it has been really even more eye-opening
to read other people's stories and then
trying to have a baby or that they do
have kids and it's I really love the
stories thank you guys for being so kind
to us it's been a real eye-opening
experience hearing all of these
different things from all of these
different people from all around the
world it's so crazy to hear all that
stuff and then plus on our last video we
asked you guys to give us names and we
were just overwhelmed many suggestions
how many names were given to us with
your sweet go through every single time
to get come and so it's it's a lot of
fun to read all the comments that we get
yeah thank you I was blown away that of
how many I love the names you guys have
been so good they have arrived they're
here the chair is here darn candid
camera how's it going good just follow
me this way
hi
hi or okay you can come on back we're
okay I know Ellie is probably freaking
out right now
she is so particular about things being
handled pristine pristine so the chair
what do you guys think I'm super excited
I love it
let me move things yeah that looks good
yeah no that's great
okay mama go sit in it how does it feel
oh so good how'd you just hit on ya
wanna share else get it out a little bit
oh I get good okay my turn with Allah oh
man holy Hannah Montana so do you think
you can rock our baby I can rock it
everyone I could sit in this chair all
day long I like it I like it very much
okay we've had a chair for about an hour
now and I want to go in and show you
something
I think she likes it
I think we did good thank you guys so
much for your sweet comments we love it
thank you for watching I hope you have a
good day and we'll see you next time bye
bye
