I'm gonna do it I'm gonna go down the
slide again oh gotta go okay
next time next time I'll get right
so they weighed me today and up until
this point I have not gained any weight
and today I am officially over a hundred
pounds and I am 107 pounds I've gained
seven I feel great and I'm proud of my
little little boy but you saw this kid
you saw yeah so we know what it is you
don't trash so I don't know you never
tells me that now twenty weeks is it
very interesting because you feel it
move also if there's such a thing as a
good month in pregnant
because it's not that real growth spurt
I'm not really not this is the month
you'll feel with us okay so I felt
really well
No
my second a range boy donut boy valium
you've gone with the boy toys and then
you switch to led to a girl now you're
right the boy is a boy we have a winner
yeah oh God well yes and that's what we
were thinking
okay so good mom okay no bigger feel
better
okay don't move more no blood test okay
when do they do that glucose trap
oh good so I bet when you come next time
I'll give you the prescription I do have
one question
um I am switching dentists to this
clinic so I can have everything on here
and you're okay if we visit your brother
right oh okay
and so they will probably like since I'm
new I do like that trees because I
haven't been in a while is that safe to
do I like to do basically he'll check
you then if you need extra then that's
fine because you put a couple let drapes
on and you'll be fine
but in if you if he can see good nothing
inside me
okay okay sounds good okay okay thank
you
cool not much
all right it's good friend assure and
assurance oh yeah yeah it's good okay
okay thank you very much thanks guys so
what he's he's pretty big now huh come
here let me show you okay I like you I
like the dolls yeah okay that's 12 okay
that's 15 okay pass that honey
yeah holy cow so that's why we do an
ultrasound her 20s yes you can make this
film in this so when he did the gender
check it wasn't much bigger than yeah no
it couldn't
no it's much bigger hey little baby
I hear you guys laughing about me I did
it they are gonna kick us out here so
our doctor appointment was short and
sweet and I like it when it's short
because that means that things are going
smoothly I officially have gained some
weight and woohoo I think that's it I'm
doctor said I should be feeling really
good the next couple weeks and I've
already felt pretty good like you felt
pretty good the past but majority of us
especially this past week I've noticed
that I really do feel myself like I've
told you before when I brushed my teeth
I've like dry heaved a lot and like the
scents are really strong but the past
couple of days I've brushed my teeth and
my tongue great and I haven't vomited or
dry-heave like crazy honestly I think
it's so cool that you are feeling this
good this pregnancy like it's I think
it's a real blessing that you've gone
through all this medicine all these
hardships for the past two three years
and now that you're pregnant it feels
pretty good
definitely I think it's not a
coincidence that I feel good this
pregnancy I think that we're a little
blessed in this area for sure but our
doctor appointment went great we have
our 21 week main ultrasound in just a
week and the guy was a little funny
about us recording last time so I don't
know if we'll be able to record this
next time we'll try and snake the camera
in we'll try but you might do my eye
goes out kick us out here is the same
guys the thing is we have an aim in mind
that we want to name our precious little
baby boy
it's kind of been stuck the entire
pregnancy even before you were pregnant
we've had this name picked out for a
long long time
and it's funny about this name and
before like when we got married I mean
we throw a couple names out there one
day like we were just talking and this
one name like it just stuck with us and
we have been thinking about this name
for years and then now all the sudden
that we're pregnant it is still just
it's the only name that we seem to
really like and the stuff that we don't
agree on names it's just that we really
like this name we both think it's cents
yeah I just fits really well now there's
not to say that that's all my name we're
thinking so what we'd like to do before
we say what the name is going to be or
what we think it is we'd like to get
your opinion what should we name our
baby boy what do you guys think we
should name him
I think Jared's a good strong name uh
Jared what you don't like Jared that's
really I want to get your opinion and we
want to know what you guys think we
should name the boy
so maybe leave a nice boy name in the
comment and we'll see if there's any
that stick out but something that I am
going for I like a solid name I like a
strong name for boys I think boys need
strong names especially our little boy
will need a strong name so are you
trying to imply that I'm not gonna get
this we're strong yeah it's just you are
strong alma mater talking about names
and my sister-in-law just threw this
name out there just for fun and it was
purser and I thought I loved that name
but our short boy with the big teeth has
a lisp and calls himself pusseh like I
want my name is pasa so so that's I'm
like okay I need we need a strong name
Mike you gotta think about these things
I've been pride I love that name
personally I just the family name isn't
it I like it I love that name but I was
just thinking well our boy will be short
like we are sure and we do have big
teeth and heaven forbid he has a lisp so
um let us know in the comments it might
be kinda something we should name our
boy her baby boy he's big he's big he's
a big little boy like the model that the
doctor had me whole just putting him
against my stomach I'm like who's a big
boy in there he's just
okay see you next time
you
