guess what came for me in the mail today
or more like what came on my front porch
today I finally got my baby mattress I
am so tickled I I think it the brand is
safety I know I don't know but I got my
babies mattress today I am so excited
and I'm extra pumped because today is
date night and Jared got off work a
little bit early and I'm gonna spruce up
and I'm gonna get my high heels on and
we're going on a date and I don't know
where he's taking me so we'll see but I
think we're going to make a stop at
Target first and we're gonna go look at
baby bedding because we're getting our
crib next week and we're starting to set
up our little baby room and life could
not be any better life is very sweet
right now for us and I cannot wait for
my date to come and pick me up so this
is the new manager huh yeah
there's only one way does the mattress
oh I don't like this idea you have never
done before I know what you're doing
okay this is how you test enough use a
little baby okay I'll get him up hi
I know mattresses are not like soft for
babies like I know they shouldn't be too
soft I just feel like it's really I
don't know um we need to get like a one
of those covers that you put over a
mattress before you put the bedding on
just cuz you know I mean mm-hmm
I just like this whole I don't know yeah
I think it's definitely better than some
of the alternatives yeah so it came
super early it came like a week early
yeah okay date I'm gonna take you out to
dinner ready and you're gonna come with
us he needs to shave I do need to show
you a little bit
oh well on to dinner one two three
ah all right what do you think looks a
little better
hmm not too bad let's go
don't break it we are at Target we made
it it was so windy outside wasn't it
it's crazy
there's my hair wind blow Oh looks so
voluminous voluptuous uh this is the
crib that we just ordered I'm wondering
if I like it I think it looks pretty
good I wanted something that wasn't very
bulky I just hope that it's sturdier
than this
yeah I think they just put them together
really quick just for display purposes I
mean even if it is a little shaky I mean
the kid will learn if he falls out so
yeah he'll only do it once right mm-hmm
okay so tell me what you're looking for
I'm looking for a mattress sheet I'm
looking for a crib bumper okay and I
think I could have to do it online
because like all their bumpers are like
the mesh hmm we're not looking at pink
we're looking at yeah cuz we're having
the boy I guess this is a fitted sheet
it's a sheet I don't know you have to do
it online this is when I saw my really
freaky oh I thought there was like a
blue and gray and like that I just want
to do a plain blue fitted sheet like
just I want it simple I just want a blue
sheet I wanted a cute little baby bumper
that has maybe like some giraffes or
something on it
so it's not simple you like drafts don't
you I do for this baby I kind of got
this drafting stuck in my head and I
went staring at me
hi everyone
put a new part when you're pregnant
you know what's at what someone tell me
one time well someone told me that after
I met him for like a couple months there
like I didn't like you at first because
you batted your eyelashes a lot it was
probably some boy that she was trying to
flirt that he's a girl I worked with her
it was probably some girl she was trying
to
Hey are you guys back what are you gonna
order usually we share but Jared wants
his own meal for his own child like you
know that's not you want all you can
pasta I always do the same thing and
they only usually needs but IQ I don't
want to do all-you-can-eat pasta because
I want to take a lot of food home
because usually fall off at the salad
breadsticks just try a lot of different
pastas in the back all those up we get
the same thing every time we come she
could scan me I've made it home before
and it really did taste just their
confidence it's so good but I would
rather just pay the money and not have
to make it I will give you a dollar
catch this in your mouth
try $200
well I'll see what I can do
I totally missed you I totally miss $10
I'm sorry at least I went for are we
laying because we ordered the same thing
I think we are lame someone
and mainly my box
I would hate for guaranteed the same
didn't he really have bags tell him I
was thinking doesn't make sense two
things I'm awesome I guess three things
and Jared insists that he's number one
and awesome but back to my two things
one Olive Garden was really good
I also Oh Jared's driving crazy
we are done eating and we are on our way
to our local grocery store and we're
going to pick up a red box
I guess movie number 42 42 we'll see how
I like that and we got to pick up treats
because we teach at our church we teach
the youth and I love to bring treats
because I don't go to church without a
treat in my bag so if I'm going to teach
a lesson I'm going to give my kids
treats or shall I save Jarrett is going
to teach the lesson we team teach and
Jared usually is the one that teaches
and I hand out treats candy them
I guess we're not going to our local
grocery store stinker here pulls over
and is taking me down a dark alley Oh a
toy store hey we're going to the toy
store and we're looking for their huge
giraffe that they have here I'm going to
order one online but Jared was cute and
brought me into the store so we'll see
if they have it good idea
oh my gosh this amazing kinetic sand oh
my gosh okay either way let it flow
just let it fall out here hand low do
you have a large giraffe look how cute
these two sets are goodbye a lot of you
guys have been asking me for a pregnancy
update video and Here I am at 19 weeks
and I just want to share with you a
little bit about how I have been feeling
so I have thrown up a handful of times
and with those times they have all been
my fault I feel like they could have
been avoided it was mostly because I
either didn't eat soon enough or like
the last time I threw up I had just
drinking way too much water before my
appointment and they the doctors have me
on some thyroid medicine and so I have
to take that on an empty stomach in the
mornings and then wait an hour before I
eat but lately I haven't been waiting
the full hour
I've been eating little crackers in
between or else then I start to feel
really sick but for the most part
morning sickness has not come to me I
have felt really well in the mornings
I've had lots of energy I feel like
considering
I'm 19 weeks pregnant another thing that
I have noticed this pregnancy is I
haven't slept very well
from day one I feel like I toss and turn
a lot in the night and I'm not able to
get comfortable and so with that Jared
doesn't get a lot of sleep either so I
haven't gotten much sleep I feel like at
night during this pregnancy but I do try
and take naps throughout the day if I
have time all the way down for about an
hour I have had a lot of headaches
during this pregnancy from day one I
feel like if I were to have one symptom
that I have had this pregnancy it would
be headaches I have them almost all the
time my food appetite I have had an
appetite from day one I haven't lost it
and I have been eating a lot and that is
very good I think for me I have also
noticed that my sent my smells are a lot
stronger
Jared bought me perfume for Mother's Day
and I have loved it for years and I
still wear it but I have to hold my
breath when I spray it because it's just
really strong and like cleaning the
dishes like the Dawn dish soap it's just
very strong like all the smells of
fragrance are extra strong to me but it
hasn't bothered me I still wash the
dishes and wear perfume and still spray
my hair with hairspray but cents are
definitely stronger to me I feel like I
have been very blessed this pregnancy I
consider myself this is a very good
healthy pregnancy I have felt really
good for the most part I am almost
halfway and I really don't have any
complaints I've for the daily basis I
feel really good and I'm excited to
continue the rest of my pregnancy also
for more updates on my pregnancy I
usually update my blog frequently on my
how I have been feeling so if you guys
want to see more updates there I do I do
have a link to my blog
somewhere on my channel so if you want
to see more pregnancy updates you can go
to my blog
