the storms a-brewin we're going camping
clouds return and angry and smile rain
they're so angry I feel bad for these
guys it's raining in thermal scooter we
are finally on our way for our family
vacation and we couldn't be more
thrilled got a bunch of treats and
drinks and I'm excited that it's raining
yeah it's going to be fun one thing
that's so cool about the cabin that
we're going to if it's in the middle of
nowhere so if there's like a
thunderstorm it's usually a raging
thunderstorm or if it's a if it's a
clear night you can see the Milky Way
like nothing else it's so beautiful so
we're going under bridge you got to hold
your breath
as long as the bridge goes okay ready no
you have to make a wish you have to lift
your feet up you have to make a wish at
the same time it's a really long bridge
you got a screen
oh what'd you wish for
did you did you hold your breath make a
wish and hold your bum cheeks your rash
your fingers to wash your legs did you
make a wish
there's all your breath take hold your
butt cheeks I squeeze my you get it like
very big squeeze
we are here we made it on the same day
coming up on this bridge many many many
times across this bridge and we'd come
right down on the side either over here
around the side go fishing catch some
fish hi love cows Oh fine hi oh hi cow
how you doing
number 309 well they don't seem to like
me but I love cows we're lost
we're not lost we're live we're no Leda
we don't know which road which dirt road
to take there's so many dirt roads which
one do we take there's four we picked
one this is Road dirt road number two
this is the wrong one Oh dirt road
number three and I think we got it
there does charm
yes we did it we did it we're out the
gate
let's see how long this takes chaired to
open the gate tick-tock tick-tock
okay how long has it been - taken dopin
the gate he's still cannot open the gate
huh we're gonna be here all night oh you
got it good hey you got a swing on the
gate oh I think technically they're not
supposed to swing on the gate but he
always did as a kid so you have to swing
on the gate right you always did as a
kid absolutely we are finally to our
destination the cabin of dreams one
thing I love about getting together with
family is playing the guitar my all of
my brothers except one of my brothers we
all play guitar and it's a lot of fun to
get together and just kind of jam play
some blues some rock and roll and
nothing much better than playing the
guitar at the cabin our house is locked
it's a flushable toilet hey Jared huh I
think we have some visitors coming up
hello
grandpa dear grandpa grandma mom and dad
and the rest of the family who has not
eaten a single berry I'm not sure he
knows what these are pretty fast mousse
pellets exactly correct why would you
touch my mom just but okay he was okay
he went that way it was a bull he was
six and a half feet high at the shoulder
he weighed 1800 pounds I think you need
to do the Shepherd's taste test to see
if there was any family with him no I
don't think so
so that's the story of that moose okay
you see that mmm that looks so good that
is perfection
oh don't eat the marshmallows I'm not
even full shebang
well it's looking pretty good right
there
holy ginormous Ellie really looks really
good looks good
hi I'm happy but I'm smoking oh man oh
man it's a basketball yeah you're gonna
traumatize her you want too much should
we pick out your lint that's in your
belly
I wish 18 weeks along I felt him kick
goober come look at this neck eyes look
at it
snake okay Eva what are we going to do
thank you for the clothes we're gonna
take a funny face what are we gonna go
see the beaver pond yeah we're gonna go
see the beaver pond what do you think
Ellie excited that's gonna be fun to go
see it I hope it's still there there's
usually a beaver dam there that's what
I'm looking for yeah maybe we'll see
wait tell me what's going on I think I
just felt the baby picnic for the first
time really seriously do I get Villa
yeah just right here I can just
oh just waves really yeah
is he kicking yeah I swear I think he is
that's awesome
the first time today yes that's great I
think I just felt him for the first time
so you just felt the baby move
tell me again what it felt like cup like
this if I can explain that in word a
little better but more than a wave like
I could feel yeah I could feel it him
like was he like could you feel like a
distinct like foot or just like you
could feel something uh no just a little
wiggle it probably would like a little
lame yeah well in the ultrasound his
head was down he's gonna wiggle our so
he who delighted them yeah our babies
move in feeling good out in the
wilderness we decided we're gonna name
him Beaver Dam Jackson we're damned
Jackson now we can say damned Jackson
yeah well then damned yeah damn
Jackson's we felt him move at the Beaver
Dam it has a really nice ring to it I
think it's very sweet and tender I think
you'll like it
yeah okay Jen you got a limbo daily did
this daily daily did oh my gosh
Oh attempt number two oh so close so
close okay carry your turn there's
nothing quite like any camping with some
ice cream yeah
