we're in the car what are we gonna go do
well where are you taking me
I think I'm gonna take you out to
breakfast where it's a place called
Cracker Barrel really good breakfast and
then we're gonna go to your appointment
we're gonna find out what we're having
let's do this for three-and-a-half years
we have taken our little straw wrappers
and folded them up and we've always said
if the knot lands on the right boy at
the lens one on the Left it's a girl
and today is the real deal so what do
you say left right
that lands on there right it's a boy
ready yep
am i right no my turn
I don't care what sigh lands on to them
there's no there's no no oh I don't know
what that means okay Ellie here's what I
want you to do I want you to make that
face
that was doing well those eyes are open
yeah as eyes are open
so um driving to the you okay my p.m.
driving to the ultrasound my le uh got a
little excited and darn it I feel so bad
this is the second time she's thrown up
the entire pregnancy but she shall be
early that was all my own fault
I think her okay let's go they say you
have to have a full bladder so at
breakfast I like down two cups of water
and it was way too much and I just threw
it all up I left my bag on the side of
her Oh sick pick that up I just love my
throw it back on the side of the road
whoo that's gonna be a fun surprise this
sucks
there's throw-up in my hair I can't
taste it
all over my pants I don't have any done
should we go to the gas station I'm
gonna get there early the way I see this
going there's three possibilities one
it's a boil - it's a girl third
possibility our babies just stinking
camera-shy and won't show anything so we
can't tell I am going to be surprised it
if our baby is a boy just because my
family there it's always girls but all
we have is girl so I think that's why
I'm kind of on the boy side of it just
because we have so many girls behind so
you want to put I'm going to be through
it all I know and I'm not a what brings
so excited and I'm really cold can see
just there up in the guy
Jesus throw up on the legs it's kind of
dry now mmm blonde girl I don't have any
gum all I had was a mint butter is so
full I'll take its good look another ok
shut this up a little bit
snowboy towards me oh that's warm you
warm it up for us it's really cold
oh I like it warm I have cool before on
your water sweep oh my gosh oh look at
that
can you see okay yeah baby it's looking
straight up at me the two worse position
against when they're looking straight up
in the straight down oh there's one eye
socket right there there's the other
life socket right there so this is not a
cycle
okay that little nose sticker not this
kid's got a honker for a nose we know
where it came from
right oh my gosh this is the right arms
it's coming out going to the elbow thank
you fingers I'll count fingers next time
very well but yeah yeah first oh my gosh
does they just move around so much at
this age they're hard you can play with
a lot some things that's amazing look at
those biceps as kids gone I mean those
are some sad huh
this kid's gonna be buff mom off kid yes
all check those biceps out ha ha ha
those got mom's biceps all right that's
so true so that's the left arm arms is a
good thing to have yes
baby's little spine they love to curl my
provost rate so never was slimy of pee
and sections a little bit here so
there's the upper lower just phone that
will railroad track down you can see
little ribs coming off the chest right
there so if you count the ribs and we
don't gender right doesn't the girl have
an extra ribbed and the boys there's
kind of our 4 chambers so there's the 1
2 3 4 these are the ancients the bottom
these are the ventricles
heart should be on the left side which
it is should being a 45-degree angle
there's a hole where between ages are
there so that hole should be there so
the legs are kicking up a storm down
here Wow toss her toes so whoa whoa whoa
whoa whoa she hasn't much more than it's
not skipping and I see something there
that is so of your hip oh I'm trying to
get it straight on sir yes sir right to
go yeah honorable toy seek it to me yeah
need a crowbar privacy yeah
she shot a gun in here so if your says
yeah there's a Kip right here yeah I was
like you're right there right between
the lens right here this little
characters got this little round sack
what's good things to cannot bro that's
not what girls have oh oh my gosh oh
there's a lot of things in office in the
ER measure there's a picture that dad
puts in these walls you do again my son
oh my gosh yeah good job Annie
oh my gosh I hope tinker took away 200 a
here says his lovely since got left like
mom oh yes
shows up a lot better when you're
amazing alright next coming back the
other way he's all right foot there's
right foot right there oh my god there's
the left foot right there says that two
legs moment which is the thing yes if
you don't turn to club looking it's a
little pastry yeah he just wants us see
the view up 3 organizations to commence
when they're straight face up in
straight face down so he's kind of hard
to play with when he's down in there
look at him turn I wanna turn it away a
little more for my hair's like sure yeah
how are you don't Bartlett's goodness
oh forget some pictures player and I got
a DVD for awesome how do you feel mom
I'm tickled has all his fingers and toes
and legs and nose and everything looks
good so tinker let's go home and clean
up throw up oh we're having a baby boy
oh boy
I saw it beat way I did for I did I saw
I wouldn't even over anything no not
yeah I was like I saw it though it's a
boy oh hi Mon you are the first person
that gets to know that we're having a
very healthy active boy
it is boy through and through oh happy
for you Pig here we are - oh you are the
first to know
alright guys well we just had our
ultrasound appointment and I am very
pleased to announce that alien I have
you having a beautiful baby boy
Oh My heavens it was so wonderful the
day wouldn't be complete if we didn't
come to the store and get some baby
clothes so Ellie tell us what work okay
I think I think that we will each go our
separate ways
and fine we're done a baby our separate
way just found out we're home and find a
baby outfit and so we'll buy two baby
outfits today and see what we each come
up with so you pick one and I'll pick
one and we'll meet in the middle okay
okay so remember the baby is gonna be
born in January so it's gonna be pretty
cold and so I found two outfits and so
this is what we'll do for him no this
little bum monkey bum I like the zippers
because I've changed my like nephews
clothes and they have those snaps the
buttons and I just like with the
umbilical cord I'd rather have just a
zip up yeah I got that and then we've
got some pant too low knees a little
onesie and a little long t-shirt um I
got this guy doesn't my thing is what
out for me one I think that's the
coolest thank you it's a cute little
onesie on there good job dad handsome
like daddy because that's true right you
guys can agree with me absolutely and
then just this little outfit that goes
with it I know you don't like the
buttons but yeah that's cute I think
it's good because he has a little onesie
underneath yeah I'm new at this
um I think Jared one in the cutest
category of today's buys for the baby
that was cute I think yours is pretty
cute but we got to get a couple little
outfits I mean little boy
I didn't drink the pee for nothing Ellie
how do you feel are you excited
I feel amazed I am so excited ever have
I feel like I could just scream I just
want everyone to know I mean when we
bothered me because I told everyone
around me I'm having a boy I have a baby
boy we're so excited I can't wait this
is so great
we love you baby bud I'm proud of you
son
