hey everyone we are here for our next
update and it's just a quick doctor
appointment just for the heartbeat but
Wednesday we found out the gender
watch your head I read a lot well shucks
tell us what happened I don't think it's
a big deal but I'll talk to the doctor I
see many things I haven't gained anyway
since I started coming here and I'm 16
weeks and I've been eating and I haven't
I've always thrown up like once maybe
twice so what do you think well we'll
have to ask the doctor and see what he
says
you see if there's anything we can do ya
ain't gotta get that belly and bigger
now no I haven't eaten anything that's
okay okay I don't like it there and say
oh my goodness you need to go to
McDonald because I do you just eat well
just as good as you can okay
pretty fast have to guess groan oh
you're switching on this doctor now most
women don't feel it move until about 20
weeks so probably when I see in a month
you'll say I'll say you feeling nervous
I think I'm starting to feel okay that's
what should happen guys this month now
the other thing is the ultrasound yeah
we'd like to do that at 20 weeks so make
an appointment to see me in a month and
an ultrasound in a lung and there we
have different days okay
um with the twenty one week when they do
that what do they do without ultrasound
well versus the gender I let me just let
me get you my mom what do you think so
much better after hearing that our David
my girl oh this is 15 so you're pretty
days without what I am yeah Joey that's
the gender check he sees this and he'll
tell you what it is and he's always
right mm-hmm
this is 20 oh I mean my goodness he can
look in and see the brain yeah embers of
the heart so make sure everything looks
normal
yeah yes see so that's what he does it
the twin oh man he actually likes to see
he thinks and he's probably right
he thinks he can see better 21 weeks oh
yeah
20 weeks hi so that's why that week
makes difference which makes a
difference to him yeah so me and a month
ultrasound five weeks
okay I'll hear about your own Wednesday
you see how thin that twenty weekend
that's huge
I was really nervous there for a second
I just can't I know where's that
heartbeat where's that perfect and it
doesn't seem very long I think if it
were anyone else sitting listening but
if I'm sitting there like hey find it
five seventy yeah yeah we're thinking
like right away yeah I was nervous
everything was nervous we might have a
little girl little girl little princess
well I think what we ought to do tonight
on one of our subscribers recommended
that we do a cabbage test our red
cabbage test I think you should look
into that too my entire that I know just
kicks and giggles okay let's go okay
guys here's what we're going to do we
have three at home gender tests that
we're going to do first test that I was
going to do it's called the red cabbage
gender test now what you need to do is
what tell us only um first of all all
this stuff is for kicks and giggles I
think some of this is really crazy but
it's kind of fun um but we boiled some
red cabbage and we got a fourth a cup of
that juice and then we got a fourth a
cup of my urine and we're going to pour
it into the glass cup and supposedly if
the cabbage juice is really dark or
purple it will be a girl and if it is a
lighter color it may be a boy so it's
just for fun let's uh let's see what
happens
ah oh it's way light it got way lighter
it is wake up light ah ha ha ha so
technically Organa born technically um
during all these videos the YouTube
videos that we watch people really have
really dark purple and this is that's a
pinkish reddish color that's the the boy
yeah if it's dark like the the cabbage
juice I don't know if you can see that
in there that's kind of what the girls
colors have been yeah but that's cool I
mean it's it's fun the real test of the
cabbage red cabbage juice is now the
husband has to drink it what and if his
pee comes out red we really are having a
boy um I don't think that's true you got
a drink it would have to why that's what
you have these these are wives tales and
you are the wife did you read um how to
drink it okay I'll do it
hand me the juice do I really have to do
it are you making me do this
I somebody I thought he was just gonna
pretend and then he was gonna cut the
clip of it every tiny pig on his mouth
you sit down little I did it was really
sir
guess what I guess I guess that's what
true love is
they drink each other's here okay okay
after we calmed down and stopped
laughing and Jared did not swallow the
urine but it sure got into his mouth so
he didn't swallow it so don't judge us
too much you would do it no they would
come on Jarrett Oh what were you on I
don't like this I feel like I'm doing
witchcraft okay so this is the ring test
apparently you hold a ring over your
stomach and keeping it totally still if
it goes side to side it's a boy if it
goes in circles it's a girl and it looks
like oh I'm trying to hold still huh
looks like right boy that one was kind
of weird it did let me do anything did
he get a ring would do this whether it's
over your belly or not it's just a fun
test I know I can't tell I say test
failed oh don't oh myth busted
okay that let's go to the next test so I
have one more test that I didn't tell
Ellie about that
want to do right now this is the key
test now le what I would like you to do
is pick that key up just pick it up okay
so here's how the test works if you pick
up the key by the round end you're gonna
have a boy if you pick up this is true
it's true that's what they say that's
what they say on my this is a wife show
no more that's what they say if you pick
it up by the long end that's what she
said it's a girl it's it's a girl so
that was the key test can I tell you
what I think about this key test sure
whoo and there who would pick up a key
on this end it's easier and it's there's
a reason why this is there you pick it
up it's the key I would not that's like
picking up a spoon on the spoon end and
not the handle well that's the wives
tale look it up links below lay fourth
and final test the baking soda test what
Elly is going to do is pee in a cup
check and Jared will not this time
whoo let's not talk about that taste
again swallow let's not talk about that
anymore well he's gonna do we're up
you're a real man if you drink your
wife's pee
mixed with red cabbage juice anywho was
what Ellie's going to do is she's going
to take the cup that she peed in and
pour it into the baking soda there's a
little bit of baking soda in there I
don't know if you can tell but
supposedly if it fizzes up kind of like
soda it's a boy
if it doesn't do anything it's a girl so
let's find out don't look at my pee
keep going and going slow it doesn't at
all we have watched these videos and it
always well I like do those little
bubbles can but hey mom no I don't think
it is because the other videos the other
videos like that's pretty apparent it
would be like a white fill on your
bubble
so what does that mean it means it's a
girl you're just like it might be mix it
in there a little bit
don't ring toss nah counter says good
yeah this one if I got a girl yes I like
it was lame I think that's perfect I
think it works great I'm just kidding
okay so we're done we do know with us we
have one solid for a boy and one solid
for our girl so another solid for a girl
because the Chinese calendar
oh the Chinese calendar yeah the desert
oh but you have to have a Chinese baby
for it to really know you might know my
first go around with this stuff
hopefully you don't have a change okay
so those are our test results we are
going to find out on Wednesday Wednesday
good 31st so just like two days so can't
wait let's do it
