guess what we get to do today what we're
gonna buy a crib we are at Babies R R Us
I don't know if we're gonna buy a crib
today but um we're gonna go look at them
and shake them out and see how sturdy
they are which one can stand the data
time we're gonna put Jared in it and
hopefully they won't kick us out of the
store
now Ellie are you a convertible crib
are you a standard crib to tell you the
truth I think I'm more of a standard
crib because I don't know anybody that
actually converts the crib I'm sure
there is a ton of people out there that
do but by the time we have our next baby
the next baby will be in the crib and
even if you don't have another baby like
we can or whatever then we'll just buy
at all there but the only situation that
I think like we would ever actually use
the convertible crib is if we only had
one kid and then we just use the
different things as they grew up but I
think it's a cool idea I'm not sure I
think it's a month I know can buy a
toddler that's not a big deal right so
it's like this book anymore I used to
really like to look like the headboard
by
just besides like
let's see if we can find one you don't
want the latter part I like the darker
colors
or this one kind of is like a I'm not a
huge fan of the changing tables either I
don't think it's like a necessity but
it's cute
I'm gonna like it wait wait wait wait
stand back up let me see that belly oh I
don't have a really good belly but look
how high my pants go they cover at my
belly and I'm wearing a little you have
to wear an elastic now so you're
definitely getting a belly once we have
lunch oh it seems pretty good starting
yeah shake it bite the rail I think
it'll hold up
now we're gonna go look at rocking
chairs RC believe le what we have to be
so quiet or the salesman will guess they
always come in annoy us
the mother lode okay I found the rocking
chair that I want and I am going to see
if Jared approves of it Oh
it's leather I like a lot this is sweet
sweet nice I like it a lot thank you
very much except I don't like that it's
$100 or more here at this RC Willey than
it was another store so I'll have to
talk to someone and see if we can price
match it I know it swivels Iran we
swivel rockets
you have to be able to to snuggle up
with the baby I think it'll do I think
we need a bigger one
yes alert oh yeah put them on your
shoulder flying back just snuggle on
really so tell me what you think about
this one Ellie this is the one we'll
probably get you changed our mind
it feels like sleeping marshmallows it
is like heaven and going out and
shopping wouldn't be the same if we
didn't go to our favorite place to eat
Oh Jonah gasps where is our favorite
place to eat oh I can down these
hamburgers huh you ready I am so ready
I'm ready to rock and roll me too
so the rocking-chair that we originally
wanted we found out today that it's not
real leather it's fake leather it's
pleather fake fake and I just thought
that if I'm going to spend a good amount
on fake leather I would rather just
spend just a little bit more and get a
real leather rocking chair though that
will last a lot longer so we found the
one that we really really like and I
think that we're just gonna wait a
little bit longer because we don't need
it right now I think maybe when Labor
Day comes around we'll go back and look
and see if the price changes or just
kind of wait it out a little bit but I
think we found the chair that we want
yeah we really like it was super
comfortable when we sat down in it um
and by the way that chair was a liar it
was a leather liar stupid yeah and I
went to look at a while ago and I
thought it was real leather no one told
me otherwise so oh we were a little
disappointed but we found one that's
even better and it's real and it's
beautiful and your butt sings a heavenly
song definitely song and you feel like
you are sleeping on marshmallows it is
I can't wait to snuggle and fall asleep
with my little baby and my nice cute
little rocking chair
yeah very last thing in
yeah kidding okay okay next here's what
we need you guys to do in one week from
today the day we're filling right now
it's not probably going to be today for
you but it's today for us one week from
today we are going to the doctor to find
out the gender of the baby what we need
you guys to do is leave a comment down
below what do you think we're going to
have a boy or a girl what's it gonna be
I guess yeah go ahead and give your
guests right I am guessing the I going
to have a beautiful baby boy and I'm
guessing we're gonna have a
I think it's a boy I want it to be a boy
and like I've said before if it's a girl
well we just won't love her as much I'm
kidding that's a Joel stop taking a
personal G it doesn't matter no we love
we we are so blessed we do not care like
we would love we're just grateful to
have a baby if it's a boy people are
gonna hate us we don't care we just want
a healthy baby but my guess is a boy
yeah that's our guess how the feeling
that it's a boy yeah we're super excited
no matter what but if it's a boy who
we're excited
so leave a comment is it a boy is it a
girl we'll see who is right have a good
day
