we are here at the doctor's office we
are getting ready for our very first
first ultrasound with our regular doctor
all done with the fertility clinic
Ellie's 12 weeks a long time for the big
boys this is gonna be my first
ultrasound but they're just he'll listen
to the heartbeat some so hoping for some
reassuring news and thinking
everything's looking good how are you
feeling feel good good oh great grant
wonderful fantastic
oh there's work gotta go today warming
up for you they want this baby to move
so it's ready hold on me
oh won't you hear a heartbeat
anywhere miscarry that's how big so it's
just little toes so that's why it's so
unusual to miscarry at this point yeah
so this should be a good month
Oh bigger yeah feel better
mm-hm every month yeah I like that sound
no I guess one question is the nights
are washed I see the baby would be the
20/20 we now if you want our ultrasound
guy does gender checks he's very good
with it it insurances don't cover it's
about fifty dollars so if you would like
a genuine at 16 weeks sorry I between
month so so making time to see me them
on okay and then a gender check just
total gender check him up oh yeah my old
wives tale of heartbeat sound like a boy
you know what we're going with the vibe
- that's what we're hoping but and I
haven't been guessing right like this oh
that's incorrect
hey hey gender check in a month okay
what do you think today it's so good to
hear that harpy so that you think and
then we're only gonna find out the
gender Lola tell her family when they
come up so tell me what's going on I'm
so excited I have not been this excited
since we found out we were pregnant um
we just made our appointment to go see
what the gender is and that's in four
weeks and it's perfect timing because
our family's coming from Washington so
they will be able to know when they see
us the doctor thinks that it sounds like
a boy but I just think a little boy
would be so cute to kiss and snuggle and
get Power Rangers for or ninja turtle or
Ninja Turtles or or spider-man or
Superman or Batman I'm Batman
okay we're gonna go do fun things
together because we heard our baby's
heartbeat again fun things as in cashing
a check no not those kind of fun bunch
no like fun things right driving at the
canyon and seeing the beautiful trees
and the birds and the bees singing all
beautiful keys okay bye
