okay we are here at our last fertility
appointment for ever
hopefully yep we are doing our second
ultrasound today and I'm nine weeks so I
feel great well so life is good let's do
it do it
ultrasound transmission gel high playing
with you Uschi it was all her like a
shop rodent yeah it was all her so
you're gross you're crazy
I knew it I'm feeling really good yeah
that's my job Jerry huh oh I can feel it
well yeah I feel good I know the only
thing which I'm sure it's obviously
normal it's just I can't satisfy the
pity something like but I'm hungry and I
eat and I still ill gross but that's
good like I you know I ain't changing
it's totally okay I mean it's it's like
a little bit all the time is better than
like huge meals yeah I was that day yeah
so like just little snacks throughout
the day is kind of where we're going
makes you feel better I assume this is
okay but and I could eat like a medium
steak like a bloody steak yeah yeah
steaks fine six fine pack so you get
that ready my Peter it like the seafood
that's like that steaks so like tuna and
shark and those time it's like the ones
that are slicing the steaks are usually
not good to eat a lineup because they
will have more mercury in okay they feed
off of all the feeder fish and the seed
have a lot of mercury so you I want to
stay away from those but just like
regular old today's rate because a lot
of them would become anemic in pregnancy
yeah
nice take okay oh yeah well we went
gotten good steak in the van like it's
bloody yeah alright I guess we'll gonna
have to go and get a steak then darkness
they're craving I know because you will
end up wanting like I don't like steak
really that much and when I'm pregnant
I eat steak so much it's actually good
for you yeah if it keeps your blood
counts high and it's a really good way
of getting more iron in your diet so
keep it up if you have mistakes call me
okay so my last I'll just have a few
guys right yeah so I still see something
in there not happy yet you guys believe
a look up there yeah I like Tyler's
answer that we have those screens yeah I
like that
so this whole black area again is just
gestational sac oh that makes me happy
looks good it's a big baby now right so
looks like down to his head
is that okay that's the body up here oh
this is like the shark carrier for the
brains forming how cool I am cool isn't
it yeah okay there's a little arm right
there oh my god it's like a little
another
like little legs down there
hey I'm upside down and sideways it was
mined away that like if you were to
miscarry or people bit like purposely
you know like that's a baby I know it is
like back at the heart and our arms and
legs and even look I now like little
fingers and toes and are forming so it's
measuring exactly where it should about
nine weeks sounds like a song bonds or
something wrong mister it's like two and
a half centimeters so yeah it's a walnut
oh yeah the baby the baby it's got it's
like a woman yeah yeah so what was the
heartbeat at 168 150 thumbs oh yeah last
time I was 140 doesn't just get it or
more it will go up a little high higher
to get a little further along and then
it kind of settles into like one 20s
tu-160s usually it kind of stay at that
for the rest of the pregnancy how was
your really cool that was so actually
you could see little our mom
movin like into England oh my gosh how
cool was that was cool that song and I'm
so glad that I'm like feeling good like
because sometimes I wonder like should I
be sicker but got a healthy little baby
hello baby a little boy boy girl boy boy
I would say Nan's would be a really good
fit for you guys and he delivers at both
Mountain View and approval yeah okay
yeah and he's yeah just so sweet
very soft-spoken I'm not sure if you've
met her down oh I'm kidding I'm getting
I'm kidding
I'm totally Kay yeah I love my
father-in-law I love you dad don't worry
so we're just rooms done by the way oh I
am done yeah you again
are you a seller just me what if I
finish it off is should I just not I
guess the rest of what I have you can if
you want to get to know how you are
I'm just telling you it's not necessary
but you would like to just yes you tell
me really well that's your chocolate god
I hate taking me on an empty stomach
which I not so you have to do and I are
quite a writer yeah my didn't drink like
easier yeah oh yeah just learn mmm cake
water water gay rate and you know like
crushes I just don't look actually
interferes with so in the country
Alberto during the day yes not 19 late
healthy or alcohol Sam's oh that's a no
and if you can wait a minute and no more
marijuana okay I'm sorry
my guess is that you might not like the
next can I apologize Parker I'm sorry
guys
oh I just did there I got a little ya
beer in the morning mix a day go a
little easier I thought you know about
morning sickness if I take select akela
yeah yes good yes for sure
no I'm gonna take you over and get your
blood drawn on to give you a hug thank
you so much I love my big belly oh my
god afterwards we better go before we
get out of here oh we gotta give Brooke
a hug too right we're gonna burn our
records okay thank you thank you so much
we love we love this come by we will we
will thank you guys
yeah oh my god oh you're a good one
that was quick you know a lot states
really boosted my ego a good one
you didn't go slow you just stuck it in
there and I was even bad
what a beautiful day que le so they gave
me this um little new beginning card and
it has my ultrasound in there and they
all signed it well that's nice
very cute of them that's cool I'm
excited I really can't wait for this
this is uh just renews all hope it get
rid some gets rid of all the stress that
you have and just makes you excited like
I really can't wait for it this is
really exciting it's it's real now I
think yeah I seen those little arms move
okay let's go okay let's go eat
