so today I am six weeks pregnant and
this is the first morning that I have
felt quite sick so I keep having to sit
down because I feel like I'm gonna throw
up
and I'm very excited I'm so happy that I
feel sick I'm happy that things are
moving along smoothly I have my first
ultrasound in one week from today
so um also Jared is just fixing lunch
and we got a new couch too so I'm really
excited it's been a good week
hi so you got our new couch
today I really like it much comfier than
our old couch and now I can be sick and
lay on my new couch okay we are getting
ready for our very first ultrasound
today I believe that I am seven weeks
and they are going to go in to try and
listen to the little heartbeat
so far I've felt really good the past
several weeks
um but today I really my stomach's very
upset I just feel kind of queasy just a
little bit so um that's good I'm really
glad to feel that because that means
things are moving along smoothly let's
go do this
we're having our first ultrasound
so I'm very excited my herbs are going
crazy right
I don't know if I'm nauseous because I'm
pregnant or because I'm so nervous
for this first ultrasound we'll just
have to see how it goes
hi how are you it worked out pretty well
I know my job well oh yeah I probably
like vacation so how you feelin I I felt
really good I'm about a couple days
before they before I found out I am for
like a week and half after I was really
family I mean yeah really crappy and I
don't know that I mean someone was
saying awesome progesterone but I don't
the progesterone and that didn't feel to
say yeah so I was really crappy and I
felt really good right I haven't been
sick but my stomach is constantly
hurting but I don't know if that's
because I'm just constantly excited and
nervous I can't no good
so today are we gonna do pink is it too
soon to fear a heart maybe not we might
see a little heartbeat and I see one
there oh that's our baby that's it good
day
that's our Navy so that little only one
definitely one is one good one at a time
good so I'll show you around so the
whole big black blob right there you can
do that okay I'll just a tional sac sac
here so it's kind of like the home for
the baby so it's a uterus outside yeah
dance head to snack inside theater okay
yep and then there's a little yolk sac
so this little ring looks like a diamond
ring
that's the yolk sac so that's what feeds
the pregnancy and it's early early like
this and then the next thing that we
look for is called its head with honey I
see that call this railroad leg it's
like sort of like measuring tip to tail
or head to but that's about right now
yeah it's like the kind of the size of
like a little bean oh yeah oh my god Hey
well fine I finally voice ha ha this is
real for sure so it's just about it's
almost exactly a centimeter right now no
paper
oh sorry I need a favor actually I got
hoppers walk out you just asked one of
the girls is there's more paper for the
printer can I say we need more thermal
paper yes there we go there we go cool
thank you so much you're welcome
yes it's just like just about seven
weeks right there
okay that's right where you should be -
I was thinking yep and then heartbeat
first shot guys well done
wait is that whoops that's a heartbeat
yeah oh I finally feel better I missed
out last time so it's 141 beats a minute
great it's really strong yeah that's
perfect
oh my god Hilton pregnancy good very
good job guys
well thank you teamwork right does how
much's nope you did all that and then uh
and this may sound like a silly question
I I obviously like everyone wants to be
like as good as they can especially the
first couple weeks just to be safe like
am i doing fine like I'm trying to eat
pretty good like is there anything else
I should be doing to help make sure the
game items you're under prenatal
vitamins right you're taking the
progesterone still you'll stay on the
progesterone until nine weeks yeah so
till the next time we see you then
you'll stop that
otherwise just like that a good diet
stay really well hydrated normal
marathon had this kind but I can't
believe I'm very excited I'm so science
I love it that was you it was such a
huge turnaround I mean from one day to
the next
I really did yeah
we even took a pregnancy test at home
just to make sure yeah and oh like like
that yeah it was the best it was the
best honestly though we couldn't have
done it without you guys seriously
everything that you guys have done I'm
really grateful for you thank you I love
seeing you guys mmm it's better that you
get in and get out yeah get off to the
regular world yes that's great well
thank you that's our baby right can you
believe that is snow Kenzie sighs a
little peanut it's a little beating the
pinna we heard the Heart Ball I loved
hearing it I can't believe it was so
cool did you think it was cool I thought
I was incredible you can see it yeah
look water just a little flutter 141 is
that the hearty yet right there
oh that's so cool just one that's okay
that all that's alright that's all we
need for now right maybe maybe we'll
have one just grateful okay
go put your pants on we just got home
Ellie just got home from our appointment
what are we gonna do now I am going to
put my baby up on my fridge ah oh I want
your and her in it every day I think
it's a boy huh what do you think it's a
boy I want it to be a boy if you're a
girl in the future future baby me come
if you're a girl I'm sorry I love you no
matter what we want but I want a boy I
love it here we get are gonna love you
no matter what future baby me come but
mostly if you're a boy this is just
kidding but seriously okay Ellie let's
put on the fridge okay this little baby
is so special that it's going on her
fridge and as you can see nothing goes
on our fridge stick baby stick I have my
prescription underneath it wait is that
I'm side down no I'm kidding there's
that baby is we did too little what did
she say it was that's the heartbeat
that's the heart that baby's right there
and what she said it was a little peanut
about being peanut there we go
how do you feel I'm really hungry yeah
that's great wait what
I told Jared I want to go get a steak
and it's it's 10:35 in the morning and
Ellie wants to go you to stay for yeah
well I'm gonna celebrate - well let's be
reasonable here Ellie let's be
reasonable
it's never too early for a meaty steak
that's right
what
