so Jared and I are on our way to my
seventh doctor appointment at the
fertility clinic and we are going in
today it's going to be a short doctor
appointment they are just going to be
doing my blood work to check to see if
my thyroid has leveled out and they're
going to check to see if the Fumero
worked and to see if I am pregnant we
are excited to see the results what
they're going to do is take my blood
work and then they're going to call me
in several hours later and let us know
the results Jared and I have a very
strong opinion that we need to keep a
positive attitude through all of this
and but at the same time we really need
to be realistic we are going into our
appointment trying to be very hopeful
but we also what are we trying to say
here we we want to stay positive we
don't want to get our hopes too high
just so we're not too disappointed if
something doesn't go the way we want to
but we're staying positive or staying
then we're standing staying realistic
yeah I think if we would have had the
chance to do the insemination I would
have been ecstatic today and but because
we missed the insemination and we just
did the FEM era and I'm going in with a
little bit lower expectations a lot of
people do get pregnant just by taking
the FEM era so we it still is a very
strong chance today but we'll see we'll
see we'll just have to see how it goes
and cross our fingers
my hands are clay on me sorry okay
you're a trooper you can do it
okay I'm just trying to bridge matches
my pee okay okay and we will call you
with results this afternoon okay I do
have a question and I'm going to be at
work okay all day and my husband's to be
at work and um is if we don't answer
which I'm sure we're not going to answer
can they leave the results and it sounds
what you want yeah yeah sure yeah I'd
rather that be the case then call back
with his eyes tomorrow yeah yeah yeah I
am so if we could like specifically tell
someone like she's not going to answer
yep on Micah nominal okay
that's it guys okay thanks thank you
very much you're welcome okay I am just
finishing up work I am the last one here
today and I just got a phone call and a
voicemail from the doctor's office they
called and left the results I'm not
going to listen to it yet I'm going to
wait till Jared gets home tonight from
work and we're going to listen to it
together that way if it is a positive
we'll be together and if it's a negative
we can go get a milkshake I just I'm
just so nervous I can't I just I say
that a lot I just I just I'm really
nervous I am going into this expecting
that the doctors were going to say it's
negative just because that's what it's
been for the past two years I don't know
how many pregnancy tests I have taken
and spent a lot of money so I am really
anxious to see if the Fumero worked
Jared just pulled up from work and I
have been waiting for several hours and
we're both really excited to listen to
our voice mail to see what the doctors
have said so let's see him
I had a busy workday to me hey what's up
well what should we do I don't know you
tell me
I think we have something to listen to I
know how do you feel huh I'm I think
it's a no I'm just being a hundred
percent honest right now I and I'm not
trying to be negative I think it's a no
- just cuz that's what I'm um it just
always is no I'm just used to but but
we're still hopeful we're still gonna be
sad more than anything it's a yes I
can't wait I'm nervous and my palms are
getting sweaty yeah so let me go put
these down real quick oh sure your mom
mmm Kayleigh are you ready for this you
won't be too disappointed if it's a no
I'm kind of nervous right now we have a
good chance I mean we caught we did the
FEM era and you know timing was great
with the egg so we still have a good
chance we have a great chance I just
don't know
should I do it mm-hmm okay okay ready
yep drum roll - messages for Ellie Ellie
this is Katie from the Utah Fertility
Center we got your lab results back and
they were positive
congratulations now we need to get you
scheduled for your OB ultrason if you
could give me a call back so we can do
that either one for 99202
thanks bye
this is so great - messages for Ellie
Ellie escapee from the use our
facilities Center we got your lab
results back and they were positive
congratulations if you settle for there
were OB ultra-smooth if you think in a
colander it can do that for me the once
when I give 1900 thanks bye-bye
we're gonna have a baby so let me know
if you can hear it yeah hi this message
is for Ellie Ellie this is Casey from
the utah Fertility Center we got your
lab results back and they were positive
congratulations
now we need to get you scheduled for
your OB ultrasound if you could give me
a call back so we can do that it's eight
oh one four nine to nine to zero zero
thanks device
that's great that's wonderful
congratulations thank you I know okay
I'm gonna play something tell me if you
guys can hear it okay actually should I
do it like this
no no I'm good like this - messages for
Ellie Ellie this is Casey from the utah
Fertility Center we got your lab results
back and they were positive
congratulations
now we need to get you scheduled for
your OB ultrason if you could get in a
car bar so we can do that
801 192 9200 Thanks
