hello I am excited to show you guys my
haul today I have a little bit of
everything from clothes to lush to
makeup so I'm going to get started with
my clothes and I'm going to show you
guys my fun colored skinny jeans that I
got and these were and event in them
itself
I searched forever for skinny jeans
yesterday me and my husband had such a
fun day be went to City Creek and to our
local mall and I went in to Dillard's
Nordstrom's Macy's I'm Andru 21 I went
to a lot of stores to find skinny jeans
and I am pretty particular with my pants
I am quite small and I don't have much
curb I don't have big hips or big thighs
so it's really hard for me to find a
pant that fits from my waist down like I
like that forms right to my body is so
the last place that I would ever imagine
myself going in finding skinny jeans
would be for me
Aeropostale to meeting that's a store
for cute little 9 year olds to like 16
year old it's just a really fun store
but for me I'm not I don't quite love it
it's not quite my taste to have a huge
Aeropostale sign written across my shirt
but I went in the last store after
several hours and I tried them on and
they fit perfect and I was looking for a
skinny jean that was very stretchy I
don't even know if you can tell but like
this just has like a lot of stretch to
it and and so I got some interesting
colors I got this like green as you can
tell the very green and these are
cropped so it would be perfect for
summer I think so they don't go all the
way to my ankle they're kind of like a
Capri skinny jean so I got those and I
also got some very very bright pink ones
and I don't even know if the camera is
picking up on how pink these are and
these are bright like a low-cut right
back
so I got these I got him in size zero I
am
I usually fit in just a size one I can't
wear two and I can't wear a zero but
these are very stretchy and so the ones
were a little bit too big on my waist
and my stomach these even though they're
at zero like if I put them on my belly I
can stretch them a couple inches there
they're gonna be great
so I'm really excited so that was
definitely an event trying to find those
my poor husband was probably exhausted
so I also got some fun shirts you can
find these shirts everywhere they're
everywhere but I found it at a little
store called cozy in my little town here
in Springville and um to start off I got
this really cute orange one that it is
very long and just kind of loose so
that's cute I got that one I got a
couple and I got just a very light green
how cute would these be with the pink
ones and I got this fun blue one with
the polka dot I've seen this in a lot of
store so you definitely wouldn't have to
go to that little store to get these I
even think they're at forever 21 I don't
really like to step foot in stores like
forever 21 and even rue or even rue 21
is it the same store different stores
I don't like stepping foot in busy
stores because it overwhelms me so I
really like small simple stores but you
can find these anywhere and this is the
last one I got that's kind of loose this
is kind of like a cheetah print it has
little black dots on it and all of these
shirts ranged from $10 to 20 24 dollars
so I got this and this one has a little
bit more detail it has some little gold
clasps on it and then when we were at
City Creek I went into Nordstrom's
I am pretty picky with the shoes I wear
as well since I do stand for the
majority of the day doing hair I need
some comfy shoes if you're not familiar
with the brand born and the brand echoes
I believe you can find him at Dillard's
maybe JC Penney's there are the comfiest
shoes and they are a pretty penny but
they last for years I have a pair that
I've had since I've gotten married for
three years and I wear them the majority
of the time to work and they still
perfect they're nice and leather and
they are very comfortable so I found
these fun wedges and they the brand is
born and I cannot even tell that these
are wedges like how like these are
really comfy shoes they're kind of cute
and so I thought these would be fun for
summer instead of like wearing Hills and
making my feet hurt and I mean these
just like I put them on and I started
walking and I couldn't even tell that
they're wedges when normally I try
wedges and you can automatically tell
that your feet are gonna hurt in like an
hour or so and so I got these shoes I
thought these were very comfy they're
leather they're gonna last forever so I
was really excited for those I went into
Sephora and I guess on your birthday
month they give you a little free gift
and so I picked up the I guess they're
sugar lips is that what it's called
they're sugar
happy birthday sugar they're sugar
kisses those little mini duo's I don't
know I think it's just like a tinted lip
balm and a little lip balm so I got that
that was kind of fun but I got this it's
from Smashbox and it is called prism and
it is soft it's their soft light I
believe they have like three different
shades of these they may even have more
by just saw three and I've used this
once my sister had it and she uses it
for a highlighter you can use it for a
blush or a highlighter it does have some
shimmer in it but I don't want to say it
has a ton of sugar it's very light I'm
wearing
today I put it just over my blush I
don't know if you can see the hint of
shimmer but it is definitely pigmented
and it's pretty pink so I think it's a
really pretty soft glow so I got that
because the Sephora that is in my talent
they stopped selling this so while I was
up at City Creek I picked it up while I
was up there I headed into the lush
store and this smells so yummy I must
have been on a citrus citrus kick
yesterday because everything I got is
very citrusy so I usually just get
luscious bath bombs a little bath fizzes
but I ventured out and got a couple of
different things so I'll show you this
one this is if you get this on there so
this is luscious bubble bar and they
also have a little macaroon they're like
macaroons that you kind of crumble under
the water and it kind of fills the
bathtub up with bubbles I am a I love
baths I take a bath usually once a day I
just kind of sit in there in the morning
or I take a bath at night and I guess
this can be used like five to ten bath
washes you just put it under the water
and you put it under the tap until you
get the amount of bubbles you want and
then you can set it aside to dry so it
lasts about six bath tub uses depending
on how many bubbles you want and this
smells really yummy I'm not even going
to try and tell you what the scent is
because I will look like a fool so but
it doesn't mean so I got that one Erin I
thought and I ventured out and got any
aid soap and this is called sex appeal
they have a lot of different ones and he
got me a pretty good chunk size you can
get any amount that you want you get
really big chunks or you can get just a
small sample sized chunk for a couple
dollars I got just a medium size and
I'll probably try and like
and how so I don't like waste it while
I'm using it but their products smell
really good they're all very natural
they use lots of essential oils and so
this one will be fun to try and I have
pretty dry skin and I have hard water so
I'm excited to see how this compares to
drugstore so I'm sure it's much better
so the last thing that I ventured out
other than the bath bombs is their
skincare product the guy was very
informative at lush I have been using
these same skincare products for 3 years
I have been using these skincare product
called shows a toe and it has just
worked wonders and I haven't ventured
out very much at all in the past 3 years
for different skin care products and the
guy was very familiar with
she's a the skin care as well and he was
explaining to me the difference between
the lab made cosmetics versus the hand
made cosmetics and of course natural is
better and everything in food and skin
care products he tried a bunch of
different skin care products on the back
of my hand and I'm just gonna stick to
what I have for now I'm gonna start
slowly buying different products instead
of a whole new set of products for my
skincare so I got the tea tree water
toner from there I don't even use a
toner now most toners are are very
drying on the skin they are part full of
alcohol which dries out your skin I mean
you don't need a bunch of alcohol on
your skin if you're breaking out really
bad I notice my breakouts were dry
breakouts I was drying out my skin and
then I'd get a lot of little cystic acne
all over my face and it was because I
was using products that were so drying
and that's why I switched over to should
say it was because it was such a gentle
hydrating skincare line so I did I did
pick up their toner beneficial for
anyone with oily or spot prone skin so I
use this this morning I mean
did feel hydrating and so I'll just
continue to use it and I think next time
I go I'm gonna pick up their face wash
as well and use that maybe just in the
morning until I can slowly switch over
and see which skincare product I like
better um so I am excited for that is
I'll let you know how I like it I'll
have to do a review on my skincare and
see if I can see a difference with a
handmade skincare with essential oils
versus a skincare that's you know all
made in a lab and so I'll have to see
which one I like better the last thing I
thought of course were my bath bombs now
I have been told by gosh
that these bath bombs or a one-time use
look how big these are and smells like
you take a lot of baths I take short
baths but I take a lot of them and I've
used these bath bombs before because
they said you know not to break them in
half and just use them for this is for
one bath use only but because I've used
them before and by the time the bath
bomb is all fizzed out I'm ready to get
out of the bathtub so I think just for
one of these I'm gonna kind of break it
up and just use them in chunks and see
how I like it and if I do I'll let you
know if I like it because even though
I'm sure you get the most like they're
in layers like one layer will be one
thing and another layer will be in a
different color
um I don't know I'm just gonna break it
up and see how I like it
I don't necessarily care if it fizzes
for 20 minutes I just want something you
know smelling and hydrating in the
bathtub so I got three of those I don't
even know what the names are I don't
know what this one was it's not very
citrusy this one is lemon this is pine
my favorite one I've used about four of
these and these are just huge I mean
I'll probably try and break on a
portrait I try and cut up and if they
shatter then I'll just gather the whole
thing in throw it in the tub
and this is the last one I got this is a
little mini one it's not as big and
again I don't know what ones I thought I
just smelt them and the ones I like the
scent of I put it into my backpack so
unfortunately I don't know what the
names are so I'm excited for all those
lush products I kind of ventured out
into a couple different ones so I did I
think the last thing I got on my little
trip um it's a little handbag right now
the handbag I'm using is a very nice
handbag it's all leather it's kind of a
little country handbag and I don't
really want to use it every single day I
don't want to wear it out even though I
mean a skill ask forever it's really
nice heavy-duty leather but I want
something a little smaller for summer
and so I picked up this handbag and this
is what the handle looks like it's kind
of like a gold chain with the material
weaved into it and so I got that and
then this is what the little handbag
looks like it's very small it's kind of
detailed around the edges so it's very
small you can twist it and open out I
just have a couple things in there I
would just fit like my insurance my
license and a lip gloss and my keys some
cash so that's kind of a cute little bag
and that is my haul I am very excited my
husband I would show you today but I'm
going to do on a different video he got
a really cool pampering a shave kit set
that I think would be an awesome gift
for Father's Day or for a birthday
present so I'll do a second video on
that showing you how how to use it and
showing you what it is so I'm excited I
got a lot of fun things I'll probably do
a couple outfit of the days with some of
these new outfits and I hope you enjoyed
this video we had a blast shopping I
just I love dates where it's just me and
my husband and we can go into town for
as long as we want and just shop
I mean even if we didn't buy anything it
was so fun to
to eat and to just be together just us
two it's probably one of my favorite my
favorite dates is just hanging out and
talking so we have a wonderful time we
had a wonderful birthday and I got a lot
of fun things I'm excited to go take
several baths with all my good smelling
lush products and I'll have to let you
know if I like these skincare as well
and if I do I'll pick up a couple more
and let you know what I think of them so
thank you so much for watching I hope
you have a wonderful day goodbye
