I'm going to show you guys what I have
been doing every day for the past couple
weeks with my eye shadow I've got it
down pretty packed I hope that you guys
enjoy the tutorial okay so I have on
just my foundation and I do not have any
concealer on yet I'm going to do my eyes
first and then I like to do my concealer
after that way if I have any fallout I
can clean up under my eyes really well
not how sparkly concealer eyes all day
so let's get started with my eyes I'm
going to use the color tattoo from
Maybelline as my eyeshadow base today
and everything that I use or all my
brushes that I use I'm just gonna put
all of that in the description bar link
below the video and I just like to take
a little bit in my finger and just put
that all over my lid and I'm in the
middle of growing out all my eye brows
so if you see little sparse ones that is
why and I'm going to use the lorac Pro
palette today and I really like this
palette because the top is all matte and
the bottom is all shimmer I am going to
start with my crease first and I'm going
to use this shade
Maw Maw for just kidding it small and
actually I kind of put it above my
crease I kind of like to put that first
of it so I could do blending a little
bit better so kind of do it outside and
above the crease and then when I do my
concealer I'm going to clean up all this
out here and then I'm going to do up
above the highlighting shade and I have
cleaned off my brush and I'm going to go
in and D color cream just right above
that mauve color and then I kind of like
to go back with them off that way it's
mostly this color and not all stark
white up above so now that I have that
done I'm gonna go and
to the base so I'm going to go in with
the color nude and this is probably my
favorite shade and the palette and I
don't have to take it right in the
corner because I'm gonna go in with
another color but if you want you can do
that and then I get take what's left on
the brush and kind of just blend that up
so that this inner corner gets nice and
bright I have really dark circles so I
really like to brighten up that area so
now I thought most of the look done
I'm gonna do this outer corner in a
darker color it is called deep purple
and I'm gonna mix it a little bit with
this slate color I'm just gonna kind of
edge out the crease first as you can see
and then I'm gonna take the brush and
just lightly blend I don't want this
blended all that much I kind of like it
to be a little more defined and then I'm
wiping my brush off as well so I'm not
getting a ton of product I'm gonna go
back in with the fluffy brush and work
between the mauve color and that purple
color with just a matte Brown and I'm
going to use the shade sable and I'm
just going to use that brush and kind of
blend in between both of them let's go
back through with some eyeliner my
favorite liquid eyeliner is ply from
Rimmel and it's the glam eyes I don't
like to do my black eyeliner from the
corner out I like to just do a half way
and then I'll take a regular and like
pencil and then blend it the rest of the
way so I like to just pull the eye just
a little bit I don't like yank it but
just lightly and pull the eye and I'm
just going to do the outer corner
I'm gonna take a regular pencil brush
this is just from NYX but you can use
any black eyeliner and I'm just gonna
lightly do the rest of the eye I really
don't like a ton of eyeliner I do have
dark circles and I feel like if I use a
lot of black or darkness around the
whole eye it just weighs my eyes down so
now I just have it very lightly on and I
feel like it's pointless to do an eye
look and then to cover all up with a
thick black line so I'm gonna take a
white eyeliner I think this is from
Rimmel as well I'm just gonna edge this
inner corner just very lightly saying
what's underneath and then when I do my
concealer I'll finish off the look I am
using the Make Up For Ever full coverage
concealer and this is in the shade 4 and
this stuff is very matte and it a little
bit goes a long way so I'm just gonna
take a little dot and I'm gonna start
right here in the corner where it's the
darkest and I kind of like that to dry a
little bit and set and then I just tap
on what is left on my finger I like to
start in the outer part first because I
do like that
first little dot to dry a little bit so
I've already wiped up a little bit of
fallout from the eye shadow under my
eyes so that I don't have a bunch of
shimmer right here so I like to do
everything else and then the very last
all like look up and then touch up
underneath so all blends and then I'm
gonna go up above and just like I said
I'm just tapping the whole thing and it
just kind of blends where the eye shadow
because I don't want to pass the eyebrow
and I need to put some color onto my
face I'm using it this is the Sephora
bronzer the Sephora brand and I don't
like to bronze a ton or contour a ton I
found the best way for me is just using
a big fluffy brush and patting it in a
little and just going on the
outside of my face like I kind of start
under the cheekbone a little bit and
then I'll take what's left and just kind
of blend around my face I'm gonna use my
Tarte blush it's in the color amused and
this is so pigmented I'm just gonna do a
teeny bit of this and then a teeny bit
of my Smashbox highlighter slash blush
so I'm just gonna dab this in just a
teeny bit and just do just a little bit
like it is so pigmented okay so now that
I've got that on I'm gonna go back with
my stash box and I'm going to do the
same thing just a little bit just kind
of on that cheekbone and now I need some
color on my lips so I'm going to do the
shade honey in the Revlon and lip balm
and that is all I'm gonna do to our lips
so now that I have my lips on I'm just
gonna finish my eyes um I like to take a
nude and so I believe this is from
Rimmel as well like I said everything
below and I just like to do my waterline
underneath because I really like to have
a bright eye I don't want anything too
dark especially underneath and I have a
lot of redness so I'm just gonna kind of
pencil this on and then I'm going to go
back in with a little brush and a little
pencil brush and back into my lorac
palette the color taupe and I'm just
going to lightly put that in like
underneath all that underneath where the
lash line is
and then very lightly maybe take that
little bit of purple and just do a teeny
bit just on that corner I'm just gonna
put a little bit of mascara on my bottom
lash line and I just like to kind of tap
it in there with like I don't use it
this way I just use the tip to kind of
get those little lashes and that is that
so I have this really I think it's kind
of a fun look especially now that we're
in spring and you can use any color I
kind of like this steps a lot by doing
the crease first because I feel like it
helps me blend and have everything a
good proportion I hope that you guys
liked this I've had a couple people ask
me to do a eyes shadow tutorial so I
hope this wasn't too confusing for you
okay I'm going to show you guys the
finished look with my nice bright pink
pants for the day but this is the
finished look with my nice bright pink
pants so that's why I didn't want to do
my lip and cheeks too crazy
I hope that you guys really liked this
look um and I will talk to you guys all
later bye
