we're getting ready for our doctor's
appointment this morning it is 7:30 and
we need to leave in about 10 minutes so
let's go suit Jerry's doing what's going
on what are you mama you're now my baby
what are we doing we're just getting
ready to go to the doctor that's fine
yeah it's right here is your workday
ally and I for birthday happy birthday
to you
so birthday 22 we're going to the
doctor's and ten minutes and we are
hopefully going to be getting my little
trigger injection to release that little
egg and we're excited and then we're
going to opt in to go see family so this
is what we do every morning we listen to
music we dance
and we dance
down tiny bit I miss my toes like you
know these mighty lrq you just get this
done
yeah I did them you do yourself yeah
well I can you set up here a good gig
huh yeah that's definitely an
improvement so the mining still looks
good yeah looks like perfect it's good
at 8 millimeters
and awake see anything here
maybe you have eggs but they look
smaller than what they were before sin
to ovulate you guys had intercourse last
couple days yeah right the day probably
- it was on the right side right side
last time it was on the respond see on
there
does he usually ovulate at a 10
no I mean it would be early to ovulate I
mean it was a 14 before that's why it's
a little bit unusual for you to ovulate
that really but there's no fossil there
anymore so you had intercourse though so
it's okay yeah like a couple days ago
that's all right it was enough for it
was before they did the ultrasound two
days ago so I mean it was kind of early
it was like two three days ago that's
okay that's still I mean those sperm
will live in your reproductive tract for
like four or five days I think you
ovulated because there's no eggs you
know
there does this happen to people it does
occasionally but not too often but yeah
there's no follicle there I'm sorry I
was just trying to girl your line you
know it does happen what about my
Marilyn you beat us to it
it doesn't help very often but it does
occasionally happen okay so but the good
thing is you did get me to swim to it in
person even in the last like four or
five days that would be fine
so you caught because you caught the
window in fact is probably better that
you had it a few days ago so that you
like obviously in elegance yeah I think
yeah I mean we can check to confirm you
ovulated with the progesterone level but
I can pretty much tell you they done
having a 40-millimeter and now I'm not
having anything there but you ovulated
okay yeah it was a tendon that was a 14
okay so that's where she had you come
back just a couple days later so that we
could catch that window I would say in
the future for sure he's alive early to
marry for kits once it gets to that
point in the cycle because that way if
it becomes positive let me know about it
right away
yeah but you did what you were going to
do anyway so no it's okay he's alright
but I mean normally if this happened I
mean obviously hasn't been working the
past couple years so I don't really have
high hopes and it's going to work this
time
yeah I mean you never know you have you
can have early
couple nights groans oh yeah we we had a
couple of nights follicles and we have
the foam era which we didn't last time
there's lots of lots of good positive
things that can happen yeah and if I
marry on the lining the lining was nice
and thick okay you really never know Hey
not necessarily adopting it's just not
what we plan yeah I know I feel like
it's not what we planned but in town a
bad thing okay different medication so
we have changed some things I've been
doing monitoring we know you I had it of
course right and actually the perfect
window or I guess I didn't use the test
because I thought why would they work
yeah they were monitoring you on yeah a
day later so yeah and usually when
you're this early we don't do them on
behind because it was still a little bit
on the smaller side but your body your
ovaries just how to mind in their own
this month and decided they just wanted
to emulate a really well on last night
like when I was going to bed like I was
kind of crappy would that have anything
to do with this at all or is it too
small that it would even it click nobody
I didn't tell me you just don't know I
don't know way I'm in the last couple
days you ovulate it could've been
yesterday yesterday at some point I mean
I would you guys are going to go have a
fun weekend go home yeah doctors or
nurse you know you never know it had be
ovulated in the last like 12 to 24 hours
if you have intercourse now I mean
there's still that chance that that
sperm could again just trying to get up
in
YouTube okay perfect timing too so let's
plan what we're going to do next then
and how and what two weeks you could
take a test to see that you're so in two
weeks so I'll actually give you a date
to come back to get your blood drawn
okay and we'll have you start up a
progesterone do you have the purchased I
do and if you fridge
is that okay yeah so we'll give you all
your instructions before you make today
and you'll still start the progesterone
because that will help to even build up
the line even more and then we'll make
you have you come back in a couple weeks
to check a pregnancy test okay so wait
you come back here yeah well just keep
our fingers crossed guru fingers crossed
and see because really just this stuff
happens and people still get pregnant
because they have teamed up a lot of
things we're having a good just yeah
we're doing things a little different
okay
and then if not then we'll kind of plan
next time you know a little bit
different knowing now yeah I kind of
ovulate a little bit on the earlier side
okay what are you thinking what do you
think well I
I think she's exactly right we did you
know we had a lot of good things with
width of her chest room and
that we have a half before I think
that's a huge help to you know the past
two and a half years I know it's really
really hard but guess what it doesn't
matter how long it takes okay as long as
we do it together okay I love you okay
let's have a good birthday okay okay
you're my favorite thing I love you love
you too it was bad I thought
yeah I'm not very good with different
plans a change is never oh that's so
funny
I know no yeah to tell you you just did
it okay timing actually okay here on top
of it and it it what kind of make tells
on day house on yours
good day is that are they going
so have fun this weekend okay your
birthday today thanks I had his birthday
this weekend okay let's do something
spiral I think I'll go to Salt Lake
okay we're not necessarily ahead time
you know that yeah we don't any form or
fashion it's okay I'm happy to be here
cluding just really wait it's okay to
wait till tomorrow okay okay soft our
believe in a radio too weak yeah okay
two weeks
I'm not even charging for this visit for
this ultrasound so I could just give
that spender front and that's all you
thank you I'll be good okay okay I
really do my feed you guys come like
really helpful get you there let me get
there
I have a son forget about this stuff
okay and then Colin was like that would
be that's like you know okay okay Ellie
we just finished what what are you
thinking what's going on I I was upset
because our play on like the doctors
plan and just like I already ovulated
which is good that's awesome news
because I think I usually I don't and so
but I just obviated earlier than
everyone thought and so we didn't have a
chance to do the insemination it just
happened so the doctor said I still have
a really good chance of getting pregnant
because of the FEM era and because I'm
going to be doing progesterone so we
still have high hopes but it's just not
kind of how we
and so I just I'm worried that we wasted
a month so well the the good news is
that we were kind of on top of things
literally so that's that's that's a huge
huge thing for this month yeah however
we also get good information at the
appointments every single month or every
single visit learn it so much so it I I
wouldn't say it's a month wasted it's a
month
it's a notch on our bill it's a good
month we've learned a lot we're still
going strong right yes and we still love
each other right right okay let's go
have a good weekend
let's look love birthday party raper
nice came okay I love you love you bye I
love you oh I love you okay bye bye
