hey Jared and I are on our way to our
second ultrasound at the fertility and
we're very excited it was very short
notice I called the doc the doctor
wanted me to call her right when I had a
cycle and so I called her and my bicycle
no a cycle and so I called her and she
told me to come in today at 2:00 so
short notice I didn't go into work today
I just picked Jared up from work they
let me go off work for a little bit to
see what is going on yes round two with
Ellie's enemy here we are again Ellie I
know you don't have any pants on
but what are you thinking right now
can't wait
okay this is like the first day of our
treatment for the month we could be
pregnant
so today we're looking for ovarian cysts
ovarian cysts our fluid-filled sacs that
are going to say the ovaries they don't
contain eggs and they look exactly the
same on an ultrasound as what we call a
follicle a follicle is a fluid-filled
sac that contains an egg so where they
look the same when you're on your period
we know you're not growing an egg so
that's why we look today just to make
sure that you don't have a cyst this can
create their own hormones and point out
anything we can do to try to do you pray
gosh that makes sense
so last time we did ultrasound just to
like just for a first ultrasound to
check in so this would be more of an
ulch
like a different one for like yeah this
is what we call your baseline okay so
your your body it should be at a
baseline state you're learning is
starting to thin out your own eyes are
kind of at a resting state yes they're
not starting to grow anything so you are
essentially at your baseline state and
then we're going to grow from that point
okay let me examine it okay okay and I'm
just looking the inside lining is nice
and thin okay so I wouldn't expect any
please just okay and I fit maybe I could
be wrong but is that true like baby
because I am so far outside the blob is
heavier but maybe because the cycle is
shorter normally for me
yeah the line I didn't have as much of a
chance to build up okay as it usually
does matter five to eight weeks snap
that's a long one so what's that so you
have a little cyst on your right ovary
see these black things they look kind of
like yeah they're make sure every look
like Swiss cheese kind of thing those
are all mental basal antral follicles so
you have a small cyst on your right
ovary I just measured it to see and
should not have an effect
cycle okay so this structure right here
and right ovary awesome okay and
normally people wouldn't have this no
you should have so every cycle you house
this is myself almost mine yep and then
this structure is a little shadow but
this is your left ovary right here okay
and there's none on that nope
no but you can see all these little tiny
and yeah a little tiny black all of
dolls yeah yep
those are what we call base cilantro
follicles all caps calendar I'll tell
you how this looks yet for Jack alder
today if you are recycling today likely
will have a go start until tomorrow
okay you're from Agra they're two pills
a day for five days you already have
already high order and they should be
here today and then on the calendar
it'll say going to come back for another
ultrasound it'll be the same type of
ultrasound but that time we're looking
for a follicle that has an egg in it
based on the size of that follicle we
know how close to maturity that ending
is that's how we know when to do
insemination so the other medications
that you're getting or HCG which is
human chorionic gonadotropin you've
probably heard that with like the diet
and things like that for our purposes it
makes you ovulate so don't use that
until I tell you okay and it comes with
this loaded with this big fatty needle
we don't do that I thought something
freaked out oh that's just for mixing
everybody sees that and it's literally a
little bit like a pin looks like the
inside anything evil we just use it for
mixing your doctor an injection with
that but the HCG is a shot that you give
yourself in the tummy and that's what
makes you ovulate the other medication
is progesterone progesterone is the
hormone that maintains pregnancy
so we've just found we have lower
miscarriage rates if after insemination
we supplement with progesterone I'm
exempt it so you'll use that afterwards
so HCG progesterone hang on to it for
now
anything was until I told ya yep got it
huh and now I think that they gave got
the off-brand one so if the naming is
detrol
yeah I am just calling out this to sing
yeah yeah just the generic okay
the from our brand is expensive yeah do
a lot of people do the generic that just
about everybody does say yeah and just
everybody responds just finally okay
okay so do that and call if it's
positive and then if it is positive will
tell you something totally different to
do but we plan on seeing for an
ultrasound on the eighth okay which is
the one okay Monday
so I guess so these numbers up here I
don't really these are your cycle days
mm-hmm
so you're starting your pills on cycle
day three okay and then we'll see you
for an ultrasound on your cycle day
twelve goddess so the idea is that we
see you for an ultrasound and then with
the HTG we induce ovulation absolutely
we induce ovulation before you ovulate
does that make sense
got it um and then do you guys care what
opk is usually I've used the clear blue
and I've used them I like the clear blue
with the lines the flats how I smile
even on the smiley faces and I get so
many false negatives with the smiley
faces
we're on our way to our third ultrasound
at least specialist and we're excited
and it's raining and it's quite early in
the morning
I'm excited I'm anxious to hear what
they have the same
yeah excited about it so the last time
we went to our ultrasound she checked my
lining in my uterus all right just took
my lining and this time she is checking
to see if I have a good follicle or a
good egg growing and I think at this
point she is going to tell us when we
will do our HCG ejection and when we
will jar insemination I believe so we'll
keep you updated a severe we're looking
for follicles okay
all those are the fluid-filled sacs that
eggs grow inside of so that's what we do
the baseline because the assists and
fall goes look the same so we measure
the follicle and based on how large it
is that's how we know if there's a
mature egg in it around okay and you can
actually you'll be able to see my screen
okay and that's how we know when you
have your HCG and then we're doing some
attention just by look at that look at
that smile okay the dark spots and bloom
this little so what I'm measuring right
here is the inside lining of the uterus
okay so the whole big looks kind of okay
I don't even know what I'm gonna dope
there you can see you know it looks kind
of like a comp like keeping Emma yeah
yeah that's the lines that the brighter
in the middle yeah as the lining and so
that little bit thin so I'd like it to
be a little bit thicker but it's going
to be based on your follicles - okay and
those circles are a are follicles of my
have eggs so these don't look quite
mature yet
starting to get a little bit close your
right side
one of those word about people it's okay
okay I'm fine
so those are that's cuz I'm doomed
entail okay cuz I'm zoomed in it looks
like two eyes and nose I know it makes
your ovaries look like Swiss cheese kind
of so your biggest today is a ten so we
need to do more medicine is what that
means okay so what we'll have you do is
you did the will just increase your dose
of the femoral and you'll start it tank
also I'll do another thing you can do
more than one round of Ameri in a cycle
so even grow like normally I would all
be late like next week ish have since my
period that looks like it's not going to
happen right so we're going to give me
more medicine to get you to get those
close to a point a which no I'm sorry
okay is this not like the case yeah this
happens you're not weird okay Kelly
you're not weird
this is good this is a response okay so
we just that's how we even know we've
got that you of a harder got it
so you're doing just and so this just
goes to show that the clomid we have not
done yeah oh that's why you're here okay
and that's cool and I'm excited idea we
haven't it so excited in a long time
yeah it's nice to have answers to like
to know why things aren't working and
what's going on with your body it's kind
of a process that you learn way too much
about your body I love them more than
the iPhone so I would expect hopefully
by next time can be ready okay
okay sounds great so if you do get a
positive just called the office can't
tell you what to do okay okay but I
won't and I women is affected so don't
be disappointed but if you want to take
and I wouldn't start them until the
Monday so week from today okay I'll do
that I don't want to wait
yeah no money yeah so thank you guys I
will do you think I'm sorry Sweeney hey
it's okay we're still I know we're
stopped doing good but I am so upset
like all right it's fine and I'm excited
five more days of long but they are
doubling like I'm doing two rounds of
American one cycle and so double dose
I'm gonna get dressed
