hi everyone I bought the room Oh BB
cream a couple weeks ago and today I'm
going to show you how I apply it to my
skin I also I'm going to be wearing it
throughout the day and in a couple hours
I'm going to come back and show you what
it looks like on my skin at the end of a
work day and then I will give you my
thoughts on the Rimmel BB cream so let's
get started this is the Rimmel BB cream
and I bought it in shade light and I
believe that this is the lightest shade
that they have and I bought it for $6.99
so since this is the lightest shade I
thought that it would be okay for me it
actually is a little bit too dark so
take that into consideration as I apply
it to my skin I think this is going to
work really well in this summer when my
skin gets a little bit more tan but I'm
excited to show you so I'm going to put
a little on the back of my hand and this
probably is even too much so I may not
use all of that now since I have been
applying this for about a week
I have learned I have applied way too
much and when I give you my review I'll
explain why but today I'm just going to
be using a little bit I'm not going to
be putting a ton around my nose area so
I'm just going to take this little dot I
just dot it on and I'm going to start on
one side of the face so I'm just going
to wipe it on and I feel like using my
fingers is the best way to apply it and
you can see I am just going to kind of
rub this into my skin
and then again just a little dot and I
get to put it on my chin
now I feel like the BB Creams
are a lot like tinted moisturizers in
the way that it applies I feel like I've
used a brush and it's not that good and
so I feel like the fingers are the best
way because it is kind of like a
moisturizer so you can see already that
I still have redness I still have
blemishes you know around my face but
the one thing that it does is it does
even out the skin tone
so I'm going to take what is the rest on
my hand and I'm going to just run it
down my neck because I do feel like this
is a little dark
okay so I have on the BB cream I would
never wear this alone it does not cover
enough um you can still see that I have
a lot of blemishes still like on my face
but I feel like if I had to hurry and
run to the store that this would this
would be okay I would still feel like I
have some sort of coverage but it
definitely is not something that I would
want to go throughout my day just
wearing now the back of the Rimmel BB
cream I'm going to read to you what it
says it says that it's a skin perfecting
super makeup it is nine in one results
it Prime's moisturizes and minimizes
pores conceals covers smooths mattifies
brightens and helps protect it lasts all
day long so when I come back and give
you my review I'll tell you kind of what
I think about this so I'm going to
finish my base and then I'm going to
come back in several hours and show you
how it wears so let's see what time it
is it is eleven thirty seven so here
probably around six or seven o'clock at
night I'll get back and show you how it
wears on my skin so I have my whole face
done I am all done I'm going to go
throughout my day and I'm excited to
come back and show you what it looks
like after a long day of wear okay I am
back after my long work day it is now
seven oh six and my makeup has been on
for several hours now I don't know if
you can tell but I want to touch up my
makeup really bad with powder I feel
like around my nose around my chin I
need to put some powder on so I
definitely feel like I need to touch up
my makeup I want to just put a little
bit of powder all over so at the end of
a couple hours I definitely feel like
the Rimmel BB cream you do need to touch
up it's not something that you can wear
all day long my skin is very dry
I have never my life had an issue with
oily skin nor have I had an issue with
wearing a product that makes me feel
like I have oily skin the BB cream on
the back of it it claims that it
conceals and mattifies I feel like the
coverage is just a coverage to to tone
down my skin so all the redness went
away after I apply the BB cream but I
definitely don't believe that it
conceals and I absolutely do not believe
that it mattifies I feel like I have
oily skin today and that's not a bad
thing for me I like that I like that I
have a little bit of doing this to my
skin but it definitely does not mattify
and I would absolutely not recommend
this to people that have oily skin about
20 minutes after I applied and went
about my day I already felt like I
needed to put some powder on especially
around my nose area and like I said
earlier I have applied this for about a
week now and today I applied it much
differently than I have this past week
the past week I just applied it
everywhere I put it all over my nose my
chin but today I'm mostly focused
putting it on my cheeks and what was
left then I put on to my nose I didn't
put a lot of the BB cream around my nose
area and I definitely feel like that
helped I felt like throughout the day I
could look in the mirror and still think
that my makeup looked very nicely in the
past week I haven't done that I applied
it very heavily and I did not like it
because I definitely needed to touch up
around my nose area but even though
today I need to touch up I still really
enjoy having a light application I
usually use for my everyday foundation
the makeup forever matte velvet plus and
I usually use this everyday but I kind
of liked it I can
an alternative for the BB cream and just
the powder I definitely will continue to
use this I don't know if you can tell
but I do feel like it's too dark for me
I feel like my neck is very light and my
skin is about a shade darker than I
would like so I will definitely be
loving this for the summer time so I
will wait a couple more months until I
get a little bit more tan but I do like
the BB cream I think the price is great
I think the coverage is okay
but I absolutely love the coverage with
powder so I wouldn't recommend it on its
own so I hope this review kind of helps
you if you would like to buy the BB
cream I give it a thumbs up I do like it
I don't think it's the best thing out
there but considering it's just a BB
cream and not a foundation I really do
enjoy it and I did get a couple
compliments today on my skin today at
work a lot of people liked the way my
makeup look today so if you're getting
compliments that's always a good thing I
hope you enjoyed this bye
