hello I'm here at JC Penney's and then
getting ready to go to Sephora I am in
desperate need of some new makeup I am
trying to use the foundation that I
already have and so I think I'm just
maybe I think I'm just going to get
concealer and some powder I have a
bottom powder in a long time you should
just use the liquid foundation so that
is what I have in mind we will see what
I come back with I just left the fora
and I could not believe it so I went in
like I said to get some concealer and
what else did I need and some powder so
I got my powder and they were out of
concealer and they were out of the
foundation that I wanted to try as well
so I got some other goodies and I am
excited to show you I think you guys are
gonna love it and I learned a lot the
girl in there was very informative I
can't wait to tell you what I learned
from her I'm excited to show you guys
all of the goodies that I bought today
and I'm also excited to tell you a
little bit about my Sephora experience
sometimes I leave Sephora feeling a
little not as welcome and sometimes I
leave Sephora and they are very nice and
helpful so today I went into Sephora and
I told the lady that was helping me that
I was looking for a primer and I wanted
to buy the Forever HD primer and she
told me that the primer for my skin
probably wasn't the best which is funny
because usually when I go in there
they're always pressuring me to get that
primer she said that the Forever HD
primer is for people with more oily skin
and I have dry skin so I probably would
not love that so she gave me a sample of
the Smashbox hydrating primer that she
just gave me a little sample so I'm
gonna try that it was just very glad
that she
honest with me and told me what I would
like better so that I wasn't wasting my
money or time on a product that wouldn't
work for my skin and they were out of
the consumer that I wanted as well I
want to be forever full coverage
concealer I didn't get that
unfortunately but she did help me find a
contouring powder
I bought the Sephora brand contouring
powder and she also was very helpful to
help me get this she told me about the
other contouring powders at Sephora are
around $30 and she told me that she
liked this specific one because it was
only 16 dollars so i swatched this on my
hand and i also swatch the hoola from
benefit they're contouring powder and it
looked the same so I stuck with the
cheaper one to Sephora name so we'll see
how that works out I also picked up the
Make Up For Ever finishing powder and I
haven't bought in powder in a long time
because usually I just wear the liquid
foundation and so I wanted to pick this
up for summer just to have some powder
on hand if I didn't want to do a full
face everyday I picked up number 117 and
this is what it looks like so I picked
that up and I'm really excited about
that I also picked up a Tarte blush I've
heard a lot of people rave about the
Tarte blushes and when I swatch it I
don't see how it's anything special but
when I got home I put I just tried it
real quick on my face and they are very
pigmented this is what the packaging
looks like and I think the packaging is
very cute and this is what the inside
looks like I got the blush called and
used so I'm excited to really get in
that and see how that works I got one
more thing at Sephora
I usually just stick with my Sigma
brushes my favorite brush from Sigma is
the F ad flat top kabuki I just used
this just to buff in my foundation so I
was looking for a brush to actually
contour with I think this brush maybe a
little too dense to do that this is the
pro flawless airbrush from Sephora it's
number 56 it is very dense and it would
be good to contour but maybe it's a
little too dense for that so maybe I'll
just use my other Sigma brush but this
may be good to really just do a really
good job of doing my foundation so we'll
see how that works out but I'm excited
for this I also went to the drugstore I
went to Walgreens to just pick up a
couple of products I have never had a
desire to use a BB cream BB creams
people go crazy over these and I don't
know why they are just a tinted
moisturizer and they named a BB cream so
I've never really wanted to get these
because I like a full coverage
foundation but when I was at Walgreens I
was bad
and i swatched this on the back of my
hand and this is this covers a lot here
is just what it looks like just a little
bit and like look like it is a lot of
coverage like I think it covers really
good I don't even know if you can tell
but but I just feel like it's thick and
it blends in very well and I think that
actually might give me some coverage
like my skin like back to back can you
tell that this has no nothing on it look
at that like this just looks very smooth
so I'm excited to try my very first BB
cream I also bought this for spring it
is the color tattoo from Maybelline and
it is in G emerald
and I'm excited to try this I just think
that would be such a fun spring color so
that'll be fun for spring I also from
Walgreens bought this it's just their
eyeliner and it's a nude and the reason
why I bought it in nude is because I
like to use a white eyeliner on my
waterline just to brighten up my eye
area and I think that sometimes the
white is a little too harsh so I will
use an eye shadow to go over it and so I
thought that buying the nude
wouldn't be so harsh so I just bought
the nude nothing special but I'm excited
to do that I also bought a lipstick from
Walgreens and I am very set on Revlon
lipsticks
I don't stray away from Revlon because
they're cheap and they work and they're
nice quality so I have a lot of just
Revlon lipsticks you know I probably
have like 10 or so Revlon lipsticks and
they work and I like them so I wanted to
maybe try a different lipstick this is
from this is from Rimmel and this is
just their this is just their lipstick
and this is a number 103 and it looks
like a really pretty color it's just
very a fun color for summer so I'm gonna
try that but I paid around 10 dollars
for this when Revlon lipsticks are
around five I probably will still stick
with Revlon in the future I just wanted
to give this a try and see what I
thought I hope you guys liked my haul I
had a ton of fun shopping today I got
some things that I wasn't thinking of
buying but they were out of the things
that I wanted so I bought a couple of
fun products thanks for watching bye
