okay Ellie we're here what do you think
gun and excite you wanna I think get out
before we get in there I don't know look
at all the papers we had to fill out
yeah there's like 30 pages right there
that we had to fill out before we got in
there all the information that they need
from previous doctors pretty exciting
let's let's go do it
see if we can get a baby on the way
ha
this room was full a minute ago and
we're the only ones here now watching
Winnie the Pooh yeah there we go
normally what happens when you have a
regular auditor cycle so you have a
little pulse that comes in your brain
and the hormones called FSH or follicle
stimulating hormone so what that does is
that basically jumpstart to your ovary
and month and so you're over your spouse
about creating actually not just one egg
but a whole little batch of eggs will
start to grow and then one of those eggs
will be the rest of the pack and that
will be the one that you end up
ovulating and the rest of those legs
that started to grow inside your ovary
will just kind of die off for that one
so that's what's supposed to happen and
I think it sounds like based on what
you've told me that you are doing that
to some degree but there may be
something that's kind of blocking that
and we always like to kind of rule out
big bad things like a thyroid problem or
a problem with prolactin and it looks
like your OB actually did a pretty good
job of making sure that that was not the
case so the other thing that was
probably the very most common reason
that women don't ovulate quite as
regularly as they should something
called polycystic ovary syndrome yeah
and does anybody ever told you that you
have that not really so I'm part of that
but I remember a bit before so it may be
the case that you have this Kaling you
just met with a doctor and we got some
pretty information when you think about
it I am very excited what did they tell
you um next month we'll be doing
insemination with more medication for
more is that what they said I was gonna
Tamara yeah so they're very excited and
things are kind of moved a lot of
quicker huh yes did an ultrasound them
and we're
bloodwork done today so yeah moving
faster here definitely hmm what do we
have here Oh looks comfortable you have
your pants off
what are you thinking get an ultrasound
we're over here oh this is gonna be hot
Sivan from up there so that's where the
egg should be yeah
is there any eggs in there yeah I can
see we're right here see that black
thing out there so that may be where you
you our cycle day what today it's
starting from the day of my cycle 10 11
12 13 14 like 16 days okay if you start
the first day in my period okay so I
mean it looks like you do actually have
a follicle grown yeah which means a
mature a bigger egg uh-huh then the rest
of them because you can see that inside
the ovary and then you can see other
little tiny like little more oh yeah
that's kind of like chocolate chips
instead of chocolate chip cookie yeah
yeah that one's bigger
yeah so that's probably what was that
big ones I think I believe it's me that
you're gonna ovulate this month do I
have like even all I haven't gone down
yeah I have
so I still have a chance to get pregnant
absolutely yeah and then it's cuz you're
ever over but it's probably going to be
a little while because it still looks
looks like it's going to be like several
more days before you really so tiny
that's weird because she just has the
positive ovulation test on Sunday it
could be just some time of the week you
know women that have if you have
polycystic ovary syndrome which I'm kind
of suspicious that you do that can
sometimes lead to false positives on the
ovulation Bowl so I'm a little bit
concerned that maybe sometimes when you
are detecting those positives that you
may not truly be ovulating well not to
like that's how to talk to my other
doctor about I said I said even though
I'm getting an ovulation test how do you
know I'm ovulating she said really it's
a positive I said well you get positive
pregnancy tests all the time you don't
know it's true because first I'll have a
good strong egg there you do yeah okay
what else would get on it and you have
see this over you can see a little bit
better this is your left ovary yeah
light blue black spots yeah you can see
a little easier on the side so there's
eggs over the others eggs on this one
too lots of them so I can see this so do
you have good eggs
oh definitely yeah I love these little
black spots are actually all kind of
running together on the periphery of the
ovary yeah that is a very classic
polycystic ovary so it kind of does to
me look like you have a polycystic ovary
syndrome okay so say what you said again
I wasn't listening okay yeah these
little black box
yeah those are all the little follicles
and they're all kind of lined up on the
periphery of the ovary can you guys see
that yes on the edge of the ovary like
we call it a string of pearls around the
edge and that's kind of a classic
polycystic ovary meaning that you have
all these tiny little follicles on the
periphery and they get to a certain
point in development
and we have a hard time on living you
will have to educate you on it because
what I've read and what I think it is is
there are since that are in your ovaries
those are the little follicles we're
seeing so follicles are they're the same
thing but this makes it so much worse
this this sounds pathologic but cysts
are just little healthy eggs that are
getting to a certain stage of
development and then they're not
ovulating okay so really even though
this sounds bad okay because the fact we
have so many of those little
quote-unquote cysts which we don't like
to call system level of follicles
because they're really healthy eggs so
what heywhat polycystic ovarian is is
there's actually a lots and lots of eggs
in your ovaries that are just sitting
there waiting to ovulate and they get to
a certain point in development and they
cannot get out and why not that's part
of the whole pathology of you're going
to have PCOS they have those slightly
higher levels of testosterone kind of
blocked that normal ovulatory process so
but i still think that you may be still
ovulating here and there you know it's
someone with a half pc might still
ovulating just don't ovulate like that
on the clock so it kind of done that's
okay yeah they make sense it all yep
yeah no yeah it's just an endo crumbing
you can think of it as a hormone
imbalance that you're just sort of
affecting your ability to recruit an egg
at the right time in the month so most
like really reason what you haven't
gotten pregnant if there's a hormone or
balance and I have more follicles than
normal you have more follicles than
normal so from a fertility standpoint
it's actually a good thing because it
means you got lots of eggs so you will
get there yeah we just kind of need to
do a little more monitoring to make sure
that you are truly ovulating when we
think you are because sometimes a moment
have PCOS because of that hormone about
this those ovulation predictor kits do
not work as well yeah so I am so excited
we're going to get to that this is more
information that we've had in two years
so it's like it's really encouraging
really excited thank you oh my god
physically here it's a pity you're here
now you're yeah you have lots and
they're going to get to it so I think
you just need to do a little more
monitoring I'm going to switch you to
the Samara okay and then we're going to
add the insemination in the immature
blood rounds happening today getting
started okay well keep my fingers
crossed for you hey it's not even just
in case you know me so excited this is
encouraging isn't it great I'm excited
to go this is gonna be great it's gonna
be really good
what we could have two cancer's yeah
more answers in one day did you hear it
in three years so this is great love you
let's go put on your pants Oh
probably the farm
do hair whatever one is gonna hear gonna
move blasts probably you're coming
through just fine anything in the world
I'm so sorry I shouldn't be such a it's
fine I'm it's just a shot it's just a
little prayer I'm used to it have you
ever had anyone pass out yeah
I'm leaving
just one free kiss point
because I have good blood do any model
we don't even know much it be not that
important you don't mean that much to us
