hey guys my name is Jared and this is my
wife Ellie what we want to do is start
putting out some videos documenting this
event in our life that we've kind of
been experiencing over the past three
and a half years we've been trying to
have kids and kind of found out that
there's been some things going on and
we'd like to share and start this video
process and kind of document everything
and share it with you guys if you guys
do have any questions or anything like
that we have been married for three and
a half years and we have been trying for
two and a half years our first year of
marriage we did nothing we use very
little contraception yeah I'm gonna try
to prevent no and we have always wanted
kids we've talked about kids from day
one and our first year of marriage we
talked as if we had kids we would always
use you know scenarios of kids to this
day we still do and yeah like what we
what we would do if we had kids right
now how we would react to different
situations at the store things like that
very excited to have kids and so you
know after a year of somewhat trying to
not have kids we decided to try and I
have always been very irregular with
periods
I will go several months without one I
will go maybe every eight weeks and have
a period you know so that was kind of we
thought maybe it might be kind of hard
to try and get pregnant at first so we
started trying at the year mark we tried
for a year we never used any sort of
ovulation test during this year we just
tried to time it yeah based on you know
what I knew through school and you know
I studied science at school so I knew
you know exactly when the best time was
to conceive and then try to use that to
the best of our knowledge make sure we
knew what to do and when to do it and
through that fleurs it literally what
that's naughty Ellie anyway this video
is about that
so because okay um so throughout that
year it was kind of frustrating because
you know we've been trying and we were
kind of hitting these dates that we knew
you know and we had a year without any
success
so during that year of course people
around us got pregnant we didn't think
anything of it it was great you know we
were having fun just maybe hoping to get
a baby and so after the Year mark we
were recommended to go to an ob/gyn the
very first day we walked in we walked
out with a prescription of clomid and
that's about it
yeah and doctors to us know best so we
agree with him if he advised us to do
clomid we were happy to do it and there
was no ultrasound there was no semen
analysis just here's five months of
clomid here you go try it out see how
things go but we were kind of expecting
with how long we've been trying that we
see right away what was going on if
there was anything wrong with me or with
with Ellie as far as why we were getting
pregnant so we started the clomid and
from what I've read and from what I've
experienced the more you take clomid the
more the side-effects come out and about
three months and two clomid it was it
was brutal my emotions were very up and
down I you know I'm - and I even hate to
say that because I used to always think
that that was just people using an
excuse to be angry or happy but it took
a toll on my mental and physical
well-being I you know the hot flashes
were horrible I just I remember laying
on my kitchen floor just crying because
they just were so bad I would go to work
and I would you know sweat my makeup off
I just was so yeah miserable it
definitely took an emotional and
physical toll on Ellie but you know we
wanted that kid so bad so we were
and we you know we went through those
trials or Ellie did anyway I didn't I
didn't have that that takes two so we're
both it was a hard time so we took the
five months of clomid then we went back
to our doctor he suggested that I get an
HSG exam they were going to check my
tubes to make sure that there was no
blockage that was interesting it was
painful very painful they put dye and
into my University yeah into the tubes
and yes and it just it was it makes you
very crampy it just it was not fun it
was not pick it was very painful you
were a trouper though you did really
good I was proud of you
so after we got that done results came
back positive everything looked fine in
always tubes the fluid came in and went
through just fine and during this point
we were the ones that were taking charge
I was very persistent
um at calling and asking what's the next
step what's the next step um they just I
feel like it was a struggle you know we
want to do this like isn't this the next
step we would think that we would have
gotten the semen analysis day one and so
after the HSG they kind of just sent us
home so we had to be persistent to to
get all this stuff checked off our list
of why we are not pregnant so you know
going to the doctor they never really
recommended us to get those things done
we had to ask and it was kind of a trial
to do that to get you know answers and
to keep going forward instead of just
getting the the fertility drugs that
we've been getting for the past five
months
he gave me several more rounds several
more months of clomid and I took those
and then they did the semen analysis
those the results of that came back just
fine my boys can swim they sure can swim
he has a lot of them too so Jared was
three we're yes so so at this point I
have done seven months of clomid my
tubes are good Jared spur
is up to par and I still had more calm
and and my cupboard and I felt
personally that I should not take it
anymore at this point although I have
known has been research on my own and
questions of other people that I've
asked and I personally felt like I
should not take Columba Denny Moore not
only just because it's been so long but
it just had such an effect on you and
you know we weren't getting the results
that we thought we would have been yeah
up to this point I didn't want to
continue to take qualms head because I
have read everything and I've talked
with people and they had advised not to
exceed over five to six months of
plummeted it can cause this it can cause
issues if you take too much and so I
decided to not take the clomid anymore
so over the past two years you know we
did one year by ourselves where we
didn't have any fertility medicine it
was hard it was definitely hard seeing
the success that our families had
Ellie's sisters were all pregnant at the
same time except for her so we decided
that you know it was time to move on see
if there's something else that we could
do you know we spent two years trying to
get pregnant on our own and then with
drugs it was a really hard time for both
of us we just weren't getting the
results that we wanted and that we were
trying so hard for I mean we were you
know taking the ovulation test and
seeing the positive you know things like
that it was just really hard on us it we
were excited to see it and then we just
had disappointment we were excited and
we got disappointed over and over again
for months and months and months um
while we're going through this
experience a friend of mine asked me to
work on a project with him about kids
newborn babies and he asked me to write
a song and he kind of experienced what
we've kind of been going through and how
it would be to have a kid you know
raising a child having a new baby
getting pregnant the whole experience
like that that was hard for me to do
because of the experience that we've
been going through it was difficult to
write the words but also at the same
time I feel like it helped me a lot
because I could get
emotions on paper and kind of you know
list out the feelings that we had and
then you know transition that into the
positive experience that having a kid
has and how grateful we will be when we
do have a kid this thing has been a
learning experience I have learned
patience more than I ever thought that I
would I work at a salon and so I talk
with people all day every day and the
question always comes up do you have
kids do you want kids and so it's been a
good thing and it's been a bad thing
it's been a great thing because I have
met a lot of people that that have
helped answer questions that they have
gone through and I don't have many
people and my family that I have issues
with this so it's nice to find friends
and to find people that have experiences
like this that I can connect with so
that's been a great experience
you know the bad side of it is it really
hurts I don't think people realize how
hard it hurts to talk about and it
really affects you when you talk about
it every day and you can't have kids and
you want kids so bad that you know you
would give an arm and a leg and
sometimes in no situations we feel like
people don't people don't take for
granted what they do have when when
people are struggling so bad to have
what exactly what they do have and I
feel like my eyes have been opened I
feel like maybe maybe it's a blessing
that it has taken a while to get a baby
here because I feel like I am going to
be that much better of a mom and I feel
like we are going to be such good
parents because of the experience that
we've had and I feel like because my
eyes have been opened I am more aware
and I'm going to be more patient with my
kids and I'm going to be more loving we
have had many prayers at night to have a
baby sent our way and you know I can't
wait for the day that I'm throwing up
because because I'm really going to just
say a prayer that you know
we we can get a baby here you know how
grateful is gonna be the day that Ellie
has morning sickness because she's gonna
she's gonna be pregnant yeah you want
that so you just said this bar oh I'm
sorry we decided to go further with us
and see what else we could do after
about two years of trying that we would
go to a fertility specialist we thought
that if we went to a specialist that we
would maybe progress a little bit
further and faster and faster and so
last week we had our first doctor's
appointment with our specialist and we
went in and she asked us all of our
history at the end of telling her our
experience so far she told me that she
thought that I had PCOS which is
polycystic ovarian syndrome that was you
know the first time that PCOS had ever
come up in a conversation with a doctor
so kind of came as a surprise to us I
have heard about that I have read many
forums online about that I always kind
of skipped reading those of people that
have talked about them having PCOS I
never thought that it really applied to
me not that I thought that oh I just
don't have anything wrong but I did
think it applied to me because one of
the main issues with PCOS is obesity and
health issues and you know from what
I've read that's what I understood it to
be after talking to her about that she
decided to do our very first ultrasound
in two years of trying that very same
day the very same office visit we had an
ultrasound and indeed she was right
I have PCOS that is so far one of the
main reasons why we are not pregnant yet
and she saw that there was a really good
mature egg it was interesting to have
her show us that there was a good egg
because we had just taken ovulation
tests and we had a positive ovulation
test so we thought that oh we automated
why would there be a mature egg when
Ellie had just already ovulate
so the doctor kind of talked with us
about that and about PCOS and sometimes
you can get false positives with
ovulation tests and that kind of
answered our question from all these
many months ago why we why we are
getting positive ovulation tests in the
past they were false positives so after
the ultrasound that was one of the best
moments we've had it was it was
incredible and for multiple reasons one
we we finally got answers to our
questions that we have been asking
ourselves for two-and-a-half years we
finally got an answer to why you know
why is this taking so long what is going
on with us why can't we have a kid just
yet and up to this point we thought that
maybe nothing was wrong maybe it was
just timing maybe it was in God's hand
why we have not gotten pregnant and so
to hear an answer to a possibility of
why we're not pregnant it just it made
us feel at peace and that we could just
move forward now what we want to do is
kind of document this our ovulation
tests whether we get a positive
pregnancy test we know there are a lot
of people out there who you know aren't
going through the same struggle that we
have been going through for the past two
and a half years and we want to share
our experience that we have now with you
guys so that you guys can be informed of
it too and also that we can have a
personal documentation of this for our
kids you know when they do come that
they can see cross your fingers right so
they can see exactly you know how this
happened so we want to share with you
our journey how this all comes out we're
anxious to get started we're excited for
the new journey that's ahead we're going
to put the past two years behind us and
we are going to go forward with uplifted
spirits and we're excited
so our next video that we'll put up is
going to be us at our first doctor's
appointment with the fertility
specialists and we got some good footage
there I hope you guys enjoy it thanks
for watching see ya
