hello I'm doing my very first empties
video if you do not know what an empties
video is is it is where you collect the
products that you have used up and then
you can give a really good review on if
you would repurchase them or not
so I have a lot of products and I've
been saving up for a couple months now
so let's get started I have a lot like
like a whole bag full so you might want
to grab a treat let's start with my
shampoo and conditioner me and my
husband have both been using this and I
have had them for 10 months it lasted a
long time so it's my pure ology
hydrating shampoo and conditioner and I
have been using pure ology for years I
probably will buy it again but not
anytime soon I've been using my Moroccan
oil shampoo and conditioner and I've
been really loving that so I'm gonna
take a break with pure ology for a while
my next product is hair spray and this
is the bedhead masterpiece I love this
hair spray I love it because it is not
crunchy but it holds my hair I use this
at the salon I work with and everybody
loves the smell it's a very light scent
so it doesn't affect people that really
get irritated with strong smells so I
really love that my favorite favorite
lotion from Bath & Body Works and I have
heard that they are discontinuing it it
is the dark kiss scent and I love it and
I love it so much that I cut the top off
so that I could dig out the rest of the
product that was in there so
unfortunately I will not be repurchasing
it because they are discontinuing it
here is my skincare this is my
nourishing softener from Shiseido
I really have loved this I haven't used
it for a while I've been out
it and I've just held on to the bottle I
feel like it acts as a toner I feel like
most toners are drying on the skin and
this like it says it's a softener and so
I will repurchase it but now that I'm
getting into summer I don't feel like
I'm going to need it so maybe next
winter when I need it again I don't even
know if you can see this but I'll
repurchase it this is a little sample
size or a little travel size of the
purity um face cleanser from philosophy
I tried it and I think if you're a
person that will like a different face
wash in the morning than you do at night
you would really love this and it was
very soft and gentle on the skin but I
don't want to waste my time and effort
to find two different face washes to use
at night or the morning but if you're
one of those people this would be a
great face wash for in the morning this
is in no order here is my sense II sense
that I have been using
oh I even have another one this is the
pumpkin roll that I use clear October I
have saved these for a long time and
this is the home sweet home scent and
then this is like an off-brand scent
it's less spell but I just got Walmart I
have used up all of my senses on bricks
and I will not buy them ever again I
feel like if I go to the mall it's more
convenient to just get a candle and the
candle smells all the time like if the
candle has this much left it'll still
smell but the Scentsy products I feel
like they don't last very long and it's
too inconvenient to order them so I will
not be buying those again this is my
husband he is used as the tea tree
shampoo it's again just a little travel
sized one it's from Paul Mitchell I used
it to wash my makeup brushes with and I
really liked it and he used on his scalp
he's not really picky I just wanted to
see if he liked it and so it was a
really nice cleansing so if you feel
like your scalp is very
I and you have a lot of dandruff this
would be great for you with the tea tree
oil in it that would definitely help if
you have like scalp conditions I have
some Mac products a lot of nap products
that I have used up this is their fluid
line for eyeliner their Mac and it still
has product in there but it dried out
and I'm not really a fan of these
eyeliners I'd rather just take a pencil
and use it so it's dried up anyway so
I'm just going to get rid of it and I
have a couple other this is the Mac
mineralize skinfinish and this is just
the Studio Fix full coverage and I've
used up both of these and I'm kind of
over Mac I I'm kind of over it I'm not
gonna buy Mac products anymore I don't
think that they're worth the hype and
the money I'd rather go to Sephora I
feel like I've had better luck buying
Sephora makeup than Mac so sorry Mac I'm
done with you oh I even have one more
Mac this is the what does it call it the
base the this is that they're painterly
Paint Pots that you put underneath your
eyeshadow again they're still product in
there but it dried up so I'm not going
to repurchase those I feel like the
Maybelline tattoos they are the exact
same things you put it under your
eyeshadow and it makes your eyeshadow
stay on longer and not crease so I won't
waste my money on Mac products when I
can buy it really cheap at the drugstore
here are some more hair products that I
have I have used both of these products
at my salon and I get a discount on
products because I'm a licensed
cosmetologist so I get it a wholesale
cost I even for me the Moroccan oil
treatment is so expensive
even with my discount so I might buy it
in the future if I feel like splurging
but I'm not going to repurchase it any
time soon I feel like this is a great
product if you are really trying to grow
your hair out
you really need that extra moisture this
is a great product but I feel like the
Paul Mitchell super skinny serum would
be just as fine it's more
budget-friendly it works the same
hydrates it acts as a heat protectant so
I would probably repurchase this
actually I have repurchased this it's at
the salon now and it's in my cupboard
now so the Moroccan oil will just have
to wait for a special day this is my
last hair product again I use this at my
salon as well it's the bedhead
manipulator I have loved this my husband
uses it on his hair I use it on all my
little boys hair to spike I use on on
the women with shorter hair cuts if they
want it PC it's great for your bangs if
you want to like you know brush your
bangs back it'll hold your bangs without
the hairspray just mounting your hair
down this will just really like give a
nice flow to the hair and I don't even
know if I can show you because I am like
out but this is the texture I was able
to scrape up a little bit it's just kind
of like a sticky sticky paste so it's
great you could like put it in your
bangs and hold it over so I'll
repurchase this especially for out the
salon I have a ton of mascaras maybe not
a ton to be a ton um and I didn't like
any of them this is my favorite mascara
it's the it's from L'Oreal and it's the
voluminous million lashes this is by far
is that backward this is my favorite
mascara and I am using this now I tried
these in-between and I hated all of them
this is the same brand L'Oreal power
volume 24 it was nothing special and I
feel like the brush is just way too big
I think it's way too big so I do not
like that
again another L'Oreal one there was
nothing special about it that you may go
lanes from Maybelline literally
almost ruined my eyelashes the brush is
so rough and so hard and I am pretty
gentle at putting my mascara on but this
the brush oh it was way too hard I would
never recommend this to anyone that I'll
may get up and groan mascara the Emily
Noel here on YouTube she loves this I
actually hate the formula I feel like no
matter what I do I have black lines
above my eyes no matter what I do I just
it I do not like the formula this brush
though is amazing I have been lately
with my favorite mascara I will take the
wand off and I'll use this wand to apply
it I think this is the best makeup wand
mascara brush I've ever used this is the
great lash from Maybelline and I just
use this for my eyebrows I've used it
for years for my eyebrows I'll just take
the gel and kind of like brush my
eyebrows up I'll probably go get this
today I have used it for years I like it
it's cheap and it's convenient this is
my Revlon lipstick that I have gone
through it is champagne ice and I have
used all of it
this is by far my favorite lipstick I
have ever used that's not a very good
swatch but it is it's called champagne
on ice and it is just beautiful I feel
like it matches any look you wear it's
just very pretty soft lipstick and if
you're scared of wearing lipsticks this
is a great one to start out with okay my
last two products are you bored yet this
is my shadow skincare mask treatment
that I've used I didn't see anything
special with it I love the Shahzada
skincare line I will definitely continue
to use their face washes and lotions but
the mask I don't think was worth the
money it just I think there's better
things out there that I can
so I probably won't buy that again my
very last product this is the Maybelline
age rewind eraser and I actually bought
their age we rewind foundation I hate it
I hate it I probably am going to use it
up because I really don't want to waste
product so I'll probably use it like on
my days off work just to use it but I
don't see anything special with them I
feel like so many people rave about
these products and I just did not love
it so this is the dark circle eraser and
I have bought in the regular concealer
and I bought in the dark circle eraser I
feel like this is a great use instead of
using like as a concealer to use over
your concealer to brighten up the
under-eye area but if you're really
looking for like a bright under eye just
not to cover up circles you would
probably like this but I'm not gonna
repurchase it I feel like I feel like
I'd rather spend more money on something
that I'm really going to love so I will
not be buying this again and that is it
that is all of my empties I cannot wait
to go throw it in the trash can
I've been sick of seeing them lay around
I hope that that was kind of informative
for you of products that you might want
to buy and use there is quite a few that
I absolutely did not love I'm done with
Mac I don't like all the mascaras I got
but there's a lot of like haircare
products that I really loved and I would
repurchase so I hope this helped you out
thank you so much for watching have a
great day
