but what are you buying for me I know
something is fun
tell me excited Oh me tell you yeah well
I thought it'd be fun to get you a nice
little mirror some lights to go along
the side of it and a desk so you can do
your makeup in here make videos of it at
the same time cute I'm excited to set it
up I'm excited to set it up to die we're
gonna have love fun today okay let's go
get it all let's do it looks good I like
it looks kind of blurry I think it'll
work though it'll work I think she'll do
I'll work there will work because I'm
these guys so what do you just hope you
like what's all this no do me it's not
for plugging you have to wiring
I'm sure there is okay we just got back
from Home Depot and we ran into a
dilemma with our IKEA lighting so Jared
here is going to show us what we are
going to do to fix it was that our
vanity lights with the light bulbs in
here doesn't have the outlet it's for
you no actual wiring so what we're going
to do is just you know our regular
extension cord we already have it
stripped now this was we went to Home
Depot and they were so helpful they
stripped it themselves
and told us exactly what to do one thing
that we learned there is that there's
two sides to the wiring there's going to
be a bumpy side I don't know if you can
see them but there's bumpy and then
there's a smooth side bumpy goes to
white that's going to be your positive
and then the black is your negative
smooth science so smooth goes to black
right here and then bumpy goes to white
right there you can fill you may not see
it but you tell them coming straight
side right okay so I'm going to take
this off and this is bumpy right here
I'm basically going to just twist these
guys together
these are just little wire caps that you
can put on basically just choose the
wire together and keeps it in one spot
and they just gave us those they just
throw a handful in our bag they're very
helpful and we'll tape it make sure it
stays there this is electrical tape that
you can get pretty much anywhere so now
I'll do it the same thing on the black
end and what I'm hoping is that we have
enough wiring here to make it really
work let's see actually
hopefully no one will even see it other
than everyone who's watching the video
but okay
that was pretty easy right guys now
let's go plug some lamps in and see if
it works okay all right guys once you
have the vanity strip all set I'm ready
to go with the the wiring and everything
you can go ahead and bulbs in and if by
everything works it should line up Oh My
heavens the Betsy I think Brad is very
brave and these are just 40 watt bulbs
that we got if you notice here the
socket and these are a little bit
smaller than your normal ball normal
bulbs very very small and we got just
normal light bulbs that you put in say
like you know light up there but yeah so
it's we thought it was kind of
interesting that these sockets were in
this vanity so make sure you get the
right bulbs don't make the mistake that
we did having to go to the store three
or four times to make everything you can
try to get everything right okay so we
are going to get this wired and all
ready to go and then we'll move on to
the next step for excited so we just put
on these those commands sticky things on
to the mirror you can kind of see the
little white thing right there and and
now we're just going to put the mirror
against a sticky thing to hold the
lights in and these things hold quite a
bit of weight it's like at least a pound
per sticky thing so throw a couple on
there can hold up a couple pounds most
of the weight is actually supported by
the table this kind of just keeps it
yeah so these are really great for that
okay we just finished putting these
lights on and they are pretty sturdy
George just holding the last one just
kind of counted out I think that looks
really good and when the lights are on
that's gonna be so crisp just wait a
couple more seconds yeah see if my
electrical work is actually
working yes I'm gonna try okay we have
the mirror on we've got the lights on we
are going to see if our home depot
electrical wiring is working yes so
without further ado and everyone cross
your fingers can we get a drum roll
please
three two one
there that looks good that looks so good
look how good this looks I love it
okay we got to get my stuff on it and
we'll show you the finished product
all right so we have our ikea
do-it-yourself vanity set all done we
finally have our bulbs we attached it to
our mirror and I think that that turned
out really well and then on top of the
desk I have a little mirror over here
and then I have some of my makeup
brushes and some of my makeup that I use
everyday right here and when I wash my
brushes here's some of my guard holders
I think those work really well and then
I have some perfume right here and then
I have my little candle right here
that's on a cute little dish and then
under here for now I have this jewelry
box that is usually on the floor anyway
in my closet and I thought it would be
okay here for now to cover up some of
those ugly cords and then over here I
have just a little bit of makeup for now
and then over here I have some of my
hair products I hope you guys like this
IKEA little vanity set that me and my
husband put together I will talk to you
soon
