you ready to see Calvin yeah for certain
that name right we're going on this boat
yeah dang look at the size of that
well we made our first venture into
fishing and I think we did pretty well
Gary I think is in the commanding lead
in terms of size of fish like two giant
fish and a stingray and I think natives
caught the most probably so dad when are
you gonna show us how it's done now
that's what I'm talking about dad I told
you when are you gonna show us how it's
done and this is what you pull out two
on one
that's amazing dad good morning
everybody we only have two more days
here so we are going to soak up the Sun
the family's coming down we are all
gonna head to the beach this has been
the best beach vacation ever family food
and seashells
this is such a sweet picture all the
mommies are talking and all the babies
and kids are playing buildin holes
building sandcastles are you building
some castles where you gonna build it
well that's a good spot whoa that looks
pretty good
I'm gonna get the hang of it
kay Jackson antonella's making you an
octopus what do you think
it's great I have got to keep Calvin
away from everyone he is destruction see
it a sin look at that you're one
wait wait wait till mom gets up it's
cracked you ready to see Calvin yeah
they are
we have never really written down like
places that we want to visit and check
it off but we are totally going to make
a list when we get home places that we
want to visit and check it off because I
totally want to go to so many more
places in the Gulf on the coast and I
want to be on the ocean so we need to
make a checklist of places we want to go
bucket list we're going to the other
lighthouse boys are asleep we're getting
a shut-eye here and there as we're
driving I do my best sleeping while I
drink and we'll be there in a little bit
this is the cool lighthouse because the
kids can actually go up in this one too
so we're gonna go to the top and see the
whole area yeah look at some houses yeah
buddy
are you ready buddy that was the most
tired yeah in the world our boys are so
stinking cute do you see it there it is
it is way tall I love this because the
environment is just so different from
the other one look at all the trees it's
so gorgeous out here it's like growing
awesomeness oh that might be fun but I
think that's what that rope is for to
keep us from climbing on it well this is
quite the view Jarrod just went to go
get some money because you have to have
cash for it so we're just sitting here
waiting and this is our view so we're
gonna just stare at the lighthouse hang
out in the shade it's just so peaceful
here huh so quiet you can hear the birds
just watching everybody there's a little
shop someone actually lives there all
right
we're already making our way up okay
Jackson you want to know what's cool
this is the same exact building
style as the one we went to last time
it's gonna look the exact same
214 steps to go are you looking down
don't you know that's the number one
rule of climbing stairs don't look down
look bud
look at that
we honor you see that
Pantin yeah I'm out of breath oh my god
what do you think of that you don't only
dad Judith I have a little looking down
that's a little
hey Calvin I've got a surprise for you
when we come outside we're gonna get
something from someone very special can
I run this place ready about Snickers
yeah did you climb all the way good for
you here you are one for pop yeah one
time baby perfect thank you there we go
step right up
thank you John here Calvin look good job
is that cool yeah you don't have to do
much to get that sticker did ya check
some where's your sticker that's a cool
spot for your sticker maybe on your
shirt there you go you got your sticker
and we just climbed to the very top you
went all the way up there bud do you get
your sticker
show me your sticker take stickers go to
the face-to-face
gotcha look at this this is incredible
you can what do you think so one of the
coolest parts about our fishing trip is
that our captain actually had some crab
pots out on the sound he gave all of the
crabs to us so we just had this giant
crab feast and it was delicious it was
amazing and now we're finishing off our
evening with some popcorn
wasn't enough no the thing about eating
crabs is like it's so much work for so
little
so little meat but apparently everyone
was saying like oh it's for the social
environment and I think we I think we
kept up on that that we did have social
activity lecture lobster I've come a
long ways yeah I think I have to seafood
was not my forte but I like it a lot
being in Seattle helped it did the name
of the game is Ted Bundy Alvin spongebob
Harry Potter dr. pepper then nine that
have been the most I think Gary won that
so we'll see
I think Gary's on our team which is a
great oh okay well let's see if you can
do ten ready set go
Tesla yeah there we go
Clark Kent pretty girl on friends pretty
girl on friends
Oh cartoon yep how many didn't get it
one two three four five six seven eight
oh
close no there's a fireplace in here and
I just realized that our kids took over
their bed our Jackson took over our bed
so we're in this room yeah luckily
there's an extra room and we're gonna
sleep in here tonight because we don't
want to have to sleep with another kid
for as long as we can for maybe like two
more hours
why not sleep in the room at the
fireplace it'll be romantic okay
that was gonna be it from us tonight
guys thank you so much for watching if
you try to give it a big thumbs up if
you do this channel hit that subscribe
button which is a new YouTube layout
make sure you hit the subscribe button
or find it we'll see you guys tomorrow
thanks for watching before he wakes up
good boy Oh
