Oh Ellie I have a feeling this is a
good morning guys it is a beautiful day
today and I'm hanging out with my two
little boys hey Jackson you've got some
batteries hey Calvin how's it going we
are gonna do something fun today
so mom is out with all the other girls
and they're giving some pedicures and I
think they might go to lunch I'm not
sure yet but they're having some fun and
I thought it would be a fun opportunity
for us boys to build this car okay we've
got all these pieces we've got screws
we've got a drill and we've got to put
this car together to make it look so
good let's do it do you want to build it
with me Calvin so the first things first
we need to put batteries in this drill
so it'll actually work and we can screw
the wheels on and everything like that
but there's an issue we don't have a
screwdriver to open up and put the
batteries inside of it so we're
improvising and I've grabbed I've
grabbed a bottle opener that they do
have here and I'm gonna see if I can get
that to work to open this up
kay Jackson I need two batteries what do
you think yeah we gotta put it back in
there Jackson you drill one couch there
you go there's one yeah good job good
job
yeah you did it we've got all four
wheels driving around to give it a spin
yeah give me your best car sound Jackson
Calvin give me your best car sound that
was a good one now this is just your
average normal blue convertible car
we're gonna take it to the next level
Calvin
should we put the body kit on
here it is boys it's all done rip up
that engine was that so fun Jackson did
you have fun building it good Calvin did
you have fun building it yeah oh my gosh
it lights up do you see that
oh he built that he built that yeah is
that so cool I didn't even know what did
that how cool is that he is so excited
yeah he is yeah it was a lot of fun to
build got my toesies down your feet yes
oh they look so pretty in sky blue what
you get done whoa those are so cool
Hallie Ellie I'm a feeling this is a
sway fun this is a cue fart we're
pretending to be in the space program
okay and this is the the acceleration
test we're gonna spin you as fast as you
can you have to hold your guts in okay
that's good
what do you think is it making you dizzy
yeah oh are you oh you want to stand
you're taking it to the next level
another something completely different I
hope you guys enjoyed that little
impromptu song that we just made I
really have no idea how it's gonna turn
out until I edit it so if it was bad
sorry if it was awesome
hey thumbs up but now we're going to do
something very special this is something
that's been on Ellie's bucket list for
years and years and years and I'm so
excited to take her there and I want you
guys to come with us this is gonna be
fun and I don't know it's if it's been
years and years maybe just like a year
let's see I don't know I've always
wanted to go to one ready dad just gave
you a pep talk he said we're going
somewhere special and I want you to be
good
you
I see and it's and oh my gosh it's so
beautiful I have been dying to see a
lighthouse and actually go up I don't
know if we can go ah some people out
there so I'm hoping we can we'll go live
but this is so stunning oh I'm so glad
we could do this what a unique bucket
list item like a lighthouse but I think
it is like it's so beautiful like it's
cool
all right so here is the plant little
kids cannot go up now adults can so we
are not going to go up it today but
there's another one that's really far
away that we're gonna go tomorrow and
little kids can go in now
Tucson's little Bund so am i a little we
will go tomorrow to another one and go
inside of it but this is so beautiful to
sit outside and look at Calvin's missing
the is zonked so cool Jackson what do
you think of it Jackson they're gonna
let us go in the building we can't go
all the way up the stairs but we can
peek inside is that cool
come on up
oh wow luck checks and he's letting us
go up yeah it's gorgeous
the Bison they would crank it up the
chain with so you put like a grandfather
okay they pull the waiter and then they
would ask for
and excess chain with the school up in
here right in here
Wow that's so cool
well that made our day that was so nice
of them but I come in at the bottom left
the kids look around this floor it's
beautiful it's beautiful in here
I thought oh wait we looked all the way
up and it was so cool in there we'll go
again and we'll go all the way up to the
top on another one was that fun buddy
did you like yeah dad was disappointed
to see that sign one of the comments
that we received the most while we've
been here on our trip is Jared will you
introduce your family well we have a
video on my personal channel that goes
through the entire family so I'm gonna
have that linked in the description down
below we do like a Q&A it's fun we
introduce you to the whole family we
have everyone here except my brother
Matt and his family my brother Ryan and
his family they couldn't make it but
everyone else in the video that I'll
have in the description down below
is here and my sister Melanie who you'll
learn about in that video is actually in
charge of dinner tonight and we're doing
a luau which i think is pretty fun
melody has made this awesome dinner and
luau everybody is putting their skirts
on thanks melody let's get we're getting
all the food out and Calvin and Jackson
were the first to be very ungrateful for
their skirts rip their skirts right off
you want me to wear one their hula hips
these hips were made for hula
ooh look at that booty I mean who - she
and I believe you're beautiful give me
the Paradise float I need an umbrella
believe it or not they don't protect
against the rain not well thank you
nice Nellie you got to play off of that
no no no no no no no stay there I'm
rollin I'm gonna roll these two I'm
gonna stay all right guys that's where
we're gonna end the vlog we are playing
a Farkle right now and Mel and I are
moving and Hans and patience for last
place
oh I might ahead of Mel awesome it's
okay
where did we're hanging out and behind
everyone else thank you guys for
watching the video if you enjoyed it
give it a thumbs up and we will see you
guys next time bye
