Kelvin you seem to be enjoying yours a
lot in fact your clothes are enjoying it
too check some what flavor did you get
yeah is so good good morning guys we
have some good news we thought that
Tuesday today the storm would be much
worse than it was yesterday we woke up
we checked the weather and it is
actually a lot better so that's great
news everyone is outside because the
pool is super warm so we're gonna start
off our day and we're gonna go
so you guys know this is like the second
time I've ever seen mom and a hot date
oh cool yeah no no it's not even not
even one bit in his volleyball in the
rain
out of all the places that has been
recommended to us of things that we
should do or places that we should go
the aquarium was number one we got the
most recommendations to go there so we
did and it was crazy busy it was there
were so many people there the line
looked like it was three hours long so
instead of going to that first we're
going to try and find a Lost Colony
from the 1600s
it's closed
that's so crazy first place was way too
busy this place is closed due to
inclement weather
we can't even explore the Lost Colony of
Roanoke Island
sorry Calvin you woke up at the absolute
worst time so I think we'll take a
couple pictures and maybe we'll get some
ice cream that sounds great
places are closed but that's okay we
took the opportunity to take a bunch of
cute pictures of everybody with all the
pretty flowers this area is so pretty I
can't get over there pink trees here all
of those type of trees I want them in
our yard so pretty
or just here and that thing that says
one thing I miss about Utah is how green
and those Utah trees like not Utah sorry
I want you to have to be like yeah I
wanted to be green and have trees and be
luscious it is a desert
yeah the desert nothing a little ice
cream can't fix hum boys Kelvin you seem
to be enjoying yours a lot in fact your
clothes are enjoying it too check some
what flavor did you get yeah so good
all right ready you're - out
people are out there swimming k she walk
out love it
we walk out in them the water gets high
we turn her head and then I look for
seashells o is left over
yet
dad you're looking an extra short today
that was a good one I think it's about
time we size you up that
you're way down in there now kidding
that finally happened only he would take
the time to do that tonight we just had
a Lowe's Anya for dinner tonight
looking for the kids because he's just
about time for bed
round two of sleeping together at this
time they decided to sleep on each end
last night how did you do Kiki you're
kicking yeah they always laugh and play
it forever until then we get really
upset we say gar bad huh yes who knew
that the bachelor in paradise ran two
nights in a row I didn't but I guess
that's a normal thing so that's what
everyone is doing right here but during
the commercials were doing the exciting
thing as we're playing heads up it's one
of our favorite family games to play so
shall we continue with round three Ross
and Rachel when they're about to break
up they're gonna get back to the desert
yeah
this is Rachel sister she comes in for
Thanksgiving one year it's the actresses
name nope yes yes Oh what
there's a bunch of like Oh Michigan yeah
we're supposed to talk to me oh don't
you know the girls do have the roses and
Dean as being a major tool I really
liked him on come on Dean get with it
yeah so I am on the very top floor of
the house and I hear these kids
downstairs it's pretty late at night so
let's go talk to her okay guys here's
the deal I know I'm your favorite uncle
because I hooked up Mario Kart up here
for you guys but just remember we got to
be a bit quieter okay who's winning
who's in second nice job of oh nice job
have fun guys you heard yeah that's just
what we did we just played a fun game
and now it is time for us to go to bed
it's also been moved so we need the
glass panes yeah so we've had a crazy
crazy wind these glass panes you can
literally see them like flex it's that
windy we lost a flamingo it's a tall
doll thing I flew over the fence and my
hat fell off go in the description down
below we've got a couple links that
Ellie and I have made donations to for
the hurricane in Texas the relief funds
and that sort of thing we're also
wanting to go a little bit further you
know we want to make sure that
everyone's taking care of it there's not
a lot of things that kids have access to
so if anyone knows any of like places
that specifically kids can have
donations to or relief to you know
whether it's like kits or something like
that we'd love to help out well Jared
found a website for
diapers but I would like to make some
kits at home Anson and a lot of people
on Twitter are saying like that people
need to buy clothes and my phone hygiene
products and stuff up it's like well
where do I send those kits just anyone
has any information that would be
greatly appreciated yes tweet us
Instagram us let us know in the comments
down below thank you guys for watching
and we will see you guys tomorrow hope
you're staying safe in Texas have a
great night
