good morning guys it is a beautiful day
another day by the beach it's wonderful
and we're having breakfast today I can
smell it it smells delicious
we kind of trade off meals every family
does a different meal and today the kids
are making the meal and we are having
waffles and sausage and bacon and toast
Oh even even strawberries Jackson did
you pick some fresh strawberries for us
good thank you so much it looks so good
I think mommy should take a bite right
now okay ready 1 2 oh can you believe
she oh it was the ghetto girl that's
right Jackson we don't eat play-doh dewy
but really what are you making Jackson
and maybe no you're using the roller to
make something mama made a breakfast
we're eating some toast what are you
making sister girl
pie for dinner Wow sounds fun this is
cute I got this so it would give
something kid something to play with
so there's balls there's toast and
pancakes
here's a question for the day pancakes
or waffles what do you prefer we've
never had a lawful machine and eight
years even though it's pancakes but I do
love waffles oh and if the weights come
up to you what are you gonna do yeah
that'll tell them we're gonna get ready
to walk down there
the ways are roaring you guys adding our
spoils to the collection look at how
many seashells you found Jackson I'm so
impressed how awesome is that
yes you do we've got to consolidate
don't we
the boys are watching the vlog and it's
just so sweet like it makes me emotional
just seeing Jackson and Calvin growing
or developing like Jackson and wanting
to explore and learn about the
surroundings and environment just that's
very special to you and that's I think
that's one of the coolest parts about
having kids and seeing them grow is
watching them want to learn and reach
any and explore themselves like that's
the coolest thing to me and seeing them
look at that it's just so stark it's
windy like let's just not and then we
were like oh will put Jackson to bed -
yeah but we filmed it and we had Jack's
apartment yeah it was really special I
think one of the strangest feelings that
we can have don't think that something
terrible is going on somewhere else
all of these terrible
floodings the hurricane everything
that's going on their vacation and that
just feels strange our hearts and minds
are definitely going out to those who
are suffering in Texas because they're
staying safe we're hoping that
everything is knowing the best that it
can for you guys in the meantime with
that we've noticed that the weather here
is are gonna take a turn for the worse
the waves behind me are really really
really we just checked the weather we've
been kind of following it along the past
couple days and there's a tropical storm
coming there's a storm coming up here
they just upgraded it from lunch to a
warning so we're actually going to the
store today to pick up a few things just
in case something happened
we had a bunch of us at the grocery
store getting different supplies for the
next few days we just need to go into
the grocery store and grabbed a couple
things just in case but apparently right
now we have winds that are between 30
and 40 miles per hour the gusts up to 60
miles per hour and tomorrow is supposed
to be worse tomorrow supposed to be the
if there is a tropical storm that's when
it's supposed to be like the heat of the
storm but I'm looking outside and these
waves are just in sane right now they're
so huge and the wind is just blowing
like crazy
it's time dunah dunah dunah tonight mom
and dad are in charge of dinner and they
have created an amazing concoction a
delicious flavor called Jennifer were
you trying to vlog mommy Ellie just did
Jennifer's hair how do you think what do
you what do you think how do you look
what's something like that what do you
think Jen good yes when it gets dark
outside the crabs will come back out and
then maybe you're not tonight or
tomorrow but maybe after that because we
have a tropical storm I don't think it's
gonna be too terrible someone from South
Carolina just tweeted me and said
they're going through it right now and
it's just lots and lots of rain so
hopefully doesn't get too much worse
than that maybe we can go look at the
kids are finally asleep
thank you so much for making dinner it
was delicious mom um where is everyone
there's like no one up here bachelor oh
geez
in the basement who the movie room I
don't even believe this
we are leaking look at this like I'm all
over this is like look all that is
sopping wet what are we gonna do well
the guys oh my gosh probably put some
towels or something yeah hey it's a
party in here
here's your phone charger this is where
everyone is
hey are you a bachelor in paradise fan I
brought goldfish and dr. pepper yes and
whoa look at all these money buddies who
made these yeah well that was a very
riveting episode of bachelor in paradise
I think I fell asleep I believe but mom
and dad actually joined us for the party
actually watch outside the last 15
minutes of it it was a bright
entertaining good tears and kissing and
and that's what sells in America this
video is gonna get 1 million views
though but actually a cool thing that
we're doing tonight is dad has a lot of
old movies from when he was a kid that
his dad and his mom filmed and he had
them digitized so we've got the whole
family here dad has laptop hooked up to
the big screen in the theater room and
we are going to watch home movies of my
dad when he was a kid yeah yes okay
we'll do the same yeah that's cool so
these are like these are like your vlogs
yep that's your car right there
yeah and you had a Volkswagen bug it's
true what color was it a cross between
toenail yellow and it's not great but
okay it's not green slug bug nose blood
yeah
this is where it all began I remember
because this guitar was incredibly cheap
just go here we go that's mom and dad
Hey look at you guys
the hats out you you know what's funny
about looking at that footage for my
parents is that's one of the biggest
reasons why we started this vlog is I
have never heard my grandpa's voice and
I've always wanted to do that and so
I've always wanted my kids to hear my
dad's voice because I never wanted them
to not hear that or to not know what his
music sounded like and all of those
things so capturing these memories are
so important to us and why like I have
such like a nostalgic feeling for the
future if that makes sense I want my
kids that feel good you know so grandma
ours is different because we do share
openly yeah but I am still very glad we
do that we have been able to experience
something very special as a family we've
been able to do some cool things I feel
like we've been able to be a part of
some very special things that have
helped other people yeah and I love that
we do what we do and sometimes I get a
little nervous still sometimes I feel a
little judged by maybe friends or you
know like it's a nerve-wracking thing to
do openly but at the end of the day I
love what I'm doing and I'm very content
iein glad that we're able to do this
absolutely being my family into pictures
and videos to Miriam like this yeah
because Ryan my brother Ryan was just a
little baby during all Ryan yes you were
cute once like Jared's dad looked
identical there was one scene when dad
was in high school but I was just like
oh my gosh that looks just like me that
was cool that was I would loved it and
that's kind of a little kind of a little
weird too yeah I think I look just like
my mom mm-hmm yeah especially as kids
like you and your mom as babies look
identical it was fun yeah so but that's
it thank you guys so much for watching
the video today if you enjoyed it give
it a thumbs up we're gonna break this
storm and get soaked with the rain
tomorrow and hopefully have a lot of fun
tomorrow I'll be an inside day
yeah thanks for watching
