good morning my family we have our life
jackets we have our buckets we even have
some of our cousins but they have to go
back and grab a life jacket we're on our
way not to play in the water what else
thanks to give me a sexy bottle close
look at this one guys but that little
animal you still have in there it's not
cool try it would you tomorrow yeah
we'll have to find bigger ones huh okay
okay I found more in my bag huh
I wanted to show you this one this one I
found for Jackson so like an arrowhead
sure and this is the biggest one I found
but those are the ones I found I thought
they were so pretty that wait till go
home and put them in a cute little jars
yeah
so as soon as we got in from the ocean
we had a quick lunch break got our
energy back up and now we're getting
ready to go out into the pool and I feel
like that's a pretty good indication of
how our trip is going to go play rest
eat play rest eat repeat I'm blowing up
this this giant inflatable donut
okay here's the contest we have this
Diane fladeboe ball and we're gonna see
how long we can each sit on top of it
without falling in the water
you know you have had a fun day in the
Sun when you're almost four-year-old
takes enough on you I came inside and
Jackson laid on me and they said close
your eyes for a minute and we took a nap
together despite his little grumpy face
he really was happy if I put the emojis
with the puppy-dog ears in it would you
smile yes I know you would he said I
loved snuggling with you well good
morning Calvin are you busting out the
dog I pulled out he's like I'm a puppy
he slept for what three hours something
like that that was crazy
I think Jackson's favorite thing to do
is look for seashells he's been begging
us since he woke up from his nap to come
out to the beach and look for seashells
we've already got a few whoa that's a
great one bud yeah dude you're getting
lucky today huh I'm gonna find a
seashell and I'm gonna be so excited and
as soon as I give it to Jackson for me
that night that guy is flying did you
oh my gosh look at this one look how big
it is Jackson look at that one yes it is
look at all these giant shells they're
so big oh my gosh Jackson why don't you
pick this one up come on Cal come over
here and look at these seashells what is
that it's squishy
is it a jellyfish jelly any way to learn
your ABCs right sits and talks and
everything we're just waiting for dinner
we just need a big order for everyone
we're teenagers names are so excited
because everyone is just hanging out and
playing right now and this is the best
part of family reunions ladies and
gentlemen Jared Meachem is now going to
give you a freestyle rap about dinner
ladies and gentlemen boys and girls
we're on the road don't you know them
about the swirls we're gonna drive all
night we're gonna drive too mad to get
us some food it's gonna taste so right
all right you cute kiddos you busy when
you sit right here grandma has a
surprise for all the grandkids of course
you don't have them all in here cuz
they're running around everywhere 280
feet to Castle there's too many places
to hide like an elevator there's an
elevator here anyway so grandmas getting
a surprise out for all the kids
yeah boys what are you thinking it looks
so good whoo thanks mom that's so sweet
of you okay by Jackson's request we are
doing the Johnny song sing it loud and
proud yeah
music time is officially over everyone
is now going out to the beach and we are
going to look for crabs imagine a light
on my face we're on the beach doesn't is
already looking up
there's so little
Jackson Clark was that so much fun did
you find a big one small ones what did
you have fun yeah did you have so much
fun good that seriously Ellie was like
so cool I wanted to do that a lot of
Florida we never got a chance yeah but
it's so cool out in the night because
they only come out at night you did yeah
do love finding crabs just big crabs do
yeah yeah so we just finished playing
Farkle and I think it happened to be the
longest game of Farkle ever in the
entire existence of humans but it was so
much fun we had a lot of people there we
had a lot of people playing which leads
me to the question what is your favorite
board game or game to play with family
let me know in the comments down below
that is where we're gonna leave it with
you guys tonight thank you so much for
watching this video if you enjoyed it
give it a thumbs up if you're new to
this channel hit that subscribe button
and we will see you guys tomorrow bye
