we need a vacation
good morning day 2 of travel we are all
ready to go we have all our suitcases
packed our kids have woken up they slept
so good night woke up at 9:30 we'll take
that yes they did awesome they were so
cute I woke up and looked at him and
they were like snuggled with each other
just the cutest brotherly love I've ever
seen chocolate tip number 2 when you're
out and going about you want to make
sure you have everything and one of the
things that I do the most actually I
take that back I don't do this the most
I need to do this more le will you hold
the camera I've got this real quick you
can have to do the pocket check phone
keys wallet camera wait where's the
camera Oh cameras right here I hope I
don't do the wallet check enough right
bunny angel sorry about that oh by the
way
will you buy our dinner please Jackson
Kelvin check grandma
check oh you are radiant today okay dad
Jack mom check Jared
she's waiting for the radio oh sorry you
look positively radiant today is Calvin
asleep Calvin are you asleep please tell
me he's asleep please tell me he's
asleep with peppa pig on his head please
tell me you're asleep with Peppa Pig on
your head no no okay
are you awake there you are you're
looking at Hey
you guys ready to have some fun today
you guys okay here's the situation we
are gonna be here for a week we did not
pack a ton of toys we picked a blow
play-doh
a little Peppa Pig for them to share
with their cousins we are at Costco we
got to get a bunch of diapers a lot of
food to supply us a week so let's get
rolling
can you tell them a secret no no no to
our friends you seem to speak here tell
them a secret
oh my gosh look at that view I get a
time look at the pool
Jax look at the view I want to walk out
there every morning are we gonna go out
there every single morning Jackson what
the ocean well here's a tour
I'm not going toward the whole house
it's a little intense
I'll just tore the kitchen the living
room and our rooms
Travel tip number four if you have an
empty belly
you're full of frustration
I'm not eating your donut you're full of
frustration I can already tell we
actually had a good lunch so this is
this is our snack but it's true
you don't tell on an empty stomach
because people get frustrated there's a
place just down the road called duck
donuts and they made these donuts right
in front of us and it's amazing this is
a s'mores donut YUM honey what do you
think Cal is again do you like it let's
do a little room tour
oh there's Calvin's bed happy and I'm
sure you can sleep up there and then you
even have your own bathroom this is the
boys bathroom this is so fun whoa what
do you think yeah that's crazy so Jared
and I are gonna show you our room and
this is a little balcony right off of
our room Jackson Kimmy let's show
everyone our room too all right kids
room hallway please I will follow you
okay first I can open this door so it's
right here
closet this store bathroom that looks
cool
our bed whoo-hoo I saved a spot for you
here but not right now
you can't sit here right now I will wait
guys look how fun this is we each get
our own room this is my favorite part is
you can go out onto the dock balcony
that I just showed you guys and then
there's the absolutely stunning view of
the ocean which I cannot wait to go look
at kids are very excited to go get in
the pool and then we can walk up there
and show you the ocean so fun I cannot
wait
so the boys are wanting to go on the
pool and I wanted to show you what we
packed they have their toothbrush and
water bottle and there for each of them
and then Jackson has his clothes we
really didn't pack a whole ton cuz we're
just gonna like you hanging out a family
going into the water hanging out at the
beachfront
we have a few like activities planned
but we're just right hanging out hey
most part where's Matt goggles your
goggles I brought and then Calvin
brought a little bit more he has his
ergo carrier in there life jacket
goggles he is so excited guy huh to go
swimming all right I think the pool and
hot tub are pretty nice but Jackson I
think it's about time we go see the
ocean
so one of the cool things about this
Beach is right outside where we're
staying is this little squared off area
and if you look at the sign it actually
says the notes of turtles nest and
they're going to be hatching soon so
hopefully during this week we'll be able
to see some live Turtles walking across
the speech and going into the water
hey up there can you hear me you guys
look good up there in that beach house
that's a great idea
I'm glad that we brought some toys to
play with
cousins love to Peppa Pig but this
Jarrod says we have to get rid of can
you push the duck until the egg comes
out but it's kind of loud you wonder it
again
put it in there don't know the other egg
is at the top of it the egg games want
to play roll the dice then you push it
however many times okay silly it's the
egg it broke I don't know where the top
is but don't break it comes apart we got
to find it hey are you on the top bunk
yeah you're gonna sleep good good we're
gonna have a great week this weekend
yeah and down here hi guys wow it's time
to go to sleep Calvin the main event
Ellie who you got only time will tell I
guess you guys already know who the
winner
I'm gonna close my eyes because it makes
me kind of sad I'm so glad he's talking
to them like I talked to my kids when I
say stop I mean stop I mean you have to
set it to adults - yeah one of the
greatest fights of the century is about
to start
oh my gosh oh he called it oh man
it's over it's up over Wow
10 rounds that was a lot better than I
thought it was gonna be well that's the
fight that's our night we're on the east
coast this is amazing this is gonna be a
great weekend what did you guys think of
the Mayweather McGregor fight it was a
great fight and that's all I wanted so
let me know in the comments down below
breehn have a great week so make sure
you hit that thumbs up button hit that
subscribe button to see all of the
amazing things we're gonna do this week
and we will see you guys tomorrow bye
