you know what they say le Virginia is
for lovers and that's why we're here
this is amazing that may travel ten
times easier guys digging the holes are
ready for a trip okay this is awesome
kids have their stuff we have our stuff
we're getting getting ready to load in
the car or on our way I'm just gonna see
how this plays out you got it
good job
alright guys we made it to the airport
and you can see we've got a huge crew
with us and we've got a ton of luggage
so there are some ground rules that I
want to go over with all of you ok no
crying no whining no spitting no teasing
ok and that goes for you too kids
alright let's go that goes for you too
kids like I was telling you guys parents
they're they're kind of dull this is
gonna be a dull fly let's get some
action going let's make it exciting
let's make it happen and you're ready to
go bud you're gonna pull all your
luggage all by yourself today
so here's the thing with flying with my
parents especially my mom my mom tends
to have like the worst luck in the world
so if anyone's gonna get picked for like
a random screaming it's gonna be my mom
they have pre-check and we had two kids
with us we're already through the line
so we're kind of just waiting to see
what happens and the I guarantee you my
mom pre-selected first rating well so
much for pre check all right guys oh it
was bad this time yeah I was I was with
mom that's just your luck okay you guys
ready let's go kids are looking at the
fire truck they're looking at the
luggage going down there watching the
airplane guy getting ready to direct
them to go out this is awful all sorts
of fun things
what do you think that was that crazy
yeah we landed yes we are I think so
okay we'd be planed we're and we're Kate
we re plane we're on flight number two
and we just all still have our heads on
our shoulders everyone is still here
work ready to go to our final estimation
yes for the evening
yes Morrow we're driving
in ten o'clock
for hours
you are doing so good
shots doing a puzzle kids have not been
to
better than I thought my very angry
that one's hard
fifteen more minutes
laughs wearing
you know what they say le Virginia is
for lovers and that's why we're here you
wanna pull your bag okay five six hours
of flying and they didn't nap on the
planes at all but they didn't cry or
scream they just played and had fun it
was like that's best oh yes the Laughing
scream but I wouldn't call that like
frustrated screaming they did so great
and I'm so proud of them I'm so happy
and I just want to kiss you now that
Calvin's out of your arms
Virginia's for lovers and that's why
we're here now you're mimicking it all
these kids it's so late at night and
they're so hyper so after all of our
trips traveling on the airplanes and all
of that stuff going through the
airport's we've picked up a few travel
tips and one of my favorite simplest we
learned from Ali's parents it's just
putting a little handkerchief a colored
handkerchief on your handle of your
luggage that way when you're going
through the baggage claim you know which
is your back right away because look
we've got four bags right here and
they're all black it's hard to identify
them sometimes so just a little
handkerchief goes a long way and making
sure you know which one is yours
alright that was the cutest conversation
but there's another there different
companies and they wouldn't they don't
bid on cross the company's the ladies
like there's a few down there but
they're not are sorry is like oh I was
really hoping we could get that looks
like that hey you two it's time for bed
no jumping on the bed it is midnight
okay lay down everyone lay down this
time - time to take a chalice attained
it time to take a chill pill I can't
even talk I am so tired I can't even
talk alright guys it is midnight in
Virginia and tomorrow we were driving to
North Carolina for a family reunion it's
been a crazy crazy travel day we left
our house at 9 this morning I'm sweaty
is humid it's different than utha but we
are ready for a rockin party are you
guys if you aren't hit that thumbs up
button hit that subscribe button
congratulations Carl and ginger hitting
1 million subscribers if you're in Texas
please be safe do what you need to do to
stay safe Ellie let's get some food and
go to bed alright guys thank you for
watching
