oh good I gotcha hey I think I got one
good morning guys we are all the way
down here in Salt Lake City Utah we have
a meeting and the girls are actually the
ones who have a meeting and we can't
find them anywhere we're in this
clothing store and we have to find them
okay I found that I'm gonna see if I can
scare them Joel
okay I did I did it I got your hey did
not like that there's no time to shop
around we've got a meeting I had no I
did they have you cute footballs work in
the summer is done let's buy all summer
clothes I mean I knew that glow in the
dark but these ones look like comfy on
the feet Jared and I are just wrapping
up a meeting that we hadn't felt like we
have a lot of information in our heads
and so on this is kind of how I feel
don't look that way well thank you and
my head is all scattered so how to find
a roo don't eat so much then go home to
our baby is um excuse me there's a pine
tree in my nails well who put a tree and
you're setting your here's a
fleur-de-lis let's plant this in the
yard and maybe something
front of me today no it's fine
she's very annoyed that I just yelled I
did not mean to scream it's been like
what you guys have been hanging out for
like 30 minutes and I just saw you guys
I was walking this I am sorry do you
know where all this no I just know I
just grabbed my pass
you can't I'll go look for Joel bye okay
google play some fun music
all right Ellie it is about that time
what are we doing for our trip
Calvin is already done look at his
Batman bag ready to rock and roll we are
getting all of our stuff ready because
we're going on a big trip you're just a
part of much as this family as I am hi
buddy hi how are you good to see you I
miss you all day my dad used to go to we
had a meeting today oh yeah ah hi Calvin
come here oh did he just wake up yeah he
hi buddy hi boys it's so good to see you
thank you guys so much our meeting was
hello I'm a finger puppet hello hello
what are we doing that's right yeah if
you help you packet guess what
tomorrow we're gonna go on an airplane
and we're gonna go see our cousins
excited but like monotone okay open it
up because you've got stuff to put
inside of it brush your teeth before you
kiss me mama can you push our hard hey
let me help you there you go now push
good job
hey pull it up and pull it around yes
that's exactly what we wanted I don't
think it's lazy but I think it's so cute
to have the kids pull their own suitcase
and they love it yeah
pulling your weight around this house is
what we need you to do you like it well
it's your favorite oh I'm so glad
Jackson this is gonna be so much fun
you'll be able to pull that around the
airport
take it with you and guess what if you
find any rocks look shells at the ocean
you can put those in your suitcase and
you can have them seashells and pretty
shells oh did you see Grandma great
today good how is she doing
oh it's so tall
did you give grandma great a big hug
today good you're so distracted by this
huh there you go well oh yeah this is
exciting
we'll see you guys tomorrow do you want
a superhero one oh hey we need a
superhero take care of that kid hey you
flexing those muscles wow wow that looks
good
Ellie do you ever just sit and just look
at her boys and just look at them and
just think how grateful you are for them
are they Jackson was in our bedroom
sitting on the bed and they were
watching a show right after their bath
or something and I just sat there and
looked at him and he's like dad I'm just
watching this movie and he said you want
to sit next to me yeah and I just sat
there and I looked at him and I said
Jackson like I hope one day you feel the
way that I feel about you you know like
I love him so much and I love the Colin
so much that I just don't think they
understand it yet I'm just so grateful
for oh yeah do you know that I love you
yeah do you love me too
you're my special boy yeah I dig
everything back you know special you are
okay deflated muscles hey you taught me
on you dropped me on the head I'm gonna
hit you whoa hey boots booties yeah hi
Jackson fun
you're definitely take did you see this
you walked up
he would not let me finish top on kids
he wants to show off his muscles like
his dad oh thank you guys so much for
watching the vlog today and a huge huge
congratulations to my sister Ruby
she just hit 1 million subscribers on
her channel so happy for them
the kids are packed I am packed house is
almost clean but I'm gonna go to bed
good night guys I'm packing up all of
the electronics that we take on the trip
and that's like the most difficult part
I know huh yeah okay
