I shouldn't say good morning is the
afternoon I'm just cleaning up my messy
kitchen I wish it was cleaner in here
this afternoon but we are just saying
hello to you guys Bonnie just came over
and I was in the middle of getting ready
I lately have been using a really big
curling iron so my heart used to be long
and then when I cut it it was hard to
curl and so I just got a one inch
curling iron and I curled my hair and
now I'm ready for the day but I want to
show you something so this is the
Halloween car costume is a surprise that
is for my kids no I just anyway that
came with it boy did it come with an
economist it's for Jax I think Owens is
tow mater but I wanted to show you guys
and I wanted to show Bonnie this because
we're getting ready to go on our last
family reunion for the summer we've had
lots of family reunions
well Jared's family having another
reunion but it's just like the siblings
and a few other places that we're going
to be going it seems like a few times a
year several times a year for like in
the plane you know travel
so bonnie got her kids the bottom edge
we got the backpack yes and I got the
suitcase and I'm really interested to
see if you think they're good quality
like if they're nice yeah
they have different kinds of like the
hard case I like the hard case a lot but
the soft case has more pockets that's
like and then you have the kids
underwear and they look better and
longer I think the kids will love
pulling them around so Calvin's is
Batman I'm gonna show them yet because
I'm going to show them like the day we
leave because you know kids sometimes
you can't tell them to thank dissipation
and stuff but I wanted to show you guys
and I want to show you
Pottery Barn and a lot of their stuff is
on sorry now this one is discounted
quite a bit so I can't wait they're
gonna let so the kids are gonna take
these on the plane for themselves and
I'm just gonna have them carry their
clothes so close swimming suits
everything will go in here that way we'd
gern I travel all of our stuff usually
is in one big bag or two bags Frankie
that this will be really nice for the
kids to have their own luggage
hey out of here no no no I can't come in
Hey why you so sad you can't go in there
we have a lock on there because of
paints cuz that room has a lot of paint
in it and just like camera stuff that we
don't want kids to get it to get rid of
this oh I liked it and for their
suitcases I thought them each a
toothbrush eat your little hand
sanitizer aren't you out to leave in
there a little hand sanitizer to hang on
it toothpaste and then a little
sanitizer wipes so that's gonna go in
their little suitcases I think that they
are gonna love pulling them around
that's the maniacal laugh is that
amazing hello you gotta watch your tone
for anyone hey careful
Calvin do you throw toys no we don't
throw toys do you throw Jackson's toys
no he talked to Jackson sorry can you
say sorry to Jackson and give him a hug
yeah he's saying sorry to you you guys
play nice with each other okay I want
you to play nice I guess that works as
an apology it'd be nice to our toys okay
Jackson that's that goes for you too
we want to be nice to our toys okay so
we don't throw our toys cuz then they'll
break and they won't last as long as
they can all right kids enough playing
around kay I'm not playing around it's
time to get dolled up and fancied up
your you're cleaning off your leg with
that wipe good that's good because you
and Calvin and mommy are gonna go do
something fun and you can't be all
grubby and gross for that do you know
that bananas they've been watching a
little too many minions that's for sure
yeah you guys are gonna go on a date
with mommy and her friends is that so
much fun yeah you guys looks so handsome
with your hair done you know that what's
that yes I'm actually going to get my
hair cut today and you boys look so
handsome with your hair done don't you
mmm-hmm well Ellie and the kids are out
going have a little fun I'm actually
heading over to my dad's house we have a
meeting because we are gonna go over a
couple things that we've been working on
for the past little while and I'm very
excited to tell you about it
I feel like every time I come to your
office and sit down and like pull out
the camera something exciting is
happening and something big is happening
the first time was the IVF grants that
was huge I was very exciting the second
one was the website now dad and I are
well we've been working on this for
months now and I want to finally like
talk about it at least a little bit for
the past few months my dad and I have
been working on a few children's books
some children's stories we have three
books that are in the works right now
and we're hoping to have them done this
year at least one of them done and
published this year the big announcement
that my dad and I have been working on
like we're very very excited about it
this has been a lot of fun and we've
worked really hard on there's one story
in particular that I think is
extra-special is because it's been a
part of my life for my entire life and I
think you even wrote it before I was
born born a lot of our friends and
family know exactly what that song is
and we're taking that song and we're
putting it to a book it kind of sums up
my family's childhood and and this story
and I'm excited about that too and I
think this is cool for us to do together
and for you something that you've worked
on for years and years and years to
finally have it come to be like a
complete a book so I'm excited about
that we do yeah thanks for doing this
with me dad thank you you're welcome
we're a good team I think I did that
without looking so I'm really interested
to hear what you guys have to think
about that like I said these are gonna
be children's books you know like things
that parents can read to their kids and
it's gonna vary from very young to a
little bit older you know anywhere from
one year old all the way up to I don't
know eight or nine year old kids who are
reading by themselves I think it's gonna
be great for so many ages and so many
parents who have kids this will be a fun
project to have and a fun book to have
for you guys to read let me let me know
what you guys think about this I'm
excited to tell you guys about it and
I'd love to hear it
skyress these are my best friends and
not now we all have babies this is crazy
thanks Bonnie just happens to be here at
the Erica place at the same time I am
they're giving their kids haircuts right
now and earlier we were talking and
joking around I'm notorious forgetting
for forgetting my wallet and joel is
like you don't want to be there at the
same time jared is Bonnie he's gonna
forget his wallet sure enough I didn't
even think about this I totally forgot
my wallet in the van while Ellie is
driving away and I'm about to go inside
and tell Bonnie I forgot my wallet crap
I was just gonna text you you are not
gonna believe this Vani
I forgot my wall didn't you I'm not even
lying I'm not even lying check my pants
my lucky day well on the bright side I
did bring some cash but I literally like
I totally forgot my wallet I really
really do I'm the freakin worse Bonnie
bigot I brought money it is late at
night Elling and the kids just got back
from their fun day and now we are saying
good night so I'm coming in to Jackson's
room and we're gonna see how his night
was Oh
hi bud hey I missed you so much
fly when you work there no would have
big snake and they'll is white and then
jump them that bounty my bat bouncy
house you're in the wrong with that from
CVX live
did you like tonight yeah did you play
with friends do you want to know
something what you make me so happy and
I love you give me a kiss good night mmm
you say good night to our friends
let's say I'll see you tomorrow
oh no big deal it's only 10:30 at night
and Ellie just whipped up this it's a
little dip cilantro it's so good I'm not
a fan of cilantro okay here's a question
what is your least favorite food I eat
tomatoes on sandwiches but probably like
tomato juice
well tomatoes mushrooms I ate your mom's
mushroom stuff the other day add
mushrooms that was great uh yeah we had
Philly cheesesteak sandwiches the other
day and I had no idea they had mushrooms
until I took a bite and I was like oh
yeah wait did you just say my mom said
what just tastes like burgers when
someone says something about your family
like you get really defensive even if
it's like your spouse oh that's my mama
that's my mom
don't you mean about my sister on my
Instagram uh-huh and I wrote back and I
said that's like the only you're talking
about no you mean to them or I'll have
to block you oh I'm so sorry I'm like
what what are you thinking yeah my
sister do you answer gonna be mean yeah
must be nice to each other like I said
yesterday let's love one another and be
nice well why don't you be talking about
my mama that's me that's remember movie
I can't remember when it's around this
is so good I'm good I'm glad I'm like
going to town yes you are you go to town
how's your head feeling today better
right good so glad technically I had an
awesome night with my girlfriend's it
was so fun to hang out and see our kids
playing it was like that was us and we
were a little playing we could see the
kids playing wonderful night I have a
very long night ahead we need to get
pack in so I need to get the kids
clothes ready I'm gonna have them help
me in the morning to a little bit's I
think they would think that that's
really fun to do so packing
we're going to be in North Carolina with
Jarrod's family I cannot wait they've
been planning this for a year and so
it's just going to be very fun to like
how this anticipated thing a year ago
planning and now it's like here so I
can't wait to put my feet in the water
take the kids to the beach
it'll be a great time we're gonna be
leaving soon so gotta get things packed
and squared away laundry done
thank you guys so much for watching and
we will see you guys tomorrow bye
