Ellie I know your head hurt but just
keep closing your eyes and picture
yourself in Hawaii doesn't it feel
better yeah to see the ocean now we're
in China now we're in New York
heading again now we're in space
you brought these a little different
careful window she put into it good
morning dad good morning you enjoy in
your outdoor office today
yeah it is a gorgeous day today as we
are saying goodbye to our scenery in the
tent shut down by think Calvin have
something in mind first before we get
too crazy I'm closing down hey young man
you want to go for a ride okay grab your
dog and I'll take you for a ride yeah
well the most frustrating annoying
disgusting part of the trip is over we
got all of the waste of the trailer that
is something that is going to take some
time for you to get used to and get
better at and learn from my mistakes
because it's just ah you just want to be
super super careful with outside okay
you guys locked and loaded are we ready
to rock and roll we're ready Ellie made
some sandwiches for the trip and we're
on the road
Oh
you're given Joe welcome for the now
accuse back there English that got a
game of my way and I looked at them that
way or you look you mean to us at rest
tends to here as a finger - oh there you
go hi
joining he's left people our dinosaurs
are back home and we are doing great we
already got the trailer back the into
the garage and there was only one
casualty
I'm sorry mr. chalk today was not your
day and just like that we are home and
I'm kind of a weirdo I really enjoy the
packing up stage and the unpacking stage
like I enjoy touring a little laundry
and I give everything back together my
head is pounding like I cannot get rid
of it hurts so bad but I'm hoping a
really good meal
my tummy will do the trick I've made you
a plethora thank you for the plethora I
don't even I just said it it was all
good it looks good
amazing my gosh hey so good visit this
is hella fresh by the way I know so very
like what how do you want to do that so
do this but miss candid you enjoy the
packing and the unpacking and I enjoy
everything in between so it's a perfect
match so I enjoyed I have helped if it
was just me ideal I go all yeah we are
hey mister that loves food where's your
brother so you guys see if you just what
he just starts and we'll just see what
you think at this I didn't put 10 on
there extender who wouldn't like get
half of it there's like one peach
good be good but you're in it go get
your brother booth all right one piece
down another to go let's see you
whatever I have to do to get you to eat
OOP sorry mr. face can't do to speak to
you like it
good I'm glad okay and I mean ha ha ha
he says after you to pieces and me the
rice stuff you can whoo-hoo eat in your
food yes I was just talking to Jared
about like food and kids and we usually
don't make the kids separate things from
what we're eating like if we're eating
something that's what the kids eat very
rarely like maybe if we're making
something for I really know the kids are
not going to eat it like it's a little
more mature taste will totally make like
a sandwich or you know sometimes they
don't want that and I'll have cereal so
very rarely do we have the kids eat
something different for work from what
we're eating and tonight thank goodness
is not much of a fight I also think
they're always hungry too from the car
right yeah some nights are kind of a
fight you have to take two bites you
have to take two bites how over you how
many of you guys did at your house are
you like okay you're fine take five by
10 you can be done we do that sometimes
- hi Jackson but I am so grateful that
they did really good with dinner tonight
it was really really doing that though
like oh my gosh
come one more too bad too bad when
something told me Calvin is either
excited to be back in his own room or
excited not to go to bed why did you do
it where are you there you hey don't you
know anything for bed you are so hyper
right now huh yeah yeah
you are streaming on twitch is something
that I really enjoy doing in my spare
time I don't get to do it a ton but it
is so fun and I love it especially being
able to chat with so many of you guys
it'll live in person and everything and
I'm excited today because while we got
home I had a couple packages waiting for
me and I want to show them off to you
I'm really excited about it
this person you know so much right now
you're a little excited but not near as
excited as me I want to show you I've
got to do this okay
so here's the thing so when I stream
this is my this is my setup risco
kanigan I'm always so embarrassed about
that a mic stand yeah so I've got a pub
G going up here and I've got my
streaming software and I've got my
microphone and then if you look right
here that's what everyone sees me so
like you can see all the background and
everything but wait there's more check
this out that I just got I'm really
excited
got a bun hook look at the green screen
guys come this up now let's take a look
at the stream recording thing and see
what it looks like the background is the
video game isn't that so cool a little
flip of a switch between just like that
and then BOOM second camera angle is not
so cool I think it's so cool I'm kind of
I am kind of geeking out a little bit I
think this is so cool Ellie am i a nerd
you know I'm not used to like me
thank you I think you're so cute I'm
here to show the kids sizes Oh should we
show them right now what what a cheesy
plug for your Instagram Ellie has a
terrible headache and I feel really bad
looking at my phone will make it worse
but thank you okay we're going to have a
link to both of our histograms Bing Bing
right here you guys can check out the
picture it's a picture of Calvin and
Jackson when they were little and when
they're like just last week so it's
really really cute hey we need to get
you feeling better okay
no I had like sometimes it's like I just
I just want I just shaved my head and my
head won't hurt yeah your hair hurt yeah
I hate when your hair hurts after
wearing like that all day yeah your hair
follicles Ellie I know your head hurts
but just keep closing your eyes and
picture yourself in Hawaii done this
doesn't it feel better yeah you see the
ocean now we're in China now we're in
New York
panic again no we're in space you
grabbed these a little different careful
wonder she floated away well Calvin look
at last new Wow yes I did really good
going to sleep it was cute because he
wanted to play and we rocked a little
bit and he went to sleep which was which
was really really great but all joking
aside I wanted to talk a minute about
this weekend and the Eclipse and my
feelings and thoughts associated with
that I've noticed a couple people have
tweeted or on Instagram or something
they talked about how peaceful the
Eclipse was and how everyone for a
moment just kind of stopped and you
looked up and thought and enjoyed and
embraced and I felt the same thing I
mean obviously we were going crazy
because it was so cool but that's what
we were talking about it just felt so
nice that everyone was happy about one
thing and it just makes me think about
the world and that there are so many
things that aren't going the way that we
want that things and the life don't
always go the way that we want but
there's always something that we can do
to make that a little bit better for
ourselves and for others and I've been
seeking about this over the past a while
like especially the past couple
like I think I tweeted the world needs
more love we need to love each other
more our neighbors our friends our
family and I just feel like the world
would be a better place if we loved each
other more and I'm not thinking of a
specific situation and I know there
might be some people who try and twist
my words and try and pin it on one thing
but if this is a very general topic I
want us to be kind to each other and
love each other more because that's what
the world needs right now is not
pointing fingers is not I think I just
kind of pointed fingers I shouldn't have
done that anyway not pointing fingers
but looking inward first and then
expressing outward I go on these rants
every once in a while and I think a lot
of the times I do it for myself but
hopefully that some person may hear this
that needs to hear it that wants to hear
it to have that extra boost to you know
help someone across the street help
someone with their groceries or in their
yard or anything like that but just to
spread more love and to spread more
kindness than anything else and I think
that's just something that we need in
the world today and every time I look at
my kids that's what I think of how can I
help these two boys be the best versions
of themselves to help others to be kind
and generous and loving towards everyone
that's what I want from my voice to live
in a world like that and I want to do my
part to make that a possibility so
that's just something that I've been
thinking about and with the Eclipse I
thought that was a perfect opportunity
where we're all thinking and focusing on
the same thing and if we change that and
thought about love towards our neighbors
and our friends and those around the
world how different the world would be
and how much better the world would be
all right guys I'm going to let you in
on a little secret we've got some fun
stuff coming up this weekend starting
this weekend we're going on a little
adventure so make sure you're subscribed
that thumbs up button and we will see
you guys in our next video thank you
guys so much for watching have a
wonderful wonderful day and I'll see you
guys next
oh I eat goldfish sometimes when I add
it right now
