you
well good morning and happy solar
eclipse day today is one for the books
so we are going to enjoy our morning the
boys have rode their bikes out into the
green field coming back where our
cousin's house so grateful they want to
stay headed a beautiful area or just out
here there's so much land and it makes
me want a little word there's their
house and all around us is just filled
so fun
this is the Calvin's trying to give over
the void look at them go
so before we get rolling with the
Eclipse I don't know we can't really
decide when that exactly happens but we
know exactly what happens 1.00 10:13 is
when the clip to start start but
totality is v1 vs and c1 that's the
church of a technical term you want to
see one start to gender do okay I'm glad
you that when the moon just breaks over
is a fun haha then v2 is to make sure I
got all fresh is when it's foley over c3
is when it starts moving away haha
before it when I just barely off so when
it's c-3po I'm so silly but before we
get rolling with Eclipse we have our
cousins family has prepared a delicious
breakfast and we're all out here
and we're going to eat some pancakes
you
what did you get did you catch it with
your hands
let's see you see it Greyson oh my
goodness good job bud
that's quick thinking on To Catch a
grasshopper so the first phase of the
solar eclipse is about to begin
and I want this something that we
experience ourselves so I'm not setting
up too much stuff to try and capture I
do have this GoPro here that I'm going
to try and do a time-lapse with but I
want this to be like a fun experience
for everyone so I'm going to try and set
this up see what comes up if nothing
happens that's fine at least we get to
experience it and I think we're about
ready guys Phil there's some really cool
glasses but DC cool that is amazing oh
my gosh you can see it there we go
that's cool something most legit way to
do this but it works you still got your
grass offer yeah that's smart Jax and
let the grasshopper see experience the
Eclipse huh okay tell me what you see
it's so beautiful isn't that crazy
this only happens every not very often
yeah like every two or three years they
happen but I guess coast to coast like
this that hasn't happened for 99 years
so we're at the point now where it's
visibly darker outside and I call ya its
call ways like I need to check it's
funny how the temperature changes like
that's pretty quick but the kids stayed
out for the first little bit but now
they're and watching a show cuz I wanted
to take them off thinking they can look
so maybe when its totality we'll bring
them out so they can look at it and then
we'll put them back inside the trailer
hey you look you by thick glasses on
wait no you look at the camera oh thank
you
you can't see anything with these
glasses on they're so dark except the
southern oh my gosh it looks like the
the moon because it's just like that
sliver see it's a lot glowy or through
the lens than it is here I'm not
exaggerating it is caught le have gone
to the point where she's pickle oh god I
take it in and literally like it's drop
prices koozies called Jackson you are
more interested in the grasshopper than
this monumental situation occasion oh no
it jumped off way to go we are almost
there
there's just a sliver left
whoa it's getting so dark oh my god oh
my oh my gosh look at this envoy yeah
isn't that so cool oh my gosh Wow look
at it look how dark it is outside oh my
gosh this doesn't even do it justice
this is so crazy
oh my goodness even start out early this
is amazing commuter wrangling pissed on
the solar eclipse oh no it's coming back
Wow like a look at it this is so crazy
that was so insane
party's over let's get on the road it
wasn't that amazing so cool
oh my gosh I wish the camera could do it
justice I really do that was incredible
it's chilly
Joey it is silly isn't it if that's cold
that's true testament to how cold it
actually is absolutely it's truly it's
totally daaad look do you see all those
birds coming out that's so funny
people are saying that birds would
because it was dark they'd like go to
their nest and everything and when the
Sun came back out they would all start
flying you may even hear birds a
crickets chirping when it was dark like
just all of the animals are confused we
were in a like a very prime spot oh yeah
prime location this is awesome that was
very very cool it was special like I
thought it was just fun I liked what
your mom said the darkness is totally
different in like
it would be a different yeah it's you
see pictures of it what it's
experiencing it is just someone's
different than seeing the pictures like
I don't know it's just really really
cool oh don't look at a journal I look
like so the role that my cousin's family
lives on is quiet it is there's like
barely ever any cars but car after car
after car after car are driving you can
see him it's gone crazy
this is what 5-10 minutes after the
Eclipse I mean look at this car after
car after car after car
Oh God so we just got the website to
work that shows the traffic in Idaho and
I want to show you the traffic that we
would be fighting if we drove home right
now that is a parking lot right there on
the freeway can you believe that that is
the road home you glad we're staying an
extra day yeah we could sit in the
trailer and hang out or we could sit in
the van and move probably a little bit
faster than we're moving right now
oh goodness with the Sun going down at
11:30
they really threw us for a loop we are
all really tired we really we're like
everyone was just like kind of just like
walking around like horizontal this
times out you know it's like it's just
unlike a long morning so we all went in
and every single person laid down and
closed their eyes
that sound so good on your back you fell
asleep on grandma it was so cool if we
all turn into zombies for a minute there
coat so that's copper huh
just old acid copper huh we are at an
abandoned mine or a mine town
a ghost mine down that's just north of
the city that we were in and I want to
show you guys the structure at the top
of this mountain at the house geez look
at this isn't that crazy right down
there that's the city or near the city
that we were we're staying near there
hey Jackson did you like that drive Wow
was that pretty cool yes local grandpa I
got this is a rock and you see all that
green in there on that rock that's
copper this is a copper filled Rock that
kinda came a rock grower oh good I was
hoping you would say that you keep in
your pocket when we get home we'll put
in your rock collection okay I wanna
stay here
you like hanging out here with your
cousin huh yeah so we just explored this
crazy old ghost town that has is mine
and everything and now it's dinner time
and we've got the stove going this is
the first time we've ever used this
properly we'll get all that we're having
Philly cheesesteak sandwiches the Royal
sitting on the oven isn't exactly what
we thought it would be because there's
not really a place to put underneath the
heat so we just kind of made with what
we have and these are the Philly true
stirs they look pretty good
still I'm excited are you ready for
dinner bud Oh dinner and bed I think
we're ready for them and just be
grateful that your TV or your phone or
tablet does not have smell-o-vision
because our boys feet stink yes they're
taking a shower right now because they
are smelly smelly smelly it's just kind
of cool that we have a shower in our
trailer dinky boys well all of the kids
are finally asleep and we just had the
funniest experience in the trailer
putting Calvin to bed
and I think I'm going to put it in the
vlog because I wanted to last longer
than 24 hours Allie talked about it on
her Instagram card but it was the
funniest thing so I'll put it in right
here
just yelled at you looked at care to it
no dad and then continued to point to
Jarrod saying no so Jeremy's just trying
to hold my hand but it was distracting
Calvin as you're trying to get in the
bed so I kind of pushed him like no stop
it and then he just like turned to me
and was like no no daddy no no daddy
mama but now that they're asleep we have
this little rocket fire pit rocket stove
and we're roasting marshmallows so this
is how we're wrapping up the night with
some good old-fashioned s'mores
yeah yes thank you guys for allowing us
to be here this is so cool this has
really been a very nice very nice day
yes it has well guys that is solar
eclipse 2017 what a wonderful experience
I was although I am a little
disappointed no one turned into a zombie
or a werewolf or anything like that but
I guess traffic has been really really
bad on the way home yeah glad we're
leaving tomorrow man but with that we
are going to call it a night thank you
guys so much for watching the video if
you enjoyed it give the thumbs up and we
will see you tomorrow bye
