good morning guys hope you're having a
great day
happy weekend everyone today is a
special day for family in fact this
whole weekend is is pretty cool for our
families we're celebrating something
very special on Elias side of the family
and on my side of the family Matt we got
a call a couple days ago
and did Matt and Emily my brother and
his wife announced that they were
pregnant we watched their video
yesterday and was just so sweet and it's
so funny because Matt like that's Matt
in that video and I just thought it was
very sweet it made me teary-eyed
watching it so I'll have that link down
below and yeah alley side of the family
Olivia is getting baptized today so
we're going to go do that so we've got
to hurry and get dressed and then this
weekend we get to spend so much time
with family it's just going to be so
much fun are you ready for this weekend
bus yeah we should we got to go get
ready though okay we've got some things
to do we've got some people to see and
we've got some clothes to change into
because we gotta go tonight
my heart could just about burst I told
you guys it's 1,000 times I love like
our night routine I love getting the
kids in the bath and getting them
dressed I love like dress up like my
childhood dream has come true like
dressing my dolls and like putting them
to bed like I was so possessive over
them grant my friends are like don't
touch my baby doll like that's why
Alma's our kids
I love having them around me and I love
bathing on the getting undressed and
getting them ready for the day and
feeding them and just like caring for
them like I love hanging on my arms this
morning was just really cute like some
mornings can be a little intense like
because they're screaming Calvin doesn't
like get dressed whatever they just are
really cute I think their pranks itix I
got new socks okay
hey getting new socks is totally
underrated best feeling ever so fun we
all match a little bit I'm wearing blue
you're wearing a little bit of I want
you because you're my little dirty so
get it clean take that with a grain of
salt okay action for the boys are
wearing matching ties and
we took like a thousand in one picture
so I'm sure you'll be bombard it will do
a little we'll do a little inside
saccharine around that week you I may be
a little biased but let me introduce you
to the most beautiful handsome buas in
the world
you
what did you find
oh my gosh it's a giant grasshopper
that's so big advice is granting you
does scratch that's how it makes our
hey down in front
down in front shake shake shake shake
oh whoa
is there a dog anywhere near here cuz I
got his penny around there's a no vote
this looks like a lot of stress to my
Abbi you better smell to make sure are
you sure yeah
me
hanging out with family is honestly one
of my favorite things to do we were
literally at Mohan jewels for five hours
talking as a family the kids played how
to blast and you guys saw that all on
our little montage that we just did now
it's go time it is time for preparation
we've got the trailer I've got a propane
tank that needs to be filled I've got
some gas cans that need to be filled we
have to pretend like something may go
wrong this weekend in terms of
electricity not working in terms of gas
stations being out of gas
so we've got a couple calfskin we got to
fill with a propane tank and we're
getting ready first potentially I don't
know if this is actually going to happen
or not but we have to prepare like a
will so we're doing some preparation
come along with me
ah
all right where do I have a propane tank
bill and apparently they always filled
one gallon because that's all I use
after two trips like for five days total
of using the trailer actual youth I've
only used one gallon of propane
I was really impressed with how
efficient this one I thought I fill this
entire tank but they don't have to do a
little bit so calling me a breath Oh
ladies and gentlemen I have a very sexy
state Jarrod you look so handsome
here's the thing I have worn the same
type of jeans
Levi's 511 and Levi's 513 for I don't
know ten years ya know how many I never
got anything different I'm never if he
has he never kept them yeah cuz I've
always just like not worn because they
not with my hips I have to have like
elasticity a lasting in the jeans for
them to be comfortable but we got these
we found these jeans at the store and
they have 4% and they move it really go
good so comfy like his pants and shirt
came from the Nordstrom sales trainer
and Avery was that's just what happened
percent turnaround you look so good you
look very crisp these shirts were and on
the Nordstrom sell which I would never
have bought this they wear it well they
were nice but they look good and they
feel really good huh I really like
parrots on my Titan on a day I think
I'll take you on a date will you go with
me on it out
totes mcgoats I don't look at our radish
shooting but we match like we do I love
this part of your shirt oh and I some
people I asked Ruby was asking me today
she's like a snap for every sure like no
it looks like it it's from me C's
dresses I found her on Instagram it was
like $25 my it's really it's one of my
favorite shirt you want to know what I
love
but turn around nice monkey
I love your mom name I love your mom
jeans I think they're so cute I really
do no go you're beautiful well that's
good I've been kissing yeah
please checkpoint ahead who do you think
someone's lost it looks is a random
check why is the random please look what
we get the randomly that's crazy
mystic burger well at least they're not
stopping everyone so that must mean that
someone's not missing exactly well happy
day tonight everyone I wonder if that
police check that we went through has
anything to do with the Eclipse and
driving through the Eclipse and all of
that it made me think of one thing I
have no idea what the internet is going
to be like where we're staying during
the Eclipse
so cross your fingers for us we'll keep
you posted on like Twitter and Instagram
so make sure you're following us there
to get updates in terms ups like the
video and everything today never but
don't be worried if we do yeah release
it will be away way way late if we do
miss a video
first thought of the Eclipse and then
second thought zombies mmm
you never know it's been a hundred years
I thought of another really great
advantage to having these pants that I'm
learning so we watched a movie and we
had popcorn and as my belly expanded
with all of the popcorn and junk food I
was eating I wasn't constricted in the
slightest bit same as the mom jeans
above my belly so when I eat and drink
tons of pop did expand it's already
above my giant doesn't cut into the
middle that's really nice
so overall it was a wonderful evening
yeah we yeah so we watched a movie we
just hung out and talked it was it was a
really great day man I like I like my
date nights with you I love maybe night
we need to do that a lot and that's why
at night like when we're done it's like
okay we have an hour that's what you
should watch a show well it makes me
think of that that one thing I can't
remember what it was called the movie
pass or something where it's like you
just go to movies it's like ten dollars
a month I think I might try that I don't
know but then we're paying money for a
babysitter yeah
there's always that yeah the school just
started we'd love this summer
I love summers summers are awesome
because you don't have 4 feet of snow
yeah thank you guys so much for watching
me appreciate it yes we really really do
have a wonderful weekend be safe if
you're going to be eclipsed
have fun make sure you've got the safety
goggles that you need see you guys next
time bye
are you still there where's the crew we
treat you Ellie you can't just have like
that she's so much she's so rude to you
guys I'm so sorry she's really not that
bad in person I promise you know it's
just about right this time real good
night
