I need to live life back Oh who your
girlfriend
I hope you guys just starting the
morning off with a good laugh because I
sure AM I'm eat we are eating smoothies
and Jackson just had something on his
finger he was looking at and what did
you think is in this smoothie he gave me
your neck he asked if there was green
weeds in his smoothie want to know what
pack there's some green in it it's
called spinach oh yeah that was really
funny that made my day my day is made
now I should go back to bed and I'll be
happy well I think that this was a good
attempt there's a little mess but I'm
not but I think did that spoke to you
was Cohen trying to wipe it up or put a
placemat
I think he was trying to do a placement
hey Cal what are you looking at Emily
looks like an old man okay
don't you now let's wipe it up there's a
good at temple I'll give it to I'll give
that home I'm gonna kick it and knock it
over will you be the ghost young man
Calvin you were making me nervous you
were trying to be a ghost and walk down
the stairs at the same time that is not
a good combination
okay yeah you were giving me a scary
roar Calvin can you show me what it's
like to be a ghost oh yeah
Oh spooky ah oh you're making Jackson
the ghost now what is your fascination
with ghosts boys where did you learn
about ghosts huh
Ollie taught you to be a ghost oh my
goodness and you must have taught Calvin
- that's so funny okay you guys keep
building that you know what I have to do
I have to mow the lawn in record time
all right Ellie I'm doing it I'm going
for the record
but for record-tying Galan in like ten
seconds oh I wish holy crap I'm going
for a subsidy 100k I need your help I'll
do it what do you mean to do I need you
to motivate me and all the ways you know
how concealer always motivates you
foundation always have a - I need you to
wax my unibrow
that'll do it so I'll do it all right
1028 you have one hour my dear
he's trying to catch up with daddy as
he's on the one
oh my goodness is 1103 three you started
10:28 what that's a world record baby
hey hey hey
you didn't you gotta give a crash here
is everyone okay everyone good
so victory crash Jared that was amazing
hold that thought well ladies and
gentlemen I am here with the record
crazy Jared Miko promoting the 1 and
less than an hour ladies and gentlemen
how do you feel you know Ellie I feel
great I feel like the the conditions
were perfect the lawn was dry enough
that it didn't hold me back it wasn't
too hot I just it was a perfect day for
mowing along I feel great so mr. mr.
mica howdy
what do you think contributed to your
success you know I think just just the
key element you know keep mowing down
time down and movement time up you can't
have those periods where you're going
down you've got to keep that movement
time up now you didn't water the lawn
last night no usually it waters every
night but you didn't you know I I paused
it so it would have a little bit of
dryness to it that and that lowers
bagging time and bagging time is a huge
time to increasing that so I I want to
make sure that was down as far as I can
this was a record-breaking day ladies
and gentlemen good job Jared hey I'm
gonna go bake a cake you take your wife
on a date tonight
we're getting ready to say goodbye ice
know hearty left
he's race yes see you later
note is on camera damn it there's the
address all right Calvin it's round two
Calvin versus the fountain are you gonna
get sprayed today that's good
oh I think that's a no what about you
Jackson no you had swimming lessons
today your last day so you had enough
water for the day huh yeah
what about you Ephraim do you want to go
play in the water no I guess that's the
answer for us oh wait oh wait he's going
for the window ah
go hard ah ah no what is that but does
that look like a frisbee it's not a
frisbee
it's what did you call it luckily my
nephew later it's like a cracker for
mobile to loosen a pad right like a rye
bread it's really good hey if you guys
remember our finish man what up use that
bet your YouTube channel is merely an
object and their cute little family hey
guys it's funny that we're meeting up
with you today because we were just
talking about Finland and finished food
yes in our vlog yesterday because we had
friends from the UK we're talking about
like European
yeah yeah they brought us some Finnish
candy and some Finnish food ha ha ha
so it's good to see you guys here guys
enjoy we will we will preserve we are
going to go to the play area and all
these kids are going to play you ready
okay you ready - boom oh my goodness
what a whirlwind of activity the kids
were playing in the play area over here
having a great time in and out of it and
I got a really great workout chasing our
kids oh my gosh you are going to be the
kid makes it hard just through the house
I go go go we had a nice dinner we're
going to say goodbye to our friends I
know that they're true or it is due to
both I think it's combination above 3
ready
thank you
yeah do you remember on said they went
Jackson totally outgrew his shoes his
church shoes and then his shoes meant to
Calvin well we just picked up Jackson
some churches and it is crazy to me like
two boys and the one thing I do have a
really hard time figuring out Icicle
dance move is the shoe sizes I feel like
I always go too small and so we got a
good size for him
yes we're so so big cruising that's Cody
yeah I'll answer it hey Cody how's it
going
you doing good you having fun good cool
all right
talking more like it's ringing it's for
you I feel rings its ringing who is it
Oh Todd leach Sabri Wow who's Aubrey
uh-huh
oh okay hi Aubrey how are you you want
to talk to Jackson okay I am me I don't
either
I'll be dead I can't please oh why that
why can't you play you're right
bedtime that's so thoughtful of you to
think of us when it's time for bed hey
yeah we can get your sippy cup
oh who your girlfriend okay
jamika mm-hmm say good night door
friends
good eye boo oh man while we are driving
home from Salt like I think we got our
first glimpse of what the eclipses
traffic is going to be like we were
driving from Salt Lake back up here and
on the freeway where you're going 15
miles per hour and every Lane was doing
that - it was madness and it's just
Friday I imagine even more people
Saturday and Sunday are going to be
driving
up for the Eclipse it is going to be
crazy let me know guys in the comments
down below are you going to be in the
line of totality are you traveling for
the Eclipse what are you feeling like I
feel like I am preparing for the end of
the world I was talking to Brian about
it
and I was just like yeah I've grabbed
this I've got this and I grabbed this
just in case I feel like it's going to
be a surprise either way it can go
either direction whether it's like crazy
apocalypse desolation or completely the
opposite like no one does it nothing
terrible happens and everything is just
fine and I don't know or maybe somewhere
in the middle but let me know what you
guys are doing in the comments below
hey Lee I've been meaning to ask you how
does it feel being married to a world
record holder it feels so good and I'm
still thinking about all day film
content I can't believe it your mind
you're you're even above cloud nine
you're on cloud 10
I actually heard something does it
look what I mean I'm proud of you but I
did comedy no one has mowed my lawn
faster than I have no the world record
that's crazy
you better let me have I love you will
you be my friend I'm seeking a friend
for the end of the world this weekend
would you be mad forever forever you're
the best thank you guys so much for
watching this video if you enjoyed it
give it a big thumbs up we will see you
guys tomorrow
oh and tomorrow I have a video going up
on my channel yeah my skin carries in
fact it's already up so I'll have a link
to it down below and in the card in one
of these corners thank you guys we'll
see you tomorrow
have a great weekend both
