okay breakfast is ready here you go man
can I just say fight before you this I
have waited months to try this yeah I
don't know about anticipation just with
your fingers alive oh yeah use your
fingers like American you know just like
dig in and cut hot you know
it's a good thing it just came into my
head or else I would have invited
someone over to eat and then I would
have not made the food I just remembered
that we invited the Milky Way's over to
have some biscuits and gravy we've made
this with the gravy for years and a lot
of people are from the UK and they are
so confused as to why we would eat
biscuits with gravy this good here in
the US are not a cookie it's more of
like a cooked bread anyway so we're
going to have them over and we're going
to do a little taste test
I've already had a recipe on my channel
if you want to watch it but I'm getting
ready to cook these and I hope that they
turn out good like hopefully like them
but we'll see what they think
this kid hardly eats fruit is drinking a
smoothie who determined you did German
are you guys sharing how did you drink
it all gone you boys are so cute that's
a good smoothie hyung guys mm-hmm
that's cute of you to share you know
that boys oh it was her second and then
he's like oh that's really real real
good so I'm just going to take it
Calvin you got to share buddy he did
really good earlier don't worry buddy
we'll get you another drink
all right just got back from so
rampantly before we get in here but
apparently people from England think
biscuits or cookies or something like
that so I went and got a bunch of
cookies and we're going to pretend so
just risk it because they think that's
weird or something like that
this is this make completely fill but we
want to try it on see and there abouts
like a walk up on to the door so I've
got a three get ready they're going to
be here any second after so much genius
I know it but it wasn't lucky what
happen oh I think I think you turn
hey how are you guys come on in hi bud
hi guys
how are you know we are just cooking up
some good breakfast or excited for that
good we are talking about the different
laws and how the place everything works
like how you tell drivers speed and in
America versus the UK you know that's
kind of like the theme of today is like
what is it like in America versus
Michigan yeah we're having biscuits and
gravy and so what are what are these to
you them so do the cookies okay they
didn't have like chocolate chips in my
small school a like a graham cracker
cool those biscuits right and so happy
is it gravy for breakfast yeah not a bad
for him
this is what we're having for breakfast
with gravy I know the Americanized it
for you yeah it's not okay like this is
what we have I mean yeah biscuits and
gravy folks you're okay with that
so Ellie's got the gravy and here do you
guys want to see the gravy okay
I did sausage and I cooked it and then I
felt like flour on it and cooks not with
it and then I put milk in it and I was
just like hey baby
I have that so once once it sickens up
you take a plate and you grab a couple
of these and then you put the gravy on
top of it I'm for breakfast that's me
yeah okay it's not it's not so I am
shown the biscuit all lru soon he's so
cute they're so those are the biscuit
okay that looks good yeah so you would
call them skunk okay sounds like great a
jam and cream oh yeah and you could
totally do that
yeah we're gonna make it Marcie hey so
did you think for any second at all that
we were serious about the cookies well I
mean America yeah
okay breakfast is ready here you go man
can I just say right before you this I
have waited months to try this yeah I
don't know of anticipation just with
your fingers alike so oh yeah your
fingers like American you know just like
diggin and hot you know different - I
expected your chalk on the gravy peg
slash
will give you a good that will give you
good yes oh he's got later okay so
obviously we this was just a praying
that the the cookie they didn't go over
it as well as I wanted to but Ellie made
her famous biscuits and gravy and this
is something that we have for breakfast
and that's like probably the most
confusing part to you guys that we need
this for breakfast is kind of more of a
hearty no as it is something like you'd
have for dinner or something but I would
love to see your initial thoughts and
impressions question is though we don't
like it this mean we never buys it back
yeah I totally be on it good different
like because I want to know your opinion
okay ladies but I'm pretty good mmm I
like what the focus I never yes I really
like soft yeah
Ellie's got some really nice topspin you
look like a sweet trick like a savory
gravy and it's not Richard this is as
you know I it's not even wet humming mr.
breakfast
now as the surprising part there you go
there you go yeah yeah this is so fun
it's funny how much of a cultural
difference er there is even even still
today we're talking about units of
measurement like weights like stone
kilograms and grams of that stuff that
we think of and you think of some things
and ounces every one sell all right
stones like something that we never even
think of like one stone is 14 pound but
like that's such a weird thing and it
got me thinking when we were talking
about this this morning because I lived
in Finland and there are a lot of
differences there especially like with
our
food one of the things that I had to get
used to and I actually embrace and
really really love with it's called
salmiakki which is what we were talking
about with Cullen and Katie which is
like their black licorice thing one
thing though I don't see like any
Americans eating it here
Ruiz like that it's a really thin part
rye bread do you guys have that over
there white bread yeah I loved it I
loved it but it's not something that we
would ever do here in the state so I'm
anxious to talk more and figure out our
more cultural differences because I
think it's important to like embrace
those and like learn more and then have
fun with it
so these are finished chocolates or
finished candies they're called Mariana
and they're like some of my favorite
finished candies you can you can just
bite right through or you can let them
melt in your mouth a little bit
I wish I had some salt yaki because that
was like very different I guess totally
for us home books yeah yeah that's
pretty much exactly what these are like
it's good
well humbug does not sound very fun
that's not that uncle Yabba
oh okay all right that smells awesome
America do you guys you guys have
Tabasco sauce right okay okay every time
you're not in you're in trouble
no le date yeah yes that does not good
that just goes to show how not easier I
never got as a kid I think I got it one
I think I remember really being
fascinating just like I draw like just
lick the top you know yeah and then she
like in the like crab that is all right
what do you think I love it
it's good huh yeah today is Jackson's
last day of swimming lessons we put him
in a little private one week class with
this girl she'll go mouth opening in
salons listen it's more fun because he's
become so brave and he's so adventurous
in the water even more than he already
was I know it's cute watching so we're
just like sitting here watching him
stand back and forth to his teacher and
we decided to make a fun family day
it once this hooligan wakes up so we're
lighting here and just rest here in the
shade and then we'll also be dip looks
like you already did I did I put your
hand upon my hips and I did you just
okay sugar scram and try for one more
minute and then we'll go to it
you
I would say our pool date today has been
a success we have laughed so hard
the kids have made us laugh belly laugh
hard it's been so fun I love they like
this all just together happy I keep my
favorite part was when you went down the
side with our awesome group of 10 year
old boys we met
they loved hanging out with you like we
are uterus from YouTube you put them
aside with I so like yeah okay so hi
guys thanks for saying hi
after pool and the Sun maps were had by
all and Jared broke up aquitards
slowly by slowly the kids each got their
on and Jackson even want some sunglasses
on Jackson I want you to show me your
best fidget spinner trick look at you
spin on your leg bud oh there you go
that was good I can't spin it oh my
itself yeah good job hey guess what what
you took a pretty late nap today so that
means you get to stay up a little bit
later with mommy and daddy what would
you like to do with mommy and daddy I
want to play a game okay what came would
you like to play I want to play lab
chicken game away yay chicken game that
lays eggs Hey Wow
I'll make it on that one where have you
seen that one before
oh and dad she did more know all these
aah oh did you see at Ali's house well
maybe one of these days we can either
get that game or we can go to Ali's
house and we can play that game I always
house would that be fun do you want to
ask Olly if you can come over sometime
call me tiny come to our houses right
asking yeah that's a good question and
maybe he'll let us know sometime should
we say goodnight to our friends right
we're doing little at night so thank you
for watching
we're gonna hang out with this guy for a
little bit so if you enjoyed the video
give it a
and we will see you tomorrow ye my you
like little Ollie don't you is all your
friend yeah okay this time it's for real
say goodbye bye bye bye your room
