well this is certainly going to be
interesting I just pulled up to the
swimming pool because Jackson has
swimming lessons today and this is a
situation I have on my hands right now
good morning guys we are just starting
our day off with a little bit of light a
little bit of crowns and hopefully my
blunt Texan I am getting ready to do a
few videos for my channel the kids are
breaking out the crowns again and we're
just working on numbers and hanging out
jocks I excited about doing lessons
today
yeah good job oh maybe we should use a
pen Cron's might be too big ok let's
flip it over well that should work
flip it over try that did you know that
my grandma gave me these can you believe
that so many years ago I was probably
your age and I remember it Wow yeah can
you do the a very first one just a yes
yeah pretty close good job
so last November when my whole family
got together I told Julie I was like
it's so cool that like Emma will spend
hours coloring that's a good one Jackson
she'll spend hours coloring and doing
like art stuff and at that time I was
like Jackson will even play with his
toys like you would even just sit in his
room
and just like play with toys he has all
these toys just all play with them and
she's like one day it'll calm one day
he'll want to and I feel like right now
he's doing such a good job at learning
to play with his toys and wanting to do
this he wanted to do this right when we
woke up look at you go to Calvin you
know I'm pretty great this is fun to see
him grow
next time daddy wants to take you you
got to get in the car seat
johnny was going to take him and he
would not get in the seat and then he
was so mad we left
next time you got initiative I think
Don's ready for a nap
this is Austin two days in a row where
Jared's gone he went too easy Calvin
wanted to so go and we put him in the
seat and then he just would he would
fight it and he would get in please like
Daniel stay and then he get some mad we
leave I'm gonna send him in Jackson left
quite a good thing we'll put you down
for a nap okay but Jimmy pissed it will
be better tomorrow
well this is certainly going to be
interesting I just pulled up to the
swimming pool because Jackson has
swimming lessons today and this is a
situation I have on my hands right now
this is the age-old dilemma never wake a
sleeping child what do you have swimming
lessons
hey Sparky did you have a good power nap
yeah yeah are you ready for swimming
lesson yeah this is my keister Dabba oh
nice yeah maybe we should go say hi to
her and we can start swimming
and
I just always talk whenever I do a
cooking video because the video itself
takes like you know we film for 30
minutes and then we cut it down but like
the prep work is so much and then it's
like oh through all the dishes misses
you know but it's so fun and pretty to
look at all the fruit and bolts hi
Amanda
this is my cousin we are here making
three fun healthy videos that are going
to go on my channel how are you Jer bear
excellent I'm running two cameras and
I've never been prouder of myself thank
you or you're doing awesome we just made
an awesome peanut butter smoothie we
just made a young it you'll have to
check out my channel sunrise smoothie or
doing one other thing it's really fun
and yummy so if anyone's people are
interested about like our cameras we
always talk about we don't we never talk
about we don't often talk about what
cameras are you funny I literally just
said we always talk about but we don't
right now is filming on the canons
that's so funny
the main camera reason right now is the
Panasonic gh4 and it's got a 7 to 14
lens on there and this is a Canon a
disease with an 18 to 35 sigma lens and
the aperture goes down through one dot
now that's the ABD yes that's the one
did we get for Christmas or remember
when I got this I remember these
not it over in the my for when we moved
so this is the camera that we use for
like not vocal stuff right yes yeah this
is like our b-roll camera because this
lens on here is just so did you take
pictures with that the other day yeah
that's when you took pictures up my
Instagram pictures or aliens gram
pictures what is on this okay that is a
very good camera well fun okay guys
that's what we're doing right now your
cue I'm glad you told them could you
have that question although suddenly
there's a description below see if you
guys want to check them out at least oh
the kids are taking it up and so Jer and
I are going to get our daily workout in
we've been using this app recently
called daily burn you can stream up on
to the TV or you can just have it on
your phone so you can work out wherever
you are
they do have over 8
work out so if you're in a beginner
level or if you've worked out and you're
more advanced to have an advanced level
as well we are at the beginner stage we
did a really advanced workout the other
day and it was a little too much more
time down a little bit yes all right yes
bring that back
this is my favorite life pretend you
feed only by open and just not I can do
it
that is our workout for the day if you
guys want to try daily burn we'll have a
link in our description you can go to
daily burn calm /l enter for a free 60
day trial we are done with our workout
we'll see you tomorrow tomorrow I mean
we'll still see us but thank you do be
very for sponsoring today's videos well
our weather has turned very fast from
summer to fall miss penny
let's get your workout in you go jump in
that water videos have been filmed we've
had such a good day and there she goes
no today it looks really clear today she
might walk can you look at her good
graphic you want to skip it off she's
putting her faith in that's the start
good girl when you take a rock it
bounces across the water what he called
oh he's skipping
Jackson lumpy he says I want you to bump
a rock
well you bug that good bump bump bump it
found it
Jackson you know I have poor hand
circulation don't leave me hanging look
what okay next time we are going to
bring a toy to throw in the water to see
if penny will go in a little further and
grab it because she loves the water
she's comfortable in it but I think that
that might help her we'll see but then
who has to go get it if she doesn't
whoopsie penny hey can it go heat it
as either the boss she might
that was good peg did you see a
butterfly and you chased her he took his
shoes off he just leaves them in Kelvin
he was assured up though Kevin wish you
looks good okay just don't fall in boys
get it all I'm asking
don't fall in he doesn't even care watch
Kelvin he's all the way into his hip
trying to grab a rag
don't work out he's still one you're
just walking she kept this how did you
see that
I just a little paranoid cold yeah me
too I know he you're right there with
them well my shoes are now dirty and wet
everyone got a good cleaning today this
is hilarious he probably felt in Le look
at his pants via balloon I just love
that he is like braving out there these
were you trying to manage Sisyphus
give me an adventurous huh it's good to
be adventurous if you have mom or dad
right by your side give out some rocks
yeah I am someone a plenty of rock
please set shoes off what do you want
daddy to do which is all yeah tell them
say shoes off
Elly was just talking on her Instagram
story about how we were totally eating
junk food last night right yes yes like
leave I ll be gone today like oh shit
there was tons of stuff so we did a lot
of healthy stuff for before we started
working out we worked out and now we're
having a very healthy dinner we've got
some green beans going our neighbors
gave us all of these carrots that they
have that they grew how cool is that and
we're making dinner you guys have been
watching enough you know like I said
were a good mix I mean I feel like we
totally do have our snack moments yeah
which is good I mean I could never not
but then I office like we've cooked
plenty like we also got to eat and you
know exact we're trying to justify
ourselves and I'm not sure if it's
working all that great I'm not trying to
judge myself I'm just trying to like
Bella yeah like we do it all you know
you always like eat I don't always make
meals i don't always take out but
sometimes I do although we're eating
healthy and we're working on that and
that's the thing is baby steps to work a
little bit more you do a little bit
better every single day I would want my
whole day to be so healthy every day all
day like I know it sounds maybe weird
like fun to have I like to have a
barbeque of chips and so done I like to
have late-night movies with you with
some licorice you know yeah yeah yeah
yeah enough of that little tease that we
showed you while we're making dinner I
want to show you the actual dinner we've
actually had some of it already and it
is delicious we've got steak green beans
potatoes so we're just eating dinner and
we are going to call it a night we're
going to put the kids to bed as soon as
we were done so thank you guys so much
for watching the video if you enjoyed it
please give it a big thumbs up make sure
you hit that subscribe button check out
the description we have a ton of stuff
in there like merch camera information
all of that good stuff thanks for
watching see you tomorrow bye
