Calvin or Yoko young man are you in are
you an awesome young man are you smart
are you Calvin
good morning guys this is a beautiful
day today and my dad and I are gone
flying - you ready to do this this is
going to be so great even if we don't
get to things yeah beautiful out today
Oh looks like that got a fish yeah first
catch of the day yeah it's a little guy
oh there's a fish right there it's
rolled like three times oh man that was
a perfect cast - oh you got to be quick
on it I guess good morning guys I hope
you slept well because I sure did I have
had a Cu conversation with Jackson just
his last weird hello I mean there you
are just this last week and I've been
like you sound so mature like you are
growing up he accidentally slammed
kelvins fingers in the door Cabo was
kind of screaming and pulling at the
door and I had arias accent close the
door anyway
Calvin's little fingers ended up getting
smashed instantly Jackson like grab
Calvin walked into me looking at me I
and his fingers in the door and it was
an accident mom and like explained in
irony knew I'd have to know and it was
just so mature of this little three and
a half year old to tell me that and you
are yet next month to go to preschool
usually like the kids if they're up like
we are at like we don't really lay in
bed because they want to supply us
something you want food they you know
sometimes when kids a little older you
can like lay in bed and they'll play off
on their own our kids aren't quite there
yet Jackson had woke up and I was like
Jackson I really need you to play for a
minute give me five more minutes so I
can rest my eyes and he totally went and
played on his own for a few minutes and
then was such a good boy when I ended up
getting
and I was so grateful for you i freakin
and horses insert my dress in a blue car
into it oh you know that I'm so grateful
and Daniel is my goose and Christmas
oh so many toys to play with so I could
rest Thank You Jackson for listening
that made me so happy I got an egg my
eggs I don't burn them so grateful this
morning
not every morning's can be like that but
I was very grateful this morning that it
turned out to be that way
are you kidding me right now I left that
place two minutes ago
are you sure is not a log oh there it is
big
dad look you got some bait that can't be
more bigger than your pinkie dad well
your head to nothing what are you doing
you wanted to do it no you know her meow
here's all mister mister eat your food
and then come and eat mine why you do
that alright so we just got back from
fishing and the GoPro dies the results
of fishing works
I caught two fish dad caught four fish
dad and I made a quick pit stop on the
way home from fishing and we picked up
something it was very spontaneous but I
think it's for a good reason
and I'm excited to show Ellie because I
have no idea where her reactions I think
she'll smile okay let's go show her
so dad made me do it
ah hey see I I didn't my big sale I got
I think the tailor's yeah let's look at
it oh so happy right now do you want to
see it okay so let me explain to you so
I'm shocked right here to kind of think
10 flatfishes oh no oh so we have a
couple trips coming up and dad dad's
guitars are just way too nice even in
our cases to take with them and I don't
really want to travel with my guitar
because it's getting to the point where
I want to keep it really really nice
because it is a really really nice
guitar so Deb and I were thinking it
would be fun to have a guitar that we
have that we both have together and we
share it for travel but it's so like
when we go for the Eclipse when we go
for a reunion we'll take this guitar
instead of our nice guitars with us you
know that's very nice it is I feel like
such meaning yeah there's lots of
sentimental value today ah I think I've
been doing school yeah good and oke
color Oliver but she is so good at
numbers he's not as good at the alphabet
yeah he's really good at numbers good
the case looks nice
of course I'm going to be so excited for
you and I knew you wouldn't be oh so of
course well I just but it is like what
not something that you just let go out
but if you guys watch the reunion with
Jared and his siblings they were all
playing guitar they were all singing and
this is real oh it's beautiful
it's even got this right here it's an
armrest and what this does is it keeps
your arm from getting on the the body
looking yeah resonates a lot better but
the color is pretty
I cannot wait this will be fun this is
so cute I did a bunch of Instagram
stories it and I already said this
enough but it amazes me how I try doing
a lot of this stuff with Jackson just
like you know nine months a year ago and
he just did not want to have anything to
do with me teaching him he didn't want
he didn't want to do it but just slowly
bringing out he is loving this like I
opened this by himself I did the
flashcards with in accounting but I had
to go do a few things with penny and so
he pulled this out himself and he was
saying kitten and kite and tracing and I
just think that it's really fun watching
Jackson grow up and mature and grow the
kid scissors I put those away because
Javed I love you boys today has been a
great day we've got a lot done so far
and it's still very early in the day
while the kids were having quiet time
nap time Ellie and I did our workout for
the day and these boys are having some
applesauce for an afternoon snack
yum yum in my tum tum you guys having
fun today
nicely oh well that sounds like a fun
idea maybe once you're all done with
your applesauce we can go watch minions
on the iPad well now that's just crazy
talk
are you crazy young man no are you cool
young man Calvin or Yoko young man
are you an awesome young man are you
handsome
oh are you smart are you confused
are you Calvin are you penny
uhit are you Jackson no you're Jack are
you Calvin
you just thing like that everything we
say is that Sicilian you are silly
Calvin can I
poo poo no I'm PV okay you're just
saying note that everything is like hmm
why are you saying don't know something
and let me very much oh you might give
me a hug oh you're all done okay well do
have Cleveland I'm sorry I probably
should give Calvin a little break and
not tease him like that he literally
just woke up I don't know a few minutes
ago but I just think that was the cutest
thing ever
mmm-hmm no I love our little boys okay
guys I am prepping some stuff for
tomorrow my cousin that is a health
coach is coming tomorrow and so I'm
getting a bunch of fruit and stuff
frozen because we're going to make a few
videos of what's Nellie's Bentley and
Jared is breaking out the new guitar and
I'm not going to lie at first my first
reaction because Jared's dad has been
looking at a guitar than is 5000 this is
Taylor can you can buy Taylor's from any
spectrum and so that's what I thought
you saw our I spent $5,000 on this well
I thought that not that you you and your
dad went in on the one that he want I
was like what
but this this is not even a fraction of
that that would be crazy
although I would never say no to a
guitar that nice but no this is this is
a nice guitar but it's not me not the
high-end Taylor yeah but
nice I mean I just love the color i
think it's just fresh yeah looks really
good
what's your song what song should I sing
for you any song oh I liked it
I met doc doctor break her in careful
uh-oh I know that look in your eye don't
you crash into me don't you crash into
me
oh no got me you got me I said by the
end of the summer Calvin will like this
bike and he just picked it up on all day
he's been on it
hi Carl you've been doing pretty good
yeah
Kevin here trick again whoa whoo Calvin
sakes he's making sound effects we're
all family ha ha that's ok huh
could you just give you a thumbs up
Kevin see ya
you ready for this as long as I can do
whatever I want
I asked Gerardus I could do la make
silly faces so as I was getting stuff on
the computer for the vlog tonight I
noticed there was an article about a
thing called movie path it's Netflix
co-founder came out with this and you
pay $10 a month and you get to see a
movie any day like as many movies as you
want but one movie per day and I was
thinking if you go one time a month that
doesn't seem like a bad deal at all we
usually go several times in the summer
and several times in like December yeah
so I'm wondering is that worth it like
value so but then you've got concessions
you know like popcorn of stuff or you
sneak them in so that's my question to
you guys you see $10 a month is that
worth it to go to the movies
unlimited unlimited well one per day
capital M it doesn't know like crazy
anyway that was just my thought and I
wanted to pass along to you guys and we
are going to end the vlog le and I
started a movie last night but we were
way too tired to finish it so we are
going to finish it tonight I can't even
remember what it was oh just kidding
thank you for watching guys let's hit
that thumbs up button for Ellie slapping
me in the face why
