yeah you know that's disgusting Calvin
Calvin does this sucker is on his feet
all over it is on this beat you wanna
see beat I'm going to wash the card is
that a look of it a listen
well good morning everybody are you
getting ready for school getting ready
to read more I'm just going through all
the books in the house kind of
straightening them up making sure you
know some certain bookstore in Calvin's
room summer and Jackson's they kind of
are kind of all ones into Jackson Jerr
hey what but do I need to get for the
boys I like those two we've been trying
to read a lot more and Jackson
absolutely loves little penguin gets the
hiccup we read that like three times a
night he loves a little blue truck I
mean we have a lot of ups he loves the
berenstain bears all right and of course
these are always bad my mom gets used to
the kids yeah some of the fun stuff at
one with their books that you guys love
let me know this is the airplane book
that I talk about all the time that's a
fun one to the Osbourne big machine but
Julie got that for us where's the plane
one is somewhere I need to find it but
the kids really love that one too all
right this is the airplane book that
I've talked about several times and you
shine your phone light or a flashlight
under each page and it shows you kind of
what you're reading it's really fun so
cool so that's one of his favorite but
is a dinosaur but I'm Mac users
what did it's not a cartoon hey we've
got to get our workout on all right
getting our workout are you going to
work out with us bud no okay will you
watch us while mommy enough pump the
iron we're going to start already we got
a jog Ellie got to get your jog on we
got a jog
warm up Jared I've been trying guys
yeah and that's how it's hard you got to
try first don't you dare there oh my
gosh it's hard on you really and I
gather press are hard
go ahead one back okay
here see right over there dad hi she's
been looking for him we're good
alright guys are you ready to ride in
the Batmobile hi Noah
we have no I here with us hanging out do
you want to try it first
have you ever written the mouse on a
wheel you have good but you don't have
to write let's see how let's see how it
goes
I hope he knows how to stop I think so
return it well Noah has that down the
kids are playing it feels like fall
outside guides it's like just enough for
a light jacket it's so good out here I
love it good job
okay guys we got the Pinot and the boys
are loving life and I was telling Jarrod
why oh that's a duck foot that does look
like a dad especially that one i bet i
actually does look like a little yes I
was telling Jarrod it's crazy how
Jackson and Calvin are so close in age
but when we do activities like this it
just goes to show how like Calvin still
is just a little you know how even
though they're only a year and a half
apart but their actions yeah there's a
record of their coordination and their
listening skills as you know I mean it's
just crazy he did just turn two
he's a two-year-old and yeah
three-year-old yeah I mean Calvin masive
traumatizes back but anyway it's cute I
like watching them paint you lock and
loaded
locked and loaded you ready to rock
plenty you good Calvin you're ready to
rock yeah Macklemore are you ready to
rock
let's hit it giddyup girl because we're
about to rock and roll
we have not ventured out a ton in crowds
with penny but we are all the whole fam
family we are going to this small area
and I think it's time for me to hit up
some lush no absolute ass please like
everything we've gone to the mall like
you want to get some lush and that's
five times then no and I'm flabbergasted
and now I'm like okay one of you guys
just told me that lush does a monthly
subscription I called and I was talking
to them about it and they found it
actually four years they said it's been
so deep in their website a lot of people
don't know about it and then they just
like redid something and they're kind of
bringing it back to surface anyways like
we will look into that a little more
penny girls doing good kids you're all
doing good and happy crossing the road
good to go this is fun I love it but
she's doing great
I'm like so proud of her tell me what
are you doing over there what are you
doing you good you good you good mister
you so cute
should you and Tom and get one of those
okay I don't think there's a toy in it
but it's really cool
Calvin do you want to hold one we'll go
get one for you okay Calvin has his
Jackson's found several and Mama had
found plenty shoo go buy em okay Calvin
can you come up here fun one hello the
kids had just as much fun as I did
oh my goodness Calvin Jackson just
really wants to hold his yeah there's no
so good penny do you want to smell oh
yeah right you would eat them penny
speaking out penny penny saw a mommy
that's naughty
all right you would think I bought
enough at lush but I did forget one
thing and I ran in and they saw the
family and penny out here and they're
like you can bring your dog in we love
dogs and I was like that's uh nice of
you but your store would be eaten and I
really have to buy everything it was but
they were fun you want to go to the
candy store you are your mother's son
you know that you have a sweet tooth
where's your teeth oh I'm a treat you
too
I'm Ellie you got a few of them oh my
goodness we have had so much fun guys
did you have a good time yes we all got
a little treat for the ride home
we're just getting ready for bathroom
break before we head home y'all got a
treat he grew off had fun but it was fun
getting on the house especially you
girls just kind of working on our
training around other people with her
we're on our way home and
I will never ever ever get to me it is
just so beautiful and I often get asked
what my favorite lush bomb is and it
definitely is the butterball because it
is so moisturizing and fall is coming so
I definitely grabbed plenty to hold me
over for like a month
you haven't you've got a lot of slush
balls lately so like stocked up girl
you're going to take everyone take bath
and go to bed misty sighing I'll be
there Peter before they see ya yeah
that's disgusting Calvin Calvin does
this sucker is on his feet all over it's
on this beat you know I'm not as easy I
know that so grass but I get a little
lick of that sucker I'm gonna wash the
cars I don't like of it Alyssa why don't
you tell me what's honest people for
what I know it is he's like so happy oh
oh my gosh Calvin don't come when you
get too embarrassed he covers his eyes I
think he knows that you're talking about
a speed yeah Calvin you're Peter stinky
no look at him Calvin are you
embarrassed
you're not my feet stink to him he is
like toes are returned Calvin oh now
you're being a go Calvin hi okay I'm
looking at a blue backup guys
why is the water so blue yeah that's so
cool and your face is so dirty look how
blue that water is that's crazy you have
a blue bath bomb where's your bath bomb
yeah a robot bath bomb that's so cool
Calvin what colors the water what color
is it blue that's right that's exactly
right good job
come Ellie the boys all have robot that
bomb did I get one
but I got you dead oh good I was like
whoa what is that
I don't know what happens don't know I
don't like smells like very masculine
right now really does I know I got
filled up
I was very salty very soft my gosh comes
Butterball's all the white those are
butterball I did get a new one is you
talking uh-huh well that's cool oh that
smells great so like bubblegum you can't
have more only one but too bad mom I
have another Oh tomorrow
South that sound good okay
you found brother stache a toys under
his pillow this is where Jackson puts
his toys at night okay might winner boys
house doing Daniel good tiger and and
that's a sad book okay the puppet book
and Daniel today absolutely Daniel died
has okay sounds great let's read these
with our twinners I love my voice
obviously I am their mother but I'm very
grateful for them they are so sweet
okay let's read books it's time for bed
okay Kevin's live in I think I don't
think so I think last time it went a
little not good and it's already past
that time you went to bed good that he
did not you guys just made me lie just
looking it like it makes me laugh
because they're just so funny like they
just have a lot of personality and he
plankton okay should we take a night to
our friends good no I agree no it
good night good night couch I good night
