you
I think our kitties are hungry mama Katy
Perry I started eating and now they all
want nobody who's that yeah you had to
be a kitty cat
yeah I was after one of our families I
can't remember but I wonder why they do
kitty cat instead of a dog because we
have a dog I think with the Halloween
Batali ahead of you cap and I bet it was
either are you being a good kitty cat
today
yeah are you being a good kitty cat
today yeah no more nice kitty cat mama
wants to eat now okay you don't want
some ferocious felines here do ya angry
kitty cat I bet you guys didn't know
that we had two new pets in our house
today we have new pest guys guys did you
know that we have new pets Jackson you
have a kitty cat in Calvin you have a
kitty cat we have kitty cats now I just
hope Pena gets along with you guys
happy Sunday everyone it is 11 o'clock
and I am so happy to say that we have
two hours until church and everyone is
already ready that means we get to hang
out and that also means I could make
some lunch
oh that's such a great idea oh oh my
goodness do you have how'd that happen
I gotta run downstairs battle and ice
mask your waters house okay see it
ouch but are you doing okay yeah looks
pretty bad but you're tough huh yeah I'm
making a table tell me okay that's a
great idea we could even could do a
band-aid today if you want you Angela
okay alright let's play a little scratch
others a hue so sweet
anyway like I was saying I'm making
lunch today I'm already dressed up for
church I don't want to get messy I don't
anything on this I should have waited to
get ready before I made lunch but I have
something in here I think it's in here
anyway
hot tada a book dick do you ha ha here
we go
king of the grill there's Jackson's
handprint in Calvin's handprint for
Father's Day my mom had the kids make
this for me so I'm going to wear my
apron while I make lunch and crisis
averted that is seriously creepy there
are no kids around I just walked out of
the cat of the pantry there's a fidget
spinner spinning on the ground right
here Ellie I'm not even joking you I
didn't touch it
I'm not joking I did not touch it and
it's still going like it doesn't look
like it's even slowing down that's kind
of creepy Jackson Jackson that's kind of
creepy good Villa cheese not again
and that looks like one amazing one it's
all about presentation baby you look
like a chef you like my coat
yeah yeah thank you sure it's gonna get
rent yeah so the oil wouldn't splash up
on my new shell looks great
so we got a pork tenderloin with
zucchini and potatoes it hurts
cheating's on your bottom and I'll take
them off all right these are the third
third pair of shoes I have put on Calvin
today and these are Jackson's old church
shoes you okay now
yeah these used to be yours and then his
church shoes it usually wears didn't fit
head today
and then another pair of Jackson's all
the church shoes did not fit Calvin
these ones so these don't fit Calvin
these don't fit Calvin he's gonna go to
church today barefoot inside and I will
have to get him some mortar shoes you
literally just let your crazy cross part
with his shoes holy cow and I think
these ones still fit you so let's try
them on we'll see
holy cow Jackson's church shoes now fit
Calvin and they don't fit Jackson to
Jackson is my go to church which is saag
oh my goodness guy is up why are you
growing so much well why I'm stop
growing into you are going to be in the
same size it'll be Jared click in the
same size are those better okay mister I
went through three pair of shoes these
are Jackson and they fit him now yeah I
know you have no shoes so are you okay
to going to church or just your socks
maybe your booth said okay for today
all right we got Jackson some shoes for
church Calvin's wearing church shoes and
our future babe
will have plenty of shoes diesel price
at Calvin next spring there's these all
these shoes so those would be great I'll
just shove those there
oh my god I can't stop growing I love it
they're so cute but it's crazy last week
all their churches fit so what's it
going to be how are you going to take
your backpack to church are you going to
leave it in the car you want to take it
okay all right let's go to church
what are you doing this to home today
yes where do you want your picture in
your room okay
let's go put it in your room all right
Jack's not have to hang this in his room
Calvin's very upset so cup please don't
mind him getting mad well where do you
want to hang it here Oh put it on the
wall and all I'll help put it on there
okay turn it around stick into the
picture you want to put it right there
Wow you want a straight boots
sorry there you go okay
okay see ya Jackson colored this at
church and he really wanted to hang it
in his room that cute little picture
will hang right there we just got back
from church and before church we had
this delicious a healthy great meal but
now that we're back I'm hungry again and
the only thing that I was like you know
what that's a really good Totino's pizza
rolls is that so bad Ellie in my
terrible person qualitative seriously oh
he wants him to should we make those cal
no he's just kind of cranky because he
just woke up he took a really great nap
during church actually he slept for like
an hour and a half in my arm and it was
bad the room that I was sitting in with
Calvin's didn't have any air
conditioning so we were both like
sweating like crazy and then class got
over and were like oh comment to the AC
it's so nice and calling her and we both
did really
okay I'm going to eat those up I don't
care what you guys think is my guilty
pleasure right now what is until
ministers of copper speaking we're about
to take off here we've got clear skies
the whole way three all came here from
the back three let's go you're going to
Disneyland that's awesome Oh got my
Latin reference oh you're just clever
you're going to Hawaii checks and where
are you going where are you going hi
Hawaii where are you going Cody
Disneyland Lincoln where you going
oh yeah Calvin oh you're falling off is
what you're doing Jackson are you so
excited that your cousins are back Wow
did you miss them so much
oh all right I miss my buddies too we're
just hanging out here in the backyard
it's a beautiful day it is not too hot
like this is nice this is the best time
of the year oh you're gonna say Mel's
like well that's not new not new at all
oh that's where Calvin's going bye bud
have a safe trip make sure you drop a
line
and we will contour
why is this your favorite thing to do in
a whole world when we're in the hot tub
when we're out here you like filet on
those towels don't you okay close your
eyes go to sleep oh yeah okay okay now
close your eyes lay down lay down
closest chick yeah you are such a cute
little guy you know that that honestly
Calvin will grab a towel a three zone
with a hot tub it'll lay it out and
jacks me like you know what that's a
good idea
I'm going to do that too so they'll lay
out and like sunbathe for a minute it's
the cutest thing
Oh got a partner got a partner whistle
no whistle like loud whistle way wet
still keeps him house you do it you
whistle you don't know how that was
funny that was so funny
some days are a day of family and fun
and being together and that's what we've
done today it's just been so great to be
with these kids all day long today and
go to church and be together as a family
so from our family to yours we hope you
have a wonderful week thank you so much
for watching the video if you enjoyed it
give a thumbs up check out the merchant
the description down below and we'll see
you tomorrow bye
