yeah he's like this is my house Oh
boohoo ah ah I woke up this morning and
I was like I'm gonna make muffin that
sounds pretty good and then I went to
put everything in the pot and I'm out of
eggs and it's really early in the
morning and I'm not going to go grocery
shopping right now so what do we have I
think we have bread so you can have
toast you can have cereal absolutely not
what I one does avoid muffin I'll make
you in a little bit when I get an egg
and I got my muffin my neighbor came
through yay I got an egg from her it's
hot huh it's hot but you know what
they're better than cookies Todd let's
blow on it you blow
do they look good
is it yummy I woke up and I really
wanted muffin you can't because you're
so tiny so hot
good I see you iron my muffins
mmm oven that's your muffin and these
are my muffins hey muffin thanks for
making these muffins for me muffin okay
you see what I did there
alright we're going to try something new
come on mr. Jackson here Calvin so these
used to be your favorite toys and they
are special so I don't let them just
free we have them they actually were
sent to us in Jackson the baby because
you love them so much the kids love to
come in our rooms in the mornings and
some mornings they go and play toys all
morning sometimes they watch shows all
morning and I want to try and have them
not watch shows as much so a thing is in
these drawers and so I'm just going to
put those toys in here
so that when they come in my room and
play this is what they can play wise
like what they just like gravitated they
don't do this with all their toys
walking dog then just who did this one
yep that goes in there and the bus
are you trying to get him one for some
cute cute brotherly love that honestly
was like excreting and I don't know
because Jackie boss is heading trying to
make him feel better
he's just being nice all over go with
your Instagram stories cutest presently
moment oh my goodness it is 11:15 I have
no idea how time is scape me boys we
have to go let's get your shoes on we
have something very important to do know
we're now going to bunny we're going
somewhere very special I'll get I got to
get their shoes on and then I'll tell
you all about it alright so if you guys
didn't know my dad is actually in a band
he's in a jazz band and they are playing
a well Charles at a local event and
we're going to go listen for them is the
first time I've ever been able to listen
to my dad play in advance so I want to
make sure that we get there I know I'm
just anxious and excited gaze everyone
walked and loaded ready to rock and roll
Taylor Swift are you ready to play some
music for us let's go that was a very
winning time hot side pocket I pulled up
kids there in the seat we're ready to go
giddyup girl we made it to the bear and
I don't forget playing yet what's great
remember doing that look at that jump
the jump thing do you remember doing
that to do it again today
Oh
this one testing Wow that's my dad
successfully embarrass my dad while he's
on stage good for you oh man
grandpa's music already put someone to
sleep got a kick up the solos on grandpa
now he fell asleep on the way here he's
so summation live pickles and also rupee
I think those are the time of the game
if I scream I do
are you scared good are you excited yeah
you jump so high how high are you gonna
jump very high Jackson are you in the
mood to jump
these are our neighbor sheep we came to
say hi is this your friend cheap-jack
no this herd we have some friends from
far away and we have some friends that
are moving far away we're all together
hi where you guys are crazy
you're going on an adventure we are all
here playing we're getting ready for
some grubs try it oh come in yeah you
can almost stand up yeah I look okay you
can I officially can Stannis oh my gosh
you can see the toes
oh hi you put on cards in your cabins
all right ready to eat the door Oh
keeping all your toys out you seem a
little nervous
you are you hoarding your toys are you
doing a silent treatment to our
chocolate milk truck candy some pizza
let me to leave you on
our friends that are here they live
repressive a piglet do you know that
they have actions like that but a peg we
need you guys to say few more days
yeah you guys don't down tight eggs I
promise just you have really cool
British accents know any Michael they'd
American eyes it is a nice completely
just your fence oppresses yeah there's
no changes of them they subtypes of it
like American subtype no no but Jackson
does say shall we go shall we go to the
mocha I mean like what like we don't
ever say that it's cute those like
polite so as you guys saw we have salmon
Jenica and the Wilkey waves over here
and our friends from across the pond so
I have something special for you you
guys don't have a ton of root beer over
there I think was Eagle is that she in
it you guys put it up in a hallway
because we made probably he made root
beer in Finland okay so yeah so I have
two of my favorite kinds of root beer I
have Henry wine hearts and Joan Jones
root beer so that and then also Fanta
like this is like the strangest
strangest requests ever is like yeah I
like some Fanta yeah and the berry kind
so and I know you like my new saw but I
didn't know which can you wanted so I
got both for you and then Ellie Ellie
was like gender second kind of Gatorade
like I was like sorry ok but you like Dr
Pepper hey
dr. Pedro veneers yeah there you go I
got that for you
well the Avengers have shown up at our
house and they've acclaimed Stan as the
enemy spider-man has taken the Sam
captive oh look put them in jail boys
take him downtown book them up
wait Avengers Avengers I need a pose
show me your superhero poses
Oh
he's like this is my house
she tried lighting it once as you
couldn't do it sorry thought the kids
were in bed and I just came in here at
least he did it so neatly I think that
is so cute Calvin just took all the
wipes out of here and not neatly put
them on his bed come my skin bed I
thought you were asleep so I took a
shower they've got no no way down yeah
we talked doggies I'm going to put them
all back because they're still wet and
good but you did that so nicely do you
use those on your butt and your bum bum
look on nicely all like all of those
okay goodnight
your clean up snake eyes and you thought
I look scary earlier people tonight
