it's on her to go away hey you were you
telling her not to take your drink mr.
Tao you're pretty good around her look
at her nose did you just to get four
notes
you're pretty good around penny you know
she kind of followed us miss Tia kind of
grabs things but you just tell her no
and keep walking huh can you get her a
new ball where is it yeah you'll have to
show us she'd love that
I'm her oh she's gonna love it
hey hey no I think she she's in a bun
real quick what do you want oh did you
eat your first one you did oh oh oh how
do you ask me yes I'll come yourself yep
good man good jack
I haven't entered the backyard he wants
another breadstick sure give it to them
shall we give your lipstick well only if
you complete the very important tasks
first task you must kiss your mother on
the lip huh I love good says Jimmy catch
this is the easiest no he made an
aggressively get harder give it good
good
now y'all task number two you must go
down that slide on your belly guess
we're not going to have another
breadstick that oh are you go down the
side then we can have one ah
revolta scissors you can change your
answer although ask next week is the
solar eclipse the total solar eclipse
that hasn't happened in the United
States for like a hundred years and
we're doing something fun for that and
in preparation we have been getting some
things here and there for the trailer
because we're taking the trailer Oh kind
of dark in here let me see if I got
something here we got a brand new
flashlight that is supposedly very
bright holy crab would you look at right
that thing is it's so beautiful it's
beautiful don't worry guys I'm just fine
but look how powerful that light is it's
like a thousand lumens it's hard to like
that's like so we're just grabbing some
things here and there I'm excited
because mom and dad are going to be
staying here in the trailer with us and
so that will be a lot of fun to go
through and find out all of the things
that we need to accommodate four adults
and two kids not just our little family
because we'll be able to sleep everyone
inside of us and that's what I'm really
excited about so I'm just kind of going
through here making a mental checklist
of all the things that we'll need to get
for this because apparently food is
going to be sparse in these areas so
you're not going to be able to go to the
stores to get these things because
they're going to be closed the day of
for sure and maybe in the day before
news outlets have been telling residents
in the area that we're going to have
your food two weeks in advance because a
half a million people are coming to
these areas to witness this Eclipse so
we're gathering all the things that we
need well I'm stripping and pulling all
the things that we need beforehand to
get ready and I'm
I'm excited that gives us like
preparation for what is there is like
some sort of crazy apocalypse will we be
ready well we need anything else what
else do we need or we can have it's
going to be great just like so right
like I can't even believe how bright
light is I think I came up with a pretty
great idea and I know just the person
who to tell us to pay me hi sister girl
how are you hey I've got a great idea
and it involves you you ready I think it
would be so fun if you and me went on a
walk with our family hey that rhymes
should we go let's go come on let's go
oh I'm on a walks I passed upon a walk
with my beautiful family Jackson is a
soap and he's out why I knew I knew not
walking so he listened I knew not to
bring the double stroller because both
the kids would get out
hi dad come on here show me your speed
show me yours booze
daddy pumped up his tires they were like
flies could be whoa good stop bro are
you excited people been asking when you
start school you start in one month huh
yeah see your teachers and friends
everyone always leaves me I seriously
was like I don't want to be in a double
shell I said because they'll get out but
I wanted them to sit but at the same
time it's not fun to strap them in
because you know and she'll scream
I just robbed him in a well I'll just
push the numpty stroller come on cow and
plane and rocks riding his bike come
here mister
to push Jackson away yes you go to try
to cover yourself with this and then
turn into a playback Kelvin year love is
a little dream I can't rely goes Cal the
Jackie was getting ready for his pajamas
and everything though
are you blowing raspberry his belly
button he shot it it's a miracle we must
be in a dream girls the best dance that
we've ever seen how did you learn skills
like that push girls always simply
trolled around it is just about quiet
company bondage aren't you asleep para
Kelvin they don't actually pay me when I
sleep in my bed all right we're reading
the kids books burying them being so
honest he wants to have them to sleep in
his bed so I think we're gonna let them
I've read this like a hundred times our
household today has felt very different
than our day-to-day there just has seem
to be a lot of stress going on right now
so we just kind of haven't blogged a lot
today and where well these kids have
themselves I don't think they're really
happy so we just be kind of just lost
much today and we've tried to spend the
evening
it's a family reading books eating
dinner at the table and it's just
amazing how different the feeling in the
house is now yeah
how fast it can change this is so here's
the thing and I'm I mean like I'm not
going to beat around the bush like we
had our games today yeah we got an
argument and the thing about Ellie and I
is and I think we said this quite a few
we don't like to let arguments draw out
like the sagas are and and we had a
couple argument today and I feel like we
did a really great job settled and we
feel good about that yeah nothing big
part of why we feel good now where
occurs is when we did yes you know what
I mean yeah and I love you I love you I
wish we could even talk more maybe we
can issue Sally big deal it Chism how
did you is working with like other
companies and sometimes that's very
stressful and that's kind of assume the
root of what was going on today it was
just like we were just done you know and
it's not fun when on the other end
people aren't doing what they say they
will and we're trying to hold our name
to a good standard and so we were just
frustrated and then you know then
working together you know being a
married couple working together working
together at home it just caused some
stress you may have saw my Instagram
posts from earlier today and like
everything I say in there is true and
like what absolutely go with marriage
has its ups and maps it has its rocky
parts but working together side by side
is so important I think it's a huge
blessing for us yeah they're able to
have conversations and getting down to
the root of problem and try and solve
them right then and there instead of
having them draw out yeah I think that's
I know there's a lot of people have I
feel really grateful that we know I am
very grateful and today today was a good
day and I sometimes I do feel bad that
it's like Oh what are we gonna vlog
today like we haven't hugged office it's
like we just need you to like recoup for
a minute and then you know that we
needed to be with the kids and then
just a day went by fast now we're here
and I know a lot of you are just like a
lot but we get you know a daily video
can't always be well I did the Oh bags I
think sometimes vlogs like this are the
more important one the message that
appears across yeah I got marriage about
formation and that sort of saying yeah
yeah then about our cute kids I know I
these kids always make life easier to be
honest okay
go black day Abed Kyle Jetta cost you a
fish
I came back if you want to sleep in here
tonight
I'm he's reading the book okay I need a
feeling work I'm going to be anxious to
see how they sleep tonight and the bed
together and try I think so why not it's
Friday night slumber party yeah let's
try it
hey hey we might not get any sleep but
they might well that and honestly it's
like fleas is a big deal we really
haven't gotten much sleep between now we
had CVX and we came back and Calvin was
going through something and so like the
last like four nights he's been up a lot
and then we haven't done what to do yes
I said that help you like run marathons
yeah morning and play games and it's
cute but frustrating okay let's get
these kiddos to bed well that didn't
last very long not at all but the cuter
thing about it Ellie and I went upstairs
and the boys actually stayed in the room
for a lot longer than I thought they
were laughing and playing they were
playing and laughing and it was just so
cute music to our little ears except
they're like okay it's a we you need to
go to bed now but the kids are in their
own beds and they're both asleep and I'm
just grateful that we have the ability
to communicate and I can't stress how
important enough that is in the marriage
and I'm just glad that I have you in my
youtube that
you're mine I mean and this isn't like I
mean we have arguments no it's not like
ours we the first argument in six months
but you know it just atmosphere today
was a little more yes so we just didn't
really vlog this morning that yeah but
but I love you I still love you
hey guys thanks so much for watching so
see you tomorrow but why am i laughing I
don't know No well that's fun it's
perfect we take Oxford laugh when we can
service our stressful day yeah perfect
let's watch a movie let's do it
99 movie night bye
