I bet you by the end of this year you'll
be able to read that'll be so much fun
huh good morning guys off you having a
fantastic day if you're not having a
fantastic day I have something that's
going to make your day even better this
is the most adorable thing that you'll
see all day today get ready
Kalli looked out here play they curl up
on the couch and he put himself to bed
Wow 10 as a parent's dream come true
kids if you want to make your parents
happy put yourself down for a nap in
some brownie points
your parents will love you even more you
may be the favorite child
I excited to put on your back yeah are
you excited to hold your breath
underwater yes are you excited to swim
fast
should we go to America
your favorite part yeah okay we have a
blog somewhere where you are walking and
swimming around the hanging from this
I'm going to try and find it so we can
insert that cute baby well that is a
wrap for Jackson into sending lessons
today did you know that Canon asked to
watch your video today healed Aunt Linda
watches a different Linda hi Aunt Linda
and Canon and all of our three carbons
at watch did you have fun at City horses
did you do well you worked really good
on floating on his back and he works
really well at blowing bubbles under the
water huh nose bubbles under the water
you got your goggle okay stand up oh one
entry
dang girl
Oh what your hair is fly it looks good
Ellie what does that go not the Donald
Trump well your hair right here wait let
me push it over EAL they're ugly it's
not only only some people have hair like
that okay and then all they have to work
with okay you look good so went having
shorter hair that I suck it is harder to
do the first day but maybe it's because
it is just so glad they're having a lot
to work with but right now I'm just
taking my hair in little sections taking
my wand I'm curling one section towards
my face one section away from my face
and it could be really tight today but
tomorrow it'll loosen up and it'll be
really pretty tomorrow I think I want to
do a video of my skincare routine and I
want to do my makeup routine
it's like end-of-summer how much what I
want to do what I've been doing this
summer so just come in here I'm getting
ready Church tonight they're having a
activity and they are talking all about
canning and how to can fruit and so I am
excited to go to that because my whole
life growing up my parents would can
food and I kind of paid attention and
it'll be nice to go to a little
refresher class so that's what I'm doing
tonight
all right guys I haven't you to do list
to do on my little notebook and one was
the office two is the pantry I wanted to
get a few more containers for the pantry
because a lot of the times like the kids
at their crafts or play-doh or whatnot
goes in the pantry because we just do it
right there at the kitchen table I
didn't get time for that today and I
didn't get time for Sam's Club but I did
go to the office supply store the whole
family actually did but jerko
because mr. sleepyhead
swimmer pants swimmer dude that's what
I'm trying to say he's asleep look at
his arms his arms have been like that
for like 45 minutes he is not unzipped
up I washed him by scratch isn't it us
so what I needed to get there was stuff
for Jarrod's often it is back-to-school
for season and we're trying to organize
a little bit do you guys feel is when
you organize something your pantry your
closet your office you tend to have to
go back often and reorganize it well as
it seems like this is something I am not
good at like I love to keep things clean
and I love to keep them organized I'm
just terrible at keeping them organized
I'll do it but I'm the key upkeep is
what gives me so I feel like some of
these things that we got today are going
to help with that I'm really hoping
because if Iverson talked about that
lock I go I'm clean I'm on a local
because I know it's probably really
annoying but that's what we're doing so
I got a few things I ran into a top not
target seagull caws crow hat target the
brand is popping but I got that weight
wake up the bran is poppin and pop pop
rapid but this I figured for our
checkbooks and stuff and then right here
is when it will look like that so it's
two trays so and that first cover is
where we have the harness nuts what it
will look like so we're going to do or
go home and we all you're hanging all
right I just try and clear this out a
little bit so it's not crazy messy but
earlier just all this stuff and more
papers were just like shoved and
throwing there so before and not a crazy
difference but for us it is yay so this
is where our mail goes this is like
papers it I don't want to throw away but
like I want to hold on to this is that
whole Sun Valley thing that I had talked
about forever ago that way those are
just papers I want to have tape glue
stick scissors whatever will go in there
and then our checks and stamps and pens
right there so much better getting all
this stuff for my office and made me
think about going back to school and the
feelings associated with going back to
school and I want to
ask you le a very important question
anxiety what did you realize that cool
yeah when I went back to school I was
always very excited it was always fun
laying out your outfit for the first day
of school I just was always nervous like
I was nervous I went to find my classes
I was nervous about my teachers I
remember you were nervous and excited
you are more nervous than excited yeah I
remember you always telling me you and
have dreams that you forget your locker
combination and that's the dream that I
never ever had yeah that would give me
anxiety of forgetting where my locker
was and then close yeah what is going on
are they spicy you got from one extreme
to another oh yeah not have too many
woke up really happy about Tic Tac do
you like tic tacs let me smell your
breath whoa that's the minty fresh death
breath last house this catastrophe dance
with me because if you got the pause and
I got the remedy the remedy the
experience this is a dangerous liaison I
said the comedy is that it's serious
this is a strange enough to play on the
word says analogy is how you're gonna
spend the rest of your life with the
slide also find a lot and all of your
friends when it all amounts to nothing
in the end okay I'll stop I'll stop
I was always really really excited for
the first day of school and that's about
it I think I miss my friends and I
wanted to see them again the ones I
didn't really hang out over summer with
and once I got the you know the schedule
down the classes down is like well this
was just kind of school again the dream
that I had the most Ellie was that I
forgot to go to a class all year long or
all semester long and I would remember
that class on the very last week or
during finals week and I would have to
take the final and not just like I get
anxious about that yeah like the first
day that's no big deal I love the first
day I love seeing the teachers I love
seeing everyone again but finally oh
that kills me
as nerve-racking are you guys excited
yes way scares a lot of kids are running
about just right now so if you're
watching just try to make an extra
effort to be nice to everybody yeah
absolutely let us know how you're
feeling about going to school in the
comments down below and like Ellie said
let's make an extra effort to be very
friendly to your old friends and new
friends and welcoming on the very first
day of school
hey mr. tic-tac are you excited for
school again what are you excited for it
to see at school again your cousin's do
you mean your friend from school yeah
you have lots of cousins that are your
friends so it's easy to make that mix it
up
yeah are you excited to learn again
you're good Calvin what Calvin are you
excited for school well are you excited
to read books myself that's right you
are learning how to read a book yourself
how cool is that I bet you by the end of
this year you'll be able to read that'll
be so much fun huh yeah I'm going to go
ahead and assume that 90% of you either
don't care what I'm talking about or
don't know what I'm talking about but
tonight was awesome I was streaming on
Twitch and I was playing a player
unknown battleground and I got my very
first winner winner chicken dinner it
was awesome the stream was amazing we
had so much fun and now it's late at
night
Eliott asleep the kids are asleep and
penny isn't that so we are going to call
it a night thank you guys for watching
the video today if you enjoyed it please
give it a big thumbs up Jackson's doing
awesome with swimming and so let's give
him a big thumbs up and Calvin is just
adorable when he was sleeping this
morning it was just so stinking cute
okay guys we're going to call it a night
thank you for watching and it's Friday
for a lot of you guys so have a great
weekend and we will see you tomorrow bye
