okay we're gonna go into the ready
so this is too messy according to your
standards huh
I just put Jackson over there to eat
breakfast good morning guys and he goes
this is too messy I'm gonna sit at the
counter and I just had to laugh because
I keep a clean home like that's what I
like to do it's kind of like a
therapeutic I like to like just feel
like my environment is getting organized
but I never like if kids make messes
I've never like oh dang hitter I don't
get mad it's like oh I'll just pick it
up real clean it up or yeah you know
every other day we'll vacuum a force cuz
there'll be tons of dog hair everywhere
I don't get upset you know so I just
think that that's funny they do like
this is too messy
I'm getting ready to get family ready to
go to the pool because Jackson had
swimming lessons again today and I have
been sitting here it's a really warm
washcloth on my eye because I'm trying
to get rid of this dang sty just been
here for a few days ah and I hurt so bad
can you see it right there that big red
dot think it just is so painful and hard
my mom said that I had one in that same
spot when I was a baby and I was really
little she said it was really bad so I'm
just trying to get rid of this dang
thing my mom said do hot water and hold
it on there and just put pressure on
there and I did that all night and I'm
doing that right now it just hurts it
just feels like a big deep hurtings it
but it's not as it trying to get ready
to go guys Jarrod's getting the video up
I think the kids are playing oh they're
not fighting are you guys fighting or
are you playing you're playing oh that
makes me happy I'd be sad if you're
fighting what are you playing in oh well
that's not new that's cool
did he just fall
while you're talking to it fellas well I
woke up this morning and he was on the
rocking chair in his room asleep he'd
got up I loved drifting Jackson is doing
his around a swimming lessons today and
we thought it'd be fun to bring the
whole family with us this is at the
Aquatic Center he just jumped backwards
off of the side that kid is just crazy
fearless but we're here at the Aquatic
Center and I just made the realize that
we've only been here like once or twice
this year haven't we not this year not
even this year oh yes show is our first
time oh my gosh well it just made me
think like it's August already people
are starting school did we take
advantage of our summer vacation yeah do
you think so we did yeah that was fun
okay I feel like we absolutely lived
this summer oh yeah and we still have a
little time left before Jackson goes
back to preschool oh my gosh that's so
weird to say he's not going to school
he's going back to school early like
he's already gone before and sooner or
later you will be going soon too
it's not gonna be crazy when we have two
kids in school yeah that'll be
are you ready to go are you excited yeah
I know that go ahead you're a big brave
boy hunt
oh you're brave too and we're gonna go
into the water this time be ready
you are so independent
it really is scary oh he just messes
everything by himself like he's like mom
I don't need to dead he can't he can't
we have to keep an extra eye on this
this one huh
if you'd like this now and that's gonna
be like it's it's good independence is
good
all right we ask Jax if he wanted to
brave the diving board today hey he's
gonna try the diving bar so let's see
I'm nervous for you but you're a good
big boy huh and yeah
daddy I'll be there at the end for you
I'll catch him I mean I won't catch em
up no don't want you to catch em just be
there
if you guys have been following me on
Twitter you'll know that one of my most
anticipated tweets at the end of the
week is how long it takes me to mow my
lawn well I have some good news and some
bad news the good news is I'm about to
mow my lawn so I'm about to see how fast
I can do it
the bad news is is I'm actually going to
lower the lawnmower just a smidge our
grass is more mature now so I can handle
a little lower cutting I'm gonna lower
it so it's gonna take me a little longer
so I'm probably not gonna make the sub
60-minute lawn mow I just wanted to tell
you guys now so maybe next week and next
week I'll be ready I'm just it'll die
just have to back it a few more times
that's all that's gonna affect my timing
maybe if I sprint it up I can do it but
I want to make sure it's a good one
anyway just thought you guys should know
you're not following me on Twitter right
here follow me on Twitter it's funny but
it's true I like to see how fast I go on
the lawnmower
alright 3:44 go
438 nine for 38 to 44 yeah and you had a
lot of distractions cuz we had to like
well too much suffer I had to move the
airplane by myself I have to empty the
bag like two more times I normally do
looks good I also did a new pattern up
top do want to take a look
sure I want you to see if you can tell
the differences and you'll it'll be d
I've been watering some stuff guys we
have some pretty sad plants here it
looks good you did that way versus round
way you know that way penny I like that
you follow away you I don't good job
alright don't mind my hot mess that I
have going on but what is two things
that you want to be very consistent at
but usually you're not not saying you or
not but like often times you see online
people are not mine is definitely
cooking is something that I really like
I'm not as consistent as I want to be
and working out
do you have monkeys those are definitely
my two things is working out and a
cooking and I feel like with the kids
and our lifestyle like I naturally am
one to like get up and go and I feel
like even though I don't like work out
work out everyday I stuff like my heart
is racing all the time but Jared has
been wanting to be better and I told him
that I get overwhelmed when I am cooking
all the time
I breakfast lunch and dinner and he's
like I'm you to order hell afresh all
the time for you I'm like thanks that
helps a lot but it really does so I'm
making another meal tonight they're not
sponsoring today's video but I love it
when they do because when they want to
work with me I always jump on it but
that's what I'm making tonight it
honestly has helped guys having some
food in the fridge where everything's
already put together and I just made
get I still cook often throughout the
week but just knowing I can have three
dinners that are already like made for
me pretty much is really nice and
working out Jer and I have been doing a
little bit of p90x in the mornings
hardly at all I would say like three or
four times and we've been doing a little
workouts like on my phone so not tons
but we're getting there and it feels
good when we're busy it feels good when
we're working out when we're eating good
like I really like it but those are
things that are hard to be consistent at
and we're trying but Jared's definitely
getting his workout right now outside
almost time he's just edging and it
looks so good out there I'm so happy
with how everything is turning out could
not be happier dinner is ready
and you guys have treated me several
times say that lush has a subscription
service now what would we walk by at
lunch the other day Jared site want to
go in I think it's okay I love lush and
I'll go crazy if I go in the store I
just knew I shouldn't go crazy this time
but I was like I should do that Jared I
don't know how it works if it's like
they send 30 lush balls a month I would
hope it's 30 you know take a bath a day
have 30 lush balls but that'd be pretty
sweet okay you kiddos I've been hearing
you play and giggle well I've been
cooking mr. ghost
let's go eat let's go eat so I went
inside to go grab my laptop and Jackson
and Calvin were out playing here with
one of the neighbors I grabbed all my
things and by the time I came back
outside we have four different neighbor
kids over at our house playing on this
airplane thing and is like the cutest
thing ever they're all just playing over
and having fun I have no idea like where
these kids but it is just the sweetest
thing seeing them all play on this
little airplane like how fun is it like
this is why I love living in this
neighborhood it's because all the kids
are just like so good together they're
all so close in age and they have fun
together like that's the cutest thing
ever I love our neighborhood and our
family and our friends and we took some
really sweet pictures oh yeah you just
took a few family photos and I need to
get going on that that drone video I'm
almost done with this oh I have to get
that and now we'll be up on my channel
I'll let you know later when it's all
the way down hey how was your I feeling
better hurt still oh wait wait wait wait
there's an indentation in your eyeball
Ellie that is that where your sty is
yeah right there out she's yet yeah
we'll see how I yeah oh stop that stop
that table the room yes well that was
kind of creepy okay I'm zooming out is
it hurting
yeah I'm sorry we'll put another warm
towel on it okay yeah thank you guys so
much for watching today I think we're
gonna go ahead and say good night we
asked to you look how cute that picture
is no sweet little dinosaur what have we
talked about your okay say goodnight to
our friends goodnight those I'm talking
