by section oh yeah I had the green balls
or even a reason why I'm sorry
access denied
well good morning I wonder where you all
went to high gain well are you in the
granola bar Wow well you know that
they're gonna go home soon okay I have
to pre-warn all right guys so what we're
doing now is we're cleaning them up from
all the fun we had but not only cleaning
whatever little dance parties we've got
some music here Jackson's taking the
main stage right now oh man he is going
Miley Cyrus on that right now dude he is
smashing it like crazy
whoo I always feel like having a little
dance party well you can it makes it a
little bit fun and a little bit faster
so let's get to it guys
I'm out of the breast
I always another breast on my back
ministers food didn't last long
it's okay though cuz they're really cute
you're lining them but I can see that
all right guys it was a little hectic
getting out of the house and I forgot
the camera
Jackson is doing something very fun
special today right now he was walking
around the waters so we're about to do
swimming lesson
if
you
Oh
whoo guys that was a little intense
getting out the door with a lot intent
Jackson had a hard time because so you
have to do things differently to go to a
polo pool versus what we do it at our
little swim spa so he had something like
that finally got here we were good dude
swimming lessons right as they were
closing the pool because a storms coming
in so we're good we're going to go home
but we have a lot more swimming lessons
coming up so we'll get a lot better
sunder said did you find you have a lot
of fun his teacher said he is a really
good swimmer shows I teach a lot of
other kids which Jackson does have
experience and that helps and she said
he he acts like he knows just as much as
some of the other kids that I teach she
said so this would be really good so I'm
so glad we're doing this let's go to
Jared
all right boys listen up here's the
situation mommy ordered some clothes
online and those clothes didn't fit and
we're at the store right now and we're
going to have a little clothing size
reduce judgement fashion show are you
ready to rock yeah you just solve the
puzzle congratulations you're the winner
you just watch Peppa Pig congratulations
you're the winner Calvin you're first up
on the fashion show
let's sit it
well guys that wasn't much of a fashion
show we didn't have very many clothes
that fit and Calvin tried to exit the
premises and we wouldn't have that all
right well now you're just being mr.
silly pants aren't you Oh
oh you got here yeah that's all it takes
one hit and then he's going to play
forever on your mark
is it go team it almost room
Hey
who targeted by a versus Haley dodged it
- microphones available
 you go Kelvin go hi
you'll stay to Grandma's for a few days
here for four go wow hi mink
Wow hi mom I didn't tell Jackson kids
are here maybe pull-ups and he goes
friend here our friends here my cottage
so we find the newest cousins life is
always more fun when you have a friend
huh otherwise billion friends oh yeah
it's like siblings you have to be
friends huh even if you fight okay throw
it over here bud throw it overhand yep
good
Lucas ROH okay ready oh so close
foster cute
new stomach baby
we have always loved for my mom lived
she lived just be central whether people
are coming from out of town whether the
airport whether you're going into the
city my mom is just right smack dab in
the middle which is always so fun so we
always come by and say hi if we make our
way down this way and the kids are being
or like you and they're making me a
little nervous on the Tramp those are
close to be as it is there we go
but I am glad that I cut my hair I asked
you here today because you have really
talked about since I cut it I was like
if you looked at it and you like Mohican
every every day I love that you cut your
hair I got really glad that you did
looks good and fresh yeah everyone knows
that hey hey will you dinosaurs just
quiet down just for a sec just and this
one Thanks
that's P for our soft dr. Beeler that's
a good quiet by municipal crosswalks but
I am glad it that I cut my hair I feel
like it's fresh it's fun it looks like
crisp and I am really glad that I cut it
whoa that was a crazy whirlwind of
awesomeness really I think Ellie and I
make a pretty good team together we got
all six kids bathe fed and ready for bed
they look good they smell good that was
crazy but it was fun we it was like an
assembly line it was amazing or like
here's the food here's the bet all that
is it's really really great okay you
guys have fun playing little Mario Kart
before we go to bed okay you're go
you're such a good helper Olivia by
section oh my god that was sweet
you guys are fun cousins you know that
yes it is what I had the green pie sorry
access denied hey mom thanks for letting
us come over and crash your party for a
minute why are my good fun out well we
made it home and everyone is already in
bed asleep and I am about to get to work
but I want to leave you guys with one
question and that question is what books
are you guys reading right now what US
are you listening to like on audible or
what are you reading right now I would
love to hear all about that especially
nonfiction if you're reading a
nonfiction book let me know what that is
in the comments down below thank you
guys so much for watching the video
today if you enjoyed it please give it a
big thumbs up if you're new to this
channel hit that subscribe button
because we make awesome videos like this
every single day also if you're new we
have some new merch and the new website
Ohama build listed down below too thank
you guys again for watching and we will
see you tomorrow bye
