oh my gosh I 3 million I covered by God
how is everybody feeling after the CVX
live weekend and if you weren't there
just watching an all take place I hope
you also arrested I woke up this morning
and I was starving this whole weekend
like with the nerves and like the
excitement being busy not being able to
like sit down and like eat a full meal
just like snacking Lots I woke up and I
was like my body is starving I have come
home and my nurse has settled and I'm
ready to like he does
so we woke up this morning we're all
getting ready for the day kids are
watching a little Goldie bear
we're going to make it awesome lunch and
our friends are coming over and then
your first steps right here whoa you
guys are playing with some new toys
sounds so fun
Tasha yeah Natasha was off on it oh but
still yeah whoa that's so cool but mom's
trying to figure this out we'll look at
you building this all together I am in
my office I have a lesson to teach today
at sure so I've been preparing for the
lesson and mom is just playing with the
boys having a great time we're cool
wheels oh oh wow I think you could hit
the sign oh oh oh they're spring they're
spring that's missing up oh I was going
to say I think you should just pull it
back instead of just pushing it I'd be a
little easier find it looks like
oh there you go let's try this one first
that's titedent fun ok watch mommy
Calvin this is going to be so cool let's
do both the cars and we'll see if we can
hit this answer ok suggesting I'm going
to make sure how far in here ready thank
you
Wow that's much better
okay let's do here I just did that Todd
get perfect Ellie I brought you this
sweater Colin and Kate are going to be
here soon and I turned on the AC a
little bit lower so here's that for you
I just want you to be ready and then
making a dessert so that we can warm our
souls because they only like their hops
I can make it in 15 so put that on so
when I was actually doing that in
changing the thermostat I noticed our
house with 77 degrees inside which is
actually a lot warmer than it actually
is I think there's something wrong with
the sensors we have the ecobee and we
have a couple sensors throughout the
house and that's where it gets the
temperature reading from and it adjusts
based on it there's people in that room
but I think it's off a little bit
because it's not that hot here can we
please put on our snow pants our snow
gear would that be so funny when they
get here
you're like the house is ready for you
guys in all my days oh okay that would
that would be so funny when I get you
know yeah I'll be here I'll be here I'm
going to go to a little bit late I have
to teach a lesson but the classes and
start until like an hour or two after
they'll be here so well I'm just ready
for the day
plus KT is going to because I want to
put on my best you know my Sunday best
for Katie right
I've got a nice Warsaw
ah
come on you yellow cookies are we're
just really wide you need a minute to
adjust you again we have some time
tonight I see games of hope oh honey you
just feel good to you hon to just walk
and crawl wherever you want
he's waiting for you to hit his face
okay Dee is here guys in here family we
were talking about like oh you guys are
here for a few days she's like what
would you like to do and I think we both
mutually came to the decision of
Russians watch our kids play yeah we
just fight kill you know the summer you
guys have seen like everyone's been
going going going and so I think this
would be good for a few days just like
watch the kids play and watch penny try
and get the camera from Colin Valentine
so this is so fun so bad I know me too
it's gonna be great it's already been
fun watching them play he's been playing
play-doh not to go watch our Instagram
stories you put tons more there too
honey look at you gonna unlock it turn
the button not that one
turn it Travon Martin sulfon come and
turn the bed the little wine
turn the little wine this happened often
actually there you go here you go
I see you guys found our mini sandbox
what do you think games is this pretty
fun yes I think it's very fun - thank
you so much for inviting me
oh no the big monsters in the big
monster oh good thing Calvin the
protectors here he's picking anything up
Thank You Anita you're a hero
hey kids having fun I like this it's a
quiet day out here yeah and it's not hot
what does it feel just soldered on I
went out this morning and I was like no
no it's not hot
I think Calvin is having the most fun
like he's like saying go go go to
everyone and then Jackson's jumping down
hey go Jackson
come on I've got a couple ideas for
tomorrow we could go skydiving or we
could take the four-wheelers for a ride
did you get it get it or we could go
horribly thing what but you know I was
actually thinking about it it might be
nice to go out and take the boat instead
of that my buddy name is Gary he's got a
boat yeah no you know what serious
hey yogurt can we take your boat look
Cohen I'm sorry man I'm sorry hooked up
I have to say I'm so proud of penny
I mean penny and the kids will play and
she's just fine with them but like being
around baby Brooke penny has been so
good around and Katie and I thank you we
were just having a chitchat while the
boys went and got dinner we got some
young Mexican food but I told penny as I
couldn't get in your place and she
instead crawled under Katie's legs and
just like laid under than unlike that
works too but she totally knew I don't
want to do that but we're getting a new
system dinner you guys like my grocery
shopping for us oh my god huh very yummy
they're only here for like one more full
day guys I do have to say that like what
did you just say you're so much better
Ellen Oh Katie how were right buying
family
yoosh oh my point that I'm trying to
make and you're not making it key yeah
this is what I didn't know yes we are
okay we have a plan
it'll be in the iCard and in the
comments down below you're like red
lines of Twizzlers better okay what I
was going to say before you were talking
about how you hate red wine but you're
still eating on this is like a tradition
now like whenever we have guests over
it's like red vines like when we had our
big open house I think Carl and ginger
brought a huge thing of red mice and I
think we ate the whole thing that night
so tonight is no different except that
there's a whole lot less people to eat
all this but we can probably end with me
Ellie was just like she was going in the
hot tub so I'm going to go check the
chemicals make sure everything's good
and we might jump in the hot tub are you
ready to rock and roll
oh whoa penny and Katie are best friends
she's gotten in a couple times but she
doesn't really like swimming yet we need
to like really get her acclimated but
she likes to just kind of let me hold
her in the hospital II get it with me
oh I think she was I love it oh yes it
was made here today in Queen hair and
she's proposing a brand new puppy yeah
as I'm sure that's a true thing for my
dress oh my gosh I I'm screaming out if
I come inside on oscillator do you want
me to get treated you want me to come in
the hot tub what do you want me to do
again homie come come inside the hot tub
I'm here ready or not hide anything I
love this oh my gosh it was feeling out
there after getting in and out of the
washing I guess I'm getting your dog
brought number oh this is not my idea of
a cup of hot tub nights you found it did
you find it
use the other cameras the room okay Oh
careful on the rocks I you know about it
but we can still happy you can't have
anything uh oh gee if that's some nails
lost baby Betty this look at this family
photos here preserving your for good
repair it isn't playing blues you can
see it at all it take a little stack
image builder it takes all but we are
all sitting here admiring how big and
pretty the moon is if you go to the top
of the the yard it'll actually look a
little bit better it's not sorry to go
ahead and say good night guys
we're glad heaven call Colin and Katie
here this plays a great date night how
funny was it that we both had skits like
is over $1 along today it's Austin also
penny is nari for two as the goat this
is hilarious and I sense it goes by both
definitions yeah okay we'll see you guys
tomorrow my luck
