Piper Oakland and Bailey I'm a big fan
hi I have a question prepared if that's
okay
would you rather find one hundred
duck-sized horses or one horse-sized
duck
CVX day two we are so excited yesterday
was our fun busy day three meetups one
stage time crazy today is not as busy
which is kind of nice because we're
going to walk around to tell of our
family and fun and maybe I run into some
yes we're very excited
Ruby's doing the stage time so we're to
go see her as you guys are going to have
a really fun day at this convention
center it's going to be awesome let's
get to it
Ellie come on the schools are going to
start the Frankie's are already up on
stage Oh Frankie you have entered the
losing all right eight passengers
rougher on the stage and sherry
trying to win a Rubik's Cube contest
yeah well they're they're making
progress all right let's call it five
times all right well let's go around the
block
yes so our big theme in fact is
multiplies up we got about this book tip
for anyone who comes up and participate
is say they are ready to sing a song
it's like little thomas thing and you
about dr. what's on the agenda you just
take them so I'll just call them
internship there's always being a song
you go but I'm not all about
she loves Jared well and I think it's
because she feels secure with you if I
would have grabbed her first she made
clean for me but I'm not okay nice try
so my chronic a dear did they meet up
Jared grabbed games and we are eating
lunch because we're getting ready for
our meetup yesterday we didn't organize
our time enough and I was angry a lot
yesterday so I'm going to eat before I
meet up so it should be good
I got a turkey sandwich and I go sweet
the cart bag perfect you're good Thank
You Jer bear join you soon he sucks he
sucks no sandwich okay we'll have a
sandwich okay 30 mile-per-hour collision
are you okay I may have just did a
really bad swear word Oh Ellie I am so
sorry
so the ideas so bright my face is not
this white music society elders you know
we're ghostly looking Herbert I am NOT a
touchy incident I do look like ago we
were peeking through the curtain Oh as
the meat of the eight passengers meet up
and I looked in and then I went out and
I was like singing to go on my way Kelly
looked in and I was like oh I'm going to
peek in again and I went in Ellie went
out and boom her nose met my my
cheekbone you can hear it pot oh yeah
I'm sure everyone's heard my violence
where I am so sore ever I love pain in
your head okay
why it's fun I don't know I broke my
best friend's nose because her nose hit
my cheek
the lights were out we're playing tag
now what patinas knows ruff when she hit
my face out as I'm kind of like the best
game to play I hope y'all exhausted I
felt down in stupid I mean I still got
better I just need it really Gopi was
like you need to laugh it off so you
don't get like this here's going to back
up running right side yet I love you I'm
sorry
no it's okay all right guys it is time
for our first meetup of the day are you
excited
hey thank you guys for coming out this
really means a lot so I can't wait to
hug each and every one of you guys
unless you don't want to okay ready to
rock and roll let's go hi guys were here
is our friend hi girls
so this was the first year they met us
look at Calvin's little two-month old
head and that was the yearbook after my
brain goes funny the body hang around
this picture now we're going to another
KJ I get your signature ready because
you're three girls I wanna thank you
guys for waiting in line
we appreciate it we got other people are
ready to say hi preciate it
hi you girls are so cute they came
yesterday
this is don't get out of there Mon you
get over here so most important they've
come for a few years and they keep
forgetting these which you just have to
do so thank you hi girls they brought
the boys marbles with and they're big
too they're going to love throwing those
on my wall I might be involved with that
do so sorry about that
so cute thank you hi Brooklyn and Bailey
I'm a big fan hi I have a question
prepared if that's okay
would you rather flying 100 duck sized
horses or one horse-sized duck that's my
question would you right now like that I
think maybe mentally well my show is
very intolerant I would I it well over
my head I'm tiny what are you doing I
just don't really it was all I heard was
racing is all just ecology anything
they're literally shooting candy with
guns and they're putting people on like
giant balloon whoa Carl wow this is like
a parade there's candy everywhere Luke I
need some candy - candy
I need some candy
yeah
you
hi hi Carl and ginger big fan my
question to you I have would you rather
fight one horse-sized duck for one
hundred duck-sized horses yeah yeah
one giant we are waiting for our last
and final Mita and we have bomb here my
phone hey he's so cute
he waited and bodies lying to say hi to
her like guys so cute you guys waited we
wanted a picture with the buter poster
behind her so cute guys yeah just do so
people having like our family here
supporting us when I was in seventh
grade the intercom asked Ellie to go to
the office and it was my birthday and bo
had given me flowers on my birthday
I can't lose thought about that I
noticed that I remember now you mention
it yeah bo has always made this is just
so very special
so thank you go go walk the plank
he's on the plane gray area
try to hit the spider
neck off well guys that is a wrap CVX
live for us
whoops that was tough we just finished
our last it up the toilets running again
function did you just go to bathroom
ahead it's your fault been online for a
few hours that's true we have okay so
let's give a run down to one today wet
so we got two CVX live and we had a
meet-up we saw a passenger's main stage
then we had a meet-up then we had Carl
and Ginger's main stage and then we had
a meetup right red blend immediate this
morning one meet up this morning one
meet up to settle yeah yeah yeah and
then we just have some fun in between
CVX live has been so much fun and I want
to say this I know when I said this to
all of those who were there today it
means so much to us that you guys would
take time out of your day that you would
spend money to come out and see us that
we could talk for a little bit take a
picture and just enjoy each other's
company we have shared our story and
this is a wonderful opportunity for us
to hear your stories and to share those
emotions in person face to face and
we're so grateful for all of those who
travel the way to come and see us and we
love you guys and we're grateful for you
really it puts it's good for us too to
do this because it helps us going home
having a better like let's do a little
better let's look at it so show some
more different sides of what we want to
show and film it's very rejuven it's
very rejuvenating is energizing I know I
my cheeks hurt so bad from smiling so
much that I literally can't form words
but for now we got to pack up this hotel
room and we've got to go see some cute
little boys that we've been missing
hi Jackson hi Calvin hi we missed you
boys I'm so glad
thank you yes
whoa that is so cool I feel so bad
say goodnight to our friends good night
give me a hug and a kiss I love you I
love you so much I love you in a min do
don't work
she's more interested in that than me
which is not okay he's a toy and he's a
little boy
it's not going to bed so unless you have
one to where your other cars are they
under your pillow three and four four
toys the bed and these are not just time
these are these are big toys hey Jackson
what I missed you
hold your bring your Bible yeah we've
got marbles can you believe that when I
start fans and we'll have them tomorrow
okay I love you so I missed you gimme
kick mmm hi girl
it's so good to see you miss penny you
know when you haven't really really
really good yeah usual one that you can
sleep so good well yeah you're just your
face hurt and slander how much my face
literally hurts from smiling so much
I think we're going to give our face
arrest and we will see you guys tomorrow
bye
but I need a penny penny whoa
