what's up guys we are here at CVS ah
good morning guys it is CVX day one I'm
very excited but I have to show you
something I'm getting ready on my makeup
out and lately I have been using this
pure kind of like a tinted moisturizer
on my skin mixed with another foundation
and there's like that because it kind of
blends your skin without like covering
it and I went to pick up a lighter shade
the other day when it turned out to be
this it was more like a foundation this
is like a very thick foundation and it's
not what I thought it was you should I
should never try something new the day
you're meeting tons and tons of people
and taking lots of pictures but I've
been breaking out so bad all over my
chin all over my mouth I'm just going
for it and trying it and I have on my
cheeks and it looks really good so just
need to like do it on my chin now huh
you know I'm doing my makeup anyway I
kind of am nervous I think my tummy is
like oh I just you know CVX meeting
people getting ready for the day so far
I really like it though like my cheeks
and everything it looks good it's a
really thick but does it feel sick on my
skin yeah that work
alright a final immunity Oh this
foundation is so good guys this is
really good it's really thick is that
pure brand I think you have really liked
their stuff I got it at Kohl's
it's a Tulsa - this is the makeup I wore
today I am wearing Rose berry lip scents
hoola bronzer Tarte blush a little bit
of give me brow brow just my brows in
place the shape tape concealer I've
loved for a really long time and this
foundation is what I've seen to have
been really liking a lot lately I'm
wearing some makeup geek eyeshadows I
usually just wear a lot - all over my
lid with a little bit of cocoa bear in
the corner he's here on makeup I'm sure
you guys have heard of her but she's a
really really big makeup guru she's
awesome set up to makeup line and that
the rain possibly pick up right now when
there's so many other important things
right now I'm so stressed about rainbows
well I've got papers everywhere yeah I
know what to do again ready for the
convention we got and we need to eat
breakfast so look at the bingo just a
really cool digit call two timers visit
to toe is a pity laugh this is a hard
trick to do kay let's see as close but
it wasn't I wasn't questioning me these
hard to do oh that's cool haha let's do
don't even care they don't even know
that what's up guys we are here at CBS
LA we are having a blaster this is our
first meetup for I think meetups that we
have so this is exciting we're just
hanging out with our buddies having a
great time
who's excited for CBS I have to say hi
to face on the scene edge for the first
time we live in Florida and I try to
fell in love with her and your hair and
now look at my hair I love it I do dudes
like you kind of gave me the first
initial inch I'm like it is so cute like
look how cute her carriage is growing
book banks pay for come saying hi
I see you creepin you're a dude up here
Nikko this is also this is a sweet
convention I feel like I said it's like
my favorite it's in a different place
it's a much much bigger place so that
just means a lot more walking which is
perfect for me so diamond counting my
steps lately you know got to get the
businesses we just finished our meeting
actually clonic a dated to express
timing we're going to grab some just a
couple snacks before we have our main
stage yeah jared is prepping for the
main stage Colin and Katie are on their
way we're doing bingo we're ready to
rock and roll we have a bunch of
t-shirts that we're giving out and then
a bunch of stuff that we bought at the
store the other day so excited and the
kids are coming too so we're ready to
party
alright you guys are our bingo winner
whoever loses buys me dinner haha wait
everybody dinner thank you guys so much
for coming so we just miss our main
stage event in Jack longer here and he
saw that they had sword fighting and
bouncy houses so he was like dad if
we're done I want to go on tour fight so
Jackson and Ellie and Calvin are sword
fighting right now hey how's it going
guys good you having fun good can you
look at look at Jackson alley sword
fighting hey what's up you got your
shield bug sword fight your mom
Oh get ready because it's about to go
down
gained versus checked in fight well this
is not exactly my idea of fighting doing
this way husband weird yeah are you guys
having fun yeah we're having lots of cbx
but they're doing something wrong I
don't know I don't like it
you ready for this but right there
round two are you ready let's go oh my
god
you
I'm bleep over Mena right for the muse
where's Lilly it's Elly here hi there
she is yes I made it
haha I'm not a brother been running
uh-huh hi guys
we have a three meetups today two of
which are done we are getting ready for
our private meet and greet which we help
squid cookies coming very excited just
wrapping up mom and dad came and said hi
to everyone I thought that was cute come
on grab them become hi mom and dad we're
making teeth oh no Jackson one more
second one Wow and you're running the
teeth over huh Miriam's in Calvin's
going on a walk with Gramps all right
now
how's your day been dude how's your day
been yeah happy Jackson what's weenies
sherry
how would he forget Jackson what are we
going to go mahat Nick there are some
huge snakes over here and we're going to
see if we can hold one I don't think
they'll bite us do you think'll vital I
don't think they're going to bite us
hold it right there
is he kidding you can you see the
Jackson is fearless he just does
whatever like he doesn't even care
thank you this is your exhibit yeah
okay your harem his'n I heard a business
you hear that I heard unison
we have had so much fun at CVX live look
we're even going to do a photo off we've
never done a photo op before this is a
pretty incredible but that's not the
thing I'm excited for the thing that I'm
most excited for is seeing that these
guys have brought color.look box after
box after box after box of swig cookies
you guys know that we love squid cookies
and so we decided to have a bunch of
squid cookies for our super fan
experience so thank you swig for
bringing those cookies no problem we
love to be here yeah this is awesome
where is swig not just Utah anymore like
they just opened one in Arizona so if
you guys are in Arizona go check out
swig and have the cookies the socials
are my favorite not too big not too
small
perfectly oh yeah exactly
so in the years past they've kind of had
it in like rows but I like this isn't a
circle feels more like hi guys my
friends come in hi did you guess - a
cookie you get forever yeah Phillips I
got some cookies and then we'll just
have a fun chitchat Tsongas he's
skipping all of you you girls are the
only ones he wanted to high-five in
sorry guys like I'm out of here who's it
gonna be who's it gonna be
snappy yoghurt yeah
welcome welcome thank you guys so much
for coming this one so much just killed
me being a ghost right now is what he's
doing seeing it go oh gosh dang it I
love doing those private means those are
honestly like my favorite and CVX is the
only place that I know of that does that
we had a room full of people and we just
talked and he was just so intimate and
nice Kelly it was wonderful did you have
fun left it and we got a I got a box
full of Swede cookies left over you know
tonight's going to be a big order yeah
guys see I can make them laugh Ali I am
funny
here it is funny what I was saying is
been a full day and how's your skin
doing are you so breaking out what's
going how is it our personal meetup the
toilet is making it even more romantic
ice I went to the bathroom so I would be
okay been a long day
she was come up this way the personal
meetup was by far my favorite we all
laughed
I think everyone got teary-eyed we all
had snake cookies you all hung out like
it just was really special
and it was nice being in a room where we
were just sitting down and just
chit-chatting people could ask us
whatever questions they wanted we were
really open to answer and it just felt
really good being in a room knowing that
you could chocolate anything in there
was like no judgment yeah I enjoyed that
no it was really really nice
and I really want to do those more
whenever we do have meanness is like a
private Mia boy with a 1-room we're all
just sitting and talking and I wonder
other need us to yeah the public meetups
were great is something special yeah but
really how's your skin doing you feel
like it's been spit Emily why is your
poppet
oh geez do you like your foundation yeah
how's that way good considering is my
first time using it yeah on a crazy day
like this we are off to go to dinner for
the creators were excited to talk to
everyone see how their day went I think
something that was very touching today
at our private meetup was we all laughed
and we all cried and well laugh but like
one of the special moments I think
saying out loud was someone had asked
how our families took to us going
YouTube full-time and we told the story
of we had Jared's parents in one room my
parents in the same room and us and it
was it wasn't just a decision for us it
was a family decision and we're grateful
for our family's support and I'm not
going to cry and you do need support
like through any job and especially this
type of and emotional like it isn't
emotional we share our conditions and we
feel our and we're grateful for our
parents and our siblings and it just was
touching and I said you know and at the
end it was it was like very spiritual we
said a prayer when we were done and just
like this is the decision we're making
and I don't know just grateful oh yeah I
want to share that with you it was a
very special day and now we're going to
end up with some very special people as
we go have dinner so thank you guys so
much for watching the video thank you to
all of you guys who have come out for
CBS 5 and the Orianna yeah the UK Canada
all over the country it's better to
another here in town Korea we're going
to see a lot of you guys tomorrow in
person we will see you tomorrow and we
will see the rest of you guys and our
vlog tomorrow thanks for watching
