yes I got it
where are you laughing are you guys
seeing Curious George is so funny
yes mr. Calvin is wearing Jackson's
shirt from last summer look at that a
little bug shirt yeah that used to be
your last year remember the bugs yeah
ringing I know it says but it was yours
whoo so I made two batches of eggs this
morning I remember growing up when my
parents would make eggs once in a while
they would make an extra little bit for
the dog as she loved especially when
you're having to feed like a dog on some
medicine and so penny I made you some
special egg this morning
all right we're giving her some medicine
so they'll help her eat it up a little
bit better
okay sit Beast oh sorry oh hey oh hey
you just cleaning yeah right you just
rent had fun sawdust fine we're out
you're playin with our motorcycles eatin
breakfast all right so this is how
Calvin asks for food he just comes up to
me what are you gonna do huh stay put
okay prayer okay preggers huh - amen
Tom enjoy some more food okay what do
you do this opened his mouth all big
yeah yeah he just said a prayer Sister
Sister
uncle come morning kids play really good
together some mornings it's like they
don't play well together should they
just are whining you know like they want
to go outside or they're like not
happier you know just kids this morning
these kids have been just so tender they
went downstairs and played together they
went outside like they just they're
together and it's just so cute
Jackson found a ramp a my rug and all
morning I've had to get mad at Calvin
for him being too nice like look at him
like he's grabbing his did it crash okay
so they took a bath and Calvin was just
like choking Jackson then I came out
here and he was like choking Jackson so
he was yeah it's not to be mean he's
like being nice and I've had to get Matt
out of him yeah we got to be really soft
is that scary huh he's given too much
love well our experience with cbx life
isn't all that great so far we haven't
even got there and there's already a
huge mistake yesterday I printed over
300 pages for our main stage event we're
playing a really really fun game and
everyone is involved and I printed them
wrong there was a mistake so I am back
at the store after recycling all 300 of
those pages and I'm reprinting them all
over again so Oh hold that thought I'll
be back OOP and just like that 300 pages
printed for our awesome activity
tomorrow well today for you guys so I
wanted to say this for any updates on
CVX live like instant updates if you're
there and you're wanting to figure out
what's going on make sure you're
following Ellie and I on Twitter and
Instagram Instagram stories and Twitter
are going to be the places that we
update the most as far as like when
we're doing meetups when we're doing
mainstage
we have our super fan that way you'll
get the most accurate up-to-date
information instantaneously because the
power of the internet you ready to rock
and roll let's rock and roll because
right you call me I'm kind of crushing
on Jared right now I like this shirt a
lot don't you
yes it's really hard for Jared to buy
clothes I was glad that we took a little
time out of our day to make you try on
some seven well I don't really like it
all that much because my hips like
honestly my hips made at Harvard like
any anything they go to let pants are
dar hard because my hips but it's so
true the other day and yes that shirt
looks so good on you get me to cut you
off on get a date bunnies like I just
always laughed because Jared always
wears the same jeans you can see his
phone marked on his pants but because
Jared has to have like a certain
elasticity yeah they have the elastic
like one or two percent elastic in the
pan so it is flexible enough for my head
yeah it really bugs in yeah like her
Jared like you never hear him complain
and I heart beat like I only want the
hardly I never hear in complaints
sometimes they'll tell me that it hurts
we never complained and Jared is very
particular with his clothes so
oftentimes if he has a shirt he likes he
just wear the over and over because
that's the shirt he was and then he gets
a new one when he's done sometimes it's
hard tough to show but that to scar
right there I'm not crazy and it goes
down quite a bit further I just don't
like I'm not crazy it looks a little
bruised right now yeah actually you okay
so we haven't even addressed this yet
today Oh what did you do I totally got
my hair last night I went to Barney's
house I have it all on Instagram stories
if you want to see it okay Bonnie keeps
me healthy we should be doing and I
don't think we should be doing this Jack
it's too late you're a halfway cut cut
it off but my hair was to here and now
it's to here and I really really love it
if you like it gorgeous yes and I felt
like it's a happy medium
too short not too long just just cool
things I really am happy with it Thank
You Bonnie so as I get 10 o'clock at
night so kind of fun right oh yeah I
feel like spring
I could wear long earrings today feel
really fancy so you look really fancy
nice interview then girl your hair is
not the only thing that looks great CVX
live is now and one of my favorite
things that we compensated attrition
tradition maybe this is the second time
I don't know well we've done a dinner
before and it's just been so fun so we
organized this dinner we have a lot of
friends that we're going to meet and
we're going to have dinner together it's
going to be great you excited
so I think everyone in here we are any
ready for dinners like the best place
for a big party bread because of the
bowl and we invited our friend hi guys
this is he doesn't all right we did it
before yeah we're making tradition
five ever don't make me sit with today
yeah everyone was having fun everyone's
a conversation YP honest but I think it
does because just top good hanging out
that made me laugh that made me laugh I
was like okay put agenda but we have to
hurt I just wanted to grab everyone's
opinion would you rather have dessert
box up or if you guys want to eat
dessert here it's up to you guys deserve
I think we should have everyone Hey that
way everyone's paid they can be become
as they want we're no I don't agree with
you yeah no problem
is everyone okay with that okay yeah hi
Sean turn another question let's listen
up we love you Kara
and chair
well that was a funny joke he plays you
told the waitress to tell everybody that
lava Lord long as she did it
generally to tell everybody and their
innovation is everybody's legend that
was funny that was funny and very nice
as a waiter to not care to everyone to
jump cause you know I'm just really
happy to be merci b85 rubbing soldiers
with all the right people
these are over here so I can rub
shoulders and I'm rubbing shoulders with
all my brothers oldest guys
so we have this ice-cream social that
you guys saw add just a little while ago
but there's something something weird
about tonight that I want to show you
Ellie has a box of something but the box
isn't what is the BLA I was respectful I
said it was okay okay so what is this
box fruit bars and what is inside the
box
tell me there's what did you just do
okay you know we have food things like
this you know we're going to do one no
you do internal and I throw it to one
more time Ellie oh you don't have a big
out nose Ellie don't say that about
yourself that's rude that hit your
tongue Ellie that's an error here you do
this oh that works yeah yeah I got it I
got it
why did you get so funny as I didn't
know your voice I was like the road did
you know Logan and I look down there's a
camera look what is obviously perfect
give me some seriously dude perfect man
I just doesn't do anything like that I
wasn't no no that's not dr. pepper
that's like that's like cheesecake
speaking of cheesecake that's a very big
as well cheese good right here how is
the Cheesecake there I guess is it is it
pretty difficult to eat it with this oh
this what do you recall the tongue
depressor
they were they I never I've never
I'm never watching these shorts again
you can't move that's got to say never
ever met is amazing
oh it is late on that note we're gonna
say goodnight thank you guys for hanging
out in our room thank you guys for
watching the video today if you enjoyed
it give it a thumbs up and we will see
you at CVX live tomorrow bye hey you
tell me my acne was on fleek today I was
a myself today hack me I said what were
we talking about you're like when I was
younger like my acne was just no I read
them they said well that was my chin
like I'm getting tons you can't see it
lots of deep acne you take you're asking
some fashion I'm like it was that the
correct response but that was very high
to be okay we gotta go bye let's eat him
up Ellie say good night
