okay we just we just pulled in we're
home now and I think I need to go show
Ellie I'm nervous but I think she needs
to see it
what good morning guys Jackson and I
have been running errands and we want to
show you what we did what did you want
to do so bad
the picture she showed me look like we
took pictures today yes you did a scary
face she's it's silly I think it's scary
so Jackson I ran ran a bunch of errands
because I've been itching really bad
I've been wanting to paint a lot I
haven't been ditching I've had the itch
to paint so I went and got a few
canvases and a few more paints so maybe
tonight you're never to do tonight and
then it was hard getting the kids fed so
we did so hopefully tonight if things go
well Jared and I will have a little
paint session together but Jackson was
so cute I love when I go grocery
shopping and going to town
I love taking both of them they're
really good but it is fun sometimes to
do take one at a time because you just
get that extra little fun miss Jackson
just was really funny he's always so
cute he's like there should be people at
the store he like loves to be around
people
this one just cost me so my kids love
love love banana bread and the last two
times I've made up on you so I have a
really good recipe you really need to
try mine so today I'm going to try
Bonnie's recipe and if it's way way good
maybe we'll do a little Watson Ellie's
belly it will be good I mean how can you
not love banana bread so she ate off my
chips in it I always get a little
nervous when we do this but because I
want to make sure like you're happy with
this because I want to be happy and I
know that you'll probably be happy at
everything but what I'm saying is I'm
getting my hair cut today and usually
when we do it you do it like you 99% I
got my hair two times in the last eight
years you've had so much failure like
two or three times yeah we're just
getting ready for CVX live in Jackson
and I are going to go get our haircuts a
little bit later tonight well my
question is you know because you're a
cosmetologist and you should know the
answer like
my hair today should I just put should I
do it I swear a hat I got wear hat guy
really liked when I did here when people
came in with her hair kind of how they
wear it that way I can see how it lays
how they do it and how it is fine self
if you like kind of partisan brush to
the side so you just I'm going to kind
of like go throughout the day like this
people wear hats though because even if
you wash it before you cut it
sometimes there's still an indentation
and it's hard to yeah I'm going to
someone who I've never gone before
either so that also makes me nervous so
Ellie always does a great job we're
doing this for for time sake one guy is
really good and he's very helpful
towards like other people so we'd love
me to go in one day and watch
yeah but he's never done my hair though
before and that's always different you
know you just never know but I guess
he's a professor we'll find out later
they're just a little nervous
oh I know I am too you think I love this
service I mean I could do it but at the
same time I kind of want you I can be
cute for you in Jackson so just yeah
exactly the second one with me hey
Jackson I want you to come with me we're
going to go see someone very very
special do you want to come with me yeah
okay let's go
happy fun no it's not a house
you have to get no we're not going to
Bonnie we're not going to go eat food
no we're not going to Grandma mica are
we going to transformers no that's a
surprise I'll show you when we get there
you'll see we're going to the dentist
whoa are you excited let's go inside
Jackson like the dentists he's like
that's like funny and fun yeah yeah
that's perfect
and we don't get shot
tickles huh doing awesome
you're doing so great buddy I'm proud of
you you feel clean your teeth look hey
Jesus okay we're gonna rinse it off this
is just a sucky stuff a good clothes
last time convicted guess what we're all
done no Jackson you did so good today
did you have fun at the dentist yeah
what was your favorite part
did you get a popper yeah cuz you were a
good boy huh
a sticker and a toothbrush what are you
going to do with the toothbrush yeah
that's a good boy Jackson and I have
made our way to we're here at Best Buy
because we don't want to pick some
things up for CVX live we have a fun
mainstage event that I'm very very
excited for so I've got to pick up some
prizes because we're going to do
something fun so you'll definitely want
to be there oh you do well let's see if
you can win the contest and then you
mind if you guys are coming to CVX do
not forget to come Friday at 2:30 main
stage us and Colin and Katie we are
doing a huge bingo game and we are just
picking up a smooth goodies attack
you've added for some of you guys and
those are for me not you
the Coronet so for me I think I'm very
excited yeah pretty excited pretty
exciting prizes for that judge did you
say Cornett for you we'll share huh yeah
so Calvin and I have been playing and we
figured out a fun game that you really
really like she was your mom our game
yeah Ready Set wait wait let's do it
again say our venire say yeah he has
like six muscle room let me show you
right here right here are your muscles
right here we're doing my hospital is
dying of laughter hey you you ready to
do this what are we going to do here Ken
about that time I'm nervous but I think
this guy will do a good job
I hope Ellie's okay with this gonna be
good okay Kate Calvin come grab here and
then
we read LED elephant where's Ellie is
she behind the plant
yeah no it's hot it's Ellie behind the
hose
he knows I'm cheap at the cactus Oh
Calvin everybody's less stressed
just you and I get ready for bed yeah
she's not behind a tree yeah is she
behind the flowers only hey write a
little hide-and-seek before bed Calvin
Calvin Tiggle hi so I can't see you huh
I'll close my high point two three all
right
hi okay
Calvin where are you soon where are you
oh hi hi that you have so many favorite
blanket so this is the blanket that my
aunt Julie made shown in are actually
Jackson and he's unlike in this lately
my mom made that for Calvin : and Katie
gave this to Calvin sweet viewer made
this for Calvin he has all of his
favorites
huh so Calvin's onwards and trying to
learn color she has what color is this
what color is this P blue it was been
learning colors what was this you see at
eyes what colors that Amy orange you
only that's so good we've been getting
colors down I know you've got your
puffiness in your room brown your
favorite things ever give your puppies
kisses good night
Wow and your puppies she take a night to
our friends good night
whoa you getting ready but you're going
to look so handsome well who my kid and
you already do
the handsome level is just going to
increase yeah he just said I know
Jackson isn't that tall he just happens
to sit on all those books right there
what do you think bud it looks great
yeah I think so too I think you did a
great job did you like getting candy you
would want to drop it in cash oh that's
so nice of you to think of your brother
okay we just we just pulled in we're
home now and I think I need to go show
Ellie I'm nervous but I think she needs
to see it whoa what do you think do you
like it there you look handsome his hair
looks good don't you think it looks
really great
yeah yeah okay now don't look yet don't
look yet don't like yeah not really see
don't don't look don't look I better
explain something first don't worry okay
I'm nervous for you to see it oh and and
look over it because well okay I want
you to look okay it looks really good do
you think ah can I tell you that very
good Square job yeah that's what you
always want I think this is my favorite
haircut that I've ever had I crazy did
so good it does I know what you mean you
loved mine oh of course I loved yours
but I think this is like he did a very
good job this is a little short and he
said I didn't anticipate how thick your
hair was yeah it's crazy so but he got
this really really good winner winner
chicken dinner
very good job what do you think very
good
are you okay with home yeah I mean I
wanted you to go get it done and stop
Jack bugs don't eat here because you
guys lost did it we had fun together and
now I think that was the coolest part
about it is that Jax and I went together
we had a good time
like we laughed and we had candy
together and we talked it was it was
good did you have fun with me yeah so
Bonnie went to the sky and she's like he
teaches me so she's learned a few things
from him so next time we do it we'll go
ask a few questions I'll watch him do it
I
love when you have my hair all right of
course I love it yeah it was just good I
mean a very good job I like it I was
just a little taken back but I take no
offense keep saying you like the haircut
I mean I've been you know Oh John oh
don't I mean I was in hair school like
how long the Mary's 87 years ago so I
mean it's nice talk someone fresh to
talk more skills so you know Madison I
didn't know he did a wonderful job
next time you go I'm going to take a few
tips and then I'll do it I love you I
love you okay guys thank you so much for
watching the vlog today
CVX is here so fun lots of energy
oh oh that landed on the cement and it's
hanging from his bone well we've got
that disaster cleaned up from your nose
okay say your popper from the dentist we
had a fun day together didn't we yeah
can you say good night to our friends
can i all right guys thanks so much for
watching we will see you tomorrow and we
can't wait to see you at sea my guru PP
bye
