who are you clapping for so we're going
to show on for them
you
what's going on did you have a little
fort and you're eating doughnuts
underneath the table well that's pretty
sneaky of you guys eating done before
mommy and daddy even wake up least
you're not making a mess that's a good
thing
add the doughnuts at least good still
good
well good morning boy oh good morning
Calvin my name good morning Jackson
morning for really loud noise eardrums
will be very high topping you want to do
it too you want to go do it
you couldn't oh sure Calvin look Jackson
got these out and he will share with you
but you leave them right here now look I
made Calvin bring it back because you
got them out but you let him bang on
them too okay okay let's you're use it
let's hear it
so making some spaghetti of her lunch
and I pulled this little box out today
for Jackson and Calvin to play with they
have a snack and Jackson has been
flipping through this book coloring like
crazy what are you thinking I see that
mystery did you get my bathroom again
we bought this book for Jax like a year
ago on Amazon when we were kind of
starting to learn some more stuff and we
pulled out several times and each time
we pull out he every time we pull out he
just does better and better with it and
likes it and it's so fun he is going to
go back to preschool they started unknot
this month so next month we'll go back
for a few days he really likes it I'm so
glad he's just been coloring in that
book and you've been counting everything
it's been fun anyway I'm making some
spaghetti
so you color please keep entertained
with a box and just mix againi
what were you doing young man I saw you
do it again not that what were you doing
with the plan ya know show me what you
were doing it was kind of like that
Calvin Ellie and I looked at each other
we looked at Calvin Calvin was like
rubbing his head in the plants like
wanting to feel the leaves on his face
and it was so funny
you are a crazy young man you know that
okay Ellie who's your pick who's going
to win the most dramatic season of The
Bachelorette in all of history right
ladies Bender's my forehead whoa did you
see that that was probably the best
veggie spinner trick I have ever seen
I'm doing that time I caught up on The
Bachelor yeah and the Bachelorette and I
know who wins but uh you know who wins
yeah but that's why I would take anyway
okay I don't know I don't know who any
of the guys are but I liked him I still
wanted the guy who look like Sam Corinne
what's his name Dean he's a nice Danny
looks exactly like Sam don't you think
yeah he's a great guy I just I don't
know I just want my buddy Sam to do good
on the Bachelorette all right we had our
lounge time you've had your lounge time
it's time to get back to business get
back to work we've got things to do
we've got places to go we've got things
to do
I've already said that now I'm getting
repetitive I'm too repetitive
I'm redundant how do I do that much kids
are happy try to snack check you're
going to bathe the dog yes
do somewhere I'll probably end up
beating myself at the same time you have
a lot of work to do here we've had so
much family in town we've had Jared
family my family family reunion Julie is
going to be going out of town so I'm
just going to go down and see my mom and
see Julian my family left this morning
so dry pavement
Emily and Ryan seriously lots of salmon
I love summer so much family sick so you
drive safe
I've got a present I'm not just going to
let you drive off the top because it's
mine I wanted you guys know you
physically I want you to come over I
don't want to just turn away my bike I
just lost my appetite
now I've already gotten rid of all the
hair but I want to show you this picture
hi Danny
I wanted to show you this picture of
after brushing penny and I wanted to ask
you guys a couple questions of it so I'm
going to put it up right here and penny
just showed you know she when I was
brushing her she expressed interest in
donating her fur there's a lot of fur
here and so I'm just wondering if
there's any other dogs out there who
could use this for you know dogs have a
hard time growing for you know those
type of things does any dog out there
who's you know I'm sure we have a lot of
dogs in the audience who could use this
hair I don't want to just toss it if it
can be used by someone else also penny
I'm very proud of you for finally
growing out of your first layer of skin
your first layer of fur you are such a
good little girl she loved getting
brushed she always loves it because it's
like a big back rub you know a big back
scratch I mean who doesn't love that she
was so good that whole time but
seriously when I saw how much fur she
had off with the brushing I was just
like oh my gosh I have to take a picture
of this and then show you guys because
it is so much that Cooper over there
said Cooper
this little one here that airplane you
just woke up from enough in the car and
he is not wanting to look at anybody so
I think aunt joy screencast he'll be
very happy to do that
all right guys we're giving our girly
duties right now haircut and time gotta
turn the hair
everyone's getting back to school
haircut what haircuts are you guys
getting forgot to throw I'm just giving
a little drama Jackson you're going back
here I did and I'm just trimming Julie's
hair it just makes me more and more
excited I just hot right now get your
hair well I'm excited you had NDK not
only did I brush penny extensively I
also gave her a bath what did you think
penny would that a fun bath we use a dog
shower and I like our set up because I
initially thought that I was going to
get completely drenched from giving
penny a bath but actually with a system
that we have I didn't get wet at all and
we didn't use like barely any water for
penny so it was really really great and
now you look you smell good
yes you do you shouldn't do beautiful is
that the spot right there
I found it as on the spot I wonder what
oh you smell good does my pretty penny
you say hi oh all right Emma's trying to
cut her hair
you've got to clapping cute kids right
there
who are you clapping for for them they
are so happy that smoke you okay miss
Emma how are we doing you're back to
school he when she's off the bottom too
busy watching husbands play she don't
care how are we doing is will just felt
like that at all okay
you know inches okay the question of the
day today is something that Ellie and I
have talked about all of our
relationship I think I think your answer
has stayed the same but I feel like my
answer is change and this and a long
while that may be true that is not the
question that I was thinking up if you
could go anywhere in the world where
would it be
I
told you when I first got married I'd
love to go and I forgot that Fiji yeah
the other day I said to Haiti yet what
and I was like did you mean featuring
like no I don't think I think I think
it's Fiji or like Bora Bora yeah how
might be a little hot over the water I I
want to go there for our ten-year
anniversary yeah that would be so much
fun
yeah is there anywhere else that you
would like to go other than that whether
it's vacation I want to do along by the
ice found your ice machine uh-huh no oh
yeah ever done know you've always talked
about the especially because you went up
to Alaska to visit your family when you
were younger I agree with all of those I
have a picture of the Half Dome in my
office and I would love to go visit that
I think dome yeah I said in Yosemite
it's a big mountain in my office do you
remember that that's what they call it
and I would like to add on to that I
would like to go see the seven wonders
of the world
you know what the 8th wonder of the
world is I'm sorry that was out of yeah
I did that was so done speaking of
sleeveless shirts I think was like my
favorite shirt of ours is our Ellie
njord sunset one but I want to get that
in the tank top so I can take it like to
the beach I just ordered it actually so
it's coming and then of course like back
to Finland but now I pass the question
to you guys in the comments down below
let me know somewhere that you guys
would like to go it's if you could go
anywhere money no object I mean the
comments down below
question of the day I just came up what
yeah so we're going to watch the show
now because the kids are in bed thank
you guys so much for watching
yep thank you guys for all of the
wonderful comments that you guys have
been leaving on our website I love this
new contact tool and we're going to be
doing some stuff with that so stay tuned
I'll have a link to our new merch our
website and CVX live is this weekend so
stay tuned for that we will see you guys
tomorrow
thanks for watching bye hey
