I'm only filling in case I fall that way
I can't do much itself is it you've got
a bonbon and folks are going to she look
like a bombshell good morning guys here
you go Calvin what do you say say thank
you
oh that was the quietest thank you I've
ever heard in my life good morning penny
yes boys and I just went on a trip
inning four-wheeler drive how was it
guys
riveting riveting it was fun yeah well
we got dust yeah when I went inside to
get Calvin a drink up he got the dirt I
can taste the dirt in it all great grit
true grit true grit okay you sir yeah
Matt you're from Texas you should say
grit right is that what grit experts is
that what you eat and techno with the
southern thing Honka KP me a joke oh
girl you're a good girl penny do you
wanted to do this like as we're getting
ready but halfway to our I'll show you
again Bonnie and I have photo shoot
doing all of our babies all of them
right here syncing surgery no nice the
house is so quiet and weirdest I'm doing
our makeup do you have a lot of places
we have done our makeup give us do a
little scary right now awesome note to
self never ever ever try something new
when you're doing a photos we are so
done we're like trying new stuff for
like a week and Taylor do you that I've
been on of like so I'm going to wash my
face because it's to light her I started
putting the always foundation on chisel
no no that's not foundation don't fit
over your face I'm like okay a little
bit three drops for your whole face and
your is you're just getting ready this
is Bonnie's tall and I'm getting ready
with just have our stuff everywhere it's
just fun
and kids asleep we're getting ready and
the boys are editing yes they are on
Jill's bed sores okay back to my
highlight all right I'm hard to
different mascaras this is not the
silver one's my favorite it's that bliss
tickety thick mascara and this one okay
look at the difference between the wand
- but you were skinny one
this is L'Oreal telescopic I love it
Jaclyn hill told me oh wow I'm using it
right now cuz I'm running out of mind
it's good and we are ready here are my
brown friends I'm your little blonde
friend people or does is actually that
way you're naturally dark yes there's
four color mm-hmm you can tell mine is
not this lighten up alright so I have an
appointment and let's cut my hair yes I
am going to cut it I know I'm so
annoying but I am going to and I think
tomorrow night or the next night I'm
going to come over and how quality just
cut several inches off that way and it
won't be - or maybe well anyway just to
get me through another month because I
feel like it's just driving me crazy
so we're going to cut it and they'll
really get it cut and tide me over
yeah so bye and I are going in doing a
swimming suit a photoshoot at the lake
I'm very excited about because we're
wearing the same swimming suits for
sisters that's fun and we're totally
different side of the site yeah and it's
just I am excited to have a picture of
you like that you know I think it's
going to be beautiful to have such a
dynamic picture yeah perfect words very
cool
we are making a day of it and we just
got and is telling a nice I got red
raspberry chocolate tastes like dessert
pina colada
can you coatt it and we ran to the store
and I may not know what Jarrod's gonna
think of these I hope you love them are
you having a hard time yeah I don't have
any to think I looked at them I went
because they kind of are a little oh and
I think I need credit because I made her
tribe
ah yes maybe they are subtle if you
follow me on instagram you'll see me
wearing them which is stinking cute
they're adorable but look at these
flared overalls
they're different but they're so cute
and I tried them on and I looked in the
mirror and I was like I look exactly
like my mom like this is a mom look like
forever de what she was stunningly
beautiful and I so I thought it was
stunningly beautiful so I'm going to
wear it and I'm going to rock on and go
how'd you let me know you think I'm only
filming in case like fall that way I
can't do watch it so surface haha
well we're here for dinner you've got it
bonbon
and folks are gonna he look like a
bombshell
you
you're not used to cameras always is
such a natural model funny as you see
her breasts judge who is the padding and
honey out knees batter I do need to blow
the sweat off my sexy shake a mother I
do need that is so fun buying I are in
our second swimming suits we are doing a
photo shoot for Albion today and fine
I've been talking a lot on the drive
here just about how different we are yet
how similar we are and just how fun this
is like being our swimming suits and do
a cute photo shoot and I mean I feel
like we both are very confident in our
bodies and I feel like a lot of women
sometimes they're not confident in
swimming suits but I think that being on
the internet for a few years and
sometimes we do have securities and
clear values yes this is security
yeah well it's really easy to be
insecure about certain parts of our
bodies but we just want to be happy in
the bodies that we're in yeah so this is
just fun just being cutesy in the water
you know get a cute picture and security
securities you know me I know where's
this words you know what I miss
see all really good yes he did so really
it was so good that's a wrap a three
John go get dinner
yes I'm kind of had a date you night
eight anywhere so it's a mixes so I just
got the kids in bed and I said a
thousand times but I just love getting
the kids into bed because I get to talk
with him and and interact with them and
it's just one of my favorite things to
do and when I was getting the kids ready
for bed
I was talking to Jackson and I was
giving him like a juice or some sort of
snack and his first thing was like can
Calvin have one he's always checking in
on Calvin and making sure that Calvin is
being taken care of too and of course I
had it ready for him he just wanted to
make sure of it and I just loved that
quality in Jackson he's such a good
older brother and and I love that like
it's so cool to see him caring about
more than just himself when he's only
three years old and that's something
that I want to be a good example for is
being selfless thinking about others and
I think Jackson is a great example of
that and it's cool to see the
characteristics of our kids growing and
developing and like that's something
that Jackson is good at and Calvin is
just has so much love for other people
and for other things like animals and
Calvin is always just hugging and
kissing and I love it like he'll run up
to me and just say daddy nah and he'll
make that sound ish it's just the
sweetest thing and I'm just so grateful
for our for our two boys they mean the
world to me and I love seeing their
their growth and their development and
the characteristics shine through their
little tiny bodies I just want to eat
them up and put them on my pocket and
keep them there and just these are my
little boys in my bucket I love much and
of course we can't forget you miss penny
yes mr. penny that's my girl yes
you're kind of an airhead but I kind of
like it to you
that sure would like all dogs they're
kind of just like a little airhead but
she's oh she's great
I'm not sure if you know this I'm pretty
much the luckiest man in the whole
entire world why why because my waffle
ooh it'll go snornas you're a little oh
yeah I know mono I was so fun I'm a
model you know what I mean and I do my
little turn on the catwalk yeah on the
catwalk yeah got a duty to do I do my
little moves on the catwalk because I
was says I do my little dance on the
catwalk
so what's it what was it like it really
was like a good night being out there
and having fun you know I did all your
modeling love the line I mow the lawn
I'm glamorous too
Honda came over and took pictures of me
mowing the lawn Oh what Ellie your
husband is a model too and he's going to
be in law the home depot magazine that
would be amazing wouldn't have you funny
yeah they they don't need the lawn mower
themselves they need someone pushing
them on or someone behind it knows what
to do with the lawn mower someone strong
thank you like me oh good I'm so glad
you know today much yeah we didn't we
saw each other once for just a couple
minutes but running crazy today yeah
it's been fun it's been a good day I had
a lot of fun with her kids and I have
fun with my brothers today so it was a
good day and so on that note we're
ending our good day with you good so
much my eyes are like we've been driving
a lot hope you tomorrow thank you guys
for watching if you enjoyed the video
give it a big thumbs up be sure to check
out the new website our new merch and
CVX I live this weekend some amazing
stuff see you tomorrow bye
