and plans change but I am also sad at
the thought of what if this is my last
pregnancy you know like I just want to
soak it up and posilutely
I just used I don't know it's crazy good
morning guys happy Sunday Jackson thank
you we are just outside playing enjoying
the beautiful weather mmm what have you
and Calvin been playing today everything
Oh playing basketball that's cool just
playing a little basketball with the
basketball hoop what the
that's not how you play basketball no I
play basketball you got to get a ball
and Duncan not your head silly he's
trying to play basketball with his head
ready what not yet not yet not yet ready
sir
Masek go I think that's her favorite toy
I'm so glad Ella got it for she loves
that thing thank you ice cream oh are
you an ice cream man yeah okay I would
like Neapolitan just like my arm
Oh ice cream cones I'll take an ice
cream cone then okay Calvin what flavor
are you gonna get bud Oh more okay
you've already had fun I guess
yeah it was nice oh sorry I'm so sorry I
did not mean to cut in line I I want
some ice cream
I'm gonna wait I'm gonna do it the right
way girl yeah thank you
so good Oh Kevin want some mmm is that
good mm-hmm this is an ice cream cone
from your son Jackson Oh yep yep he's an
ice cream man inside the basketball hoop
I know isn't that so funny we're having
a little bit of a problem today just a
little bit of a problem you guys may
remember yesterday we made this big
announcement that we have a brand new
website
well-said website is no down oh this is
so frustrating we've literally spent
months preparing for this and like we
made sure it would be able to handle the
traffic everything was good we did like
weeks of testing and the day we launched
it goes down this is like super
frustrating and it may not be a big deal
to you guys it probably isn't you know
but it is to me because we've spent a
lot of time energy money into this to
make it work right and work right the
first time but we'll get it fixed and
that's the thing it's like this is just
one day we'll get it fixed we'll get it
going and the site will be running and
we're going to be adding more stuff to
this in the future so it's going to be a
work in progress
anyway so I just want to say thank you
guys for your patience right now I know
there's I've been tweeting and messaging
a lot of you guys on YouTube Facebook
Twitter Instagram I seriously just been
like on all the social media sites
talking about this and trying to get it
fixed and we're just kind of right there
I know stamping your feet cuz you're
upset about the website right and that's
just the thing with all of this it
wouldn't be tech if something didn't go
wrong especially the first time so keep
your fingers crossed I'm hoping that
today by Monday it'll be completely
fixed for you guys so check the link
down below Ellie injure calm brand new
website hoping it's helping good now I
really appreciate all of your guys is a
very kind comment to adjourn I did our
Q&A talking about pregnancy and
miscarriage and just timing of when to
talk about things I got a message from
one of you guys yesterday and you're
like I'm one of the original followers
and I really hope you can muster up some
courage and talk more about this it
would help me a lot and and it's just
nice to openly have conversations but on
the flip side sometimes it's very hard
this time around I've been having a
little harder time like opening up and
but I'm going to now so I'm going to be
talking about trying to conceive right
now if anyone just wants to skip past
this or if you want to watch but I so
I've been tracking everything since I
started talking I did get pregnant and
I've been tracking everything else after
that way I can kind of have a record
like how things are going and like what
it looks like on paper you know so I did
have a period on June 30th and I've been
tracking ever since
ovulation and today so four weeks later
I did get a positive ovulation and it's
funny because I wasn't going to test
today cuz I had like two testers left
and I was like it's like too late by now
like I'm just not even going to worry
about it and I peed in the morning like
I usually do and I just didn't test and
then after my bath I just kept sinking
because yesterday I was really crappy
and I was like oh well maybe I'll start
that would be cool like you know start
four weeks later when it's usually like
eight weeks or ten weeks or whatever
later and so I did test and I did get a
positive ovulation and so I am excited
but at the same time Jared and I have
talked quite a bit and then we just
don't know right now like maybe we'll
try maybe we won't we still we just go
back and forth all the time right now if
we just want to wait a little bit longer
but at the same time I don't want to
wait too much longer because who knows
if you are going to get pregnant then
you know so it's just a lot of emotions
it's like ups and downs like every day
so I just I don't know if I should right
now because that's how I'm feeling right
now but I did think it was really cool
that I did get a positive ovulation I
wanted to share with you guys and just
as a little update Jenna and I were just
talking and Calvin will be three years
old
if we got pregnant on this cycle or
around the cycle Calla wanna be turning
3 when we have the baby or we'd have the
baby and then Calvin be 3 that's crazy
that's crazy to think and I mean plans
always change you know I've always
changed and we said after having Calvin
like maybe we'll wait two years yeah we
wanted a little break
and I feel like we definitely have how
to break and I think another thing when
I was talking about in our Q&A like how
I was feeling so like confused is
because I kept telling Jared I've never
been one to put a number on kids like I
don't necessarily say oh I want four I
want five or I mean I used to always
want a big family and the more and more
like time passes I just right now I
guess I'm just content in life and I'm
plans and plans change
but I am also sad at the thought of what
if this is my last pregnancy you know
like I just want to soak it up and
absolutely I just used I don't know it's
crazy well and that's and that's the
whole thing about life is the situation
you're in right now and the thoughts
that you have right now are going to be
totally different than the situation
you're in in five years from now and the
slots that you have five years from now
do you know what I mean yeah like it's
it's so crazy how you know even just
last month one thing we were thinking
one thing and now it's a different thing
and you know like put you in different
situations and makes you think different
things that's part of it too
Elle as they do so everyone has been
here at my parents house and I just got
at a church we're having a big family
dinner and I'm late so I'm going to see
is everyone still here
hi it looks like you guys are done
eating yeah did you eat it all oh yeah
like what this month has been cousin
galore I think my kids are on cloud nine
hello Jackson where do you guys play in
yeah jail who's in jail oh yeah you
better get up there mister because you
didn't eat your dinner and you only ate
chips help you look like you would scare
me if you put me in jail Wow we also
have some really refreshed refreshing
beverages tonight are you having fun
Carter yes
Drake that is so cool he's been making
stuff for his mama that's so cool
ah dang it like a goat because I
bollocks please don't break my camera we
just got a mom and Matt have been
building rubberband gun and this is like
the coolest thing let me show ya so
they've got the the gun right here the
dowels right here for the barrel right
there and that's going to go on top of
that and you put a clothespin on top of
it and then you can put the rubber band
off but just like a fun idea I see Matt
you out here in the garage
I'm like just like that you're like
albor lon that makes me Tamela welcome
to tonight's main event where it is
baseball in the backyard we have Jackson
up to play he's wearing a very
interesting uniform today
he's got the American flag made at a
baseball bat some very very very short
short we call them undies and the pitch
oh so I'm gonna miss a mama
Meachem has got the heat tonight ladies
and gents he thought they'd stop hmm
we've got rubber bands to your head
before and the bitch
Oh B Reich you just gotta keep your eye
on the ball Kate eye on the ball then
you're gonna hit that K so here I am
oh hey by the pitch mom I'm the
commentator I don't have anything with a
game Hey good hit buddy yeah all right
we're ending our night with a rubber gun
fight thanks Matt for making these
entertaining the kids it crazy and when
I say go hey
well it's officially official it is a
brand-new week and this week I just have
to sit I'm sorry that is rude on my part
anyway it's brand new week and that
means this week is CVX live this
Thursday kind of Friday and Saturday is
CVX live and we're going to be there and
there's still room for our super fan
experience I'll have a link to it down
below we would love to meet you if you
are in or around Utah bring your family
bring your friends and come meet us come
learn about what we and so many other
creators do it's going to be an amazing
adventure it's going to be such a great
weekend I would love to see you there hi
pretty princess penny how's my girl okay
no one wants to see that penny
that's disgusting we had a really great
day with family today having dinner was
a lot of fun and we actually talked
about some pretty cool things about
Ellie and I and just our future and it's
just really nice I'm grateful for my
family and their insights and the
experiences that they've gone through
and how it can relate to us so with that
it is time to say good night to you guys
and good night to us we are going to go
to sleep so what what do you mean you're
making like a meal right now cuacamole
holy cannoli I guess we're not going to
sleep but we're going to think about hey
what the heck look at this I'm just on
Instagram and this is just a sponsored
go go go this is just say this is on
Instagram and it's a sponsored ad
what does bike you could fit a bike and
then the two kids in there are you
kidding me that is so cool Ellie I do
not need a bike I already have a bike
and the kids have seized on I do not
need this look how cool that is that is
so cool sometimes those are kind of
annoying it's like I don't follow
this but they're in there and that's
really cool that's sweet
have you guys seen that anyway I know we
already ended the vlog but I'm watching
the bet that I'm catching up on The
Bachelorette in my treats looking on
Instagram are you cool I know
do you see that buy you work it looks so
cool is it okay bye thank you so much
for watching if you enjoyed the video
please give it a big thumbs up if the
website is still giving you trouble we
are still working on it we've been on
the phone and off the phone and on the
phone with the hosting company for a
long time so thanks guys thanks for your
patience and we will see you guys
tomorrow
bye let's start something oh my goodness
