we have something that we want to show
you guys we have something very exciting
that we were ready to reveal but I'm not
sure if I want to do it right now we
should you think we should I don't know
do you think they're ready to see it oh
uh okay we good morning guys and happy
Saturday happy saturday le I think you
dropped your oh did you throw it away
yeah yes your nametag we had honey oh
darling I was going to tell this joke
well not a joke but I'll just say hey
Lily
you dropped your name Ted I'm like
smooth and suave because of Saturday we
have a few things that we need to do
around yeah happy Saturday we have a few
things that we need to do around the
house will you help me high-five
Oh pound it boom there we go okay so
what we need to do Jackson is mommy has
asked us to do a chore mom he has asked
us to grab a garbage bag and go around
all the rooms in the house and grab the
garbage cans and put him in the garbage
bags and to roam away can you help me do
that yep awesome let's go grab a garbage
bag see this gray bar that's where the
opening is so pull there we go
you got it what are you doing in here oh
my god I caught you red-handed are you
trying to brush your teeth yes that's
garbage
oh that's a great idea good John now
please put it in here I think so
goodness good gentlemen no that's it hi
buddy hey man thanks for your help I
couldn't have done it without you
all right so I have never shopped the
Nordstrom anniversary cells because I
like to just buy mine and the kids
clothes just as we need them like I
don't like to buy the fall clothes when
it's summer I don't know why I just
usually like to do it that way but
they're having their anniversary sale
and when I had ordered several outfits
from thredUP and i had ordered a brand i
had never used before and it was Tucker
and taped and Jackson had this
long-sleeved blue shirt last winter so
it was already used because it was from
thredUP it was good quality and I had
washed it so many times so many times it
still looked really good and fit really
good at the end of the winter after it
was already used and I was like this is
a good brand I never knew where that
brand like was I just knew that I had
ordered it from thread up but Nordstrom
has Tucker and paint and this is about
the shirt that he had had last winter so
it's nine bucks
I'm totally to get him one of these
shirts but I'm just looking for a few
clothes for the kids for fall and winter
Calvin Calvin go in your room
pull in your room he's wearing a shoe
from his firm is teddy bear okay so I'm
going to order a few clothes from the
kids for winter and I'm excited about it
because it's new clothes and it's fun
but I'm also not excited about it
because
I don't even like the thought of like
fall and winter coming like I love
summer I love the heat I've loved being
outside so much this summer but it is
kind of fun to think about like new
clothes and new seasons you covering
your eyes is not getting you out of a
nap it's not I'm sorry but you need fine
come on let's go putting the whole my
hand will cool I'll come sit by you for
a minute
how do you look okay yes you do
oh good idea Jackson I thought it'd be a
lot of fun to take a four-wheeler right
today yes
oh my gosh you would not believe this
let me show you
Jackson is dead asleep right now
he's only ten minutes I guess we're
going to have a joyride
tonight a photo right
well good morning sleepyhead good
morning was that fun
are you tired should we go tell mommy
then he tells me you didn't fall asleep
all right everybody by a show of hands
who would like to hear something funny
mommy does I would like to tell you
something funny oh no nevermind penny
you're a scary ghost so there's
something funny that I have to tell you
Ellie is that while we were on our
four-wheeling ride Jackson totally fell
asleep like did you fall asleep on the
four-wheeling ride yes you did and I
have video and yeah I have video and
photo evidence of it no idea she's
denying us that it was funny though it
was actually a really nice ride we
weren't going fast we're just kind of
enjoying the scenery and those up I may
have slept a little bit but you guys
know that I do my best driving when I
sleep you are such a scary ghost your
colorful scary ghost we have something
that we want to show you guys we have
something very exciting that we were
ready to reveal but I'm not sure if I
want to do it right now we should you
think we should I don't know do you
think they're ready to see it uh-uh
okay we are launching a website yeah we
are we are launching a website this is
taken like six or seven months to get
going and we are very excited shall we
show them right now whoa this is like
the little splash page the landing page
and then Ali and Jared and they scroll
up wow it looks so great absque right
button you have your videos news about
March social slowdown we have a little
segment about us can you have some fun
videos that we have emerge I know my
favorite thing is just like how big and
how fun that we took
pictures when you're starting building
this yeah like they were like okay
they're halfway point of building them
okay we need pictures we took pictures
now they're out another outfit it'll
take some more
these are merchandise so you can like
hit the arrow right here and you can see
the other popular shirts that we have on
our merchandise some new ones we have a
nude section do some things that we've
been able to do and be a part of yeah
remember that dress I Shrunk it oh no
so yeah and the OD appears in about
section where maybe you might learn a
couple things about each of us which I'm
not sure if you know all of the things
that are in there so make sure you go to
the website and check it out this has
been a long time in the making and I
would love for you guys to check out the
website we'll have a link to it down
below obviously and I want you guys to
explore the website there is a secret on
the web page and if you find it yeah
I'll just say this find a secret and you
will know and let me know that you found
my parallel town I know you guys are a
lot smarter than me I would never have
known what's difficult
yeah see this on the website so if
you're like if you know giving it's cool
you're giving it away Truman lot people
like me like I don't get it if you find
it let me know I'm anxious to find out
who's going to find it first it's pretty
cool I think anyway so but yeah we are
launching a website there's a place that
you can reach out to us and contact us
because I know a lot of people have been
looking for that
just everything it's it's our it's our
website and we're it's going to change
with us on a page outside of YouTube you
know it's like that we can post to as
well that's not like Instagram and
Twitter yeah
now this is exciting pop this is
exciting
luckily let's go eat less clapping
didn't our website in this live right
now Ellie and Jared calm I didn't think
we mentioned that just Ellie and Jared
calm we have our own website Ellie and
Jared calm
I am seated right away
yes weird order big burrito no no no no
who's just saying pay for the people
nuts okay down your bum buddy
good job mister for your order a burrito
brittle or chuckles hey read the napkin
go turn around
Oh skip let's skip Cooper again so my
doctor just said shall we skip where did
you learn that shall we pick courser oq7
pagan Goldie and bear their favorite
shows for sure I seriously love what a
geek underhand Oh Calvin well Jackson
Hank
Calvin hold my hand yeah we all hold
hands there we go
something that I love to do before we
had kids was to go on night walk go to
the gas station get ice creams in this
liquor so as we did that learn so much
don't go to date pretty sure she did
that so much and right now we're walking
with the two kiddos
we gotta kind of hurry and move for
welcome to the parking lot right now but
we are walking to go get some ice cream
and I'm so excited and I'm vlogging
awkward screen hi my name is Jared and
this is my and this is and and this is
my and this is my wife Ellie huh
and we just spend our entire evening
putting our children and we'd like to
talk about so nice like last night kids
went to sleep like that tonight it was a
battle and we lost their sleeve though
so I guess we did win I don't know it's
amazing how much energy you have as soon
as you know your kids run that oh yeah
it's like because I think you can kind
of breathe for a minute
okay how many can be touched now it's
our turn yeah so do you but we've got
we've got one more kid I didn't get to
bid she's going to go to bed actually
we're going to play and hang out for a
little bit she's just sitting there
waiting what a cute little girl bring
her inside meet me inside meet me inside
meet me a son inside good girl
hi Danny what do you think if I did that
if you think if I did desi Jackson he
would be interested or scared
he's been loving ghosts lately and it's
all because of the three and challenge
that we I don't know of his are their
daily bumps but anyway he's super
interested in ghosts he's like our
ghosts in there my girls in there so I
don't honestly don't think you'd be
scared I think it'd be more like it's a
ghost I want to talk to it I want to
feel it or something like that
I don't know anyway I tried scaring
Ellen didn't work so I guess I'm just
not very scary ghosts anyway that's
going to be it for most today guys thank
you so much for watching the video today
if you enjoyed it please give it a big
thumbs up also check out the new website
Ellie and Jared calm and let me know
what you think I'm so excited for you
guys to see it's been a long work in
progress and yeah let's hope it doesn't
crash oh behind the scenes we actually
already exceeded the bandwidth and in
real-time and I'm actually feeling
filming this over in the process of
moving it to an unlimited bandwidth
server so across your fingers that works
for that before this video goes live
because crashing websites are not fun
anyway thank you guys for watching we'll
see you guys next time bye
