do you love your brother yeah are you
tickling you dick oh my leg was like
pulling bagging I was like no I'm going
to give you a
good morning guys how's it going
what differs a party in the van party
and her man road trip
yeah guess who's not invited though me
I'm not invited
that's okay do you want to know why
because I'm working on this odd you
figured yesterday you remember that yeah
a lot of fun we worked on a really fun
video yesterday okay I wanted to come
and tell you that I love you and then
today so you know what that means
means you gotta give me kiss now mmm I
love you I'm gonna miss you I don't
think you're gonna miss me with those
eyebrows though hold assess hope you
have a great bass game easy yeah that's
what Calvin's being right now hmm I love
you I'll see ya he's about ready to fall
asleep good night right there you are
gimme a kiss now me again did he get
have fun I love you drive safe
it has lots of editing to do today and
they do has a huge adheres up all really
late last night
everything Julie's in town we're to go
see her julie has made the round team
family and we're going to go and see her
she's up with some of our cousins so on
the road to go see Jimmy tank is full
Calvin just fell asleep Yahoo how cozy
and cute is this you want to see so cute
ok so we're at my cousin's house my
cousin ran to a church meeting and
Julian's inside kind of having her kids
just getting a few down for now we're
get lunch on the front porch and it's
been raining look at the rain this is
such a fun day this is so cute so cute
sure I saw hook Melly
justyou coupe okay are these the street
babies of the family like the three
young young ones and Henry systems of
the older hunt so we have Henry Swink
and Porter hi borders hi Calvin
howdy hey mister hey whip where's your
shirt say that any dog shirt oh so cute
huh Oh big kisses oh whoa
thank you uh so good to see you again
this is so funny good all came out here
to play I love this more than anything
guys like how cute this is peekaboo
Thank You Reuben take your boo-boo and
no that's not Calvin he just has the
thing I know I went got his overalls
again so cute I forgot these it drool so
you got a new outfit and Calvin hi to
get another pair right you're out you
don't want to wait until you turn into a
butterfly and fly away if you like young
I push you hard enough you might do that
no new baby kitten or a puppy Oh see
you're really soft and cats don't like
that yes or water
why are you high and I come in here
scoot over just a notch
I'm coming and come in stinker I think
you can get the rhythm back pump your
legs girl some fun carrying and a
hammock is a commitment it's not fun
being in a hammock when someone's not
committed like Jackson and Porter wanted
to get out right away
and it's fun to just sit and like swing
and feel the breeze in between your face
but I think you can be a commitment I
think you can be a commitment right whoo
so cute olivia is asking Calvin of what
kind of animal he was okay I guess
Calvin are you dog
Wow your truck it was so cute he was
just answering in there have a
conversation
oh yeah oh yeah oh yeah you said you
were gonna commitment me oh oh
she said she'd stay in the hammock
forever that's my commitment is fine lay
down close your eyes cow can you believe
last summer you were just filled it all
I can't believe what you will be doing
next summer you'll be doing like what
Jackson doing next summer it's crazy how
fast kids grow when you assume you can
give it as far as like fall or like
winter or again a year from now you know
think he'll be so much bigger so crazy
you're growing up what's up you know
what that could be really hard to get
away from Lincoln but when he puts it
down you could grab it okay in the hall
yeah and the ball when he's done with it
is that okay okay oh it's not it will
happen it'll have to be okay because
that's his toy right now huh Lincoln
yeah to breed acquired a couple times
together yeah if we take it he's not
going to be happy one ponytail and put
it up there soon
Oh
hi here's my cousin Amanda and their
talk about hair and I asked Bonnie and
Julia layer again you can tell me what
you think
I asked fine angel extended a hair
appointment and like a month guys it's
so far away they keep you and push back
because I've been going back and forth
about cutting my hair and I asked Bonnie
Angela again for the hundredth time I'm
like should I cut my hair and Bonnie's
like high head jump on it I don't hear
what good I don't know should I I think
you should you know use so pretty much I
know dashing is that goes back here so
pretty
really cute short saying I think is beat
you could get long I'll probably do the
same thing that I did last time last
kind of cut two inches I'll probably cut
like three or four inches but I won't go
like crazy short but yes or something
yeah I get a ghost flaw I mean it's not
a big deal but at the same time it does
tears the kids are coming in and out
we're feeding them dinner then it's time
for bed
what is that a truck vroom
a truck that goes room that's right hi
boys Oh we'll have to find it it is so
good to see you I missed you all day
long
gimme a kiss come on give me a kiss I
don't know where you tell me were you
playing with your cousin all day long
today oh yeah did you have fun today
yeah
did did you do it
do you love your brother yeah are you
tickling you giggle like
Jax is like pulling bagging I was like
no I'm going to give you a kid hey
Jackson what was your favorite part
about today oh it's a ghost
he's a ghost oh there you are there you
are you boys are so silly oh yeah oh no
your hands stuck there it is hey what
was your favorite part of the day today
oh I going neck you went to your
cousin's house do you have fun playing
with your cousin's what did you do
something like on the trampoline did you
put this ring on Ernie yeah yes Minos
was a fan of me the sprinklers got on
the trampoline what would that fun or
was that not fun I said it was fun did
it get you wet oh my gosh that's so fun
did you jump on the trampoline with the
sprinkler ha did you get wet yeah was it
fun good I'm so glad you boys had fun
hey whoa whoa so fighting over the
blanket has to stop there's enough
blankets to go around okay boys you can
at least share this blink it's bigger
than both of you combined
ah it's another girl let's get out of
here while we still can
oh it's just Jackson so the kids are in
bed and I'm kind of geeking out right
now because I am about to watch the
Tesla Model 3 event and hopefully they
have some like more details about it
because no one really knows that much
about all the details that go with it so
I'm excited to watch but does love it
and I guess it's over that was it they
didn't do much I mean they showed the
interior and I
does it what is midnight so I think it
is about time that we say good night to
you guys because we are going to bed I
know I've gone back and forth a bunch of
times and I still have a month to go
back and forth so don't judge me as of
now I'm going to cut my hair what I
change it every other day okay so
tomorrow so we just have to line up the
days before your thing so it's like
juggling Daisy loves me not yeah to cut
it I won't come back to cut I won't cut
it I don't think you should cut it
because if you cut it it's dumb
you heard what Bonnie said you want to
cut it just do it you know I'm gonna
love you no matter what of course but
I'll probably love you a little more if
your hair is longer let's say my love
for you increases as your hair grows is
that like Rapunzel I'm cutting it ah
okay I guess on that know what I'm not
going to go crazy I like you know maybe
here
that's not whereas that's not that yeah
that's not that's fine okay I'll see you
guys tomorrow thanks for watching have a
wonderful weekend
oh description down below CVX live
tickets is next weekend and our new
merch thanks for watching bye
