you know for dinner and I forgot my
wallet so why don't you buy my dinner
it is almost a we good good morning guys
we are singing a commercial stuff on hi
gallery video are very balanced yeah hi
Alan have you shopping us right now film
us you cease because we don't have
enough hands and the kids what are you
guys doing okay let's see this race oh
oh you got one
they are making us pulling cars bowling
cake or knock some more cars down you
can knock them all over he's really nail
okay but see how fast it can go well
awesome yes I said it again and I'll say
it a hundred more times the kids
favorite toys now to doubt cars they can
be entertained with them very long time
you always wants me to put these back up
you have fun and I'll come over and then
you want mama to bend over and put them
all up huh I can do that let's see
hurry knock it over these two DS out of
tune key hey what are you doing what a
grab but what new words of gravity Chu
the cool commando are you going commando
what what so Jackson over to move in
dad's house for a little bit to play
with his cousins and they played in the
water and he didn't have a swimsuit so
he went down to his little undies and
they're all wet and now he's going
commando he learned a new word new word
for a three-year-old hey guys
future Jerry I just want to come in here
and make a little interjection make a
little announcement for you guys a lot
of you have been asking about CVX live
contest winners and I have them I wanted
to announce those winners here on the
vlog and let you guys know a couple
things about CVX live because it's
coming up very very soon but first there
foremost let's get to the winners we
actually have three winners instead of
two and I'm excited to announce Brittany
from Utah you are a winner Marielle from
the Netherlands you are a winner Ashley
from Colorado you are a winner the
winners you guys probably already know
that you're winners because we have
emailed you and contacted you and sent
you the tickets to CVX live so
congratulations guys I'm so excited to
see you if you enter able to come this
is going to be a lot of fun so you get
five is probably my favorite convention
and there's still time to get tickets
there's still time to make it if you
guys can come and we still have space
for our super fan experience it's my
favorite part of CVX
it's basically we all get in a room
together and we talk and we chat and we
take pictures it's the most intimate
meetup that I've ever been a part of and
it's the most fun and I'm not sure if I
should say this because I think it's
going to go through but I just wanna I I
think it's going to work out so I think
I'm okay to say this we're going to try
and have swig cookies come to our super
fan next year
and have everyone have sweat cookies
because we love them so much and we want
everyone to have some of those things so
that's what we're that's one thing that
we're trying but CVX live is August
third through fifth in Salt Lake City at
the Salt Palace
there's tons of awesome creators there
it's a convention like VidCon or
playlist but it's very family-friendly
and that's one thing that I love about
it and all these huge creators are
coming from Utah and outside of you to
all throughout the United States
I even think there's some youtubers
coming from from overseas England and
everything but it's going to be a great
time guys let me know in the comments
section if you guys are coming or
planning on coming because I would love
to meet you guys okay back to business
we're in the middle of filming Jackson
is being so cute like he wants to do it
again and again number like we're doing
a shot but okay you want to do it and
we'll show you guys when he runs by how
cute he is
getting ready for the martini shot is
that what they call the last shot of the
day I mean we're almost there right
we're getting the mobi set up we have a
pretty interesting scene and we can't do
it along
so we've enlisted the help of my my good
friend down I mean my brother Matt we
are going to take out something's very
cool very special very exciting dr. Drew
job for wheeler the four wheeler is the
main star of the next scene and I'm
pretty excited it's a clothing shot of
the video and it's also the clothing
shot of our day at least further what
we're filming today so I'm pretty
excited
you
Oh
well ladies and gents there that's all
right hmm Matt hey how are your arms
Ellen I'm tired but I feel really really
swole yeah dude
never those uh those stabilizers are
pretty intense man yeah this guy he
weighs a ton and riding on the back of a
four-wheeler just whoa whoa whoa we
don't want to give too much away oh that
was a very fun video shoot thank you
guys for helping we appreciate you and
your talents and your abilities and I
appreciate Ellie because she's cute
walking away like that
shaky Oh boohoo day well I am sure glad
that Bonnie and Jill's house is only a
four wheel drive away I just brought
this bad boy over and I loved driving it
it was really fun a little cruise by
myself but we are heading out to dinner
I think because Julie is here I was so
excited to come over here you know for
dinner and I forgot my wallet so what
did you buy for dinner
I just asked Julia are you bringing any
makeup on your skin compliment nothing
on my uniform I mean you'd beautiful
four years four years we would go back
and forth phone calls and checks and
this skincare using like our skin mmm
you should be show as far as acne god
they both had acne but for long some
years was good and yours is that and
then mine really bad and her good and
now I feel like people coming out of it
finally yes I think age has helped a lot
like for me at least and I've talked
forever like we could use dishes a tour
together for years and then right now
are you using I'm just about those
issues they don't know what I'll do next
yeah I really liked that but I am really
liking the Rodan and fields and
I'm magenta notably building things yeah
because my cousin sells besides I'm
buying Lots to her tried testing me out
look how cute that is house and they
made it into a restaurant it's cute
we've never been here before we're going
somewhere new and it's a the tie house
so it's called you ever see I guess
you're walking not annoying this is
sorry sis if I get anyone but you're
cute
I know it doesn't but you always worry a
little you know I'm happy yeah this
looks amazing
so Bonnie thanks for buying filled again
joy this is it I've never tried typing I
don't think when we basically got
Chinese through this Daisy
there's no freedom yeah so good I
excited sis Julie and I are trying these
like fresh noodles they it looks good
but okay right mm-hmm I thought I'd be
more like you see them that's really
good it's really thank you guys so much
for watching the blog today we've really
appreciate it
jared has been editing for hours he has
a full day tomorrow editing this
commercial I hope it turns out really
good we just had so much fun together I
mean I know we say that but we mean that
like not every day like it's so fun and
exciting but like it was fun to like
work and play at the same time like you
really do have an enjoyable day so fun
to see my sister I'm so glad that she
decided last night to come in we've seen
lots of family this month that summer is
so like family reunions get together and
I really loved it
we'll see you guys tomorrow is late I
need to go back okay
