what you say cow what help okay I'll
help you
let's get on one two three go bye bye
we are making our very first stop of the
day after driving about two two and a
half hours I think and last time we went
on a road trip we missed this but it's
here now
haha the giant Sharon Bieber is only 7
a.m. I know their ice cream is it's
pretty good right here good morning boys
how are you
should we get up here and I'll take a
picture together okay
yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes oh you
want to get going okay let's take a
picture and then we'll go okay let's go
all right the first two hours are done
and kids are awake I am hand feeding
them some banana they got a drink you're
situated and good to go you can make it
scream it
oh no one cares use the woman's use the
woman's is there this here we are and
there they are right there
we did it we just will have designers
Park six hours away and now we're at the
reservoir the the plan was to get here
at 11:30 and we pulled up to here at
11:30 on the dot this is like a family
reunion number two
cuz guess who's here Julie Julie dude
you're a regular surfer Calvin's taking
after Jackson oh go go go go you got a
hop on first bud you got a hop on what
you say count what help okay I'll help
you let's get on one two three huh there
you go Jackson okay he's right over here
ready one two three go bye bye all the
girls are out there paddling on the
paddleboard look how fun that looks yeah
Calvin do you love the water whoa yeah
show me how you hold your breath Oh show
me again how do you hold your breath
you're not that's okay you can swim on
top of the water look at these guys
little four
well you look cute and sunkissed UI yeah
thank you
yeah kiss you a little too hard yeah
yeah it's been a lot of fun it's like a
party if you're a few days we are just
heading home and this I felt very sad
for everyone that is involved
my parents they live right by a small
airport and I think in the last 10 years
there have been four four plane crashes
two of which were across the street from
my parents house like my dad went and
helped sum up the men out of the plane
during the last crash but today there
was a small airplane crash under I 15 on
the freeway right back pain freeway that
we we go on we got up and down and I
feel like didn't you take the sauce I
don't like you know I mean you know any
serious guys I feel very bad and for the
people in the plane have passed away the
freeway is shut down and Jared's family
is coming back up from the reunion as
well and the canyon to get to where we
live right now as well as closed because
there was a police pursue and both the
truck and semi are fully engulfed I
guess and there's a lot of police and
EMS people helping
just lots of unfortunate things right
now going on in our area and I just I
feel really bad for everyone involved
but I'm grateful for the safety of my
family there's so many things that go on
in the world and you usually feel this
separation because it's not like
affecting people you know or in your
neighborhood but it just feels so
different you feel so attached when it
happens like right when it's close it's
hard to comprehend you know it's not in
your bag that's a great way to put it
but anytime this happens we just feel so
terrible but you hope for the best out
of the situation out there and you know
but just sad just not going home hearing
all this now that we're home the very
first thing that we are doing is
cleaning up the van we had about 35
different people in this van and now it
is very very dirty so we are cleaning it
up getting the car seats out to wash
them and gonna vacuum all this sand look
at all of this does it come standard
with Netflix that you can just watch it
on demand Calvin got carsick on the way
to there yeah i'ma thrown up and we had
clean it the best we could
I'm just unzipping it and washing them
both I do that often dunsky so that's oh
yes thank you appreciate him all weather
mats sprayed check interior vacuum and
wipe down check le just vacuumed did a
lot of questions we had is where all of
the stuff goes when we vacuumed it just
goes right back here I'm gonna show ya
how it all works there we go this is
gonna be gross but that is a sponge of
stuff that we vacuumed up doesn't that
pick up like crazy stun yeah that's
gross but it's amazing
hey kids are in bed I'll see you in a
little bit I love you have fun be safe
be smart oh my goodness look at your
shirt huh I don't want to ignore it your
thing but you're so sophisticated and
thoughtful your dirt do you like this
yeah I like it let's start something yes
we got that sure I'll see you in a
little bit I love you bye love you I'm
gonna go and talk to Julie she's at
Bonnie's house right now
where's the kitchens I'll have to show
you we've got the kids shirts um for the
kids
the penny dog's shirts so cute Jared
took the van through a wash it looks so
good we clean the inside of it oh my
goodness it smells so good it's also
good to shower wash my hair love it it's
always fun going places but it's always
fun to come home to and like sleep in
your bed and have just everything clean
you know on fresh
anybody home hi is your window open no I
swear I pulled up and I could hear him
outside hi oh no I keep my distracted
here when I was looking for my sacristy
so just like you
you like big today yeah he's gonna come
to you if you were I didn't know you
were - yep oh I'm here Jeff treats come
on it it's all clean no good okay I was
gonna push that forward but I shake your
booty shake your booty oh I have your
Tuesday underwear for job thank you all
right before we under net we gotta go
get some gelato which I've never been
here before Bonnie says it's really good
don't steal we're gonna sit here and eat
our Jelani it tastes very yummy by the
way I got strawberry pi√±a colada okay
well thank you guys so much for watching
