well good morning how did you sleep
thanks good we are on our last day here
and it is raining a feeling we're to be
inside playing some games today it's
beautiful look at that view
okay should go eat some breakfast time
to play bingo free candy that sounds so
good huh aunt Vicky has that all set up
for us
hey mom and Vicky and grandma why don't
you guys lean in together and pretend
like you're family and we'll just get
like a cute little video yeah this is
all video right now I hope you're okay
well yeah you guys are just so cute you
a little family yeah are you guys having
fun today and yesterday for the reunion
for me it is pouring down rain outside
oh good well so here's the question
would you rather be a hundred and ten
degrees we can ask them no I haven't
even hit don't you say rain la water it
is pouring down rain today Wow Wow
you're hanging on me do that again say
wow look at these muscles it is pouring
down rain today it actually is kind of
fun because it's not 110 degrees which
was the alternative last week but at the
same time there's dirt everywhere
that means lots of mud so much not in
fact that one of our vehicles let me
show you is completely stuck in the mud
we're probably going to have to grab
what a better use of the rain than doing
a slip and slide whoa Jackson are you
gonna go down the slip and slide yeah
whoo it's warm I'm gonna go for it
run let's go watch them go first hey
ready set go
whoo did that look like so much fun
ready try again
why are you guys gonna go out you guys
okay
you
you
hey grandma do you want to go down the
waterslide
not today tomorrow then you know what
what you can fit the bill area of it
right there so you can say goodbye he's
very excited Jax is awaiting good days
to play bingo with aunt Vicki which he's
been calling grandma Vicki until all the
kids are going to get together and play
bingo bingo candy huh you're so excited
you're ready taking go now go my veto
card ready please been waiting for two
daheia I'm afraid my partner Calvin
we're going to eat our markers so I
super closer if you have a green chicken
okay so we won't put one guy next time
boy lips I have an award you just need
one more mom you just see the red dog
I mean I could even look out the first
bingo things are getting a little bit
more serious in the single arena so we
have moved to the table where we can
really play yeah oh wow look at that
Brian your family goes
well yeah yeah yeah look at this can you
show us what's inside there bud Oh our
unicorn yeah
yeah Jax another can go oh you're so
excited about it you're a winner
I win our long
we have been inside during all of this
rain having some fun and playing some
games but the rain has died down and now
we thought you said cool to go and get
in the pond and go on a canoe ride how
did you get in the boat you're holding
on tight well that's right hold on tight
Jackson oh my god Kevin what if Ducks
say Wow quack quack
good job whoa this is fun
but jacks
those are the Ducks that we do it off
our promising sure to go say hi Robin
you see the duck
think of that over there okay we can go
over there oh you want to paddle over
there I was about to throw you in but
try throw you in
another something completely different
you boy than what was in not joking
River Lake oh yeah hey mr. cow what have
we been doing what have we been doing
jacked we've been feeding horses has
been so fun being horses Jared and
Jackson are on another little bullet
ride before dinner okay they are you
know what you come back for dinner
when you're done
so we just had dinner and this is what
our evening is looking like right now
Ellie and amber are watching the better
we've got some games going on here
grandma and mom are chatting and me dad
Nate and Mel are playing guitar and
singing and we've been working on the
song for a little bit and we come
ah
on everybody even though we ain't got
money I'm sewing home with your humanity
no bringing change alone in the morning
when I rise bringing tears to my tell
you everything's gonna be alright
well that is our family reunion yes I'm
vlogging from the bathroom right now
everyone is asleep and we're trying to
be so quite well actually
Canada's awake he heard the music and
like I am NOT missing this so Kelly's
trying to get him back to bed right now
but we are going to call it a night
thank you guys so much for watching the
video today we have so much fun that was
family this is the best ever and I'm so
excited for more family stuff coming up
soon so if you enjoyed the video give a
thumbs up if you're new this channel
that does subscribe button and we will
see you guys tomorrow oh don't forget if
you're new here and haven't been here
for a while we have new work I'll have
that link down below and I cards one of
these sides over here thanks guys bye
