we're making our way over to dinner and
Kelvin yes yeah
Kelvin we're running and dancing in the
rain go go get your arms away
good morning hey sleepyhead
good morning from Zions National Park
we're here at our family reunion and
we're just walking over to breakfast
okay she'll be kicked out right yeah all
the kids had other knows over the road
if so many family so many cousins and
the kids loved it
the kids are in heaven and my belly's
hungry so grandma
step aside she turning 93 and this is
this is a family reunion that grandma
wanted to put on us we've got all of our
all of her kids all of their kids and
all of our kids here at the family's
island yeah so we are at this cool ranch
there is enough housing for all of us to
sleep in and it is acres and acres
there's a huge pond over there you can
canoe in reading breakfast in tutorial
hiking today the derivative of golfing
and they'll do my regular go horseback
ride yeah we're gonna do a little like a
sweet scene for Grandma so we've got all
of our family here eating breakfast
we're having breakfast burritos Jack's
made a special request to have breakfast
on the ground and there he is
all of items but that's why he wanted to
do I think he really likes it up there I
want to be right next to where I can
play and so I'm going to eat breakfast
there than I complain right after
breakfast
that's what he's thinking right now go
go go go yeah
a key to those mountain keep it up
nothing
yes my cousin yes family here was I left
- I love we are at somewhere where we
have never been before dying
National Park please y'all turn your
head out thank you very science National
Park if we could fly the drone it would
have been heaven but illegal yeah no but
we're going to go on a couple hikes with
the family fun defuser beautiful
Jaxon's let's see how long you can watch
the rest of the tunnel is
help I read the hotel alive but yeah
I scared you tonight did I say they
scare you good you're probably talking
about like is like super serious topic
and I just know how old everybody is
sorry
all right kids no rolling on the book
you get ready
you excited Jackson oh yeah I know
Calvin he's just one of the crew one of
the crew
Oh
all right we are on our very first hike
in Zion National Park it is outside hey
we're going to the weeping rock and a
good hike for kids yeah about a half
mile and it's beautiful look at this
giant rock right here like holy cow I'm
not cool I know awesome no you don't
think it's cool well I promise when
you're older you'll appreciate this like
this Jackson yeah you're all and you
appreciate it yeah that's what I like to
hear
you're just a trickster aren't ya
do you feel that Kelvin it's raining on
us do you feel that that feels so good
oh what's on the lens - whoa - how
refreshing
you guys made it it isn't is so
refreshing to get hit by just water
Calvin loves the muddy puddles nut come
get rained on by this rock I'm not
getting engineers Oh didn't yeah I got
oh well it looks like you found a really
great way to cool off yeah yeah this is
awesome
is it cold I might have to take my oh
yeah I might have to take my shoes and
socks off
I thought did that feel good in there
Jackson yeah no it was a too cold that's
what I'm after that is exactly what I'm
after
yes it does look like I'm wearing socks
that's just my feet oh really why oh
this is so nice OE so refreshing under
here I'm the troll under the bridge
excuse me you're holding up the road
Thanks appreciate it thanks guys thanks
for crossing the road
hi guys do you see a fish there might be
a fish
Jackson we were on a canoe on the pond
and we're just having so much fun what
do you think of this bud you like doing
this
yeah can you steer us the right way
we're going back towards the weeds can
you paddle it away there you go good job
Jackson should we go say hi to those
duckies say hi duckies Texas say hi to
the duckies okay Ellie you got to be
honest with me how dirty my bum not
really it's not that bad yeah it feels
really wet yeah look at this like this
is the best place for a family reunion
ever
you're already getting ready to ride
your bike the canoe wasn't enough you're
just like too much of a thrill-seeker
got to have the next adventure already
you're going to go mountain bike down
that mountain over there okay do you
want to go a canoe ride with me tomorrow
morning yeah okay we'll go in the
morning you me and mom and Jackson that
sound good okay mom and in our next came
up the number-one rule of this is you
don't fall the weather that's in the
canoe or in the water okay careful whoo
you got it good job okay there you go
all right shove them off dad no one's a
little worried
Jackson found a caterpillar and he's
showing all the girls on the dock
whoop of course he would do that Oh
silly that is so cool
yeah oh you're so nice with him too
we're making our way over to dinner and
Calvin yes yeah Calvin we're running and
dancing in the rain go Cal go get your
arms away yeah yeah my boy yeah let's go
I love his little skip run saying
dancing in the rain okay so I'm looking
at the family photo that we just took ok
there's nearly 60 people 61 people in
this photo and only one person has their
eyes closed I'll give you one guess who
that is
i'ma great nope it is you my master in
new yard I think it's a new yard but I
don't know I
I got a right okay
we're all here playing a family game and
we are going to do a cute fuzzy things
grandma which grandma's right there look
like a grandma we're doing Q&A of the
family right now we're going to round
over fake memories of our mom and dad
use this gold one would obviously still
dress up and you have all the beautiful
necklace and earrings that she'd always
and kiss my pinions and hold it for me
because her kiss while she was gone and
I Oh however she always know the middle
developing another sword arm and I am
going to write up all right I always do
as normal in the
it was just always fun to go out there
in my pajamas and watch your work in
your shower door I never put blood but I
always came up his ideas but I want to
make this I wanted to make the Avenue
and I had I wanted to make a puppet show
and she loved everything inside of the
shell and Holly was like that then
Jennifer before we were several days
without a mean guy outside I would
charge the ultralight kids and trying to
help Tammy and the core before and
you've never been so glad somebody so
appreciated oh I have a few that I want
to share I remember at our house in
Spokane a long time ago we got this
Macintosh laptop this cream huge giant
Macintosh laptop and it had a microphone
on it so you can record your voice and
grandpa recorded his voice mrs. let's go
fishing and grandma said bless your
heart I mean that's that's grandma
saying blessed not and I know all of our
hearts have been blessed by grandma and
I and I'm so grateful for that I'm also
extremely grateful for grandma for
letting me have the majority of my hip
surgery recoveries at her out and we
spent weeks and weeks and weeks there I
felt like I was home it was nice to be
there and it was enjoyable how could you
forget going to Grandma's house and
making swords in the garage and playing
all through the through the house and
did anyone ever go inside Grandma and
Grandpa's bedroom like like or was that
just like you just didn't go in that I
was tempted to go in a couple times out
of like I don't know what's going to
happen to me if I go in there I know I
definitely went in there yes you're
trying to remove their makeup so those
are some of my favorite memories of
Grandma so we have had a wonderful
evening with family we spent a lot of
time talking with and about grandma
because this is reunion is for her and
this is like soft special duck everyone
is going to bed and so are we thank you
guys so much for watching and we will
see you guys tomorrow
aw look at this new shirt this is so
awesome
links in the description look
