good one in guys it's very beautiful
it's a beautiful Sunday and we're ready
to rock n roll on our road trip okay
we've got oh no it's gonna close on me
ah okay saved it we've got all of our
clothes and stuff in here we've got an a
whole electronics bag I know you're what
like what the heck chard what did you
like is it it's like all of our
electronics cameras drone all of that
good stuff
my laptop guitar ukulele I know it's a
little excessive for just like a short
family reunion the brain size that might
be a good idea and Calvin's little red
one yeah we'll bring those in there but
I want to make sure we have just
everything at our disposal for fun and
activities it's going to be great the
kids are loaded up and we are going to
rock and roll on this road trip baby 4qa
drivin all day driving all day with the
Q&A what are you saying how about that
right good cuny I figured I'd be happy
to drive the first part and I can
moderate the Q&A a Johnny - maybe we
should do rock paper scissors for it
okay winner winner drives okay rock
paper scissors rock paper scissors rock
paper scissors
hi rock paper scissors rock paper
scissors rock paper scissors you guys
haha okay little rearranging and we're
set to go oh there's one more thing one
more thing cannot forget the goodies and
the drinks in here in our cooler that
would have been a disastrous feel
because
you need your snacks on a road trip
probably one of the most important
things mix your luggage is the snacks
while the kids are asleep I think one of
them might be waking up soon Jared I
want to do a Q&A we asked you guys on
Twitter yesterday for your questions I
have a whole bunch of them let's go
started all right the first question is
what is something you want Jackson
Calvin to remember about their childhood
once they get older boom I think I want
them to remember me playing with us
that's all
that's something that I had with my dad
and I felt like it was very special to
me not everyone dad works from home but
mine did
I remember playing baseball with him
outside nearly any time I wanted to do
you know that was read and I liked that
feeling that I had applied that and I
want my kids to have that same feeling
and so I may not always be like that
what I want them to remember this is an
interesting question they could go in
1000 event direction was the biggest
struggle of being parents and my
direction I'm going to take it in
my biggest struggle of being a parent is
finding the balance between everything
else in life between Jared especially of
one-on-one time with Jared you that is
something that we are trying to balance
and figure out that make sense oh yeah
it's like date night we're trying to do
more dates so it's just me and you time
but you also want to have a balance of
playing with a kid come on to discipline
balance there's always that struggle to
find that perfect balance because it's
constantly changing and especially with
age and with children you know
Jacqueline needs a different balance
with Calvin so I think that's hard to
find but I think the answer that I want
to get
I think as parents you're always
wondering like am i doing a good job am
i doing the best that I think is Jackson
R Jackson and Calvin going to be the
best possible versions of themselves
because of my parents
that's something that I always want them
to do with like you know
I want them to be the best version of
themselves this not just made me laugh
will you just do chickens or will you do
other little friend hashtag get a pic
hashtag real Peppa fig for sure we're
doing chicken and for sure in the future
like many years down the road I
definitely wouldn't mind getting some
other little animals associates we ever
got more property that would be fun
tough talk of opinion rule I think go
species and before you fall asleep
there's a question of what is your
favorite being about Kelvin playing the
fish game with them
what else is your favorite thing about
Kelvin fun how do you go about praying
as a couple
there's a good one I mean we always do
breakfast prayers yeah I mean like the
meals first I think we always need to
pray more I think you know that yeah you
want to make more together but before
bed and meals like okay all right yeah
morning and night and then we we
definitely have our individual prayers
especially well on our four millimeter
this week we talked a lot about like how
we were feeling and like what we
shouldn't like individually been praying
about and psyching up really good reason
why you do need to have state or 101
time with your stuff to talk about how
you're feeling what you're wishing what
you're praying for what you're needing
so yes what is the longest you and Jared
have fought for this is a very
interesting question and it there's no
right or wrong way I think too it's just
what you and your spouse need to do to
get over arguments Jared and I from day
one and it's been very good for us
considering this is what we do for a
living and we do not linger fight we
don't hold grudges we do get upset we
have arguments we have there was
agreement Jared I've always been open in
communication and we compromise and when
I say oh I don't think we'll do that and
you really want to I know that okay then
we will or vice-versa
we both are really good to just know not
to take so much or she's not to take so
much and we're really good to just like
work down the middle I've always thought
selflessness was a huge factor in the
of marriage but had to go both ways both
parties have to be selfless
but how did our boxing match last like
we were really angry and like to put on
the glove but in the ring we just kicked
it out was that like what 25 minute no
Jerry and I are not perfect we argue we
fight we have discussion we have
disagreement our feelings get hurt we
state news we don't mean but at the end
of the day we really don't go to bed
fighting and that's what I'm very
grateful for that's very importantly
that's all we can there what is one
thing you hated growing up but now as an
adult you love baked potatoes yeah I
still have a hard time with mashed
potatoes believe it or not I hated
potatoes as a kid like my grandpa oh my
gosh you may be one but you're not
leaving the table until you eat your
and I took a bite quality through I
hated them but going to segments and
becoming an adult I wanted to like baked
potatoes what is the greatest thing
you've done this summer as a family and
it's something that we haven't even
really captured very much maybe on
Instagram stories we have but it's after
we've ended the vlog and the kids have
stayed up late or one of the kids you
should we kind of take turns like if one
kids having a hard time going to bed or
one wakes up we just hang out in our
yard with a grass and play and that's
been a really fun memory what are some
names you might consider for a baby as a
baby but just future babies we totally
love the name though totally this has
tips on discipline and learning for
children and I think more and more
especially to get into YouTube and on
being open and listening to other
people's stories I think that is a
parent you need to definitely feel
what's best for you and your children
but the best thing that's worked for us
on disciplining and learning from
children is communication little
three-year-old they're just three and
they need to see they need to learn and
they need a respect they need a lesson
but their little minds are so little
still you know and so I think is
communicating is a big key
I asked Jackson why I got mad at him I
asked what he did wrong and we talked
through a lot of meat so idea that each
other's of saying that I like like just
one hard but loves harder and that's
something that I always try and do with
our kids is like if I get after them for
doing something I love them like bring
them in and make sure they know that I
love them all the more after the
discipline does that make sense yet what
I mean when you enter I'd have another
baby we'll tell them be moved to another
room in the house or will be stay in the
room he is in on maybe not at first
because the baby will probably be in our
room over the first few months but for
sure that room upstairs
it was it is kind of designed for the
youngest would be really to be in that
room
so eventually Calvin will be with
Jackson or in their own room I think
it'd be really fun if they were in a
room together because I always loved
sharing room so we'll see I don't know
about that but totally picture Jackson
and Calvin sharing a room and then the
baby humming is
yeah what are your favorite TV shows on
Netflix we just got done watching
we just finished master of none which is
really fun really really great it's a
different kind of TV but I really enjoy
of these on starting we like the flash
we love sight we wish sight was coming
back like oh can we talk about the sight
pipe or the movie coming out this
Christmas so I excited for that one show
that we've been watching a lot through
is better call Saul we love Breaking Bad
and better call Saul I think just as
good probably better because it's not as
yeah I like maybe it's cleaner yeah you
know I think so too we have two more
questions and I'm going to save the last
for the kind of the most requested but
this is a very good question how do you
handle hate you guys are always so
positive and strong well thank you we
definitely are not strong all the time
but or you kiddin you see there's no
folder on I'm so soft in all seriousness
you know
you know there's there's always that
like we know what we find that for that
this is something that should happen
with it and it can be difficult to get
many some time you know we expect it so
we can raise ourselves and kind of know
what's coming but sometimes we get
blindsided and sometimes we just have to
take the day and just you know let it
let our emotions play out and we
sometimes we don't feel the big part of
that day because of our feelings are
hurt and we're working on that and
sometimes our kids you can see that and
see that as in like sometimes it can
affect us and we're like so it's hard
because this is our life you know it's
different if it was like oh we did some
like challenge video and people hated it
but when it's like so personal and we're
kind of in those years where we're like
raising our children and it's really
hard sometimes to separate it and you do
its best for you and to not let other
people intern family friends affect how
you're raising your family so sometimes
it can just trigger something in there
we are dealing with delicate emotions
they have a big effect on how do we deal
with it you know sometimes we just have
to take a morning grade or an afternoon
that's usually how we deal with it we
just were just talking to film until
tonight or we'll film in the morning and
not anything it kind of just like
recreated three two we always try to
make sure that we're there for the other
person like sometimes I have a hard time
of comments and sometimes Elliott does
and we're always trying to be there for
each other and I think that's a big part
of it and then the last question it has
been requested a lot that's been a very
hard and you can kind of help answer but
it is talked about how we are doing
after the miscarriage emotionally
mentally how are we doing and you can
play a test time eventually I have not
been very open yet with how I've been
feeling I feel like when we share stuff
online
you have to feel very good about what
you're sharing because you are so
vulnerable and if you're not even the
slightest cited presentation can make
you curl up into a ball and I've done
that a little bit and I totally have had
to cross into a little ball because I
haven't been able to emotionally handle
sharing and right now and I've shared a
little bit and
I'm very sad and I love and adore my
children and I don't take them for
granted and because I have two kids it
doesn't mean I don't want more and I've
just been very sad and blue and I've
been confused and I've been confused
because now I'm in a spot where my
emotions are very raw and I just don't
know if I'm ready to have another baby
right now so we're definitely just
kind of just feeling still and that make
sense
I think the one of the hardest parts to
handle for you mentally is that one
thing that we wanted to do especially
about this was to be more open to
document this more and once we started
doing that I just don't think it was
very well received and I think that's
hard for us Andale yes I agree like I
only said the gratitude that we have for
our two kids like that's I mean you
can't put you can't put a number on that
I mean it's just we have so much
gratitude for what we have already but I
check mean we don't want a bigger fan
yeah and it doesn't mean that you can't
be sad for long yeah I've just been kind
of blue and that's about will help me a
bit
I think is something that Jared might
have learned we've been doing we started
documenting about our struggles and it's
a little harder right now to document it
because of the following that we have
and how vulnerable we're willing to be
right now and we have learned a few
things I think the next time we get
pregnant or have a miscarriage I think
that it's really important that because
right now we're sharing everything odd
that happens anything next time I for my
own like mental health and for us to
really soak it in
whether it's happiness or grieving it
may take us a little bit share because
it was really hard to grieve and then
share it right away and it's just
something that we're still learning of
how we want to film and how we want to
document our life and not a saying that
it's like oh we're not going to be open
it's just just not right away like right
now I'm still trying to figure out my
own emotions so it's hard for me to talk
about the miscarriage is how I'm feeling
because if I don't even know how I'm
feeling right now
I'm trying to just swallow it and figure
out how I'm feeling before I talk about
it too much
and before you know moving on yeah but
what these are two questions we are
absolutely so grateful for the wonderful
following that we have in the viewers is
been so amazing
I haven't message several of you
separately back on Instagram comments
meeting you guys in person like we would
never change what we do ever like is
this is a wonderful thing to have in a
wonderful community and we're just still
learning and trying to figure out our
own emotions it's surprising that we've
done that daily for three years but
every day we're still learning something
new and every day gosh darn it Jared I
don't want to get a blast every day I'm
grateful for the positivity that we did
I know we talked a lot a little bit
about our emotions and how we've been
feeling and how we respond to those
types of things but
the positivity the support that we get
is overwhelming and it's wonderful and
it's amazing and it's because I know a
lot of you guys have gone through a lot
of the same things that we have gone
through and are going totally it
outweighs the negative and we don't
really talk about the negative too much
but because any questions are bringing
up a little bit better always a negative
them we are so so grateful for that
doesn't for our Q&A we are going to get
ready for our little family reunion so
we're gonna let grandma and the blog for
us today
bye guys thanks for watching everybody I
will playing all over the sunset from
Sheridan eyes thumbs up
Oh see you tomorrow bye
