it's going to take me a while to do this
but I think it's for a good cause
good morning guys happy Saturday we are
starting off our Saturday just like
normal Saturdays with a little bit of
cleaning look at you go
Ellie is working on the upstairs and I
am working on the downstairs a little
bit of divide and conquer before we
really go about our day I'm not sure if
you saw the Ellie wearing her camp happy
shirt and I'm wearing my free bear hugs
see there's a bear campfire tent person
a sleeping bag running away free bear
hugs
I'm not sure if this is coincidence or
irony but there's a spider in there
spider-man better spider-man spider-man
pokeballs
I'll go commute boulders like it and
then put your pillows and curl onto this
knock-knock hi could I have some pizza
please oh thank you
Canyon I'll turn bean wife oh yeah
bean bags on the stove by the sink
Yeah right there he's cooking it for you
Jackson Dena yep
put it nice and tasty good well oh you
throw the bean bag yeah
oh I'm silly he's cooking something
special hmm YUM look at that was that
tasty Thank You chef Kelvin now is our
super super super super super salad whoa
that's a lot of supers it must have been
really sour do you ever think that the
Tesla an advertisement looks like an IUD
or does an IUD look like the Tesla logo
because when you said Ellie look I was
like what that's what it look like I'm
glad you're aware so now every time you
think about Nighy DS you'll think about
a Tesla and every time you think about
Tesla you'll think about my easy so
we've made that correlation so no matter
what I'm getting those on
oh wait I you do kind of opposite of
what we look like
see that big tower on the left that is
the salt palace this is where we are
going to be having CVX live and just a
few weeks
August 3rd through since I'm so excited
you guys are becoming we'll have all the
information in the description down
below so you can come buddy
that'd be a fun time oh no I got him
they did on his face hey Jackson look
you see the marshmallow sprinkles that's
the one he's putting in the back for you
oh hi plus you the top got to pick out a
little treat before we go home made a
quick trip good news everyone
that's a Futurama shadow so we just got
done talking with teespring
and due to popular demand we have
actually expanded this a little bit our
merchandise you'll notice that we have
like the penny shirt and the Elian
George shirt logo we have a lot more
shirt in kids toddler and baby sizes
that was one of the things that we got
requested the most when we launched this
campaign this morning was for more kid
shirts so we did just that that's ready
to go so I'll have a link to our merch
in the description check it out for you
and now for your kids too it's going to
take me a while to do this but I think
it's for a good cause
all right how do you entertain a bunch
of kids on a summer night grandma's
backyard girl goth aren't even here to
hold our party poopers and they're
proofing out another party and Jared
sent up the slip and slide Magnum you're
getting dinner ready we are going to
have some fun who's ready to have some
fun guys oh okay Jackson you're up
you're the first one you've got to set
the record straight for everyone else to
follow suit can you do this do you think
you're man enough to do this and do you
think you're woman enough to do this yes
that's what I like to hear you're gonna
win all right well no yeah I didn't say
go wait for my mark okay wait for my
mark on your marks get set
you didn't quite make it all the way
down did ya Oh God we need more water
right over here
Calvin is a little more interested in
Ruby than he is a slide you chase that
dog you chase that dog go go go now pull
your pants up while you're at a young
man mister why don't you want to play in
the water you push up harder
ready feel the rhythm field arrived
everybody that's one way to go down I
guess you're right Ellie this is a good
way to entertain kids on a summer night
like this Yankee went done in first good
job
Calvin's been trying to keep up with
everyone just doesn't have enough
momentum so yeah uh-huh again hey kiddo
yeah you might want me to throw up ha ha
look he throwed his head back oh yeah
nice and relaxed right there put your
hands behind your head relax take a load
off
Talan again Calvin you tell us caliber
yeah give the direction you're the
director of the scene tell him what he
needs to do
thank you guys so much for watching our
vlog Taylor - go ahead and eat some
yummy yummy dinner with family getting
ready for a fun family reunion yeah
we're going to see tons of family this
we drive in Lots tomorrow so our shirts
are up you lot of you guys have
requested some stuff so we've already
made those changes kids shirts penny
shirts from kids to adults can't wait to
get get the rest of them I've quite
enjoyed my I think I aren't very
flattering
this blue is like my favorite color in
the world now I really like it so all of
that information will be listed in the
description down below bye
