that made that something did you just
fart
good I think you did
that's better
good morning guys and happy a Friday yes
two days this week we have brought
babysitters I love the summer I love my
babysitter and I love them combined so
she can watch the kids a lot more spud
we got a babysitter this morning for two
hours in Jordan are gonna go on a little
date and I like to in the mornings
because because sometimes at night I
think sometimes it was stressful on me
as a babysitter
I don't want babysitter's always watch
like so because the better have a late
night you know so I kinda like the mind
so the kids are just playing with my
stencils that my grandma gave me my
little Walser's take the color okay are
you guys going to be good for Jenna are
you going to share and be so nice okay
sounds good where are you going to draw
neck and you know some video about the
letter O I show you John the letter O
can you show you the O is the circle
perfect can you draw it
Ellie and I have just been out here in
the wilderness appreciating the that is
surrounding us and not only that we've
just been sitting here and just talking
it's been wonderful
you've been talking about life the past
seven and a half years of marriage the
future it's just been good to sit down
with each other and it's always nice to
have like a good check-in and then talk
about plans and talk about you know
looking back and looking forward and
looking where you are right you to know
how much I love and appreciate you oh
yeah
I've been talking a little bit about
like vlogging too like there's been a
big part of like our marriage and how
long we've been doing it and the pros
and the cons about it and family and
just like we've been doing this for so
long yet we're still learning and we're
still like figuring out what's good for
us and what's not and I've been really
enjoying vlogging lately because
sometimes we were like oh we should sell
Manutius on this but like lately we've
been just trying to take a mental note
of like we don't need to try and like
always have the camera by us all the
time you know and it's been relaxing and
I've liked what we filmed and I've been
happy with like what we have decided to
film you know like yesterday we have
like a lot of family over and we hung
out and some days we found that some
days we don't and I've just done really
enjoying just not filming feeling like
we have to film all day you know I've I
stopped having a separation of being in
the moment as well as capturing the
moment I think there's a balance in
between there that is very once you find
that it's really so after we've had
these wonderful conversations with each
other we're going to head back down the
mountain and that was it not yell
today is one of those days that I just
don't think you can wipe the smile off
of my face
look at you so focused in your work
Ellie just filmed the video and she's
editing it right now it's about your
what summer makeup routine yeah cool
hey honey get the blade off oh push a
there you go
so today oh my gosh I'm so excited we're
expecting a package today and I cannot
wait to open it and show you guys we
have been undesigning on for weeks
months I'm so excited
yeah this is great yeah oh can you
follow me can you can you put can you
push pause for just a minute I need you
to push pause guess what you're excited
I'm excited I mean people sometimes get
annoyed but it's true it doesn't mean
any less when I say it a lot I think we
can just say we're officially done with
the yard come on Peggy let's go let's go
it's all done whoa look at that
everything is done it is beautiful out
here
what's that yeah I love the smell of
Barney and that is everywhere this mulch
is just if it's thick tonight dark
freitas patio ha ha huh and hopefully
we'll never have to do it again and well
it won't be as like dirty intense yeah
oh man Ellie and I were sitting out here
when we were eating dinner the other
night last night and I was just looking
at this right here
this scene right here it's beautiful and
I am so grateful that we get to grow up
with our kids here our kids get to
experience this we're going to have a
fire pit there we're going to have
friends and family sit around there and
we're going to make wonderful memories
and did you know our backyard is all
done that pretty cool so anyway it's
it's a very exciting day for a couple
reasons
the backyard is done and hopefully this
package is coming that is going to be
very exciting can you show us a killer
jump whoa good jumba okay this guy wants
to go hey that's too high
come down come down a little bit whoa he
is becoming a daredevil
you're becoming a daredevil where is
blue with green Oh where's yellow do you
find the yellow with the green oh this
is green with blue and was red oh not if
you oven this is a game this is roll and
play who else is the game that we got
what is first game he bought for Jackson
and he learned his colors and like after
four or five times playing this okay and
he was too and he did not say all the
colors Calvin's get in there though he
can do he can pick out these three he
just did yellow and green before we pull
out the camera purple okay Jackson you
want to roll on okay rollin and this
game never gets old
yeah that's right top center here where
your ears no that's your eye where your
ears did you hear
there you go now your turn to roll it
what color
Oh No what color is it tell them what
color is that
blue crab the blue card you would tell
heart good job it says I'm coming
find something white white right yeah
yeah lampshade is white hey you go green
green sneakin along it says bark like a
dog
Calvin can you bark like a dog
where's your nose no no wasn't enough
where's my mouth
well we're out for a family bike ride
and just at the end of our street was a
lemonade stand
72 got my son so we went got some
lemonade I only had a $10 bill on me so
we had 2.57 cups of lemonade but it's
like those things when you're a kid make
your day you know that's just like ten
dollars it was just fun it wasn't pretty
sour I thought it was great lemonade but
we're just on a bike ride we're gonna
grab some dinner
I loved it I loved it that made sense
something did you just fart
I think you did oh excuse me that's
better
I like to be on a date to morning and
then s family date night tonight
Jackson with it snowed you want to go
say hi
ghost a nice Club hey blondie blondies
maybe maybe expanding the building
they're figuring out how to get out of
here no one's out there dancing you guys
this is the moment we've all been
waiting for this is our big surprise
are you ready I'm working on unlined
uh-huh oh my gosh okay I'm excited this
is free bear hug
aah free bear huh thank you yes this
one's cute
really cute and sweet I think this is a
unisex this is a woman's shirt a woman's
it's right on the money
mmm just be kind same rules again free
their houses that's for me yeah that's
my shirt the unisex it runs a hair
bigger and then women's it's right on
the money
oh yes I have been waiting for this one
I've been waiting for this one since
last campaign yeah nothing to know oh my
gosh
I love it and the quality's good does it
feel good yeah I don't love that that
feels so nice my last campaign we wanted
the nicer quality shirt and they sent us
not the nice Rapala t-shirt that you
guys got the nitrile quality and it was
kind of different just kind of a mix-up
yeah but this I'm very happy with this
is a new song
Jared be kind but look at the cool logo
look at the stretch that's awesome I
love a very cozy and this is small this
is mine okay so we don't have my
favorite one now which one is your
favorite this is a cute one
so camp happy my favorite one is Mother
Nature Your Mother Nature is calling
your mother nature's calling we have any
of the penny shirt yeah we have a bunch
of designs that are really fun and if a
constant shop so you know how like
forever go we never even sold this shirt
shirt you ever wanted we had made those
something to sell them yes
so they were very exclusive to like CVX
live and if you saw me how in about yeah
and the color yes all of these and more
are available at T spring calm well
actually that's at our store so I'll
have a link to it down below in the
iCard wherever I can put a link I will
put you guys will see all of these
shirts and more different colors
different styles you are going to love
them this is something we've been
working on for a long time and I am so
thrilled
should we put one on yeah I love that
yeah that looks so cute so this is mine
it even has a little enj logo just be
kind that's cute
look at this I wore my cute I love it I
love this that is such a rich blue I
love it this is the unisex one I just
went in size yeah and I've got the free
bear hugs one we wanted to do some like
camping flavored shirt so there's
another one that we both really like too
you have to go to site our teespring
store to check it out I am so thrilled
and so excited so we have the original
Ellie and Jared logo there has been so
many people asking for when that
campaign is coming back it is now here
and then we have our camera logo I'll
show you that one the camera you guys
have seen me wear it tons it's one of my
favorite designs and favorite shirts
like the material is just awesome the
camera logo so it's Ellie and Jared and
we changed it up a little bit so it's a
little easier to see this has been a
long time coming yeah so let us know
what you guys check out the site let us
know what shirt you got in the comments
down below
this is exciting I'm so happy that
Calvin is little stinker he heard us
raving about these shirts and came out
here and was like wanting to play in
everything but Ellie's and they're
getting him back to bed it's my favorite
time but also like honestly but I love
like when he comes out of the door with
this big smile just goofy smile like I
know and that's what we doing well I am
anyway it's so stinkin cute I love good
I'm just out here she went on this bone
it's a delicious bone and it's my bone
my bone no I'd like to chew on my
delicious bone that I like to chew on
it's a delicious bone that I'm chewing
on all by myself because I like to chew
on this delicious bone it's delicious so
mission accomplished we're ready for
that that means it is time for us to end
the vlog and really really quick I just
I'm really excited about this it's
really good we got the premium quality
so very comfy yes these are really nice
digs
that we call anyway no make sure you
check out the link down below who digs
like you hey you got some nice dig you
dig it you dig it I don't know what
that's for holiday it's ensure variety
they saw two guys check out the link in
the description and we will see you guys
tomorrow bye
