you guys want to see a tiny grasshoppers
there right here
good morning guys and happy laundry day
I am trying to see how much laundry I
can get done in the next few hours so I
was watching my friend Julie on
Instagram the other day I think her
username is like so Cannery she was
saying how she finally had a laundry
system that really worked for her so she
has a laundry basket in each room and
then she does one load of laundry every
day so like her room the kids room the
other kid's room and then like the extra
few days that she has she does like
towels and sheets and stuff so she
always does one load a day and I was
like oh that's so interesting that works
for her I actually just took out the
laundry basket in Calvin's room and we
have a laundry basket germanized closet
but then every night like when I get the
kids undressed I put their hand bring
here and then just like when our laundry
basket fills up I bring it in here in
the laundry room and that's worked for
me like having all the laundry in one
spot so it's interesting how some work
well for some others and some work well
for other people but I don't even know
if I have like a system that I really
love I just feel like two days a week
I'm like in the mornings I'm like doing
laundry a lot and then the rest of the
days I'm just like filling up my laundry
basket so if you have a system that
works for you that you really like let
me know but I'm glad that that works for
her and I thought I've never really
tried it that way so I may have to try
it that way sometime to see if I like it
mr. Jared kids penny let's rock let's
rock today I got that off of bond you
bought me do yesterday come on you guys
want to see a ton of grasshoppers
they're right here
Oh Kenny was going crazy looking at all
these grasshoppers oh that's right well
we made it to one of our favorite places
in the whole entire world and here is a
piece of bark right there
and Timmy is eyeing it like crazy and so
I'm thinking maybe she'll summon enough
courage to go and come out to it but she
keeps thinking about it but then changes
her mind oh do you think no yeah well
she found a bigger stick she loves this
place more than anything gather you
having fun Calvin he's been throwing
rocks in the water and Jackson what have
you been doing have you been playing
baseball yeah a little bit Oh go for it
go for it get it get it
so you're so cool like look at this
thing it's much bigger first you gotta
find the toughest one and from sort
Wow that was good
my chair at first you gotta find the
perfect one whoa whoa you're not just
going to throw without kissing it aren't
you
Hank oh you did a backhand not sidearm
like this hmm yeah there you go yeah I
was good at him - oh you ready to go
work okay let's go let's go skip 10
times she beat me I'm peering through
the oven and I'm trying to figure out I
feel like there's some sweet potatoes
some peppers some bell peppers is that
right Wow what what have we got going
today one Southwest chicken that sounds
really great
Karen ordered it all yes we are having
girl fresh today for lunch we have a few
meals from them we're not working with
them today but we have worked with them
in the past and we just really like
their stuff so it's really trying to be
better yeah a lot of people have asked
me better about like eating healthy yeah
how a lot of people after we got this I
got it
John's club yeah we get a lot of those
like little detail detail things at
Sam's focus like what where we never got
a shot like the only place to get stuff
like that either that are like Amazon
looking pretty good then not quite done
gotta wait a little bit more all right
mr. Jackson didn't want to participate
in this video he decided he wanted to
sleep sleep is for the weak and the
tired we have had our chrysler pacifica
for yeah and you believe that it's crazy
we've gone on so many adventures with it
and we've had so much fun in it we
thought it would be great to do another
Q&A about the Pacifica after having it
all the time I asked you guys on Twitter
what questions you have and so here is
the first one what is the best feature
that you guys like in the Pacifica my
favorite feature about this and I think
this goes without even thinking is the
adaptive cruise control
is like game changer to me being able to
accelerate and decelerate without
pushing you know the gas or the brakes
is the coolest thing to me and it's very
safe I can really have never bought it
yeah but Jarrod does like when we drive
from here to 45 minutes way to my mom's
there will be times where it's like he
doesn't even at the car stops on its own
and it starts and I mean you're very
attentive Oh always when I the thing
that's crazy about it is that one time
it saved us from a car accident it
recognized before I could put my foot on
the brake to stop because a car to cut
yeah there's a car that cut us off and
slammed on the brakes where I didn't
have enough time to react so very cool
and safe Bonnie drove the car one time
when you're coming home from Salt Lake
and it did it to her there's a bunch of
cars before she could stop it started
going she's like what's going on like it
stopped man yeah what's your favorite um
totally the vacuum it's kind of like the
camper with the toilet it's like really
I didn't think I would use it that much
because when we had our car just our one
car I didn't ever feel like I needed a
vacuum outlet but the kids have gotten
older by a year and we've also been
traveling more and so I'm constantly
using the vacuum so it's my favorite the
last time I turned on the car I noticed
that we had 25,000 700 miles on hand so
we've we've done a fair share of
traveling in the van in its first year
do you feel a drag when you tow the RV
or the trailer that's something that
surprised me a lot because I felt like
with this minivan towing something I
would feel a ton we've got the tow
package on here and the tow capacity is
3,600 pounds I really don't feel all
that much the only time I've ever been
like I am really really towing something
hard is when we were going uphill to the
when we were going on an RV trip with
hazel and Ava and someone cut in front
of us and was going really slow and I
was like okay we're going uphill I've
got to give it some gas every other time
I've been driving with the trailer
thanks but we hasn't really felt like
I'm pulling a big trailer behind me
you know so it's been really nice what
our Jackson and Calvin's favorite part
about the Pacifica I wish you is the way
so you could tell us well asking when he
wakes up Rick your favorite part of the
van good TV yeah I imagine it's the TV
that's probably their favorite part they
like watching shows on here yeah what is
the most convenient thing that the
Pacifica offers you I think that it's
very simple but it does go a long way
and I'm putting the seats Ganner up I
really do like that I can just push a
button and do it I know other vans and
you can Matt Yelp manually do it in a
very fast and easy even doing that so
like this isn't like too crazy video but
I have noticed I like it and it's
convenient for me yeah I would just say
utility being able to go from seating
seven people in the van to having all of
these seats down within 30 seconds and
like telling them you know hauling stuff
is really nice we go from the seat in
the back to flat all of the time whether
we're bringing penny so just being able
to have that utility versatility I think
there's probably a better word is really
great did you ever think that you would
be minivan people or did you think that
you'd be more suburban people that's
interesting my family has suburban
growing up I think I'm definitely both I
mean I always knew that I have a van
because I love how easy it is yeah we
grew up with a big red van so I always
thought I mean we're all in polite bow I
feel like the space in the van from the
ground to the top is bigger than in a
suburban I don't have to hunch over as
much and getting for the seats is a
little easier in the minivan than it is
the suburban in my opinion totally oh
that's why I like the van better what's
the gas mileage like in the city and the
highway with no camper or extra toe edge
just the family so the ratings they have
are 19 city 28 highway and I find that I
actually get more around 30 when I'm on
the highway 30 between 30 and 32 is what
we get when there's just us for when
we're driving in the city I would say
about 19 is about right sometimes 20 I
like I can see myself break in the 20 a
ver Ajay haven't changed the the
settings on here we've got 20 miles per
gallon that's with towing the trailer
that's with tone
the RV I'm trying to differentiate I
know I have the trailer and our camper
will say camber and trailer so with the
trailer and the camper and going on
trips and everything we average about 20
miles per gallon which i think is great
because when you're pulling that thing
your mileage goes down quite a bit but
definitely on the highway high 20s 30s
low 30s so I would say this gets pretty
dang good gas mileage all things
considering here's a crazy thing the
hybrid version just came out not too
long ago 18 miles per gallon on that
isn't that crazier than me on the
minivan the Chrysler Pacifica hybrids
you can get 80 miles per gallon yeah
Friday time 300 put your job back George
I'm going to do a Q&A again for a really
long time so I thought today would be
kind of perfect because yesterday was
such like a Oh crazy hot tub Oh stick
and it was like you know a fun fun day
and I know Chang's got to get some stuff
done
oh all the goldfish just went everywhere
oh it's a good use than with a vacuum
could a six-foot man sit in the very
back comfortably I'm not 6 feet tall but
I can show you what it looks like this
is me 5 plus 7 sitting here the other
thing that I like is I can tilt this
back get a little bit more comfortable
or even go forward however you like so I
think even if you are 6 feet tall or
taller you'll be comfortable here
because there is quite a bit of legroom
left here and even in the middle seat
you know lots of leg room back here
all-in-all I love the Pacific I'm
grateful we have it it's been a very fun
van to drive and have with all the
safety features the tech features
and ultimately that's what drew me to
the Pacifica was the safety and the tech
because that kind of both of our world
you know and combines them into one
ultimate minivan so the clouds outside
right now look exactly like the cloud
from Hercules you know like where Zeus
and everything lifts they're so majestic
it's amazing look at those
look at those clouds holy crap
isn't that amazing I have no idea what
makes clouds look like that but it's
like my favorite thing in the world her
key Lisa is one of my favorite Disney
movies ever as a kid along with like
Aladdin so that's just kind of like oh
wow look at that
oh my feels anisole just burnin I need
to make sure that it doesn't just say
mama bear and you should says mama bear
and dog like mom you love your your
protective oh yeah so Jared and I got
the kids to bed
and we're using another amazing dinner
we are looking at patio set hopefully
this fall or I even have seen a few
things that are on sale now but I want
to wait until the season is done and
then I'm going to say that's when you
get all the good sales I know
oh so thinking oh I'll do it next year
and then Joel's like don't do it next
year do it at the end of this year when
their own self will see pennies over
there be in the bone she's so sweet I
know
I told Jared I just love mine like come
here and she just follows me around I
love that she just follows us around the
house and it's just like the sweetest
thing and I love it when she sits down
next to me in my office it's like but
it's what you always wanted it is like
it is it's my dream come true how many
conversations did we have in college
about our life and what we wanted but I
think that was the only thing I wanted
that I was like said over and over again
like I want to have a dog I want the dog
to sit next to me in my office you can
have whatever you want but she does
every day
hmm she's my work buddy hey guys how are
you doing today I'm doing just like your
turn this is often an argument in the
vlog but Ellie much house needs me I'm
not dressed and the blogger know how
hard guys I'm sorry I just liked it it's
like we're close ever saying goodnight
to our kids that's how I feel we're
thinking that you are examining Moss
done for the day yeah okay you don't
have to be a part of the outro okay
oh thanks for watching guys hope you
have a wonderful day and we will see you
tomorrow which is our Friday hope you
have a great weekend bye but she kissed
you
