good morning guys how would you like to
go on a morning date with me summer is
the best let's go on a date oh wait
we're already on one Ellie and I are out
for the morning it's early in the
morning come we're on a little date
we've got that one stuff to pick up I
win you lose I'm better you even got a
plate
I got a yummy it's called French kiss
crepes and I got the normal what I
always get the gnudi fruitiest Nutella
and banana cream so yummy we are at the
Creperie and Logan they just moved
places it's like one of my favorite
places to go put a fun little morning
date Ellie and I are out grabbing some
things because we have a really fun day
planned for the kids will night actually
I think it's for the night
so we're grabbing some things or having
some breakfast and
a red dress okay
okay now if everything goes according to
plan I'm going to plug this in and you
should pray to return sex right in here
work this is awesome this is a huge
success for what we are doing tonight
it's the lego movie but not only that
tell me what movie this is Rapunzel
who's that yeah this is movie Tangled
this is cool we're projecting this isn't
that so cool what do you think boys
they're like I don't care so much as
long as it moves women watch the movie
all right guys we're gonna have a really
late night tonight I thought it'd be
really fun to watch a movie in the hot
tub play some games in our backyard so
invited my siblings over and some of
them can make it yay I did tell Jax and
I said we could have a late night if you
want to stay up late you had to take a
nap because that's just like I'm asking
for trouble
like he'll either go to bed is a good
time for hope take a nap instead play
and I'm very proud of him like he
understood what I was saying and like
what he needed to do and I gave him a
drink and a little snack and he went
light to bed so proud of him Jackson was
a party animal like Bonnie can attest to
this he can be so so tired but he will
stay he will play he will party Jackson
loves to be around people Kelvin
he likes to hang out on party too but he
was he will stop playing to eat he will
stop playing to sleep like Calvin is
very like a John function anymore so I'm
sure he'll stay up a little bit later
but he'll probably go to bed at a good
time which is funny because most at
least most toddlers I think yeah it's
just like I don't know
maturity or half-life of two huge the
Chilika most toddlers or at least
Jackson was but it's like I'm too busy
to eat I want to play I'm playing I'm
starting this whole eating thing living
is going to have to wait because I'm
having too much fun planning it is
bedtime but we are starting our party
because everyone took now today we have
to drink
we have pilate's Bonnie made some sloppy
joe the yummy
Bonnie sloppy joes are good we have some
crackers and some sort dip that is our
dinner
that look good just a little too quiet
can you get my homegirl out yes I'll go
get homegirl Google homegirl right Cody
you're the one who want to use a great
shake dogs heads carbo right now how do
you dance oh yeah oh oh yeah he's like
any music
I'm sommore sloppy joes I'm a damn extra
salami yeah that's my sewage I know I
made the offer but I didn't I mean
actually go ahead take a bite like they
go they call I got was bun hey okay I
know you like the bun I like the bun
I'm a bum guy we've got the badminton
court set up and we've got some awesome
people playing let's see it Hey ready
yeah dad Calvin that's called an ace
right there whoo whoo hi Oh get it 9 1 2
3 yeah good job yay hey Calvin can I try
what no you're just hitting the ground
you're not even hitting the shuttlecock
writing it like a horse is not the
proper use of that Kevin ladies and
gentlemen boys and girls this is your
captain speaking
we're cruising at an altitude of 36,000
feet just want to give you guys a
reminder that this is a full flight that
the overhead space is very limited you
guys want to check your bags well it's a
little too late because we're at
cruising altitude I forgot yes this is
the plane just giving you a little
overview about how things run here on
this plane well I'm the captain okay I
do what I need to do to fly the plane
okay we're experiencing some turbulence
here oh no there's a fire
good job fireman Jackson they're all
firemen now this is exactly what I had
in mind when we got this Wow
well we got this swim spa you see that
belly flop having all these Cubs over is
like the greatest thing about having
this tone saw everyone is just swimming
and having fun you guys having fun
oh I accept mr. turtle hey mr. turtle
you you seem a little bit under the
weather on your mark get set
Oh soon as you get that from oh my
goodness the front end went up in the
air that's the major speed the lighting
on this is really great but it's getting
a little darker outside that's when the
party really is going to start these
kids have no idea what's coming fun it's
going to be awesome all right who's
ready to fly the chair can i it's so
light he tired all right guys it's dark
outside that means
Oh grab some glasses look at that fool
lineup
all right everyone back to what you're
doing
movie on can we just say backyard goals
real quick movie
we got a projector out here and we
blasting it on the side of the house and
all the kids are watching a movie in the
hot tub yeah let me get a girl whoa is
this fun is fun hey guys are you having
fun is pretty amazing or you know yeah a
little bit
so we moved out from the hospital now
everyone is drying off having a little
snack okay it's late is very late we'll
see you guys tomorrow
- bye Emily think so char coming over
well and then there were two of us
Jackson did you have such a good time
you like having those glow sticks okay I
think that's where we're going to end
the vlog tonight thank you guys so much
for watching we had so much fun doing
this glow stick hot tub
movie night backyard adventure it was so
much fun you had fun yeah hi mom did you
just get back from dropping them off
yeah did you have fun tonight just going
to sleep yeah wouldn't that be great if
they did that yeah
well it's time we put this kid to bed
Calvin is already asleep went to sleep
like that
good night thanks for watching guys
we'll see you tomorrow
