careful why do you walk around the house
like that are you being a ghost well
guys we are finishing up our work from
last night good morning chairs over
there digging a little bit more Calvin
has been playing in the back these
bushes you put dirt all over your hat
you silly
lots of bass this summer that's for sure
so Ellie and I did the front yard with
the planting of the bushes and shrubs
and all that but we had this awesome
crew helping us with the back yard we've
been working with this landscaping crew
for a long time now we got some pizza
for the guys and I'm just getting
everything set up we've got drinks
already out there and we're gonna have
some fun lunch together I'm so happy
with how everything has turned out my
hands are kind of like going crazy right
now because the front yard was like 90%
rocks except for like the last two the
really big one which I'm so grateful for
the really big bushes that we have in
the front yard though that didn't have
like any rocks and there so it was super
easy to dig but everything else my hands
are like on fire I know it doesn't look
bad but they're they're calloused and I
need that I need some calloused hands
some working hands hey you ready to eat
some pizza uh-huh Ellie is out getting
flowers and Jackson is over at a
friend's house so it is just me and see
money
oh and penny over there she's doing so
good over there Calvin do you like pizza
mmm is it good
mm-hmm you know you have a fork for that
too right just like I don't care give me
brittle
is that good mm-hmm
careful you can look now
peekaboo why do you walk around the
house like that are you being a ghost
hey Calvin who just got home who just
got home he literally just woke up and
he's been asking for you look what you
brought home ha ha did you bring home
cupcakes YUM so we took a little break
from working out in the yard and Ella
got a treat for us and she got a treat
for penny isn't that nice yeah oh you're
so sweet
oh I don't know hi I like a lot going on
that guy yeah I got some flowers to
plant fun where they're doing the drip
system in right now so that we'll be
able to water all shrubs and brushes
that brushes bushes that we just got
them look Oh mom got you at the pet
store holy cow she's exploring it she's
thinking about it what is she thinking
yeah this is pretty nice I think I might
take it over here for a little bit
you'll roll it around am I going to do
with it I don't know there's so many
possibilities I'm a dog I'm a dog
there's so many things I can do with
this I'm going to carry it over here and
so excited look go look at me where my
fear on cog going come on mama squeezes
I could take her out a little bit
it's so hard the baller set yeah so it's
like the best of both worlds you excited
penny that's going high alright boys I
want to tell you guys that when daddy
and I went to California we met Emily
and she works with Walmart and we saw
her at a booth and she was so excited to
see us because she watches our videos
and she has really cool biz and she
asked us if we wanted to bring home one
of the big bowl of things and we said no
that's okay and she sent you boys
something does she thought you might
like but it's for both of you guys okay
do you think you're gonna like that what
did it cost it's a blow-up car for the
hot tub can we get it in it yes we're
gonna get in it right what what what do
we say to our friend
yes thank you so much I'm like I opened
up I was like ha world yes like the boys
love their cars so thank you so so much
for sending it but she's awesome fun to
talk to her boys can't wait to get in a
play
all right racers to your marks are you
ready to race yeah you're ready to race
oh you got it bud that's the best way to
start a race Wow
on your marks get set go
race race is that cool buddy do you like
that yeah penny likes it too oh no we
had a calculator we had a car crash
Jackson you crashed Oh how do you feel
oh good floatie
yeah Calvin has never really liked being
in a floatie because he's wanted to like
be out and swim I think we found the
right one is he going to jump and do it
like he's going to jump into it whoa
what a daredevil okay Calvin it's your
turn to race me you want to crash you
want to crash that's a crazy single you
did it you crashed
you're a crazy person no I do Evel
Knievel
have you seen Alvin where's Calvin
Calvin tell them there you are I found
you
Jackson I'm a little confused with a
belly pop this can you show us
okay last took a bit earlier what's it
gonna be
it's beautiful will you sing me a
goodnight song that's beautiful good job
can you believe our yard is almost done
what do you like most about our backyard
I don't sexual morality ha that's right
I don't know if we've even shown them
Jackson has been picking all of the
rocks from when we were digging out in
the front yard which there are so many
we're going to clean them and wash them
and he's going to make a rock collection
from them I'm excited for you to finish
that that's gonna be a lot of fun yeah
can you say good night to our friends
hey hey can I do our friends getting it
ready boo boo good night friend
mmm Ellie and I got the kids the bed and
usually what I do is when the kids are
asleep and it's a beautiful day I'll
take penny on a walk and going on these
walks is one of my favorite things to do
now especially with how well penny does
on these walks we'll have neighbors
outside and and we'll walk out too and
she'll just sit down and just like let
me talk to the neighbors it's just fun
she's just such a good girl and I love
our dog and it's fun being in a
neighborhood where everyone is so
friendly and welcoming and I remember
going on walks with my two dogs when I
was a kid with my parents and how well
they were behaved not my parents with
dogs my parents are all obviously
well-behaved and I'm talking about the
dogs they were well-behaved I've said
this so many times but I love seeing
things come full circle things happened
when I was a kid and how I'm doing them
now and my kids are experiencing it like
that's that's my favorite thing in the
whole world I love that because the joy
the happiness that I felt as a kid I
feel like my kids are experiencing that
same thing now and I am so grateful my
heart is so full and I have so much
gratitude in my heart for that well yes
it is 9:30 at night and we are out here
finishing up
we have this little patch little who
have a big patch for annual flowers so I
went and picked up a bunch of pink
flowers today Jarrod's helping me dig
the holes and I'm planting them this is
so much easier to use than just a
regular shovel I mean like this backyard
is great this front area is really hard
to dig in the landscapers only have like
two more things and then our yard is
completely done
Thursday it should be all done Thursday
yay I'm so happy with how it turned out
I just loved I have like my every year I
can plant these flowers right here so
cute I have those little things to the
hipaa-compliant
well thank you guys so much for watching
I'll be calling the other night for
those think we are all right you guys
sleep well tonight don't let the bedbugs
bite
okay see you guys tomorrow
