right there down global yeah but fun
I hope they we have that forever and
this is such a cool I want to get a clue
I can put on it so it doesn't ever come
off cool cuz these pieces can tick them
off yeah so cool I like it go okay I
don't want to take too much time for
this but I'm a little concerned about
like the bugs involving YouTube right
now there was a huge glitch this morning
about like accounts views pushing up to
subscription feeds notifications that
sort of thing I was talking to cute
girls hairstyles about it and it seems
to be pretty serious so again just from
yesterday I want to say make sure you're
subscribed and make sure you have the
belt check so you guys get notified as
soon as we have a video because it
doesn't seem like our videos are being
pushed out according to youtube I was
even logged into my personal account
Jared mica and I could not find our
brand new video like 30 minutes after
one out so make sure you have the bail
notification clicked and you're
subscribed and hopefully that should you
know be enough for now to make sure
these videos get pushed to your
subscription feeds check so what are you
thinking your gloves I did mine they are
Jack got them for you yes hi Bryce it
didn't surprise to help us dig or you
can help plant in the dirt so all the
flowers are getting lined up I could not
wait to start planting these look at all
the bushes this is crazy mom and Bonnie
are here somewhere
yeah and our white jeans are you guys
gonna start yeah that looks like a great
spot
thank ya make a big hole so we can plant
those flowers in there he's actually got
a pretty good point that's a pretty good
placement done today right here where
you're right here where your son is
well he's found a big rock oh look at
that rock that's a special rock Jackson
you guys make a good team you know
I was a kid I would help my mom plant
flowers in her garden and it's so crazy
to just think full circle like now we
have kids of our own and we're planting
in our yard
like that's so crazy to me to think that
life has gone this far that I was
Jackson's a planting at our house in
Washington and now Jackson's here with
us plantains and arias say we have about
eight rocks for his college there you go
I mean did you ever do that as a kid
what help plant in the garden and plant
trees yeah that makes it ours it's all
this dirt here but there's something
rock under it so there's lots of rock
right here yeah do you want some help
yep I'm gonna help you now yeah you'll
help me you start digging the next one
kay bud alright we've enlisted the
entire crew now we have our own
landscaping crew getting all the stuff
done hours you guys charge Cody how much
you guys charge per hour they charge per
minute here that's really intense how
long do you think it'll take to finish
all this oh good 20 minutes okay I know
we can
okay we'll put you to the test 20
minutes on the clock ready go
20 minutes later alright it's been about
20 minutes I'm gonna check up on our
crew and see how they're doing
Hey whoa no fighting on the landscaping
crew you guys haven't done anything what
the Cody
you guaranteed 20 minutes and you
haven't done anything
know what you know how to use maybe
that's the issue where's your rock
collection at Cal or you know Jackson I
called you Calvin
yes told miles up to today could not
have been a better day to plant some
plants and flowers is that overcast -
rained a little bit but we're taking a
little break we had some lunch pouring
some water on our cousin's head thanks
for coming guys he's kind of done fun
they've been watching us and the kids
have been playing which is the beginning
and so yet we're breaking out the hot
tub kids are going to get in it's at a
nice cool temperature out feeling
perfect perfect it's like a very very
cool coolest warm bathtub feels great
I'm going to plant these bad boys right
here that was a good work a good workout
my hips are burning like crazy Ellie so
fun guys we did like the whole front
yard so the front yard is pretty much
done look at these three that I planted
the landscapers would come in and bring
some mulch bark put those there
holy cow look how pretty we finally have
plants and greenery we've got this
plenties cute little purple ones right
here but if you look at it from a big
perspective you can see there's so much
more greenery and as they bloom it's
going to cover the rock even more so so
or the like up above the rocks or some
tons of just everywhere you see those
just some green stuff and some screaming
kids like it just looks yes all along
here there's some grass all along here
that's going to grow I get really big I
mean it is just so hot out so I know
you're doing
by honestly when I came back here
instead John's like I'm just going to
walk in and just like lay in the pool so
then I thought I still want to plant
stuff I don't want your sopping wet so
there's still a lot of plants that need
to be planted but this is so fun it's so
fun like we have our yard and we can do
it we want to it that we can get our
hands in the dirt so fun ha 1000 perfect
time she's like I like I like you
well that didn't take long
well I got a little overzealous from
jump in the hot tub before I even showed
you guys welcome what I did today let me
show you right now in the front yard so
we got all of these planted today they
look so good they're going to grow so
big and just fill out this dirt area
really nicely and supposedly this blush
right here is supposed to be huge and
just cover this whole corner right here
and we'll shape it really nice but what
I'm really excited for is actually these
things right here they haven't been
planted yet but these are nice shrubs
and they'll be like they'll grow you
know there's a slant right here but
they'll grow and we'll be able to trim
them just nice and even and that's going
to look really cool at the entrance of
the house I think we did one thing today
but that one thing took all day this is
usually when we end the blog and we've
been outside all day if you can't are
going to be
that is just so stinking adorable yeah
they will they've been working hard and
playing hard
yeah well then made dog too like they
play but they help a little overworked
or tight yeah yeah oh that is just the
most adorable thing I've ever seen today
ever seen today
what a crazy different some greenery and
shrugs hold you oh my god I even done
yet yeah these these are just infant
things like just imagine what it's going
to be like in 5-10 years how great it's
going to look yeah this is going to be
one this is a fun process for jarrod and
I and it's fun that we can document us
and look back on I love it
well little tree that's going to be it
from us thank you guys so much fun comes
the bed snows awesome it was like the
best part of the whole thing I'm
actually going back to the store I pick
up some more flowers for some annual
flowers for the front yeah and that's
like the really like the finishing touch
don't you think excited yeah thank you
guys so much for watching the video if
you enjoyed it be sure to give a big
thumbs up and we will see you guys
tomorrow so find a slide trained fine
fine
don't don't act like you're not excited
okay was here tomorrow bye
