yes I was just wondering how your
investment property is looking how's it
shaping up to look well the merger is
going 9th it'll be the largest merger of
diapers
toys and gummy bears oh that sounds
wonderful see I'm more in the market of
strollers and car seats
it's ashaming to be pretty well because
they've required a lot of changes
good morning and a happy Sunday we have
been playing with RC cars we are doing a
tickle fight with penny are you tickling
her she's bitching to Jarrod's getting
his lesson ready for church I think
Calvin just ran in hand garage need to
go grab him did you hear the
four-wheeler start Oh No
then playing this is bike Calvin mr.
Calvin is obsessed this his bike she
keeps running in the garden we're
getting ready to head it to church but
when we get home were to go see some
family July is always such a fun month
because you're seeing family constantly
at least for us I dare you know heaven
on my E and her dogs that I don't know
like one time Bonnie and Ruby I think
gave me a bowl and said it was Cocoa
Puffs and they made me take a bite and
it was dog food and it was a nasty joke
it wasn't funny that's funny now but it
was a saying the time but it's Olivia's
birthday today it's funny because
yesterday this big old fun party and
everyone's like Wars Olivia her and the
three girls those cousins Olivia
Julian Abby they're like leeches and as
soon as they see each other they run off
we don't even see them so they were on a
little tube with their life jackets like
swimming around and they were on the
beach playing so we really didn't film
that much so we're going to see Olivia
today and we'll say happy birthday but
just for those of you that commented
like folder where was Olivia she's with
her cousin she's too busy to be playing
with the adults but I'll snag her today
and we'll say her oh poor guy didn't
even make it to church before he fell
asleep okay let's go check hey I am I'm
unarmed
what happened is over the thought I am
unharmed don't you be saying to me are
you given love though oh did you feel
bad for attacking me with a sword
mmm-hmm my only weakness oh well this is
a wonderful way to come back um sure
reinforcement Oh Batman oh we see
yourself oh so I've noticed something
that's been happening that I want to
address really quick I've noticed that
YouTube isn't pushing out our videos
like they normally do I think there
might be a glitch or something but I
talked to Carl and ginger in the Johnson
famine they're saying similar things so
I wanted to let you guys know that about
the bail notification right next to the
subscribe button there's a little bell
and what that Bell does is it notifies
you as soon as we push out a video
whether it's on your phone or wherever
your tablet and tells you what we have a
video that is live so you don't miss it
when it comes out I noticed that a few
people today and yesterday said hey I
noticed that your video was live like an
hour ago but I didn't see in my
subscription box until two or three
hours later so do me a favor hit that
Bell notification that will let you know
as soon as our videos are alive so you
guys don't miss them and let me know in
the comments that you did up so we're
almost at my cousin's house in Jared's
leg appears trying on island what would
you say if you can bring three items
with you on the stranded island what
three items would I would bring it nice
I would bring some sort of light
protection like a tent or like a big
blanket to keep warm and I would bring
right right I just like rice rice is
good high will bring a nice sleeping bag
and I think like a first aid to cook a
good night you can machines and you know
Jimmy rigs name right
and at a first I'd say because I'm not
sure I know more about eating things on
a desert island than I do about like
healing and antiseptics and those things
so I feel like I need a first aid kit
for me but one three eight four three
items would you bring on the stranded
Island anything you can think anything
except for like a helicopter to get off
that doesn't get lucky
so every year Ellie's cousin has this
awesome party with her family and with
friends there's this wonderful
BYO and bring your own meat barbecue
like really can you grow your own food
and then later there's a huge firework
show at the college just right over here
you can see it from my backyard her this
is our sixth year doing it I'm excited
how many years I believe in you cascade
you kept the ball good job that's
awesome and we have games it's just so
much fun and it's like honestly I think
I say this a lot but I mean it about
this one one of my favorite parties in
here is Kelvin is that your feet eyes no
no point of someone else and believe it
on them yeah we hear the yeah I'm doing
Pete oh my gosh you're stinky stinky boy
this looks like trouble right over here
oh let's see what they're going to do
Olivia your hair looks so awesome
careful careful
okay now go run them off go run to mom
Olivia go run to mom that's pretty
impressive running up and spinning like
that oh man oh geez oh geez oh geez oh
geez
huggy hold ah my hockey birthday Olivia
yes I was just wondering how your
investment property is looking how's it
shaping up to look well the merger is
the only night it'll be the largest
merger of diapers toys and gummi bears
oh that sounds wonderful see I'm more in
the market of strollers and car seats
it's ashaming to be pretty well because
they've required a lot of changes this
soda terrible yeah it's it's a little
bit flat I think I'm going to go get a
little bit more here in a moment I think
I'm gonna call the waiter over this is
disgusting disgusting I just went back
to the kitchen they know how to cook my
steak now this hotdog is medium well and
I asked for it rare you know I've just
been thinking about this chair over here
seems much more comfortable than at the
table people like a good fashioned cigar
but I just like a nice hot dog a nice
broth in my belly I know exactly what
you mean I take half the bun and then I
go give it to charity literally come
over here come over here and take a seat
I'll tell you how comfortable these are
this is a new product line we're rolling
out oh yeah
portable comfortable chairs I like it
very much
and holder built-in you put your hand in
it all right it's time for a little
water balloon volleyball okay these are
the teams I'm not sure who's over there
and it's you and me oh and Calvin here
we go oh yeah Oh double trouble okay
we've got our balloon ready Ellie okay
six times you gonna catch it okay are
you gonna catch our balloons bud okay
all right whenever you guys are ready
we've got our balloon catcher oh okay
we're ready
Oh God you get it yeah you got it
it did evolve you did it you got it you
rang okay your turn Calvin he's like no
way I saw that
well that's up again yeah well one two
three here we go here we go nice catch
mom you know the fireworks are getting
close when the glow sticks come out are
you trying to put those all on fighting
over the ball whoa let's learn to share
guys okay the fireworks they're going to
be right over there okay you ready okay
you can watch on the trampoline look at
his ankle that's so cute
okay family let's watch the fireworks
yeah look at that how I myself he would
not let us help them good job when you
did it well this is the first it is 30
minutes until midnight and our kids I
feel like they had so much fun with
cousin so hope you guys enjoyed the vlog
today we sure had a great day we have a
very busy but fun week ahead and then a
fun family reunion see you tomorrow
thanks for watching
