no Bonnie and Joel pulled up with his
giant duck and then suddenly I'm feeling
self-conscious about my song I just
don't know if you know don't be
intimidated by others as their own
highs doesn't matter right
well good morning guys no I did not wake
up Brian early and do my makeup I just
went to bed didn't wash my face I was
way too tired last night it's 8 o'clock
and Jackson is still asleep
yay that kid partied so hard last night
he went to medical oven o'clock my kids
don't have late nights very often we are
very schedule oriented we go to bed or
they have a bedtime they usually always
go to bed at that time but the cousins
in town and summer right now it's just
safe I'm going to bed really late we're
at the concert last night
but I love mornings guys I love making
breakfast and I'm trying something
really fun today I love pineapple
upside-down cake and I remember making
it one Sunday growing up consensus is
that bad and I really don't eat it that
much so I'm making pineapple upside-down
pancakes I hope that I really like it
it's really easy this is the parentage
make sure that I just made up got your
pineapple slices and getting ready to
make some sauce I will try and link of
that recipe in the description the other
day when I made that shrimp pasta I
didn't have a recipe to link I had just
seen that ad on Facebook and it was like
going really fast I was just writing it
down I didn't like save it so it was
really easy though so in the video of
the shrimp I just I tell you exactly
what you do it's really really simple so
and you can go back to that it was a few
days ago if you want that but let's get
this on here and see how good they
really are you look good
ok that's what they look like
I forgot the dang cherries you should
have what cherries in there and I forgot
em so I'm browning these up and then I
put the pancake mix over it
they look very yummy hopefully they
taste good tastes like cake that means
it's a really good breakfast huh yeah
and a looser is this does it taste like
cake I'll take it
yeah this breakfast is good morning
sunshine do you like it he doesn't like
the pineapple part of you likes it
Calvin do you like it good
I've loved music on Saturdays shared we
need to get into some classes I really
want to take it as lesson you yeah
Cass Kosciusko for one so the Epson all
right Jared and Pena's job this morning
is to get the lawn mowed they're doing a
fabulous job and my job is to pack up
the car so we have everything ready to
go I didn't do a little Dutch braid
today I did my little braids and keep my
hair out of my way so we have our little
Sun Visor tent that keeps us shade we
have some life jackets and toys our job
is to bring some drinks and guards house
pretty much all we need bond is bring
food to Olivia's birthday and Bonnie was
deciding to go to the local pool or the
reservoir again and whatever she chose
with Ben really somber kind of hoping
that they would want to go to the
reservoir because it just is really fun
it's just not as busy as hectic it's
just I think it's kind of more fun to go
to the lake because I would want to stay
longer no no it's not about the public
pool is like not my favorite favorite
I'm so glad that we're going and the
whole family is coming grandma crab
grandpa coming
George's ride down the hill
knowing the law I was little faster than
he anticipated huh glad he's doing us
what was funny I think he's cute
I think he's cute all right we're
testing out sunscreen today I got this
from my cousin I ordered it when she had
her party it's the it's a sin Ghent
sunscreen Jared's students and sunscreen
we'll see who gets more burnt today I'm
pouring the Neapolitans I want to keep
that consistent so I didn't put like
much here I put a ton here I didn't put
any right here to keep above that look I
heard an attractive look nice hi cousin
we go party so Bonnie and Joel pulled up
with his giant duck and then suddenly
I'm feeling self-conscious about my song
I just don't know if you know don't be
intimidated by others as their own size
doesn't matter right I feel a little bad
that we like told three of the kids no
cause like I'm we're getting on our
sponsors and then we will give it up
don't you feel a little bad but whoa Cat
Valentine
okay you just woke up from a nap so I
think you said what the heck why'd you
put me on this one
you're good Hong Kong so stay there so I
can hold on we've got Kevin he's believe
we're doing perfect we're at the end of
this caboose we got the girl good duck
Kevin in the boat we're going to go for
no ride and then we'll get off careful
Jess that better yeah go forwards on our
changing just got bigger
you got a family chain like we need
we're be a dad hi mama
how do I get out my life mine okay are
you guys
there's Jared he's got dad we got
everyone up there family community
pulling everyone from one end of the
lake to a little corner over here for
everyone to jump off
Oh
the best watermelon there's something
about watermelon and I was just the most
refreshing thing on a hot summer day I
don't have not always thought watermelon
what thing I use I am not using one
that's like described it to eat a ton
mm-hmm I know I know I don't I got
everyone here in LA with the crazy face
right now but we are taking a break from
our jumping off the dock system and
we're all having a little watermelon a
little snack here you were oh my
goodness I'm glad you reserved our spot
thank you so much this is a lot of fun
so who's done the best job dad dad with
a fake out the back look mom wearing
something after that I just might be to
flip on because I jumped the wrong
direction and fell back onto the docks
but with her legs in the air did you get
chatter but I rather important yeah dad
was supposed to be like hey I'll catch
you in case you're fall but that didn't
happen
and this is how you drain your kids
energy before bed so we put the kids to
bed and then we came outside to look at
the yard and look at the trees but every
once in while a kid will sneak out and
said Oh
bonkers it sends an extra time with mom
and dad your turn yeah what did you tell
me about your hobbit hole some people
Press Ganey may have that hole
yeah so back again what Oh put down on
my hot a hole yeah they put sand in the
hobbit hole huh this is our youth band
oh we were thinking of putting like some
soft bark in there okay I like the idea
of sand
sound like a little sandbox now I kind
of love it do you like it with sand
Jackson yeah it's pretty cool yeah yeah
we should get two little little stools
or something a bit more standing pull
that in like some shovels and yeah
there's other kinds of things yeah we
went around but you climbed out the
rocks
yeah yeah you're a good old-fashioned
rock climber humbug we are just admiring
the sunset
I think Utah honestly has some of the
best sunsets in the whole entire world
it's just thinking gorgeous so that is
going to be it from us today guys as we
look at the sunset hit us is beautiful
Wow lighting lighting is great sorry my
hands like a wall of your faces we had
such a fun day hope you guys have a
great weekend I want to remind you guys
that 25% off CVX live tickets down below
for the three-day passes thanks guys
have a wonderful weekend and we will see
you guys tomorrow
jug's and you said penny you're faster
than me
