alright who took their underpants off
and put it on the turtle's head
good morning guys
penny and I just finished an
exhilarating walk this morning and we
thought it was the perfect time for our
walk to come up high and enjoy the
beautiful weather I think we've got some
people over here enjoying themselves -
oh my goodness would you look at that
hope you're having a great day guys
because we're not good morning spending
our morning in the hot tub
I think definitely one way to enter the
hot tub in the morning like this and
that's with us
oh you for sight and that's Rissa is it
safe again and that's with uh hey should
you switch inside and that RZA to Duke's
get it good morning good morning
look how beautiful those trees are Ellie
whoa
we have shade in small areas of our
backyard and planting flowers
yeah Lee
Oh
all right who took their underpants off
and put it on the turtle's head
all right so tom has been willingly
jumping in to town let's do the gay just
so my family and I are going to Austin
to go to a concert tonight
funny how to boost that and as I was
getting ready helping over show you guys
with them what I wearing shake them I
don't do that a whole time that I want
to I've had this shirt in my closet for
a while and I'm pretty sure I got it at
Nordstrom I haven't had a fun
opportunity to wear it yet so I'm
wearing this shirt and then these are
Jared's favorite pants through my
high-waisted pants from really and these
shoes look very uncomfortable and high
but they are not and these are born
sandals and I got these before I got
pregnant with Jackson at Nordstrom's so
I've had those for a long time I don't
wear them often but I'm really fun like
special times I do but I talked about
this makeup a few weeks ago and I have
not worked with this company yet we'll
see but I got this at Ulta and I was
about to toss it out but I'll keep it
around for a little longer and I'll keep
trying and I thought that I did because
I use it all the time if you look right
now my foundation everything's done I
just need to do my mascara and lip you
can see all of those freckles it looks
all like you can see my skin like you
can see some of the imperfections on my
freckles and also my sparkles of summer
it's not coverage I was at the store
espana I was like this is what I've been
using and I was kind of like a tinted
moisturizer and she cycle does it gave a
coverage and like no not really it
honestly just puts a little color on
your skin so it's not like it's going to
cover freckles it's not going to cover
acne but it would cover like some
redness that you have I just put a
little bit on a brush and just usually
like step bolt my foundation by just on
sterling it but this is a medium shade
and I'm not that bat fan so I have mixed
it a little bit with whatever foundation
I have so I just put like a little tiny
foundation on and I squirt a little bit
of this on it
this is the brand pure it's hydro fluid
it's like it says it's a water serum
foundation pretty much just puts a
little color on your skin and it looks
really good so I've been wearing that a
lot lately and these this is what else
I'm wearing on my skin of course my
favorite mascara this is the Bliss
ticket e6 that I always wear this is the
lip that I've been wearing for weeks and
weeks it's first love from lip sense and
this is the Tarte palette that we did
get at playlist live I'm using this
shade to kind of go around my skin I
haven't used some eyeshadow in a long
time I have this little Smashbox
eyeshadow that I'm going to use
everything is good to go my eye brows I
had to sell my eye brows because they're
already done but I have used the Gimme
brow I just tints your eye brows a
little bit when it puts it into shape so
that's what I'm using today I'm excited
to show you guys been like getting ready
I have a haircut appointment as well
that I keep pushing back because our
schedules been really busy and I might
have hurt really cut my hair but them
the days that I get ready I'm like why
it is really so pretty and long but I go
back and forth no I mean I probably
won't because it has I have wanted a
long for so long and it's like a nice
thick and long so I'll probably just see
that we'll see what my appointments not
for another month so I'll probably I
changed my mind by then before we had
the Calvin and before we had Jackson
Ellie worked in a hair salon and
whenever I would come to like pick her
up or anything like that we would go to
this sandwich shop just down the road
and they specialize in grilled cheese
sandwiches and one of my favorite
sandwiches there was this Apple bacon
cheddar sandwich and we have to recreate
part of that we you know part of it it's
this is an apple cheddar sandwich and
it's honestly like one of my favorite
grilled cheese sandwiches like actually
let me rephrase that
we call these melts because there's
something else inside I just went on a
Twitter rant not too long ago about it
this is an Apple cheddar melt because if
it's a grilled cheese sandwich it's just
grilled cheese anyway now that that's
them but one of my favorite lunch items
as grilled cheese sandwiches and putting
like apples and bacon inside of it that
is delicious too you guys have to try it
and let me know alright so Jerry wasn't
feeling very well so fine
the shoes and so I decided are you my
date
it is my date today I'm so excited
Bonnie has a booth here a concert hi
guys and Montana is right at that play
area you know what I think we can let's
eat first and you can go play for a
little bit okay okay just mine
I'm you my dream and yours enjoy your
dad oh you need your own cuz you guys
are sharing huh okay this can be yours
boy that escalated quickly
Ruth Calvin what do you think about that
we are getting pounded with rain right
now
I certainly hope this rain storm doesn't
travel all the way down to our elyes
because that will not be fun at a
concert outside in the pouring down rain
or rather maybe it will be too fun so
much fun oh man your games like storms
oh geez that like instantly happen come
on okay yeah
do you hear that whoo that's crazy
yeah we're getting some thunder here
pretty quick tail would you like to pick
out a book young man which one do you
want to read tonight huh
you want juice okay we'll get some juice
let's pick out a book first good choice
the dog oh yeah that's right okay let's
read it the pokey little puppy for sure
poor little puppy tumbled out of bed one
morning and ran to the breakfast bowl
they counted themselves one two three
four
now whereas the world is that pokey
little puppy they wonder pokey was still
fast asleep
his mother nudged him and said come on
pokey today first mystery cookie yawn
and stretched even on a special day like
Christmas he was still hope
you
no matter their next view okay Tuesday
buh-bye you can make it okay I'll sit on
the bed next to you I'm not really even
sure how to start this but I think just
going at it is the best way I've had
something on my mind for a while now you
know especially the past couple weeks
and I wanted to try and express that on
the camera on the blog you guys know
that at least in the past I used to grab
the camera and I would go on these I
don't know rants and I would just talk
and try and express feelings and they
were mostly positive and motivating and
I did that a lot for myself and a lot
for other people out there especially
during the holidays because I feel like
that's such a important time to feel
good and one of the big reasons why I
love vlogging and why I love doing what
we do is because there's a chance that I
can make someone or a few people feel
happy that's important to me I love to
make other people feel happy and I get
happiness out of making other people
feel happy whether it's Ellie my kids my
family and especially you guys and I
feel like we live in a world where
happiness isn't always at the forefront
of people's minds that it's because it's
difficult to do at least I feel like
it's difficult to do I feel like it's a
little bit easier to point your fingers
and to be mad and to be upset and and to
not give people benefit of the doubt and
that sort of thing I think it's easier
to let the anger and the frustration
come before you and it's a little more
difficult to take yourself out of that
situation and to look at it from a
different perspective I see that in the
world today I see that in in YouTube and
Twitter and Instagram especially
comments I feel like people are looking
for specific things to be upset about
that just
creates a cycle that isn't that good
where we should be at least I feel like
we should be looking for ways to help
list people when we're lifting people we
get listed and we help other people list
up I don't know if that's the best
analogy a rising tide lifts all ships if
you will that's just the way I've lived
my life I've always wanted to make
people happy and it's always something
that I strive to do and I want to keep
doing that and especially in a world
that doesn't value that or doesn't pay
as much attention to that I want to do
it all the more am I try and you know
that's just how we are as people were
not perfect I can't make everyone happy
but I'm going to try and I think that's
one of actually my my biggest downfalls
is that I try to make too many people
happy and I sometimes miss the most
important people but that's another
lesson that I can learn I guess what I'm
saying is I challenge myself and I
challenge you guys to make an extended
effort to be kind to others whether it's
at the grocery store going about your
day whether it's in the comments whether
it's with your family and friends try to
make someone smile try to make someone
laugh try to make someone feel better
because that will make you feel better
too and I know because I feel that as
often as I can I try to make other
people feel happy so that's my challenge
to you guys I always like the quote I'm
going to butcher it but tread carefully
because you don't know the battles that
people are facing and that's something
that I I try to keep in my heart in my
mind on a daily basis and I challenge
you guys
so looks like Ellie and Jackson are so
much fun spending time listening and
dancing to music and being with family
and now everyone is in there and I am
here with you guys saying good night to
enjoy the video be sure to give it a
thumbs up if you're new to this channel
hit that subscribe button and hit that
Bell notification that lets you know
whenever we push out a new video which
is every single day thanks again for
watching guys and we will see you
tomorrow bye
