alright boys could you hand out washy
the house office in would stop one
speech and washing her bunny whoa
good morning guys it was a beautiful day
how are you doing I hope you're having a
great start to your weekend because it's
going to be amazing today's Friday right
I think it's right anyway what starts
Thursday I meant fighting for them LA
Arthur's and that's exactly what this is
tomorrow's crazy yes tomorrow is crazy
but today can be a lot of fun we are
dividing and conquering today Ellie is
one with the girls doing a little girls
day and I'm going to guys doing a little
guys day so we're gonna have some fun we
are trying out a new salon today that we
have never been to and it is very
colorful I'm excited to see how it goes
today look how cute this is
woohoo bath bombs yes this is so cute
Oh excited yeah oh my gosh look at their
wallets Oh what those are so cute yes
and they have this dot toothpaste that
the Internet's going crazy about that
whitening toothpaste so cute you are you
thank you on the phone to me the last
few days I called it as a bunch of
questions and I love that song how fun
are you girls excited I see these two
things these little tree guards as one
thing but I want to see what the kids
even it Batman
hey Batman what is it what do you boys
see those as a sword oh and that's a
doggy well that's a sword and unguarded
jagged sword fighter Batman oh yeah
don't forget to put on your mask you
almost revealed your true identity
oh that's a sharp sword you know what
those are but those are tree guards and
what we're going to do is we're going to
put them around the trunks of the trees
so they get protected from any animals
like a deer or even penny sometimes
because you never know but we're going
to put these on these uh swords right
can I can I borrow these swords for a
minute okay thank you we're gonna some
lemon trees
when I was a kid anything like even a
paper towel tube was a sword anything I
could get my hands on what a fight and
protect myself fur roll those weren't
big enough you know what yeah you know
you're not doing this
yeah or nunchucks if you started
together they are nunchucks
but anything that I could use my
imagination and like defend myself from
my brothers I would use a source so when
I saw these I was like oh these are tree
guards but the kids are probably going
to think they're sore ah Jackson doesn't
need swords because yes disappear
hi you having a good day huh you being a
good girl
he's you're a good girl yes I can be you
dogs always look so silly upside down
they're not too shabby
it actually looks pretty good it looks
well-groomed if I do say so myself I'm
not sure a tree can look well-groomed
but that one sure does good work honey
you were real lifesaver during that I
appreciate your help
hospitality kindness and friendship oh
the kids have had a very long day
hanging out with their cousins so we
brought them home so we could give them
an early bath because they'll still be
as our cousin's later tonight our toes
look cute after a pedicure but I have to
show you a few cute things in our room
when I've been making the bed the last
few days I have not taken this car and
put it away I've just left it because
someone had a car there this morning I
went to take a bath and I notice my
candle in here smashed because the
fidgets spinner shoved in there and
that's not it
I noticed my old eyebrow pencil the lids
they were just right here I was like
croak where's the pencil and I ended up
finding the pencil on the ground but
don't worry they didn't steal it
they borrowed it instead they left a car
in there where's my eyebrow pencil the
floor is not not funny or what I'm so
cute so I see these like all treasures
around the house that are like messes
from the kids and I think it's really
cute I give so funny when I like pull
something out and I see a car in there a
99% of the time is a car that is my kids
favorite toys absolutely they love cars
they love putting on the back they love
the cool racetracks that you can have
with them so they love their cars so I
thought that was really cute today
to see that
that type has got to be my favorite time
of the day not just because it's like
we're getting ready for bed but just the
routine of it I love my back and I feel
like because of like my left like my
morning and night routine I have put it
on to my kids because our like morning
and night routine that usually go pretty
smooth to love to get in the bath maybe
a favorite toy and that's kind of like
my time like using to me is doing that
it's kind of like my bonding time with
the kids if I'm like getting them ready
talking about our day teaching them
something going over something that went
wrong during the day that we can do
better the next day so I personally
really enjoy our nighttime routine
checks and what's your favorite part of
our summer days do you have a favorite
part what is it this car is playing with
cars
your favorite part of the summer days
Calvin what's your favorite part of the
summer days we we playing with your car
too
I have been using three new baby
products on the kids ever since we came
back from our camping trip used to read
such as us but I've been testing it out
to see how much I should license well we
just got back from camping and I just
got my hughster and baby products in the
mail and today I'm actually going to use
the cream I'm going to use them on you
kids tonight getting the kids ready for
bed is probably my favorite part of the
day I have been using it to you baby
wash the lotion and the cream on the
kids and I actually tested on me one
night when we came back from our camping
trip we've been using them ever since
I have really liked that they are
paraben and fragrance free but they are
very gentle and soft on the kids skin
especially wash matter
Thank You stinky feet after they've been
outside on their it really has helped
because you are beat my friend after the
word oh they are not only clean
see often it does help protect their
skin and their skin has been very very
soft which is really extra fun to cuddle
with them
all three of these are perfect for what
we need for our nighttime routine this
is what we've been doing since the kids
are little like their youth to be
cleaning their ears out whipping their
nails putting lotion on them like I've
been doing it since day one so like
they're really used to it so are not
like it's enjoyable because it's not a
fight because we better doing our
routine for so long that's our good yeah
I will have the Easter and baby products
I have been using in the description
below and a huge thank you to use trans
for sponsoring today's video I just got
some more yellowjacket wasp things hung
the first ones didn't work like at all
so I'm hoping these ones so I got a
little different brand this time come my
neighbor said he's got a ton of Oh
crossing my fingers this one works but
Ellie was just telling me she's like
I'll charge you've got to come to the
front yard they brought us another tree
it's not planted yet but it's another
beautiful one so I'm excited to see what
she saw whoa talk about jackpot look at
all these some little shrub and look
this is like a Japanese flower tree or
something like that
where's the where's the boss when I need
her la I need you to tell me what these
are
look how cute that is I think that's fun
and don't you think what is it called
that's not good quickfire hydrogen uh Q
has that that I said that is cute yeah I
was way off on the name close to all
these fun yeah people be really nice
thank you there right there or up here
somewhere somewhere around this general
vicinity yeah that's awesome you excited
I knew I smell something delicious
look at you oh my goodness gracious as
those ribs look delicious to the taste
mm-hmm we've got family in town so dad
has prepared this miraculous feast of
ribs and the cousins are playing are you
guys having fun
whoo you guys are crazy
hey watch oh cool hey don't you kick me
full Jackson that's not nice to do kick
your dad like that it's very rude you
should got to be cool stomach Oh Jackson
what are you going to do after you eat
whether they like it or not
the ribs were so good but we got in the
hand that can I thought we should do an
expectation versus reality assessment
and Parker's picture because there's
always so elegant in the water and we
thought and it was very very
uncomfortable we're in a hammock and
it's like the most awkward thing right
now but we just know that Aspen and
Parker probably have like this most
perfect a jury is saying I'm going to
find rest and I'm going to do side by
side while I'm walking around the
kitchen I had one pop pop into my head
and that one thought was about CVX live
which is happening next month we're
doing a giveaway and I'll have that link
down below make sure you guys don't miss
it and let us know if you're coming to
CVX live let me know in the comments
tweet me Instagram me I want to see you
guys there and I want to know if you
guys are coming it's going to be awesome
well we have been having so much fun
with family eating great food and having
tons of laughs with each other but now
it is time for us to call it a night the
kids have their nightly routine they are
in bed asleep hopefully for the whole
evening crossing our fingers for that
and now it is time for us to close the
vlog thank you guys so much for watching
the video if you enjoyed it please give
it a big thumbs up and if you're new to
this channel hit that subscribe button
as well as the bail notification the
bail notification just lets you know
exactly when we push out a new video
every single day so I hit that Bell
button and we will see you guys tomorrow
on our wonderful weekend and your
wonderful weekend as well see you guys
tomorrow thanks for watching
