yeah buddy whoa we've only got one of
those buddy you can't go breaking in
we are about to get ready for a fun
party we have a bunch of use of coming
over from church they're coming over
we're going to do a little water party
we invite our nieces over because
they're in that age group of everyone so
we're getting everything cleaned up
we're getting some chairs out our friend
from church had this so we're setting
this up for the girls too it is a blow
up slide maybe water does include water
as you do include water that would be
close so we're going to have that then
they can play in that and then we have
to make water balloons and stuff that
they can play on and it just so happens
guys look look this is our first bit of
shade because our tree is planted oh it
feels great we were thinking of over
there and he totally made sense he's
like it's going to get really big you
may not want it like right next to the
rock so it's right here it's going to
get really big this whole area is all
going to be shaded and then years to
come okay I think we're all set up ready
to go let's hit it
boom and there it is what do you think
Ellie I like want to go down the slide
Church and my calling it church is for
the eight-year-olds girls and so those
girls are in achievement days and then
they turn 12 they are in young women and
so instead of just doing like our eight
girls that usually come we're combining
all the age of eight nine ten and eleven
year olds it's supposed to be a lot of
girls here and you know the leaders can
sit we'll have some food here and it's
just kind of like a playdate so of
course Jax make a Venegas play and Jared
have some nieces and challenge so
they're going to come so for doing it
yeah that's not awesome I know like how
fun is that I will look at them doesn't
this look so great so there's a water
attachment to this and the first time I
tried to get it up there I got the
velcro part right up there but then
everything started tipping over like
crazy I'm a little too big for this
right I guess but we need to put the
tube where that velcro straps are is
there working for you begin it
ah is that strong everything I don't
think it's like John wrap we needed to
blow her head this day one of the main
fun things about what we do is we can
look back on this footage my parents
took a huge shot of their old house from
up above before they moved and that's
one photo that's so fun to look back on
my parents planted their trees there so
a teeny tiny I can't wait for our family
to stand in front of the trees how fun
would be to take a picture in front of
the tree as us as a family and then in
five years to see how our family has
grown and how our trees have grown so we
are going to take my little drone my
little spark and we I'm gonna fly it
around around each tree and we need to
remember to put an X on this video so
you can go back and see you don't find
her funny but this drones name messes
your personality you're just a little
spark a little star buyer okay here you
go so tap and then slide across the
center
yeah
you
you
Jerris has always been a camera drone
guy you know associates what we do but I
think ever since DG I came to our house
and films like that little commercial
I've been like oh yeah but this really
was so fine Jer and I had a lot of fun
of box being a little spark so don't
forget to check out that video in the
description below and we'll have a link
to deter own as well it is kind of fun
to pull it out and it not be so massive
and allowed like the other drone we love
our other drums - I mean how can you not
but it's not a toy but it's like small
and cute and quiet like a toy would be
but it's like super powerful like it
goes fast it takes a great picture and
it's really intelligent like all that
stuff that we found out there was Auto
setup
you just have to button in a circle but
isn't that crazy like it's more okay two
hours later
all right that is a wrap on the girls
party hey girls how are you did you have
fun
what was your favorite part the hot tub
did you guys go down the big blowup life
mastery book there you go did you go
down Holly you did it
you didn't go to war is great I know
knock about your disgrace you did I went
on it and guess what happened when I
went on it it fell over
I'm too big for it I knocked it right
over and so then on this side of it when
I was going up you're crazy you're not
so good you didn't go down the slide
halli everyone gets off I went down the
slide high five boom boom
keh keh name that movie ha and that is
how it's done
so we are just doing a little post party
cleanup le how many girls do you think
showed up 20 maybe 30 and I there was
one time where I think nearly all of
them were in the hot tub you know those
pictures where it's like it's the
hottest day of the year and everyone is
at the wave pool that's what it looked
like I'll insert a picture what I'm
talking about but it was crazy whoo now
we're just cleaning up all of the sticky
sticky popsicle yeah buddy
whoa we've only got one of those buddy
you can't go breaking it not until the
last performer what what do you want
Calvin you want a cookie mm-hmm I can't
think of a better way to continue a
party than starting another party isn't
that right Ryan party number two we've
got some pizza and we've got more
cousins to have a hot tub party here you
guys ready to rock and roll
yes what is ready for the party
yeah like a princess don't look at his
bum guy he's not intentional he's just
an accident
Jer and I are checking out the trees for
the first time back here and this tree
is going to be so nice because
eventually we'll have a chicken coop
there and this will shade the chickens
and the people at departments I'm going
to ask them to do next year a custom
little fence they forged roof
here's the tree love so pretty good I
love the swing like that I think of the
future and what that tree is going to
mean to our family this specific one and
then that one down there
ci what one's your favorite well I don't
know if I have a favor yet but I do
we're going to have like a like so we're
gonna have a swing set right here
and so that tree and the swing set like
it's just going to be a part of it and
that tree down there like because
they're going to climb it it's going to
be shade like there's there's going to
be so much that goes into these trees
and just having the footage that we do
today she'll find a lot better
I'm very first day we have these trees
it's like I think it'll be fun to look
back and be like wow these trees were so
tiny and that mustn't sounds cheesy
maybe some people totally but it's fun
it might it probably does sound cheesy
how can trees be so meaningful
meaningful but and they are so fun and
Maulik I've like the start the
foundation of the beginning of our life
here here you know warning the following
clip maybe disgusting andor gross to
some of our viewers proceed with caution
all right Jen let's see if this works
I've never done this before I feel like
my sinuses need to be cleared because of
the jump yeah my dad is worried that
there's a brain-eating ameba
but I guess
this is my home I've never done this
before I'm nervous
bend forward to your comfort level and
tilt your head to the left keeping your
mouth open without holding your breath
apply the sip of the device assembly
against your right
oh yeah Oh your thing can it work yeah
it works I have to do four ounces of the
videos I thought up done yet Oh wowzer
why are you selling this to the forum
every hood hopefully also got it yeah
you yeah I could hear anyway well well I
have to say that was the first time I've
ever done that and I'm not sure if I
will ever do it again
I definitely got clear on one side but
the other side is still pretty congested
so but I do feel a little bit better a
little less pressure and that sort of
thing I don't know we'll see how it goes
tonight but that's where we're going to
end the vlog what a note to end on them
I write we have fun today thank you guys
so much for watching we're going to make
a lot of fun memories and watching those
trees grow it's going to be a lot of fun
I think it's going to be very memorable
so we will see you guys tomorrow
thanks for watching bye
