what are we doing today Jackson well I
can't hear you because your lips are
puckered Achilles going to the lake well
if we're going to the lake I need you to
put on a happy face can you show me your
happy
well good morning guys Calvin decided to
do the three and challenge last night
how many times did you guys woke your
parents up at night and scared the crap
out of them I remember waking my mom up
once and she was like jazz jokes I was
like grabbing my dad I scared her so bad
I didn't mean to I was like mom like
trying to be gentle and but last night I
woke up and I look over and Calvin was
sitting over me
daring at me no face expression just
staring I was like cuz I was like
pushing you technically gentle how did
you get her you rid of him so I locked
the door anyway so Calvin was up really
early this morning so he is down for a
very early nap which is probably a good
thing because we're going to head out
today to the lake remember and we jumped
in the water for clothes on for bringing
the kids with us how are you mr. J are
you good
are we getting ready to go to the lake
oh my cousins uh-huh I'm not keen Bo no
we're not going to get a boat we're just
good play at the water do you think
about that okay good so I have
everything packed up ready to go I
double you see bubbles young we have a
ton of bubbles because I'm getting ready
for a little bun church activities let's
bubble cave I'll go get your swim suit
on but we have to have lifejacket who go
to Lake okay not the ocean what kind of
water do sharks swim in salt water and
who taught you that uncle Joel yeah so
there's no sharks
there's just fun little slimy fishes I
just took penny for a really really
great walk slash run we ran part of it
and we walk part of it and I'm killed I
was good you are so silly aren't you he
is so excited for today he cannot even
wait he wants to give the water shoes on
right now don't you and I said oh yeah
but it's getting to the point where I
don't know who's wearing out who is
penny wearing out me or am i wearing out
penny yeah Esther is like oh this is
good for both of us and honestly get
this Ellie it is what's what Jackson
said to me he's like I was like yes I'm
like okay I need to start running with
penny more and I start working out more
this is official kids do not have any
filters they say what they're thinking
and Jackson thinks that I have a vein in
my tummy so time to get back to the day
I have a like a pull-up bar system like
it's not a cage but like there's
different workouts what I'm going to be
using with p90x3 and like now it's
official I have to get going on it okay
so let's do it
did you hear that hi oh that's quite the
wake-up call huh
I'm sorry Jackson come say sorry Jackson
Hall did you have to get send in the
door yeah free zones of bakker Calvin
that wasn't very nice okay now that
we've done that we're done dealing with
that are we going to have fun today guys
are we going to do something fun what
are we doing today Jackson oh well I
can't hear you because your lips are
puckered I can go into the lake well if
we're going to the lake I need you to
put on a happy face can you show me your
happy day try again try again you tried
that better that's better paint no
sticky McGee oh yeah there you go now
you eat it either double mirtha yeah
that's okey yeah alright guys we are
heading out to the lake and I'm reading
the story almost in tears so it happened
in Panama City Beach where like the
other current had taken a family further
into the ocean and you know people are
starting to drown and people came
together and there were at least 80
people that got in a line
and help save this family get out of the
water and it's crazy because when Bonnie
hardly even vlog don't even think people
understood how crazy it was when my mom
and dad went to Hawaii with Bonnie and
Joel there first right out there all
four of them got stuck the undercurrent
kept pushing them back and they were
having a really really hard time
swimming bad and they said that would be
scariest day of their lives and every
time we talk about it all of us get
cherry ride like it was a very scary
experience so the story made me have
chills up and down my spine but it was
really fun to see a community to come
together and help save us and you may
remember a couple of days ago we we
jumped into this reservoir here with all
of our clothes on almost burnt clothes
on we're back here in the appropriate
attire and with all of this amazing gear
and these amazing people what's up guys
you guys ready to party at the lake
today yeah oh good oh good eyes that is
a swelling gone down on the wallet that
leather still a little fat oh geez
take a bite you are new use under
storage child lightning and thunder and
light do you know how many thousand is
under source room five
what go fishing
I'm not doing it I just might that's my
hand right here that's all
oh darn it
Oh
jumping off the bridge and there is
still snow on the mountain not crazy
whiner fires you saying this is what we
grew up with which is what we love like
the type of trees the lake in the
mountains
I love palm trees and ocean but I love
the mountains and the lake yes feels so
good
it's the perfect temperature like I felt
like his way to come over like breathing
this is not that bad
we're constantly doing a head count so
everyone's one lemon Everest playing
Kelvin is like a water baby
he wants me to leave him alone to share
you're over there playing jacket is this
the
Oh
my little is a bee is speeding Jackson
could use to calls that why that's nice
about me what did you get wet in the
water
Otis grab some water and you held your
breath holy cow Calvin loves you here
everybody's go-to Abby so this right
here is called the big toe big toe
control and I are gonna jump off of it
do it sure sure Alex get couple stuff I
always want my face you're so you're
saying your face so you're saying your
face hurts
Joel my face hurt it's killing me but
killing me you off the contact I think
Oh worse I'm sorry I was trying to like
go like this oh but then I think I put
my hands back and then try to fall out a
swan dive over the last second and fail
he sticks the landing
how'd it look it looks awesome so that's
all that matter I didn't think you were
going at first because you're kind of a
frozen it real slow I was like uh he's
not committing oh he's committed yeah
committed committed
who had one of the lake today oh sorry
sorry father wants to read that magazine
did you have fun at the lake today it
was so much fun huh ah what yeah it's
not a dog let's see that is a dog you're
right Calvin so we have so much fun at
the lake today but I jumped off the
cliff and I did it twice and I must have
done something wrong I don't know I'm
not sure the right way to jump on the
cliff or damage because I was like did
you plug in of and your mom asked the
same thing well I think I hit my nose or
I hit my head or something on the water
because my head is killing me and my
nose is super super tender right now and
this is going to be growth this is going
to be a little too much information but
I'm going for it because I just want to
say it I I went like that and a bunch of
liquid that wasn't like snot just like
went down my throat and I don't know it
wasn't snot and but I don't know if it
was a lot yeah I don't know it just felt
really weird and so my head is killing
me right now but we had tons of fun who
have fun oh we have a night routine that
way you do with the boys nearly every
single night and one of my favorite
parts of that nightly routine is when
we're laying in bed and I asked you what
was your favorite part of the day today
or what did you enjoy today power white
when you wrote on the paddle board that
was pretty fun hard - dad take you on
the paddle board
yeah good I'm glad I like to ask Jackson
these things so he can remember part of
the day and we also
talk about things that we did well and
things that we could improve on and
that's one of my favorite parts of doing
this as like it's father-son bonding
time where we can talk together and and
learn and grow together don't you think
that's fun
yeah can you say good night to our
friends now do your best dance move oh
that's a good one
high-five I'm not sure if you guys we're
aware of this but today is a very very
special day for two different reasons
today is 7-eleven if you guys don't know
what that means it's the day that you go
to the 7-eleven store and you get a
preschooler pee also it's like national
hamburger day national chicken date I
don't know chick-fil-a does free food
today too
now in our town there's a chick-fil-a
and a 7-eleven right next to each other
and talk about planet alignment talk
about the stars are in sync in the line
we are having a solar eclipse coming up
soon this is meant to be anyway we went
to chick-fil-a to get some free stuff
and then we wanted to go over to
7-eleven a Theresa but then they ended
it we were too late so we all I got one
out of two of the most amazing things
that you can get on 7-eleven today but
still fun nonetheless did you guys go to
7-eleven or chick-fil-a today let me
know in the comments down below
welcome home did you have fun I did in a
key scene Instagram story you'll see
exactly what we did and we spent some
girl time with the ladies to some like
nails and body to Sherry's eyebrows we
tinted just a very ends of my eyebrows
up into just the ends of my hair is just
a little darker definitely see some tent
there I think that's only season 10
honey I know it's just helps like when
you're out in the Sun with my eyebrows
that actual hair mm-hmm good yeah well I
mean really okay job to say anything
like James real it was broke you would
only know that
really hurt his face I think I did a
number on my head in my nose like I
never really do this guy's like I think
I need to take like a pain pill and go
to bed like I really think it did a
number on me so it's okay I have fun
yeah thank you guys for watching the
video today if you enjoyed our watery
adventure give it a thumbs up hit that
subscribe button and so you guys know
exactly when our video comes out hit
that little Bell notification and we
will see you tomorrow I forgot like
that's the worst doesn't know all of our
life exactly what they do in our house
we'll see you tomorrow bye
