you want to see what Jackson looks like
when you scared whoa I'm about to make
lunch and this could be the easiest
lunch and I hope that it tastes good
because if it tastes good I'm going to
make it all the time whenever Jared and
I go anywhere we always are ordering a
fish and like seafood but when we're
here at home we never make it but I saw
this easy recipe online the other day it
was shrimp with a bunch of seasoning
after the shrimp Asst coach you put in
diced tomatoes and the cooked spaghetti
noodle so it's like just a shrimp pasta
so I have the shrimp and I have the
onion powder the top Rika the cumin the
oregano and the time and then you also
can put in like some other spices as
well spice here
so that's sitting and I need to cook
that and after that's cooked I'll put
the noodles in the cooked noodles in
with just a can of diced tomatoes
flowset so hopefully it's good oh and
lemon and you squeezed lemon on it so
how they just locked himself in his room
which is a good thing she's supposed to
be changing up anyway so hopefully he'll
fall asleep on hello look how good that
looks
I hope the case is good that looks I'm
learning pressed that works out I found
the recipe just on how sometimes on
Facebook that much recipes come up like
the tasty that's not where I got this
from I remember it was just like an ABS
and it came up that it was like showing
how to make something I was like such of
a bunch of no you eat that for lunch all
right Jared got a phone call I can't
really get his reaction right now but
this is very good the one thing I'm not
going to do next time I couldn't
remember how to say it
cayenne pepper that's what I put in
there as well I added a little too much
of that next time I'm not going to add
that much but other than that this is so
yummy and so easy yay we got something
in the mail and this is I think I know
what it is but it's just really cool
that YouTube even does this you know
they didn't know I have no idea okay
so in December
of 2016 Ellie and I had the huge honor
of hitting 1 million subscribers so
thank you to you guys for helping us
with that and I think last year they
started this but YouTube makes a year
look whoa that's what it is so this and
not everyone gets a year but and once
you when you hit a million subscribers
in that calendar year you'll get a year
bug oh cool haha check it out that's
cool
it's pretty look at I mean that's
awesome whoa I never wanted to hear but
but now I'm really caught that I got
this board this is kind of cool look so
I'm nothing I'm sorry that has all the
names I think so
oh this is the book of stuff right here
whoa that cool head cutter I don't know
which right is right side up oh oh here
we go
so I cry don't know if we wanted to send
this to you hey Ellie and Jared you
started your YouTube adventure on
October 16 2011 that's not when our
first video went up I don't think but
that's how it takes years of effort ago
Wow
whoa who could forget your first video
Jared caught a fish oh you've got to be
kidding me this is so cool things got
real when you and held your silver
button calendar made up to now you've
uploaded 1059 videos that's an average
of 17 videos a month which Belzer
there's a few years where we didn't
upload any video so that's a little
skewed cuz we video upload every day
what this is so cool I had no idea this
is coming this is awesome keep reading
and relieve some of your biggest and
most amazing moments
okay share your win with all those
amazing subscribers who melt help made
it possible write a message snap a pic
and post it on YouTube so these are all
the youtubers who hit a million
subscribers oh it's so fresh whoa look
at this it's very nicely done the
quality like the feel of it that's crazy
oh there we are
how cool isn't it awesome yeah yeah
Thank You YouTube for sending us this
yearbook this means so much to us and
thank you to all of you guys who helped
make this possible this is so cool if
you guys aren't subscribed to our
channel just hit that subscribe button
and hit the bell next to it not just let
me know whenever we make a video which
is representing both guys so thank you
guys I'm gonna charger my cool pretty
often will I want to hang it up my walls
cause it's abusive stuff ambitious
awesome guitars hi pony you down your
lunches huh I'm done eating I'm gonna
come back inside now I want to see the
yearbook they're ready to chew it up
yeah I didn't bring you proof really did
good so I'm here at the pet store today
to pick up a couple things we just got
the van and car cleaned out and
everything and we want to protect this
seat in the car a little bit more so and
then to help penny be a little bit more
protected while we're traveling in the
car and in the van so we got some seat
covers for the car and then a little
smaller portable crate so when we drive
a little bit longer penny will be more
secure and safe inside the van so got
these things that we're going to see how
can you ask them I like that we have a
vacuum that will just like vacuum out
these car seats don't does doesn't a Van
Til grave okay so we want to take the
kids to that water play the reservoir we
were at but each every dog there you
take penny
and go out where she can play water and
we're going to bring it back and then
draw
read more I think cheap-ass sounds good
I think that sounds like a fun plan yeah
sad the frog oh oh
gurbles get a jump alright so good good
catch okay paintings let's go give it a
shot right that's a good girl good girl
okay right in here there it is right
here penny what do you think do you like
it is it nice is it comfy it's a little
bit smaller I know but I think you'll
like it
okay it's a bit smaller because I think
the last one was a little too big I
think this one is much more penny sighs
speaking of penny she is so excited to
be out here look at her she's having
tons of fun already watch every time we
come here she gets a little bit more and
more courageous about getting out in the
water last time we were here she was
starting to like paddle a little bit and
then she turn around come back okay
penny I think today's a day you gonna go
swimming today kay you ready for it
go in the water look go go go go nope
not yet
oh wait we're poor boy boy come on come
on
she's working up the courage guys
whoever you get in that water wow she's
getting deeper
Oh whoo remember how I said we had a lot
of these at our house it's not just our
house if you I don't even know if you
can see there's hundreds of bees look at
all of them Jackson doesn't want us to
leave them there's a lot of these guys
everywhere and I'm Jackson visit his
friends today and my neighbor said they
had a ton of use in their backyards
everyone has a lot of bees right now
especially eyes with moisture you know
we still have mud in the back a little
bit and well I think a lot of people
because it's so hot people are watering
their yards more and that's keeping the
moisture in the dirt in the grass and
the bees recognize that so they're like
hey I'm going to hang out at your place
because this is a party yeah it's it's
been really really bad so hopefully we
can stay away from them none of us will
get stung anymore I believe he's gonna
enjoy the bees going to enjoy us notice
I have my foot are we gonna enjoy our
pool party oh she's going to enjoy
coming over yeah we already have a
little pool party on Wednesday Oh some
of the and I have activity day so a lot
of the girls from church her to come
over and hang out and sit himself
opinion she will enjoy it won't she
she's thinking about it one of these
days she'll make the plunge on and then
some never looked up hell but you do
lovin you but he's doing yeah you're
letting me now you turd you're not good
earlier I'm going to tell on you you
want to see what Jackson looks like when
you scared whoa you know I would never
do that bud I'd never drop you he did
not like that
what do you see but yeah do you remember
all the stickers that we had on those
bananas yeah we're going to go see that
movie now yeah yeah they see the minions
on the poster that's right and now for a
comprehensive movie review of Despicable
Me 3 by Jackson okay it was a crazy
monster and that was a comprehensive
movie review of the stickable me3 by
Jackson hey guys remember that we have a
three day giveaway past four CVX that
we'll have in the description we are
very excited for CVX it definitely is
one of my favorite conventions here in
Utah we can't wait to see all of you
guys again this year I think we're going
to go ahead and say goodnight yes we
have such an fondness and family higher
in the food spam in the family lots of
time in the family with the family that
got awkward her again and dogs so thank
you guys so much for watching don't
forget to hit that subscribe button and
we'll see you tomorrow
sorry time to be subtest 1136 times bye
bye
