whoa you are way high buddy jack snap
real happy cause she doesn't like guys
you guys doctor you're something of the
other and you can do it buddy
good morning happy Sunday
good morning Calvin we are outside Ian
and everyone's trash off frisbees and
she's just digging it and running off oh
you fell I heard that
are you okay wow there's Calvin you can
sense a little sand pit we haven't done
the fire yet but
the baby yoga challenge Calvin what are
you doing you playing in the sand
hey Jackson what did you just tell penny
oh yeah penny was starting to go follow
you and you said no penny just kids go
down the slide
do you like climbing on these rocks yeah
I mind them
awesome yeah I'm gonna do just good job
and daddys good on the slide
yeah okay you're okay
that sounds fun to me hey penny
good morning let me throw it okay I'm
throwing this left-handed so it might
not be good pen well that wasn't too bad
we are back from church and we've got
some great stuff happening right here
we've got a roast going Ellie am I
allowed to open this oh look at that
steam look at those carrots Oh smells so
good I think one of my favorite things
about cooking a roast on Sundays is you
set the roast in the crock-pot before
you go to church or in the morning and
then when you get back from church it's
been cooking and it's smelling up the
whole house and when you get home from
church it smells so stinking good it's
my favorite thing about Sunday dinner
don't you don't you agree agree so
wholeheartedly think Ross I bought that
oh that's okay that's that's totally
fine anyway we've got corn we've got roe
we even have some banana bread so we're
going to have a good Sunday dinner I'm
excited whoa
good jump buddy whoa you are way high
buddy
hmm okay Calvin watch out bud good you
come down a little bit Calvin time you
make me a little nervous
jump whoo it's just like whoa that's a
little too high buddy there you go
that's better
whoop yeah I think that's good wait for
Calvin to get out of the way good job
bud
so after we got home from church Jackson
wanted to go to the bathroom so he went
to the bathroom and Calvin and I were
just kind of standing there making sure
everything went smoothly so I said
Calvin do you want to go sit on the
toilet and go potty anyway mm-hmm and he
started to take his diaper off to go sit
on the toilet I said I'm on the toilet
and as soon as he got on the toilet
he liked gritted his teeth and liked her
and started pushing he didn't go potty
but I think you get had a you know wet
diaper already just like he just
finished going but he knows what to do
and so I think he may start doing that
sooner or later going to the bathroom by
himself on the potty hey are you gonna
start potty training soon yeah whoo he's
getting too big
these kids are growing up too fast no
that's too much that's way too I you're
growing up too fast you can't jump that
high already what's up just natural
happy dog time to time recognized after
years of the other other and you know I
can't remember that I wasn't even paying
attention
oh my gosh yeah well I'm glad he knows
his limits because they're pushing them
he's pushing them as it is all right I
think it's time for a little ice cream
time Jared it's about time we get this
suggest this is the little airplane
screen set that we got so jared put that
together i may or may not have just
picked all those weeds so cut big that
bag is so we are going to get little ice
cream and finish watching you put this
together we also have your
surprise finally being built yeah you
guys excited it was good and it was
actually really cool Cal or Jackson took
the allen wrench and he was putting them
underneath here while I screwed oh cool
skrelp drew been drilled and screwed in
that same time so that was that was fun
having to be a part of it all right
we interrupt this airplane building
experience to bring you some very very
big new that I hope you're seated
because your socks are about to be
knocked off the summer is an amazing
time of year because there are so many
things going on like YouTube conventions
and my favorite one is coming up next
month
CVX live is happening August 3rd through
5th in Salt Lake City Utah at the Salt
Palace it's going to be awesome we have
some amazing creators coming like alien
shared like us like Sean Doritos
Brooklyn and Bailey Collins key Sadie
Robertson from the duck dynasty clan is
coming a sanam Parker Cullen and Katie
jerry-rigged like all of our friends all
of these awesome creators are going to
be there CVX live in Salt Lake City
August 3rd through 5th CVX live is very
special to me because we have so many
things going on one of my favorite
things that we do is what they call a
super fan experience and what that is is
Ellie and I and the kids will get
together in a room with like 100 of you
guys and we will just sit and talk each
and every one of you guys it's like a
meet-up but on steroids but we'll also
do a meet-up and we also have this
awesome stage performance and nearly all
of the creators there are going to be
doing something similar to that it's
really cool and I can't wait for it now
for some even cooler news that goes
along with that we are doing a contest
we are going to be giving away two three
day tickets for you guys so I'll have a
link in the description down below to
enter that there's a few different ways
to enter but again it's for two tickets
for all three days there now the
your fan that we're doing is on the 4th
right in the middle so you won't miss it
if you're going to be doing that
guys I'll have a link to it down below
for the giveaway all the links of CVX
live down below as well this giveaway
starts right now and goes until the 14th
at midnight Mountain Standard time also
we have a 25% off discount code for a
three-day pass if you Ellie and Jared as
a coupon code at the checkout you'll get
25% off and that ends on the 21st of
this month check it out guys
like I said it's probably my favorite
convention and I can't wait for it it's
going to be great this year it's bigger
and better every single year you're
going to love it let me know in the
comments down below if you guys are
interested in coming or if you know for
sure you're coming and who you are
excited to see I would love to see you
guys there please let me know if you
will now back to our regular scheduled
airplane building all right so here's
the deal the instructions say use three
people to build this and I did this all
by myself well I take it back I had a
little help from Jackson but it is
finally done yeah because it was like a
30 and they're like they're getting
tired so we put them to bed
oh isn't that cool and then here when
the grass is like even more solid we'll
put up like on the ground yeah it's
still pretty you can have seven people
on there isn't that cool so there's a
pilot's chair there's a back seat
there's a teeter-totter here a
teeter-totter there and then I'm real
seat there yeah not only that like our
cousins
neighborhood kids Kenny will probably
hop on a couple times and take a trip to
somewhere I don't know she might go to
Hawaii Ellie she might fly to Hawaii on
this airplane what do you think penny is
this good I think she approves guys that
is going to be it from us on this
wonderful weekend it has been so much
fun hanging out with friends and with
family and our kids building that fun
airplane that was really cool I can't
wait to see their reactions to it
tomorrow we weren't able to finish it
with them while they are awake so
tomorrow is going to be a fun day so
thank you guys again for watching Oh be
sure to check the description for all
the links that I left down below
because it's going to be awesome if you
guys want some free tickets to see dx-5
or get it discount again in the
description down below we'll see you
guys tomorrow bye
