okay we're eating some sandwiches
getting ready to head back to down sent
a little intense and all my favorite
date I can't believe we're doing this
well good morning guys I hope you have
been having a good weekend we just made
another a bunch of banana bread so I've
got big love and baby loaf but this time
we get to eat it and keep it last time
we made something gave it to our friends
but we are eating some banana bread when
I woke up from boating this morning but
my neck is so sore from holding on to
the tubes I also felt so good because I
feel like I slept so deep it's Saturday
we have some fun things that we're doing
the up some yard work that we need to do
jog them over the yard we need to go
grocery shopping and then a date tonight
so excited alright while Jarrod's mowing
the lawn and covers taking a nap you are
going to help me
what are you helping me by rocks rocks
yep we are putting rocks in my noodle
planters that I got for the front door
we're going to plant some flowers and
you've been out working huh you're so
dirty you know wipe you up how are you
feeling your face looks much better
friend to be huh are you watching
everyone
put it in there perfect do a few more
fuller okay all right guys how many of
you hate folding up hoses or putting
them in a little wheel because they are
so hard to bend in manipulate I like
sweating haha so I got two buckets one
for the front one for the back we have
three hoses one for like an extender but
the rest weren't for front and one for
back and I've been rolling up the hose
in the back and it wasn't too bad and I
started rolling the one up front which
is that there was a beast it wouldn't
manipulate all it wouldn't fold like a
Nebraska be so I'll pick you when you're
buying hoses for your house I love this
one because it's so bendy and it just
works that one's really hard to like put
away it's those things like really
aren't a big deal but they really help a
lot like
when you're putting stuff away so be
picky when you're buying hoses my
flowers are done Jackson helped me
anything that they are so pretty
each have a little flower and I love
these little long things we're going to
get really long and we'll grow down so
cute very happy with how they turned out
the Saturday has been so much fun I woke
up early and took a penny on a good walk
and we have a good time together and
then I went over to my parents house you
know they've been cleaning out their
garage and organizing it and I've been
helping them a lot with that and we
finished up the garage finally so that
is ready to go and then I was able to
mow the lawn and do all of that and it
just feels so good to get your hands
dirty and get your yard taken care of at
least it does for me especially with a
brand new yard I love mowing the lawn
and like having that as my thing to take
care of and do a good job but that is
done I got all showered and clean and
now I am working on another video for my
channel and this is it right here it's
going to be live but Ellie and I worked
on something together she surprised me
and we are doing this video together so
you'll have to check it out by the time
these videos I'm sure the video on my
channel a lot so if you guys aren't
subscribed to my channel I'll have
little in the iCard and then in the
description down below to check out the
video okay I want you to go so fast
Jackson say can you do that for me yeah
on your mark get set go
gotcha oh did you not want me to slow
you down at the end okay let's try again
we'll go superfast this time I didn't
know you were ready for turbo mode are
you going turbo on us that was a good
one buddy okay fall off okay right on
your belly like you said okay he's so
demanding with his fun I'm going to go
down really fast but don't catch me at
the end okay ah got it I got it kind of
ha ha penny love to catch a ball she
loves to process Rohit and her to get it
the retrieving part not so much she
doesn't like to bring it back to us and
throw it again so he has to like do
something grab another toy or something
for her to get she loves a good round a
talked about so much bring back
there's no stick I'm smarter ready oh no
we're too cool we're cool that's a good
girl
penny wait good cool that is a good girl
penny
check this out daddy you know me pull
this off charge it this is unlike really
fun to have by the way for the two kids
I wonder if there's a statistic that
says kids that have those bring up with
the better drivers because Jackson
literally goes up and down the road just
friend's house what what what's the
secret on them did you know that was
there yes because Batman and I are
pretty tight
that is really cool you guys could put
your lunch in there should we do that
next time
the lunches Megan just been dumped yeah
let's see it
I want to oh okay it's been jumped right
onto the ground so every time Jackson
does anything it's the challenge what do
you want to be when you doing jelly bean
challenge everything the challenge whoo
hey mr. C a might see a that was a good
trick Calvin whoa
so do you see what Jackson's wearing is
that orange sleeveless shirt seeing him
wear that sparked a memory of mine
probably the earliest one of the
earliest members of my childhood I think
I was about Jackson's age probably maybe
a little bit younger but I was about his
size and I remember being at my grandma
and grandpa's house here and you saw on
their front porch and I was wearing
almost the identical shirt of that and
we were taking a family picture and I
remember my brothers like Matt and Nate
and maybe even Ryan were wearing BYU
jerseys like the mesh old school like
measures these I had the big balls in
them and everything but I remember that
day and I remember like playing at my
grandma's house and having so much fun
in the yard and working in the yard even
at Jacksons age
three maybe four years old it's just so
crazy how something like that can just
bring back so many memories that quick I
told your mom this Saturday
I was I was Jackson's age because we was
out of our old house way but before I
turned five
I was Jackson's age and my mom wore a
yellow shirt and I loved it yeah
beautiful I always remember her yellow
shirt and in our old house I hung over
her and I remember whispering in her ear
I want to stay this young forever I
can't want to grow up and I was his age
doesn't I said that and I remember
nothing I don't know if she remembers
I've mentioned a few times growing up
but I remember that moment it was warm
outside she was sitting on the grass and
a yellow shirt is a little girl my head
I knew I wanted to freeze and type not
weird
no it's fun that's cool yeah it's just
funny what brings back memories
it's fun to see our kids go through the
same things that we did and how that
brings back memories stuff you don't
want your kids to experience everything
you bought experience and more so my dad
always said I wanted you guys to have
like the life I had sitting them better
about the voice formulas on the trailer
not just show our see because dad could
be very disappointed we're wearing socks
and tennis shoes yes that's what we're
wearing dad none better helmets we're
good
well the Thunder is going crazy the rain
was pouring the rain it's coming there's
no there's no this is this is more of a
intense for billing right I've been on
in a long time okay we're eating some
sandwiches getting ready to head back
down sent a little intense and all my
favorite date but it's fun I was
actually thinking on the way here I'm
glad that we did this because it
reminded me of a few things that you
need to have in your in the back you
think you need to have like a mini like
wool blanket you know I talked about the
roll up you need to unlike that oh you
got an axe you need some matches just in
case because I kept thinking well just
something were to happen and we were
like stuck here for a while you know
you'd want to make sure you have some
things in there oh we have a diaper
that's good because you know me I like
to you know to wherever I go we're
getting a little
I agree I got a sir I've got two
survival kits I got this one here and
we've got a little kindling here and a
little snow marker so we're going to see
if this'll I'm shaking we're gonna die
Bonnie and I proved it acting like we're
in the middle of nowhere
and it's been five weeks since our last
drop of water yeah it had a nice
refreshing subway meowing yes sir so I
should hold off till 2:00 a.m. to the
sandy bar just kidding all you to no
ration everything no Shaw is bad over
making out it's just what we all thought
I wants us to work like I don't want to
use the matches because I want this to
work we have a fire
alright slowly but surely before fire we
just make gonna make a stay oh I think
it's catching on
well we're out here in the wilderness
enjoying company and the fire yeah it's
been a lot of fun but this is we're
gonna say goodbye hope you guys have a
wonderful weekend and we will see you
guys tomorrow
I see one get your tissue one by the
fire shall we alright
oh look how beautiful you guys look okay
our day is much much better
that's cute cheese push you shoot down
we'll all jump in you really in Japan I
don't know I think we should jump in
because why not why wouldn't you because
we're in close
I guess now I can't believe you're doing
this I don't want to pee in a safety
well worst date night turned into best
date night I turn into great day there
you go that was also all I'm glad we did
that I was hesitant at first but I'm
glad I think now you're officially sank
at night the four-wheeling trip was a
lot of fun but the ride was really
really bumpy especially for the girls
when you're driving the four-wheeler you
have a really good idea of what the
four-wheeler is going to do when you hit
rocks but when you're writing on the
back you kind of have no idea what's
going to happen so they were being
thrown around we were on a really really
technical and steep part and it just
wasn't very fun and that's why we said
the first part of the date night wasn't
that great it was still a lot of fun but
I don't think the girls had a great time
like we did because we were driving in
the info control but the end part of the
day was hilarious it was so much fun
spontaneous I felt bad because I was
just like I don't really want to do this
but once I jumped in it was awesome I'm
looking back in the Lego thing and it
says so like oh that's the face I make a
knight there Thanks link thanks again
Lego for building that anyway thanks
guys so much for watching the video have
a wonderful weekend and we will see you
guys tomorrow bye
