change the music beautiful
good morning guys happy Thursday I hope
you are having an awesome day today like
I said yesterday we are getting back at
it with the cleaning I am cleaning my
office as always I need to just pick it
up as I go that is one of the things I
struggle with most I think it's just
picking up as I go because that just
makes things a lot you do you don't have
to do a big project at once you just do
lots of little tiny projects as you go
and Ellie is out here in the garage
spraying off the floor whoa you've done
like this squares this row of squares
right here and then look how dirty Helen
looks that's like how the whole garage
was nice looks good
for the longest time I have had this a
beautiful blue guitar tell us nazzer
Telecaster guitar up on my wall because
my electric guitar that I got for
Christmas two years ago has been at my
dad's house because we've been playing
guitar there I think it is finally time
to retire this guitar and put that
guitar on the wall in its place so I
have better access to the line here at
the house so guitar you're coming off
the wall here we go there we go all
right we're going to put you away for
safe storage there you go oh it's too
long for the case Oh No
I guess the Telecaster is just a little
bit longer than the Stratocaster oh
that's so funny I guess I'll have to
figure out a different way I've got
another case for this but this is just
like a nice hard case but I'm going to
keep it in I'll figure it out we'll put
this guy up there tada
I think if it's really nicely up there
and looks pretty good so while Ellie and
the boys were in the front yard Jackson
had I think this is the very first one
or maybe second one he had a beasting
right on his nose which is confuse all
the B's in our backyard it didn't to be
in the secondary here you are buddy how
you feeling he's in denial of it at
school I know I don't know you tell me
what do you guys think is this little ah
okay I'm sorry I'm sorry justice yeah we
have some benadryl but I am actually
really proud of Jackson he all things
considered he's been handling this like
really really well did he cry outside
yeah just a little bit yeah but by the
time you guys can it just touched him oh
yeah right right right it just touched
him it didn't sting actually the singers
not even in now I looked at it but he's
been handling it really well he didn't
cry when he was inside he's just kind of
been like there's not steak left alone
yeah just like I'm gonna watch a show so
should we give you some medicine
do you like bubble gum oh yeah you had
to think about that for a second I was
kind of find them had any civil gums
Nana a shower this is sour
do you like sour bubblegum yeah that's
pretty good huh hey but I wanna do now
you watch the show mmm I know I've got
your little friend ma I'll go back to
work you know what I think we're gonna
go to Grandma's house and we're going to
help her in her garage today do you
wanna watch a show at Grandma's house on
her day if you have fruit snacks you
want okay let's watch a little shown and
we go to Grandma's we can get I'm going
to get your little sack I'm going to put
a few snacks in it for you what yeah for
for what do you think whoa
Hulk smash whoa are you angry at the
bench is that your hands or your face
just looking a little bit better I think
it's helping Emily
one of my absolute favorite things about
the Pacifica is how fast I can go from
seeking seven people to laying this
whole thing flat let me show you
demonstration here we go
and we're done
just like that so to the car seats out
obviously beforehand this is a full back
of the van completely flat
I'm taking my parents to the store where
we're going to pick up a couple shelving
units so they can put in a garage and
we're going to help them organize that
say okay that's remember this is your
back not with your legs okay I don't
want any mistakes like last time I've
got it good
all right we've got some heavy lifting
ahead of us
one two three four boxes let's do it
okay so we've got a lot done today let
me show you here we built this shelf
right here
I like these shelves because they're
quick to install and they hold a ton of
weight and then we've been building this
workbench and got all the heavy lifting
done with this flipped it up on its side
to have it done now it's just got the
doors and drawers is all that's left
but unfortunately this is where I should
say goodbye I have to go back to my
house that's right
you've got a golfing game mom don't tell
them that this is I don't make me look
bad I'm leaving work to go golfing
jeepers we don't care you can't just so
much don't worry about it I mean you put
it like that so often okay I love you
guys thanks for letting me help you
thank you so much for your welcome we'll
see you guys later okay
hug goodbye do I have something my teeth
okay we're eating some ice cream
sandwiches Jackson has been sleeping all
afternoon
he doesn't seem bugged by his bite on
his nose from the bee but we gave him
some benadryl and that helped him a lot
and he willingly took a nap like I was
like you were acting sick hair as I've
laid down and so you made um chicken out
so I finished up my cleaning today I
don't know where to look them I'm on my
phone but we're eating an Ice Cream
Sandwich and it feels so unbelievably
good to get so much work done the whole
garage is sprayed out the whole driveway
is sprayed and the house is clean like
I've just the last two days I've just
taken it really slow and I've just been
cleaning and letting the kids play the
friends and just hanging out so we're
super matching today we're stripe spread
and I'm a little disappointed that you
don't like your ice cream sandwich very
much I'm going to have to eat it these
are the best things in the world so okay
we're going to snack on this I think
daddy's going to be home soon to using
helping grandma organize her garage to
so everyone has been garages
that kid is out and good for him he
needs the rest I just picked on him and
looks like the swelling has gone down a
lot he was saying that he's feeling
quite a bit better or not
whiny and he was before so look at you
mrs. non-stop I know this is all right
no this is perfect
the garage looks amazing I let's look
around the gutter yeah we'll look around
the gutters and see we can find it you
did the garage it is a driveway I was
with mom and dad helping build those
things it's been a very very productive
fun day
uh-huh yeah that's good good Jackson did
you tell uncle Joel that you got in a
big fight today are you Rocky Balboa
today I know I honestly had to make him
stop and stare Amica not like you got
makeup on some look different I think
you did click per second yeah it
actually looks quite a bit better than
it was I'm just glad he's not allergic
you know but my buddy Sean is like
definitely allergic to bees and we went
camping one night and he got stung all
over the place and I swear he looks like
rocky from Rocky for their various or
maybe just like just like beefed up to
bond simple hey I'm glad you're happy
you woke up so happy sometimes kids wake
up from naps and they're like ah and he
woke up today like a lovely angel so
we're happy the boys are gonna go
golfing so Bonnie and I was like I
haven't seen you and I haven't talked to
him forever so we're gonna go hang out
and they're nice shaded backyard
I'll be nice and awesome he'll not good
will be so so nice just like the other
day I said kay we're going over there
you'd be really nice to me share
I will not punish Boston what good I
don't want you to punch Boston so it
would not be very nice because then his
daddy will get yeah but
just kind of doing their senior drinking
water mr. Magoo you guys have been
playing baseball and in an empty pool
Calvin's on a bike Livie embossing on
the sand bodies cleaning up of our food
that were Tian Ming's bond it's good to
see you yeah summers halfway over bonnie
has her plans I have our stuff that
we're doing and we have a few things
scheduled like fun things to do like
tomorrow tomorrow we actually have a big
day on the lake that we planned a few
months ago so I gotta go now
shoes are falling left and right and
then Dario kcal good grief tomorrow is
going to be never hit it and a long time
ago when I was to me sick I never knew
that my lose let's just but I always
done it and it's loose he's going to
lose this too soon when you're older are
you going to lose your teeth yeah one
time I I got my horrible Eddie I felt
like a bone in my garden and then I
can't confirm I don't want to image Lana
keep oh yeah one time you did that her
Wow well when you lose your teeth you
can do that okay it doesn't
change the music to music it was
beautiful we're going to go see
spider-man is that cool it I don't want
to go piano big deal I've got Zach sorry
sorry color le posted an Instagram story
le and I honor our on a little date and
we ran into jerry-rigged everything
that's cool aspects is what a crazy
random happens man that's awesome so I'm
really excited I just got back from
golfing so I kind of feel guilty but two
L's they do the movie is over and the
popcorn is gone you guys have not seen
spider-man the whole time I was like ah
I really like the first round of
spider-man's with Tobey Maguire except
the third one was not great but this is
probably like my favorite spider-man was
so cute like that I don't know what I
was expecting but it wasn't what I was
expecting I thought it was more of like
when you see like the store and I'll be
like yeah like it was more in a way
cannon rounded
yeah I really liked it but that's that
video for the day we are waking up super
super duper early guys tomorrow for a
fun day on the lake lucky tomorrow
thanks for watching my dream is for but
body of children oh gotta be mine
