there it is should we give it a go
good morning guys how is everybody doing
the day after the fourth of July my kids
slept in very very good perfect is that
it 11:00 last night I am just organizing
some stuff how many times did you guys
mean that's like organized the same
thing over and over if you guys finally
got the way I like it
everything is organized how I want it
and I found something that I've been
looking
Jackson and his friends are filling up
water balloons and having a water
balloon fight that's hot outside huh how
are you doing
oh I'll get the popsicles out soon too
okay so what'd you do let me show you
Jax lets you push them in push the flops
in and put them under and it'll fill it
up like that there you go and push that
pot there you go now it's full bring it
up there it's full now run out there and
throw it hey how are you and what are
you doing it's a move to Silva knees
yeah if you want to tell your friends
all about how you place your friends all
day today yeah you're gonna be here a
little bit so many babies I stepped toe
dude dude so this summer has kind of
been interesting because you know we're
in a home now and we are around
neighbors Moore and Jackson he has made
some friends that he hangs out with but
he doesn't like go off on his own and
might go play like he'll go outside and
play with them when we see him out and
about but today was one of the first
days that he's been gone like most of
the morning and afternoon his friends
came over and played for a while and
then he went over I played for a while
so Jackson who is that kind of we know
yeah they got her going take you
seriously cuz there you go so Jackson
what did you think of going to your
friend's house
good were they nice and did you share
with them
I can't hear you're sharing your
Batmobile yeah you roll around them who
give everyone rides into not next oh
well that makes me soft then Jackson
next time I want you to be extra nice to
Lexie okay Jackson will you make sure to
be extra nice to her okay well that's
something I didn't know about Rick a
certain ha ha ha he was hanging out with
Lexie and his other friends so well like
several were honest yeah next time
Jackson we need to make sure that we
share with everyone including Lexie okay
okay and especially mom and dad so I
just asked Jackson's friend if her kids
had fun and if it was good over there
because they were good over here and she
said that's funny they both had a lot of
fun so these are good but usually we
press Jackson like wherever we go you
know I guess is just like what we've
kind of naturally have done as far as
like parenting you know like make sure
be nice to everyone like we go to a park
you know make sure make sure you could
ever make sure you're nice it will not
even just like the friends though we do
that I'll get the grocery store like
we're going to support and I want you to
do the hoper for us but we do want that
like before we go in somewhere yeah so
they know what to expect
haha what we expect yeah and then when
we see them we usually say no how would
that were you shared likely she asked
them the questions you know yeah so he
probably could share a lot better
because they're over I was like ah just
go to their house you're going to want
them to show their toys so you show your
choices and while they're here so I'm
just really lucky I am special sheriffy
like knows if you know like the
different like watching
I didn't tell why he doesn't know that
what yellow line was being honest I gave
her cool free cool oh yeah with the
fourth of July being over today is like
maintenance day that means all of the
festivities are over for now and it is
back to work I've been in my office most
of the morning getting a bunch of things
done and
we have a lot of tile left over from
when we built the house as you guys can
see here this is just a small part of it
my parents have tile in their kitchen
and they're thinking about doing it over
again and so we're going to take all of
our tile over to their place and see if
it's a good fit if we have enough and
measure it and see what we can find out
about that and I think that'll be nice
because we've already paid for it boom
lots of free tile for mom and dad hey
you guys having a fun ice cream social
oh yeah - well I'm Josh
he had his and he's like okay mama
one of you guys are awesome and a while
back sent us this awesome hammock that
we've been using in mom and dad's
backyard for quite some time now mom
showed me that after all the youth has
got there is a gaping chasm hole inside
the hammock if you were to sit in there
you'd fall right through so mom and dad
aren't here right now but we're
surprising them with a new hammock I'm
going to set that up before they get
back so they can relax in here and swing
around and the new hammock but I totally
forgot how to tie a hammock so I've got
to go on YouTube where you busy right
now and figure out how to hang this up
on the tree all right let's give this a
shot oh oh oh okay there it is
I still got to get rid of loose ends but
that's the new hammock should we give it
a go yeah we need a little more space
between the trees my beds now a little
higher let's try this one more time yeah
okay good job so I get it no you just
woke up from a nap I'm very happy I'm
all it's all again no sense onin and
exciting well that was like a happy
family it's okay but we all have days
where we wake up from naps and we're not
very well just let them swing for a
little bit and Noah's risen guys the Sun
has come down look it's dark outside can
you believe that we just got the kids
down for bed
and I think last night obviously the
kids were a play we did the fourth of
July had the fireworks that definitely
showed on the kids today especially
Jackson he was tired all day today I
felt so bad he took a late nap and then
woke up pretty ornery but now they are
asleep they're going to have a full
night's rest and we are enjoying the
beautiful evening it is so warm outside
and these summer nights are like my
favorite thing in the whole entire world
where you come outside it's dark you can
just sit outside and enjoy the warmth
that's not to hot like in the dictation
so I've got my buddy penny hi penny
oh don't me throw that for you Aaron
ready right oh we're gonna play tug of
war huh good girl that's my girl you're
a good dog you know that penny you're my
buddy huh
you know that well guys I've been
working on a little side project well
it's just a video for my channel but I
just finished it it's going to be
uploaded alongside this video that
you're seeing right now I do an unboxing
oh look at that shirt that's an awesome
shirt Jared for something that's pretty
cool so I'm pretty excited about that so
I'll have a link to it down in the
description down below if you guys want
to check it out on my personal channel
I've got like a series plan so I'm
pretty excited for that so be sure to
check it out like Ellie mentioned
earlier we've just been working in the
garage and doing odds-and-ends around
the house today and Ellie has been
specifically working a lot on the garage
and organization here so like all of
these cabinets we've been going through
and like organizing and getting things
taken care of there so I thought I'd
show you some other stuff that we've
been doing this cabinet here used to be
full of like a bunch of different toys
and we just kind of clean those up and
now it's kind of like our camping Beach
stuff that doesn't go into the camping
trailer we've got some extra trailer
stuff that goes up here like extra hoses
and like a smelly stuff and toilet paper
specifically before the trailer and then
we've got all of our helmets whether
they're biking or four-wheeling and then
sleeping bags and those are actually
sleeping bags for the kids that are like
she's like bears and stuff that someone
gave us a long time ago that we use yet
but I think the kids will like us and
last but not least on this one this used
to have all of the tile that we just
took over to my parents house and this
is just extra like paint for a touch-up
on the house whether it's on the inside
of the outside of it doesn't seem like a
lot but it took like all day today to do
all of that and that's just the
beginning see all this dirt on the
ground we've got to get that all sprayed
off so we're going to be doing that
tomorrow penny she sees a moth you see
that oh did she got it no nope Oh
where'd you do it Benny you're crazy
okay let's go come on I'm into this mom
I know dad I'm really into this month
I'm just going to play with it for a
little bit longer please just a little
bit longer dad please I just really want
to play with it you'd bring my brain
right now
I love that playful side that dogs have
they're just like man the most of the
thing is very playful at all but Penny's
alright guys that is going to be it from
us today
we did some organizing and everything in
our house today and tomorrow we're
actually going to help mom and dad do
some more stuff in their garage so it's
going to be another day full of
organization and work but this weekend
we have some very fun stuff planned I'm
really excited about it so stay tuned
for that
have a wonderful day guys hope you enjoy
it and we will see you guys tomorrow
okay bye penny boom thanks for watching
bye
