need me
Hey
Hey
me
me
me
Hey
baby
Hey
Hey
Hey
I was hoping by the end of the summer
that Calvin would pick up the strider
bike and be more comfortable with it and
today yeah he picked it up and he is
totally walking with it
yay Calvin I'm so proud of him hopefully
here in a month I'll be cruising on it
oh happy 4th of July
today is an exciting day I always love
the 4th of July without playing we are
getting ready to go on a little family
bike ride before it gets way too hot
outside or if you know the fireworks
those are reusable water balloons who's
ready for a bike ride you guys ready you
excited
and
look at you go Jackson you're pumpin did
you just learn how to pump happy 4th of
July
yeah
so mommy's got the blue covered and I've
got the red and white cover today so we
are celebrating and being patriotic
today you got the what yes you do
you got your Brown baseball bats huh
that looked like our flag don't they
yeah let's call the first half of this
expectations have a second half reality
this is a big hill huh
are you naked Jackson we're all gasp
yeah can they get home yes we will
he shows are bigger than I thought but
we're gonna do it and just like that
we're back at the action we are at a
parade and what do you see over there
Jackson are those fire trucks yeah
finding a place with shaded a parade is
the hottest commodity of the day today
wouldn't you say at least four we scored
we're at the very beginning of the
parade and we got shade Calvin did you
see a police car a police motorcycle
yeah that was cool
hey show me your shirt show me your
fourth of July shirt you got the Sharks
on there oh don't show me your wedgie
you
The Jacksons very nervously not to go
with them and Calvin's not he just runs
like crazy so I could keep my eye on
anymore
you see candy and you run the Jackson
seemed very timid
he is your son Calvin oh yeah after the
candy no matter what discuss because she
just is so it keeps feel funny sometimes
you know other times you see him like
it's just like not even caring jumping
around and doing front flips on again
like I'm nervous I don't want ya
well we were going to get in a hot tub
but Muse like another bee infestation
look they are just swarming the whole
hot tub you probably can't see but
there's one two three four five six
seven eight nine ten
bees eleven twelve they're just
everywhere I told the kid that they laid
down and took a nap today that they
could stay up really late
um do fireworks Calvin didn't interpret
that very well Jackson I am so
unbelievably proud of you and so what
are you doing you have a towel and you
have a little corner that you're in and
Calvin what are you doing you have a
towel in your own little corner and
would only get your little animal okay
and you're making him nice and safe and
Jared is getting some music on I think
we're all pretty pretty good around here
we're getting ready for some dinner and
a nice little performance
well I think the bees have finally left
once the Sun kind of set over the hot
tub I said yeah you what we can do the
bees went away okay let's see look at
that smile he's so happy
did you see him hold his breath that was
so awesome
that's so great guys so we've got the
family chilling in the hot tub penny are
you going to hop back in the hot tub and
I'm going to be grilling burgers Ellie
Gandhi's bacon and cheese infused
hamburgers that I'm really excited to
grill but first guys how was our visitor
from George Washington was that okay
that was very fun yeah oh good I'm glad
Thanks I didn't I'll I wasn't me I was
George Washington's right I was George
Washington right I know I've been
playing even before electricity is
discovered you know so let me show you
these burgers here real quick because
they look interesting look at that they
have bacon and cheese just in them
pretty crazy huh
good job buddy
it's so good do it one more time jumping
off your breath I'll catch you jump and
here we have our fourth of July bees
yeah look at these burgers we've got
chips we've got grapes a very American
meal if I say so myself that's a good
thing take a bite what do you think mom
burgers good good I'm glad okay let's
dig in guys the food is ready good is it
better than a regular hamburger this boy
I like it yeah they're really really
good hi are you playing well Jared I
think you did a really good job this is
really fun the kids are happy and I just
I always loved the 4th of July on my
favorite holidays it's always hotter
than heck but it's fun
we need air conditioning outside I do
love us when we have gone to Florida I
do love it but I am glad that we live in
a state where it's not humid because
even though it's hot and tolerable and
it's really nice and it's not near as
bad as we thought I do like just took a
Shelly
what does happen no it's good oh no way
Jose this is mine you know what gets me
Oh daddy's but I got some pie
open wide open wide okay you take this
I'll go governor oh no pennies we've got
a few seconds
okay Jackson you got your pop rocks show
me how it's done
yeah firework what was that
where'd you go there are you side by
strawberry fun I know she tell me well
yeah but it's not on earth okay let me
try you I'll tell you
watch this Jackson ready yeah good I
could do throw out a nice bag
he is such as so on
you
so the fun have little paratrooper
inside of it and it's going to launch up
and there's going to be a pair of shoes
that carries this guy down and we've got
to find it with a jacket and then you
can have the soldier that cool hi why
show here he doesn't want you to off
with you yeah he's been kind of scared
to go through good right yeah we have
the whole neighborhood out we were doing
some fireworks and daddy is getting
ready to light jackson's off is that
going whoa
is that box on fire
you got it
what bug Jackson a bit daddy has look
look at this little guy you came out of
the firework is that so cool now you
hold it strong next day ready yeah all
the daddies in the neighborhood are
riding some fireworks off hold up the
kids in the neighborhood or city watch
all right
Wow
hi here's the last one
205 shots let's let it off did you see
that
that's so good I'm glad you liked it bud
he just made it to the end of the
firework show is that justice you know
what I know he's like I need to lay down
good night what a fun first month of
July in our new house
the whole neighborhood got together
everyone hung out partied that was so
much fun with our neighbors in the
neighborhood that was so cool I'm glad
what are those guys happy 4th of July
we're going to put Jackson to bed you in
celeb midnight snack okay see you guys
tomorrow hope you had a fun safe holiday
spy
