how could you possibly be angry and
scowling with an ice cream sandwich in
your hand
nom nom nom okay you can do have this
doses within your mouth that's okay
good morning guys and happy fourth of
July for you because tomorrow is
independence day so happy fourth of July
speaking of that I have something
planned but I'm really really excited
about for the 4th and you guys will see
it tomorrow if everything goes well I'm
really excited kind of nervous but I
think it's going to be pretty epic what
did you got going on sister I woke up
this morning and I made lunch at
breakfast uh-huh so that one should be
like already right at left home so the
kids are taking some nap time quiet time
I just hate chicken pot pie of course a
high dose or sad chicken pot pie pot pie
yeah chicken pot pie chicken pot pie I
guess I just something chicken pot pie
is level is called it felt part of the
night to the drug part I guess it's
private if not like the drug part not
the drug hot but I recall the chicken
pot pie pop I don't know do you ever say
a word in your sight am i questioning
everything that I've learned I don't
know Ben Johnson yeah I'll have a little
bit hi friend you ready to rock and roll
already you'll have to teach me because
I don't know I don't I go I don't know
how to do any of this stuff but we're
preparing for something bigger and
better I can drive a golf cart and rent
clubs that I can do that I can do the
rest is look play by ear all right so
here's the deal I'm a terrible golfer
and I have no idea how good a golfing
Joel is how good not any better not any
better okay so should we make a wager
with this we're doing a nine hole okay
what do you want to do winner does what
you're my buckle hole oh that's not a
bad idea I'm in the hole your box you
get it back okay we'll do that
we're go worst-case scenario I'm out
$9.00 for 450 yeah yeah so we're at the
driving range we're going to hit a buck
of the balls and then we got our tee
time
so we just got the best news ever
we were actually just playing in with
someone but they never checked in so
it's just us two that means we can take
as long as we need which is probably a
little bit longer than most we don't
have to take it as seriously yeah
nervous you're going to have to be like
yes that's my spot no calls Mojo Jojo I
have so mad we didn't get this on film
Joel killed it the on the drive I think
it's a par 5 and you got up to the green
in two shots show that that was amazing
and then I got on the green 25 is Luke
25 feet away yeah and nailed it like
first putt
boom like oh I'm so I'm so upset we
didn't get on film gosh dang it they
wouldn't believe it even if it was no
that's true yeah haters will think it's
Photoshop but we're on hole two now and
just for that reason I'm filming every
single shot that we do just to get the
good one we're never going to do it
again who never ever sit down that was
the best shot of the day on mine for
sure that was not straight but not as
slices before notnot scripted 45-degree
angle I can't believe it it's right
there dude I don't care if that was in
the water that was an amazing shot
that's the pin right there you can't
even see the the tee yeah that that's
not bad
should I get it are you gonna get it you
walk in I guess I'm gonna walk in it
she's done walking okay are those pokey
I don't know they look really pokey okay
no no pokey okay all right I'm going in
so I just like swan dive happy gilmore
yeah you bet this seems like a walk of
shame but really this is triumph oh my
gosh this is amazing
unless I get like some sort of disease
from this water and I'm guarantee
anything is it cold
well this is
what hey Jared that guy over there
doesn't appreciate you being in his pond
got it got it so where do you play it
from I think you just wherever the sock
lies oh that's good hit such a good hit
awesome
last hole today Joe let's see it man
show me what you got
better get some extra strokes here so
that I can actually make the game even
oh yeah you know you don't want to win
too bad well after a rigorous game of
golf we're terrible apps we've got to
pick up some fireworks because
tomorrow's the 4th of July and weird I
think we're going to try and do some
stuff tonight with them to do so kissing
that a little fun what would be even
more bang for my buck
get it bad not bad bang for my buck but
really now is there a wrong on you give
that million times of me what could I
give for the motivation for my buck bang
for my buck thank you my buck hi guys hi
Jackie hi Calvin
how are you guys oh are you eating an
ice cream which wait a second Jackson
how could you possibly be angry and
scowling with an ice cream sandwich in
your hand you hold it no you hold it I'm
going to eat it mom okay you can do have
this doses within here pal that's okay
anyway how are you guys I went to the
park like grocery shopping and it's
hotter than heck we started out golfing
today and there was 86 degrees by the
time we were done there was a 102
clauser
and is hot today it is hot today so we
actually lowered the temperature of the
of the hot tub to a warm tub we actually
lowered it a lot lower so to be much
more enjoyable on hot days like this and
then like you know later on when it gets
a little bit cooler we can bring the
temperature back up so we're gonna have
some fun today
I picked up Joel's four-wheeler we've
got our four-wheeler we've got the
Batmobile I think I'm gonna have some
fun today with these wheels
gotcha I caught you with your hand in
your mouth
I got you red-handed I caught you
chocolate
hey wasn't that awesome
yeah look at all these butterflies oh my
god this is so pretty
holy cow we have never done this trail
before and this is in our backyard guys
we left from our house
butterflies people we drop through a
butterflies or just like this is magical
oh do you see more it's so beautiful
they're everywhere so magical guys out
there's like there's like there's ten by
Calvin right now they're everywhere this
is so magical it looks like you do
let me see your lips you should do it
let me see I'm sorry that's what you get
for being behind like if all the dirt
gets kicked up in your face
does this look like a go place this neck
street back here for a minute are you
having so much fun
good I am so glad this is awesome
what happened did you win the did you
win the dirtiest child award I can't
even see those eyes there we go look at
his outfit dude did you fall in the dirt
or something what chip in Freddie Oh is
he okay obviously is good enough for
picture I don't know looks like he's
been crying and has his mascaras running
oh that's a rough day
so we have never gone off that Canyon
before it and that was so much fun the
kids loved it but we're a little bit
dirty now as you can tell well actually
I since I was leading the way I wasn't
that bad
Ellie and the kids have dirt all over
the face and I think we came up with a
pretty good way to get all cleaned up
was that crazy okay
she's just a baby
I mean she told me nine months she loved
water but she was very sensitive and she
will not like go here is with your arms
we've been trying to be very subtle and
not splash just to get her used to and
she climbed on you like a baby like you
scooby-doo does the funniest sight you
could tell she was like she liked every
she's hesitant but she likes water but
this is like you could tell it's very
different to her she's happy she's not
gonna say oh I can do it because it's
like a person is well that's a good swim
she's I cannot hear no that was fun good
oh this is so we met a couple at the
park where we take penny where there's
like a little water like there and they
had said that their lab was kind of
nervous of water too but they went to
Bear Lake and like just kept putting her
on as she learned husband I thought it
would be kind of fun to have her come in
once and just see how she did and yeah
maybe next time she'll on time in one
I'm sure it sits like this bones put
their head in time
haha
Amy and glad you like it
she likes that she's not the whaling
community different your ship biggle
alright now you can notice your guard
get under your feet I'm home
it looks uncomfortable he saw me and I
find a really great boy there was a
little boy maybe let's do this tomorrow
again though you feel great time
tomorrow baby awesome we got the kids in
the bed and the Sun is finally setting
on this wonderful July day it's been a
hot day but it's been a great day the
college in our neighborhood puts on a
huge concert and everything in a
football stadium and they do fireworks
afterwards the whole town goes around
the town to find places to go and watch
it and we went last year and the traffic
was just terrible and everything I think
it's a good two hours to go home and you
live like blocks away something like
that is on maybe it's a little more than
that it's kind of ridiculous but now
that we're in our new house where I kind
of like set up on a hill pointing
directly at the stadium so Ellie and I
are hoping to go outside and have some
snacks with us and watch the fireworks
from our backyard
so we've planted our bums on this rock
this is our rock server up and next year
I think if the fireworks are like really
good that we can see next year we'll let
the kids stay up and hopefully make sure
all the swing set and they can swing in
how fun would that be to swing and watch
the fireworks
so the Sun is almost completely set and
we're about to watch the show I'm really
excited my butt kind of hurts because
rocks are hard
so this is fun fire arcs kiss sure
technique alright we had our first kiss
and our second kiss there were close to
that it was like such a random time that
a fireworks would there was just one
firework and it went off
Jared goes pop and I was like okay like
I kissed because like I've always wanted
to kiss during fireworks so I don't I
never had we were leaving my grandma's
house yeah it was like one firework yes
one in the middle of like just random
like it wasn't even the 4th of July or
anything and it just went on I was like
oh my gosh that's a firework hurry kiss
me
so we kissed it was fun and that's what
I knew I loved you that's not really a
but okay it sounds romantic I guess I do
love you and we're watching fireworks
tonight so there's going to be a lot of
kissing so I were actually fever found
them 10 years that tree though I know
that tree is like just barely in the way
huh
I'd be fourth of July from us to you me
tomorrow night love you bye
