and you're probably wondering why I'm
dressed like this because I am not
thrown away much shut I am NOT throwing
away my shot boom ah Who am I
yes
well there is nothing but I love more as
when I am getting ready and the kids are
playing Jackson we don't not this
morning and usually you kind of get in
bed with us and snuggle but I woke up
and he had made the coolest track in the
kitchen and he was playing with all
those cars it was really cute to see him
like go out and play
hey bed how are you what was he looking
at I want to show you guys what I'm
wearing today yesterday I'll answer
again I post a picture of just like my
mascara and lipstick and I would just
throw this away or not start away but I
gave a bunch of makeup away and I was
going to give this one and got that I
didn't it is I thought that often it's
pure and it's hydrating fluid and
reminds me of a attention moisturizer
but instead it's like essences oil kind
of like it's a drops that you just like
revenue your kid I probably use a little
too much today but it's seriously not
like I found like a tinted moisturizer
like it doesn't like cover any spots it
just like put such a sheer pretty like
dewy watchos so I like that I use this
today I do a little highlighter a little
blush I need to do some lipstick
investor and then we are off to church
we're going to do something fun we're
actually going to with Grandma today to
church because she keeps me yeah she's
teaching a lesson at churches Jared nice
to help kind of be a part of it so I
hope that I feel good on my part why do
babies need can you Shinra put the baby
no he okay I'll be quiet but you shot
your I put a piece of wire I don't like
Oh baby did you know that used to be
mine when I was a baby I got that when I
was probably three years old no Alex no
you know I think that's about how old I
was when I got it now offense oh okay
good nice be tight it's good not like oh
good thing he's asleep huh
good he's in the chance
that's good okay a few moments later hey
bud you doing okay oh we still got a
little cleaning up to do Calvin split
his lip on his way home from church and
you're probably wondering why I'm
dressed like this because I am NOT
thrown away muck shut I am NOT throwing
away my shot hey you I'm just like my
country I'm young scrappy and hungry and
I'm not throwing away my shot
actually I'm dressed up as George
Washington my mom teaches class in
church a bunch of kids and so we were
talking about Independence Day and she
got this costume and asked me to dress
up and talk about George Washington so I
did our country's first president of the
United States General George Washington
so we are just cleaning up Calvin's lip
and then we are on our way to a family
barbecue hey did you have fun at church
today good I'm so glad to hear that
okay uh inlines in my silly
oh geez Kate should I change if I stay
like this all day
no you want me to change Who am I
yes captain Jake
hahahaha some people at church thought I
was a pirate so did you know that yeah
I'm captain Jake George Washington oh
you silly boy that's right high five but
who is George Washington that's really
good job buddy
so now that I'm like dressed like that
and have that like persona when I walk
in you guys are so excited for today
aren't you
we're going to go along right yeah when
I walk into the room are you going to
say like here comes the general idea of
the general we were going to go to kress
we were we still can I mean there's well
I mean Adam yes they're actually coming
to Salt Lake I think in 2018 I may be
opportunities on the first time you
ticket yeah we were really not that what
I would love them with it I turned Ellie
on to Hamilton she didn't like it up
first so we listen to the car bunch and
now we really really like it penny are
you coming come on sister girl let go
and we are off to a really fun family
gathering pick negati your family does
once a year we get together with cousins
your aunt and uncle as kids about their
cause of sleep Chuck's and Nikolas knows
almost asleep we're ready to getting
ready to go and get a getting ahead rub
style penny penny lovely girls let me
know let me to read your name that's oh
my dad would make us do we'd sit back
there and we'd have to like go wait wait
you did that man yeah why have you never
done this to me ever and you could
because I you have trained me to be your
co-pilot I'm not giving tips to me
that's how us you are probably the best
copilot ever it took a few years I used
to be bad and then Jared taught me the
way
it's true sometimes I Kelly everyone has
their different things that they like
all their drugs some people like I like
to be you know I don't know what you
want me to open your hamburgers for
anyway and take out those oh so when we
go to when we go to in and out they have
the white wrapper around it and then the
brown wrapper I like the brown wrapper
off of it and then put back so I got
you're picky but I do it yeah cause you
do just because I've accident I've
accidentally bit through the brown paper
because it's like melted on so yeah
Oh
so we just had dinner and now we are all
around the fire roasting some
marshmallows how's it going mom I'm Jim
Jackson are you guys making mommy do
your marshmallows it's eating a
marshmallow you know what they say the
smoke is the track you have follows
Beauty so I'm going to step over here
for just a minute it'll follow me but I
come here Kevin
that's so cool
pictures take care of you don't do that
don't eat it snotty
oh sorry turd and just like that we have
fun with our family and it's time to
take the two and a half hour drive back
home and you get job in car just visited
but it was Russ s Oh totally worth it
that's all I'm we did that last year and
I loved it this year's a lot of fun so
we have planned our next little camper
trip to see I wanted to save me
apocalypse so that you spent some
possible upcoming the solar eclipse is
when is it again stockist sometimes in
August we are going to have a total
solar eclipse and that is the first time
has ever happened in the United States
since
yeah since since the United States of
America became the United States of
America not the Fiddler's are
independent anyway so we're planning on
doing that trip and our cousin lives
right in the path of where the total
solar eclipse is going and he's like hey
it would be fun to hang out during that
time and he said you have to come with
all of your food ready to go because all
those town is telling everyone all the
residents that they will run out of food
because of all the people that are
coming they said why your food two weeks
in advance because we will not have
enough food for everyone that is coming
to see and unlike a lot of all the
places are to be closed like fast-food
places everyone like their work they're
closing jobs every month
see this and it just goes to show two
stores and like you just never know and
like that's why it's good to always have
a few weeks worth of storage in your
basement whether it's beans or ice well
you know make sure you have all of that
and that was saying is like oh my gosh
this is gonna be so exciting it will
feel like the actual populace because
you can't go anywhere to get food
because it's all going to be gone in
clothes so we're definitely do some prep
work before we go but I'm excited to
take a campground though go to this kid
so we'll be missing
good well you know we'll put off the
makeup and we'll practice with a media
with a paintball guns or so I think we
should make Ana actually so that reminds
me there's a few places here and you saw
that you like really good food storage
stuff do you guys have any places that
you like or recommend for food storage
because we have our downstairs yeah we
have our downstairs
but I'm always interested in learning
more about those people this isn't a
fun-filled day but a lot of driving
Jarrett's tired okay
my voice is so weak at my grandma had a
weak voice and my mom has does your
voice even lift bro Kate okay see you
tomorrow
thank you for watching we'll see you
guys tomorrow bye
