what did you say oh come up here and do
it prove it
shoot me like a man don't squirt me I'm
going to shoot you
putting amazed toddler on what we're
doing a making like a remix you yes you
are butter we're making banana bread and
our two little tins and a doubling
recipe here yeah look at all the bananas
that we have leftover lots of bananas
I'm cute guys and the middle would I
help the kids are gonna be fat usually I
make little ones for the kids
I'm actually making little one for my
friends at church and we are going to
get into big one the big ones that what
y'all like it not times like this is not
this is kind of a thi
you usually get to lick the beaters
don'tcha oh look Calvin wants to help
CCC you help me smash the bananas you
don't want to that one yeah wow you put
it in here town smash it he smash it
alright this is what he wanted to do is
the egg so you've done it before
smash it really really hard so really
hard not a lot of take that word so I'll
show you on this side not a little bit
but one big hard one okay break it open
good job gonna duel again okay let me
show so I and let's grab that out hard
good job good job good job
I need you I am okay just a minute just
a minute
make sure you got all the shelves out
hard
hours or anything okay oh good job good
job
aw son that was a good one okay let's
check and make sure nothing's in there I
see that was all the eggs we needed
mister he's a good dude no BB does to me
this was great was that fun doing it
yeah let's do anything kay let's wash
our hands up real quick
good morning so the hot tub is all
vacuumed and cleaned out as least as
best I can right now so the hot tub you
to be like cleaned and polished okay the
hot tub store is like 20 minutes away
what just happens to be on the way is
rigged so I think you didn't drink I
think we should make a stop at the
haunted store and then go get some and
what was funny is driver saying that 9rf
to emanate like we're thinking the same
thing
what kind of cookies this to make house
where did he go he only said I'm
socially social because that's read the
small under socials on it again should
we oh he saw your Instagram story last
night and he's a ghost
should we go to swig and get some
socials okay Jackson says here we're all
going let's go okay we can go to the hot
tub store remind you to buy the hot tub
is almost ready we just got back from
the hot tub store not too long ago and I
got this cleaner here that I'm going to
wipe down the entire inside of the hot
tub with and then give it a good spray
down with the pressure washer and then
it will be ready for whatever activities
we want to do with yesterday there was a
comment that said you guys should fill
it up with like pillows and blankets and
then watch a movie or look at the Stars
which i think is awesome and then I
found another one and said you should
make it a foam pit how fun would be to
be doing like front flips into the hot
stuff I think that would be awesome
anyway we're going to get it ready so we
can have some fun
so I just finished spraying out the hot
tub and as I was doing it there's like
10 bees outside 10 wasps the angry wants
the mean one I don't know if I'm going
to make it out alive I think they're
after me with a vengeance oh my gosh
there's so many of them I'm going to be
a lucky man if I don't get stung after
all of this oh my gosh they're swarming
oh geez you see him
oh geez are everywhere oh I don't know
what it was about that but Jared just
had like 15 bees come around him I was
being attacked
well I'm like look they're still coming
you need to follow on wonderful nested
I'm sure we do but they're like
attracted to the hot tub
Ellie this right here is that clean not
so straight okay now that is fancy what
do you want to put inside of it what did
you decide I think we need to put water
in it what are you kidding we've got
some fancy Hoffman you don't want to put
anything inside of any Jordan pillows
and like what's the Stars or blankets
make a giant blanket for you want to put
marshmallow giant marshmallows in here
that the world's largest marshmallow pit
you don't want to put like - Calvin does
he want the fulfillments in here so he
can move front clips inside of here you
really don't want to do anything I think
we should put basic we should put water
in a hot tub what Cal she's sitting you
want her to go play with you
I think she's too tired she's too tired
giving her kick edge and hug she's
kidding
oh you know I figured out why there's
moss in there get your hat that we're
like marks that I couldn't get out like
was a cleaner and stuff yeah
and I figured out that they're actually
scratches from out the wakeboard when
we're trying to draw they see that
they're not I mean it's pretty sick so
it's not stretching too much of them out
of them you know yeah please please
you're my belly sorry I ignored you
obviously this is my I think you suck
you take plenty plenty clean
all Kevin wants ready to get up and she
won't she got it yay yeah well guys
that's it there's no going back now
water is being put into the hot tub like
it's supposed to
we're sucking have some fun I don't know
we were having a water fight and I just
I just sound a guy ready Jimmy you came
off that foot okay uh-huh how far are
you getting the house oh my gosh she's
bringing up that's amazing
I gotta hide my girls again
little do they know
ah you think I had one but I have a long
time just how far this way that's crazy
that way well done you're right Ali
look at his ring yeah hey where Jackson
go let's go see if I can same okay where
did she go Calvin do you know where mom
went maybe she's by the slide you know
art is the market yeah now I'm gonna
well guys we all voted you me and you
guys the Internet all voted and Ellie
one sorry so we are filling it up with a
major fail that's what we're doing we're
putting water in it we're going to get
somebody seriously challenged yeah this
is the hot side B challenge these bees
are literally just like flying and just
getting stuck in the water I kind of
feel bad but at the same time I don't
because they're wasps and Yellowjackets
which I don't know if they even serve a
purpose in the world
I don't B's you like honeybees those are
awesome we'll save those guys but wasps
and Yellow Jacket what do you guys do
around here what did you say
oh come up here and do it prove it
show me like a man
don't squirt me I'm going to shoot you
okay the name of the game quick-draw
we're going to go head to head back to
back take ten paces and the first one to
get shot with water we've changed it to
three cents for a camera angles ok ready
ready one two three
ready to go again
my momma always wins Jackson you can't
the three jacket laughs good deal either
that's right why - you are -
hey you look like you Peter Pan
no no paper he liking that was a very
successful water fight guys that was so
fun I went to the store to buy B killer
came back with a few water guns just so
we had some and picture down to be like
the best things in the whole world I
think the best way to end an awesome
water fight well I guess we're not quite
over yet these guys are still going at
it
is with some nice grilling and we are
grilling some chicken and I think it
looks pretty good
chicken is pretty tricky to grill
because once you get past that internal
temperature like 100 6570 starts drying
out really fast crossing my fingers
things end up okay because ellie has
made an amazing dinner so if it's good I
bought top smoke concrete Technica huh
and they're about that before but it
said good luck finding some paprika on
Pinterest so I found it cool you have
good luck Gilly that's great nothing
makes you put your chips to bed faster
when the babysitter says a kiss right
exactly okay so we didn't fill up the
hot tub with anything cool just normal
plain water since we didn't do that will
you please go on a date with me
guess what we're going to do I really go
to you to learn Ricardo's me one no one
invited do you want to know something
I'm wondering you're my Wonder Woman Oh
are we funny or cute I don't know but I
like us I like us 10 another 9 or I
think you're pretty cute but here's the
thing if you think Ellie was right about
the hot tub give the video a thumbs up
if I just filling this water but if you
think I was right
give this video a thumbs up and then
what will they do about me giving a
video a thumbs up either way would have
been fun I really wanted to just get
itself as well especially for the fourth
of July and then I go bold and instead
of one red light don't you can make it
to the long road the red lines choose
are the best together Ellie that's like
as long as your intestines do you think
your body can handle it yeah many test
things were built for like boulders we
are red my family hurry I just made this
connection Ellie we're going to see what
going on and you are talking about the
licorice rope
they are akin to the lasso of truth that
one woman
this was meant to be you were meant to
get two of them so you could make a
lasso alas Oh Ellie you know what
anything I'm talking about okay quick
ten-second movie review Ellie movie
review now is the best movie I have seen
in a long time
it was so stinking good like gal gadot
who played Wonder Woman like whoa good
that chicken it was really good I really
liked it if you haven't seen one don't
even you have to cuz I'm good so good
yeah I'm dead I want to be a superhero
hey where are you going I want to say hi
to you I want to say hi to you miss
Danny you've been a good girl today
heaven chow you know you've been took
you a good girl huh penny come join us
as we end the vlog today what a one of
the day indeed it was a good movie yes
really really great movie like I think
we're going to talk about it throw this
one I it was that awesome so we are
going to call it a night guys thank you
so much for watching this video have a
wonderful fourth of July weekend if you
guys have a long weekend yes be safe
have fun make memories with your family
and friends and we will see you guys
tomorrow arrange it just thanks for
watching bye
