well before we all run 1,000 different
directions we are here at Michelle's
pool you are so cute
she just had her twins like four months
ago they're tiny and cute and your area
so cute here Calvin found a little
blow-up cool little blow-up boy and we
have Ally and Jenny hi and April just
went to I think oh I don't know where
she went but like it that we got here we
all have to like keep an eye on our kids
were kind of running but this is a nice
warm day and a nice pool
Calvin jog it in you guys wanna get in
good job I played two frames frankerz
not CD player
like befriend the Baby Whisperer today
balance on me body your twins are cute
so cute
this is really good for Calvin could
usually get lots of playdates it's like
kids his age what do you think of her
that's not mama
she says mama go hi speedy or nuts cue
other friends hi girls
it is your friends I know you've been
really nice to them I like helping
Calvin is this your little playdate Cal
what's up guys so we are here at the
family cabin as you can see we've got a
lot of construction going on here that I
clearly AM doing a lot of work but one
thing that we found out it was really
interesting to me while using the stud
finder so I want to show you this so you
guys know that I had reconstructed hip
surgery I want to show you something
I just calibrated it now watch this you
see that that's where my my hip is my
head screw and there's nothing in my
pocket oh oh money and that's awesome
there's nothing in my pocket and my belt
is leather isn't that crazy
I wonder why it doesn't set off at the
airport you know what do you think Carly
because this spin is not good enough
yeah like maybe that's inserted it
doesn't those all happen set high enough
they have
okay stud finder found me
okay so Michelle has cotton candy grapes
Ducharme but they don't do its natural
right tell me how are you okay okay now
yes sir those are so good
I heard it my ha ha ha wow that was
amazing why don't they make all free cuz
it can so I tried it it tastes like
candy okay he doesn't like grape well
Calvin look look oh he sees the first
bag but you would like this take a bite
he doesn't want it argh guess what kind
of great this is it's a cotton candy
grape you like it what you like great
you don't like it and all he wants is
for his knack yeah and you sunbathing
are you tired yeah you can swim in too
much you wanted to lay on your warm
blanket just rest
oh why don't you close your eyes to a
minute no just for one minute okay close
your eyes
how you having fun I just think I don't
you can I please burn this image in my
head forever
Justin sunbathing eating grapes is the
cutest thing ever
to each other this is the same moment
because Calvin doesn't really like other
kids
very much so it's cute like Chavez very
loving and cuddly but when you see
people he doesn't really like love them
and Calvin has been loving on her they
walking together
and they were just like head-to-head and
her face
picking up this pinecone a nice day my
chore growing up was I had to rake all
that up and I hated it and you know that
means you can do it huh
yep person I get sayers you came in the
grain bag show Jackson what to do and
then okay I didn't know they were going
to be here and I pulled up on the way
home the kids go is Jackson here I said
yeah and they said well tell him to come
to hell so he's gonna go pick up some
pine cones that's something because that
was my job growing up and I hated it
now my son can do it we've done this a
few times where we go to moms and the
other person is here we don't realize it
I was going to go home and then I heard
you're having a campfire and they nicely
invited us so all of us girls are going
to carry the table
over also want you to she one tooth is
better
oh crap and I just honest are we setting
a bad spot my muscles
you see my muscles I know I myself like
I got oh you've got muscle pain I'm
little bit strum okay the market right
here well this is where we're calling it
a night I want to show you guys exactly
what we've done so far this one that's a
little tiny one this one and then we've
got to get some more stuff for this one
here but the hardwood floor and you guys
remember this is all linoleum is that
right I don't know and I didn't but you
know hardwood floor was put in and then
we got these cabinets in and then these
guys up top good day guys thanks for
letting me be a part of it you did a
great job well two and a half hours
later what two two and a half miners and
I'm finally home to see you that looks
scary no you don't look scary to look
pretty not really anything she was kind
of scary though I don't want to look at
her in the IRL shelf
she Olivia came over the other day when
Bonnie was here and Olivia was wearing a
banana costume
it scared penny and penny was a it
wasn't it was cool to see that penny is
kind of like protective
yeah she's being protective you're right
I don't think it scared her but she was
just like boo intruder so that was very
cool yeah so I made a home after a
two-and-a-half-hour Drive I'm back with
my family home it was a lot of fun
working at the cabin we got a lot of
stuff done and I had a really great time
helping you know work on the cabin that
I've spent so much time at so I thought
that was great
so my pretty penny I think we're going
to end the vlog can you say goodbye to
our friends oh good you can but one year
ago Jackson was helping put nails in our
walls oh my gosh can you believe that
can you believe we've been building this
and have lived in this for this long now
crazy
thank you guys so much for watching the
video if you enjoyed it please give it a
big thumbs up so we know you enjoyed the
video have a wonderful weekend guides
here in the States we are celebrating
the fourth of July weekend the
celebration of our
to independence I know it's a pretty
long weekend for everyone so stay safe
have fun and we will see you guys
tomorrow bye
