I had such a good morning we all woke up
at a really good time today it's so good
when everyone like gets the right amount
of sleep on a huge family walk ate lunch
outside I told Jackson when Kalpa wakes
up and after you have some quiet time
we'll wake up and we'll we'll go do
something so I have the kids swimming
suits ready some sunscreen and Jackson
that dress that is to flash your mouth
with can you try it you put the string
in between your teeth let me help you
let me show you once like that isn't
that kind of funny it goes in between
the teeth so Jackson did awesome of
quiet time so I'm getting the kids ready
to go I can't really go to a splash pad
we haven't really been to many flash
mobs and even last gen didn't really go
to the pool all that much so I'm excited
to start doing that because the weather
definitely was getting a lot hotter here
hey guys it is a beautiful day today
like Ellie said she's taking the boys to
the splash pad I've got a ton of work
done in the office and now I'm in the
backyard to get some work done so I'm
going to hop down here ready 1 2 3 okay
I've got some work to do on the hot tub
I really want to drain it and refill it
up and clean it and everything um I got
a new spa vacuum that actually works
really really great but there's still a
lot of sand in there so I figure it's
about time anyway to drain the hot tub
and so I'm looking here to see if I can
do that today this is the panel the back
panel here where all of my controls are
and I want to say my drain valve is
going to be right back here - oh I need
to get these keys I'll be back excuse me
young man where do you think you're
going dressed like that I'm a mess -
you're going to the splash pad you've
got some pretty sweet water shoes on
they look really cool actually here are
you excited why should you get a spree
mommy with water so funny I would love
to see that day you tell me if you do
okay ah I love you
well never feeling this is going to take
a while all right my little babies let's
go Calvin of course would not leave the
band without his blanket so I was like
okay that'll be son we can sit on come
on Vinnie well the kids did not want to
go in the splash pad this is what they
wanted to do is just play on the little
park you don't want to get in the water
no okay it looks so fun I'm like sad
that they didn't lie itself they're just
gonna sit here and play on the park and
they have a snow cone machine and my
kids even if they realize that snow cone
machine is so I'm not done playing for
love it oh god help you hurry climb on
the next one
whoa pretty high ah you want you to turn
off yeah Calvin is very interesting that
was funny
I will not film him he did not want the
camera on him silly you so cute dances
tribes okay now there's a couple ways to
do this I found the drain hose right
here and I can just hook it up to the
hose and let it drain manually work on a
downhill slope so it actually will
siphon itself pretty well now from what
I've heard and read online is that it
will take about four hours for every 400
gallons this is a 1600 gallon swim spa
so that may take the most of my day but
if you have a pump that will go on the
inside and pump the water out it cuts it
down by a factor of like five or six so
for every four hundred gallons I think
it does like 45 minutes or something
like that
so I think that's the route we're going
to go today and I've drained it out and
clean the inside of the hot tub okay
I've got everything I need
if you see here I've got
long hose I've got my pump got my
extension cord we hooked the extension
cord to the pump the pump to the hose we
put the pump in the hot tub and away we
go then it goes down our drain which is
pretty awesome let's see it in action
oof one very important rule before you
do any of this turn off the power power
and water don't go well together let's
shut everything off okay now to put this
guy where it needs to go
okay now this is an automatic pump that
means height any that means whenever it
detects water it will automatically turn
on and when there's no water it down to
like a quarter inch it'll turn off if I
do this right it shouldn't turn on so
far so good
now when I submerge it in the water
should turn on okay here it goes nothin
whoa do you see that it turned on okay I
feel water I think we're good now we
wait for like three hours two hours I
don't know maybe we'll time-lapse us
plus time-lapse
well it is just another wonderful summer
day here in Utah hey guys how are you
great Ellie and the boys had just got
back from the splash pad Calvin did you
have fun at the splash pad yeah good
you had fun to splash by too good so we
are out here we are grilling some
hamburgers take a look at these and did
you notice how much better the grill
looks today thank you guys for giving me
the tips on cleaning the grill Kendall
do you say cantaloupe bunny uh the grill
was really really dirty last time and I
was really embarrassed about it but we
we grilled last minute so I didn't have
a chance to clean it but it is all clean
now thank you guys you guys ready for
some burgers we are you ready Cal huh
you ready
oh I believe in you Jackson you can do
it I can't do it yes you can
Jackson Jackson Jackson Jackson go Oh
mommy's gotcha okay looks like your guys
and I go tandem yeah we go and penny
comes in with a save hey Calvin your
turn come on Cal oh please come on
you
okay so the good die bud let's see about
oh you can feel them
yeah Calvin
ready for a bedtime story
hi guys did you have a good bag
yeah good mommy's going to come in and
read a bedtime story while I get working
on the video now here is the deal here's
the situation I'm kind of nervous about
today's video we film like four or five
clips outside today with our canon g7x
mark ii and we have a memory card in
there and nearly every time we filmed I
would see a memory card error pop-up and
I don't know how long that's been
happening today so I'm about to get on
the computer and check to see but we may
not have all the footage that we planned
on today I know for a fact that there
was a hummingbird incident while we were
outside while we were having hamburgers
to hummingbirds literally flying around
our heads like very close to us and we
could hear the hum of their wings it was
actually really really cool so I'm
hoping there's a way I can recover those
files I'm not sure it takes a long time
to do that kind of stuff but cross your
fingers and we're putting the kids to
bed and I'm going to work Ellie do you
think I hope we can get them like how
long do you think that's been happening
today I think we knew the clips that
didn't say yeah the hummingbird now
moves on to hummingbirds like attach
office who's crazy dad not if they were
around our head so loud and we were
filming and I don't think it saved it
we're going to try and fix this up sorry
at the clips been make it you know we I
don't know like we won the lottery
during those clips like we got a brand
new car during those clips a lot of good
stuff happens okay the hot tub is now
officially empty and you know what I put
my feet in it
I think it's writing look how big it is
like you don't really realize it what
there's all that much of water I
actually always just dive down in yeah
fun like it's Ellie go bears down in
there I can barely write you go there
you're I mean I've been very happy with
our decision oh yeah like between
between like a regular hot tub and a
pool is what she's saying and we're like
this is like the in-between remember
when I was real up the store as like
never getting that one you know what
because it would never even cross my
mind I didn't even really think about
the eyes that they
honks I don't know many people too high
either people of pools or for hotness I
like it okay
let's dress this first there's tons of
sand I talked about this before just the
kids with when it when we didn't have
all the pavers here get sand everywhere
coming in and out now I can like really
really do a good job if you thought this
was bad like you should have seen it
before I got like the real good vacuum
but cleaning that out but now that it's
empty le
think of like all the fun things that we
can put inside of it like what do you
what if we filled it with cereal you saw
Brian and Missy do that in their tub
what if we did it in the hot tub that
would be a little crazy for onions it
was marshmallow it's just so much just
the marshmallows Lucky Charms are you
listening or like Brooklyn and Bailey
did than any videos like that I know we
haven't done we did the balls which is
so fun which we still have and the kids
love that Brooklyn and Bailey just did
that Orbeez in their hot tub we could do
all the Orbeez I don't know like is
Orbeez over done I think Orbeez might be
over I do think it would be fun to get a
just like a little kiddie pool you know
like just really small kids tiny wood
bugs like gentle my gosh yeah but it
would be fun to put just like even rice
in it and let the kids kind of find
things that would be that would be
really fun like have little treasures in
there for them to find so for the fourth
of July I really won't have to think of
some fun things for us to do
jerry- be home on the fourth of July and
lash the last few years we've kind of
like been busy and like going going and
we just decided were like fourth of July
is such a fun holiday that you want to
be just not busy I just wonder if
there's like some fun things that we can
plan that day you know the kids like
we'll have the hot tub going we won't
have a hot and that way like we can play
an all day and like we'll take a little
barbecue out here and let's we'll have
to think like just like one other thing
like maybe we could do that like ricing
and like what they can search for some
stuff that would be fun maybe we could
put all the balls back in here now that
it's completely empty and have like an
actual ball pit should we do that I
don't know we can come up some with some
pretty crazy ideas for this house what
do you guys think we should put in the
hot tub seriously I'm like I'm being
serious what should we put in here
and don't say water because that's a
normal thing that you do get out of my
house right now and kiss my knife
I've never been so attracted before so I
just gotta bow it'd be so sticky
Oh how long do you think it would take
me to drink all of it a lot of the
hospital say my stomach huh okay I've
got quite a bit of work here so let's go
inside and we'll call it a night and
I'll come back out here and I'll get
back to cleaning some super have so much
fun
yes it's nighttime and I'm making the
bed and wash my sheets and I wish you
would have seen this penny literally ran
through the sheet as I setting up and
got stuck and look like a ghost right it
was cute she looked like a little puppy
girl how do you need thoughts for how
hey are you a puppy ghost good we need
to get a topper yes we do that was the
the terrible incident of 2017 where what
I think we had so many throw-up
accidents on it after like two months
period that I was like okay and dry
cleaning was just like I'm driving like
three times oh no I just like she
matches our rugs so perfectly she sits
with the house she's beautiful she
really is a pretty dog I really like a
lot you've been so good mm-hmm thanks
okay um I didn't show you guys but I
actually took her to Lois today
Moses like a pet friendly stork but she
did so good she stayed right next to me
the whole time and it was just really
really cute guys I think that's where
we're going to end it tonight thank you
so much for watching our video
I can't wait to get more water I know I
know it's going to be awesome but we're
gonna fill with some other cool stuff
first right you guys have to tell I have
a really early morning tomorrow I have
to be gone like out five in the morning
tomorrow we're doing an adventure me and
my dad up at the cabin and I get a
little girls day twelve whoo speculation
on who's going to be there let's find
out see you guys next time thanks for
watching
can't say bye penny bye bye bye guys
