so this is a painting that I did last
night I stayed up way too late while le
was watching The Bachelorette and I did
that oh there's some more leaves good
job bud
okay you're writing it oh look at that
good morning guys are you ready to see
some awesome food that makes you so
hungry I have got some hash browns going
I'm going to cook some eggs you got some
bacon that we're going to do some
pancake yet last night I was like I
really wanted a really good like hearty
breakfast and so when Jerry's of the
grocery store I had a bunch of stuff for
me so thank you so much chair so today
we're having like a very late late
breakfast and cook it up I can't wait to
eat it outside and I have a new candle
going this is a love spell I got for my
car local decor store if you guys ever
tried the Victoria Secret lotion love
spell we like the best smelling lotion
ever and my candles are all gone I just
went through that candle I love candles
because I love walking into a home and
smelling like a yummy scent
this used to be a candle this used to be
a candle I always put them in the
freezer and then I after it's frozen I
take a butter and ice and crack it and
break off sex go back and then I use it
for storage because I think it's cute
like those are cute hi mister what's
going on your hands what's that oh no
hey hi are you tired did mommy get kind
of mad last night
Kelvin's kind of gotten in a bad habit
of waking up very early the several
nights you guys won't go back to sleep
so last night I would like and I would
lay by his bed and last night I was like
I love you I'm leaving and I'm not
coming back I closed the door and he was
not very happy and then you play for
like two hours and he hasn't gone to bed
sense like he should spend up all
morning so I'm going to push him to bed
very very soon
you see the food she loves food he is
like the best eater
do you love food you won't eat it you
gonna cook it all first okay food up go
get your barstool get your first off yep
you can sit on that perfect double yolk
I have not had an egg that had double
yolk since I had chicken and then you
have your home brown chicken some reason
to get tons of double yolks look at that
these eggs are awesome look how big
yolks are you got a double yolk yeah
what he already had a pancake I am
loading guys I gave him a pancake hold
them over look I made a little bitty one
I'll give you a little bitty one and
here we have it that is the kids
favorite spot to eat so they always said
anything is so cute of all these steps
to sit on and play on is it good it is
oh good what's not good the eggs are not
but the pancakes are okay mmm your
pancakes Ellie you're painting her
killer like there's solstice remember we
got married and you said your favorite
pancakes are this enough I have finally
figured it out look at that they're so
good
I like it oh man you're getting like
your perfect pancakes your pancake maker
move over pancake bot sorry
jerry-rigging everything but and I'm
getting better at stay exciting
oh yeah we're getting good resume after
almost eight years are pretty good good
I'm so glad I just had a flashback and
when your dad made food and you were a
newborn and I was trying to feed you at
the table in our old apartment
oh we do you have here family and
did you decide to put it in the play-doh
yeah those are the fossil yeah that will
work
so you guys all know that Jackson and
Calvin's favorite toys are cars and we
have been wanting to take the kids to
this movie four senses came out and we
told Jax are going to the movie theater
and we are going to go see the new cars
three moving I'm so excited I think the
kids are really gonna like it
I'm indeed angry yes guess what new car
is in the new movie what Jackson
remember the Jackson car yeah you have
him huh yeah we got to find him he's in
all our other cars but they have a new
character and his name is Jackson
something um is a good story
Jackson storm okay Jackson knows what it
is and I'm really excited to go to it
here's a this is the best thing it's
like he loves cars he loves the car toys
I can't wait to take him to the movies
so I'm just getting ready for the day
and I saw it in my closet
this shirt and I think this shirt is
very appropriate for today don't you
think Ellie that's exactly what I'm
referring to on Twitter if you're not
following me on Twitter I'll have a link
down below or somewhere on the screen
here's a picture of me for Twitter I
painted something on the iPad and I want
to show it to you guys should we go show
my painting on the iPad oh yes so Wyatt
what kinda me dusty ground snake around
good job
so this is a painting that I did last
night I stayed up way too late while le
was watching The Bachelorette and I did
that oh there's some more leaves good
job bud
okay you're writing it but anyway this
is something that I paint it and well I
did on my iPad so I know that it was
pretty cool
are you sure so look at that yeah you
can do some finger painting
look at you go but you're doing so great
I mean yeah I could show Robbie okay
he's gone
undo undo undo undo undo undo undo undo
undo undo undo undo undo undo there we
go
Becca No are you guys ready to party Oh
what did you know how frequently oh so
fun I'm going to the car and I'm
wondering if Calvin is asleep we have a
budget no excuse me mister how lucky are
you
you have the best seat in the house to
wake up in a movie yes pretty awesome
huh the movies like Aaron Cox House
can't get drunk without it yeah copy
yeah I think he's happy I am
yeah all right here is your official car
three review from Jackson what you think
in the movie good what was your favorite
part
that's the meanest Magic School Bus I've
ever seen did you like the school bus
the Magic School Bus
though the mad school bus uh-huh yeah
yeah yeah that's what he said in the
movie it was the magic the mad Magic
School Bus did you guys like it was it
good Olivia yeah Boston did you like it
oh try to pick me up okay
you get trend started you're ready to go
you're ready to mow some lawns okay let
me help you okay now pull let's pull
together okay ready here we go
sorry you're doing that you're good okay
look at Calvin have a try huh good job
and I think about this is the blade does
not engage on the start it just starts
the engine I have to manually control
the blade right there okay you ready
daddy will show you how to do it -
pretty cool huh oh you're going to push
it now
hit what you do now push this forward
and then watch your fingers watch your
fingers there you go okay there you go
it's moving grab on
yeah okay push it forward okay you want
to try okay push these bars forward push
it forward there you go there's my boy
yeah whoo good job Jackson hey penny how
are you you guys are doing so good good
teamwork guys
good teamwork is that so cool bug you oh
you want to do it some more you're going
to be a big helper one day yeah Kelvin
is obsessed with the lawnmower I just
sold a bunch of weeds all I want to do
is help
well the yard is all the way done and
mowed and completed that was also great
except for the fact that my toe feels
like going to fall off I thought to come
up here and show you first before I go
inside how it looks very happy with it
looks great
this is sloped a little bit more than I
thought I had a hard time keeping it
exactly where I wanted to but at the
same time I'm still getting used to that
one more love the lawnmower by the way
that it was a great one
lots of control could do what I wanted
with it I've got a look at my toe I
think it's really Oh some job in it okay
all right oh that's painful so I think I
have like a combination of like an
ingrown toenail and my shoes my shoes
that I was using to mow the lawn
so some old junky shoes are too small or
something because all that that hurt
yeah I know it doesn't look like much
but you see like the toenail just like
pushing in right there that really hurts
do you see that it's crazy that hurts a
lot I don't know how but that was the
most painful lawn mowing experience I've
had but also the most enjoyable lawn
mowing experience I've had it was just
felt very satisfying to most my own yar
I'm very very happy about that it's
beautiful out there but also my tone is
an excruciating pain right now Ellie my
toe hurt do we have anything for like
ingrown trial
I actually just got a file for my girl
toenail do you I saw under your foot
like it goes under necklace de and file
such a just roll over no it sounds so
painful because it is ha ha
will you show me how to use it I don't
okay this will be an adventure yet again
we have completed an entire day 24 hours
with you guys thank you so much for
watching the video if you enjoyed it be
sure to give it a big thumbs up or
normal-size thumbs up I guess they're
about the same you all you have to do is
just click the thumbs up button which i
think is right down here
where is it right down here I can't
remember what site and if you're new to
this channel hit that subscribe button
we make fun videos like this every
single day with our family and we will
see you guys tomorrow thank you for
watching bye
