oh my gosh Jackson I think he found the
lawnmower of our dreams the one we've
been looking for whoa wait Jackson this
isn't a lawnmower
good morning guys it feels so good to be
home
my voice is very hoarse from partying so
hard we seriously had such a good
weekend with all of our friends but we
are back home we are on a good schedule
I am a very schedule oriented like I
have my morning routine we kind of do
our thing in the day and then like we
have our my routine and so I'm planning
out our meals for the rest of the week
and I'm going to make my chicken pot pie
except really easy and really yummy
we'll have fish and rice for lunch I
made banana bread this week and racing
Friday I want to do a BBQ chicken kabob
so that's what I'm doing right now I
think you can maybe hear Ryan's toy
review had talked since watching some
YouTube so I'm kinda our meals Jared I
just finished at the dentist office and
my teeth are on no cavities so I'm very
happy so he's there I'm here we're
getting some stuff done okay I have to
say that before we were getting our yard
in and before penny was being washed and
then trained while we were gone that she
was pretty good considering she was a
puppy like with what we had worked with
her I was pretty happy might not be with
the training that I did but this is like
next-level stuff um it is night and day
different Oh penny
she used to well I just get like this
big the big smile on my face because
penny was a puppy she's going she's find
something that she wants she would just
go and do that but like all day she has
been following me around just by my side
and I freaking love it and look at her
just like sit she is na arm down and
love employs dude I really do okay what
that would be problems if I was you are
so good if you are yeah you go grab him
penny she is so good we played outside
today and like multiple times outside
she just come and find me and just sit
by me I'm like let that why is this and
she said she wasn't doing that - she's
been moving my legs even outside she'd
go under my legs you do fall
oh yes you are you are so good I'm so
happy to have you home
I am remember when you used to fit under
the couch your little nose would poke
out that was really funny
so today we are doing something so
exciting I think we say that a lot that
what we're doing that day is exciting
but this one actually like really is
nothing that the other ones weren't they
totally were but this one is even more
exciting so I think this today what
we're doing is exciting to the extreme
kind of I think it is I have to mow the
lawn tomorrow or sometimes the
landscaper said Wednesday is when you
need to model on so we need a lawn mower
so I am going to pick out a lawnmower
today I'm going to search and find one
I've done a lot of research and asked a
lot of people some questions so I've got
an idea of what I want but I'm bringing
you guys along with me to find a lot
more all right boys are you ready to
rock and roll with Daddy oh yeah okay
we're going to pick up a special visitor
you know that's going to be love more
we're going to pick up my dad and he's
going to come with us too
so I think Calvin wants to hang out here
are you okay with that yes Calvin hangs
out with you for a little bit he's like
what toys do I have the glai with this
is actually perfect timing Ellie is
finally getting her hair done today
she's been waiting for I don't know like
a month now two months three months
I don't been a long time but she's
finally getting it done and I said just
go enjoy yourself surprise me I can't
wait to see what it looks like so I'm
excited because Ellie when she's like
I'm just going to do something crazy I'm
going to shave all my hair off and I
said don't you go I'll Britney Spears on
me so we'll see if she's going to do it
pull of Britney Spears or Miley Cyrus is
that who did it
I don't know I'm not up on my pop
culture lately but let's go find a
lawnmower okay you ready you're not
oh you where did you get that brownie
the joys of being a grandma and
grandpa's right all right pass away do
you see the lawn mowers
what about way there they are son there
they are all the lawn mowers you could
ever hope to dream and never have right
there and we're going to go pick one
inside oh you already picked okay we're
done here this one this is it
you know I've always wanted a riding
lawnmower ever since I was a little kid
because we had a giant backyard and I
never wanted to walk and push the
lawnmower but now that I have my own
yard
I can choose whatever one mower I want
when I think I'm not going to choose the
riding lawnmower I think I think
obviously the writing one more there's
still a little too many for our backyard
but even still thinking about walking
and doing along myself with a lawn mower
a silver cell phone I was not going to
do crazy
I think it's that more satisfying than a
riding lawn while this might be senior I
think it might be better to stop
emotional what do you think deafness
yeah well we did it guys we pulled out
the big guns
we went to the local World War where the
locals are and we're supporting the
local store actually this is probably
the best or that we've been to because
we have someone who actually knows
exactly what they're talking about the
tacho our landscaper I talked to Joel
who actually I think he ran his own
landscaping like a side business for a
long time so she knows quite a bit and
so we talked in everything that this guy
said has been very in line was about my
landscaper and what Joel's been saying
so we found a lawn mower did we
it's actually probably easy enough that
you could mow the lawn do you want to
mow the lawn I'll teach you and one day
you'll do it with me does that sound
good no I know how oh yeah you're smart
quick learner just look at all this
equipment here isn't this amazing so
cool
oh my gosh Jackson I think he found the
lawnmower of our dreams the one we've
been looking for whoa wait
Jackson this isn't a lawnmower do you
like this wah
that's pretty sweet huh me too son me
too all right that's a wrap
look at them lawn mower it folds up like
completely the bar folds up on itself so
it sit in the van just perfectly
we got a blower and a trimmer to go
along with it and I'm pretty excited
about I'm really excited to mow the lawn
now like even more than I was before
this it'll be great okay let's go okay
boy
do you want to know something that your
mom loves a lot is when we make her
dinner okay so we're at the store she
doesn't know we're doing this well we're
picking up a few things to make dinner
for mommy should we pick up some
cucumbers or zucchini sure no Oh carrots
okay we'll take up some carrot yeah what
else should we pick up Oh
broccoli yeah that's a good choice
checks and I'm proud of you for thinking
of that
and dinner is served
we've got some corn we've got some rice
we've got some steak and welcome home
Ellie here colors it looks so good
do you like it yeah I did chop it ah you
said you were going to do something
crazy
not I think next time I'll really cut it
and then the next time I'm just gonna
slow little shorter go slow so always
yeah
that's a good piece of advice just go
slow the good job he's thinking about it
yeah Calvin fell asleep in the car on
the way home so we transferred him
inside and he is resting peacefully
while we eat outside on our patio like
this is the need this is what we wanted
and we're doing it right now
how's the steak have you tried it yet
give me a first bite oh that's a good
sign that's a good sign ha
all right Ellie here it is in all its
glory what do you think all your
questions comments concerns thoughts
anything good why so it's fun like like
it's not fun buying stuff you know it
you don't really like a lot of I but
also jus like buy the same time because
I find for your home yes absolutely
except there's one little tidbit there I
told me one is like because I'm so
excited what I really like is the meat
eater and then even there's really good
yeah and that's what the guy was saying
is like I don't so I know it's a
battery-powered one and that's you know
you sacrifice some power there but I was
more about convenience than anything
else especially and Ellie's going to do
a little bit anytime I'm not sure if
that's right yeah so yeah I'm not the
one yeah absolutely
yeah this is something that everyone
swear all will do together right you're
not having me do I have two boys now so
teach Jackson well and that's what I
said about tiny size he could help you
yeah I said I were you can help me mow
the lawn he's like I don't know how to
get him a little nappy
yeah boys have their own little push
toilet it's fun to see on the neighbors
they mow their lawn like and they're
like they're they're young no no
obviously like toddlers can't you know
but it's cute yet I know battery may not
be the best when it comes to power but
this guy will run five football fields
before you need to charge the battery
which i think is pretty impressive
because our yard is certainly not five
football fields Nate not even one
football field so I think we'll be just
fine with this oh my gosh things are
heating up on The Bachelor The
Bachelorette right we're watching The
Bachelorette look at this oh my gosh
there's a guy in here that looks like
Sam so I'm like maybe human so we are
just ending our night I'm getting the
video going here and penny is hanging
out with us on the side hey penny how
are you she has been so good today so oh
my gosh there's blood
what the heck I'm stay tuned and find
out on the next episode of the best or
actually it's a two night special so
we've got a lot of watching to do
tonight or Ellie doesn't anyway guys
thank you so much for watching the video
if you enjoyed it be sure to give it a
big thumbs up and we will see you guys
tomorrow
where I will mo deal on for the very
first time bye
