hey bro I scared Calvin and you scared
me
good morning guys it is bright 6:00 in
the morning and we are ready to go we're
almost ready to go we've got our
suitcase and time to go proudly oh yeah
but it's because we have so much fun
yesterday yeah thank you Brian and Missy
for inviting us thank you for putting us
on we had so much fun but now I'm on how
do we get to go pick up any and take her
home with us I am so excited she has her
tablecloth on the garage yeah Marshall
one girl this is going to be a union and
homecoming the dream mermaid oh we got
some traffic
good thing we accounted for the busy
traffic going home we just got the fun
with the kids and they are having a
blast
I guess this morning they wanted to go
run through the sprinklers and I so cute
because it's like 9:00 in the morning
and who knows how cold it yeah yeah your
dad said it was pretty cool but they
wanted to go it's cute but that's what
they wanted to do it's like what me
Jackson see oh I'm gonna run through
that like play in the water if they're
outside playing and we talked to about
2.5 seconds and they're off plans so I'm
very happy that they're doing well my
eyebrows are healing and completely
healed there's no makeup on these I've
been giving you guys little updates
every day since I got them done like
about three weeks ago and they are
officially healed and I'm not wearing
any eyebrow makeup and remember when
they used to be really crazy and dark
and a little harsh I feel like they are
soft tonight I'm really happy to tell
they look so that's nice this morning
like I got ready but it really wasn't
too bad my unibrow is doing pretty good
yours is too good i waxed in our tongue
a little bit
I'm excited to see penny slow-cooked our
little pretty penny has gone months and
months with dirt snow no grass we had
grass
she couldn't be on it we were traveling
we were so excited to pick up our little
penny my heart is pounding right now
I don't know excited and so she has been
on continuing so for training while
she's been here and we've been in great
contact with these guys they've been
sending me videos in text
I'm telling us about how she's been
doing and they say that she goes home
very well trained but not very well
trained what she's home because she's in
an environment for him from where she's
been training so it's kind of like back
at square one where like we need to keep
like a closer eye on her well I'm keep
her on a little loose leash to continue
training in the house until she's
comfortable with her same training in
our environment and I'm really excited
as a condition guys I miss her we told
Jackson let her bring a penny he's like
oh my goodness she's just a big dog oh
it smells so good and clean hi penny
exhale good or we could do some training
classes today as you usually will
contribute ah yes excited oh my gosh
comment down here
oh she's too excited oh good good what I
mean honor place I mean if you see the
videos how to get ascendant oh yeah we
want to look you signed today meteor yes
so Jerry and I are picking up penny and
they're going over all the training that
they have done so we can continue that
at home and it's funny because we walked
in and I told the guys I saw some of
your videos and they're kind of hard to
listen to because I was a lot of like
background noise and stuff I was talking
to those like you do YouTube was like
yes I was like what if some time you
came to Logan and saw how good we did
with penny once we go home you can
correct us on any page and then maybe we
could help you of some of your videos so
that would be cool I'm talking business
yeah but guys look at her sit there I
just want to go Maul her and kiss her
good pick her two lows today graduating
she is doing so good I just want Petter
this is Penny's homework when we go home
we need to be consistent structured on
everything that she's learning and
although he feels
more cool cool I just want to go Maul
her right now it is more like Riddler in
Hungary she's great
three two one doing penicillin okay I'm
going to turn about this when you feel
it ready let me know what you can see a
high school so what this is what is it a
vibration
it's like physical therapy yeah yeah
there's a muscle contraction muscle
stimulation well not a shock and
wouldn't even call it a shot you ready
call me go back down to 14 Kevin can you
typically be a little bit more sensitive
papa you have to do that yes okay I
couldn't do it really is great 14
nothing I am yeah - enough
this is something we love to do at home
is go on a ton of walks but it has them
pretty hard with loose leash walking is
she hated her harness and this is really
fun to see her she'll - Jared really
well
all his name is Dax he is a service dog
issue he's getting trained to be a
service dog so cool so doing training on
walk by ziko for the park Kirk out and
about
so here's the recap of the day we woke
up at 6 o'clock we got ready then we had
an hour and a half drive to the airport
then we had a 45-minute layover then we
had a two-hour flight then we had a
two-hour appointment at the trainer then
we are now on a two-hour drive back home
that's a long day I am ready to be home
and see the kids and I'm excited to see
how painting does in the backyard I hope
she like notices that there's a
difference I have she's gonna medal her
nose and then coffee I hope and I should
get this anywhere cuz I just talked to
when they get in grass they don't
business that's when they pee everywhere
you know I hope sure you seen it are you
your good luck daddy coming up honey
okay daddy's going to come in with her
okay sorry hi guys oh good girl baby oh
I missed you jack they missed you I miss
you Oh Kimmy let's go show grandma
grandpa penny does this procedure hi
grandma I'm good
she bought site on our nice warm we show
in the ground she has the right call my
friend my friend
you have grass girl she is just so happy
to be here look at her you happy to be
here hon I am yo penny yeah yeah you
rolling that grass you rolling that girl
yeah roll in the grass
yeah wow you did
whoa you're a crazy biker oh I can see
it on your tire what are you doing you
said okay are you gonna give Grandma and
Grandpa kiss and say thanks for watching
me you're welcome I love you I like you
I love you I see you oh wow Kelvin he is
very grateful for you grandma what yeah
you guys forgot about grandpa welcome
yeah that's grandpa's nose put your
fingers in there put your fingers in
there hey bro I scared Calvin and you
scared me are we ready for bed you made
your bed Wow good job did you do that
while we were gone Oh Jackson that is so
good I'm so proud of you thank you for
doing that are you ready to get into bed
now okay hey bud how are ya good good
did you have fun yeah yes you did
what was your favorite part about being
with Grandma and Grandpa
what was your favorite thing that you
did get a kinda I will grab our skip to
walk over David next one did you put you
played the cards game anyone wow that's
so fun did you
I have lots of sonogram on grandpa Wow
good I'm so glad to hear that buddy
that's so awesome we're so grateful for
Grandma and Grandpa wall
they watched you guys while we were gone
and now we're back and we've got penny
and we have grass and now everything is
over everything is cool and you're part
of the team do you know you're part of
my team
Wow and we're winners walk you say good
night to our friends cool oh good night
good
