in the bright early guys and we are
going to pick like I should be so fine
engine see thank you baby
Oh God
she liked me get to dress up and wear up
and early I get to the airport
everything you know what's funny is we
are we drive longer than supply against
the airport so we're going to drive a
longer time to get to the airport then
we are going to fly to our destination
is up weird no but your silhouette is
beautiful so I see you made it to the
airport and I think we're either really
early or known as on our flight because
no one's here when how much I wanted a
flight takeoff
it's like an hour and a half yeah it was
like look at that that's our flight
right there
no one is here isn't this insane how
mushrooms like you I know maybe we can
operate a first-class that would be fun
many more
so like the Kardashian should be here
something look at all these black
Suburbans
we all have YouTube stickers on them you
just want to check in where do I go and
just like that we are at VidCon and we
are ready for the day
Jared mr. sofel we always were you using
the middle of the shaving and he has
like two seconds lesson is electric
razor ran out of battery like you can go
looking like that there's a cute touch
not there so I traveled with an electric
ranger because it's a lot smaller and I
don't have a blade on and it's just like
Max and it caught me another yeah
luckily the front desk brought some
stuff up but we are getting ready my
Harris curl makeup is on and we look
good yeah ever since I went to my
cousin's web cents party I kind of have
really tried using just that to see if I
really do like it I have to say I really
do today wearing roseberry I think it's
very pretty
a lot better than that news because
you're talking about yesterday like dude
we were going to wear our birthday suits
but I guess you are a lot that's another
story for you later we are some really
cold in exudes income and ties maybe
it's a good thing they were kicked us
out
what to do
we made it inside we are using think of
it right now and there's one boat that
we're looking for in particular and we
will go home happy for the kids we are
trying to find the hot wheels traffic we
are so excited to see that so notice for
the cow in the hot wheel because that's
all about right now I have no idea what
it looks like I found it in Jackson I'm
visible look at this Lucy Liu and maybe
I'll see if we can bring one home look
locally from this Waldo Waldo there he
is look at the racecar track Jackson
look what we found
look at all those Lucy Liu okay dad's
gonna try it
we are here behind the scenes at the
roller creator lounge right so Emily
actually reached out to us you wanted to
picture with us what's cool because like
they're putting like all of this on
right here look at that giant duck right
there they said we could take it home I
bet they are giving the voice video
thanks Emily yeah Emily is like I'd
watch out yeah so it was fun talking to
her and being in the school lounge yeah
so we're locked in
but what kind of issues seriously a
little weird
so Brian as you said the Instagram
lounge is really fun
so we're which is by the way we're
talking about right now hi friends if
you want to see a variable greeting each
other yes go see Brian field is the word
oh yeah I just kind of hoping we get a
cheer from everyone else but everyone
rhettandlink to be in every one of our
videos Wow like a resetted circus we
give you express written permission but
horrible to end us into every one of
your blog's all right I'll get on it
right now
15 seconds later good luck guys nice
seeing ya here for one we're talking
about over Shannon I'm charlie country
music on vinyl we're like a family a
logging channel so we are very like
trying to be really clean and our our
goal is that our kids can watch it
so we're really careful with what stuff
I have once anything that I regret that
being said people still find a way to be
offended by things that we closed you're
still going to get those comments if I
clicked it down right how dare you even
when you're trying your best to just be
like straight at China dad furnace and
water second and like you're going to
get a trouble if you look at it in the
other way so my kids would come first
and my wife and and that's just how I
look at life and I feel like I made
anything different than that it would be
genuine people wouldn't want to watch it
anyway so we are sitting here in the
green room with a Bellinger family and
Rachel from chat book if you guys
remember we did we call them an
integration oh my god and they brought
dr. pepper for me okay forget don't have
cochlear that was nice but we're
actually doing a panel together we're
talking about chat books and the
integration we did on our YouTube
channel
um one of the big reasons why Jared yeah
that's why that's why we're here so we
can talk about that like I feel honored
to be a part of this so thank you guys
for having me this is so cool cheers
yeah dr. beverage Cheers
yeah Jessica actually uses chat books on
a regular basis yeah yeah here's going
onto a panel where they're talking about
working with brands and integrations and
then we just got done with your panels
talking about yeah I was gonna say
sharing too much on the Internet yeah
information on that and kind of the
negativity too so I actually liked
hearing other people's insides of their
spaces yeah Chris had a lot of great
things to say so yeah it's been a good
VidCon for the four hours we've been
have you ever had opportunity or
brand-new like okay this really isn't
working out or you know they just they
go to second yeah I don't want to
sustain too much I think God is we we
get a lot of offers for like lingerie me
and other women are like I do not like
the first thing I move or it doesn't fit
with our town so there are laws you like
I might have a picture book of kids from
other country in their life at 1001
countless and I want to have a book
that's a whole book
and or like a family like a really cool
mother's data and that's when we got
recalled or tender I kid you not this
time so that was a really cool way that
it to me chocolate come on hero - I
guess I'm not a hero 51 yet we go for my
wife
we're going to make your tradition
continue we are at a convention buy you
dinner and every time we go to a
convention just PA - it just happens to
be like I have a kid or I'm starving and
like ready to show a person or you
happen to have food we got a panel or
something imagine remaining resident
alive thank you brings us food so hey
we've got a car hi you're going to come
eat with us or when you're coming with
you is actually how it is we are all
getting ready to go each Jared you did a
really good job it wasn't for guys
thanks for coming in Samantha I
appreciate that really was fun tough
friends they're really cool I think it
was really fun for other people to hear
about how through branding and then how
creators speak and how they can come
together and make it work for both ends
of sharing brands so that was really fun
to watch you Jer alright guys that is it
for VidCon we came here on the last day
and we are done on the last day but stay
tuned because we've got some awesomeness
coming your way very soon thank you guys
so much for watching thank you to all
those who said hello to us it was so
nice to meet you and chat with you guys
I love coming to these conventions
because it's so wonderful to meet all of
you thanks for watching have a wonderful
weekend and we'll see you tomorrow
bye
