come on Calvary no oh sorry he's on the
phone with his girlfriend can we hold on
just for a minute say hello you should
be proud of that one
well good morning guys when you go on a
spontaneous sleepover with your cousins
and you don't have your pajamas and
Elias t-shirt works as a nightgown huh
I kiss up really good they're really
well-behaved kate has to go home soon
now we have a fun day
we're gonna break in the grog wow I
really wanted to wake up and like get
ready today except like I haven't gotten
ready and like a long time my foundation
of my concealer is really really light
so I tried to add as much bronzer as I
said without looking like crisp lines
everywhere I need to get a little darker
foundation but I do feel good I got
ready and I'm this is like my favorite
nude lipstick diamond ring it's the rose
berry lip sense with the first love on
top of it and I think it looks really
good I just don't know how I feel about
you walking around with a nude palette
on a new challenge for walking around
moves like that Ellie it's okay cuz it's
really pretty lit they love it no one's
offended Ellie and I leave probably at 4
in the morning tomorrow to go to VidCon
super excited about that and we've got
some fun stuff happening afterwards too
and then immediately after that we pick
up penny oh my heart is hurting I'm
missing penny so much but there's a
couple things that we need to do today
in order to get ready for her return
coming soon and one of those things now
that we have the grass in it's beautiful
it's gorgeous we walked on it it's
amazing we have lots of dirt like caked
into this ground so we have a pressure
washer and I'm going to get that set up
when a pressure wash this area right
here so it's nice and not dirty for
penny so she doesn't track that in and
we don't track it out and get it all
over the place it's going to be great
I
hello my name is Jared Meachem and I'm
feeling a little loopy right now just
that's crazy you did a lot I was worried
about you
these volume ratio though I think is
almost crazy we just pumped up some
water toys for the kids because we're
having a little barbecue this Friday wow
you guys are already using it that's so
cool good job boys can't go down the
fall crash oh no the slide fell overs
okay whoa oh no this I fell over again
okay guys I think we're gonna have to
wait just a little bit until it's all
the way done okay Ellie blew up that one
over there I blew up this thing right
here in these guys so we're just about
ready we're gonna throw some steaks on
the grill and some fish come on Calvin
run run run in our new grass yeah oh my
gosh this is so awesome
Calvin do you like the grass yeah you
had to think about it for a minute
I don't it's amazing I love it I love
the grass okay who wants to be our
volunteer for the first person down the
slide you you who volunteers as tribute
oh yeah
Olivia oh look Boston says Olivia
volunteers thanks Boston okay let me
turn the water on and we'll keep going
did you get stuck dragon yeah I like how
this doesn't put out too much water
because the grass is still pretty fresh
it's just a little bit of water
so today we are officially breaking in
the backyard everyone's eating on the
steps because they want to sit in the
Sun and everyone's eating their dinner
okay now the party can begin
mom and dad are here yeah yeah and not
only did they come whoo they brought the
fish that we caught yesterday dad has
been smoking us for hours
yeah he had he looked up a recipe that I
had like all the good stuff what is so
funny oh you stop it Elliot we caught
this fish and we're going to eat it okay
and we have some rich crackers and we're
going to use that as like a cracker
topping I guess and everything so we're
really excited but there's one casualty
we'll actually successful people I feel
so terrible oh my gosh they're like
super overcooked turn your mom I'm so
sorry okay I overheard hey guys I'm
still learning
plus I buzzed I was Ryan and I got like
it's the truth where he was like I was
having a one-sided conversation with you
for like four minutes and I had no idea
and then we talked and I got lost I lost
track of time and I say our dinners
ruined now okay
we caught this fish you ready huh good
I'll let you know them a lot I think
you're really good on the tracker
oh yeah the flavor makes everything
amazing some nice smoke flavor to it
what do you think what what tell us you
use oak I'm glad someone thinks I'm
funny yeah not everyday i'm giad alley
hi guys my name is Calvin and while the
water might be nice my my real passion
is with sand I just enjoy a good sand
pit you know a good sandbox is nice you
know sand hill see it's just really
enjoyable I like it very much
here have some yes okay guys here's the
question of the day what do you like
better the slide or the hot tub
hot tub hot tub do you know how long
your mom and I took blowing that thing
up for you guys huh come on guys let's
go read a book
let's go read by our airplanes hmm
come on Calvary no oh sorry he's on the
phone with his girlfriend can we hold on
just for a minute
say hello you should be proud of that
one
oh that's kinky that is a kinky bum in
his book Ranger house forced wrong way
can you try any kind of safe I because
it's lifted
follow me past these snowy hills can you
count all the packing and doing laundry
for yet another trip I always feel like
that's what we end up doing very last is
like laundry baby
Jennifer do we have a flight after four
or we to leave here for you
mm-hmm so we should probably go to bed I
have a student very early flight so we
could only be away a short amount of
time the shortest amount of time
possible so I have been to VidCon you
haven't oh my gosh I have EGS yes be
sure to say hi if you're watching the
video now we are in VidCon so thanks for
watching guys
grandma crap for watching thank you see
you tomorrow show Oh final show grandma
crap all we also buy it here's grandpa
hi grandpa
hi grandma can you mix in so that is our
family and that is our evening thank you
guys for watching and we will see you
tomorrow a bit cold
by
