a secret to fishing you got to become a
one with a fish you have to know their
moons are instinct and we want
cuz I got issues yeah I got issues and
one of those is that I don't know the
worst of this song guys we are on our
way we're driving and we're having a
good morning good morning to you guys
hope you are having a great night back
to the song that we don't know the words
of look at these guys damn so for weeks
Jackson has been begging to go fishing I
don't even know if he knows exactly what
fishing entails but today is a beautiful
day we thought it would be the perfect
day to take the boys position because it
was a really really great spot here
run run where Ellie's parents list where
the fishing is perfect should we go look
for one yeah oh that guy looks familiar
oh look I think I found some right over
here
kid one these look awesome dude there's
Avengers there's buff light here there's
Spider Man Star Wars Captain America
that's a cool one you know that's where
you put all your fish tackle all your
BAE and hooks and all that good stuff
Calvin do you want one too if we're
doing Captain America should we do
spider-man or Iron Man keep the Avengers
Assemble I have the tackle box that's
cool funny kid yeah
pulls up in mom and dad's and lo and
behold it must be a family reunion
everyone is here bow and Emily I'm
Bonnie runs here doing their own things
and none of us do that everyone's coming
over and share you here might as well
sit down have a chat before everyone
says that they were going to do it moms
for three different reasons for I love
that my boys have so many cousins their
age they had no idea they were going to
see their cousins today and then I lost
son boom they saw their cousins
how fun is this so Jackson and Kate
have been playing so good and I heard I
Jackson say you come to my house and
Kate's like okay we could do that but
they knew that they wouldn't go to do
that today and so bone Emily we're
leaving I was like let's just have Kate
come with us and the boys Kate and
Jackson you go fishing together and she
can have a sleepover what are you guys
doing Cockington
you're collecting some stuff and you're
sharing with Kate huh that's okay is
going to come and spend the night with
us and she's going to go fishing with us
so fun our day totally turned out
different than what we thought and I
like love it so and we just got a
fishing pole for Kate Kate has been so
good to share and Emily just came back
to surprise Kate that she has girls oh
she's so happy she has drawn taco oh
that's cute she's gonna put it away so
she can flip she's saying thank you all
guys so cute
member
alright guys we made it to the fishing
hole
the trout farm and we have some special
visitors hi dad hi mom they are here for
the experience and we are going to have
some fun fishing and guess what you're
coming along for the ride - are you guys
excited to go fishing yeah okay guys you
got your fishing poles ready Jackson you
got yours okay you got yours
Calvin you got yours
Oh
you
okay
oh yeah good job Katie yeah haha yeah
cater just a bucket what do you think of
that was that cool was a little kind of
ground including
and you got it cool you did it you go
home let's go get ready to put it in the
bucket can you see there for us okay you
want to put it in okay slippery it's
pre-k Jack calls it in hot daddy don't
you put him in
he dropping in good Jackson did you
catch one yeah
did you catch what hey now look no more
putting your hands in your mouth you
keep it put some officially and like
listen okay everyone is taking quite a
while to guess they'll see if maybe
Calvin I'll get it the first time Kevin
where's the fishes sister independent
thinks he can do it himself gonna
pulling in knowing Hindi will decline oh
oh can you take another put in the water
good girl good I know you always have to
do that growing up I always did that I'm
Calvin your child is trying to catch the
fish that we already caught good job a
secret to fishing you got to become one
with the fish you have to know their
means their instincts
and he won it jumped out and jumped out
Oh
grab him come in no run in the water
lucky man good job y'all man yay fishing
has always been something for our family
to do you and me and especially grandpa
yes yes
I always remember going to our cabin and
going to the Provo River and fishing the
river with Grandpa and this place is
kind of special because this is the last
place that we took grandpa fishing
before he passed I don't think we caught
anything that day
well we fished over in a fly area lie
fishing camp where you catch you release
but still is having those memories and
making those memories of our what's
special and I'm glad to be able to do
this with you in my kids it's special
and I'm glad we could do it here where
we went fishing the last time agreeable
so we caught all of the fish and now
that people actually own this place are
going to clean and fillet the fish so we
can smoke them on the trigger hey guys
do you have a fun night yes we did yes
you did Kate you got a couple too didn't
ya yeah but now we're going to say good
night you guys are watching a little
movie and you're gonna fall asleep huh
yeah okay you say good night to our
friends good night guys what a wonderful
day I can't help but think when when we
were driving home I was telling a lie
does it makes me think of my grandpa and
my dad fishing is such a huge part of
their lives and the adventures that they
would go on and I am so glad to be able
to continue that with my kids like it
was special for me and my grandpa to go
fishing and my dad to go fishing and now
it's special for my kids and me and my
dad to go fishing it just is so cool to
think about that and so because of that
it's been a great day whoo it's been a
great week we've had a lot of fun and it
doesn't stop there in fact you guys
probably didn't notice because we
haven't said anything Ellie and I are
going to be at VidCon only on Saturday I
know it's a very very short time but
we're going to be able to come on
Saturday I am speaking for a panel and
that's pretty much it so yeah look for
us on Saturday we can't wait to see a
lot of you guys there thank you guys so
much for watching the video if you
enjoyed it please give us a thumbs up it
just lets us know that you enjoyed the
video if you're new to this channel hit
that subscribe button we make videos
like this every single day so I'll see
you guys tomorrow thanks for watching
