I am not sending the gauzy let me know
what I'm not going in Agassi what
do I send my little 100 head today is
our very last day - away we're taking
the kids to via little parks just down
the street and Joe and I got ready today
it feels good to get ready
mmm cuz like we haven't got risk my
eyebrows are looking really good they
are feeling really nicely which I'm
happy about to kind of look like a
cheetah the last few days Oh Julie let
me use your makeup again today the
mascara makeup and it is very forgiving
I use it the first time the other day I
was like yeah I like it
and I use it again today and it's very
good especially if you're not used to
like contouring and highlighting it's
very forgiving so easy to blend and
stuff so I like that
let's go to the park you hooligans
what do you think in this part this is
really cute I love this when we are
debating on getting Kelvin his birthday
get the kids summer something for
outside we got that airplane I was
looking at something like this because I
thought it was so cute I think it was
smaller we decided on the airplane
without is cute what the baby seen well
good that's lost on the stuffing let's
go to junk I hope you guys catch a big
one yeah good job come on who's next
he's going to catch another fit for you
to take a fifteen oh my gosh I'm so
excited like every day oh yeah well we
are just getting ready to head out soon
I've been sporting I haven't written any
of the getting ready but we're doing
some laundry getting everything ready to
pack and fishing okay bye you too baby
ready to go I am ready to rock and roll
are you ready yeah look at this cute
picture there we go
look at that cute picture I'm posting it
to my Instagram if you want to see it so
follow me on Instagram if you haven't
here you go Jarrod the amount of
greenery here and the amount of vultures
and Barbra fireflies and what else do we
see hop yeah lots of hawks vultures it
was crazy
every time we're driving I'm like what
is that he's I get the full trip I get
crazy built one of those square whereas
it's beautiful Kansas City in this so
fun to see and my finger and getting out
the door was very hectic with
all the kids I have Jackson keep saying
I want to stay here forever
usually says that every time we need to
cover really fun don't you remember
oh yeah you're just like I never want
I'm having so much fun I never want to
leave here I always thought that was my
husband's like hi let me play all day at
night but I was telling job to us I'm
cold sore brother until me and my
sisters Julie so I want to stay here
forever like she may go back so I had to
explain to Jackson like I used to play
virtually every single day together so I
have very sound of singing Julian I'm
excited to see her again hopefully do
hopefully not too long ago by the meet
maybe she and the family will come down
or something we'll all get together but
Julie thank you for having my family and
Landon having us stay at your house for
several days it was so fun exploring a
little bit of the city but mostly just
hanging out at night
shimmy our faces full of yummy trees you
know talking that's the best part the
old nan fight good see whole Pompeii he
is out like a rock we're tired
our kids have been on a lot of flight
with man and they are mesmerized still
it's fun Jackson was so mesmerized by
the security and the the workers are
laughing and though he loves us like
yeah you know we read in his airplane
book and you know he's been on a lot of
flights so it's fun for him to like be
in the books and then relate so he's
like I remember that from like I
remember the security and then when the
service cart comes around on the
airplane was like strengthens neck magic
yeah but they're cute they love looking
out the window you can't show what I'm
doing on the computer to see um I have
to tell them we're working on some shirt
for summer and they are so - pretty much
I just did not listen to you instead
what I want to do my life story
I'm sorry exactly - I'm excited I'm very
excited I think these ones are going to
be concentrated I want to show you guys
just one of them because if that is of
course he talks to everyone hold file go
back on my home fine I'll go back and
look at the bird Jackson who's that over
there who's that how's it going huh here
you want a little card got the pictures
you're playing on it oh my goodness you
get on the airplane I'll see if I can
find you some wings oh how nice of that
what do you say you're welcome thank you
so much what was that
can you show mommy why he gave you
you love earphones is your going to meet
the pilot not so cool
who was that because I think the
airplane conductor I guess I worked
right say by the time people should honk
at us they don't which means I'm very
grateful for da come on pick two
something airfryer thanks mom
and sherry mama she was like stuck in
the middle of the lane and so we had to
hurry and get in and I you know people
rightfully so kind of honked but they
were really nice and mated so when you
travel whether you are on an airplane or
on a bus a fill-ins kid is crying got
them in the parents issue like no one
should really be upset because cry or
whatnot maybe annoy about that you get
when you go like in public you know I
might appall I'm frustrated phone it's
not crazy big job I'm just like why do
people have to do that like it ruins it
so we just got the kid and the kids they
hardly ever cry when we're on the place
and they didn't just say to Kramer
perfect on them because they have done
it so much that they're used to it and
they like it and so we just got the kids
in the stroller and I was sitting
outside waiting to cross the street and
there's a huge group biting me on the
right waiting to get on the bus and
there's cars passing so we have to wait
and I have my double stroller which is
big but there still is enough space for
people to go behind me around and go out
and this older lady walks by looks at me
look says no not me chokes in my
stroller rolled your eyes and walks
around me and I was like did anyone see
that did anyone see that and the group
next to me a few other ladies looked at
me and went it was like it's not my
fault my kids are not screaming I'm
sitting I'm doing a good job it makes me
mad takes mama Griffis off you're
standing on the sidewalk you have every
right to be there you're waiting for the
street to cross I just was like my kids
were being even good too but it's okay
the cute people on the plane all
look at the kids and that makes my day
when other people acknowledge the kids
you know like there was a man behind us
and he was like are you guys excited to
go on the plane why do people have to
give you a nasty one you know I bet
they're really fun at parties
probably the fun people a party yeah I
don't know just made me frustrated
that's all you get you know I am NOT
them in the gossip living oh I'm not
gonna go see you're crazy what where
would you have a get that impression I
am sitting here in the van driving like
a responsible crazy
you better get out of the car seat
because that's for babies or all people
I guess a lot of experience you'll
decide people for it what do you want we
don't really in our house we will return
we need to grab some nice to keep on you
know as funny as I won't go here in
years both those pregnancies I always
crave their mashed potatoes and babies
yeah yeah I'm not craving mass transit
right now but I'm going to get them
I was are good the little popcorn should
continue yeah for a chance T if you
didn't notice so bright out here but it
feels so good to be home kinder back to
their use riding their bike that's the
first thing Jackson wanted to do when he
homies like to say goodbye like yeah
burn a few more minutes often and we'll
go to bed now waste a little more energy
exhibit wrath is so green and it's like
all connected now whereas we left like
it was airline the landscaper said here
and he'll come look at again tomorrow we
get penny back on Monday I cannot wait
to get penny met you miss her like crazy
we've seen lots of videos of her
pictures of her every time we get one of
those the pictures or the videos it's
just like it's so good to see her it
just so bittersweet you know yeah she'll
be some Monday for sure she'll be able
to walk and run on the grass
and miss her we've got to get a
lawnmower
I know got a modus next week yep in a
week what kind of mom or should I get
should we get a writing one no the
really cool one that I saw it Lowe's
that one that I researched oh I think we
thank you that you're researching that
Vermeer like fun yeah okay one look I
know you guys are anxious like we are
maybe or not but we are we want to show
it off a little bit boys come here I
want to show you something so cool look
watch me in real you know what this is
what is it yes Lake oh is that so cool
yeah
that's so good and mommy mommy not it's
turquoise I don't know where you're
seeing that but this is a picture of me
this has been made it in Calvin and this
is you Jackson and guess what this card
says the people who make Legos like oh I
know if you learn the comments are going
to say goes it's half of the plural of
Lego toys Lego okay anyway what we have
got a fact
yes exactly right Jackson they said on
this card that they made this just for
us and that there's a spot that we need
to fill in ute KGC those we need to find
the colors and we need to put them in
here so this picture is complete come
you know I can um that is cute of them I
saw that they made one for Brandon to
see Sam Jenica this is for anyone else
that we can for that so Snyder's houses
all unbelievably cute right there
like that's a big deal huge like they've
never worked with Legos before hands is
it I know
and we went to lego man I know I feel so
special
yeah this is like a very unique Father's
Day yes I'm seeing this on my wall well
Anne like I just remember growing up and
you're the same way I'm sure your
brothers would get Legos or you get
Legos one year I feel like a Titanic
Lego set which is really cool I know my
brother did Legos all the time puts
really cool so let's find the colors and
match them and we'll put them on
together okay what color is done you can
you my own perfect right there
you match one of the yellow so you can
you put one uh you went right to it
all right now at Cal you take over here
this quickly okay right here Calvin you
see right here can you put it right
there there's no clues yeah perfect just
push it in Ricker Calvin music this is
so cute
can't you pick one yeah how are you okay
tired are you tired a lot of work on
building a masterpiece
oh come on song oh good we can do this
okay
you're gonna take them all okay now
let's come back and we'll look at it I
know like really special I do too that
is so cool thank you Lego this is
amazing can you say thanks to Lego we
hang it up yeah we do hey you can call
it what if we get that moral to put it
right there on that wall I like feel so
like a nerd oh yeah so cool and that's a
dog well the what a wonderful way to end
our evening don't you think yeah what a
pleasant surprise
so we're going to get these kids to bed
thank you guys so much for watching our
video today if you enjoyed it please
give it a thumbs up
and we will see you guys tomorrow thanks
for watching
Oh crash bang boom can you say bye you
say bye
you look like give daddy kiss goodnight
hmm goodnight bye
