I'm not doing this magic face he's not
careful okay I knew it I was going to
happen
good morning guys that we are ready to
take the kids out somewhere some merry
fun today just like we did yesterday
mister could you just get in the Oreos
well we are packing up lunch I made a
bunch of sandwiches and ham sandwiches
for everybody this is what we did
yesterday I really like Julie's cooler
her in-laws gave her like a little one
for like she goes to the park to she has
like some sandwiches and drinks I'm
trying to think if I have anything like
this at home I think I don't have
anything that like keeps it like this
temperature cold but it was really nice
yesterday like we start drink from
somewhere it stayed cold all day but
usually when like I go to the park with
the kids adjust or everything in my bag
and it doesn't bother me that it's like
all warm by you know commune or
something but it was kind of nice so you
have something that makes everything
cold we need to get our shoes on we have
sandwiches we're going to bring some
bananas and put this away and of course
maybe like Oreos or licorice pour so fun
I love this I feel occasionally I want
to go home and go to a huge grocery
shopping trip and like get like string
cheese like everything for sandwiches
and juice boxes and you know that way we
have like stuff on hand to just grab
them take a nap every day yes good
morning guys good morning Calvin good
morning Jackson
good morning drew crew how are you guys
good ok we have something fun and
exciting planned for today that's right
we're going to Legoland today but before
we do that we've got to get dressed and
we've got to get ready
ok Jackson will you hurry we just hurry
and put this underwear on real quick
just put just go ahead and put yosher is
Jackson go ahead and try and put it on
no it's not too big go ahead and try it
on do you want me to wear some underwear
Cooper one leg in there oh my goodness
I'm liking that good I just and just
daddy that's my fault sorry we're going
to share the underwear hey there you go
please let me on - don't have any
accidents yes I said this never happened
to me and I don't condone it whatsoever
unless it's your own child for amusement
and just laughing giggles my better the
Sandman through my family is here in the
back and we are going to have a heart
attack
not literally it's like a figurative
thing because we're going to have such a
fun time in the back of the van we got
my fam we are going to Legoland and
excited to go today because Julie said
that they have a Crayola store so
negative that would Cleo
now that would be really fun to go on
tation said they have a really cute shop
above that places like excuse kids
clothing store refurbish you go out and
about I saw they have a racetrack here
so that might be pretty cool for Jack
okay guys you ready here we go right
ahead
that's the flip school of you can run
train
all right guys we got to shoot the bad
guys you wanted technically sure the bad
guys here they are you Tom
Jax and I just built this car and we're
about to go race down the track how do
you think it'll do it'll jump Kay let's
go do it here let's put it right here
like that there you go okay now push the
button go there we go whoa Jackson
that's a good one I think we should try
a better track on your mark get set go
whoa press everywhere we made it though
we made the jump you want to build
another car they're going to be fast
they're gonna be strong and did daddy
help you okay let's see how fast it goes
no you built this one all by yourself
didn't - yeah you put these four tires
together on the actual the only thing
daddy did was put some sauce on it so
the wheels don't fall off - we will try
in your vacuum element
this is his heaven right this is what
Haven Calvin loves to do is race cars
and you have a big ramp okay go
he bought cars this is his favorite hey
thank you did you have fun at Legoland
yeah did you have fun at Legoland
yeah what was your favorite part going
on the Lego right that was fun did you
guys have fun yeah your favorite thing
was everything everything so we just
finish something Lego in and now we're
coming a nice little look the train was
so fun huh you stay outside for we are
trying to squeeze in as much as we can
with five kids and we are going to the
coop musi are the glass maze I really
want to do and on our way out Jared saw
a cupcake store raw cakes and he picked
up a bunch of cupcakes for us Rios in
the shade and he is some cupcakes
and mr. Calvary Naz asleep such a sweet
little baby boy all the kids are pretty
happy my face right here oh pretty that
is
oh he's in there he's in there he's in
there so he can hold am NOT doing this
magic thing he's not your fault
good job okay I'll go get him okay yeah
I knew that was gonna happen this is why
I wanna come here is because one of
Julie's videos was so funny hey we're in
this glass made and it is so funny to
watch people walk through it because
they totally always like smack their
faces so fast
yo hey Jackson Oh Wayne wonderful hey
Jackson remember when we said don't run
in and then you didn't fist it and oh
Jackson come on Jackson okay we're going
this way he's sorry I'm laughing I know
it's painful but it's so funny hey we're
all here you need to wait okay go
Jackson just straight ahead to the grass
oh darling
doing so good you do that on purpose
oh oh oh how do we get out this mic okay
show us the way
that was really fun you got your - that
one was real one you can silly so
apprehensive Nexen see you bought so it
goes well if you want to have a good
time take your kids to the Glassman
seriously or if you want to go to the ER
that was a real one you okay yeah
Marja put your hand out first they don't
hit them with your face jigna you did it
Jackson we forgot rule number one please
move it slowly
you cannot pop in my head
good I'm proud of you let's go play what
is this amazing spectacle I see you guys
are seriously all sitting eating dinner
quietly
you guys are a parent's dream come true
do you know that yeah yeah we all of us
is right yeah oh my goodness that is so
silly we are hanging out at the J time
where we're here with Jeremy and Kendra
from Jane house water murders having
some dinner together in this month a
Minsky's pizza right Yes Minister Pizza
the Kansas City gourmet pizza thing yeah
so I've got chicken and potatoes and a
Philly cheesesteak
yes yeah yeah surprising I know right
like boy oh yeah
Calvin where's the baby can you show me
where's the baby wow she's beautiful
he's a baby with the baby she's so
pretty sleep in don't loss sister or no
brother he's like I don't know I want
the Roasterie Rose cream I'll give you a
bite your baby beautiful very beautiful
we took Calvin to go look at gulps
yesterday and he was like the most
tender thing ever
so I used to kind of worried about Robyn
like with the baby because that he is
kind of like cleany the Jared knife but
he always does really good with other
babies and so just do that
hey give mama kisses hey hey Calvin
where's mom you see praising you and me
mom during the whole IVF grant process
it was a ton of work and we had so many
people helping us but I don't think I
ever mentioned and I don't think that
you guys ever heard that this guy right
here
Jeremy probably helped the most oh and
and and no I'm pretty serious and made
probably the biggest impact I told you
there was a bunch of legal stuff that we
went through I'm not a lawyer I don't be
getting legalese but Jeremy knows a
thing or two about this kind of stuff
and he was up for hours and hours
working with us and helping with us to
make everything possible to make sure
that we were doing everything by the law
correct so well thank you for that for
doing it it was an inspiration to be a
part of it you know Kendra and I
struggled with infertility for a couple
years and it was touching to help out so
thanks for doing it oh my god thank you
there's so many people like who want to
thank you and so I want to I want to
make sure that we had this opportunity
together so thank you for doing that
it was an honor that's Jeremy from Jason
I'm so fun to hang out when we were
considering vlogging we were watching
Ellie and Jared back
they were doing handstand it's really
fun to actually get thing out of it very
clean a fan moment you know and well
it's also cool like our kids are very
similar in age and Laura and Jackson are
just went downstairs are not really fun
what we're going to do we're going to
have fun we're going to play it's going
to be great thanks for having us over
though a lot of fun it was a lot but
you're probably you're probably like get
your kids out of here no I've never done
the rain test for how many babies in the
gender you have Oh Julie hasn't so far
it's correct so we're at I really just
was like yeah what's your pattern like
99% activated so we we've never done
this before we did a ring test to find
out the gender of the baby bird with
Jackson that was like an old what about
here yeah it was kind of it was I don't
think that's one of the ones that work
this is two boys I know it's really all
of you like our harsh on you get your
ring in your piece of hair you trace
your fingers and then you put it about
your wrist now should we be doing this
at three and what such offenders
absolutely feel like you're going really
fast sure I'm trying okay that's the
circle of the boy we're one for one
that's your body telling you that's
another circle if you have damage to
little boys this tell oh my gosh if it
changes I'm going to freak out a little
bit I'm not going to lie another
we're having a family of boys huh okay
Julie's going to try and see if hers is
the same a whoa that's back and forth
for sure no that's a girl
what the heck circle that's a freaking
circle what there's no way
so now it needs to be another circle get
out of here get out of my brain I don't
have a boy sighs are you doing something
to it why not
my fingers are holding very UK I know
try it one more time Brett okay try it
again this is 100 percent accurate
you saw how she did it now let's try it
again that's a boy right oh yeah that's
a lion that's a girl come now I'm
second-guessing everything I believed it
but now I'm kind of like tonight this is
what happened here's my listen I don't
know made it to dr. pepper
maybe the dr. pepper well guys um so it
was interesting if we're all boys that
would be fine too yeah we'd be totally
fine with that our boys have been having
so much fun together our kids have been
having fun together don't you think I
love having my kids to your kids
the sooner ah so cute no time toddlers
yeah so okay so much for watching
it's been so fun being huh well thank
you for coming very good Susan well see
you guys in the morning
maybe not Landon oh yeah okay thank you
guys for watching and we'll see you
tomorrow
bye
