I don't good stories I'm not gonna lie
on your torso look Calvin don't you it's
always fun waking up at your sister's
house did you know you're gonna do your
makeup together I've been waiting so
long to try this make up the mascara
makeup so when I came to Julie's I
didn't talk to anything looking those
others I haven't from you to begin with
Julie has had mascara and makeup for a
while and she likes it but they live in
a very humid state she says she feels
it's kind of just a cream base makeup so
just kind of like creases a little bit
more petal sweaty outfit all I want to
try out and wanting to try it
technically you can use the foundation
even under your eyes I totally am not
because it's like that will be a hot
mess then you have your contour your
blush your highlight so I'm going to go
ahead and try and do this basis and see
how I like it
my eyebrows today if you guys didn't
know if anyone's new watching my did
micro bleeding so it's kind of just
peeling off now so when I roll looks
really funky and when I roll looks
pretty normal still so we're getting
there hopefully soon it'll be like all
back to normal
let's get started so I think it's a
little light for me but it'll work so
you do my computer first
this concealer does not crease at all
this is the tart tart so you just put a
little on your faces and blend it out
with your brushes it's super thick like
the whole like a because it supposedly
is to not layer select the two
foundation your brush you're going to a
bronzer or whatever like you just like
put it in the spot that it goes to place
ad for the contour you don't put
anything underneath it so you're like a
layers of makeup on
okay I should have known that you don't
have to really layer it but that still
kind of is weird to me you know okay and
they take the contour this is weird it's
such a different feel I'm barely even
touching it
I think like quick and easy I get quite
honestly without happens to be quick and
easy it really is
fast Kate blush we use for blush um I
just use aggressive brushes I think you
could you've been run by cheaper futures
I like it do you it looks very light
okay well I need to get my mascara on
but definitely face looks like it's
pretty soft so I go okay I do not know
you look good because nigga that's the
morning sister routine for an hour okay
Louis you're in it and I just take a
left over my brow gel and just like go
very so lightly on the very top like
baby fine hairs to comb them down a
little bit mark I should have your
credit or to add me forget-me-nots
because I feel your talk thank you whoa
looks like we're doing a little cleanup
playing a little bit clean up clean up
and then play happy Father's Day thank
you thank you so much this is fun huh
yeah it's going to be a great day I'm a
little excited about this Hot Wheels
ramp that you guys are created let's see
it Oh crash bang boom explosion so we
have a change from the stairs to
something up on the wall and this is our
track now maximum speed that was a front
flip Julie go for it ah that was cool
but huh okay I think grandpa has a world
record so far let's be a grandpa why are
you screeching Oh
driving on the road translates to
driving on the track I'm just joking
music you drive
yeah can you go the Happy Father's Day
today yeah oh thank you
is this pitches from us it's something
small you can look at it now I'll tell
you where I got it
Wow oh that's so cool it's just a wooden
pen yeah it's from Hawaii
is it cold I don't know but we can
pretend thank you that's really nice
coal wood this is awesome
a rock on this will look so good on the
office - well my I figured I got you get
you some stuff for you thank you a
letter opener does this mean you want me
to do the bills yeah and that she says
whatever business card holders whenever
yeah this coal wood okay okay yeah so
whenever we go to like conventions or
anything to provide businesses or
where's your card and like I don't know
well discuss Ellie there they always not
for me for our card but and then they
always give us their card so I have tons
of cards no place to put them and I
don't have any of my own yes I thought
that would be nice Ellie this is awesome
and look at the wood how nice it looks
yeah that gold is so awesome so I've had
a sense January just got in Hawaii yeah
oh my god oh hey where have you hid it
in my jammy jars
howdy Father's Day thank you so much
mama I think that they looked pretty
nice no my office is like an actual
office yeah
you
this beautiful area that we are at is a
historical site for our church called
Adam on diamonds and we're just having a
little break from our walk like I do we
do stuff like this is my parents it's
like we don't remember the bow like the
hot red dragon kids up and down but this
is what they love is just yeah this is
what they're going to remember and then
the parents are going to remember like
Oh getting the kids here let's let's get
them let's hurry we're getting sweaty
come on mom and dad have traveled and
have seen a lot of their kids as lucky
they're heading home we've had a
wonderful Father's Day kids are eating
up some grab some dinner and the boys
actually went to grab just a few things
for our dinner julie has made some sweet
pork taco pork so Jenny we're going to
have some stuff us tonight before bed
I'm trying to have the kids do learn
learn dance move for me because I know
how to dance and to get some energy out
so I did a dance move and I do your
dancing now beautiful and elegant like
always
kay Jack's your turn to do your dance
move is a rocker I don't think your date
was like that at prom at all and this
was my dance move going back to point
that's about all I God you have any here
oh yeah yeah believe me try that's fun
Oh show us your dance move before bed
losers we just got back from the grocery
store and we have a fun time while we
were there did you get the ice cream
then you succeeded hey we got some good
ice cream for you guys okay daddy
we have had a good day we've had enjoyed
being with family the kids have been so
good today they got an extra special
treat before bed because they were
really good Jackson today is Father's
Day what is one thing you love about
daddy
hockey's grandma I mean the garden okay
why does daddy do at bedtime that makes
you happy since daddy tell you story
Wow yeah daddy's really good to you at
night when you put you to bed huh
I don't good stories I'm not gonna lie
I'm sorry so uh Calvin don't you look I
want to tell you boy something you two
made me a father did you guys know that
I love you so much
and I'm so grateful for both of you and
I hope one day I love you how much I
love you and I just say that I have to
know what happy Father's Day
thanks honey okay in this bag I have
something very fun that we got at the
moon marble company yesterday and I saw
it and it's not a marble run believe it
or not it has nothing to do with market
I love this and I was like this might be
funny to try and do I thought we could
come up with a fun challenge with this
so I got two of the world's largest
Underpants
well okay then they're $24 yes margin so
we're going to do a challenge about me
Oh - gorgeous you Thunder bitch turn in
the round
we're going to pair up it's going to be
you two against us - and each of us is
going to be in one leg and we are going
to run in the same pattern that you
normally would have run but we're going
to hop so one leg is going to go this
way and then the next person goes back
by the you are one leg up so if you're
one body and we're doing backwards oh
yeah like that
but we're going to go we're going to run
forward and we're going to go to that
line there and back and the first person
to the first couple or the first pair of
giant underwear back is the winner
it says size 100 and they're very
stretchy
they're very stretchy now remember you
have to alternate legs okay and you guys
jump at the same time be cute this
qualifies okay now let's make sure we're
right side front so want to have your
underwear on backwards on your part
on your mark
Oh
hi photo-finish you won you guys did
polenta clear the hair that's tiring
this is okay should we switch it up and
do couple yes yeah nice okay
I think you I just dated you got out
everything you have to do it like the
laser is not very hard Turkey on your
mark get set go
we all stand that the work out yeah
Jessica sure we all stand in one it's
good time room in there for me really
good let's go back a little bit
yep nice actually let's go for it and we
got to lower the tripod a little bit
know what I can run right try to analyse
yes we got four people in the pan where
do we rip rotation so embarrassing well
we just ripped her underwear guys and
everyone just thought oh she stained it
already this is a brand new hair Ellie I
understand diarrhea so I guess that's
the world's largest giant underwear
challenge we are taking these washing
them and saving them you just never know
you know Ellie said that she liked this
kind of underwear when she had a baby
maybe we could use it I like it because
it depends Fortran suit it's the people
the people we've been through the people
happy Father's Day the latest fashion
think about all the things you can do to
be like toga party toga party yoga party
and then you've also got a really hold
this size lingsha we shot the film
by using underwear to sleep I sleep
something song ready there you go whoa
that was great the possibilities are
endless with the world's giant pair of
underwear oh I like him when what you
can do it's like as a despot survival
technique you can use this as a
filtration system giving dirty water
you're trying to get some of your bugs
some of your dirt something real quick
out of the water safe drinking water
that's a secret route well double area
right here ID in the front double filter
okay now explain what's going on here oh
I just did like a two-hour process where
I was very fine we only her hair is blue
why would you do that
it puzzled me so I can actually yell up
there's no purple in there whatsoever I
have no idea what you're talking about
it's good it was really good good
excited to give Julie a really fresh
haircut a few inches off at some simple
feathery light layers no can you give me
like tip reach so I'm like a Backstreet
Boys video Garrett there oh my gosh yeah
it wasn't really really know anymore
such a good do whatever you want to talk
about that anymore because my hair is
gray man it's like really pronounced
today isn't it was like really great
white I was looking at another pants
friend in my hair like really great
outside a salt-and-pepper nonage
experience and there you have it looks
so nice open blender
not really brightened you up I had my
hair trimmed no guys it is late at night
and I am working on the video you
already know this but here is the
thumbnail I thought that was hilarious I
thought it was funny we laugh so hard it
was silly we're being silly fun night it
was a fun night so we are going to call
it a night thank you guys so much for
watching the video happy Father's Day to
all of those wonderful father's out
there we'll see you guys tomorrow on
another exciting day if you enjoyed this
video give a thumbs up if you're new to
this channel at that subscribe button
see you tomorrow
