you're a good driver I like that
subscribe I'm not your dad we also
maketh intercession hey Julien Landon
are getting ready for their triathlon
she's starting in the water swimming
over there Oliver over there over over
here getting on a bike running doing all
your coughing good luck good luck
come on Jules you got this Wow
yeah Landon keep it off keep breathing
your mommy just swim so far that makes
me teary-eyed the kids are being great
as we are at each station waiting for
everyone to come in mom says she got
teary eyed with chilly I did too a
little more material I'll complete the
ugly cry
Oh
one of the big reasons why we came out
to see Julie is because the Jillian
Lana's have been pouring their hearts
and working so hard into this triathlon
so we came to support them it was funny
because a long time is like a headcount
counting all because it said it was also
so fun to see a Julie on that it's
really good friends do it as well so
like they kind of did is a couple what
was really fun to be there with that
we're heading somewhere very fun
something that I think Jackson is going
to absolutely love it's a marble factory
and you can watch them make them they
like blows blast and it's really cool
we're going there I'm pretty sure we're
going to have to get some souvenirs kids
are asleep yes is that important please
look at Kelvin space for you see an old
man there I want to give you guys also a
little update on my eyebrows and if you
look really close you can see so there's
like a little patch here and they have
to end it's like a little patch there I
guess mine are taking all apart a while
to heal they're kind of flaking off
scouts are flaking off so that's where
it lightens up so you can see a little
light spot right there and the light
spot right here here when everything's
flaked off and they completely heal not
pigma under my skin will kind of go to
the surface and it'll see a really good
solid color okay oh oh and Jared's
update as I find they got a wax pot and
I waxes unibrow yeah I now have two
eyebrows guys I don't have one Brown I
am - I thank you thank you very much
okay Jackson where are we
we're at the Marvel store Jackson look
at this over here look at all these
marbles these are the big marble guys
this is perfect
see those are called toe breakers that's
exactly what I'll do Oh hahaha you
remember grandma when she gave you those
knee balls and then you place her marble
on her house this is where she got it
and they make those so we're going to
watch them make one
do you want to be a marble maker you
throw up you don't a lot of hard work
huh
you see a marble vehicle
okay sir
that store was so cute we have so many
good ideas for the future for birthdays
and Christmas but you guys had to get
something small so what is oh wow
Jackson got marbles and all Calvin
wanted was a room and Jackson for a very
long time has been asking for a marble
run and marbles and today you got
marbles huh Wow
can I see what they look like you got a
small big and biggest those look really
nice I bet you're going to have a lot of
fun with those dad you got something
very cool that will do a little bit
later I think not today maybe tomorrow
but if not tomorrow definitely the next
day yes you're going to love it
please stay tuned because I think it
will be hilarious hi cow can you find in
all the toys everyone's doing quiet and
right now like watching a movie or
taking naps and Calvin found Emma's room
near one to just go off and play huh
where's your room room oh oh in the tub
cute well this is the coolest playroom
they have a cool swing this is where
Jared and I are sleeping and the kids
will sleep over here on the air mattress
and we've been down here quite a bit
today I just realized this it says
welcome Ellie and Jared Jackson Calvin
so cute we're getting ready to play the
I have never game according to Julie
links really it is called I have never
never I never have I ever we're going to
play with mom dad Jillian Landon we
asked you guys ask us some questions on
Twitter so Jerry's gonna go to Twitter
and we would play a game I've ever
played this game actually first question
how did you guys ever played never have
I ever
and then I have first real question
never have I ever snuck out of the house
when you were younger
as a kid what's a-- remember in the
rental house it was brewing next to the
corner 44 stormy and Goenka like
popsicles at lightness on coke at night
it was probably more like 8 o'clock at
night pretty much what I did whenever
the cousins spend the night on the tramp
we'd like walk to 7-eleven Oh Korean
classical you didn't like sneak out and
go to the party year I know a boyfriend
or girlfriend or AJ I know how I have
with her story
oh just as a teenager you know go out
the bedroom window out to a community
dance and there's a nightclub where I
grew up
what um I really think whoa see ing oh
yeah
Oh team like teenagers nowadays club mom
what's your story I'm gonna hop down the
John Deere you know in the John Deere I
did I snuck off and I rode on the
tractor is my boyfriend oh oh no no we
didn't do that oh never have I ever
thought I'd drive better than my spouse
oh I'm trying to figure this out do you
think you're better driver than Jeff
often yeah the other thing that our
safety charge is not something either
but I guess I'm answering for you
because I think I'm a good driver no no
I think you're a better driver than all
your savings are good I usually don't
fear for my life
you're a good driver I like that
subscribe I'm not your dad we also like
to make my internship never have I ever
skipped class or school
I have enough are we coming language no
no in high school and that was where it
was was at school and in class there's
nothing else yeah there's nothing else
I've never skipped school high school
and younger and college I skipped
classes a long time but like high school
and younger I never I never I don't
think I really went too much school iris
just classes with Bonnie we make it as a
Mother's Day present
oh no never have I ever lost my kid in a
store if you have a three-year-old
emption Hammond have you ever had two
here's a better one have you ever had to
use the intercom to call your kid like
at the store
no but I have a few times that all I
miscounted had to like look for him with
me because I don't want too much time to
pass when I was a kid I had the intercom
called on me and carpet when I was 10 we
went to the ex-cop center and I got lost
there and I thought I was like oh I know
we have a white rental van so I started
walking the park now real white man and
the house that's it oh no that's it not
finally they found me gave me ice cream
Jaffar stickers I want to get a house
off the bed never have I ever been in
handcuffs for any reason whoa I'm
nervous about what dad's good trick I
have and they're like the toy lines that
we play with this kid I was arrested my
senior year in high school for armed
robbery
what because those guns were just too
young no that was Halloween night and
meet my friends were all out
trick-or-treating we're finishing up and
we just left all the girl out of the
garbage on our second Canyon my backyard
we jumped over our little fence and
we're running away from our house the
cops pulled us over they pushed up
against the cop car whoa pad just down
and my friend had switchblade Oh
whiffing and we happen to fit the
description of three teenagers that had
a switchblade knife that was taking kids
candy out how do I not take an idea it
was a mistake so they they have cuff
doesn't put us in the cop car
yeah and my friend we were halfway there
he helped to do this I thought I said
shut up and keep your hands behind your
back like bet you didn't think of the
magician never have I ever snuck into a
movie at the movie theaters Oh
when bond-buying I went to a movie one
time and we left the theater and there
went to another movie and unless that
movie went to another student I came
home like I will never not because the
body however don't I open to nerve maybe
I did that one but not for the whole
I've walked in on accident to the road
guys we've never have I ever used
someone else's toothbrush I know there
are you just asking this because
literally Sandra had more never has it
in the morning no I haven't introduced
brochure and I did not want blue is
actually nice especially and then I
never know oh I thought never have I
ever had a close brush with death I mean
I've never been in a car accident or
failed I had been out hunting ducks that
had pellets rained down on top of me but
never angsting life-threatening I was
swimming at my buddy's house he had an
above-ground pool there's a ladder going
up and then a letter going down and what
we would do is we'd swim in between the
rungs in the ladder and I got stuck
under the water in between those things
and I could move I don't even know how
long I was under there I kid you not
someone helped me out and my buddy was
on the other side of the pool it was
just us two probably a dumb thing to
just be swim enough for us sorry but
yeah yeah I got out and you don't know
there how are you probably ten never
have I ever kissed someone without
knowing their names I don't think I've
kissed a new another I mean on their dam
oh good yeah
that's like the most risque question is
like that's about it guys never have I
ever cheated on a test oh my gosh I
remember the only time that I really
remember and then 5th grade we have the
state and capital was tasked I remember
the states in their capital so we have
the Cubbies underneath our desk so I
wrote them all down and put them in
their waiting bag write them down and my
teacher came up to me she grabbed it out
she's like you can stand in recess and
try this again I write on all your
parents
oh that was not a good hand all the work
supercalifragilistic expialidocious and
I felt it on my desk IQ did the Builder
wrong so my kids are really feeding them
we have it I don't think they used to
use mimeograph linked at Wikipedians
yes precursor to Xerox machines they may
we found the copy of a driver's ed test
in the garbage can took that out and
shared it with all my friends studied up
for the test had all memorized somehow
the teacher must have realized that
little copy was was gone
but anyway he'd changed up the questions
and so I finished up the task in like 5
min ok so I have my another hearing
minutes to go through and I started
redoing a that's not right that's not
right it's driver's ed you know the most
was common sense that you I would
thank you and erase them all and went
back and just did the test and and I got
a heard % Oh
and so all my friends gonna cut off yeah
and I got called in because the teacher
could see it right he says well Chad I
have to give you credit because you're
at least smart enough to go back and
reread yeah we were awful you alter like
hey this house the ball I was going to
say if you feel that driver says I know
why you're square
that's the worst we've ever done yeah
that's not bad a little bit I think it's
funny
oh I think that's going to be it for
most tonight guys thank you so much for
watching the video made if you enjoyed
it give a thumbs up if you're new to
this channel hit that subscribe button
and we will see you guys tomorrow mom
happy father I see days hi
