Hey
activists talking to Calvin's about how
excited he is to go on the every lane
which is funny because out of all the
fights that Jack has been on I think
you've been on 45:31 I don't know maybe
that's a long ride back not only to I've
been at least 30 life yeah but for some
reason today for about an hour he
developed this intense fear of airplanes
and did not want to go on an airplane at
all but now he's so excited okay she is
talking to come in here and start
talking he goes I'm talking to count oh
my god so sorry to interrupt the
conversation but we're here at the
airport and we're excited to call it an
airplane you excited mr. nose-picker
you excited yes I good yeah doing what
we do best at the airport looking at all
the planes watching them load the
luggage both the boys we've got a sucker
for the plane and I told them they
couldn't eat it until they got on it and
they're doing great holding it joshan
that sucker you got yeah cool effects
yes what did you get cal you show me
we've got a cake at kind of Kit Kat
factor and you're doing good at not
trying to eat it yet mom a drag that
your son he can get tomatoes on the
plane so you're going to give us an hour
away
you excited Bunch
you guys ready to rock you excited say
way that Jesus Puckerman is so good this
is good did you get your order
you want more order did you get chipped
everyone else got some but you I am here
you are it's hot and humid we are here
to see Julie and the kids and also just
fortunately Atlanta because they are
going on a triathlon and we're really
excited oh this goes so we got here and
we're all like talking up racing up to
get to the hotel that kids are going to
swim to the chickens and Brian early
you're going to be on the road I know
yay for family support haiku I'm excited
to be here and like last time we were
here it was only like two days and we
didn't really get to like go out I like
to do like activities like we just came
and try and pampered you so say there's
a lot of fun to you to do Missouri so we
will have to show them around town hi
mr. Porter Porter is only a month older
than Calvin Calvin snoozin right now
here's my kid oh we're excited to both
swim and then you bring us some dinner
if I called it there's no telling how
far I'll go we are where we've got a van
full of awesome kids we're listening to
some awesome ljubljana and it's going to
be a freaking is good to be licensed
when it's heavy - very good
getting everybody seized and like gotta
go it's hot here I definitely want like
he caught my hair off that was so so
good it feels good here I like it behind
- what are you most excited for serving
in the hotel Kelly I don't think we're
in Missouri anymore cuz for in Kansas
photo
haha we just we just press second we
just prep the border now our campus okay
guys here's the deal here's the deal we
just got into the hotel room okay we
have to do some things when we first get
into the hotel room Jackson what's the
first thing we have to do when we get
into the hotel room and it's not
swimming that's a short answer it's not
swimming you want to know what it is
excuse me what is going on in here in
here okay okay come on I am closing our
headquarters we went on deck 10 good
woman okay there's too many kids in a
classroom
come on penny three everyone squished
everyone squeeze in the bathroom closet
guys close the door
okay every day here we go here any
nausea Burt what - whoa you see that
guys oh hi not yet it's crawling in the
dark guys that's so cool honey did you
guys see a glow yeah yeah and then I
better what do you have what I want now
oh you want to keep that one oh oh
that's nice
okay are we all ready to go guys are you
all ready for the pool okay is everyone
holding hands and ready to go okay hold
hands so watch your holds hands nope
Jackson Clarke Oh Jackson Clarke hold
Cooper's hands everyone hold hands okay
so whether I am doing this by ourselves
a journey or whether I should go like on
family outings this is kind of like
hurting ass and this is like what we do
seriously when I got them out of the van
I was like okay everyone stand and sit
your bum on the curb and hold hand got
them all out of the car cake hold hands
always go outside that way you might
keep them together that's what we do was
like we go like like maybe shopping with
I call me my sister's I said okay
everyone holds hands
so think what we're doing you know so
that way at least were like kind of calm
all kids are great and it keeps at least
two of them together yeah if one runs
off for those with them you know you get
to there yes you guys have been so good
on the drive here are we all excited
yeah yeah okay
upp 100-person shivering I know it's
called
yeah guess what they have pizza
ever gone on you
little guys no is it from us to you I
hope you have a wonderful weekend we
have a good weekend ahead with being a
family and I think that's it the only
pair of shoes I brought this week I
don't know where they went and I've been
looking so I can't find them so I need
to find that um we'll see you guys
tomorrow bye
