the kids took it upon themselves to go
sit by each other and watch the cars go
by there's another cutest thing ever
I know Calvin just pointed thing room
room except 10 times cuter their
matching I've got to go take a picture
that BRB it'll be on Instagram
good morning what are you doing are you
playing a little puzzle here putting
these back together oh thank you so much
oh hey busy day
haircuts cleaning packing and thank you
guys so much so many people have treated
me to go too cold for that mascara I'm
going to eggs I need to see if I can
pick one for Julie
tickety six is that what they call it
could be yeah that's kind of like the
voting mcboatface taking the six face or
something and the internet will
understand right yeah that's like if the
internet names and mascara they call
like tickety sick they think watch
anyway guys like Ellie says we've got a
Sunday we're just getting everything
organized because she's got fun
adventure coming up and we've been
listening to music a lot lately and it's
just so much so fun is kind of put us in
a completely different mood especially
in the morning like when we get up in
the morning we're not usually ones like
you know like dancing but now we are
it's fun I love having the Google home
here with her music don't you that's
right the kids love dancing yeah he's
been down to a lot have a chest Oh mommy
bird ah you got caught red-handed you
got caught red-handed young man cooking
your mama hug
your brother wants to play with your
dragon Wow Wow got back from his fairy
tale can't what's that that's why Wow
hey Jackson you're fired what was your
favorite part
yeah play with your friends gentlemen
hey men clang you jumped on the trapper
mates mine
I'm glad your song missed you that was
nice is done to make you one mr. Cowell
no they made him one left me I don't get
these headaches very much but I have had
the worst headache from last night until
today like needing to throw up in my
eyes just felt so sick and I laid down I
had to move you home miss Calvin Calvin
fell asleep thank goodness I finally
fell asleep it took me forever fall
seeks and I had her I was like cranking
it trying to get the tension out of my
neck but I woke up feeling a lot better
I still have a little bit in my eyes but
I feel a lot better
Jarrod's come home from some errands so
and you cut the kids hair we all need a
shower we'll all be ready for the day at
like five o'clock six o'clock and then
if I'm still feeling this good we'll go
over to the the little fair that they
have in town I got to get packed up and
go see my sister Bonnie brought over
some hair stuff thing to take on the
plane with me to get a check of bags I
can get Joey's hair done and just keep
swimming suit for Emma that Bonnie
brought over isn't that so cute she
bought it for Olivia and it was just too
small and so she's gonna give it to Emma
so cuz I gotta get some things done
around here I haven't gotten much done
this morning like I should kill
please help my babies are getting his -
he's - just going to turn four and like
what six months something I don't know
crazy
alrighty Jackson's hair is already cut
and he's off playing with friends little
Calvin your hair is cut this is the
shortest I've ever gone on Calvin who
sides and back and I need to cut Jared's
hair but before I do that I want to show
you guys so I have had the same Clippers
for probably eight years and you have
gone through a ton of haircuts and it
was not time that I got a new pair
because one I just had him for so long
and the cables starting to open up and I
am cutting hair what do you think I
thought bug code party decide email on
Woody's mom
bull bull bull cut I am using new
Clippers I've never had Oster Clippers
but I got new Clippers and it's kind of
like sad getting rid of stuff that
you've had for so long you know like my
blow dryer I had for five years
how many haircuts we did you get'em ago
100 hundred maybe hell yeah turns
oh yeah I had those in this salon the
last two years I was doing here and then
this so I just really like the view that
I have really good you're like looking
at the pooper-scooper yeah more possible
than I'm used to so I appreciate you
bringing me after this tomorrow
oh thanks and I'm really professional
and I get up and sucker so I won't get a
real good - I bought your photographer
hey hey you excuse me I'm talking to you
hey hey hey hey what are you doing I'm
talking to you well hey guys we're at
somerset and right cute boot and look
last year dream everyone ought to
auction turtle yeah in our living room
where i have that little ferns a nice
cute second changes why enzyme killing
it so the kids self opening them so i
think what we're going to do is let them
play with it looks just like this yeah
it's just a bigger version of this one
right here we're to get them all animals
that they can open it and play with them
so we're having them sick their favorite
one i think Calvin likes the cows but we
have a turtle a fox and a dog so far and
some green stuff oh yeah you've got to
have some greenery yeah there's so many
cool local artists here at Summer Fest
but I think one of the best things is
the food there is some amazing show me
Devon
this is Dutch oven food from a family in
Idaho and we've got boneless BBQ ribs
we've got green beans and potatoes and
it is just so good huh and then we've
got this delicious Texas twister drink
and it's so good I love going to these
things just for like the food and the
the local support it's cool to support
your local artists and everything don't
you think yeah are you supporting your
local artists and creators yeah look at
that's what he's looking at for this is
a cobbler
if you see some of girl you want popcorn
the kids took it upon themselves to go
sit by each other and watch the cars go
by there's another kid a thing ever
I know Calvin just pointing Seng room
room except ten times cuter they're
matching I've got to go tickets for that
BRB it'll be a mess scram
you
like
he's going to dance he's going to dance
you guys are amazing did you know that
my favorite mascara in the world
I've tried so many mascaras over the
years as a favorite from it was from
Sam's Club and they just continue it's
mine you guys have been tweeting me
non-stop that it is at Kohl's and I got
one because I needed to pick one up for
Julie because she was like I don't have
it here I would love to try it and so I
wanted to make sure I brought her one
too so tomorrow Julie's gonna get these
if you think bliss mess scares you guys
also tweeted me that it's on Amazon too
so I'll have a link in the description
if you guys want to like read more about
this seriously my favorite love it
and speaking of toys guys we've had a
lot of questions about this plane
Jackson has kind of commandeered this
himself you've been taking it apart and
I think that's the cool thing about this
plane is you can take it apart and put
it back together like I said we've had a
lot of people ask about a lot of links
in the description down below
how many amazing I think I'm pretty fun
you know but guess what I think we might
go somewhere soon yeah maybe this is
just a small example of what it looks
like preparing for me to travel it's
kind of crazy I think all these charging
devices that I depend on most of the
time when we travel on film and
everything I use these just about every
time we go and then over here we've got
one suitcase and we almost fit
everything for the whole trip in that
one suitcase I had to put some stuff in
there because we're going to bring some
life jackets for the kids so they can
swim and then over here in my office
I've got a video uploading for Ellie's
channel and then I'm unloading
everything onto an external hard drive
there so we have space for the hard
drive on that laptop while we are gone
and tomorrow we will be gone it is
almost midnight that means t-minus five
hours until we go just about five hours
so we are going to say good night
oh yeah we're going to be up late but
it's going to be fun and we will see you
guys tomorrow
a brand-new state thanks for watching
bye
