where do you think you're going huh why
do you think you're going gotcha
let's go I'm gonna chase it back I'm
your chaser pack I get you back
who are you looking for I'm looking for
mama
Jackson do you know where mama is she is
somewhere good morning guys
that is right mommy is away and when
mommy's away the boys will play okay
we're gonna play today gonna make you
ask you oh how did you even know that
Jackson are you reading my mind
you silly pants McGee yes we are going
to do something very fun and so we've
got to get ready for the day and we've
got to go run some errands so let's get
to it okay high five high five or are
you stuck oh we got to get your leg oh
we got you you you weren't stuck high
five yeah so we have a blue car today
because mom has the van and she's doing
something with the church today so I've
got these two Yahoo again or at Lowe's
we're gonna pick up a couple things and
I hope everything's tip because we're in
the car hey Calvin you hop on - well
that's been pretty cool stuff you got
there okay let's go find some way
is that so cool okay I think we've got
everything we need out ready to go and
the go let's make as few as cups
possible but one cut we have to make is
we have a one too many children
we've got Jackson Calvin and Olivia what
are you doing here you come did you go
to the fairy tale camp did you like it
it's cool
yeah Jackson is going to go again
tomorrow so it's pretty cool babe you
like it too
so we're gonna build a ramp we're gonna
have fun yeah we're gonna make a ramp
okay now this isn't going to be like a
giant ramp this is just for the kids
okay but I got enough material to make a
bigger one is this this little one
doesn't work out so I want to show you
the pieces that I've cut so far there's
just like a little outline there you go
just like that it slopes up like this
and then there's a little like outward
downslope to keep it from tipping over
when the kids right on it so that's what
we've got here we got to do this porch
and welcome to ramp itself
whoa that was awesome
whoa all right there it is there's your
little ramp what do you guys think Oh
let's get your bike bud we got our ramp
are you ready to write it yeah are you
ready to write it mm-hmm chippy paste
all right Jackson let's see it got to go
quick
just like the curb that's not quick
you're okay
Hey look a little higher than the curb
kay so we got to go fast so your your
chain doesn't get caught on the case
should we try it again
all right let's go fast go fast SSS
that's that's that's that's that's s
okay that's a good posture that's a good
posture you want to try again you're
brave you can do it get a little walk
through oh no there's interference
and he got the girls garage he's ringing
the bell he's coming out fast he's
coming down the lane fat he's going so
quick he's got the speed he needs will
he make the jump yes he did and Calvin
coming up hot and he's running back he's
gotta get some more speed oh I see I see
oh that's perfect let's go go yeah oh
you got it yeah look at my two boys
Daredevils we're doing it keep going
keep going keep going
yeah yeah brother supporting each other
yeah
this is always the hottest and driest
women ask well that's because I'm in
here at ok well at least the hottest
part exactly I am over here at mom and
dad's house dad and I oh I've been
working on a project for the past couple
hours and we just finally finished we're
all done Calvin
oh are you looking at my mole what were
you doing
don't look at my mole I'm self-conscious
about my mole should we show grandma
grandpa the ramp we made today we
brought it with us so we'll go outside
and we'll show you the cool tricks that
we can do ok sound good I just got ready
to blast off go fast fast fast fast fast
oh yeah ok
that was a good fall you handled
yourself well let's get up and try again
ok oh oh let's get your foot out there
you go ok you ready to try again
Wow Wow yeah ok right into the garage
that sounds like a great idea
go go go fast fast fast fast fast fast
yeah
rogon yeah you gotta where do you think
you're going huh
why do you think you're going gotcha
let's go I'm gonna chase it back I'm
your JC pack I'm gonna take you back
look at you go watch it sizzle make it
curl and mommy is calm just in time for
dinner
how are you how was it today it was so
fun I told her and I got her I like his
Jared was Silvano that you want to go in
jail for 20 minutes it turned out to a
power I my eyes I have never laid down
and felt so heavy that just like fall
off my body facebook burger you knew it
I was so tired like my bahai eyes and
the whole time the camp I think I'm like
allergies the keep rectum at my eye but
camp was so fun and so many times
growing up I was able to go to camp
whether it was for girls camp at church
and I went on a really fun backpacking
trip before I got married my dad Scott
master I was able to go to a camp
cover your onions when I was like a
little like seven I said I was able to
go to one it head and it was so fun to
be with the girls they were able to do
like ziplining rock climbing aren't
Sheree by crying they got to do all
sorts of things for the day it was
really fun to be on the flip side of
that and be a leader and it was it was
really fun having the girls in my car
hearing them hot hearing them be
grateful I thought it's always nice to
hear like kids be like grateful you know
kind of laugh I actually met a handful
of you guys there that I didn't know
then don't watch your videos so hi guys
and thank you there there's a lot of fun
oh my goodness look at the redness I
mean not it always says dot it always is
I was going to say to rice maker this is
one of our most used items that we got
from our wedding
the crockpot totin totally this I use
this all the time and I actually think
it's probably you know this year will be
eight years using it I think we're
almost needing a bigger one
but I've loved it it's been really nice
so yesterday I made this chicken and
rice and pineapple dinner we're having
leftover today how just like this
chicken is so much better the second day
and that's really weird with chicken
disgusting if it's heated that's what it
is yeah so usually if you have 3d
chicken in the microwave the climate is
good but like I'm liking this meal
better the second day
and that's funny about laughter yeah
I show us your moves oh that's a party
foul in our house young man go around
kind of jump in but to hit in the back
of the caption doesn't over hey Jackson
did you tell mommy what we built today
what did we build a bike ramp did you
like it was it fun can I go off of it do
you think mom could do it
no thank you
okay should we get mom to put on our
helmet and to go do it sorry we built
that for Jackson and Calvin not for
mommy
I haven't even gone on that okay you're
gonna let her do it now yeah you ready
let's see it come on you can do it put
my helmet on oh yeah you need it
however cutting down the rug 3 you want
to go anywhere without you huh funny huh
Oh whenever we sit down whenever you cut
what is the one thing you ask me to do
sometimes you sit on your feet and keep
them warm and that's exactly what I'm
doing right now
little things like that that I think are
just like the cutest and I think the
things that you know I remember the most
about our relationship and our like
little nuances yeah nothing to something
ok Google+ music sorry was it loud sorry
guys but like I asked on Twitter to
recommend Spotify playlist and people
were saying coffeehouse and I like it
what are my little corks and nuances
Udacity does not pet peeve I click my
toenails every once in a while like what
do you like what do you like that I like
I like sitting on your fee because I
know that I'm keeping you warm yeah what
do you do that I like you've got to
think of something there's got to be at
least one thing that I that you like oh
I love like when we sit down you just
have your hand on my back you rub my
back I love that I'm trying to do
something that I do and I know you like
do more you do that I like I don't know
like my eyebrow I bought a lot a new wax
pot after six months of not having one
it's a good teacher is it actually let's
do right now I'm not inviting you to
that sorry about that guys sorry I can't
keep them open and if it's allergies or
they're just tired
but like date they hurt and I want to
take medicine for them but I also don't
want to take allergy medication right
now because of us you know trying to
have a baby I just you just don't know
yeah so I'm just like I just have to
like just deal with it right now
in my head I was like I'm going to take
my fingers and pull them back like that
but your eyebrow
I don't want my eyebrows Kyle dude
they're almost healed I keep saying that
there if you were ruler glue you can see
they're kind of flaking a little bit and
they'll flake for a little bit and then
they'll see good so I hope you enjoyed
that close-up we're going to call it a
night guys thank you so much for
watching the video if you enjoyed it be
sure to give a big thumbs up and you
haven't subscribed hit that subscribe
button cuz I'd be divided thanks for
watching bye
