yes go down yep where L started to see
what sounds like
okay we're going to get all ready let me
get all rights of the day you know we're
going along and thank you you said there
bar what your friend in the babysitter's
just what they're doing a boys very camp
in a nice so your vehicle females apron
Jenna maybe Cody will be there not your
present or your friend Chloe
and Austin and all of your other little
friends around here are we good to go to
fun who do you think are you excited to
go hang out that it's called princes and
princesses a knife so they have your
little girlfriends around three to six
and then here in a few days we'll do it
again yeah yeah it's actually really
cool this is um yeah I think this is a
second here they've done it maybe like a
fairy tale camp or they just get all the
kids in the neighborhood and play games
and have fun but last year they did just
girl thank you when the moms are dropped
the girls off a little boys were like we
should yeah
select you it's something in there and
you know have a little Christ to because
that would cover all the supplies and
you know so fine hot for a few hours so
to gain a few days you'll do it again
you guess who else is going to be there
what season buddies Boston what air was
yet for Olivia's age to do tomorrow not
influence pivot Europe at York pretty
because it helps us who's doing it and
from here on forth
you shall be known as sir night Jackson
I will not be testing you're funny
you're thinking
who is that there's mommy wait - mommy
hi mommy
yes mama let's go here let's go onto the
door mama I was only got to my second
show on Sunday I saw that April had done
a Dutch braid in the front of her hair
and I was I hadn't done that in a long
time and like you all know my hair has
been driving me crazy so a braid with
the rain today is perfect so I did a
Dutch braid and I watched a video
yesterday where the person took the
first chunk of their hair down and they
did the Dutch braid and then half way
down the braid they pulled in these
sections and I thought that looked a lot
prettier than sometimes just the full
braid right here you know I thought that
looked really pretty so the Dutch braid
going on and I don't even know what the
dock looks like but I just like threw it
up and put a little ponytail right there
and my lips today I am wearing a rose
berry friend lip scent and I was very
very sad this morning as I was putting
my mascara on you guys know this is my
favorite tickity thick mascara that I
got at Sam's Club experiments those nine
dollars it's like 20 dollars from the
packet - and I went there yesterday
excite getting ready to go see my sister
Julie and I wanted to bring her some and
because she doesn't have it in her
sample cup my mom doesn't have it in her
Sam's Club so I'm going to stock up and
they didn't have it and I was so sad
like this is the best mascara ever I
wonder if I can find on Amazon or
something or just google it and see
where it comes up this bliss tickety
thick make a volume mascara compares is
that hey what kind of them and this is
my last one
what am I ever going to use this like my
favorite you know it's like you always
try new products I am one to want to
like jump around and try other brands
and I have a lot of brands that I really
love but it's like that was really good
mascara maybe really so if I don't find
it what are you doing
I
like all of us weird like stringy algae
like gross stuff on our floor that's
creepy when we pick it up because it is
crappy weather today I've been really
wanting to film some more videos for my
channel and while Jackson is at this
little fairy tale camp I decided to lay
out all the kids like some of their
clothes and some toys and just kind of
talk about some of the items that I have
for the kids because we get a lot of
questions of like where did you get that
for the kids or what where's the outfit
from and I think this is fun for me to
watch I think it'd be fun to film to
some of their outfits that I have for
the summer and some of their favorite
toys for the summer and that's why I
good doing it some now what was your
favorite part
you pick your friends what did you do it
was so hard you were coloring it was
hard oh wow you did a good job I could
tell that took a lot of work out of you
did you build a sword just your big wine
Wow I won't hear about the ducks duck
download duck and would you do with it
he's seen Pixum and did you kiss it no
oh it's like slap OH
they said that everyone put lipstick on
and they kissed a duck Oh
Flambeau frog oh did you kiss a frog and
he played his ducks and he kissed the
dirt the Frog that's silly I pray so
hard I'm so glad you had fun
and miss Jeff hmm are you just dying to
get your hands on that toy you're
literally going for a ride on the box
you excited for it you know what I'm
excited for it too I went out with Joel
today and we were talking about the rain
we've had rain for two days three days
straight now this could not have been
better timing with our grass we got our
grass in Friday
Friday evening and then Saturday
beautiful day Sunday beautiful day and
in Monday and Tuesday it's been raining
and it's just been like so perfect
because if we want to wait in two days
we couldn't put our grasp in so this is
just like perfect oh don't mind that
right there you want to step on the
grass when can we step on the grass okay
later in like one week from now so like
one half we want to give it at least two
weeks we are we want to give it as long
as possible especially when Pena gets
back that's that's where I'm excited to
see her reaction
she's probably have the best reaction
out of all of us I am doing something
today that I've wanted to do for years
and it is something so simple and so
easy that I could have done a long time
ago but it just seems like every time I
want to do it I just haven't had time
and last month when I was down for a few
days I kept thinking like I should do
this I really need to do this and then I
didn't and I'm going to do it today
because it's raining outside and I just
I want to do it for me I have always
wanted to have a lot better handwriting
and I've always envied people that had
really pretty handwriting and I was like
I know that those are adult classes I
know that there's adult books that could
help like not just like kids learned
like adults learn how to like write
better or draw better and my friend
Julie on Instagram see it's like chewy
love and green look I can't remember her
Instagram name but maybe I'll link it if
you want to see her because she's really
inspirational I really like her but she
had tagged this company hand-lettered
design and they it's like for adults
they have like worksheets and work but
books and like online courses and I've
been winding it for songs so that's what
I'm doing today so I'm going through and
I'm watching hey are you guys ready to
get started yes I'm watching all of our
videos and I got to go buy a pen and go
buy some nice paper and it's just I
think it would be really therapeutic and
really something fun for me to do like
when the kids go to bed and excited I'm
excited to like do this I've wanted to
do it it's so simple but it's crazy how
like the small things
like made you happy I don't know I'm
going to do it and I'm excited all right
they had a whole course of what to do
and this is the start of it so I went to
the store of all my pens and everything
that I need and this is the first start
of the course it's very simple but they
gave us they gave me a lot of good tips
so I'm going to start with this and then
I'm going to go in to this and they did
a lot of tips as far as like the level
on the line as far as the thickness of
ups or down and you're going to do that
and so Jack simply do his stuff and then
mom's gonna trace letters and look drug
seems good with trace letters are you
debt with me okay Jackson has this is
his little preschool book that I've had
here you have one that you can like a
race that I really like and then he also
has that so we're going to work under
letters together are you so excited to
learn like I just want to put the paper
oh wow
okay I'm going to have you go first and
you hold your pencil a little further
down right there remember you did this
at preschool so I'm going to hold your
hands and I'm going to show you the
first one and then I'm going to have to
do the second one
down down over and there's that an a for
Apple so can you try it on that one you
trace it
you
good job I shot that one shut this side
good job connect it go down good job
that's pretty cool
I'll try yes yes Apple Napa that was fun
that was fun you done good me today yeah
yeah just coloring it your fairy tale
camp was just too tiring he's too tired
to plot well life is hard
around keep trying on that one yes and
go down yep we're all started to see
what sounds like us you're goofy are you
seeing what about cookie you are being
so silly is why your teacher said you
were a life of the party is good you
just you're goofy what else starts at
the seat car hi about candy he was
certain to be with bus blah blah blah
outside bit key okay can you try it off
okay close make the line down your jog
now start right here and go around
cool MA all keep asking charities always
le don't be embarrassed it's looking
really really great and guess what
do you want to know something no that's
not what I'm going to say even though
it's true my dad when he was younger one
of his things that he wanted to do
really well at was his penmanship he had
terrible penmanship
like really bad penmanship and that was
something that he wanted to focus on
when he was older so when he was I don't
know if he was in high school or college
but he worked hard on his penmanship and
he has really great pension now so
that's something that he did just like
you're doing right now so don't be
embarrassed about it yeah are you
working on your penmanship to you or for
cookies hi we're having dinner soon guys
I practice law no totally wired with all
the look I think that's so cute
yeah and then I just it looks really
cute like it looks like you handwriting
I like good job yeah you are
don't be embarrassed so here's the thing
guys this is something that people don't
work on ever again after school for the
rest of their lives the penmanship they
have at the beginning of their life is
the same that they have all throughout
schools so good for you for working on
something that that you want to and now
a lot of people don't do so don't don't
you be picking on her guys and don't you
be embarrassed oh good I'm excited yeah
I want to be good at it like we will on
time stunning handwriting Julie has 300
Ruby has very elegant handwriting
Bonnie's handwriting is so bubbly and
cute but I'm not even kidding me but you
like I have the worst handwriting and
when I try it still just looks sloppy
you know like I want to look nice well
good for you for taking initiative no no
cookies no cookies young man we have
that dinner is he just pushed that all
the way around
Oh Jackson just knows how to use his
booty in the dance room that's what he
does he doesn't know that you're that oh
yes miss pertussis and that that is exam
who is all my gosh Jackson okay
anyway we are listening to some music on
the Google home and we are having dinner
we're having some rice pineapple and
chicken and it is delicious as Jackson
would say yes yeah after dinner we're
going to put these kiddos to bed and
then we are going to put you guys to bed
here soon thank you guys so much for
watching if you enjoyed this video be
sure to give it a big thumbs up if
you're new to this channel it's at
subscribe and we will see you guys yeah
this build up thanks guys we'll see you
tomorrow bye bye
 everybody
we know you did 3 3 3
he's a free bird you can't topic for
today
