all right we're sitting here watching
banana sees 3 a.m. challenge you don't
think this is real video absolutely and
just try it yourself do you want to
absolutely Joey what are you doing good
morning guys I hope you're having a
great day today for us it is a gloomy
rainy day look at those clouds and I
could not be more thrilled about that
you might think I was sad but no I am
thrilled because our grass is getting
some good moisture normally I'd be
really upset because that means tons of
mud around the house but that grass hmm
it's gonna be good every month or so we
try and do a really great cleaning on
the van that's like getting the outside
washed vacuuming the inside and I fail
to clean one swab just because we don't
use that spot very much and that is the
stone go completely underutilized part
of the Pacifica mostly because we have
the car seats there all the time
let me show you this real quick boom
boom you've got space obviously this
will go down in here but I opened it up
took the car seats out today and I want
to show you something that I found on
the inside totally took me by surprise
look at this I found this in here
somehow that little SD card slips
through the cracks and wound up in the
stone go part of the Pacifica and I want
to go inside and I want to see what this
is because who knows how long it's been
in here we've had this van for nearly a
year what is on this SD card I'm so
excited to see oh gosh
speaking of the van I got a washed on
Saturday I took it through the carwash I
plus on Instragram story if you're not
following me on Instagram Boop here's a
link and because of the rain today look
at all this
oh it's driving me crazy Oh dirty again
because I would take it to the car wash
again sometime soon I don't know
anyway underutilised glad i cleaned it
this time because I found that SD card
SD card is in the computer I have no
idea what's in here let's find out and
the first clip I see is oh it's Jackson
skiing yah Sean is that a lot I don't
know since the winter time
oh isn't that so cute
oh if this is what I think it is yeah oh
my gosh
do you not get this very thing she lost
it no I got it just fine but do you see
how it's stopping so fast it's stopping
so fast because there was an error with
that SD card and the GoPro an SD card
weren't communicating and they would
just stop like after ten seconds it
would just stop so of all the SD cards
to lose I'm actually kind of glad it was
that one but like look look at little
Jackson and that's Cody right there when
we are scaring it is Keegan this next
year yeah that would be so fun I'm going
to miss footage to look back on so it
has been a really long day my eyes have
been tired all day the kids have kind of
had a hard time sleeping lately so Jay
and I both kind of been up a lot in the
night but it's a long day and my
lipstick is still on I'm wearing the
color first love from lip sense I got it
at my cousin's lip scents party the
other day I've told you guys that I have
a love-hate relationship with lip sense
because at least for the lip you need to
be very dedicated to that product and
I'm not a very dedicated makeup person I
like to try all sorts of stuff because
your lips go through like an exfoliating
process like it takes off like the wax
off of your lips because your lips build
up a wax layer because of all the other
lip products but the lip scents kind of
explain it to off so if you go back and
forth between lip stuff is just like not
really good so I kind of hate it but I
do love it because it stays on all day
like it's seven o'clock and like this is
on I feel like my eyes look tight
I had a picture on Instagram the other
day and someone's like Ella you look so
sad I see it in your eyes and I was like
I'm not sad or just tired I'm just a mom
of two toddlers is all I'm not sad I
have no idea that your lips would have
to go through different phases depending
on the makeup you wear like ELISA this
is I'm glad I don't have to think about
that kind of stuff my hair doesn't have
to go through different you know things
I just throw it up alright we're sitting
here watching Diana Missy's 3 a.m.
challenge what are they doing mister
what do you think about that that one
yeah when I asked one write a fidget
Center yeah you don't think this is real
deal
absolutely I saw this earlier like why
see you think that's we're going to try
it yourself do you want to absolutely
not with these who against obviously no
yes well sometimes they might be up at 3
in the morning
Calvin has been having this thing where
and I think I remember this with Jackson
I remember thinking he slept so good and
then all of a sudden he did it and it's
like was like a combination of
two-year-old molars and like a time in
his life like two two and a half yet on
Jackson had a hard time sleeping at
night and Cal's awaking up at like 3 to
4 ready to play for today it's been the
craziest thing do you see that Jackson
whatever I go I go oh that's so crazy
we're gonna have to try it
that's kind of creepy that's like kinda
cool and cool alright young man are you
ready for bed ok you have a good sleep
and look I don't want you waking up at 3
in the morning ok alright mm-hmm you say
goodbye to our friends love you oh you
want your buddy though there you go yeah
no oh oh you're more of a Bud Light your
fan and I guess huh the kids are finally
both asleep and just today I've kind of
been doing like some I don't know summer
cleaning spring cleaning with the van
and everything and I'm doing my routine
check up on the hot tub making sure
everything looks good there
oh that's a little dirty all you know
what is probably from it's probably from
when we had all of our family here for
the memorial they'd get together just
check-in the chemicals here real quick
making sure everything is good because I
think we might get in a little bit later
tonight you're ready to watch a bunch of
shows yes to our nightly routines that
watches many episodes as we can watch
let's do it
le le Joey what are you doing what I
want to go to China it's almost 3:00 in
the morning le yeah one minute I want
you to make sure that your job Dennis
are you kidding you want to try this
nothing's going to happen le this is
ridiculous come back to bed
oh it's fine the skull bones my favorite
the slots on sink don't say we go okay
it's 3:00 in the morning Pelle get the
bottom all going straight from to die
down this is ridiculous
okay see my missing Anna Marvel in it
look at the barn for Peter okay
nothing happened can you go - I'll start
it's not done yet you taste it
take a seat I'm sorry I don't know all
the rules but I'm just a little creeped
out because it's 3:00 in the morning
after each other off stop it's not even
true Anya what cell phone is off for
okay are you happy now they're all stuff
nothing happened
okay it's always worth a try it's fun
okay why not we're gonna do a hot tub
anyway let's cook in okay I'll just go
for a little bit that'll help us go
everything it is pretty chilly
oh my gosh let's on the Jets yeah
this is nice are you kicking me did you
see this
over there do not do the 3m challenge do
not do the three amateur are you okay oh
you need to go everything figured out
you looked on the cameras
holy crap my heart is still racing guys
that was creepy I am just so glad that
is over don't do the 3 a.m. challenge
guys that was scary anyway guys thank
you so much for watching the video if
you enjoyed it I guess give it a thumbs
up and we will see you guys tomorrow bye
