back then you're doing a good job but
see this - you're getting go to the
sprinklers
good morning guys happy Sunday we have
the whole family oh my gosh oh my gosh
why are you guys cute you guys are so
cute
we are just getting ready for church and
these two guys are just having some
brotherly love right now you guys are
adorable Ellie why don't you give us a
little outfit update I'm wearing my blue
dress and I got from Nordstrom's awhile
ago and my issues that you guys helped
me pick out when I went to Dancing with
the Stars okay really great if you're
going to hold sons oh okay yeah I think
it looks awesome so today I feel a
little weird a little different it's
very rare that I don't wear a suit to
church and I'm not wearing a suit right
now because my suit needs to go to the
dry cleaners it is messy it has kids all
over it and dog all over it and so I've
got to get that fix but are you guys
ready to go Oh Jackson that is a perfect
fit young man that was so good you're
gonna go to church with those mom okay
Ellie I'm sorry you're gonna have to
find some tissues
oh you and I yeah it is a beautiful day
today so Jackson and I thought it'd be
fun to walk home you like walking home
yeah it's pretty fun Jackson was on my
shoulders and that's not my hair for
quite a bit so that's why I'm sorry I'm
blaming it all on you hey we had fun
though didn't we
it's a beautiful day today yeah what do
you want to do today after church oh you
want to go home alright let's go home
what you learn in church today I pray
you played I'm going and colors walk
good that sounds like a lot of fun and
you did lesson
good and we're back
yes we are back from church you guys
know that typically we have Ritz and
salsa for our after church snack but
today good cookie cookie and from the
looks of it it looks like oatmeal raisin
is that right I love regular chocolate
chip cookies all right
I think he does quite a bit one that he
didn't like anything well any cookies
going to be like somewhat healthy
oatmeal raisin is going to be that
cookie and I actually like chocolate
chip oatmeal raisin and then peanut
butter Ellie's like a peanut butter
fanatic I'm glad you made oatmeal
raisins thanks what do you think of our
backyard my isn't it beautiful
yes I can't wait to go get trees in I'm
seriously looking at through our bedroom
was like my favorite thing in the world
this morning a little red grass yeah
okay yes it is well isn't this just the
funnest thing ever on Sunday afternoon
Hey yeah it is ha but this is fun
sitting on the porch having good company
it was fun looking out our door they all
throw their bikes here with you no I'm
fine you look like a goddess driving
down a well I was blocking my eyebrows
from the Sun I was like glasses okay you
just go yeah I we did you do that in a
few days are good like kind of hurt um
they already yellow I can't move them
mine is beauty beauty is pain right
something what the thing is out is pain
is beauty sure is yeah Jackson is all
about that right right buddy yeah all
about haircuts right yeah then you're
doing it good job bud how does that feel
one very warm
how many questions one and then again
see this Joshua getting going to Spring
burns
we got the sprinklers going got the
sprinklers going it just seems like now
that we have grass we actually have
people who want to come to our house mom
and dad are up there let's go ahead and
zoom up there hi mom and dad hey what do
you guys think everything bad tastic so
beautiful oh my goodness so you think
he'll visit us for now we loved to visit
even when it was just a mud hole well
and that's the funny thing not too long
ago this literally was mud it's just mud
and it would get all over a house and
you know we still have some dirt but
it's going to be you know trees and
shrubs and bushes and stuff and chiku
pitched yeah we've got some fun plans
I'm really excited to see how all of
this turns out but I am just admiring
the greenery right now all I want to do
is like roll on it I know it looks golf
course course ish it does yeah
well it's funny everyone in the comments
are like now you don't have to say when
you have grass but now it's when we and
walk up now when can we walk on the
grass there's so many different no you
as long as we can
I think this shot right here is my
favorite and not just because Ellie's
bumming it isn't at geez no it's just I
think it just shows the yard and it's
full grandeur and it is my favorite rock
I want I don't have found it well we've
never looked at it from this angle
really look how prettiness they lots of
marbling with it it looks pretty cool
huh I love it it's beautiful and I'm so
grateful to have it okay let's see who's
going to win the race blue versus red
and red Peter
blue is the winner
okay okay Calvin your turn bud
Oh ready one two three go oh I don't
know I don't look like a photo finish to
me we are just getting some car playtime
before bed these boys I love their cars
- yeah I keep meaning to every time you
get it out put together I wanna get the
hot glue gun out like superheroes
together so it stays in one spot stays
together okay Jackson this is hook Kevin
good good job guys
Ellie is putting Jackson down for bed
and Calvin took it really late naps nice
so using this thing up with us for a
little bit I thought this would be the
perfect opportunity to get him over here
and we could finally put together his
little airplane so Calvin come over here
buddy you want to put this together with
me you want to do this you want to built
this business ah yeah
pull it out wow this is a lot bigger
than I thought it would be this is so
cool you got a wing say we good job
okay first things first let's get our
tool ready and then we can put the blame
together so I'm good
hmm batteries are not included let's get
some batteries good job now pull the
trigger
oh it's a dream that's like these
instructions okay so I'll put this piece
here just sit here you know right where
it goes good job buddy
so these are pieces that you put these
are drill bit this is a drill bit too
let's put this drill bit on to put the
drill bit on okay now screw this piece
in hook type step put in there this job
did it now it's height now we're going
to do this piece
there's no social oh yeah bigger than I
thought huh I think you're not writing
overall it's an inside joke with you buy
me a nice time I'm going to run
over look
she took the screwdriver put a griddle
that and it got the only reason why it
is soft this is a fabric got twisted
around it so am I really
the colors are bad I scripts or phrases
oh you got a good way to go now wait
wait wait wait
that's Cruden good job is not so
freaking tool that you isn't a fixative
ha ha ha so we're going to put this
through can you put this Hamid really
madrid I'm a drill everything nammed
Real Madrid lemons everything that's the
story we needed to give him nothing said
ok put this key through there can you go
with just your hand this isn't it does
it sound you put that piece level push
it in push that was daddy's fault can
put it back in okay now you need a drill
formula so let's put this fill bit on
see you can you drill through this one
sure that for me
this job he's building this Oh put this
one in here drill that good job okay
last one here's the finished piece okay
now you drill it you got to make sure
you're drilling straight here you don't
love this is your airplane you like it
you want to keep building I love this
drill this is so fun this is got music
everything because they like how big it
is
you're so pretty
look at him go down he just loves it
happy matrices yeah - happy birthday
buddies we finally did it
this was honestly like really really
cool very cool boy I think this is a
savory process I love it do you like it
I love it and I love you mmm how fun
will that be for him to take this
airplane on that airplane I know we've
been talking about the grass a lot
lately but it just feels so weird right
now I feel so different like I honestly
can't believe this is happening right
now I feel like I'm in a dream the
contrast between what the yard was and
what it is now is just mind-blowing like
it's crazy I really do feel like I'm in
a dream right now the best dream ever I
am just really happy I love my wife I've
got these two beautiful kids we've got
this amazing house and I just feel this
immense gratitude in my heart I feel so
grateful thank you guys so much for
watching these videos it does mean the
world to us we appreciate you we are
grateful for you we hope you have a
wonderful week this is at the beginning
of a brand new week make it a great one
we will see you guys tomorrow
thanks for watching bye
