well Jared I are coming home to a little
house surprise and I'm very excited oh
it looks a friend look at that
well when you run out of food
you go to a brew Davies we have ate a
lot of your food this morning the kids
are racing Jackson tender down there
racing and that's what they've been
doing all morning they race from here to
the fire hydrant and bag okay as we sit
here and watch daddy and Davey figure
out all of our hos stuff I want to ask
you what was your favorite part about
our trip down here netball netball
champloo Oh using Davey's bounce toy
that was really fun what was your
favorite part about the trip plane yeah
I keep soaked to it that was my favorite
part
look at this place that looks cute to
eat at because you guys that's what we
will do yeah and you come in and this is
what it looks like this is such a cute
place put all the fresh flowers so fun
it's called the mainstream social of a
cute area out there well lunch was
amazing kids were crazy
everyone was hangry but we made it this
location do they call it it was the best
fun I've ever had
it's not public as a farm what a minute
kofi Hucky okay that's what it is it's
really good we've done you're hired
we're all ready to go like this
under panting oh did you make that for
him all right ladies and gents we got
the fan in the trailer back up and it is
time to go we're going home now you'll
never believe what's going to pop us
right here
Lysanne Davey no so no even better
it's Uncle Sam yeah oh he was not in
rockin out look at it oh it's not even
open running you strip Oh funny oh it's
like seeing a unicorn or Bigfoot Ellie
can you believe that I wish the guy can
you can I can't
yeah I can't believe that you can't
believe it you're gonna close your eyes
they're done now you can't
all right guys Jared's fluffing out it's
the greatest day ever
now we're driving buses semi full you
just keep your eye on the road Minh but
the only way to keep your betting on
track Wilkinson Cup and then an apple
save your car and then like a b-52
bomber the Belgian or something like
that well Jared I are coming home to a
little house surprise and I'm very
excited I'm very excited I have a little
bit of butterflies and I guess I
shouldn't say little we have been
anticipating this for so long and it
makes me miss penny so much but she done
good we just got some pictures from the
people that shoots weapon exhibition
Julie she's doing good oh it looks so
fresh look at that it looks very fresh
knighted oh the neighbor's yard looks
really big now cuz possible ours is half
of theirs like on the edge looks like a
listener it's totally different
oh yes part of our side yard there is
just a little strip but it connects with
the neighbor so then it makes it really
big enough it's just
fun Jackson what do you see crap
Calvary no is it sweet still it looks so
good
oh my goodness what is that what do you
think of it
yeah brass and we're really not supposed
to walk on it for a few weeks because
what it's doing is Judas you can still
see it lift up they just laid it so
it'll grow and it'll connect to that
dirt I didn't oh okay what do you want
to do I don't know Laurie okay okay I
really know what you're doing is cute
using that's cool
yeah I do too you see you all the way
into the backyard Wow
will be really nice to it for a few
weeks and then we can run and play on
and go crazy okay Wow and to believe you
just played and all this dirt all spring
and winter long and that dirt root put
some trees in there trees and flowers
and bushes cause my eyes she wants to do
the same thing he did Kate follow him
okay am I gonna run into dishes okay
you're sick mouthing yeah oh my gosh
look at this flipping psycho I know I'm
so excited look at this well should we
go in the backyard and look we'll walk
up the rock that's a great idea
this way buddy we'll go around the edge
okay let's look at the dockyard holy
thread what do you guys think
Wow like golf course we are going to
place so much in their graph that we
have to let it sit so let's not walk on
it okay
Calvin's even excited what the hold it
is Wow it's like a totally different
house now yeah so there's still a lot of
rocks but it will not be as rocky once
we get the greenery and out of the
grasses in along the house we'll be
putting some bushes we're going to put a
really big tree right there to have this
be shaded and the years to come so we're
going to put some trees in here and
we'll put trees on this part of the yard
too so there will be shade and like
privacy along the hot tub so we have a
lot of trees and bushes that are going
to go in in a few weeks so once the
grass is settled and gentlemen they did
such a great job and they have this very
the barrier between here in the rock
which will be greenery as well and it
will kind of be a barrier to keep the
kids away from like the Cubs Rock to
cool like right here we'll put a big
storm Bush right here so don't go too
close to them so trees all along their
shrubbery all up and around right here
then we'll walk up I'm sure we'll have
like a tree or something up here
look there's a butterfly and then that
this is just a really narrow strip of
grass up at the top this will be just so
fun like if you'd be cute right you have
got a little bench right to put a little
bench for the kids right there that way
was walking around they can go into oval
bench right there
you know we probably could have fish to
progress up here but that would have
been yeah well we trans it up here what
do you think of this cool oh wow this
looks so cool guys oh okay so we're up
at the very top right here next year
we'll probably a chicken coop and then
this is where the yard starts look look
how fun that's going to be the slide
down in the summer with water we have
tons of grass to run on that middle
section will pro swing set eventually a
good hugger suite set right here
might be really fun perfect we were
trying to figure out what where are we
going to put a swing set and actually
right here might be kind of fun to swing
off and jump into there you know oh yeah
that actually might be what we do now
that we're up here look how beautiful
yay looking at the yard at this angle
you can see this like Maine green
section like that's where we'll play and
run and play baseball and it's wide and
long and we originally were thinking of
putting a swing set like right there
where you walk up above the steps to
have a success and just swing into the
yard by action that would be fine like
that better up there and that way we
have this base for everything yeah it's
just there our house is going to be
happy having dirt let you know it does
it's hard on your house having tons of
dirt and rock rasmussen don't you think
so yeah yeah I agree with everything you
just said you're so quite on the hair by
you say grass yeah Wow oh you see a bike
uses a blue air out the bike yeah okay
we have grass what I want to do now is I
want to show you the difference between
dirt and grass so I think we'll go up
into the sky
as I can't even tell you like how good
this feels just visually looking at
everything is just so relieving and so
amazing but at the same custom like
having those grads like always brings me
to tears just seeing it having it I
cannot wait to take my shoes off and
walk in it it's like exciting oh my gosh
finally just a sense of relief we've
been waiting since October for this
grass and it is finally here
isn't it just thinking beautiful I could
sit out here all day now I'm so grateful
I know how wait don't know if we'll do a
patio set this year I may do that next
year so instead we'll put like our
lifetime table here with our chairs I
can't wait till I eat breakfast out here
to be outside our summer this is where
we're going to be a lot I'm so excited
yes oh and you said it best like I'm
just so grateful yeah I'm just so
grateful you're so great for Jack we
just got the kids in bed so I have to be
a little quiet okay so there are a few
things in the world that daily make me
off the charts happy one of them putting
in brand new fresh contacts the second
putting on brand new socks every single
day I just got this sounds so ridiculous
as I'm saying but I'm saying it it's
true putting on new socks is the best
thing in the world is there anything
like that I want to know what is like
putting in brand new contacts and
putting on brand new socks taking a
crusty booger but that's not something I
can do on my own like I've just happened
that just happens sometimes what if what
can I control you know I can't control
the other crusty booger all the time
Ellie
I mean maybe when you go camping that's
like when you go camping and you have
those like nasty black figures don't
feel really we're talking too much about
boogers now Ellie what is the best thing
that you can control every single day
like putting on contacts brand new
contacts or putting on socks
okay that's what I want to know let me
know in the comments below it is only at
9:00
le and I just finished watching shows
the kids are in bed and then we're now
it is time to say goodbye thank you guys
so much for watching the video we hope
you enjoyed it have a wonderful weekend
and we will see you guys tomorrow
thanks for watching
