we're going to the link whoa oh hey mr.
Cooper good Jackson's coming in hot
going on the grass aside as a kid and he
didn't diffic good job he just did a
second but until I fell good morning
guys it is a nice sunny morning and
Jackson totally wants to explore more he
was riding his bike in or down the lane
and he was like oh man my bike more and
I kind of knew what he meant like I
wanted to go like around places cause if
we you go all the way around and then
you come back that's pretty far for a
little for a little guy and now he's
doing it like a champ going back home
fourth Jackson what do you think of this
place great
he has told me probably a hundred times
if you want to see him forever but you
know it will come back today we're going
to play fun and it will come back again
sometimes just you look so cute I
thought yeah you're so cute on your bike
you are more adventurous boy yeah I
think it's pretty fun too yeah hey boys
just because you have helmets on
government you can beat each other up
are you guys ready to go we're going to
go on an adventure
oh do you want an apple juice too
oh you're just kind of messing around
with them for fun for kicks and giggles
as I what you're doing ready to rock and
roll
don't be too boiler I'm excited to show
you this is what we're doing boom April
and Davi boom Ellie and Jared we've got
a razor and we're going to go have an
adventure you ready oh I think Jax is
worse side to anyone you ready you ready
you ready pal okay let's go go where's
the door-handle dirt Jared has found a
very nice trail for us to lunch at night
an easy trail with a really great ending
I stink
anyway that's what they say everything
is going so happy ending
Mama's comin back
oh I don't want to leave okay long as
your ran across the road and baby deers
right here goes on leavin em baby oh hi
mama
good
I'm thinking about stranded with all
these mercy Hendrix's okay you will get
stuck okay so we got to go around the
yeah it's like you guys money
Oh Davy Davy I'm not even armed I'm not
even I hey hey I'm trying to navigate
here it's gross no balls at me I've got
you what oh shoot
okay okay alright so we seem to have
come to a crossroads there's a fallen
tree and I'm not sure if we can get
through there unless we cut down this
way and go around three oh they do
whoa mission accomplished we did it yes
that area was actually wide enough that
we could squeeze through and look what
it opens up to this
it's just beautiful out here look at how
it opens up isn't that gorgeous
well poop on a stick we still got out of
the situation I don't think we can go
over that Davey I see some trails going
down this way so maybe we'll be able to
go around it I'm wondering if this is a
lightning strike spot this is not where
fire like someone would light a fire
it's like right in the middle of a trail
but it's just as one spot right here and
my first instinct is like is this a
lightning strike spot I don't know you
guys tell me it's all charred and all
that stuff right here isn't that crazy
Calvin you are a trooper you can hear as
well because it is beautiful out here so
this is crazy
we're going to stop here is our turning
point we're going to take a picture
I guess we're heading back I can get
past that tree you want to play in the
snow you got it guess what Jessica what
have we don't do it you have to surprise
them say when you least expect it
I
all right we are back down from a
mountain but that doesn't mean you're
going to the link yes
whoa oh hey mr. cool buddies guys burger
before I kiss you are we ready to go ah
summer crossing oh wow I'm gonna go
Ellie I'm breaking out the big gun Oh
stand back
oh no there's no water in it we made it
to the lake yes we did
Davey just did some awesome jet surfing
and I'll show you what that is in just a
second I'm about to give it a try too my
first time ever is basically
wakeboarding without a boat behind in
front of you there I go oh my gosh Davey
says you need a lot of flexibility and
that is not what I have because my hip I
can't even write those little ones light
up though you're fine there's nothing
like civilian did that little push to
get up is it difficult to get up hit the
way the wags make it a little harder so
so bad give us the shop
you know what
you change
well I'm a little nd to keep going
Jared you tended prayer man yeah as your
heavenly father example for this day
we're grateful for a many buses that we
have we're grateful for the wonderful
opportunity that we've gathered together
as friends to enjoy each other's company
look at this big happy family that's not
tonight we're having the revolutionary
dinner called taco in a bag is that
right taco in the back so what you do is
you grab your favorite bag of chips in
this case Ellie has chosen Fritos and on
the inside you put your favorite
condiments in like cheese and taco meat
in avocado and tomatoes mix it all
together and eat it with a fork just
like babies do it oh so good I've never
actually heard of this before but you
guys do it a lot and it's actually
really fun for camping because you just
have in the bag I'm very hungry I want
to tacos el sheriff Calvin he wants once
you do you just say those tacos in here
has choco tacos in the freezer choco
dessert
thank you again
okay let's go play ready market you
can't get the wind isn't blowing so bad
i litterly flower trailer going to take
off in flight it is so kind one justify
going got the kataka this is been such a
good day I went a not to have our Jared
started anything and now we're going to
lay in bed and look at some stars so
thank you guys so much for watching
today and we'll see you guys tomorrow
I think there's a little surprise
waiting for us when we go home bye
