he is going to today and they're going
to go slow and we can look out the
window and wave to people I thought that
he will be much happier when it gets
going yeah we have had quite an ordeal
getting you do you like the trailer you
want to stay here for over to breakfast
ha ha yeah that's you good morning guys
how was your night last night okay good
Calvin how was your night last night oh
yeah you were up pretty late last night
huh a lot it was a little rough but it
usually is the first night you know yeah
not like the first time they were up
screaming trying to sedate woke up yeah
yeah pretty good yeah they actually did
pretty good all things considered all
right my baby boys breakfast yes sir mom
we got a little oatmeal and orange juice
that looks great
okay here's your's Jackson Keith Oh YUM
looks good
I like I guess yeah good job
hold it
how then was he watching me get your
video uploaded dang well look who show
that hi ender we all play in our friend
is here we're playing her swinging this
is so fun Jer and I woke up this morning
and said this is don't have to do one of
the best decisions we have made to go a
little camper because you can go up in
the mountains and you can let go camp
camping you can do this which is a
little nicer especially again kid this
facility places Oh Jer
this facility place is really cool and
awesome there's tons of people around
but it's not like obnoxious or loud or
anything like everyone is pretty good to
just like do their thing and say hi and
be nice so we're starting our morning
out right at the little park we are
doing something so cool today
what do you see Calvin a choo-choo
that's right we are going to ride the
train this is like husband training
called the Heber creeper if you guys
don't remember I don't know maybe a lot
of you hadn't seen it one of the very
very first videos that Ellie and I
posted it was like before we did vlogs
before we're doing infertility stuff we
had a Christmas party and we actually
rode this train and it was the Polar
Express and we went Santa Claus and it
was before you were born
can you believe that so if you want to
throwback I love it listen the
description down below
except that he will be much happier when
it gets going
yes we had quite an ordeal getting
educated I've had during my Jackson
remember when we left our old house and
then chilli trying to combine and we
were frightened I'm gonna run to the
window and we wait in the guy was way
back and you were to toot horn do you
remember he is come on to today and
they're going to go slow and we can look
out the window and wave to people to
record he came and waved to us we would
always wave
mr. towel has a downright patently wavy
you want to try so I think between us
meeting and ass Marcus Lee and hot today
because it gets going
what is the train say wait one more
thing what's the same thing choo choo
here we go remove causing this yes i
ejaculated mrs. Collins accountably
totally like into it you know like this
don't you
oh oh yeah happy Jackson are you loving
this probably pretty great huh
what he sees
hold on tight drinks
should we get some snacks okay plop next
choose from oh my god keep your hands up
hey Harvard oppa can you believe
all righty how is that to to train the
guy was a good to to Train we are
getting ready for dinner and then swim
so I have some grilled cheese here my
first time using this girl you've got
goggles you're excited Heidi girl
cheese's I don't use all right here is
my school
you're looking so grown kids you eat
them up you love on good I'm so glad
 up big goon yeah okay Calvin
let's see it no no no socially you mean
everything down hey I've got I've got a
big cellphone doshu be I've got him cell
phone in my head you're going to hear
yeah which I do all my girls monitors
you mean if you didn't keep those legs
keep them clean look at him go kick your
legs healthy no just attention off his
good friend Amami them to money get it
yeah keep those legs hey we just got to
teach at ease your arms when you're here
for bed swimmer yeah funny fun playing
yeah good night
they are just too cute for their own
good and both of them went to bed so
good compared to last night are you
feeling that will sleep better tonight I
definitely like this second light yeah
and they played really hard today and a
lot of fun listen to my book time only
ten minutes in I'll be like good I'm
glad you awake the giant within right
now can you all be tying around yeah yes
are you Robin I think you went by
Anthony earlier on this career but yeah
he goes by Tony Robbins now that's weird
to change it yeah now start going my Jer
not charity no I'm not it's got Jay
Scott Begum Oh
you speak up now another three yeah I
know and I'm say good night yeah baby
fun filthy tomorrow yes
it is going to be tons of fun so make
sure you check it out if you're not
subscribe to that subscribe button if
you enjoyed today's video especially a
train prior give a thumbs up and we will
see you guys tomorrow
thanks for watching Kenai
