sorry coming
so we're going on another camping trip
well I'm not going to call this camping
we're going to an RV park soon and so I
am getting me fridge and freezer all
closed up so we can plug the trailer in
so the fridge in the freezer will be
cool by the time we go I guess when
you're done with the trailer after ship
you want to open it and like crack open
the fridge in the freezer so you don't
get like mildew or any gross smelling
things from the water just staying and
sitting there all the time okay so let's
put it that way in Eragon there we have
power ever since we got the goofy movie
in the van the kids if they're watching
like crazy looks like one of my favorite
Disney movies of all times
bull gooses hobo but I always remember
when they're at the hotel and PJ and
Pete come in with their RV and they want
to hook up the RV in the hotel room and
like oh it's just a small boy who don't
even notice it and PJ comes and he's got
this huge journal cordon around around
they call the cow like having an RV
would be like so miserable but the power
cord is like not very big at all little
guy
Jackson has asked me all morning to play
baseball with him and we can't find his
baseball so raising his tennis ball okay
ready
bunk got your head let's try again
that was daddy's fault I'm not very good
thrower left-handed whoo that was a line
drive Oh
got to move your men whoo good throw
again you want me to catch it now yeah
like this so looks like we need to
practice a little bit of the closing and
the moving of the myth but Jackson throw
is like dead on almost every single time
Jackson I think you might be a pitcher
in your future did you know that yeah
pretty incredible whoa hey you wanna try
anyway did you remember I showed you
okay hold it up I was going to pick with
you isn't long a thumb
yes you can eat one of these delicious
ribs and veggies that I'm cooking now
sure but you have to eat the mango salad
that I'm making on our trip between will
eat it I never said I wouldn't Ellie
come on I'm heading out grocery shopping
outside I'm gonna make the mango stuff
wraps for lunch and he went I mean you
just made a tiny face like I was a
larger team I was like oh and I said I
was done making lunches for everybody I
said I'm not gonna make it then and then
I said Ellie I didn't say I wouldn't eat
it I thought I was enjoying I appreciate
you making that effort and I know you
did but instead at the grocery store
they had a bunch of but instead it was
like I didn't want to veggies going and
I had a half record said they had so I
think Ellie will choose ribs over
anything any day
yeah so I'm going to I have a lot of
stuff that I'm going to make today I'm
going to make our salsa chip dip I'm
going to make those mango rice wrap and
I'm going to have in the fridge and the
camper that way we have stuff to eat and
do we just do this we just said the
family and then we came home early you
know so hopefully this time will go
better but make it up so much now I'm
going to make it pre practice and stuff
for the week Mingo salad done summer
salsa salad done everything is ready to
go in the fridge I just have to do all
my dishes that
been able to do is all while coming to
get a nap this cane is crazy
common he wanted to go to bed pick him
up like 9:30 this morning and I was like
okay check him down for a nap and she
takes a long lat melts 12:30 crazy I
think someone just woke up from a full
hour yeah
so long
so so long cow too hungry
oh you are good I got lots of food for
you you don't think this guy are you
wrong it's okay with your - okay let's
going get your hair so curly
Oh Tommy hey Jackson were you a good boy
okay you run errands over mine Narin
we're running in forgot my wallet
together but thank y'all you're welcome
have fun thanks gonna go do some more
man's laughing well I'm gonna go do some
more woman Stephan returned bro hey
don't show that was inappropriate people
notice on that's only for me and you to
see you through oh boo
okay see ya love you and we have won now
they're going away just they're just
testing him huh did you see that did you
see that no it was cool I mean ice and
you have grass to water alright every
day Jackson asked for us to make a
really cool ramp or I jump for the ramp
so this is what we came up with today
we're stringing it through my chair into
the box do you like that - move over it
okay
ooh that looks cool come start over here
take my favorite do you remember one my
favorite is yes and he always wants it
in my room because the kids love to hang
out up in my room
do you like that does that make you
happy my name okay good job let's take a
new ramp yeah this is what he does all
day this is his favorite this and his
bike is definitely what he likes to play
with yeah when you're scared okay he
came up with that now can doing this
there's no going back
I believe in you I'm so nervous you can
do this now should I do like a little
shy just go for it we're trying to do a
little ah for it you know there's some
things that we should we call Joel or
not I think we got this Jared
there's aluminum there but that's a good
sign yep okay I'd say you're through
yeah that's one okay the honest thing
makes me feel a lot better
yes I think we found the aluminum let's
put it up and there you have it we've
got an articulating television C in my
RV look it even turns that way you want
to watch it sideways inside one-handed
there we go good work we did it we did
it
high-five this is a terrible high-five
so le family is having a little
get-together tonight dinner in there
like a little party so I want to go to
it but I'm not going to go like this I'm
just going to change my shirt real quick
okay this is much better I think I'm
good to go okay ready it's right here ah
got it
you
Kaleigh ready whoa good spiral that was
awesome
okay ready Hey Oh
line drive hi guys you have a po boy I
sure did it was a lot of fun now it's
time for bed hey guys tomorrow
oh my this is adorable you're getting
together with our aunts our cousins
you're gonna have a little lipstick
party excited I love this
and one direction one direction Joe the
moms try and listen for the first time
and I'm here at my cousin's party all my
cousins and beautiful cousins are here
I feel offended for a while and I've
always said it love-hate relationship
but I've never been to like a party and
the way my president explained it was
much better than I've ever heard anyone
explain it so I'm going to try it again
see how I love it the doctor didn't care
once you have to really cook and I've
never tried to stay here John till I go
try that
that's so funny okay take it off boy 18
hours well you know a party is fun when
they bring Swick to it yeah wig and cut
cake
what a fun night we have had with our
cousin and aunt my mom spending the
night you sleeping
I'm a dreamer you see some I better
Jackson's dead we don't know yet I'm
glad that you assimilate mostly for ever
i softly okay we have some cousins
they're sleeping in our other arms
downstairs
so we are going to say good bye
