do you like putting things inside of it
you have anything you can get your trim
puzzle box today by clicking the link in
description down below
well good morning guys and happy Monday
a fresh start to the week everybody woke
up happy healthy and I always take for
granted my health I'm not feeling very
well and then I'm not saying very well
I'm like I need to drink more water I
need to be more hydrated because
yesterday I wasn't feeling well I was
just like all I want to do is belleville
a ton of water but I also didn't want to
like feel 6 I drink so much you know so
I'm going to do a better job of keeping
hydrated but I have my work cut out for
me this morning I have lots of laundry
that's to fold all of this is to wash
wash and a few bedding items so gotta
get to work I have each of the boys hats
and I kind of love whenever I'm picking
up because each of their little cubby so
hat and shoes coat
Calvin good morning oh he just said mine
I'm gonna wash that did you hear him you
were so happy you were so happy to see
your blanket mine you know who that
one's yours oh yes
I need to wash it watch she's gonna get
really mad I got wash it I gotta wash it
you want to hold it
Calvin look mommy needs to wash it it's
dirty
look I'm Kiko smell it ah yeah it's a
piece you can you wash it
my man's yours so cute they are going to
town on our yard today there is so much
stuff going on back here it is exciting
and crazy it's hard to get a good
perspective of what is actually going on
so I think has a good idea to give you a
little look
as you can see penny gets a little
excited about all the commotion that
goes on in the front in the backyard so
there's a ton of stuff going on like you
saw in the backyard in the front yard
they're working on irrigation that's a
sprinkling system and they got a couple
more days with that once that is done
they lay sod and once sod is down we
have to be off of it for one maybe even
two weeks so we've got a few days of
irrigation and then one to two weeks
where we can't be on the grass it's
actually kind of convenient we're going
to be out of town for some of that time
visiting some people and doing some
business things so we're gonna have
penny was that not a surprise okay I'm
so excited I'm so excited this is my
first time out to Kansas City and I
can't wait it's going to be a lot of fun
so because all of that penny is going to
be watched while the back and the front
yard are going to be done so when she is
back she'll have a nice yard to run and
plan yes again and then I think is
she'll be able to continue her training
while she's there too so that's the nice
thing too come on say bye-bye to penny
for a little bit give us to you
yeah sometimes she it shows huh yeah oh
oh yes
kisses she like knows that goofball
that's the whole thing about laughing
like they're just goofballs Oh every lab
I know is just like oh you know what I
read yesterday there was something on
the news about leashes and kids and like
the controversy of it and like a lot of
the comments are like and I could
totally see why people do that so
Shafter having kids like Disneyland
and I hate to say the word leash for
that's what the website had said I like
the harnesses that they have for kids
we're at Disneyland you saw all over and
like I totally get that like kids go
like less tonight all the time and one
of the comments said don't judge me
because until my three-year-old stops
acting like a Labrador I'm going to put
a harness on her and I laugh so hard at
that comment because it's so true
something picks you up like like labs
huh legs bumpy you can get your trains
on the Box today by clicking the link in
description down below yeah she wants to
eat it this is our also I want to eat it
all right here is a before I am getting
my hair done today I had the last time I
got it colored and like really cut with
in January Boni turned it not too long
ago though for me I don't know if I
don't know what I got to do today I'm so
indecisive right now all I want to do is
chop it but I also don't want to regret
except in growing it out for so long
so I'll at least take like an inch off
and we'll color the roots or I'll either
take it like up to here and go like I
don't know really crazy I don't know
what I'm going to do is probably it's
going to be really simple but there's a
little before well gosh darn and I just
dropped off penny and that was more
difficult than I thought it would be
penny to great she's awesome she was
very happy but I'm just I'm just a
little sad that I'm going to be away
from my dog for a little bit she's a
good dog and she's going to do great
while we're gone while the backyard is
being taken care of but you just grow to
love these darn animals these dogs and
I'm going to miss her husband penny
we'll see you soon all right tell me
what you guys think it was so nice
getting my hair done it's very natural
it's kind of like ombre where the roots
are still there and I heard took off a
few inches and the best part of it was
it was free I didn't have to pay for it
because I met my husband at I was so mad
oh I was so sad guys I missed my
appointment I've been on her books for
weeks for weeks I've been so excited to
get my hair done and I missed it
because she's in a studio and I had a
vendor studio and I put in her address
and her address
took me a few towns down when she
actually is in the same town as me and
so my phone died and I charged and I
called her and she they know up in this
town like oh um I miss my appointment so
I was very very sad I was so sad so I
decided what I'm going to do is it's not
a big deal my hair looks fine but I
would have really liked to for it to
have been done so I'm just going to want
to views nights have a Bonnie cut it I
think it needs a few inches so you have
Bonnie cut it again and I'll just get it
colored at the end of summer I'm sure
I'm a little bummed I was really bummed
but now I'm okay after I ate I was a
little hangry too so so a little update
on my eyebrows I give you a little
update every day is I can't get them wet
yet and they are starting to flake which
means they're feeling and she said
definitely don't pick them and they're
kind of itchy because they're like
healing and they're flaking a little bit
and all I want to do is scratch we can't
scratch it because you don't want to
like mess up anything so here in a few
days I can get them wet and then when I
started doing that everything will
lighten up a little bit so that's my
update with those so I'll just be happy
with that for now
I'll have Bonnie cut my hair I don't
even know what to do with it but it
definitely needs a few inches off it's
like really sin and there's lots of
split ends all my lighting is crazy so
total update did you really tell her we
pay her double I of course I did
I wanted to Jared guys jared is B and
sweetest husband ever will be alright I
like that very much you can say that
again
so Jared oh how like that I was I wasn't
able to my hair done today and he said
what's her name I think Mary
I told him the full name is we got on
the car we're going down because there's
so many people in our house everything's
like disrupted right now so we're gonna
do some air and go see my mom and he
said that he called her I called your
hairdresser and I said I know my wife
was love
more than anything I think she needs it
physically and emotionally said that
yeah and is there any way you can
squeeze her in before after hours I was
like I would love to pay you double what
your normal time is or your services
make this happen and there was a
voicemail so poor just waiting to get
back ever you did that I like that is
sweet I mean I did hair for five years
there were several situations I was like
yes we'll just get you in and she is
very busy so I understand if she's and
she's not doing it but how long have you
been waiting to in the hub weeks like
our mall did you know weeks ago to get
in the book I've actually been talking
about there like six weeks and we
couldn't do it and like it was like
right before Florida before playlist and
now and I'm pissed and I felt dumb even
the thought of you doing that and taking
the time to find her and called her was
very very sweet and that made me feel
good and what was funny is I had your
phone this morning and I was you know
just looking at your text messages and I
was like okay because I'm trying to
remember who this lady is because I know
you were texting her and I saw this girl
named Courtney like it's gotta be Court
so I looked up Courtney hairdresser on
Google and I found like actual glass
here that had her name smell that's not
it and then you call and you thinking oh
my gosh what you are to you and that
alone makes me feel really good I owe
you for Mother's Day yes I've got it
I've got
get a physical changes just hire no
stupidness
you you know about it at the time though
later huh right or no the top yeah good
as those can get it done because like
you didn't find a massage I have to I
think there was like a card yeah there
was it just hard and I was like I'm not
gonna not going to go pay this it was
it's okay we're good you're sweet you're
kinda useless off or go to each other
and I fell for you I think good things
for you it's the thought that counts
Polly and yes I would pay double so you
can get in absolutely I was
so we are out here sitting and eating
and talking and Jackson ran out is like
dad dad you got to come see this track
that I just built so all of us have
excuse ourselves from the table and
we're going to see these this track that
Jackson is so excited about I'm kind of
excited to see what do we got here oh my
gosh that is cute look at that using the
foosball table to make your track into
the bomb he can help us there's two
boxes that's cool let's see it in action
bud that was awesome
tonight as we were eating dinner with
Kelly's parents we were talking about
marriage and relationships and and all
of that and I've said this a million
times but talking with happy 41 years to
your parent yes yes happy Anniversary
moment that our congratulations 41 years
of marriage that's crazy amazing we love
you and we're so happy for you but we
are talking about marriage with with
Ali's parents tonight and talking about
balance and I think that's such an
important part about marriage and life
yeah
what was you instagrammed already I
can't remember it's like remember the
past look forward to the future but
enjoy enjoy the present and I think a
lot of times we get stuck worried
worrying about the future and worrying
about things that are behind us but we
need to focus a lot on what we have
right here in front of us - yeah just
some thoughts in my head um yeah
tomorrow if I get a chance I'm going to
ask my parents if they have any good
marriage tips because they've been
married for 41 years so but we're going
to go ahead and call it a night thank
you guys so much for watching the video
today if you enjoyed it be sure to give
it a big thumbs up see ya bye
