I would definitely say this is really
sad but my first Mother's Day I think
you knew about it
good morning guys happy Sunday we here
at the Meachem household are having a
very restful Sunday Calvin is upstairs
sleeping and we've got oh oh she's
really white we've got two sleepers Oh -
one sleeper one Baker one sweeper here
you guys just resting right now watching
movie Rock dog oh my goodness you were
so mad
we chose the movie and then you were
happy when you saw that it was robbed
dog she's like I want to choose that
right no no we will you guys getting
your cuddles in right now no fun what is
name I don't know Gary why am I here
let's watch the movie and we'll find out
it's like me if you guys didn't know
watching a movie with Ellie Oh whole
nothi watching movies with Ellie is like
you have to predict the future of the
movie and answer the question that she
is asking as a movie is playing that you
are just watching for the first time
that's like watching a movie with Alicia
- movie Oh Rock dog did
happy Sunday's happy fumbles to you and
my eyebrows I haven't been able to get
them wet yet
oh I think here in a few days I can like
at the week mark and then they'll start
to lie enough that you update you don't
have eyebrows I do but they're dark
right now
Wow yeah I don't like poopoo neither did
you Trudy
no downstairs you choose you don't stir
scat I was trying to poop oh love you I
plow through roughed up Benny sit good
girl penny good girl take a break good
girl penny it is too beautiful not to
come out today and take penny for a
little walk so we are enjoying the
beautiful nature having a great time
walking my dog
you having fun penny she loves this
place in 92 I feel like these birds are
plotting to attack me or something oh
Jesus
they have been squawking nonstop at me
just by walking by here that's scary
where's our scary man
in groups lumber by itself now birds and
groups that's scary
she sees me do it she's been dude no I
want to see the entry okay
go fart Coco Coco
oh come on penny jump in there well two
six weeks later all right guys we have
been having a very relaxed cuddly day
we've been watching shows with the kids
and just kind of hanging out while
they've been getting over their sickness
and I'm ready to call it a safe day yeah
yeah we'll call it sick day are we
taking a sick day
yeah I am so instead of filming a full
daily vlog we thought it would be fun to
play a little game called never have I
ever
so I will have these for you and I have
these for me and I have a list of
questions already got now okay ready
never have I ever got a ticket from a
police officer ready mmm Oh what did you
do um I got it was the time that I took
to be school and my mom was like so mad
at me every day uh-huh right Ellie like
stay in school yeah I kept skipping and
when I got a ticket and then I was just
scared to tell her like a speeding
ticket uh-huh oh and then she found out
like a few excited for Cameron or
something it was like what is wrong
Ellie you're skipping school and good
ticket but I had time for lunch
good because I'm sitting in the car with
you hey slow down there slow down there
I've never had a speeding ticket I've
never had any tickets to that matter
never have I ever stolen something I was
little and let me let me return it so I
accidentally stolen something I think I
vlogged about it I accidentally stole
his water bloons I just walked out with
them it was completely unintentional but
I had totally taken money from my
parents when I was a little kid without
them knowing my mom had like a little
coin purse and she felt like a little
dollars in there and when me and my
friends would go to the gas station
sometimes I would sneak in there and I
grab like $2 it was never more like ours
was penny jar before yeah
never have I ever given someone a fake
number I had never good that off how
many times did you give your phone
number out I'm seeing my number out a
lot at work yeah um sorry also that was
like in my head I thought this is like
my time today yeah sometimes I knew that
people were nervous so I just figured if
I gave them my number they don't have to
call me but listen did obviously like in
college we would play games to see how
many numbers we can get and I don't know
if Emily like a good thing to say or
brag about but I always did the best I
got I was like yeah I was got the most
fun numbers because I was fun like I was
having fun it wasn't like hey I'm gonna
have your number and we're gonna you
know it was like let's have fun let's go
on a day and party and have fun
never have I ever lied about liking a
gift oh sure um I think I have lied a
couple times about gifts that you've
given me I think clothes specifically
sometimes you'd buy clothes I'm like
great
nice I would definitely say this is
really sad but my first Mother's Day I
think you knew about it
it was he got me a gift card for a
massage yeah and it wasn't your fault
but and it's not even a big delicious
and healthy but I just
besides I thought this is my first
Mother's Day I need something better
than a massage I said it when I massage
I wanted like something tangible
something memorable and I never got the
massage because he didn't pay for it he
just gave me the certificate no I paid
more enix I didn't do it and you gave me
like a $40 gift card to Sephora which I
really love
my first haul I ever did so much
grateful fit up though it wasn't
are you sure member being high at all
now is chief I'm sorry I guess I owe you
for a Mother's Day I'm sorry um well
unfortunately we had to cut that game
short Ellie is just not feeling all that
great right now we both talked about how
we wanted to play that game and I think
it'd be a lot of fun and I think we'll
definitely do it in the future but I
want Ellie to rest right now but in the
meantime if you guys have any questions
that you want us to do for the game
leave them in the comments down below it
and when Ellie gets better we will pick
up where we left off I think we're just
going to take it easy for the rest of
the night maybe even tomorrow just while
the family is recouping the kids
actually are doing a whole lot better
today both Jackson and Calvin are doing
tons better and I think Ellie is on the
mend I think by tomorrow's show feeling
I'll be feeling a lot better
the question is me and this is kind of
an interesting thing as I don't usually
get sick but will this bug get me that
is the question we'll find out I really
don't think it will maybe I'm speaking
too soon I don't know Oh before you go
real quick if you missed it the Google
store video is up on our channel it'll
actually be the video just right before
this one we have so much fun making it
we have so much fun filming it if you
haven't checked it out I'll add a link
down below and in the iCard I would love
for you guys to check it out and tell me
what you think and I will see you guys
tomorrow thank you again for watching
bye
