who's here who's on our house Calvin I
think they got the point guys
good morning guys and happy Saturday I
have two things to discuss first my hair
this poor little tender hair has been
ripped off so much so it grows and grows
and then like I'll have Calvin as a
toddler Jax might grab it and
accidentally like you know rip them
break it off for this poor piece is
getting shorter and shorter so I'm
getting a haircut on Monday so hopefully
everything can be blended and then the
second thing I told you guys about the
Dermalogica based remover that I really
liked last week that I got it all tests
and people wondered where I got it I
tried the same brand but the shear
tinted like moisturizer you don't think
that I love it because my skin looks
like when I put it on it like balls up
like the product you have to hurry and
just like wipe it on just once you can
Trevor anything it's kind of weird how
to apply it and it falls definite kind
of feels weird
so don't love this but you love their
face remover now before I get started on
my office I want to explain myself okay
well it's not it's not the whole thing
it's just this one particular thing in
my office so my office is still messy
it's still early in the morning we just
woke up but you're probably wondering
why the heck is there giant thing of
Crisco in your office Jared are you were
you thinking that oh no I was you
weren't thinking that well it's I know a
lot of you guys were thinking that for
that well yeah why wouldn't you be
wondering there's a giant thing is Chris
Cup and a sausage I was using it as a
stand for my microphone when I was
streaming on Twitch the night cuz it
makes a perfect size to lift up my
microphone I'm picky at the kitchen I
don't take that for you thank you and I
will pick up my office perfect you may
not believe me but I'm a man of my word
you clean drew I sure did would you like
to see the results follow me Scizor
follow me wife follow me Ellie you
follow me on Jude you never probably did
know you called me just once and I
corrected Chris SS 10 like that very
much
okay let's riot shield them the goggles
they do nothing okay come on in
this is my fault yeah that's your stuff
looks good huh
I even used the wood polish and vacuumed
and did everything looks good
see this is what the office is supposed
to look like
right so you think good well thank you
very much
I was thinking that I want to try and
work on is you guys know that I'm trying
to do such a cable management especially
with the PC that I have there but I also
want to do some like charging station
stuff so we're more efficient with like
charging up our camera batteries and
everything because the worst thing in
the world is when you want to grab your
camera to vlog a clip and the batteries
are dead basically we charge a lot of
things in this office and the cables are
everywhere the batteries are everywhere
so I want to have like a charging power
station so everything has a place
everything is in its place and
everything is charged so when we were
out of the battery we know we can go
right here grab it good to go so that's
kind of my goal today is maybe to see if
I can build something like that it's a
beautiful summer weekend and I thought
it would be the perfect time to get this
guy back in business and Grill some
hamburgers it's been a while though
since we've used it and I can't remember
the propane level so we're going to try
it out if there's no propane will just
go switch it out real quick and then
we'll get these burgers going BBQ wood
in the summertime I want to do this more
I really want to get good at this kind
of stuff I feel like I can prepare a
steak pretty well but I want to be good
at all things reeling now I'm just
thinking here with my mind and my brain
in my head that since it has been since
the wintertime or since we actually when
we live in our old place the sense we've
used this it's probably a good idea to
check the the the connections for any
leaks and so there's a really easy trick
to check that and I'll show you here in
just a second so what you do is you
actually just take some soapy water and
you pour it over the connections and
over the pipe and if the bubbles get
bigger or their bubbles appear that's
not that's how you know you have a leak
in your propane tank or the connections
and everything and then you tighten that
up as the league's persist then you
should probably get it checked out okay
our looks pretty good okay
I think that's sufficiently covered I
think we are good
everything looks properly sealed we've
got flame egde clicks ooh we're not dead
yet yes that's the key word we're all
going to die someday it's kind of morbid
but it's the truth to realist
well aren't you guys a sight for sore
eyes welcome home mijo yeah I bet and we
missed you mom and dad just got back
from a cross-country trip pretty amazing
huh
it was we missed you a lot all right
guys lunch is ready done these burgers
look pretty good they look delicious to
the taste and I am so excited
yeah we've also got corn and the secret
to sweet delicious corn these add a
little bit of sugar to the boiling pot
that's the trick I always like to learn
little secrets of like making things
taste good and all that I learned that
when corn is old you do that
not four not four fresh corn one thing I
learned is that when you come to LA and
Jared's house you have to specifically
ask for tomatoes that's good I don't I
don't like him Ellie would probably eat
him if I am I was just gonna say where
you just munching on one as far as the
sugar goes we just like sugar on
everything every time sweet I got you
know mm-hmm that's why I put sugar on my
teeth every morning I think I'm sweet
okay so lunch was delicious those
hamburgers were great and the corn
turned out not perfect I'm at Lowe's
right now and I got this little dinky
here so we can charge a bunch of
different things so I've got with the
USB chargers too so that's pretty cool
and it's a surge protector which is nice
stephane wd-40 for the trailer because
those doors creak when they open a lot
so okay this is going to be some of the
fun I want to get like a little wire
basket so I can put things on top and
below this almost there well today has
been quite the day I woke up had a
little crazy morning with the kids they
weren't feeling very well Jackson threw
up on me had a little quiet time rest
lunch and now they're all ready to play
what are you doing you're painting yes
we broke out a little painting it's such
a hot day out so you open this out up
and I think the kids are having fun what
are you thinking Cal oh that works too
this is so cute we got this and kids
haven't use it to paint yet so there we
have it okay so the blue brush goes in
the blue then we'll see how long that
lasts
yeah can you paint green
pretty painting some emails I like it it
shall be met easily
can I pay a son yeah that's pretty yeah
there's a son this is the sign you see
it's yellow
what's this one it's you know the son of
the group yeah
their message that kind of looks
different triangle Hey mm-hmm ah see it
didn't last long
you got it in the yellow so you feeling
a little better Jax you're a little sick
this morning huh I learned smelling that
yeah you came in threw up a little bit
but I'm glad to see you be happy and
yourself and you're doing much better
I think everyone got a little bug huh
yeah okay it's so pretty I actually
really like it I think it's key watching
kids paint three Boxey mom hey I don't
like the way you think Yahoo Bing
Cullman hmm why make a mess on me
the boys wanted a yellow car and now I
have a yellow car
Wow and although flat tell us what
you're doing what do that give you
powers to go fast
hmm close my kind of Saturday what do
you guys think pretty good hey Jackson
you got something on your nose what is
it
paint Kevin's looking at it did you guys
have fun painting good do you leave lots
of colors did you color yourself your
silly look at all the pain you guys have
all over you even on mom what color is
this Jackson good job what color is this
that's right I'm gonna call you this
what the colors that no what color is
this right here short oh that's right oh
no I don't know ah now you're painting
and sticky who's here
who's on our house Calvin I think they
got the point guys hey I'm so glad you
guys had fun painting that was such a
fun idea mom bye are we all tired yeah
like really this is some kind of war you
guys out huh okay okay let's go let's go
you're turner my turn he's such a big
guy huh
I just finished watching the final edit
of the video that Jared and Google has
been working together for a really long
time on it was really fun watching Jared
and the kids make this video the kids
had so much fun making this video and
you will definitely be able to tell when
you watch it this video is going to be
up later today after the vlog goes up
and Jared worked really hard on it and I
know that he would appreciate it if you
guys went and gave it a ton of love so
go and give a ton of comments the Jared
can go and read what you guys think
about this video well guys that is going
to be it from us today thank you guys so
much for watching the video we hope you
had a wonderful weekend and a
start to a brand new week somewhere
you'll see you guys next time
thanks for watching bye
