Kevin can you come choose the circle
where's the oval mister where's the oval
look I started look I started I want to
know it ah
you
well good morning guys this has been our
day today we're hanging out in Calvin's
room we are watching the workers looking
with that this is where our sprinklers
are going to go in my goodness and so
excited we're hanging out in Calvin's
room today because I'm letting Calvin be
stark naked he has not been feeling well
the last few days he's acting fine but
he doesn't feel well he's had a lot of
runny diapers and he hasn't thrown up a
ton but he has a little bit like we woke
up to come home from camping he woke up
throwing up a little bit and then last
night he woke up with a bad guy for
again and then threw up a little bit
like was awesome or like spit up but
there was I don't know it's like not
very much but he was so he's not feeling
very well time watching him in here
because his little poor bum I've done
everything that I know how is the mom to
take care of his buns right now I think
you just need to have nothing on it and
just air oh I know he escapes poor mr.
what you doing we just clean these
floors you just want to run yeah what
store fun dad or mother door closed okay
right here life has changed quite a bit
lately because Calvin opens doors now
right now we have to keep everything
here close this close that one you can
run out here we just were watching the
workers ten oh my god you won't get poor
baby makes my heart hurt when they don't
feel well like that are you my little
shopping buddy today yeah there are a
lot of special times in life one that
especially is getting married and having
a baby and we have two people in our
neighborhood that are doing just that we
got a little wedding gift and now we
need to go get a little baby gift for
our friend my friend from church should
you tell her baby so we're gonna go get
her I was oh cool so we are a truly and
you guys have heard Bonnie and I
specifically talked a lot about really
they have really cute dresses and stuff
you're like look at these cute leggings
who
those are cute I wish they had smaller
sizes because a lot of stuff because
they really fit me but I have found some
dresses and tops I really like and they
have a cute little baby section here so
since we're I'm going to pick out a
little gift oh that's the cool T on
through I like it
you are a good dancer good job I like
seeing me dance I have been in my office
for hours and hours and hours this
morning pretty much since the minute I
woke up to right now three o'clock I
have been in my office working and it's
been a lot of fun I'm working on some
really cool stuff that is like kind of
like a dream come true for me so I'm
pretty excited about that but because
I've been in there so much for the past
while it's kind of turned into a
disaster and I'm kind of I'm nervous and
embarrassed to show you guys I'm really
embarrassed because I don't want my
office to look like this but it does
I mean there's just junk everywhere oh
that is that is bad news okay are you
gonna teach penny how to swim oh my gosh
she just loves staying around the edge
he doesn't like to tread out in the
water go for it then he go for it you
can do it
go for it she's thinking about it Go Go
Go penny I'm so glad you made a friend
you guys have been in the water Penny's
coat looks so honey with all the water
you look so good then huh see that's it
you are you look stuffy beautiful
outside today guys warm and hot and you
saw but there is still snow on the
mountain it's a party hahahaha I feel
like I'm a gang up on Penny's you saw me
on the red can run the only girl there
we're going with you're gonna stay back
so teachers say that
I'm out of here
she still gets nervous Sanjay no I get
the ball oh no oh maybe bring them back
they're just the best but oh my god
there's another lab it's a slab city
today I like that
I've been quizzing you so you thought it
would be fun to quiz me is that right
yeah what is on here you tell me where
the O is and then I'll show you oh yes
okay so o is right there you're right
okay yeah could you show me this first
and then I'll show you yes I think that
is right there ooh you show me first a
good job here this is a trick question
what shape is this triangle oh let's see
let's lay them out okay you show me
where the triangle is good job so where
is the hexagon hexagon do you know what
the hexagon looks like exercise I don't
know if you know but that one's the
hexagon and where's the oval
yeah Calvin can you come choose the
circle
Calvin is feeling much better guys this
day has been good to have him sittin
rest today where's the oval mister
reviewable diabo look when I started
look I started I want to know what ha
crazies we're having paralyzed those
bean bags seen that fight yes I thought
doesn't nothing yet the winder kid up
kids up right before bed do people think
that you should ride on your kids up
before bed where I'm out or have a
peaceful quiet annotators you find a
boat you kind of go crazy and the RC
book prayer song sorry we're going crazy
right now
yeah yeah yeah well let go were you
I drove 15 minutes there 15 minutes back
to get donuts from national donut day
and they were out of any flavor except
the leis oh wait wait into bed glaze is
feel good is it a good doughnut though
we've never been here before
it was good yeah it was good did you eat
one on the way did you meet my mom
already I want to be a maple bar for you
boom you're out I was so sad but this
works
well thanks hon that's fun national
donut day we missed it last year I
remember I saw how the heck did I miss -
hold on I got to bring me one for you Oh
perfect thank you that's that's that's
about right
do you remember when we were at Carlin
Ginny's house and we made that giant
giant gummy Jonah that was pretty crazy
huh
it didn't taste like a donut for any
good flavor gummy at all in fact it was
really nasty tasting gelatin is not that
great without flavoring cool yeah it
just looked really cool it looked tasty
not tasty ah okay we're going to call it
a night on national donut day the kids
are asleep my office is still messy but
I'm going to remedy that I promise you
don't worry it will and I will provide
proof of that very shortly okay do you
have anything you want to say to our
friends before we partake of this
delicious donut dinner den their donut
not dinner but don't have dessert well I
was just feeling better
Ellie everyone you two-faced good hey
guys I'm not good I don't think good
like I don't think they look great now
but they're not that scary every time we
do a thumbnail or we like we set up a
pose for a thumbnail that looks like can
I just be like the ugliest face yeah I
like I don't want to let you smile I
want to be like oh gee I wanted to like
a scary face okay do something and we
can screenshot these
the signal if you're watching it have a
war with it yeah a little extra scarier
than my eyebrows or a little more dark
you know he said he doesn't want to
watch the despicable Me version to movie
because it's very artful minion but I
think it might just be a year face I
don't wanna watch the purple thanks for
watching guys we'll see you tomorrow
have a wonderful weekend and thanks for
watching bye
