and then and then and then and and a
Batman is that right he's coming down
the road
I am really glad that we made our first
trip just up the road because we're
cutting it short and I think we're going
to go home
it is 5:00 in the morning and there's
throw-up all over Calvin's been up all
night
pooping so we'll clean up and oh poor
guy this is a story for sure huh we
packed everything we kind of had a rough
day get in here we got here Jared left
jerking back Calvin was poopy and not
feeling well his diarrhea yeah and now
we're going to pack up and go home
and this I'm sure has happened to a lot
of people so I am just gonna be like oh
my gosh
okay different yeah you're a good sport
about us going home no huh because we're
going to come back a lot but we had to
break in the new camper the kid way you
know we all had to poop and throw up in
it okay we're getting kind of practiced
this is all your laughs an adventure I
might as well make it happen
right bald applause the covers are so I
know I didn't say the plastic covers up
it really wasn't that bad yeah and the
point of us buying this camper was like
think of all the memories we make and I
actually kind of got the first time was
like a little crazy because we can look
back and just kind of laugh I got a
little camera
it was pretty a Polaroid camera to take
a picture of every trip that we go on
and I got a good one at Calvin not being
good like well so that means none of us
first in the elders you know the first
of the camping album what time did he
wake up four three four
he wasn't you were the night wasn't too
bad I just could smell like he had
pooped a few times before bed and then
the mill denied I could smell him so I
changed him and he wasn't happy but it
was like all over and it changes clothes
and me and Porco we all of the van
really stinks guys so my eyebrows feel
better today so that's the Delta plus
level of I'm getting faster at hooking
of the trailer that's with Plus penny
did great that's applause I'm really
happy to drive far though yeah well
another thing is like there's so many
beautiful campgrounds around our
neighborhood why not
I mean neighborhood I mean like area
terraria that we live
why not use those first you know and
then once we're comfortable with
everything that we do and we have a
system down then we can go on branch out
you know what I mean very smart while
some of you guys may think that this was
all for nothing it wasn't because like I
said I'm actually kind of glad this
happened right now because Ellie and I
you were just making a list of like okay
throw up diarrhea and all these things
we just made a big list of things that
we didn't have in the camper that would
be nice to have in the situation so
we're just going to be more prepared for
more diapers eyebright tonic diapers I'm
like oh this is plenty for like two
nights and then we went through all of
them in one night so it's kind of nice
to knock it out of the way and get a
list of things like for example we have
to like headlamps and I don't know if we
brought those in the camping kit now
they're not in a trailer but they're in
a garage yeah they're in the garage so I
wish I would have had that because I had
the flashlight in my mouth
flat late last night getting penny
situated by the headline why would have
been more comfortable so things like
that check done ready for next time
let's go
seriously get him in the bath we'll go
back camping again that is what we're
going to do do some laundry cook up that
campus
so Ellie and the kids are taking a quick
little nap and I'm running a few errands
you guys remember Bryan got me this bad
boy for my birthday and the instant I
got it I drove it at my house and broke
the wheel let me show you this wheel is
not supposed to be doing that and this
supposed to be connected so I think I
found a hobby shop here in town that
will fix it for me and cross my fingers
at least well that was fast
the answer's no still broken
all right Jax and I are out here playing
the game of what did I just draw you
drew the circle and you drew the pool
too that was cool what should I draw not
dissing this is pretty easy but he not
that is okay no sorry check mark and
what's this it's a diamond is that I did
J for Jackson yeah yeah so they are
getting our sprinkling systems all
marked up and Calvin is launched out on
my bed that's a pool yeah that's pretty
cool wave my god wait no octopus Chucky
more legs what is he doing and is he
dropping it on a gravel in the dirt on
the ground so crazy
whoa they're pretty cute fit in there I
don't care for that excuse me what do
you want to do
I'm not class entry when they when the
worker bees he wants to take his
Batmobile and he wants to run it into
all the rocks and I don't see why that
would be a problem so when he needs
maybe you could do that then and then
and then and then and then a Batman is
that right he's coming down the road
okay back up you doing like a spaceship
as a second office no ok caster no
thanks Chuck all of these things are
here so much that you kind of think that
maybe it's ours huh that is not our
tractor that's our workers truster
that's our friend is doing all of our
yard work huh you're - no master
blacksmith I can assist our x-man huh -
laughing fast huh all right Jax and I
have been outside like all morning
because Calvin has been napping and I
just checked the mail and this is what
we have to do
it's star valley my mom used to always
go there her parents had a piece of
property there but it's for it's not
really camping because you know there's
so many cool things but there's a
seven-night hookup for your RV you can
fish you can swim we have to book one I
want to go there world renowned
pickleball courts consider it done what
is one pickleball tennis that's cool I
told Racer we have to do this I think
that sounds amazing with our schedule
yeah put it on there cuz I would love to
be that I can have you questioned I said
it once and I'll say that all I love our
neighborhood because all these kids like
this is so fun to see our kids play with
these other kids see what they do and
what they figure out today they are
chopping here I was called online to get
in this and arose it out oh look how
nice is it that they're even asking is
Calvin want to get in you know yeah what
not just Alvin do you want to drive quit
we gave them all popsicle so everyone
has a popsicle around riding around on
the bike the yard workers they were here
today landscapers they're doing awesome
I can't like all of our piping for our
water is going in on my show so just
Morales made like Negri guy I saw
someone comment or tweet that we should
do a compilation of every time we said
when we have dress oh my god yeah
toughen up these creams are like so
terezi
well would you look at that 23,000 miles
it is pretty crazy to me that we have
had the van for almost a year now and
we've traveled 23,000 miles with this
guy poor Calvin has been feeling a
little bit better today but he's still
having some diarrhea we've been pumping
him with fluids all day so that's been
helping him 600 and everything but I've
got to come to the store and grab a
couple more things but his personality
and everything he's back to them old
self and computed this morning it was
pretty sad to see him like that but he's
coming along she's got to keep him
hydrated
joint
wait a second just hold hold the phone
literally hold the phone Papa Tom are
you watching philip defranco without me
again I said hurry up Ellie you know how
we feel about this watch our shows yeah
it's time to watch our show so late the
kids for Calvin guys we were going to do
something like use him tonight but this
poor bum I know I was just laying around
being such a rash before
yeah just like irritated yeah he's on
getting him some liquids and medicine
and hopefully tomorrow will be better
but so Ellie just rocked Calvin to bed
and it's always the hardest like when
kids don't feel well but the cuddles are
so nice that's like my favorite thing
about kids being sick if anyone can find
a silver lining and kids they pick it up
look what it's true
do tell it's pretty good anyway just
until you're like Jackson Calvin died we
laid in bed wash like two movies today
was awesome yeah I just like loved it no
I loved it the cuddles are real and
although our camp got cut short today
you know we learned a lot about things
that we want to bring with us and we're
going to be going next week is it next
week or the week after we're going again
soon so not all is lost
we're still very excited it's not quite
as camping not like what we did yeah it
they have like a park in the facility
that yes so we're just using the trailer
but all-in-all it's it's still very
exciting we get to use a trailer and I'm
very excited about it with that being
said the kids are in bed and that means
that you guys have to go so we're going
to call it a night thank you guys so
much for watching the video today we
hope you have a wonderful it's the
weekend for you guys and we want you
tomorrow by eyebrows I'm just a joke la
they look good I have my neck oh my
goodness gracious so many changes spikes
