good Mikey giving each other looks on us
making your life
good morning guys today is extra special
because we are going to take our camper
out for the first time so instead of me
making a zucchini boats I always make it
into a zucchini casserole because the
kids to eat it a lot better that way I'm
going to make a good meal here and pack
with us that way we like cook and stuff
up there and then we'll have like hot
dogs and marshmallows and snacks and
sandwiches while we're up wherever we
decide to go so we've got lots of food
lots of snacks lots of fruit I'm very
excited to go all right this is such an
easy simple cheap mill it's tsukimi
cut-up cup of salsa black beans corn
rice cheese on top cumin and chili
powder and put in the oven for like 20
minutes
so that's what it is I put it on the
stove top to front 15 minutes just to
soften up some stuff I also have bell
peppers in there too so everything is
cooked I'm excited to show you what we
all have packed in the camera ok are we
going to give them a little tour you
know what's in that drawer right all
right so we have some things that are
ready we have a little yogurt we have
some drinks we have some eggs hot dogs
some fruit and our dinner
Jackson you show them what's in this
drawer hey tweet there are some treats
we have some marshmallows some crackers
some granola bars and two candy
necklaces and then in here we have some
breakfast
oatmeal peanut butter sandwiches stuff
so that's what's in there and then we
can't forget the adults of butt-wipe no
one want to think about even though we
have that in there nice pipes I can
sense the judgment coming and I don't I
don't want you to be upset that my
eyebrows look a little angry today and
then I have spot white both things are
equally important guys my eyebrows this
morning they definitely hurt a little
bit I really like the shape and I'm
really excited for them to lighten up a
little bit a little dark on the edges
for my liking but
but I think once that light ends up I'm
going to really really like them but for
now I'll just look a little Stern for a
few days but seriously Bellevue's about
wipes are the best
there's washable cleansing cloths and I
really like them because I made these
that are amazing you guys I'm excited we
have some too for a shoes and here I
have our names on the back of each of
them and after you brush your teeth and
you put in there's a light and it will
kill down here yes but I think that that
kind of toothbrush let's go to special
camping because we just want to leave it
in here like what's in here we want to
leave in here not take out and bring in
like toothbrushes and stuff so that
would be nice especially if you only go
camping like
once a month or every other month or
something it doesn't feel gross it's
like the toothbrush is cleaned I got
those on Amazon I just searched like
travel toothbrushes look at me huh I got
those for you in Kelvin it's called a
candy necklace I thought that might be
kind of fun I think everybody has the
same thing that happened to see their
before pictures or before leaving on
like a trip where the house is chaotic
kids are screaming nobody's very happy
and then you get in the car and you're
good we are finally loaded up after the
day will get faster and faster the more
we do this but we are on our way are we
all happy now I am so so excited to be
honest I didn't get a stress because I
thought I was hooking up trailer I think
there was one pickup but we figured it
out on our own
and we're good yeah you did great the
kids I think are just like they were so
excited and then they don't realize this
could take all day you know like you do
it seems to but this is rubber
heaven beautiful beautiful area well we
are here we are settled Calvary no have
my bookbag
Scott Jackson we brought the kids bikes
we didn't bring our bike because this is
our first time we figured we'd kind of
just keep it subtle and I'm regretting
it a lot I wish that we had our bike so
I mean you brought your bike so luckily
we're not very far so if we wanted to we
could go back and get in like if Jared
when he goes to import footage she could
go pick him up he wants so maybe or just
maybe next time we'll bring our bikes
can you blow on it MacLeish that works
too and you're so dirty google ow okay
guys I'm going to see if I can be the
one that starts a fire chairs over this
phone I'm you come here chair you can
give me tips you can help the camera
know hey one match that's all you get
it's not on Survivor let's see it come
on sister girl no come on do you want
some more kindling some more like
lighter stuff without help slide your
stuff yeah some stuff that's not so
heavy
like this yeah just get all the crap
give me one more maybe okay I think that
looks a little bit better
and don't get the matches on fire why
not I mean that's gonna die down huh
we have some in-between sticks like that
any one's bigger than that oh it's going
you're doing good come on what can we
finish cheering you on yeah that's right
Oh probably looking orders that's the
rules you have to have all of your wood
ready to go before your fires starting
because you know you never know if
you're gonna need more right away it's
going less buckets today
no it's perfect and remember you want to
kind of like square it up like a log
cabin what I can hear you're doing good
penny it's helping getting the kindling
ready - is that a good piece for me yeah
tuna there we go there you go yeah pull
that off pull that piece off good yeah
sighs good job penny thank you Oh huh
created fire I'm so proud of myself
Pacific tastes hot hot hot he's trying
to throw it in there do you get the wood
give it to Daddy should you get the wood
good good job Jack's problems come in so
again
all right now that everything is set up
I finally feel like I can take a breath
and show you guys exactly what we have
going on here are we going to grow some
hotdogs it's gonna be pretty sweet huh
and grapes you want to grill some grapes
over the fire okay we can do that so
Ellie just got the fire going which I'm
very proud of her that's awesome but she
had some great teachers don't you think
Wow and young little young woman's
that's right that's right and her dad I
haven't taught Ellie anything about this
kind of stuff so all of the props go to
her family and young women a little good
I'll take it so you probably shared
something in the background that's
actually really quiet you can't you can
probably barely hear over the sound of
my voice the generator that heats up
keeps up and powers pretty much
everything in the trailer we have food
we have milk
we have juice we have cold stuff all in
the trailer like how cool is that
it's an awesome little generator that
we've got to power that so we've got the
fire here we've got some food here we
got a pretty woman here and she's my
wife we're gonna have some dinner and
dinner is served
can I keep giving each other what's goin
on shaking or like things are kind of
crazy hectic and so we're setting up
like yeah it's just a little crazy right
now you have to get through all your
kinks before things go smooth right well
we've got food here you guys enjoy your
hot dogs good and grapes and drinks
goosfraba we're doing okay right guys
this has been difficult but it's fun yes
right that's a good way to describe it
Oh
Oh
hey Jackson should we go home tonight
you wanna stay the night okay counting
yeah this is our nice bed it's been like
trying to set up trying to contain the
kids trying to set up a fire like my
family's gone this way Calvin I go this
way start the fire keep penny out of the
fire keep the kids out of the fire it's
just the first night I think that's what
I keep telling ourselves it'll get
better
okay Cal she does this mean we're going
back are you ready for bed do you want
to stay here go home
so Jared's actually gonna go home and
upload cuz home is not very far away so
we'll get the kids to bed he'll do that
so it's funny I can't wait to look at
the stars tonight though I wish I could
film all that but we have to like end
the vlog too you know upload it good to
us well we just crashed your knee a
minute ago huh yeah how are we gonna are
we making good memories even though it's
a little crazy well it's still really
fun all right my beautiful baby boys you
got a drink and a little snack we're
going to say good night I love you was
it a fun day guys fun day camping the
kids are very excited to get in their
sleeping bags they are exhausted their
eyes are red it's just been it's been
one of those days one of those days so I
knew delay right here and I'm going to
like talk to you guys as we go to bed
okay thank you guys so much for watching
tomorrow's going to be a better
fun-filled day for us today was fun but
just overwhelming half the battle is
just getting here and setting up the
gala we're used to it we're good to go
yes I'm excited to lay with you babies
bye bye bye bye bye it looks so bright
in here cuz the cameras in this truck
thanks for watching guys make you smart
we forgot to distress
you get that smart
