yeah just Jessamyn and now Ellie is more
worried like nervous about your thoughts
than mine she doesn't really care about
what I think about she must know you
think about that yeah close your eyes I
saw that oh my gosh no
what yeah what let me just sit there
don't let me sit while you go to sleep
hmm
hey where you going take her now where
you putting yourself down for a nap yeah
no just taking me wherever you want me
to go okay I'm falling yeah right now
your shoes cool good morning guys I am
doing something today that I've been
wanting to do for years so I worked in a
salon for five years and one of my
really good friends did permanent makeup
and I was always way too nervous to do
it and I'm glad that I waited because
times have changed a lot and things look
a lot more natural and subtle but I'm
going to hang out with my friend Nell
today she does micro bleeding just kind
of like permanent makeup it lasts about
a year and then you need to get a
touched up but she is going to touch the
ends of my eyebrows up if you look at my
eyebrows really closely and look in the
viewfinder
the ends of my eyebrows do not grow I
used to like hate my eyebrows but I love
my eyebrows now more than I ever have
I've tried really hard not like over
plucked them stuff last few years it's
taking years seriously to like get the
shape but every day I wake up and I use
the Anastasia brow Wiz pencil and I like
drama ever azan and then do my mascara
and whatnot but I'm excited to try this
and see how I like it it's taking me a
while to find someone to the I trust and
then I like their work so I'm excited to
get them done good morning guys one of
my favorite things as a kid was having
sleepovers with my buddies and then
waking up really early in the morning
and playing video games because usually
we would do it
right when a brand new video game came
out and sure enough what are you guys
doing hi Mario yep
didn't bother me left foot set Oh oh my
god she's reading today is good I like
that bureaucratese as you can see things
are getting pretty intense on there but
totally reminds me of my childhood
I love this very very much alright guys
I'm all numbed up ready to go my friend
Mel is here do you want to tell them a
little bit about micro flavor
so my explaining is a semi-permanent
form of cosmetics so we do is we implant
like tiny hairlike strokes into the skin
and we rub pigment in there and it does
need to be touched up about every six to
twelve months so the great thing about
it is it gives the most natural-looking
result because we're just adding hair
like strokes rather than like a full-on
permanent cosmetic yes I told her I said
it's just my ends that don't have hair
that I want to get touched up it's like
the front I really like and she's like
yeah I do that all the time and on her
Instagram she has lots of very natural
look so it sounds like I think will be a
good fit so I'm not going to lay down
here I'm not for the instance of a great
thing too is that is customizable to
every person you know people who maybe
need a lot of work time you can cut my
fat or people who maybe just need a
little bit like her we can just fill in
those fun so you post a picture like a
few days ago yeah there's are people
that have no I rouse at all and then she
still does like just softest looking
eyebrows I was I dropped crazy so I'm
excited for her to draw them on to see
kind of like the shapes - it'll be so I
can't see anything guys I don't know if
you can see there but you might be able
to see a love that she's taking it's
like a blade almost is it yep so it
feels like lately it's crazy
it doesn't hurt her a little at first
show some numbing stuff oh I'm a little
nervous but I'm mostly excited because I
do not have eyebrows on the end so it's
gonna be so nice not to have to do that
every single day what do you think this
is pretty cool
those are four R's in the backyard on
the ground that make you pretty nervous
any huh that make you pretty nervous
it's a good girl your exist there you go
mr. Shue this morning Calvin fell asleep
in my arms and it was the cutest thing
in the whole entire world and I was just
able to get him down for a nap
we're playing outside today because it's
so stinking beautiful outside I don't
know what it is
ever since the kids got out of school
the kids in our area just got our school
on Friday the weather has been
unbelievable it's been gorgeous and
beautiful it's been hot so we're playing
outside with all these cool fun toys you
guys ready to rock today okay show me
what you got I'm gonna follow all the
tracks
oh and let's get
Oh minimus
oh oh oh wow that happen keep your eye
on the ball yeah knock-knock
then you drive you home hello how are
you
I watched hi Cal right here oh I was
selling you misty when I don't know
speaking miss long her you bested me
thank you
I'll take carrot how can you get like
run to a faster to be with laughing yeah
now I know you tripped and fell I'll put
the clip in razor
he was on his bike and he fell and he
was just laughing it was so cute are you
ready I don't know is this dressing is
it I don't feel like it's drastic it's
very dark right now after like four or
five days it will heal and it won't be
this dark and it'll blend but I think it
looks very much so like what I would
normally do so but he says he's German
can I open my eyes yeah what do you
think they're very crisp they're very
sharp I like them really good this
eyebrow I always have a hard time doing
eyebrows your sister's not trend so I
definitely can tell this is just a hair
different but I've heard you say that
before
what do you think Calvin she liked them
he wants more crackers okay let me wash
em again I like him
yeah they're good yeah are they darker
than you thought wait give me a little
little more a little little oh I've
heard it hurt
do they hurt at all really yeah you
should have heard the noise like I was
like this is weird just I can't let's
see who our headphones it's like it's
like a blade it's going into the first
layer of your skin oh my goodness I see
a bigger difference in the camera than I
do on your face yeah so I wonder if the
contrast is darker in here I think you
very happy that I did it man
I'm very happy that it'll save - it's
always dark mirrors bye I love them I
mean it's what I would do mm-hmm a
little more crisp yeah well they look
crisp it looked very defined and sharp
and there you have it there's a big boy
yeah I like them I like I like oh no no
not I'm not like Oh why'd you do that no
I think it looks good it's like you said
it's just they're more accentuated a
little darker and crisper and sharper oh
did I just rhyme and I was - one day
hurt did you do this yeah I heard she
said
getting like three here skill time start
to play she said and then the pigment
will go in don't look like you like
really if I haven't done much she was
done once it heals it goes back up yeah
like a cork she explained it I plan on
funny
it's a terrible news oh but she says
this is bad news
we can't flirt with our eyes anymore I
know at least for four days just
Jessamyn now Ellie is more worried like
nervous about your thoughts than mine
she doesn't really care about what I
think about it she wants to know you
think about them I already know that
they're going to be much more intense
and more dark and I know that it tastes
like abuse to calm down okay
yeah close your eyes plug I so good yeah
oh my gosh no I know they're bad oh yes
there's I know you want peace because I
kind of seem so far overall the shape
looks good huh oh yeah okay let me close
this with us a lot um you guys they look
great don't they yes okay the ends are
absolutely perfect not too harsh no she
asked me if she wanted to shade right up
on here and this is not yet I'm glad you
and we will make it thicker and darker
I'm glad you do that but I said let me
do a touch-up we'll see if I want
oh my college credits on shoes okay no
the one thing you're probably going to
ask me is because this one is a little
like not quite there in case you're
Wearing's i'm going to give this one a
little further this way and not this
arab not yeah no okay
it could be looking newer longer bunny
dying all that eyebrows are yeah that's
crazy
no no there's going to be a little very
intense very longer but after it heals
in all explains I mean they're lovely
surprised and happy with them it's funny
because if she first Jerome ah she said
the black cats all my name I can't wait
to give the shape I was like oh
the blast once all some and said I'm
very hot now does she do universe
because I could probably go for somehow
something right here non shading rinses
and where did I find you guys the two
youngsters are on the power wheels hey
link
how are you buddy I'm a high five Boop
Calvin you got to be careful here's some
serious horsepower in this guy okay you
got to be careful you just checking the
batteries making sure everything's good
back here yeah that's that's good great
I like and I'll show you a before and
after why these girls and their eyebrows
I just I don't even understand it I
don't get it stop checking out your
eyebrows they look good okay thank you
guys so much for watching today we will
see you guys tomorrow we're trying to
break that Cambron so hopefully we'll
know what to do where to go cross our
fingers for us okay yeah Calvin
