driving through this cute little town
Jared and I both feel like we're just
like going back it's really cute though
it's the cutest town look at that house
oh my gorgeous is so cute wrong fan
terms of farms here tons of cute
challenging fun buildings I really like
Memorial Day Memorial Day and fourth of
July is possibly one of my favorite
times of the year I think it should
because I we get together with family
and it just literally lifts your spirits
up today I posted a picture on my
Instagram and I felt like my word is for
once I said what I really felt and just
I feel like all the hard work of our
seven members that have been passed on
our grandfathers especially that served
in the war they just worked so hard and
I feel blessed that they receive my guys
I don't feel like those blessings have
been passed down and just so grateful
that we get to go visit them and visit
our family here and we're on our way
hi my beautiful children saying mama
what is what you - yeah are you guys
talking about towels -
laughter you get I thought on my little
one not all of them but some of them and
I'm going to tell you what we're going
to do here we're going to put these
flowers the Rankine wheels on great
Grandpa's Griffiths is great okay so
we're going to do that for them and then
one of these days your little kids will
be desperate grandpa would that be good
deal is that a good deal okay
me
geez well who needs a giant hot tub hot
dogs and hamburgers when you've got a
big pit of carbon our byproduct whatever
this yeah
gravel this is the attempt at taking a
grandchild photo okay everyone look here
yeah oh my gosh isn't perfect
is this really the first attempt when I
was look how still there being this
incredible guys want ice cream chocolate
hey if you want ice cream put your hands
down with your hand and smile again why
what'd you do everyone oh my gosh
I know I'm like bewildered right now I
really have no idea what to say at this
moment because everyone is being so
still you guys are just amazing oh my
gosh we must do this enough everyone
okay I think we can make something like
that happens okay you've been a good boy
thanks for listening so good boy that
was incredible oh I don't think you can
do it Jackson I don't think you can do
it oh my gosh there has so much show me
how big that is oh my gosh
new food challenge holy cow oh my
goodness guys I'm so glad you brought
lunch I am so hungry thank you
now where's yours
so Aunt Linda have even like in the
camera I got you yes is that your
favorite what was the first thing you
said to me
young-soon you got to get your films do
you have enough in there yeah five
pictures left I'll give you more kids I
asked elementa house yeah I got this red
water for Christmas and it's like the
cutest thing ever
we'll take lots of pictures today okay
okay Kelvin where are you yeah
who are you getting there jack you think
I'm not here sounds too bright
hi Jackson hi Calvin
hey Chad okay swedish fish yes and 5mp
just don't hit the ceiling okay try
again
Calvin oh I'm so terrible I should've
stopped while I was ahead
chuckles amazing right here doesn't the
basement here second base now go to
third third base you can do a fun run
test you are fast can now go home run
home jack
run home jack no no you fold it back
once thrown it around home run jack home
is right there home play buddy come over
here and touch this base right here and
then you can go ahead it again right
here yeah okay you're ready Jackson the
bases are loaded it's the bottom of the
ninth it's up to you to win the game are
you ready whoa good hit fun run run run
that's my boy go get to go that was
awesome
keep going keep going good job Jackson
go oh yeah buddy you get it good job
okay matter
hey Jackson what are you thinking you
play baseball you're pretty cute in
there you wait for your turn again
hey I think I lost my heart then I think
you took it you did it mom do you
realize where my kids you have yeah like
look at all these babies they all belong
to you yeah like baby person baby person
look at all these people and we're
missing three just Tamara I'm missing a
handful are you all you kids having fun
I think we could have been here cause we
don't have to baby hey I like the way
you
push the sign off it's okay it's good
girl this is how moms play baseball
carry your fun carrying with you all
right mom oh she's distracted by the
sexy picture I get the fever get the
paper out of here
everybody is hoops and tired and
probably still I need the hungry but the
partying is not going to end just yet
look at this you've got shoes diapers
swimsuit Calvinistic sauces I put in for
a little nap I transferred it to touch
very dirty very tired so he's gonna rest
for a little bit and he wakes up we're
all gonna get in the hot dog but it's
not hot can we turn it down a little
cold water so mini pool hi gang hi for
using I already have to go camping
sometime yeah yes train
you're probably wondering about my
glasses know their bra as I was saying
you're probably wondering about my
glasses doing that well let me just talk
over here
you're probably wondering about my
glasses Reiser actually my sunglasses
that penny got to and chewed out the
lenses I refused to give up any passes
hey fingers do you think you're so funny
so worth it
that was so worth it okay try to get
injured you can get it you look like you
look like Clark Kent you do well if you
just start playing away I'll understand
working at all now hey Jess now you
ready what I did
Jan you broke it you broke it Jeff ready
thank you
yes very grateful very grateful
this calls hot potato there's a timer we
are going to pass the potato around and
then the balloon will pop so everyone
kind of get in this I got closer we'll
pass the potato to you
if it pops in the air the person who
threw it is out hey get a little calm
down ready can everyone get in a circle
you want to play to bond yeah okay and
are you sir is it good start right now
once I let go of it the way hot potato
you're not out in the slightest
Kelvin go turn the music up there you go
take a bite okay now go turn the music
on you know he's like no I need another
piece are you having a heart sign there
bud
there you go
oh that's the end thanks for watching
well don't I just look like I woke up
from something crazy every time the
cousins leave we prepped Jackson and we
say Jackson your cousins are going to go
home don't cry I'll come back but don't
cry like don't scream and throw a fit so
every time we kind of prep it and every
time he kind of cries because he doesn't
want his friends to go home and today
cohesive maybe I can stay jacked and I
think Cody is good to stay tonight and
Jackson's very happy about that but he
has to be a good boy if you want that if
Cody is good safe so he's trying to show
me that he could be a really good
listener huh because she's not gonna
leave as it says
Hey are you guys having a late night
it's not the purple babies done
oh you guys cold you need a drink a
little food yes okay what if I get you
guys a little snack maybe some popcorn
in the bowl okay yeah you don't look
very comfy Jax you comfy yeah okay I
have a lot of favorite memories from my
childhood and I think a lot of them are
not specific like necessarily camping or
sleepovers or and hit that but the main
thing is like being around family like I
was telling mr. Lynx today and the hot
tubs won't tell them God knows I wish
that we could have been around our
cousins more so their cousins lived a
little further away and I'm so grateful
to our cousins can see each other you
know more than just once a year I did
have some cousins that were pretty close
and we always have sleepovers together
we have so much fun and those sisters
some of my most treasured memories is
being with my cousins and uncles coming
into town I just I love it and I'm so
glad that Jackson could he have a little
sleepover tonight I get to pop some
popcorn and get them taken care of well
it's been an amazing day spending time
with family I love your family you know
me we don't have all day with your
family and I love my family and I'm so
grateful for them and like I said
yesterday I'm grateful for all of those
who have risked their lives lost their
lives to have what we have today we are
very blessed to have all the announcers
yes absolutely
thank you guys so much for watching we
hope you enjoyed our Memorial Day
special it was a very enjoyable day to
be around family yes I want it and we
will see you guys this week tomorrow
it's going to be a great week I'll see
you guys later thanks for watching bye
