this is the best part of the whole trip
right guys silence and she is why I
think she's having a great time but
all right it still kind of looks a
little messy in here but it is a lot
cleaner and less junky than it was
before so this morning I've been
listening to a few hours of the Marie
Kondo or Maria Kondo I think it's Marie
condos book online about organizing and
decluttering and I feel like I'm pretty
good and the reason why I started
listening to this book as I was kind of
wanting to become a little bit more
organized like as far as like storage
and stuff goes and then when she
explains stuff about storage stuff like
opened my eyes like a whole new world
anyway so you have to listen to it or
read her book if you can I want
understand what I'm trying to say but
look at all the empty hangers between
Jared and I I stopped my shirt those are
my winter clothes have my heels Jared
nice shoes at the bottom but everything
is looking a lot better it's been fun I
looked in that that has all the
ultrasound pictures of the kids and
positive pregnancy test and that was
really fun to go through and see but
this drawer is kind of like my outdoor
workout drawer I have my jammies
that's chair doesn't even know it's a
mess he's not going to look at it
because he knows that she does actually
his father's Vegas had some there for a
few months dozen but not now it's good
no so I just loved it these are my pants
underwear dresses so I feel pretty good
I feel really good really good for
church so yay for us I want to show you
guys the skirt that I'm wearing this is
my second time wearing this white skirt
and I think it is so flattering I got it
when I did my thread up order and I'm
super confirm the bruise of it okay the
camera will not focus for the life of it
frets the brand is GLI e th ei R I so do
all right that much anyway all you want
to say hi to he's been watching some
Easter egg hunts our YouTube videos we
are going to get ready for church
do you like going to nursery
who's your friend at nursery Senate and
what about your is your brother your
friend Colin yeah well you know what I
think we should go get Calvin he's in
this bed should probably go grab pen
okay growing up my mom would always say
if you get something new you need to get
rid of something you know that way
you're not like accumulating a lot of
stuff I mean maybe not all the time but
especially if you're ordering like
summer clothes or something that you're
bringing a lot of and that's something
that I try and do but I noticed the last
probably four months I haven't been
doing as good of a job doing that so are
we all ready for church
kids are just playing with the with the
models they have at the cemetery and
this is something I remember doing when
I was younger too
they have two machines that they use as
well or two this is grandpa yeah yes he
was in World War two
yeah he this is an anti-tank gun and
that is a tank my grandpa on my mom side
served in World War two and he served in
ebo Jima Saipan Tinian and one of my
favorite things was hearing all of these
stories that he would tell about serving
in the war fighting for our country
growing up he would sit there with his
eyes closed and he would tell us these
stories of honor and valor and bravery
and to this day still want to be a guy
like grandpa we're celebrating Memorial
Day this weekend celebrating the lives
of those who have fought for our country
and especially those lives that have
died for our country my grandpa served
in World War two and my grandpa Meachem
served in World War two so both of my
grandparents served in World War two and
I am so grateful for them and the
sacrifices that they have made and their
friends have made and their families
have made so we can have whoo the
freedoms that we have today and every
time we come and visit grandpa I'm
always reminded of his friend Jimmy
Fisher who saved my grandpa's life
during World War two if you haven't
heard the story before my grandpa was
shot in the neck and it exited out his
shoulder he was bleeding out as they
were transporting him to a medic they
were trying to fill it with gauze and it
was just so much blood that the gods
wasn't doing anything nothing that they
were doing was working and Jimmy Fisher
who was an Eagle Scout used his pinkies
to plug the holes and dad saved my
grandpa
Jimmy Fisher saved my grandpa and my
grandparents reverse porn is named Jimmy
or James after him
not long after did Jimmy Fisher save my
grandpa he passed in the war so this is
a very special place for us a very
special time for us to remember those
who have fought for our country those
who have risked their lives for our
country and it's a very meaningful
special place in our hearts and for our
family because without those men
specifically Jimmy Fisher we would not
be here today
ok they said good girl ok ready oh girl
take a break
you have upon Jax is she's ok oh no do
you have a little cough you feel better
now that you spit it out I'm sorry bud
we'll get you'd all taken care of once
we get home ok that's his new thing is
like I don't want to do something I'm
sick Oh No
penny is down this way come on penny
they come good girl penny so I posted on
Instagram today a picture of Ellie and
Jackson from the trailer and I was
asking like what's your favorite camping
memory and I thought oh my gosh I have
this funny story and I think I've told
it on the blog before so if you've heard
it before I'm sorry it's that funny I
was a boy scout and we were on a what's
called a mountain man rendezvous it's
like these young men and the leaders go
on a campout over the weekend you just
have fun you do all of these cool things
like tomahawk throw black powder
shooting orienteering you know guiding
with compass and all those sorts of
things there's a lot of fun and we are
starting the fire and my leader was like
oh shoot I forgot like a couple things
that we need to start the fire Jared and
Sean will you guys go ask the next camp
over to see if they have what we need
and we're like yeah absolutely what
we'll do whatever it takes to start a
fire because we're young kids and we
want to have a fire and they're like we
need a left-handed fire shifter and a
fallopian tube to get this fire started
and we're like got it going we run over
the next camp not knowing what a
fallopian tube and the left-handed fire
shifter is so we run over the neck
camp and the guy at the next camp
obviously has an idea of what's going on
after we ask him what we're looking for
and he's like you know what we just use
our last ones you'll have to go to the
main camp which is a mile away and ask
them like oh shoot okay well we'll go
there so we walk we walk we run when we
get there
and the guy the camp directors like guys
you've been played
we're like what are you thinking about
we need to start the fire we can have a
fire we can't have hot dogs we can't
have dinner or s'mores without a fire we
need a fallopian tube and a left-handed
fire shifter I don't think you
understand the importance of this and
like no no go back to your camp and tell
your leaders what you're looking for and
that it's not a fallopian tube that's a
left-handed fire shelter so we walk back
to camp and it's dark by now I mean
we're probably gone 45 minutes you see
something but yeah that's cool sure
let's walk to it and we get there and by
the time we're walking back everyone is
laughing and they're just like we didn't
think you'd be gone this long how many
people did you ask and I think we asked
Lee I went to two or three camps it took
us a while but we listed that I was so
embarrassed when I found out what a
fallopian tube was it's not needed to
start a fire okay it is needed to start
something but not a fire the person who
actually told me to look for those
things is my brother-in-law's brother so
I knew him I trusted him he was my
friend and he played that prank on me
one of these days I'm going to get him
back or someone else back I don't know
maybe it's this guy right here that I
play a prank on either way probably one
of my most embarrassing moments of my
life definitely most embarrassing
camping moments still something that my
family and I laugh at to this day then
you come good girl Danny that's a good
girl this is the best part of the whole
trip right guys playing in the lava
strong walks in the water
she is why I think she's having a great
time but she's serious you're just
kissing his head you know what this
morning it was so funny these kids were
in the bathtub and I could hear them
fighting about goggles and Jackson was
trying to teach Calvin how to say
goggles any way that I turn around and
they're both hugging each other so
they've resolved it and it was the
sweetest moment I don't know you were
talking about goggles a bucket of
goggles playing yeah and bass we are
eating a green beans and roast for
dinner it is so good my sweet sweet
friend a few days ago brought this over
to me it's growing really big I need to
plant it but she brought this over for
me
she brought a roast over it was an
already coaster Esther has it works at
this really cool facility and hey I'm
cooking that because how many do my
green beans first thought that was so
sweet of our stuff that we are eating
that yeah so good did you just see that
shooting star oh my god oh she's Badgett
area right over there isn't it beautiful
out here Mars is just so bright for my
stars and there oh my gosh it's so
romantic
Jer and I just made our order for
blankets for in the camper we're trying
to figure out where to go we want to go
to like a camping spot but we want some
seclusion we don't want to be like next
to a bunch of other campers but we also
want time but we also want huh cups so
it's like a hashtag how cups we don't
have to like yeah I could we'll see it's
right in here
it's very bright we have all the lights
whoa we have lights on kids are inside
asleep this is crazy and I'm very
excited me too this is gonna be a lot of
time it looks so big holy cow this is
quote we just a chocolate chip cookie
we're going to go ahead and say good bye
guys and we will see you tomorrow
tomorrow's a fun-filled day with
families Memorial Day I love us we
always go to visit our families
gravesite so hope you guys have a good
Monday tomorrow day and then we are off
hopefully to go camping sometimes so you
have to see yeah thanks for watching
we'll see you tomorrow
