yeah you I do have it Saturday this is
how we woke up guys I was so tired last
night wash my face I didn't
good morning guys in standing we are
getting our chores on I need to back
bring good money I need to vacuum the
floors I'm pretty sure it yet we also
have dog food everywhere I just did the
kitchen our chairs in the garage so we
need to pick up do some laundry do some
dishes and then we can play what well
then do you have your morning chores
done go well I think you finish you've
got all your cards that you're playing
with I steer fair so today as I was
getting ready I was thinking about the
tweet that I tweeted out yesterday I was
talking about how much I really like to
clean but I'm not that good at
organizing I really enjoy cleaning I
think it's kind of therapeutic it's just
I like seeing something that it's sturdy
and that I can like do a good job clean
it and then it feels really good
I just have always really like cleaning
my mom really likes cleaning some of
those really go front but or not as good
as organizing as I want to be and my mom
listen to the book Marie Kondo it's you
life-changing magic of tidying up and so
I told you and I want to download that
today so I can listen to it like I said
I'd really like to clean but I know I'm
okay organizing so I could do better
this is my makeup these are my brushes
this is where all of my clothes are and
you know I have all my sweaters that are
folded up the winter and my shirt so
it's not like everything is like I did
after you found your hat
but especially like where our course are
and Jared's office jared has organized
all of our cords and batteries but I
feel like even with Jared's office
pretty organized it's what he's done
with like cords and batteries it's like
maybe I could do better and so I want to
listen to this book because they think
sometimes I get overwhelmed of like
where the star like do I do one room at
a time and I think about everything and
so I think I'm going to try and listen
to that as much as I can today and then
tonight I'll finish it thanks to the
kids go to bed you just up in the bike
store yeah let me see the front of it
keep it on yeah that looks nice
okay so we got most of our chores all
the way done and so that means it's time
for a family bike ride are you ready to
rock and roll BK broiler yeah do you
want to take Calvin and Jackson today I
think all wider okay Alton all right
kind of a no-brainer there you want to
get like some ice cream or something to
Illinois yeah all right I gotcha buckled
in Calvin can you tell everyone your new
word
can you say it lawnmower no kid lawn
mower remember one mo that cool
she likes lawn mowers should we get one
more McGrath level okay let's get it
right on I like motorcycles oh you like
motorcycle I think those are kind of
more cool than lawn mowers okay see lawn
mower lawn mow okay let's move
you
here a good old family reunion here
should we go Dryden get some ice cream
guys all right family you guys ready has
it's been so fun or what but also time
oh my gosh look at him
say it again jacket yeah Nikhil is off
all right we're all getting ready we got
our life jackets on yonder Jerusalem you
get on the Turtles there's Joe's life
jacket yeah we all came along we all had
nap we're all rested we're finishing up
this dip that's already much pretty gone
let's go splash
Wow
I really hope I'm not alone in this in
fact I know I'm not but I would much
rather just eat the cookie dough rock
instead of making cookies it's that good
and I know it's not the best thing for
you but there's something different
about it just a scoop of nice old cookie
dough that is just so stinging delicious
hmm that's good stuff
I know I shouldn't do too much I know
it's bad for you anyway of the ank you
know all bye we got the kids to bed
Ellie's getting ready I'm making cookies
and we are going to have a good night
I know I'm sorry they're a little burnt
they're a little crispy that's okay but
they're good okay
they're good cookies and and I'm gonna
eat them and I'm gonna like him I was
looking at blankets for our camper and
Jared quickly took my computer away yes
because I have some things that I want
to ask you there's there's something
that I've been meaning to ask you I have
a list of questions here and I want to
ask you these questions and I want us
both to answer them that's kind of the
point of this guy's these are questions
that you ask your spouse okay did you
floss I floss yesterday did you put the
seat down yes every time duh
come on so okay so there's a list of
like 40 questions and I'm just going to
pick the ones that I like okay what's
the weirdest thing you've googled this
week I mean I wouldn't say I googled
anything weird but I googled um The
Hunger Games girls hurts her hair a lot
Katniss Everdeen yeah I feel those are a
lot but he no is that it
funny questions ask your stuff that's
right I guess that works
okay what um what is the craziest thing
you would spend your money on if you won
the lottery
what Who am I kidding you already won
the lottery you're married to me what
something crazy eyes don't like the most
extravagant thing I know what I would
like what would be like a dr. pepper
fountain not even just like I found that
you like pusher drink um but like an
actual fountain that like sprays dr.
pepper
um I know exactly what I would do I
think it would be so cool to take the
family and go and stay and one of those
like a hotel you can see the ocean under
you that's awesome
that's what I would want to do I mean
that's possible don't you think it's
just a hotel stay wouldn't you want that
maybe live against your house to have
that address that's what I would want to
do okay pull that suite maybe we'll make
that happen someday I don't even know
where they do I know in Finland you can
see them like they have the the glass
ceiling so you can down or their life oh
god something I want to do what was your
first Instant Messenger screen name and
how did you come up with it did you have
instant messenger when you were kids aim
or like a manager
lways for over 12 minutes was old I mean
I doubt he'll ninis it you still have an
email I think mine was jar dog 89 which
is weird because my birthday is 88 89
because 88 was taken that's and then
Instant Messenger was Meachem 56 and the
56 was because Meachem was just taken or
jarred Meachem has just taken so it had
like slow side suggestions and Meachem
56 was the smallest amount of numbers my
driving those crazy time eating cookies
I was eating a cookie in the Jarod
commanded us so I will I liked the
cookie I'm not driving you guys crazy
eating them what's your favorite spot in
your hometown and why like you're
growing out Punk oh that's my favorite
spot on the gas station corner 44 we
stopped there like everytime after we
leave in his parents house I siblings I
would go over and of course you never
had enough money because we just like
grabs like coins and they could walk
over and your kids and the guys were
always so good to us and always give us
Stefan and my brother did a Eagle Scout
project at the gas station and they
Javon gave us tons of drinks and stuff
that's cool yeah chest restore by my
house like me my friend Sean and my
friend Cameron we'd always get $2 from
our parents and we'd ride our bikes to
Chester store Thank You candy bar well
back then it was back in my day
hahaha you would get like a soda or like
a Slurpee and some candy like some small
candies and we would just like get as
much as we could and we need to ride it
back to our more friends house need it
or we would eat at the gas station what
advice would you give your younger self
I would tell myself to start pole vault
earlier not much advice but I didn't do
it doesn't matter what people think of
you you know did you think a lot about
that like in high school did you worry
about what people thought about you I
had a very very small group of friends
and it's like those were my friends and
like I didn't have any I didn't feel
like I had like a whole ton of friends
and I didn't I wasn't ever like
self-conscious like Oh what are people
thinking of me I felt pretty confident
but I also at the same time like what
what wonder is definitely why don't
people like my friend like I'm fun so
you know it's like I wish I want to have
thought those things now looking back
it's like oh I was friends with people I
just felt like maybe I was it would you
rather be a movie star or a famous
musician many star movie star I'd rather
be someone like Jared Leto who is a
famous musician and a movie star
here's an interesting question would you
rather put a stop to war or an end world
hunger that's a hard question yeah to be
honest probably end world hunger my
thought my show was and war yes I seem
probably to full-price fine because are
hangry so that's a good match
haha I because I read this question and
my first thought was stop the war and I
think that's good because you're going
to end world hunger and I'm gonna stop
war but my thought was if we stop war
then we have more time to focus on other
things like feeding people would you
rather be stuck on an island alone or
someone who talks incessantly never
stops talking honest s how I wouldn't
mind being alone really I wonder if I
would go and say it insane if I didn't
have someone there I probably would want
someone there I changed my answer but
that would be no I had to tell him
delight shut up I know this answer to
the question for you would you rather be
a little late or way too early
Oh way too early huh you can enjoy
yourself and not be like frantic or not
I like to talk with people so I would
much rather be early and talk with
people who are there unless I'm so early
not no one there
that's what I like to do would you
rather lose your keys or your phone hi
please I would lose I would much rather
lose my keys in fact I lose my wallet
way too often oh yeah Jarrod's gonna use
my cards like last month and and then
and then you just found it yeah and then
I found it I have like everything on my
phone I can start my car if I needed a
car I can always call an uber with my
phone so I'd much rather lose my keys
okay here's a good one would you rather
be fluent in all languages or be a
master of every musical instrument after
every musical instrument wise up
hmm it would be pretty and fun and huh
talented I've thought about this
question before and I think my answer
would be musical instruments because one
a lot of people speeding is it can touch
you in many ways
exactly yes I took a ride for my my
music is a universal language and if you
can play musical instruments any musical
instruments me I'm mad about it yeah and
there's so many people who speak English
and you don't have to master all the
languages just be able to speak with
everyone I don't yeah I think it's
easier to find someone who could
translate than it is a master of that
that's nice instrument so those are some
questions that I wanted to ask you guys
what are your answers those questions I
want to leave I want you to leave those
in the comments down below and what I
was thinking and this is kind of just
like a warm-up because I think I want to
ask more marital related questions I put
this lip and seat down so just like fun
a marriage rush that's cute not not too
intimate yeah not too intimate of
questions but you know questions that we
would ask ourselves relationship yeah I
jumped you up okay thank you guys so
much for watching I have a really fun
day with the kids and the water and
provider Brad they were fun some was the
best because they are exhausted they
both wanted that right asleep it was
like what 7:15 when both of the kids met
well Calvin was like crawling into bed
he was like that's the boy when they
want to go to sleep yeah yeah thank you
guys have a wonderful weekend happy mum
Oriol day weekend we have some fun plans
not for Sunday Monday and we will see
you guys then I beg of the DAR
grandparent you can remember them I'm
excited to see grandpa see ya bye
