we should should being the keyword here
have four inches of clearance right here
is it going to fit not not me me and I'm
about to make your wildest dreams come
true scary driven I'm glad you asked
something super tiny on there so I'm
getting the kids a little snack so the
car ride
what are we going in the country camper
thanks my friend Aspen over her awesome
clothing website I was looking at the
clothes the other day I was like camper
checked out so I got it compared to the
guy
that's right we're getting some very
special today and I cannot be more
logical let's hit the road Jack I'm in
my car and get my college at game six
and part of me was like we're offering
entrance cuz we're about my mom's two
for the day like we're not gonna bring
toys toys we want you to do it in his
face that were but then I thought what
does it matter
like I remember wanting to go places
like over all my dolls clothes and it's
a boy I guess it'll be lost for another
grandkids oh yeah exactly
let's go hey you look pretty good
driving that minivan Ellie no I think
honor my hair what was that where's the
theme to stroll the subway because we
that has a vacuum because Jade vacuumed
it oh yeah there I've never strong it
away oh well there's a bag like on the
inside
yeah that's one of our favorite things
about the minivan is there's a vacuum
built inside of it we use all the time
especially with penny and the kids and
the car seats and everything sucks it
right up we have the whole crew and the
car had pretty penny
Jared see you later I thought you became
a penny is on his way to drop the van
off so that they can figure they wanted
us to drop off a lot really to figure
out some stuff as far as attaching the
trailer so let's go to grab my joke
shoot some grass and that's so fun
and there she is
make much a big monster right there what
do you think oh right here hahaha yeah
that is cute it looks really little next
to these big ones there you go
okay I'm sign your life away this is
going back you've done this a few times
huh so we have sign thing so if I get
this stuff and then we are good to go
I'm happy but I'm excited yeah thanks
for showing us around okay I kind of
have a close of God way up okay push
that in there push that up and you've
got the keys lock that you can I show
you where you clean the poop or address
any questions already on here so this
would like this is the black over here
or is it this thing right here it's this
one right here it's all going to come
out of there nothing show this let me
let me just show you you hook your goals
on here just like this yeah your host is
going to have those little tabs like
that if you're going to put that on then
you're going to put your holes in the
dump station yep
then you're going to pull this black one
like that oh and that's where they will
release it really I believe is it yeah
once that happens you're going to hook
the hose to the sanno plush and you
never want to close a black tank while
you're running to Santa Claus okay then
then your little dust gets on the inside
well you could overflow your toilet
don't ever
yeah all right Jared's the Blue Hose
means it's drinking water the grey hose
means it's poop water never ever ever
ever ever ever ever make videos we are
ready this is the funnest part isn't it
so that our hoses a little light ball
changes we're ready to go well after
hours and hours later we're back to pick
this bad boy up they've been working all
day on a part to get it attached
possibly here you look good you like the
outfit yes and sometimes you make so
many fun memories in this the kids are
going to love it the kids in Jared and I
just went shopping a little bit we will
show you all of this later tonight our
RV haul but I'm excited about it because
it's like some of our childhood dreams
come true and our parents dreams come
true and like I feel like this is just
really exciting that we get to do
and have fun with our kids and with
their grandparents our parents like
that's pretty okay I'm nervous but this
is it we're all hooked up we're all
ready to go we've just got to drive off
you ready to do this yeah I am I'll
follow your behind okay cut the kitchen
you guys I think really in the video
we're not trying to be like no it's
really good you're pulling something
yeah yeah you're fine ring I know the
van can do it I just get a little
nervous all right
hey go get in it okay you're gonna watch
me off okay
go all right here we go here we go here
we go how does it feel I don't feel
anything
we're all poly and all they work for me
there we go oh yeah I think it looks
really cute behind I know guitar looks
so cute and tiny Wow
this will fold out into a bed oh is that
cool do you like it was just after you
can poop in that way - that's pretty
good space in here don't you think
yeah independer the beds aren't even
down you know kind of chat with you oh
yeah grandma and I have our pickup -
okay okay okay yeah yeah you hit your
potty and willing to speak at our pickup
flagger kind of get when you put water
in it you can't replace quite yet did
you find your bedroom Calvin perfect for
you it's perfect cyclin I would say this
is the beginning of a lotta memory yes
yeah
what do you guys think so far so good
how to pull in the lamp you know what
leaving the parking lot I barely felt
anything on the hills I felt a little
bit but it's all a lot better than I saw
yeah let's get you guys I think driving
home through the canyon I don't know if
we'll get much worse than that I think
that's going to be a pretty good example
of how the vampire for no
hey do you finish your business did you
get goods all your business taken care
of your turn
well close the door and he needs privacy
oh you're not quite done are you just
remember to wipe and flush okay and then
if you want so you can take a shower
because your bums are stinky missin
water all right the first thing that we
had to buy officially for the trailer
was two popcorn balls for the kids and
popcorn are going to go in it I'm just
excited mostly to pop popcorn at the end
of the night
hey kids because you have like you see
right there the popcorn and they're
little buckets so go right in there
along with some other stuff that's the
first thing I wanted again so too early
yeah yeah we went to sort of grabbed a
bunch of things just things that we're
going to just keep in here for a very
very long time it's just exciting that's
like one of Ellie's favorite things is
getting things and finding where to put
them and that's why moving was so fun
for her wasn't that fun for me but she
enjoyed it now we're just going to look
through here see where we can push I
would you think about oh it's good yeah
where should we go first
gosh that way tagging you know what I'm
sure we could go there and find a place
to put this huh
first it's amazing to me how different
this feels with the beds down how much
more open and how much more space it
feels like it has it's pretty incredible
that we can fit all of this here we have
a first-aid kit right absolutely and we
figured those would be like good like
right up in those and this is perfect
because it has like tweezers and stuff
in it you know except what I wanted and
it's not everything is cold so that's
what I wanted but they were kind of
heavy me want to make sure we didn't
have too much huh like stable so that I
went for the kid I'm so cute yeah it's
kind of sad but like literally every
pound counts
I don't we get a vehicle that can pull
this you know even more with a lot of
cargo and then you know we just wanted
to save every pound off so that's it
shot thank you for ya know before we
figured this
that's pretty - together and cut
literally that's all they need
yes they're not have anything bigger
than well and if they want more they
just we refill their cup Wow
and mom's ideas for the popcorn in here
which is so smart so that will always
have popcorn in it and then this is
really playful and then we're going to
put tinfoil and stuff in there and then
let me show you what else we got a nice
ring cut a nice spatula a can opener I
did on a mini tiny risk to freeze of
course a flashlight so this is kind of
like Oh smarty show me when you say I
was in your reaction because you know
who we are
I had nothing to do with you free well
he did it's a sales guy he was tell us
about the toy injures that gonna be
perfect for Ellie I was like I'm just
speaking from experience okay thank you
is our spoil will go in here we have
some plastic set here and then all of
our other stuff is right there that's
the cutest cover ever yes how many
people we have in here those possibly it
was crazy
people really yeah I told you I said
I'll just Park it in our garage for 20
years and enjoy it you don't know where
to go yet yeah well ladies and gentlemen
boys and girls this is the setup how
awesome does this look guys I'm very
excited we need to go home and figure
out where we're gonna go yes that's the
first thing we have to figure out where
to go and take advantage of all this
trees Oh mom come on
forget the pacifica we got the trailer
and we are ready to rock and roll
alright so we're trying to get a family
picture here so we have the tripod set
up on the car but it's been really fun
we showed our parents a bunch of our
friends that we grew up with neighbors
came over and saw and then one specific
awesome neighbor just came over to ask
my dad a question but he wasn't here and
he said you know what I had a camper and
I didn't use it very much and he said no
one on their deathbed ever says they
wish they went to vacation more so you
don't have fun I was like oh thank you
so to take that we needed a lot okay
again especially when a kid
young no so far most chaotic shock sure
okay you guys ready yeah let's pretend
to be happy family let's get penny I am
very excited to go camping
we had to brawl before a good start
let's do it ah well lastly before we go
Jared just took a bunch of water and
sprayed off the steps because Jackson
thought we were already camping in two
at the edge and peed onto the steps so
that is rich duh that's not all his pee
that's a lot of water okay
that's funny silly him okay so we got
the whole low profile air conditioner on
this unit so we should should being the
keyword here have four inches of
clearance right here but Joel actually
came here Bonnie and Joel came over here
Joel's got the ladder out and we're
going to just make sure as we back it in
that we have enough clearance there
always been to watch that one Jared's
going to back it up better however not
even just trailers that's what I'm
referring to greater here for a party or
a crap show yeah and it won't be
anywhere in between one of the other
campuses services it looks like it
you'll be fine not funny room all I see
is a big trailer coming at me and
inaudible oh great from out here
perception is amazing yeah now
straighten out your coming keep coming
you got 4 inches 6 inches leaks on the
top and that's right back
nope here's got a lot of room
now straight a fella back there you want
it yeah go off the face well yeah it
only took 30 minutes my bad golf
honestly that's great look at this guy's
isn't so great
wow this is a lot more room that I
thought we'd get whoo remember this
morning when we went to Grandma's and
Jax insisted on bringing his toys so I
guess what we left everything was on
accident so he does that every morning
he's gonna wake up and get where the
heck is my trip back in cars let's do it
back down to critters and get them we've
forgot them first hot tub use of the
season in their spring summer it's been
a while it's been a while but it was
also this summer is going to be filled
with adventure and excitement and I
cannot wait we're going to make so many
memories with our little family thing I
can't wait the boys are really Sunday
Jake's both of us know if you guys want
to come along for the ride make sure you
hit that subscribe button because it's
going to be amazing
thank you guys so much for watching the
video today and we will see you guys
tomorrow
have a wonderful weekend today using a
different camera all I can do is like
stereo ones or under your eyeballs we'll
see you guys tomorrow
bye
