I think that in your head you're just
thinking I'm not even going to let it be
my
good morning gang
well looks like the trip to New York is
over it is a very rainy day today pop
fly is about to take off and I realized
that I've been in New York for 23 hours
and I just feel like this is such a
crazy trip but I love it more than
anything this is so fun just a very
quick trip out see a couple people see
that event and now go back home and I
miss my kids so Jackson Calvin I'm
expecting hugs when I go home okay I'm
serious
well good morning guys this is our
morning snack what do you think of it
it's good this is the summer salad salsa
whatever the body and I made I have a
video on my channel and we are eating it
in Kelvin speaking out the black beans
and very very happy you're picking out
the chips usual and very very happy and
I'm going to cut up an avocado cuz I
know you kids are not going to eat it
but mama is so gonna cut this up Jared
is on his way home he is landing in 30
minutes so we're excited to see down
we're going to go pick up something
special today all morning Jackson was a
little upset this is what we were making
is a snack I said this is what we're
making is you don't want it we won't eat
it but I'm still glad to see that you
are dipping it in there and eating it
I'm avvocato right here set my chips
here Jackson were you most excited for
about summer I'm gonna get a trailer a
trailer yes
candy I cannot wait to go camping with
you guys I was looking at our schedule
today I was writing a few things down
that are coming up and I was like I want
to go camping right now we have quite a
few things that are our schedule right
now so I cannot wait for us all to go
camping so you've got to get a few
blankets and stuff for the trailer
anyway we'll get our trailer we'll get
some camping stuff for it in the local
camping
spiking that especially in European
atlanta-based latitude and here faces
like there it has been a pleasure
Abigail Borges and we do a misuse to
auto feature flight of ours
you
are you good how are you guys hey you
just hanging out right I miss you having
some quiet time yeah well I think I'm
your new daddy
Aaron Joaquin is an inner shell alright
I think we all are waking up from nap
Calvin still asleep
Jackson fell asleep well quiet time
turned into nap time for me which I'm
honestly grateful for I was wrong and
the kids are elves I plan and I'm like I
missed a full day of playing with my
kids so I'm coming out here to play with
them all right but the roof show me what
you can do go backwards try to go
backwards
you guys always on that baby
your tests could say wow do another
trick for me
oh good job do a spin
you
a cool cat Calvin yeah oh my gosh and
dishes I cream no not the but the ice
cream ale you look at the ice cream
doesn't it look so delicious all the
other employees got the flavors yes we
did hold up your cone yeah we're all
triplets huh that's right and mommy got
a weird one like peanut butter and
chocolate together we've been playing so
hard to be too busy to be funky
a life
we're going to ride our bikes but with
excess hair shall I think on the camp's
XX ago I found something that's fun
however I doubt alive even cooler like
everyday in touch
you know it's been so fun writing those
bikes with the kiss on the back so we're
definitely going to do that a lot more
I'm pretty excited about that
to collect if you didn't write it if you
like writing bike yep do you like riding
bikes
yeah you enjoy writing life is so fun
and enjoyable ever a lot more me asleep
in my feet but what I like more is
actually eating ice cream of premium
it's not that messy rudeness you might
see it gets a little sticky at the end
but it's really quick cleanup I swear as
kids and jobs to talk especially kids
that are this age like eighteen months
to two years old they know what you're
saying they just like don't pop you guys
are cool yeah I think that in your head
you're just thinking I'm not even going
to listen my article
his face your husband Calvin can you can
you hear
can you talk you can't talk let's go I'm
putting you rats bed did you guys have
an early morning and a late night
let's play and I'll go to bed let's play
hide and I'll find you in new sentences
alright guys I definitely feel like I
need a little mommy makeover for sure so
tonight I am whitening my teeth usually
Jared and I whiten our teeth light once
a year breaking it's been like a good
process
Calvin was born two years since we have
whiter teeth Bonnie's actually letting
me use some of her stuff because she
said doesn't her teeth so I'm gonna get
ready to I see and she's the white with
style and Thank You Bonnie
and then I'm going to do a pedicure on
myself
so this stuff is amazing it's for your
cracked heels and it helps you move like
the dead skin stuff I got it from the
beauty supply store called pathology the
ala chicks really like that and then I'm
going to paint my nails my favorite nail
color ever for my fingernails is for
Essie and it's called lace me up and
then for my toes it's going to be a
really dark pink called drop the gown so
that's what I am going to get ready to
do the last week I haven't really talked
a lot about my emotions so I kind of
don't want to talk a whole ton um oh but
like I just have been pretty unset and
but I've been very even more grateful
for my two boys than I feel like how can
you possibly even be is even more
grateful than you already are but I am
like I just have loved saying the chime
ascends and I feel really drab thank you
that this is normal I worked in a salon
for five years and I met so many people
and
a lot of times people come in to get
like drastic changes like right after
the baby or after an incident because
you just feel so like you just need a
fresh start and that's kind of how I
feel right now I like want to rip every
hair out of my head I want to rent like
my eyebrows off like my teeth my I just
need a spruce up so I've had my name on
the book for a few weeks to get my hair
done so I'm excited to do that in a few
days I'm going to paint my nails and
tell us tonight and I'm going to feel
good and in the morning I'll feel better
inside because i pampered myself a
little bit so that's just kind of how
I'm feeling right now I just I love what
we do and I'm so grateful they were able
to share it it confuses a lot of people
it's what we do they just don't
understand it and a lot of people do
understand it and I'm just grateful for
the opportunity that we're able to share
a little piece of our lives with others
because it has been so fun to meet so
many of you guys when we have had
meetups and to hear your guys's amazing
stories a lot of people have hard life
but you guys are so hopeful and it's
just really nice to hear your guys's
stories and even if you know you don't
have like a hard hard life everyone I
feel like has a hard life to a certain
extent but it's just nice to hear other
people's stories and how other people
were brought up and I feel like my life
is very normal you know I have two
parents though that love me I have my
in-laws that love all their children
that love me the I hope my in-laws and
that shows not always the case with with
families and I'm just grateful for mine
so I'm going to go ahead and pamper
myself up I have like this little tiny
chip that left over it right because
from lush it's a little like pumice
stone that you like scrub your feet of
course it's not except to smell
everything but you scrub your feet I
suppose help so I have I just allow a
little bit and you go to lush store
that's what I need I need to order like
a thousand mush balls the kids have used
them all so thank you guys so much for
watching our video not only today but
every day and being with that and we
will see you guys tomorrow bye
