this is hands on his hips and we're
playing hide-and-go-seek a line
good morning from New York City I woke
up in New York City gettin this crazy
found myself here I was invited to a
pretty sweet event and I'm about to walk
outside let's go see what's happening in
New York today shall we
well good morning guys just a few to our
friends what we're doing today we are
going to preschool today is sad to try
to a preschool until the new school year
the inaudible graduation today so we got
to get you boys you can adapt ER and
fine huh - Bob - Harry
Karen breakfast done Kiwis Italians in
New York today I was actually gonna
listen but I decided not to because we
ended up getting you camper trailer and
I thought that you know I don't need to
go with you and because back to water
like little family trip all this nope
that's what we're doing Cheers
ok guys let me see your faces can you
say cheese cow g kc cheese Oh Jackson
you look so sharp I like I'm so glad
like oh good I got you guys a new little
shirt ok anyone late and your new
underwear yep I got your new underwear
you guys look great should we get ready
to go Jackson you look so big I cannot
believe I still cannot believe that my
baby boy is you do you grow up don't
next
so I'm actually cured in New York with
pji and they're announcing a new drone
today and they invited me here to come
and I'm super excited to see exactly
what they have I have a feeling it's
going to be affirming like the MAV
experiment from there to any iterations
of our technology through each new
product we've had one goal in life since
the city making flight capturing story
simple so that you can focus on what's
most important to you say hello in the
DJI
really
the Sparky ji smallest smartest and
simplest drug the gate I could push away
to me
I can pause towards you
and that simple to control and it truly
feels like magic
Thanks my name is Julian and I am a
martyr
meaning I catch them on a daily life and
on the internet people to watch that
Mickey and where's penny
Oh where's penny jeopardy I have my
little buddy here with me we are low
shopping around his hands on the tip
we're looking at flowers and flower pots
and we're playing hide and go seek now
bad come on we're just browsing around
while we're going to go back to Jackie's
preschool realistic valuation today yes
Jared I am at load you should be proud
of me I am looking at lawn mowers for
you we are looking at lawn mowers you
pants my hair keep this ticket to go I'm
looking at lawn mowers and because
that's something that we're going to
need to get some time before the end of
the turmeric for grass I have not been
around lawn mowers enough that it's all
like pull start from what I've always
been around and there has to be a lawn
mower there's just a push start button
right children Jerry was mowing Joel's
lawn before they came home from Hawaii I
was like this is so hard to do the first
of the season that he was starting a
lawn mower up so it's like this has to
be easier because they have them riding
lawn mowers that are easy to start such
as the pushed lawn mowers that are easy
to start I don't know because I've only
used like two lawn mowers my whole life
so I don't know it will have to look
it's kind of fun
oh I like this too because this just
looks fun good old John Deere yeah
alright Jared you'd be happy to know you
guys would be happy to know he told me
that this one the Troy Built is the one
that they have it's the easy start
you can either manually do it do it or
you should buy
so cares while you're gone I'm learning
stuff are you proud of me I'm learning
stuff and I'm just having fun watching
this hooligan run wild
now that the event is over everyone is
rushing up to the table to see the
actual spark it is a lot finer than I
even follow
so this is the park bro can you believe
that look how tiny this
so crazy
so I guess hold on him I guess
control listening with your hands you
could smile a little bit doesn't it look
like you he's like crazy guy kids are in
my cell probably the coolest thing about
this design you can control your hand
it's like literally using the force to
fly the Stroh it's not cool what the
heck this is me
those are my kids over my kids so we
wanted a welcome every time and as you
see we have a very often roof there are
a lot of fun energy
Jackson Clark that was kind of fun
seeing you do that and it means that it
is summer now we are going to go see
aunt Ruby grandma uncle Bo Emily
Kate hey honey if we're gonna go to
lunch dress outside okay
I thought that was so fun seeing you
girl you are so cute and big oh I like I
like that
while we've been hanging out here in New
York I remember that one of our IVF
grant winners live here in New York so I
just messaged them and they're just
getting off work and their work I think
they're going to come and meet us here
what's up guys how's it going we've got
Brian a Nicole here so we just had dough
doughnuts that I know yeah do-don't
and kind of an interesting experience I
think the fire alarm went off some sort
of alarm went off while we're eating
there yeah I think they're kicking us
out as a fire alarm really in a burglar
alarm
did someone shop with the donut yes and
we're still not sure what it was because
no one did anything well yes I have to
get enough from my favorite no one did
no one did they're like oh we're going
to lose our spot if we leave so I'm
going to take my chances and walk way
through the spiral soccer he's trying to
give you a hug
okay love it Tama state caters what are
you showing your daddy shoes that you
love well that's a pretty good pick
camping shoes or everyday shoes and
princessy shoes quick mol/l perfect hi
this is fun
we always love last-minute date plus we
always love last minute being sometimes
when you plan stuff it doesn't work out
but just morning it's like what's the
lens with everyone and everyone could
come and then I see Alby God's sake it's
the Ruby's not able to come so we miss
you and Julie of course you miss you so
lucky at lunch I'm like a last minute
better than plans I do I usually just as
fun if not more fun I use your birthday
present
happy birthday cake I love food I love
food I love food I love food are the
babies kind of my family I love all
these babies I know my family
yay this is the hard part about playing
ball you don't get it back okay good hey
can you come come I finally got it back
okay baby baby can't have two balls in
your mouth
oh well guys they have taken that huge
pile of dirt up there they've kind of
leveled everything out I think tomorrow
they're going to come by and do a little
bit more and then they're getting ready
for irrigation penny and I are going to
say good night to you guys I want to
play ball with you but you just like
want to hold it the whole time so I'll
just keep stirring other random objects
for you to run and chase after can you
end the vlog you say good night guys see
how these steps because she knocks him
over because they're not quite good yet
good night for my friends see you
tomorrow bye Ron oh well this was a very
short trip I think I'm here less than 24
hours got two hours of sleep last night
and my flight leaves I have to leave
that 4:30 in the morning it's just about
midnight so I I am going to bed good
night guys
