I'm gonna get you good morning guys just
having an outdoor adventure climbing on
the rocks is that what you're doing mr.
quell man so Jarrod night we've been
kind of clean in the house today before
we go grab Jackson from scores - coming
the backyard and we should show them
what we're planning on doing yeah uh-oh
someone has fallen in the mud time for a
bath already
it's not even 9:00 in the morning when I
was a kid one of my fondest memories is
when all of my friends came over I think
it was from my birthday or something and
we dug a hole and we were trying to dig
a hole to China I mean what kid hasn't
done that tried to dig a hole to China
we obviously knew that we weren't going
to be able to make it we couldn't even
make it past our height what did we do
instead we just put a bunch of water in
and have this huge mud fight it was like
the best ever like one of my favorite
memories of all time
you okay there bud happy birthday
tomorrow can you believe he's going to
be through tomorrow all your guys here
today k yeah so this giant pile of dirt
over here is all of our topsoil and once
they flatten that out irrigation comes
in and once we have grass here what
we're planning on doing is putting a
swing set right in that spot over there
right where that pile of dirt is and
then up here we're going to have like
one strip of grass that goes through
because we'd rather have grass than
anything else anything yeah you talked
about maybe do it like just doing
flowerbeds or something and up there
you'd be cute for like a little bench
because which is fine oh yeah see right
well so yeah that Cove right there I was
actually just talking about that a few
days ago about like we haven't talked
about that that but that would be the
perfect place to do that what do you
think yeah righto same page yeah so it's
coming along slowly but surely speaking
of coming along
you wanna keep playing do you want going
to tub play yeah
Calvin made his mark mm-hmm what do I
see what did I see through the trees
what did I say here what did I see hmm
she likes world all when she's by the
fence
yeah she does huh I was thinking today
when I was filming those earlier clips
outside my hair was a total disaster and
this is nothing about like my hair
personally but I was just thinking about
my dad and how like he always has his
hair like done looks like one of the
first things that he does is his hair is
done and clean and it's very rare that
you see him with hair messed up and I
was thinking how many times on the vlog
is my hair messed up Ellie Ellie cut my
hair and I think she did a great job but
it's just funny is that a generational
thing or is that an age thing
at which point like you know my dad's
like I you know I don't like to be seen
without my hair messed up he's not as
particular as he used to be you know he
has a businessman he likes to have a
good clean appearance but me is just
like man I don't care all that much
obviously I like my hair done but I
wonder if there's a point in my age or
I'm like you know Jared like your hair
has to be done before you go outside
because you don't embarrass yourself but
I don't know
sometimes I kind of make a fool of
myself for my living well I don't know I
was thinking about that is it age is it
generational or is it something else
anyway Ellie thanks for the haircut it
looks great there's a random thought of
the day from Jared Meachem deep thoughts
by Jack Handey
okay Jackson what is tomorrow it's kind
of the friend day yes it is
and we are at the toy store to find
something for him check and I need your
help Kate I need you to pick up
something for Calvin and I will pick out
something for Calvin for his birthday
does that sound good okay so you pick
something and I'll pick something and
we'll go to it okay so we got to find
something good that he'll like a lot
okay oh yeah he would like marbles huh
yeah I think I know who really wants the
marbles right now Calvin is loving room
brooms and aprons so so I think we'll do
something along those lines what there's
a spaceship oh my gosh that's like Bowl
that's like a room room and an airplane
huh
no exact station oh that's not you're
exactly right
sorry my mistake here are the goods I
think I picked out something for Cal and
I he is going to love and I loved for a
long time on to the next place just just
don't look at that just yet that's for
Calvin you can't hear anything
hi guys and welcome back to another
ribbiting episode of what's in Ellie's
belly where we tell you what's inside of
Ellie's belly or about to be Ellie what
do we have today and I have some
zucchini noodles oh yeah those look
delicious wait and Chris I can't take
knowledge credit I just the store had
him already noodles eat up I didn't have
to like these are pre noodles zucchinis
zucchini and yellow squash oh yeah and
what's in this delicious money ball
almost our newest I meet some delicious
meal which looks cooked to perfection
absolutely riveting my beer thank you
kids just woke up from a nap so I think
what we should do is eat dinner hmm and
go on a family oh that sounds fun
Jackson what what what are you doing in
here huh what's in there buzz escalation
are you trying to find the squishy
things in there yeah you picked out a
gift for Calvin Schafer's birthday which
is in the car reeking that's what it is
there is um I don't know the name of it
but it's like a full house it's like
this being that helps on your eggs my
friend that's a nurse just PCOS she told
me to order and get cool it's called
Priya Jenna tude reproductive support
helps promote regular ovulation help
support regular menstrual cycle helps
increase the quality of AIDS release in
each ovulation cycle so it's like a
Xanadu definitely we're not going to try
this month what that's just miscarry
she's on your body like reality I got to
get my body and my likes money well I
think a bike ride sounds like a lot of
fun I think that'd be a lot of fun for
us to do Jackson you should we should
get a family bike ride today okay if
we're going to do a family bike ride
there's one thing that I have to do
because Calvin doesn't know how to ride
a bike sis yet so I've got to build
something or put something together in
order for us to do this family
achievement all right guys the goal of
today is to get this thing this bike
seats on that bike I have no idea how
long it's going to take but there are a
lot of pieces to this puzzle so let's
get start and see we can actually do
this bike right thing the hell he wants
to do I want to do it - you guys don't
get me wrong I definitely do but this
might be more difficult and I think I
don't know I have seen once the
instruction set let's look at those
first
alright the moment we have all been
waiting for this is Julie Jackson seat
and out oh no Jack senton and when we
when they have more on sauce we'll get
one foot out
oh I thought you might as well ride his
bike over if we going to longer bike
ride that's it Jackson and then you will
have Calvin somewhere okay okay great
is it on it's almost ready yeah you guys
look like soaked you you guys have fun
yeah
you could beat me speaker hahaha yeah
well honest night ever
are they're pretty fun guys
what if I ever yeah we've got to get
another one don't we
that will be so much fun we were just
talking like it was just so much fun to
hold family on a bike ride like how cool
is that
yeah it was fun okay you ready to get
out
yeah I think your bum is little stinky
and your bum is a little stinky we
should clean those up Thank You bum
Ellie it's what do we call it back sweat
not sweat that's on the lower region
yeah I have some / - yes and fast here
good very absorbent material Joey joy to
the Sun not going Sun so hard a blip it
bounced in his backyard and it was
always nice night tonight
all because of a stone and chill hey
there you are what are you doing mom is
reading a story I'm gonna get you hungry
Vika oh you better run to mommy and run
re-render mommy mommy this is called the
early word and so cute if you're a bird
be an early bird and catch the worm for
your breakfast plate if your bird be an
early early bird but if your worms sleep
late
mmm yeah so you a burger you away
I'm a bird and I'm reading to myself oh
that was really loud who are you guys
are you guys Birds or are you worm I
don't think either as bad right I think
each has its pros and cons because I
like guns of the day when you go to bed
early right I usually stay up late and
wake up a little bit later I think all
things considering I still wake up
pretty early yeah I was doing and I'm a
mostly B because we have kids but
actually I've kind of always been up
earlier in the day I like to be up early
get things done most of the time okay
one more one more one more vasila
pancake who wants pancakes sweet and
piping hot
oh the dumb cow dissipate you guys have
fun attempting to read a story oh great
looks like you're reading Gina self
again Hector Eagle India called I'm
making a list I'm making a list of the
things I must say for politeness
and goodness and kindness and gentleness
sweetness and righteousness hello part
of me how are you excuse me bless you
may I thank you goodbye if you know
something that I forgot please stick
them in your eyes I got my D sodium I'm
not loud okay I love these books shel
silverstein yeah I thought this when I
went to Hawaii I left the kids like a
little gift each day and I left this for
one of them and like we haven't really
read it but there are my hand tons of
good stuff in there yeah skis kids and
that is where we are going to end our
evening with you guys thank you so much
for watching the video today it is
Calvin's birthday officially as you guys
are watching this video so happy
birthday Calvin we'll see you guys
tomorrow
thanks for watching bye
