so I put Calvin to bed a while ago but I
feel like he might be wait just heard
something so let's listen in real quick
get he's awake
well is not very often that we start our
vlog at 9:00 p.m. it's often the timer
we end it here just came up to me and
said I feel like our house smells like a
big poop this is what we've been doing
just like living an image I think it's
our house just like stinks laundry needs
to be done smell like poop because I
felt like the kids needed to poop and
sure enough Calvin just went poof so I
don't think our house smells like poop I
think our kids poop smells like poop but
you're right in that the past few days
we're just kind of better I've done a
little bit to keep oh thank you trying
my best to do I haven't really been
vlogging the last few days I've just
kind of been taking it easy I was in bed
for like one full day I could not get
out of bed my back hurt so unbelievably
bad and we've had a lot of support with
family and friends and viewers but at
the same time I have felt very lonely at
the same time so it's kind of a weird
feeling of on both ends you feel extreme
on both ends I definitely think that's
like totally accurate though like we
have so much support but I think it's
still feel still possible feel alone
yeah you know I have an early anomaly to
say either like I don't like even now
I'm like I don't know what to say I
don't know if I should share my feelings
or my emotions or I don't even know but
I am very grateful I really like flowers
but I think especially right now I am
just seeing that absolutely stunning my
friend Ashley at Thomas Hughes sent this
to me I met her through the internet
several years ago when she lost her
little Milo he is the same age as
Jackson was he's about five months old
and it's one of the fun becoming friends
with her and that was really sweet of
her to send to me and then my family
sent me videos which are so beautiful
and the card was hilarious because it
said the Griffith family but they felt
that gri SSI ths at the current system
it was really kind of funny nebula and
then my sweet friends from church gave
that to me so I've been really just like
down in the dumps I've been laying in
bed a lot my back has hurt so
unbelievably bad yesterday didn't really
know highs up to going to the lanterns
with friends and kind of last minute I
wasn't planning on going in the last
minute I was like okay I'll go and I'm
halfway through the night my back was
hurting really bad but I am so glad that
I went it was so uplifting to go and as
down as I was it was really enjoyable to
talk with our newly friends IDF grant
winners and to see their relationships
with one another and their friendships
and it was really fun to meet a lot of
you guys in person we've talked a lot
but we haven't like met in person with
several of you so it was such a
wonderful night and the kids had fun
getting out of the house - I think mr.
Kell is having a hard time going to vet
so if you hear him stress something at
the door was just like how does a little
kid like that make such a difference
it's like boom boom boom er uh yeah
you'll hear it you'll think I'm kind of
talking um I saw and Jared I have been
very grateful for the cuddles that I've
got especially the last few days with
the kids and just the downtime that I've
had I've had a lot to think about and I
feel like before we got pregnant with
Jax and I just always told myself like
just enjoy them just enjoy that me
always hear that especially with like
older people enjoying water yeah and
like and I feel like I have always made
a conscious effort to tell myself that
but the last few days I have really
thought about like slowing down even
more you know like I am really grateful
to be home with the kids but I feel like
sometimes our days are so like light go
goes yeah and I just I'm really grateful
that summer is here and a lot of you
guys have one week left to school and I
just am excited to go to the park and to
pack a sandwich and to slow down just a
little bit
and just so grateful for the babies that
I have and Jackson has been so cute you
see how so cute to me he knows what's
going on he's sad with me he the baby
will crawl you don't be sad no more like
she's been so tender he's like he says
very mature things for how old he is and
considering what he knows and doesn't
know and is that I think that just makes
it all more the more cute thing and you
know I'm not sure what you all believe
them but it just like makes me feel like
you know there's someone up there who's
just you know absolutely and just like
being like Jackson you know be the the
older sibling right now be the big boy
that you are and it's just cute to hear
him say those he's done very tender we
say this all the times in the house were
like he's just three like three and a
half like Jackson's like still so little
but the words and like he acts like he's
older and so it's really hard sometimes
and I'm like huh I have to remember for
only three oh geez
but it's I mean it is true what you said
like looking back time just goes by so
fast and so it's very important to take
the time that you have as much as you
can like I remember the picture like I
think Jackson something I could day old
and it had like what was poking up
behind me I'm very nice nice per minute
and it's like I feel like that was just
yesterday and then it's like Calvin he's
turning to this week on Tuesday two
years old
yeah he's going crazy as you're nice you
see he thinks he's older than he is he
acts a nurse from 9:30 yeah but he's not
that old he can't stay at that so I just
I guess he's proving oh so grateful but
yeah and we just want to say thank you
guys the last few vlogs have been a
little different than the norm but
kelvins company there's going to be some
dents in that door
yeah the velocity vlogging the door a
few dents in the door it was something
you see in Bandung it yeah where did he
get sandpaper there's not a construction
film in there but thank you guys so much
for coming along and being a part of
this and thank you so much for your
words of encouragement and we will see
you guys tomorrow I'm really looking
forward to Calvin's birthday this week
so it's going to be a great birthday and
I think Ellie what you haven't mentioned
is that as soon as we're done with the
vlog we are going to look at just fun
thing link it's and stuff for the
trailer Shayla I'm excited yeah it'll be
fun
have a wonderful week guys like Ellie
said for some of you guys it's going to
be the last week before summer vacation
see you guys tomorrow bye
