hey Jackson you ready you gotta trust
your moves here we go go for it good job
down well this has been the absolute
worst few days but I am up and I'm
showered it's not really not to say
other than I'm showered in teeth they're
brushed I'm showered so trying to pick
myself up today and get a little spruced
up
good girl my name is penny and you don't
know my favorite thing to do is the one
thing I'm not supposed to get in the mud
after I've stepped from the groomers
seriously would you look at her paws you
know what penny okay I still love you I
mean seriously though there is one spot
in the entire backyard where there is
like this tiny pool of mud that just
hasn't dried out yet and she managed to
find it the day after she got back dogs
will be dogs I guess yesterday I
mentioned that we are doing something
very special with some very special
people and we're doing that but we're
making a couple stops along the way I'm
back at the RV store and I brought along
my handy dandy measuring tool to measure
some things to go inside all of the
cabinets like silverware so we can order
all of that stuff and have it ready to
go by the time we get this trailer so as
I walked in here someone was actually
some family was looking at this exact
trailer I guess this is the last one and
they just sold it to us so like poof we
almost dodged a bullet there we would
have had to wait until I call just to
get one that actually fit inside our
garage thank
number two is about Calvin Calvin for
fan next week and I'm leaving up the big
cool present I am so excited I think I'm
I'm probably more excited that he's
going to be but it's going to be a lot
of fun and we're picking it up right
well after two and a half hours of
driving we finally made it
you guys ready to rock yeah we're going
to have a party tonight we are with
thousands and thousands and thousands of
other people we're going to the lantern
festival and we're going to see some
very special people and I'm very excited
to see
on the crown there you go
okay now go take that bowl grab the bull
by its horn you showed up on whose but
there you go yeah I think the Bulls been
taking sleeping pills
good buddy high five oh my goodness
you're Captain America I always knew it
I asked Amon if you wanted me go I said
John paint your face he goes yeah we did
not put the kids there they all just
seem to congregate there they all pull
their chairs over how cute in that
little sunscreen pan so we are at the
Lantern Festival today look at all of
these people we actually were invited
from some very special people
Angie M Blake hi guys how are you
they put they invited us all to this all
of the IVF couples that could make it
we've got Angie of Lake here they're a
couple number six or seven I can't
remember seven yeah and then we've got
Meghan for Meghan and Tyler I say like
you a rocky beach channel or something
Meghan here and their families hi guys
and it would be like cake on stew
hi guys how are you good April and Davi
are here see they're getting dinner or
something and then Erin and Riley will
be here soon
thank you so much Angie for putting this
on like this is so fun I mean you put
this whole thing on right here yeah you
know so many people invited Christmas so
I guess this is like the third time
they've done the lantern festival just
like what you see at tangled when it
gets dark we'll light lanterns and Mosul
and Angie it's like this is such a cool
thing travel to couples around Macon
came all the way from Arizona with her
friend Bethany and her mom they drove up
ten hours to be here thank you guys this
is so cool
mucks I'll get to hang out together and
talking is great there you go there you
go hey Jackson you ready
you gotta trust your move here we go go
for it
good job down whoa whoo thanks baby
ratings of joy Oh April
it's April did you do it
so one of the cool things about the
lantern festival is they give you marker
so you can write things I want to show
you man jeans like very special and me
especially and everyone would here I
think this is it's very fitting I love
it and it's beautiful I want to show you
guys this is everyone you have something
to do with the infertility grant and I
mean it's a great thank you like that's
so sweet of you to do and it's so
beautiful and it's just so cool Merson
ball to see all of this and have a go up
in the sky and there's gonna be a lot of
hope and a lot of love and prayers going
up with this lantern tonight yeah whoa I
almost dropped that's me thank you thank
you guys
Jackson what's rule number one so don't
draw we're all yourself and what are you
doing there but I'm John your superhuman
Piedra oh you're wearing you're putting
on Captain America's outfit that's
another carrying arm superhero arm my
fault
I asked him about it right in your arms
or blue is it cuz you're a superhero yet
not yet and then grab the party dress
hold that thought I'll be right back
this is the second time this has
happened to them as though called you
stand for your things and then we're
going to be yep superhero Captain
America and Batman
I've known something and I won't get in
trouble what it's worth
can I tell you something I was looking
over in the direction and you just
happen to be walking there but before I
knew is you I will cover that that girl
I was like really cute and then I saw
your shirt off like Elsa my wife that's
a good taking your slice
I said you're cute
you
oh he's like I don't know this is the
first time we've seen survivors about
time we've ever met funny and because
your your wife is only person out to
dinner right
I just made that realization to do so it
makes me feel like good we talked and
we've met but we haven't we haven't no I
know we just feel so oh like family yeah
it's so true oh this is so fun we've got
the whole truth and now everyone is a
couple here here and then we've got our
Arizona's been in our thoughts in our
prayers because our Keiko was telling us
like what a better group to be with then
I know right now like this is the best
thank you
okay guys are you ready we're about to
launch the lanterns everyone is getting
their lanterns ready to go this is so
awesome
I've never done this before of you there
will have to catch here their first-ever
fossil
okay Jackson make a little wish
Oh
look at it go
look you're a beautiful boutique a
bottle above a what you see is amazing
there are thousands and thousands of
people here guys how cool is it that we
get experiences together as a family and
with
2:30 commencing in the car for four
hours half of the time of the parking
lot not even I guess I didn't know if I
felt up for going today my back has hurt
a lot but I'm really glad that I went to
so much fun it was well we made it home
safe and sound the kids are in bed and
Ellie is asleep and we have a blast
tonight it was so much fun being with
everyone and we're going to call it a
night thank you so much for watching the
video today if you enjoyed it give it a
big thumbs up thank you to the IVF grant
winners for putting this on and being
together and I'm so grateful to know
those guys see you guys bye
