hey inner up what do you want the doors
open
you're not going anywhere in know you
want stay out okay you can stay out as
long as you want as long as you don't
get too muddy kay we just clean these
floors it's serious business
you
this is so weird to me it's mid to end
May and in the beginning of the day and
at the end of night we've got the
fireplace running it's that chilly it's
actually I kind of love it but I kind of
heat it at the same time there are mixed
emotions here I bet you can understand
good night Jackson
good morning guys happy weekend I guess
it's more probably morning for you guys
it's actually evening here as you could
probably already tell today has been a
little different vlogging day mostly
because yesterday we just said we want
to spend time with family and that's
exactly what we've done or at least
we've tried to do as much as possible is
just be with Jackson and Calvin and to
have Ellie and I be with each other just
as much as we can and I think the
coolest thing about that is while we
were together I think we felt so close
to each other and we felt the
overwhelming support solace from so many
people from so many of you guys from
neighbors from family from friends it
was incredible and it just you know made
the day as best as it possibly could
have been so thank you guys for that it
means a lot to me and I know especially
it means a lot to Ellie while Ellie was
resting I was able to get some things
done I was able to get the basement
picked up we cleaned up the living room
and upstairs basically cleaned up all of
tornado Jared that was left behind from
that big project and Jackson had a great
day at preschool it was so cute he
always comes back from preschool so
happy and so excited telling me what
he's done with his friends and it's been
great and then we just kind of hung out
together like I said it was a very
relaxed calm day just to be with family
and I think that's what we're going to
do for the rest of the evening Ellie and
I are going to sit down and we're going
to watch a movie together and and just
be together and that's kind of what
we've taken the time today to do is just
be together and I feel so grateful for
the ability to do that to take the day
like this and kind of take it and just
have it to be ourselves and but we
certainly haven't felt alone and I want
to make that very clear it's been very
very nice to have that comfort and
support from so many people oh one other
thing penny went to the groomers today
and she feels
I mean soft as a ha something that's
very very soft
what is the softest thing that you know
anyway penny had a great time at the
groomers and she saw she smells good and
it's it's just great so we're going to
have a good weekend tomorrow is going to
be very
and I'm very excited about that I'm
going to be meeting up with some very
very special important people and I've
been waiting for this for months now and
I can't wait to show you guys until you
guys about it so stay tuned for that
have a wonderful weekend guys thank you
again thank you from Ellie I'm speaking
for her right now we're very grateful
and we hope you have great weekend and
we will see you tomorrow thanks guys bye
