come on again Hurricane George's went
through here last night it's pretty
intense
I want to show you the aftermath oh my
gosh would you look at this it looks
like someone's just been here working
for hours and hours on end with a very
very little sleep the damage isn't too
intense here but you can definitely tell
that this was an area of effect I mean
right there right there got some cords
everywhere I mean it's messy oh my gosh
but look at this I mean this is just
everywhere there's oh oh
inhabitants oh no what do we do there's
this kick here oh no a baby actual cause
of all this minute
a guy was open on the look at all of
this every jump out of the over out of
place what are we going to do older
there's still destroying things going
down it's still destroying things in all
seriousness last night was a ton of fun
filming for this project that I'm
working on it did take literally all
night I think it went to bed at 5 in the
morning and then got up around 7:30 8
o'clock to get everything gone for today
even though I have a little bit of sleep
there is a lot to do today as you can
tell Oh
Grandma and Grandpa here so what was the
head of that hey guys how are you hey
good how are you are you good did you
guys get any sleep last night we did we
got great sleep probably more than you
probably come on by majority I found it
ok so he found his gold he found a
silver dollar oh where
my goodness I think I dropped a pair
here's a good girlfriend I packed up
penny and the boys they are asleep right
now and we drove down here to button up
everything that we have left with this
trailer we want to give Ellie I don't
know a little a little space a little
time she's not feeling very well she's
is in a lot of pain right now but yeah
the boys and I are just here down we're
going to take care of some things while
we're down here and let penny run
because with all of the snow that we had
yesterday our entire backyard is mud yet
again so penny is just enjoying the
grass right now ready ready ready ready
go get it gecko you ready okay come get
on your bed okay ready one yeah two
three hey do you want to know something
I think you're pretty special a good
nickel can be nervous morning love the
jailer is that gonna be pretty funny
yeah a few days ago I was talking about
I can't remember if it was on the video
or if it was on Instagram I think it was
on Instagram you know my dad would tell
me he would say to me he'd grab me and
say Jared you have no idea how much I
love you yeah and you want to know
something Jackson
you have no idea how much I love you
yeah I don't think your heart can even
comprehend the amount of love my heart
has for you and for Calvin uh-huh isn't
that crazy they going to go camping this
day was like Jane would that be so fun
yeah and clever life rock
and girlfriend a fishing rod have you
been talking to Grandpa about fishing do
you know grandpa's a really great
fisherman yeah yeah I would look I'm
Gordie bago taking cue Goldie bear does
yeah good I love you very much over me
and it's time to say goodnight to our
friends can you say goodnight to our
fights not flu sale see you tomorrow
item I know I'm not even really sure how
to start this or what to say I guess
it's just kind of been just a sad day
for us today
Ellie woke up this morning and was
bleeding a lot in my clocks and had
severe back pain and stomach pain and
when she got up she was lightheaded and
she talked with the doctor and they
basically confirmed that Ellie would be
miscarrying and so that's that's just
kind of what we've been dealing with
today kind of the news and it's been
hard because this whole morning I I've
been working on this project and I
haven't been with Ellie a lot today and
she's been in bed the whole day because
she's been in that much pain and she's
not feeling all that great then the boys
and I had to go down into town for a
little bit and while I was hesitant to
do it at all just because I wanted to be
with Ellie I actually I think we both
enjoyed it we were talking about it at
least I told the Eliot is that I enjoyed
having the time to be in the van you
know Jackson and Calvin fell asleep in
the van and I enjoyed having my time in
the van just thinking and I was able to
be with my thoughts and reflect and just
think about the past month and the
journey that we've been on here and then
the whole the WYD scheme of things right
now I'm just thinking about me watching
this in the future and just trying to
express the feelings that I have about
and what I want to look back in remember
and feel in looking forward what I want
to do and I've always been this type of
person to say like you know there's
always bumps in the road and the trials
that you go through don't define you but
the trials you overcome are the ones
that define you and I have a hard time
even saying that this is a trial it's
such a it's such a difficult thing you
know and I think that's just part of you
know going through this and going
through life and having these things is
you definitely learned who you are
during these times and I'm just grateful
that I have led during this time I know
she's the one who's going through it
right now but Ellie is Ellie strong and
I'm grateful for her I'm grateful to
have her as my wife and she's just she's
just the best we talk a lot about
community on our YouTube channel and how
we have a huge support group and then I
remember in the van on the way driving
home how wonderful in support of our
family is my brother called me today and
just said this sucks you know this is
not fun I'm not going to say much but I
want you to know that if you need a
listening ear I'm here for you and I
think that's like the best thing that
anyone can say is you know a lot of
people offer their advice and that's
great and we love that but I think it's
nice just to know that someone there who
will listen and listen to your thoughts
and I like that right now I'm kind of
just doing that with you guys is I'm
just telling you how I feel I'm telling
my thoughts but I'm grateful for my
family I'm grateful for my wife and kids
and this is just the beginning and we'll
get through this tomorrow definitely I
want to
spend time with Ellie I think there's
going to be lots of cuddling which I'm a
big fan of so I think we're going to end
the vlog there and I just want to say
thank you guys for your support because
it is very appreciated all around us so
thank you guys have a wonderful day and
we will see you tomorrow
