well good morning guys today is a rainy
pretty chilly day we are all getting up
for the morning good morning cow
you set a slept in your clothes last
night you're so tired which looking for
no good breath well I need to get ready
for my appointment today we're looking
at all my bracelet so so soft is that
I'm to get ready for my appointment
today I wanted to give you bedroll
update on my skincare I did a video a
while back all about skincare because
you guys know how to talk about she's
804 so what many years which I still
really like did I have been using the
Rhoden and still plot which I still like
a ton but you have to order it sometimes
I don't have time to order and I've been
looking for a makeup remover for so long
thank you guy finally something I really
like it's the Dermalogica pre cleanse
it's like an oil
I hate that pry my favourite way to
remove my makeup and then I got their
face wash so it's a really calming an
ultra calming face wash so been using
that I need to get ready it's a really
chilly day so got my clothes all laid
out got a sweatshirt when you live in
Utah you cannot ever pack your
sweatshirt the way you want have to keep
them on hand because you never know it's
going to be really cold
and then gets a big black for I say to
my opponent reflect rub it on my face
America wanted chin yeah that's perfect
answers nickel in blended and real coat
there make sure the contour matches
really well and just is really smooth
and make sure you're puckering that's a
little bit anything down like this
because I don't want my favor beautiful
golden in it and it all hard to my hands
over him need to match the color on my
face in my neck initial consistency why
does it not been for some tape and down
okay guys to make sure you own me to my
hair okay look you go home girl so I do
this so I'm using a new concealer it is
the heart-shaped cake concealer it's a
little too light for my liking I finally
have used up my XD water one at semi
four or five months I've been trying to
use it upwards and my favorite mascara
that I'm still using is be sticky thick
from Sam's Club comes in a pack of two
and I always said it was nine dollars 15
is $20 for the packages but I'm pretty
much out and I'm going to go today so I
need baby wipes and I'm gonna need to
stock up on those and I think I'm given
I like short five and you stop so you
just have them on hand got your ducky
duck I know you disrupt it you're
showing your duck because to get back on
the other day and and a little surprise
in it okay a little bit it's a little I
would show up to a little it was I am
all ready for the day but I have to show
you guys my favorite jeans that I have
been wearing like me every time I wear
them chairs like I love those jeans
she's like still on jeans a little bit
and I told my mama says she's like
where'd you get your pants are cute as I
think for my mom jeans she's like oh no
her not and I showed us the back of them
and she goes tell her hi she was over
what I used to wear all the time
so I got these at really at the local
boutique care and they have a online
store but look how high the bat goes
like is that not crazy who could move
anyway so these are my panties are mice
they're very very stretchy I kind of
sometimes have a hard time finding sizes
small enough in their tops for me at
their store but I do really like these
pants and I have found a few top sort of
works for me so Johnson what are we
doing right now it's cute all our
friends are really they're having two
babies and you really wanted to come to
the doctor's a consistent huh yeah so
we're at the doctor's office I'm filling
out paperwork and they are going to do a
few tests on me and just do a little
checkup yep good make sure everything
looks good so is this is a baby a resin
iris kalgan's that's not talkin after
you it was Calvin but this is you and
you were like a year old I was a Tuesday
mmm I went to my doctor's appointment
today she pretty much just said that
everything that I said sounded a little
off but every pregnancy is different and
she sees a ton of things and she says to
not worry quite yet and she still took
the blood sample they're getting ready
to come right back about the blood right
now so I'll hear back any minute about
that hi hi Shelly this is so the blood
test shows very low HCG levels okay so
done bad huh it's there but they're
they're lower than we would expect for
how far along you are
yeah so they want you to come back in
about 48 hours okay we'll just see
what's going on well I really appreciate
you calling me back today thank you yeah
you bet we'll call you again tomorrow
okay thanks I appreciate it
bye have a good day out of the four
years that we've been filming I think
today has been the absolute hardest day
to film yeah and know what to say
because we don't know what's really
going on I had my doctor's appointment
today they it was just they like to see
you around 6 to 8 weeks just to do
bloodwork and you know get you in the
system and they do an ultrasound it like
so I did that and they called back today
about my blood work to saying the HCG
levels were lower than they would want
it to be so that kind of has us kind of
thrown just through a little loop I mean
it definitely makes us worry about all
of the different outcomes that that
could mean but at the same time that's
exactly what happened with Calvin do you
know so we are in a little limbo stage
and we will keep you guys updated as
we're updated which I think they want to
see me on Thursday we'll see what my
levels look like on Thursday that's it
oh it's just been a really rollercoaster
month yeah I mean not not even just the
past two days like the whole show I just
been on then yeah with everything that's
been going on in yeah but I think you
especially have a lot of weight on your
shoulders and there's a lot of things
that are going through your mind right
now and there's ups and there's downs
and right now we're kind of feeling
totally I really enjoy putting the kids
to bed tonight I put both boys to bed
they had a really late night we just
laid in bed watch shows and they took a
bath and they just were cute
yeah we're pretty lucky yeah so we'll
just go ahead and except you posted on
what we find out you know that's that's
the hardest part is just waiting and I
feel like you've been waiting yeah it's
not really that's what's been harder
than you know something um it's just
crazy yeah I I certainly don't want this
to go on notice is that Ellie and I do
appreciate all of the support I mean
despite anything that said it doesn't go
unnoticed all of the support that we
receive absolutely we're so grateful for
it we really really are and it's
something we talk about often with us
sharing our life is especially like
these like moments that you are emotions
you're vulnerable there's just so many
pros and there's a few cons but at the
end of the day it's worth it yeah at the
end of the day it's sorry that's okay
and you're okay a lot of the people that
we've been talking to are people that we
know is in it because of this
yeah butters and crochets and I hurt
pedophile she's a viewer she just
started a blog Channel and talked to her
she just recently had a miscarriage and
you know just talking to so many people
it's just crazy how everyone everyone
has story that's it thank you guys so
much for watching and we'll keep you
updated as we are updated and I think
we're going to hit the hay and try and
get some sleep
so see you guys bye
