play your dream on how am i doing I'm
making you dinner
spaghetti are you gonna eat it
now what I'm going hey
just a little morning dance - over here
guys
good morning happy Monday
ready bar busy day what Toby dance with
you my job it keeps dropping
you got yourself ready for school he's
like mom I'm ready to go I got undressed
he just put his shoes on went in the van
got his book bag are you ready for
school I come on my ladder say in my
book oh you put your toe in your book
bags in my life your water fish toy good
okay should we get going and get you to
school I'm here going to jet loves me I
would love to should we go yeah okay I
love you overview hold my hand we'll go
together
oh I just love you I need my favorite
part about to Jackson on his all
principal field trip was we were walking
and see how to stop and the whole line
how to wait friends and you can pick up
a special rocks and that was hi my
favorite part just a little boy of mine
will always be a rock lover but we have
some awesome people working in our yard
today for me to packed up the whole
family Peggy
stop playing around grab this backyard
and we are going to take them along with
us as we go
hey campers I can't think of anything
that I like what the onions of course
I'm the kid I looked up picked up things
off the ground and everything but
Jackson love rocks and I don't know if
I've loved anything in much lenses
jacket on rock it's not even ele
one here on my face you see them these
are whiskers my son think I have
whiskers I've never felt more like a man
than I do now are they kind of pokey you
know what my grandpa used to do when he
didn't shave her like an hour he would
take my take his face and put it against
mine
and rub and just shake you know hurt my
face because so pokey maybe not an hour
maybe a couple days you just forget them
enough you sleep good good I'm so glad
to hear that and then we'll and then
grandpa will stick around a week ago
yeah I've been sleeping your sugar trees
in years shameless you want me to get my
own yeah but what if I can't get my own
can i scoop in yours first
you can sleep in our bouquet came out
Marco Marco whoa look at this
Marco oh there's Calvin hi cow look at
this TV this huge there's an island in
this RV there's an island in this RV
Ellie but I feel like you haven't even
showed them yet
whoa look at this dude we're looking at
is the same size as the other one off
interior better though it's a little
more updated righty what did you learn
right oh let's see
whoa - Jared's measuring just top of
this because the other one we were
looking at was too tall for our garage
so we're kind of looking at some other
options that are a little shorter but
it's the same set it's the one we kind
of looking at I bet over there for kids
but over here for us and I really liked
it it's cute all right can't read you
change the other trailers holy cow isn't
going to hundreds of them this is what
it looks like you can make that into a
bed you have a little storage for some
games a little storage for food cut your
frigerator and your bathroom so instead
of what we're looking at we'll see what
a sizing is it fun it's just like the
funnest day of your life yeah I'm a
bargain I bet you've never lived on the
totals were during the fog it's crazy
with what more you get out of a trailer
if you can pull the extra weight so much
more storage this is so fun just to look
at her months is that bug bed dinner mom
was that fun kiddo she liked that you
guys would sleep on that one just
together cool kind of feeling bigger I
kind feel smaller because you don't have
to push out this one kitchen has tons of
storage so cute those are all tight one
day one day days really I think so too
so fun you love you daddy I could sleep
down here I kind of like the other one
we are looking at a little better and
I'm but this is still this is still
pretty cool I like the bug bad ideas I
love this one and Julie do you regret
loving the bug that's really all we
wanted so fun go see what mommy's doing
and that's the West you don't okay go up
- I say what you doing
right your dream on what am i doing I am
making you dinner
spaghetti are you gonna eat it now what
I'm going to do Donna store the guy says
something about social and you said
social cooking as in swig social cookies
so you'll know he was talking about how
her morning there's stuff I do for Bobby
you want stuff on me I believe in
forgiving Wow
are you happy today today yeah good
what's your favorite part about today it
was ad trailer going over the trailers
yeah pretty fun huh
yeah yeah are you gonna let me sleep in
your trailer
now you're a favorite you want to you
want to the bad idea we got a pic in the
password right how come I think you guys
are so cute
chairs good trend see if you can figure
out some computer skills usually that's
how we missed stuff but I'm helping
himself today I think you're awesome you
have to drag me show you yeah we want me
to do right now - da Dada da da so what
rumor it's getting dark know what whoa
you'll never know why he wants me to
watch and Kevin learned a new word today
Oh sakes what did you learn what word
what word you learn but you're changing
his butt and he learned so much
what oh wow um yeah that we were
changing your but they but yes most the
time kids do not need toys he is happy
to go from one cover to the other to put
pasta and beans from one cupboard
to the next
and undo all the paper but who says that
yeah but good either goofy from a goofy
movie I'm gonna sit on my ha
could we poop and then we clean up our
buck huh yeah yeah dude you've got some
killer dance moves you know that oh
thank you no we'll take that we show
thank you Oh show me your dances yeah
well look at you break this whoa dude
you are killing on the dance floor
cows intense whoa ten out of ten for
sure whoa one is a good boy poor Dan
moose yeah oh man imagine how good
you'll be when you have five dance moves
yeah do you think you can think of one
more dance moves so you can have five
the diaper throw I love it I love it
Jackson you're a professional dancer now
show us your move make sure you nice
maybe it's a finger okay no you are
growing so big like a beanstalk major
you might be okay and the grand finale
whoa oh my god he's stuck on and without
the bull ride advisory Bella we got the
kids transferred into bed and the
landscapers came today and got a lot of
stuff done over on the side of the house
and I'm excited to take a peek at what
they've done for me penny did you have
fun today at Grandma's house scuze you
doing so Joe crow doesn't but yeah
they've been working here all day and
I'm excited to see what they did today
because when I lay out the brickwork and
a lot of it happens pretty quick so I'm
excited to take a peek but Vinnie open
can't go too far Feeny can't go too far
you can't mess anything up here okay
anything up so they are getting all of
this stuff done by the hot tub which is
great so this right here is going to be
grass a grass patch and then we've got
the walkway here for the hot tub and
we're going to just have like that the
side of the house is going to be rock
still but grass here which I'm very
excited about it's just crazy how when
things change just gets like the energy
pumping you get excited again we were
talking about what other like playground
stuff we can do over there for the kids
and like trees we want it in the
backyard
it's just it's just fun and exciting and
I can't wait till all of this gets done
and where we can sit right here and look
out at the yard at the kids playing but
Who am I kidding I'm going to be playing
with them just as much as they are
playing so today has been a day full of
emotions we're just really grateful that
we've been able to spend so much time
with family to past few days we are so
grateful for our family and we're
grateful for all the love and support
that we have been receiving lately it
means a lot to us that for dad for the
bed he goes I have a baby and guess what
baby like you are yours ever cute yeah
he wants another Calvin which i think is
like the cutest yes but with that we are
going to end the vlog guys we hope you
have a wonderful day and we will see you
guys tomorrow
thanks for watching bye
