- sausages for Sony Elias incomplete
because of accessibility we got your
library books back and they were
positive
congratulations
I've had one cycle 130
her engine estrogen see haha
I don't you have five I needed to pee
you've been holding it for a long time
and I'm very impressed
oh my goodness so first off happy
mother's day yeah Mother's Day well
thank you we've had to see you really
fun Mother's Day hexing Jersey here
that's so hilarious so if you guys have
been following us for a little bit you
will know that several weeks ago I got a
positive ovulation test and we were so
excited and like after I go weak I was
like I feel pregnant like just
everything that was happening to me
happened with my other two pregnancies
and then we took a few tests quite a few
tests and they were negative and part of
me thought well I'm not going to roll it
out yet because I feel pregnant and then
she was like two days ago we took a test
right and we were just like really maybe
it's just nine and I think that was like
the first point where like Molin I guess
this is really we're going to try again
next time you know and last night as I
was taking a shower I was looking at my
belly my body I just like this does not
look like me and so I thought I should
take another test do you wanna go take
one right now and now I really have to
take a test yes I have to pee really bad
you're either going to be are you going
to take a test I brought in a hurryin
like guess I'm cooking down before I go
to church so
okay you ready well I'm not going to
call you in all the way you just use so
for it okay let me see
that's just like two seconds ago this is
very fresh isn't it this is very fresh
Ellie's does align so much better Ellie
that is a line right there don't you
think I don't think I see it
and I feel like I feel like I've known
for a long time because I have felt it
but it's been a emotional roller coaster
if I see something that it's not but I
know that how I feel and so to finally
just see I'm like yes we are compromise
not just crazy oh my gosh oh my gosh
it's fun that you can kind of see last
night's a little bit but this is already
darker than what that was last night
like yeah it's I mean let's see let's
let's show
yes there is totally like you okay well
it's really hard to see is even me look
in it but it's definitely there yeah me
too
okay well I will let you know in the
morning happy Mother's Day to you
it got a little darker as I was talking
to it I can see a line I can see a line
of faint but it's there do you see that
bottom one right there that vertical
line so this was last night that's kind
of faded away and we could barely see
you last night but it's there you can
still kind of see it I don't know if the
camera will pick it up but this is on
that I just took and it's that's it done
I don't line up an online-only and it's
getting just a hair darker and I feel
like this is feel like really fresh you
know like you just like the sense yeah
it has it mouthful two minutes bra it's
such a relief
yeah like I'm so happy having Mother's
Day freaking Mother's Day day why are
kids acute sorry we found out we were
pregnant with Jackson not that it goes
really close to Mother's Day yeah so
it's so crazy and I can feel it
especially our attendant I'm very
excited we are going to have a baby
we're gonna have a baby your family can
you believe is know oh my god I really
can't just weird like you said this is
just such a huge sense of relief
yeah I can't ever relief because I'm
just like is going
I can't imagine how it feels in your
body feeling those things and then
seeing those negative pregnancy tests
like that's got to be so confusing and
frustrating and then to finally have
this is like just a huge weight off your
shoulders like yes yes yes yes what a
great Mother's Day gift I just want to
get that first ultrasound and I'll
really feel good but I'm very excited I
love you love you kiss my mouth we're
gonna have a baby guys we're gonna have
a baby
look at that oh my gosh my dad's more
obsessed
hey there clean off right it is faint
but it's been noticeable it is there
what do you think I think it so cool I'd
better slice I'm not crazy
for two weeks you find them like this
girl crazy baby led thing about this
like because every night like Jared this
is not normal Jared this is not normal
the thing about this is like no matter
what happens we go through it together
if we go down then we go down together
this is close this is so stinking pool
happy Mother's Day happy Mother's Day
transformer surprise in here Wow Wow
you know what Jackson I think we have a
surprise for you
let's keep countin and we'll tell you
okay what's this picture that's it
what surprise you know what you're
holding a surprise
that's right mom and daddy are going to
have
yeah and just where the baby is black
babies are my tummy
baby are you gently right now yeah once
he it's gonna take a minute for the baby
to grow Calvin was in my times and you
are my daddy
do you remember when mommy's tummy was
big when problem inside and you gave
mommy tell me a big kiss
yeah guess what you're gonna have a
little brother or a little sister yeah
I'm so excited yeah what do you think oh
talking to smile you have to learn to
share a little more you're not gonna be
the baby of a family anymore
Jackson want a little brother or do you
want a little sister I knew I was comin
another Calvin you like telling a lot
don't you yeah and realize oh wow first
go on now it's like yeah now we're even
more question
I'm excited too I feel it like and you
have yeah
I have spent my whole morning cooking so
let me have a really yummy dinner so
feast your eyes
Oh
Oh
Oh
today is a very enjoyable day spending
time with family and our kids
I think Calvin's in denial I've met
where's the baby
I don't know no no no and Jackson
several times today has come up and said
happy Mother's Day and kissed my belly
which has been so so sweet
we've had a wonderful day we've been on
the phone for hours today calling family
and friends and we've been messaging a
lot of people a lot of our friends that
are struggling right now and our IVF
winners we have been messaging them
telling them we want a lot of people to
know before we announce announce that we
are expecting our IVF couples have been
on my mind a lot lately I mean ever
since we've found out who they are of
course they've been on my mind but
especially on Mother's Day because this
can be a difficult holiday for a lot of
people and you guys I'm talking to our
IVF couples and all of those who are
struggling right now you guys are in our
thoughts and prayers especially during
this time it can be difficult but we
have talked about this from the
beginning
I feel like our channel is almost like a
support group in at now I think we have
this wonderful community of people who
have gone through the same thing who are
going through the same thing right now
that a lot of you guys may have been or
are are we it's been a very fun night
because we have been able to reconnect
as a lot of our friends I told you we
had a dinner with my with some of my
friends the other night and I have
talked to a few of my friends today that
cannot have children two of my friends
just yesterday miscarried two of them
one of you guys I met at playlist
I talked to yesterday and it's just
there any point in a pregnancy there's
not a safe point and a lot of times
people like to wait a little bit till
they're a little further along and
rightfully so if that is your decision I
have always been one to want to be open
and because I am great
that I'm pregnant right now and I told
Jared today I was like I hope that
everything goes smooth like every time
you like Calvin and Jackson I felt like
things are really good we had a little
scare with Calvin and it was so scary
but I was grateful for I remember at the
time I remember Jackson playing as a toy
the night that we thought that maybe we
were miscarrying and I was like I'm
grateful for the time that I was
pregnant and I am confident and I'm
hopeful and I'm excited but part of me
is also you always think of another side
as well that could always happen and I
am grateful for the changes that I've
seen in my body the last few weeks it is
crazy and amazing and I've gained six
pounds this month like if any of you
have followed our journey it also lasts
almost four years I've always been the
same way and I don't gain weight unless
I'm pregnant
like since junior high have been the
same way and when I'm pregnant I gain
weight and then I nurse my babies and it
goes fast so I just I'm very happy and
grateful to see these changes and like
we said before where we want to be open
about this because we want to experience
it as it happens and talk about it as it
happens and to have that support group
there's some crazy last night I took a
picture of my belly when I got out of
the shower I was like this is insane
I want to post this and ask people like
have you experienced this crazy high
throw I'm losing it because I've been
talking so much to so many bees and
excited for tomorrow today has been fun
but crazy I'm excited for tomorrow to
just like be together so get in Jaron
has a huge net ahead of editing yes this
is going to be fun
guys we are about to experience a
incredible journey and you guys are more
than welcome to come along with us so if
you guys are new to this channel hit the
subscribe button because we're going to
make a video every single day about this
pregnancy journey that Ellie and I and
our two a credible kids are going to go
through together a piece in then yeah
they're going to be big brothers like
how exciting is that so thank you guys
for watching baby daddy
thank you
maybe I love you hey I had fun had a
mother at the optech Josh I had fun
during our part and a happy like
Mother's Day like is because of you we
have our kids and I love them I love you
so ball I love you guys
happy Mother's Day to you guys and we
will see you tomorrow but
