I have always wanted to do this like my
entire life you see this machine in
front of us I'm going to try and drive
hundred oh like we could all headache
will fit there's only one way to find
out
kara
you know you're gonna have a great
Saturday when you wake up to hot cookies
right out of the oven what what is mine
oh well I know why you want ha I love
the sprinkles is that one washer yummy
thank you punchers you need cookie too
maybe you can make me some more boy
Calvin
miss pretty penny I'm not letting you
get the camera girl I'm not letting you
hold it did this grass feel so good
Oh we came to Montauk I don't know we
came two months mom and dad's house to
have a little Mother's Day up dinner and
right before we came mom and dad said
that they were going to go look at so I
don't know it's a Jared and I are good
one or a bad one
okay chilly today huh you're good to
turn your back yeah that's good we've
been teaching the kids that she comes up
to you can just turn your back we've got
a peeper minute okay here you go
Wow yeah get up there so do you see all
these layouts and you remember when I
said are we good or bad influences
remember you said that this is your run
your wandering rat and this is all you
wanted this isn't much my mom and dad
went and looked at trailers today and
they did this on their own accord we did
not tell them to do this they're having
fun just as much as we are we've been
just looking but dad's looking at toy
haulers to college yeah something to put
the razor before we lose em yeah and why
don't you grandkids yeah perfect and
penny that's just cute it's been a
little crazy today we all were outside
them like it's a little chilly and penny
was taking Collins hat and the kids are
crying I'm like so now the kids are
watching movies well they're having fun
down there and we're having eating
crackers yeah it's fun browsing window
shopping
oh yeah and this like mom said that's
just as much fun as actual laughing
that's cars I think the sad thing is
that I would go on past a couple of
black holes but if you're standing very
head and you've never pulled the trigger
that's all your guests
philippine-american when I got shot too
long yeah I've seen mom dad window
shutters I wanted my dad he was he was
in the rest home and never had a pickup
in his life
Oh call the dealer and had a bring a
pickup to the rest home and he was out
sitting in the passenger seat kinda look
into the world
just hang on we've gotta think you want
to cry yeah so it you never stopped
thinking about oh yeah they were dreamin
you know and so that's the sweetest
thing and I love that I do remember that
I don't want to bring in a trailer to
hit that toilets in it you know that
toilet it you can go to the bathroom and
enjoy the Edit to me we'll bring you one
of the nurses with us guys we have some
brand-new babies here and they are just
so adorable and Ellie's holding them
right now you guys are going to love
this
oh look oh one sleeping she thought all
could be something on yeah oh what a
cute little brand-new baby oh yeah oh
yeah
this one's this one looks a little more
active yeah he's eating oh you want some
water oh he's talking already how cute
is that what cute little twins we have I
mean these aren't our twins close right
close your eyes it's time for nap are
you singing his brother to sleep
yeah I know he loves it Jackson I can't
believe you're just three baby yeah
you're acting like a little baby right
now huh I can't believe your street
because half the time I feel like your
mindset and what you do is like you're
five and yeah no but you're just three
you're still just really little yeah
you're a baby right now because he's
acting like my little baby huh never
does this this one kind of like sucking
it up oh oh she's your model if only
that would always shush you up okay
close your eyes baby good night good
night
Aunt Linda just called mom but mom is in
the kitchen cooking so we are going to
call Aunt Linda back and that Linda
watches our videos
oh she was cold that Marta call she's
making around aunt like that I went to
call you and you didn't answer Aunt
Linda watches our videos every day
say hi Aunt Linda hi Daddy
hi Aunt Linda we're so glad that you
watch our videos and you try and call
you again and see if you off the phone
we'll see just on the other end
I have always wanted to do this like my
entire life you see this machine in
front of us I'm gonna try and drive
hundred oh we could Oh Hank will fit
there's only one way to find out
Jerry no that one is uncool if we were
in the car we could do it no yeah okay
Chevy Chase visit vacation and just say
get stuck on the end there like we just
asked you will you look at the half
carat is enough maybe now that your face
is scary
ah what would be your favorite just my
skin some really really bad
yeah ten jumps and face snap oh
and I instagrammed on my story cannot
see what kind there I got from Ulta I
sent dirt a picture I haven't talked
about baby stuff very much that through
our last pregnancy test which is
negative I do call my doctor and she
said to wait till I'm four weeks past
ovulation which will be next week I
think we could take another test and it
was negative and my stomach at night is
very very full so anyway we haven't
eaten anything so sinners yeah
so you can look at if you want and drop
your show it okay and I've said this
before and I'm a very petite person
normally so like this is still really
small but I think this is not my body
bias exam I look and I feel different I
don't I don't feel sick or anything and
I'll have it all kind of symptoms early
so I'm just trying to take it like a
daytime and scare use and talking it's
been a very emotional because I feel
something but I'm seeing something
different you know
no I'm they said wait one more week when
were you just talking to your friend
like they didn't get a positive until
five weeks yeah I'm talking about right
Vivian and she thought that she got a
positive Iran five weeks so yeah we'll
see
I started so that's a sign that's cool
I think we should taking one half of
your face blue and then you'd look like
Braveheart and that was really funny
when I walked in your gaming reversed
you said you scared me I was like one
under face this is just so cool eNOS
it's very cool you should wear it
Oakland exploitation of where I okay
we've been gone most of the day at
Ellie's parents house and running
errands for Mother's Day this weekend
and I wanted to check to see if some
Mother's Day packages have arrived at
our house or what it looks like we've
got a couple things I think you guys may
have seen these already these are some
flowers that we got from our church the
young woman delivered us but no other
packages that's a big bummer because
we're actually expecting two packages
one for Ellie's mom and one for my mom
that we were really really hoping would
be delivered today but it doesn't look
like they were it was a difficult
situation because we tried so hard to
get them here on time but I guess
shipping just took a little bit longer
than we anticipated customer service
said that it would be here today which
is but it was such a hard thing anyway
kind of a Mother's Day mishap but I
think we'll have it all figured out and
taken care of I think we can think of
something to give Ellie's mom and my mom
as like a little standard gift a little
gift right here to stand in in place of
the actual one we gave something
Nellie's mom today just kind of like
that but shoot I'm kind of bummed I was
really hoping we'd get it in time but
that's I guess that's what you get when
you're close to the deadline we didn't
miss it we were just really close I'm
sorry I don't know that you're going to
be okay early Mother's Day seal hmm we
need a lot of that play out there it was
really sad I think my office plan is
like kind of said to oh we wanted that
Yemenite okay okay
over the past couple days I have been
thinking about mothers as probably most
of you have for you guys it is Mother's
Day I have just been thinking about how
grateful I am and want to express my
gratitude and appreciation for mothers
we are so lucky to have mothers in our
life and I feel so incredibly grateful
and blessed to have more than one mother
in my life I have my mom Ellie is the
mother of my children and Ellie's mom
and my grandma so many mothers who are
shaping and impacting others and I am
just so grateful for mothers I am so
grateful for my family I just wanted to
let you guys know how much I love my mom
and how grateful I am for her and
especially Ellie I love her very very
much we were just talking about how we
are in six months going to be
celebrating eight years of marriage and
the past few years with children and I
just watched our Mother's Day tribute to
those struggling with infertility and I
think Ellie and I even from then have
grown and have learned so much and have
such a better appreciation for things in
life and I'm just I'm grateful I wanted
to reiterate this from our Mother's Day
tribute to all those past present future
and hopeful Happy Mother's Day we love
you guys and we are grateful for you and
with that we are going to end the vlog
thank you guys so much for watching we
hope you have a wonderful weekend and we
will see you guys tomorrow bye
