yeah Brenda Batmobile is pretty fun
again but I think there's something I
could do to make it more fun standing
and drab and standing and driving yet
I'm standing in common in my bubble
beautiful I held him on my hip because
he's getting too big just on the air and
I made that realization so I held them
on my hips and I took him to preschool
and I just it's crazy how big he's
getting it's just I'm like sad you know
like I've known that he's been getting
bigger but it's just like seeing him
talking to his friends and there's just
kind of sad to see him go today but
Calvin and I took the morning and spent
some time together I went to breakfast
and Calvin did not eat much but he
stared at the window and watched all the
cars go by on the highway and I think
that was probably savor part of the day
just watching cars go by Calvin went
with me when I was running my errands
this morning we went to the candy store
to pick out a few chocolates for a few
ladies at church with it being Mother's
Day on Sunday there's a few girls I
visit once a month to see how they're
doing to see if they need help and so I
thought chocolates for Mother's Day is
the perfect fit so Calvin help me pick a
few of those out I was pretty emotional
already with dropping Jackson off at
preschool
but then when I picked him up it was
even more emotional every day before
school I tell them make sure you're nice
to your friends make sure you share make
sure to be happy and listen to your
teacher and I never know how he really
is when I leave him but as I pick
Jackson up one of the moms of another
child is then asked if I was Johnson's
mom I'm kind of nervous of what she was
going to say but she said that it was
his boys birthday today and none of his
family was going to make it and she
started crying and asked if Jackson
could come because her son could invite
one friend and she chose Jackson and
that made me so happy that not a little
boy would ask Jackson to come to his
four
they because that meant that Jackson has
been his friend
that means Jackson has been listening
and he has been really nice to his
friends and sharing if that little boy
saw I'm going to ask Jackson to come to
my birthday if I can invite one friend
with it being a Mother's Day especially
Mother's Day on Sunday I have been
thinking and pondering about my babies
right now and just how grateful I am for
these two boys and life and motherhood
is so hard to know me the ball mr. Z
life and motherhood can be so hard and
the biggest thing that I want my kids to
know is just to love to love one another
mama boo my boo's
it's so important to love one another
and to be other people's friends and I
know that at some times in my life all I
need is just one friend that cuz I think
you're cute and I'm just glad that
Jackson has been a friend to somebody
and I'm excited for him to go pick out a
little present versus little friend from
preschool
Oh
hey bad news I just I seen it and I hate
it and I miss bumps hate it I'm actually
really you are happy tell me why you're
happy because you remember that time we
built a house and I probably know
everyone with her dog knows like we have
the bad builder well I think we do well
he said let me tell you those first hold
that thought
so this is the bad news the online
website gives a different height of the
trailer that we wanted then the brochure
does there's a five inch discrepancy and
so we called the guy in was like hey so
what's the actual height of the thing
that you have on a lot he said 120
inches this is a hundred and eighteen
inches we are the I'm inches right on
right there and I was like well isn't
there like a flat profile AC unit on the
top because that's where the height is
coming from and he said yes but you only
get like a couple inches different so
we're like right there on the brim so
I'm not sure if we're going to be able
to get that specific one but do you
remember that thought you had yeah so
I've been talking to my mom and dad and
but you guys know the builder built my
mom dad's house they've just loved him
for like their whole life and my dad
they asked him for a quote ask them to
come up and see if you can because our
garage the ceiling is so huge like
ridiculously huge to this how he makes
the house it between aspects such a huge
garage I love it yeah but the doorway is
just smaller so I asked him it was the
okay they made it a little bigger and
he's a killer you drive down tomorrow
which they live an hour away
yeah and I'll look at it let you know so
I think he's going to come by tomorrow
and just take a look at it and like give
us a quote for something and we'll kind
of go from there and see but that's good
news
coupled with the bad news so I'm like
well the whole day I've just been like
oh we're so close like is literally one
or two inches is it all dirty stay out
here please mr. popsicle face you can't
just run inside my house when you've got
popsicle all over your face show me your
face right now you show me your whole
face hey I'm I'm kind of dangling here
in the wind will you be my weight
I think if we went that I had probably
looked kind of dumb but I mean maybe 140
11 feet 132 inches Jackson did you think
sitting in your Batmobile wasn't that
cool enough you had to stand up and like
go off the curb and do tricks
yeah you did all right well Jackson has
a birthday party this afternoon so we
got both of them yes ma'am a Thursday so
great day girls right now is such wait
when did your birthday oh right good job
but we're getting ready for this
birthday party and so I thought I would
get the kids all dressed and clean and
looking snazzy okay we're going to use
dad's hair stuff I'm not sure if mom
ever uses dad's hair stuff but we're
gonna try it okay
hmm I use called Mitchell spray wax I'm
not sure there's any other technical
terms but yeah theory there we go
a little too much for your hair your
hair is very young
while my Arizona Church I'm going gray
yeah hi all right hello perfect
I won't mess it don't worry bud felt
like okay see like that
yeah it's a little higher than mommy
usually don't care huh should we go show
mommy and see what you think
what do you think you look slick let me
smell your feet Wow
okay for good bass I know what you're
gonna give it to him in cheese doodle
guess what's up we've got something that
we're going to do before you go to your
birthday party I thought it was this
would be fun to do for both
okay yeah like I say your birthday party
because it's the birthday party that
you're going to not your birthday party
but you're still going to go up to it
okay you guys want to play a fun game
yeah I'll show you I'll go get it
okay are you guys ready to see this this
fun fun fun game mommy and daddy got at
playlist live and we're brought it back
so you get to play
it's called fantastic gymnastics do you
go to gymnastics yeah do you want to go
to gymnastics yeah let's play this game
it looks so fun yeah okay boys we've got
it all set up doesn't it look so cool
and what we need to do is this guy is
our gymnast what should his name be I
mean name B okay name B is a gymnast and
he's going to swing on here and we have
to help him swing by pushing the yellow
button okay and then when he swings all
the way around we're going to try and
get him to land on this mat right here
and we get him to land by pushing that
red button okay so watch daddy's going
to try it first and we'll see Eddie oh
we got to turn on
so we've got to put the batteries in
okay take two I think we've got the
batteries in Jackson why don't you test
the yellow button go whoa whoa okay now
press the red button okay push the red
button oh dude that was a good teamwork
huh okay that's how we got to do it
again from now on okay I think we've got
it figured out you guys ready to do this
now oh let's try again when he's
flipping around you push the red button
okay ready swings going all the way
around
oh okay push the red button heart oh you
did it yay stuck the landing
oh you gonna make me flip it silly here
ah table Oh head first Ranger than that
I must have heard I think he's having a
seizure
you need to try this okay none of us can
do it oh you're getting to go around
what Jackson we did it oh I can't
believe we weren't filming that one he
stuck it can you believe that dude let's
try it again
okay ready ready your walk almost yeah
that's one way of doing it right no
matter how hard I try I cannot seem to
get this work I give up
I can't even make them crash are you
kidding me right now yeah I did not
believe that as amazing common did you
do that you did someone is excited it's
Friday night
are you excited it's Friday night she
got something I thought she's got a ball
before she even get a ball from penny
are you a magician because that ball was
not there three seconds ago
she just keeps going look at this
please going on so she's running laughs
I'm getting busy oh good movie
she's got a ball come here you
hi my name is Ellie Meachem and I'm just
going to whip up this delicious dip
waiting like three seconds flat no big
deal and I'm gonna eat it you don't even
like it well I'm speaking for yourself
Ellie this is a you talking in your
brain that's what's happening but tends
to be my voice that I use for just about
everyone whether it's penny or Kelvin
but it's a pretty good voice that's
pretty universal I think everyone really
likes it all I really wish you'd shut up
about how is it by the way what is in it
wakka moly
my packet Oh tomatoes and cilantro I
forgot the line okay just in case you
didn't have enough guacamole
you have guacamole and guacamole packets
yeah we oh it's a baccata avocado we
always use our Brian an idiot I never
make it here because you don't like half
of you know like any is I don't really
like any of that stuff but you know what
I do like I've been eating on these
chips
I'll just read them Plain Jane these are
great all you this whole ball tonight
yes you will well guys that is how we
are ending our evening Netflix and sleep
I am Jean Kelly's asleep the kids are
doing great and that's where we're going
to end the vlog thank you guys so much
for watching I hope you have a wonderful
wonderful weekend happy Mother's Day on
Sunday and we'll see you guys tomorrow
if you enjoyed the video give it a
thumbs up if you're new this channel hit
that subscribe button thanks for
watching bye
