you guys have to see how fast Kelvin
comes down the driveway on his little
bike you're gonna try and put them on
yeah I think that's right
oh but you got both legs in one pant leg
try again
there you go now pull them up good job
mate you got home up all the way silly I
just can't go running around with your
pants around your ankles come on you
guys come in and great day and when the
burger look like that they want to watch
your front day don't run because what's
up good
how many do we need three more thanks
for your help dad oh you're welcome
buddy
go yeah all right what do you think of
lunch mr. J you like what okay then you
can have those ones I am making some
hamburgers hamburgers are pretty much
done I covered that for a minute
broccoli this is the first time I've
ever done this with onions I did onions
vinegar and a little teaspoon of sugar
and caramelized it so I am very excited
so much this is our second meal of the
hellofresh we do the deal with them
yesterday it was not a good meal so
hopefully today turned out just as good
how come you are such a good helper he
insisted the hughster Calvin's poopy
diaper away Thank You mr. and every
morning Elvis maybe throw out in the
garage because it's stinky and every
morning he makes sure he put all of his
dishes in the sink this is so nice
thank you what thank you so much such a
good helper I love it when we laugh at
our kids getting hurt Calvin doing
ricocheted off his cap well he's on the
blue ottoman or you jump to the cows and
just bounces off of it
and then sellers fighting always he
isn't I spoke up and then these are the
best things I'm so glad that's what I
wanted these fours I wanted the kids to
be able to like run and Johnson it's
just fun to be on TV show you guys we
left so hard one of you guys so talented
made this and tweeted us and we were
like are you kidding me and I didn't
think you've said so so so glad you did
thank you it's so hilarious yes Calvin
with the Where's Waldo glasses and it
looks just like it it's hilarious like
his teeth I love like my favorite you
did such a perfect job on his teeth is
their name on it no I
they're from Taiwan oh my gosh isn't
that adorable oh my gosh Jackson like
good dick yeah so precious I get frame
those and resist
Calvin you could be believed I love the
our viewers I suppose you guys have to
see how much Calvin comes down the
driveway on his little bike you got so
bad but you can just flip over one these
days yeah that is so much fun now time
to see you let me see how fast you can
go little dirt sandstorm let's see it
wow you are such a speedster students of
that corner like at 90 degrees oh my
gosh
I have to say that this is probably the
smoothest thing that I have ever done in
the entire existence of this house and
that is putting this up it is level it
is clean it looks good we've got two
hooks Jackson saying tada and I did it
and it took about ten minutes which is
not that's in our only three photos in
the rest that you can see that are not
hard as a doubler mistake but they're
happy little mistakes thanks Bob Ross
for keeping me up listed but seriously I
think it's so I think it looks really
really good
we moved the trailer Matt the plows here
so we have all of this open space and
this is the perfect space for the
trailer I'll be ready for an adventure
yeah you guys ready it's such a
beautiful day the sun is shining and
this is like oh it's just gorgeous we
thought we would take the whole family
and just go on a little hike up the
canyon and appreciate the beauty that we
have in our backyard I get told by penny
when she's exploring
being out here reminds me of when I was
a kid walking around the woods with my
dad if you guys didn't know my dad is
kind of an expert when it comes to being
a mountain man I guess I think that's
the best way to describe it he loved
wilderness survival he loves identifying
plants and trees and berries what's
poisonous what's edible and so I'm
looking around here and I'm just
thinking like oh yeah I think we're all
good everything looks great just because
of what my dad taught me and I don't
know enough to to teach my kids exactly
I kind of just have an idea going
camping and even maybe having the
trailer I think is just going to be a
really cool opportunity for my kids to
have this wilderness education from me
and my dad and that's what I'm so
excited for did you find a big rock so
cool dude dude you want to know how old
that rock is let me feel it
let me see oh my goodness Jackson that
rock is 300 million years old that's all
I get Oh 300 million years your little
brain can't even fathom that much time
yeah let's go there is so much to
explore up here that Jarrod I haven't
even touched the surface but there's
like a cave up here I wonder if the kids
will be interested or notice it at all
so we'll see come here do you see
something cool what that's a big rock
right up there okay
you know what that's called yeah it's
called a cave okay should we go in the
cave yeah dang man muttering screaming
hi Jess my grizzly bears but not in that
one I think that one's just for us let's
go see if there's monsters in it Calver
any what's up your book do you see that
cave I need to pick my nose
the cave
come on live you can do it hey you go
good job ah oh my goodness
this is so huge oh my goodness guys look
at this cave looks like a lot of people
have been here before
oh my gosh it's nice and cool in here
there are no monsters in here that's so
good huh
there are no bears here either yeah
sometimes bears hibernate insane you see
anything good penny look at her look at
her she is climbing up there that's some
good climb in there don't go too high
get in here this is a gorgeous you holy
crap
just goes to show how big this is look
how small my family I'll take it yeah
mmm you are such a good climber dude
just be careful all right it's cool to
see the color change you can see how
dark the top is versus the sides of the
wall because people would make fires can
you believe we saw a cave Jackson was
that so cool did you find any monsters
in there boys was that a good thing or
did you want to see monsters okay yeah
up in that cave right over there
no monsters not the monster free cave
well I saw two little monsters but I
didn't tell you and hairy one yeah one
big hairy one and two little monsters
and they were pretty cute huh Thunder go
out and have penny be in a area that's
like not home yeah she loves her and
she'll come back you know and that's the
best part is like she's doing so good
off leash she stays close she has fun
you having fun penny look at that she's
getting all the way in oh I bet it does
is he getting us that's so fun that Jack
and I want to make sure that Penn you
got to play in her Park huh
oh good brother and making sure he's
takeaway are you want me to let go and
he's like I'm not going anywhere with
you
Kelvin is very mad she doesn't want your
ID to hold it but he wants knock penny
but Ben he's too strong for him you
might have rope oh there we go
well that was good I lasted
come in the flood with me and just like
that it is nighttime for the kid um this
morning I had done a little Instagram
you don't follow us so how about in the
description but although both of us not
just a fill I post a picture about like
our day and how it was a lot harder
that's been normal and everyday with two
toddlers is discipline and correcting
them all day and you know not even like
crazy discipline just like up we don't
talk that way please don't take that say
sorry to your brother
like you know just little things like
that that's a constant discipline every
teaching yeah I totally believe that you
should discipline heart and love even
harder and we definitely do that and we
don't show that because that's just not
part of usually what we've shown we
don't have the camera with us you know
half the time of being like oh and you'd
just play jacks let me grab the camera
I'm going to put Kelvin a corner let me
grab a shot and this morning it just
seemed like today was a little harder
for me and the kids I was like their
little toddlers but I feel like nobody
is what was the words that I appreciate
it and then I'm appreciating me it was
really hard you know and even though
they're little toddlers you know my
feelings get hurt and their feelings can
get hurt you know just because they're
little their feelings get hurt too but
something that Jared and I do a lot is
when we wherever we golf we are getting
ready to go to Grandma's house or into
the grocery store or church we always
prep them and this is something that my
parents did and we've never talked about
this we've just both done it yeah we
just prep them like when we go in the
store you know we're not getting treats
today and we're not gonna cry and that
they really do good I think pressing on
the helps you know before grandma's
house don't jump on grandpa stomach and
her head take off your shoes when you
can yes or you know just all sorts of
things I think the prepping and they
usually do a really great job at that
and I'm really happy and proud of where
our boys are at right now and being a
parent is a lot of hard work but I'm
really grateful for them and happy with
where we are all at well and the thing
that I love about it is
that when we do those things and they
act on them it's the most rewarding
thing an entire world you know it's just
the best like when Jackson asked to go
to his friend's house all I was like yes
thank you like we've talked about that
before we don't go into our friend's
house if you want to go over ask me like
it was so nice to like see him the
thought process so our kids are in bed
we are going to get ready for bed and
the vlog thank you guys so much for
watching today and we'll see you
tomorrow bye
