did you just fart yes good morning guys
I hope you're having a fantastic day and
do you want to know who else is hoping
you're having a great day it's bob ross
bob ross wishes you to have a great day
and even if there are some little
mistakes make them happy little mistakes
today okay
that's from bob ross not me I don't
usually say that stuff Bob Ross does
Barbara says hello okay
hey Jeremy knows myself I think this
isn't working I'm there's one of two
things my body is fine they're like
you're an adult and your metabolism is
gonna catch up because I am gaining
weight my pants do not fit or I really
am pregnant I don't know I called my
doctor the nurse said wait until the end
of this week to test again or the
beginning of next week she said wait
until you're a little bit further and
then test so I really could not be it
could still just be like well this is a
flippin weird thing and either way
though like look at this though like
like I look how tight lift usually these
are tight but not so tight that it makes
like well like it looks like you gave up
your zipper it's really bad so I'm just
gonna do it what hair band effect right
there you go I am or not I wanted to
show you because some people been asking
if there's any update so not really not
date other than um my pants don't fit
and even like like just right here I am
small and I'm normally very petite so of
course it's is still very small but for
me it's not it's like all of us yeah I'm
feeling yeah so I don't know and and
like all of the sisters that we've
talked to have said that their pregnancy
tests don't show up until a lot later so
I think that's another possibility too
don't you think I mean I mean this is
Ellie either you're finally growing up
you're still cute no one ever knows what
you just told comfy now let's start our
day you guys know that I love to cook
you know that I love to film me cooking
you know that I love the healthy grocery
girl on YouTube I have learned so many
tips from her the last few months and I
try and have my basics like cheese eggs
butter milk like that kind of stuff
delivered once a week because it has
helped me out a lot not having to go out
as often to the grocery store and today
I am seriously so excited to cook this
guy today I'm cooking a meal from
hellofresh
it is the very teriyaki pork tenderloin
hellofresh
is a food delivery service and they give
you milk it's so all of your fresh
ingredients are in a little box
I really didn't have enjoyed the
packaging so far I have used other food
services before and I really like how
organized on total fashion
so I am using my absolute favorite pan
you guys have seen me over the years
these my red one my parents got me this
blue one for my birthday
I swear anything I cook in this pan it
just turns out so I swear this is a
large pan so it works really well each
week hellofresh has new Mills on their
website with step-by-step instructions
they have different types of options
that can work for you if you don't want
like dinners they have lights pre Mills
they have breakfast options so I'm gonna
get my cookie okay and this is a wrap
you guys look how yummy that looks it
smells great these take about 30 minutes
to cook on averages what their meals are
I think that hella fresh is perfect for
those of you that know that you're gonna
have a really busy month because I think
the prep work is the hardest and that's
why a lot of people tend to go out
that's why we tend to go out is when I
haven't done my prep work on Monday of
the meals that we're gonna make that
week
this is delivered free to your door and
everything has the proportions perfectly
for what you need for your meal and
there it is guys lunch is served if you
guys need to get some for yourself but
we have a coupon code for you for $30
off your first week order the coupon
code is le jarred 30 so we'll have all
that in the description take your first
bite dear it smells really good and not
like overwhelming the pork is very
tender and the vegetables are crunchy
okay so I've never blanched stuff before
and I blanched the asparagus got you
these Ferguson tell me how much crunch
is in there mm-hmm blanched it no yes
the landscapers came over yesterday and
started talking about when they're gonna
start doing the final grade and started
putting in irrigation and grass and so I
was out here doing poop Patrol kind of
rethinking everything that they were
talking about and I noticed up here and
I don't think
talked about this at all yet um I
thought up there right there is a
perfect spot for a little like covered
swing for me and le dissident and I'm
not sure if we've talked about that le
and I but I think that was a perfect
spot up there because you'll be able to
see like a huge majority of the yard
while still being out there with the
kids and playing so I think I know
that's something I might consider maybe
also phrase le le bad news come take a
look do you see that up there that's the
teeny-tiny hornet's nest
it is teeny I'm talking to you but this
is bad news le this is just the
beginning it's all starts with a tiny
and a little nest I know
and then we're trapped we've got bees
everywhere I guess it's a good thing and
about it's bad because I don't want a
bunch of Hornets all over my house but
it's good because it's a telltale sign
that warm spring summer is coming so
welcome to summer and where bees sting
you
all righty what we are doing we have a
measured where the camping trailer would
be how much room we have on each side
and we need to figure out stuff this is
gonna go on the back patio that we're
gonna move got to hang up the bikes exam
did you just fart yes he was looking at
himself in that mirror hey stand up cow
there she is guys isn't she beautiful
can't you see it now oh you can't see it
but what actually is there is the
measurements of the trailer so this is a
little bit wider as it goes back so we
can kind of overestimate how big it is
but that is the length and the width of
our trailer and it'll go up
isn't that cool Ellie just enough space
huh we can even have stuff behind it too
perfecto uh-oh Ellie what's going on
with your body all those tiny little
pieces of wood no we actually move the
grill into the backyard and that was a
lot heavier than we thought until we
realized oh we got to take out the
propane tank after that still heavy
excuse me young man you think you could
just run over my trailer like that
that's a very expensive trailer young
man I expect you to fix it put it back
in his place we have to take care of our
things okay guys see ya back it up
go on out of here put your hands on the
steering wheel and then you can go
safety first put your seatbelt on back
it up back it up back it up because my
daddy taught me good
you just hit my trailer again Jackson
come on
this is why we can't have nice things
Ellie you kids I am so proud of Jackson
Jared I'm so proud of him he is growing
up so much whenever we play outside I
say Kay what's the rule you know we
don't go in people's backyards or their
garages all the kids in the neighborhood
kind of play together there's a few of
them out there right now like running
around and he came in and he goes mom
can I go to my friends house they said
yes I said thank you so much for asking
I'm not just going and I will watch you
cuz I can see where he is but so cute I
thought that was so nice and is good and
he's growing up responsibility Hey
no more no more daddy oh my goodness
this is feel good to get all nice and
clean guys I think I got the garage all
situated
oh no ice cream oh now what are we gonna
do we only have one Bowl you should have
won the world are you thinking like
Ellie just get rid of it I'm sorry how's
your tummy feeling so careful he's out
like a light bulb
he's gonna I scream in his dreams now so
going through the comments today I
realized that a lot of you guys actually
have these trailers or similar trailers
whether it's a pop-up or a hybrid that
we've been looking at and it's been
awesome to read everyone's advice when
getting them whether they we should get
a toilet no you shouldn't get a toilet
oh you should different get a pop-up or
you should get a hybrid make sure you
have a TV make sure you have this make
sure you have that it's really really
cool to see all of that and one of the
things that I like is learn from other
people's experience before you have to
experience it yourself so thank you guys
for that I really do appreciate it and
the other thing that I am grateful to
have learned today is measure before you
do anything and I'll tell you what you
haven't bought anything yet
but we're really really anxious to to
get this trailer because we've got some
fun ideas and fun plans but I'm glad we
didn't do it like spur-of-the-moment
type thing because I thought my garage
door was a lot bigger than it actually
is
I went home and I measured everything
today the width the length to see how it
would fit in the garage you guys already
know most of that but what I didn't show
was that I measured the garage from the
top to the bottom the opening there and
it is exactly 118 inches tall this
garage I'll add give or take it's really
close the three bed trailer that we
looked at is a hundred and twenty three
inches the two bed trailer get this 115
inches if we would have bought something
spur-of-the-moment right then and there
what not even thinking about it it would
have not fit in our garage can you
believe that like oof bullet dodged
there but that's actually the one that
we're leaning on anyway the two bed and
that's because we don't want to get too
close to the max weight rating on on the
van the towing capacity we want a little
bit of wiggle room and even when the
when the trailers fully loaded it's
still quite a bit underneath the towing
capacity so we feel really good about
that there but oh my gosh bullet dodged
with that garage because when we
when we're in the garage the ceiling is
so tall that I didn't even think about
the garage doors I can't we've got
plenty of space I've got some great news
I think you may know this already though
well that's that's item 0.5 but item
number 1 like the flash is like we're
expecting that like that's that's coming
but the big news is psych is coming out
with like a TV movie this holiday season
so kid and I I saw the news and I was
just like oh my gosh and they're trying
to get ahold of Curt Smith know Curt
Smith is going on tour and I tweeted out
I was like I would love to be a stand-in
for Curt Smith I would love to be on
that show it was like a dream of mine I
would always just like say all the lines
and everything psych is like my favorite
show I do like it thumbs up if you like
psych but for now we're gonna watch the
flash cuz there's a new flash
I'm yeah I'm gonna rub your back guys I
believe we're at the beginning of a very
long night will you join me it is 11:30
at night and Calvin has been up four
times and every time he is so I was
thinking II but I love it every time I
walk in he's like mama mama and he sees
me and he says no no no he wants Ellie
so bad but Ellie's asleep and so I'll
sit next to him and then he'll be like
find out okay and then he'll pull me in
close just like the signature Calvin
move and I love it it makes it worth
getting that first rejection is getting
sucked into the kiss of comment I love
it anyway that's we're gonna end the
vlog tonight guys thank you so much for
watching if you enjoyed the video hit
that thumbs up button if you knew this
channel hit that subscribe button
because we make awesome videos like this
every single day and we will see you
guys tomorrow Barbara says goodnight Oh
Barbara off sorry your face was just a
happy little messed up
say goodnight Bob Ross I hope you've
enjoyed this one happy painting
god bless
