it stinks in here it's kind of dirty too
it smells like poop watching us that's
our kid oh my gosh can you just cope
well it's a good thing there's a toilet
right here oh wow bamboo handsome baby
did you are looking fly today
good morning Jackson how are you good do
you sleep well good I'm glad to hear it
you just struttin your stuff this
morning yeah if you can strut your stuff
you start your day right oh yeah stretch
it all out but a good job so this
morning we've been cleaning and taking
care of things getting the kids ready
and Calvin has been uncharacteristically
cranky and I'm not sure if he didn't
sleep well last night but you can tell
that he's definitely tired and I just
peeked into Calvin's room and I want to
show you this oh did he
oh he must be so tired look how tired he
is he is asleep in your arms at 9
o'clock
9:30 but he's so cute when he's not
angry I love him so much he fell asleep
in my arms last night putting him to bed
oh my gosh I love those moments it makes
everything worth it I think one of the
hardest things about being a toddler is
not being able to communicate what you
want and I think that's exactly what was
going on with Calvin is he couldn't
communicate exactly what he wanted don't
you think Jackson is that the hardest
thing about being a toddler yeah well
we'll learn yeah what time is it show
time show time
that's right let's go to gymnastics you
ready to go buddy whoa that was a good
move good job okay let's go get in the
van
oh we gotta get your little shoes he's
on first where do we always put your
shoes on and your cubby let's go get up
alright guys do you remember last summer
when all of my sisters and I kind of
went a little crazy and cut up all of
our winter pants into shorts
well shear is no different so I have a
really hard time finding shorts that I
like and when I do a lot of times they
are just way too big in the hips like
they don't fit like pants do and so when
we were going to playlist I was at
Target and I never buy my pants at
Target because it just seems like
they're just always to widen the hips
and I saw they has a huge section of its
new or not target as often as they want
to but it was like they're skinny
stretchy pants and they just had like a
whole bunch of them and I found the
white pair and these were really cute
pants and like they fit really really
nice and said I warm his pants for like
one or two times and I knew I bought
them so I could wear them ashore so um
yeah I cut them I just I put them on I
marked them with a marker where I wanted
to cut them and then I rolled him up so
there we go
I think they're really cute I'm very
happy with my decision
are you ignoring me Calvin
guys she's such a trickster open your
eyeballs yeah okay bye-bye
are you happy now guys we see him you
trickster he's closing his eyes hey you
look like you had a crazy sleep are you
happy now that was a little crazy you
saw I am tired and I'm going to split
and now you're happy are you hungry
how does he know to trick how does he
know to joke are you ready to get out
huh are you ready to get out
come here you want your blanket - did
you drink grab all your stuff
well dare you go all cuddles growing up
my dad always told me three slides is
the key to happiness and I'm not talking
about the slides you said on your bum
and you go down those are amazing and
those make you happy but he's talking
about the slides of RVs existed
we're not ready for that just yet but we
do want to look at something and we want
to have a little fun and we want to
bring you along for the ride
again this is not a pretty big deal it
Ellie and I found out that both of our
parents one of their favorite things to
do with window shop our keys curling
about chili and I would go and we would
love going because they would have like
fun says and Jackson has been going up
here now this is not what we are looking
for we are looking for something very
very small more like a pop-up tent
trailer for tea wash Shawn yeah these
are cool though but wow that's a bed
it's not cool yeah these are pretty
sweet
look this Jackson shirt you got your
fidget spinner and a candy is like a
spicy one the guy said that they only
had one here kind of what we were
looking for a really small one this is
so cool yes my parents used to always
take us and we would go look at these
and Julie and I would love to get on the
golf cart so Julie and I would go with
my mom and dad a lot since we called
unlike a cart a golf cart kind of Jerry
and I are looking for a small enough
trailer that the van will pull and
something that would be fun for like
weekend trips to go camping with Kenny
and the kids and they have one here that
is the weight capacity for the van but
we haven't seen side of it yet I wanted
is that's when you like is up now we're
thinking about a pop-up trailer because
those are so much lighter but you're
showing us these ones that are hard
shell that also have the pop out and for
sweeping this one is like on the higher
end of the waist so I haven't been
excited but I'm kind of excited that
cool
my grandma grandpa would have had one of
these and we loved playing in it oh yeah
this looks like even though this is like
new it this kind of smells efficient and
I comes in with these now and grandpa
smell built-in yes
so tell me the experience you had when
you're with your family and the yellow I
mean we would always just go to the RV
shows and we'd get into like the biggest
one that we could ever find and we sit
down and we would just close it's like a
movies data there's a TV huh Wow
you see there's one slide to slide three
slides and that's happiness that up
funny my parents would go and I think
they were really serious at one point
they really wanted one they never got
one that is a full on bathroom and
shower in here and jaren I've been
looking online at some I think the
reason why you like the hard
show was because I had more storage like
a heart stuff so you can have the fridge
you can have the microwave you can have
yeah the air-conditioner whereas the
possum there's so much lighter but you
don't get that stuff like the the shower
but I don't think I really wanted like a
toilet shower cuz then it was more just
like just asleep type of thing you know
more camping like yeah it stinks in here
it's kind of dirty - it smells like poop
- I think upsets our kids oh my gosh can
you just like open up against another
toilet right here what I'm serious is
that instinct because they're like looks
kind of dirty in there
well wells or them so to finish my
thought the reason why I was like I
don't want to toilets just like we
thought that is like it's more cleaning
more maintenance and much space I'd
rather have more space than that yeah
this is a little shorter I think than
the other program I could be wrong what
do you think oh do you like it oh you
wanna get off do you like this I think
these are just too big for us we need to
find a pack know who you find a
softshell these are too big you fall in
love with them because then you want to
even though you can't have it that these
are cold but we need to look at the
others you're such a good driver
hmm oh my gosh I could totally see why
our parents all loved looking at these
things does you think he keeps acute and
this is exactly how Julian I was like
yeah look at this let's get three of
them so Ellie I think this is the one
Arden your dream home mobile dream home
Allyson is crazy Sonia da I think that
TV's bigger than our best eh oh good
yeah jaundice
yes you sure can that's my son that's my
son
I mean like this bedroom is like bigger
than the bedroom at our cabin and you
guys have seen that we're stopping in
another place to look up at some of
their trailers hopefully a softer shell
rather than the hard shell those are a
little heavy
and I texted Julie mom and dad and I
said remember my mom and dad would take
us the RV campers it was so fun we're
looking at pop-up trailers right now and
they have so many cool ones and my mom
just wrote back and said lol we dropped
we drove by an RV like just a couple of
days ago and dad said you want to stop
this is so funny
Jerris just running into the store real
quick to try and figure something out
with our vlog camera our other blog
camera cuz I'm vlogging with you guys
right now one of my favorite memories
growing up was going camping my dad
would take all the kids and we and my
mom sometimes but specifically my dad
would take us girls on this trip and we
would go fishing all weekend and we
would go four-wheeling and we could go
into the store and it was like the one
time it was like you could pick out
anything you wanted and dad would buy it
because it was for camping you know and
it was just so fun and I said I wonder
like what memories are what things we
want to do with our kids and right now
we tend to travel a lot and that won't
always be the case I don't imagine we
will always be going like that
especially the kids are older and school
and you know priorities that we need to
be home for and I just think that
camping would be really fun and this is
just fun to do and I can totally see why
my parents would do that all the time
growing up going and looking at trailers
but I'm excited to keep going the kids
are loving it Vikram Madden we left I
was like we're going to another one so
oh my gosh who did dad Calvin I thought
we okay what's the subpoena does look at
that we got popcorn in your microwave so
we just got clean it up okay this one is
the weight limit and it's exactly what
we wanted it actually feels like you
have quite a bit of space to walk around
so the kids would sleep up here that's
pretty big and then Jared I would sit
over there oh it's cool Jer bear I like
that that's my baby you asked me to so
be honest do you think we're crazy for
even thinking about this kind of stuff
that actually should said do it
well she said without hesitation didn't
you say that actually what mom's over
your coming that y'all wanted I was
hoping you had something behind
oh that's so fun you know how I was
talking about our camping trip like that
was like the most fun things to do like
to go camping with dad when it was just
out to attend the kids dads document how
many times did you go because it was a
boy's trip that Jenna's once a girl so
we got to go and I was like I got a good
toy as I can see that's your memory like
yeah two times made a difference you
don't have to do this every year for 20
years to create memories it's like a
couple of times and you'll have lifetime
memories now do this and if you like it
continue doing it if you don't find
another hobby yeah well that's the thing
if you can always sell it if you'd if
it's not doesn't suit your fancy or
you're not getting out of it what you
want right yeah okay how many times as
we don't look at these things
oh every summer yeah yeah yeah it's one
of the triggers oh I wish wait up hold
yeah well if we do this oh we will
patient when there's a bed with Grandma
and Grandpa's name on it oh but we just
can't show up the same time I'm afraid
well I mean Grandma and Grandpa's if you
all four want to squeeze in there that's
fine
it doesn't know we don't have last names
on there sleep emoji okay yeah if we
come we'll bring a pup tent and pull the
kids out there there you go right so we
came home and I think we spent I don't
know 30 45 minutes trying to get these
kids into bed and Jackson was asleep
Calvin was in his room and we got some
special visitors come on the dad came
over and I'm not sure if it was mom and
dad's voice or what but suddenly we have
another visitor and another these kids
are awake and it is past its nine oh
nine two hours after your
we have to say for yourself young man
yeah I'm not sure that's a compliment or
not what do you say to dad I love him
gasps oh that's so nice of you to say
thank you buddy you're still going to
have to go to that other place we're
just talking about the little trailer
and getting all excited all over again
but with my parents this time what do
you guys think about it is a great idea
guys I keep pulling a Jared I can't
follow you sleep in my chair at my desk
I did it like twice last night even
though I was up late with my friend I
came back and I fell asleep like two
hours of my duster and I had the most
crank Nick in the world could not even
believe it but tonight I woke up from
being in my desk I let penny out and my
contact fell out miraculously I caught
it out of thin air in the dark with my
fingers and put it back in my eyeball
this one right here without a mirror I
know I'm a ninja anyway with that note
you're going to end the vlog thank you
so much for watching guys if you enjoyed
it give it a thumbs up if you're new to
this channel hit that subscribe button
and we'll see you here tomorrow bye
