you do you know what the best part of
boxes are opening them good morning guys
good morning sweet wife good morning
Jackson
Calvin is asleep so we have to be a
little bit quiet but guess what Jackson
we are going to do something fun and
exciting
who mr. Jackson cool art I asked Jackson
if he wanted to stay home from preschool
today so that we could just spend time
together pinkie wanna design eyelashes
hi did you like this part cake he wants
to run run it'll run Calci yes it is too
busy to talk a lot chef Jackson really
wanted to go to the park today after
preschool healthy she's just waitin up
this is a beautiful day guys you have
lots of hugs and kisses this morning so
let's get our play on come William sweet
pea
you have a big smile on your face
where are you sharing your candy with
others that's so nice
oh yeah the kids were so excited to see
us this morning so many hugs and kisses
all morning come on go down the slide
mr. Kay goodbye could you help me pick
all these out all these cute girl outfit
to it just for a friend
oh cool cute outfit would you guys like
to see a little girl the baby Hall I
went to really today my friend is having
her girl a little girl baby shower today
and so happy for her she's such a good
friend I just love her I got her quite a
bit more than I would normally get for a
baby shower
I didn't love it I love it all so I got
her and Osborne
that's not my duct book you guys all
know me and my crazy duck stories I
thought that this was really sweetened
it's like a touch field book so got that
for her I picked out a red bow which is
really really cute blue dress look how
cute that is
then I got her a little swaddle blanket
I thought that this was really sweet
wouldn't that be cute for pictures two
really big flowers that got her a
swaddle blanket and then this outfit
seemed very very nice and precious it is
so silky and really really stretchy the
brand is called kit kee pants that's
like the brand but these are a newborn
size and they seemed like they would fit
a baby for a long time because of how
stretchy it is it's just a top and a
bottom so that's what I got her she
really really likes it now when we got
back from the airport last night one of
the things that mom and dad told us was
that we got a package did we get a big
package did we get a big package where
is it at the big box right here
and we really have no idea what's inside
of this box hey boys should we open it
up is that what you think it is wow
that's very very specific should we open
it up
calleman shall we open it up look how
big this box is it's bigger than you are
that's right open up let's see if I can
even carry on I have no idea what yes I
got it
okay I can't see you boys so careful I
don't want to step on your toes that's a
great idea Jackson let's open up in the
living room you do you know what the
best part of boxes are opening them so I
miss peanuts now go be so careful these
are so messy okay
it's like lots of popcorn okay let's
look and see what's inside oh it's not
popcorn to eat Oh what is this I know
what it is that's mommy and daddy's ice
cream bowl that we made I bet you have
mommy's is in here - this is the one
mommy made what else you think is in
here ah Kim is oh yeah it's my birthday
present from Brian okay I have a great
idea this is going to get really messy
we've got to do something about it okay
okay boys here's what I need from you
okay I need Jackson I need you to hold
one side of this bag Calvin you hold the
other side of this bag so Calvin you
hold right here
and then j√°chym you put both hands
right here and right here okay there you
go perfect
okay now daddy's gonna yeah just stay
right there daddy's gonna put some of
those peanuts inside of there does that
sound fun like basketball okay ready
okay good job everybody hold your side
common
well that is not exactly how I expected
things to turn out but we got the box
out and look how many more payments are
so lucky those didn't fall out but I've
got some cleaning up to do so hold that
off I'll be right back
and just like that it was like there was
never any peanuts to begin with what's
up
where'd those ones come from ok I think
we're under control this is on Jared
remember that okay careful Jackson we
don't know if this thing is dangerous or
not let's take it outside after we pick
up those peanuts so Bryan and I when he
got this wrong we were talking about how
often the backyard would be for this car
so we're going to try it out and see how
it performs with all of this rocky
terrain I think you might be able to
climb some of the stuff let's see
you ready penny you ready I think
Penny's gonna chase it a lot ok you guys
ready you ready to see this what do you
think penny what do you think whoo
he's getting scared of it
oh and the first question today goes to
Jared Miko and penny what do you think
is this pretty cool
are you guys still even alive hold on
it's not better oh my gosh penny
destroyed this camera it is covered in
dirt oh I'm so glad this thing still
even works
penny you are despicable yes you are
you're despicable boys I have a genius
idea are you ready for this yes whoo
it'll take some time you'll get used to
it to the naked eye this may just look
like a slide but to me it looks like the
world's greatest jump for this should we
try it bud okay ready
here we go the world's worst jumpers
okay here's a ten number two we're going
to ease into it a little bit no you tell
her who's boss
penny ten number three a little on the
side maybe I'll get a little more grip
okay fourth and final attempt we're
going to try this thing backwards when I
was a kid I raced in the Pinewood Derby
and my first car that I ever made went
faster backwards and I did forward so
I'm hoping I can channel my younger
childhood luck will give us a go Jackson
can you give me a countdown ye one go
scope oh we made a little progress well
that didn't last very long I think we
broke two things today
first penny broke the camera and I let
Jackson take this first bin and I was
watching him and I had the controller in
my hand with him and this axle came off
now I think this is just a matter of
putting it back in there but still that
was a crash at probably 40 miles per
hour
and it's still working for the most part
just got to plug that back in but
another good news we have some very
special visitors today and it makes me
very excited because it's been a long
time coming and it feels good what is it
yes they are here to check out all the
topsoil that big mound up there to see
if it's dry underneath so they can
spread it and we can finally start
preparing to get grass it brings back a
lot of memories having all these guys
around our house that is crazy here he
goes
oh my gosh you can tell at the webinar
there huh still a little wet but I think
it's okay to work with but they know
more than I do what am I talking about
Jared you don't know a thing
Jackson what is that that's so cool
that's in our backyard how often is that
it's so good huh look I don't even know
how this box came back here but I just
going to clean up another mess
it's like he's packing peanuts just come
up from anywhere the only thing that's
worse than packing peanuts was probably
what probably glitter glitter is
everywhere it stays everywhere you can't
do anything about it packing peanuts
second worst second worst scum whole
entire world I just vacuumed and look
there's even more stuff on the floor we
got to take care of this okay and we got
to go do something fun we're going to
take care of this go do something fun
are you guys ready ready bathroom over
initiating bathroom Rochas mama is gone
you guys know that mom has gone to work
initiate basketball hit that jack will
switch to vacuum okay you go I'll figure
it out you got all cleaned up good okay
boys here I have announcement I have
announcement to make and I want you guys
to listen okay we're initiating bachelor
mode right now and you know what that
means it's pizza night know what you
don't want pizza what you need a
pepperoni pizza that's more like it
we're initiating bachelor melts we're
going to get a pizza okay thumbs up
sounds good let's go Calvin are you in a
position to initiate batsmen don't get a
pizza with this you got it thumbs up
let's go you ready here we go we're
gonna go get a pizza okay bachelor mode
here we go forget to move his arms I
love that my favorite welcome photos
music we're going to get good today hi
can I get a pepperoni pizza please yeah
anything else RIA
not yet
well so much for initiating bachelor
mode those kids had the pizza knock them
right up they are in bed and Ellie
actually should be home pretty soon so
all in all it's okay
you were happy to see me when I got home
huh we've been working on shaking give
me a hand shake
kicker so I had a what this is dirt
those are all over this will you will
know each other yeah you know I should
jump oh you're a good good penny if you
watch my new camera like I don't know
how long this generosity got new one I
had such a wonderful time with my
friends and I'm so glad that I made the
effort to go and see them I had to drive
a little ways they have done so much for
me like they were there in my really
hard times and in my really good times
and it was fun just hanging out with my
friends and celebrating my friends
little girl on the way home I was
thinking about the dinner and everybody
that was there my friend she's expecting
and not only that she has gestational
diabetes which is even harder with
having a baby
another friend there she just had
surgery not that long ago she's 20 and
she has endometriosis and then another
girl that was there she has been doing a
year of eyes and has not been able to
get pregnant and is doing in vitro soon
and then my friend there her husband he
has male factor infertility and they
cannot conceive it just was interesting
being there celebrating a baby and
everybody else that was there and how
nice it was just to get together and
hang out and be friends and talk and the
mom I just wanted to share that just
that you know everybody has a struggle
whether you look at them and don't
realize it or not and it's just so
important to just try your hardest not
to judge people because you never know
if someone's going to or my friend I
don't even think I ever thanked her in
my drawer she opened up my drawer right
here is the letter that she gave me in
Envy's are just little accused me so
thank you so much friend but I
time I offer my Jordans hook I see that
in there and I think about her so my
butt hurts from driving suppose you were
gone for seven hours
yeah I'm long time driving it is I'm
gonna go to bed and I am you have a
party go check out Jared's Instagram I'm
sure he'll Instagram storylines or it is
we're going to celebrate something very
special tonight like bring out our so
I'm going to go to bed these came from
Brian and I see that we painted at their
place and look how good those look Suzie
M you didn't yay
so we ran the block thank you guys so
much for watching the video if you
enjoyed it give it a thumbs up thumbs up
for this good old camera that it
survived so much we'll see you guys
tomorrow but
