in the market
well good morning my sweet husband good
morning my sweet wife huh we are doing
something really fun this morning so
before our day starts I became a couples
massage I thought we are here together
what's good of us all that's closer than
massage together so this is our last day
here in the hotel and I'm so glad you
picked this day because my back is
killing me right I'm now standing
walking well and if we would have done
it yesterday I probably wouldn't have
been is worth it oh great
thanking wise wasn't this the cutest
thing I first walk in and there's
children books no excuses how cute this
is one of the prettiest spa places I
have been to I love the color of all
their light gray wood I mean this is
just the back my guys speak Jeff
ravishing and this hair is the
relaxation room I told the guys so this
is like one of the nicest places I've
been to I love it I'm definitely
realizing the relaxation room I have a
feeling this could easily be the best
object ever has a way things are going
the people are so nice that are doing it
for us we have we're going to do this
like aroma of aroma oil and then we're
going to have hot stones they're going
to be running right back with hot stones
that's a gold stone and then Jared's not
doing this while I'm doing this at the
sugar scrub after so you like exploit
and feel really good it's ready for you
you guys can't stay for the party
well well well well guys look they even
say spa that's how you know the birds
are singing Utah massages are really
nice Hawaii massage was really probably
not the best I've ever had
we went to Kansas City that was like the
best food cars I've ever had
Disney a massage was just like relaxing
I thought mine was great I liked it but
it was like nothing like crazy
this was pampering like holy cow it was
very interesting that was a pamper the
best massage I have ever had that's a
bold statement and you're making gold
and I like it a lot well hotel early at
the world center Marriott in Orlando
Florida
yeah their massage place the best I go
back to Cigna just kidding I get ready
to go we are all on and ready to rock
and roll so I guess the other night
don't call the car and crashed and
please how the governor s done through a
potted plant without me
I don't do that but we're on a golf cart
yeah we're on our way to our piano guys
a beautiful basement that's right this
is exactly what not this right this is
okay but this is exactly what we wanted
Ellie we had our last day this morning
and we having a breakfast and we look
through often
are these Costco muffins they do she has
like a million of these probably twice
as much as what's here in her closet her
pantry so we are going things that we
wrote
before leaving Florida there's one thing
we have to do and we will do it we will
do it right now
what do you want I think it might be the
lies we're going to hold a baby
alligator
that's a baby alligator and we are going
to hold it we are going to hold it out
of focus Ellie has assistance migrant
Gatorland excellent let me bar not so
again I'm enameling outdoors I do a
thumbs up recommend to playlist without
Rihanna ham yes here we go what do I
wish my kids are here is it off you're
good to go so what kind of Gator is
actually an American alligator
his name is Willy fight he's going to
eventually did about 12 to 12 he might
well he welded 15 feet it's a question I
really really that is the question it's
a name I requested oh my god you put
about a thousand pounds
are you kidding I am NOT getting you
this enemy yeah well stop fighters that
head at me at scaring me are you that is
so cool thank you Sasha let us hold it
what's your channel
Oh Brian varcek is my small channel and
snakebites TV is my main channel where I
do just make and bring the roughhouse
but I've walked every day on my block
down
that's a minimal thank you your turn
yeah to a thousand pounds get them on
the face
oh my gosh I'm petting an alligator
that's amazing it feels so cool I know
rule kind of like get on it how far does
help defense yes Wow alligators are
actually a tax credit or so nothing to
try to do the now again as a baby I
discover yet but it's still get attacked
in with the other thing is they played
each other in s hard armor does it have
to get other things
oh no these are they're like oh my gosh
gosh straight on until any big snake
I've ever held they said they won't mind
using it looking fit all so we are about
20 a stage Carl
well I'm just sorry we don't like a
fight down there at the prettiest mark I
feel like people watch it this case and
I believe like kind of thing that out
loud
it's kind of like we're putting out the
pod in my opinion that's one of the
things people look forward is positivity
happening that's kind of what Ellie and
I may our platform about happy family
because not everyone has a happy family
there is definitely a line where we say
like we're not blogging on this because
this is something that Ellie and I are
gonna share together by ourselves if our
family so there's I think there's always
that line but the things we do share are
very personal things too I mean we have
two videos of our first videos of our
kids you know that's very intimate I
guess you would say in terms of sharing
those types of things but it's also
something that we want to have forever
and helps a lot of people throughout
that whole process is that we wanted to
show that
transporation feeling of a different
character your body travel or you feel
like pretty much you I hope not pretty
much made I think I'm quite positive
anyway like that's one of my eyes I see
self wait for start youtubers the way
I'm choosing to be positive about
situation I don't know I always remind
myself to be grateful for stuff and I
think that's just kind of how I try and
kind of keep positive we'll just when
were you see what Maurice introduced you
can see
I suggest that we try different videos a
lot about during night and then to kids
we don't really want our channels to be
all about our kids it seems like you
from a lot of our kids because we're
inside doing things that they spend
hours outside return to the neighborhood
they go to church they hang out all our
friends when we first started out we
felt I don't know forty minutes a day
and we cut it down to like 10 or 20
minutes and now we just because of we've
learned how to vlog our footage is
condensed down quite a bit so we may get
20 minutes of footage a day which is not
a lot having than that time in that
space I think it's a lot less than
people think and it's a lot less camera
time than people think well we have had
to meet ups and lunch and it's time to
head home to our babies in this job I do
too
this was such a fun time after all
there's no more fight till we get home I
can't wait to get the kick I smell that
occur to me that they're going to be
asleep when we get home part of it go
out to play wake up we're going to we
come up with our Cobra
you
no way no way no way I copy
what that phone right there it's got to
be that one right there that's Lonnie
and Joel are on that plane right now one
eh by onion-like a couple minutes bonny
and Joel and Beau and Emily are going on
a flight right now and we literally miss
them by like I don't know 20 minutes or
so oh so it has been so awesome to see
him in the airport folder back in you
delight oh my gosh it feels so good to
be in Utah when Ellie and I were getting
onto the golf cart before we cut that
clip I wanted to talk about like
playlist live just how much fun it was
it was we had such a blast
Ellie and I were on the main stage this
year for a panel about clogs and while
we were up there I have this like
flashback to sitting at home on my
computer watching playlist live the main
stage in a matter of a couple of years
we were sitting on the main stage
talking and it just goes to show like so
many things can happen in a short amount
of time in the grand scheme of things a
short amount of time one of the things
that they talked about that we talked
about don't give up on your dreams don't
give up on the things that you want to
do work hard and that's cool if I have
the alien I need to take on things that
we want to do if you would have told me
watching playlist live that I would be
up on the stage with Charles Trippy who
I watched in college like and fun for
movies who I want years ago like wow
like that I would I would not believe
for a minute but there we were it was
just a very bad area yeah it was we were
honored to be up there was a lot of fun
we had such a blast meeting all of you
guys and that's like always my favorite
part is seeing and meeting so many
people
look at that beautiful sunset and where
you can see the kids are bad and can
make to go home
Oh in the market
well that is a wrap on another wonderful
playlist live another great convention
Ellie and I got home and we were talking
about just how great things were
especially like during the Meetup one of
our favorite things that we noticed was
when parents came up to us of viewers
and they said thanks for putting out
content that I can let my kid watch and
I don't have to be in the room with them
or like I know that it's going to be
okay for my kids to watch
and thank you parents for knowing what
your kids are watching I think that's
one of the coolest things is having that
conversation with parents and I just
really appreciate all of the the people
and the Meetup it was very respectful it
was just great everyone was so awesome
and we're grateful for that
thumbs up for you guys for being so
amazing and and we are going to call it
a night there we're back in Utah
back home with our kids and we will see
you guys tomorrow thank you so much for
watching good night bye
