good morning how are you okay so so good
you feel refreshed yeah good we've got
some delicious breakfast here in a tiny
tiny choco milk all things considered I
got three hours four hours of sleep last
night and I feel pretty good good yeah
the humidity is doing wonders for my
energy and my skin you ready for the day
the first day of playlist life may be a
lot of fun I've got some lots of energy
mm-hmm the first pregnancy test that we
took was negative but we still feel like
it was pretty early taking that test and
so Ellie and I brought some tests with
us to Florida to playlist live and I
only took one this morning and with
daddy we haven't looked but we're going
to look at it right now what do you feel
when I get our feelings out I knew I
haven't put it behind me yet I honestly
feel like there's still a good chance
because it was right at the time or it's
like well this is like the beginning of
the time that you can really know so I
still feel like there's a good chance
because you still have been experiencing
some of the symptoms I feel that it's
probably negative just because I already
saw the negative and it was like oh and
it sunk in and so I'm like well then I'm
not even though I felt like I was so I
am just anxious to see what it is I feel
like if it's negative at this point it's
really like me or not pregnant so we'll
see yeah and that's okay we'll just
ready for just sat no no not pregnant
okay okay that's okay
no not mine I think it took a minute to
sink in the other day I took that day
was like oh wow yeah yeah and
this is like we said this is just a bump
in the beginning of the journey we have
a lot of time the biggest thing is I was
like I feel all this and there we've
spent a lot of people that have thought
maybe you know you just got your IUD out
maybe your body's fluctuating I you
didn't have any hormones in it so I
don't know maybe it's your body still
does fluctuate I think there could be a
definite reaction to it like I feel like
if we took a pin out for my hip I saw a
pin in my hip I think my body would
still react to that at least a little
bit so I think there might be something
secure it's just weird
there's been so much and then sometimes
people say if it's in your head like if
you think it yeah it would happen
I think the placebo effect is very very
real but I don't think for your business
to grow a sudden just cup and a half I
don't times I don't think I don't know
guys I'm going to think every day that
my picture huge of they're gonna be huge
I would've done that one I do that with
my muscles then I think my muscle I
might have done that a long time ago um
you know I don't know I'm glad that we
are just going to document this so for a
lesson and I know it was very stressful
good and bad to share it with others but
the amount of love and feedback was so
overwhelming I've had so many people
from high school message me I've had a
lot of you guys personally message me
and it made me very happy with the
decision because this has always been
the reason why we started filming guys
because of the trial of trying to have a
baby and I'm very happy optimistic we
have two beautiful boys but we would
like to grow a family know it'll happen
yeah someday and we'll just keep
practicing what do you guys see the lip
color I'm wearing today it is from our
little goodie bag that we got yesterday
and I think it's really cute guys today
is the first day of playlist live
weekend if you do not know what playlist
live is I will tell you right now it is
a huge convention for creators and
viewers and people that want to become
creators there is so much to do today
for Jared night it is more educational
there are panels today specifically we
are going to go to a panel talking about
what do you do when your videos are
Damona
Tai's there is another panel talking
about other revenue streams that we are
going to be going to there are so many
panels and educational panels that you
can go to Jared and I are going to be in
a panel on Sunday it is a time for
everybody to meet up creators viewers
people that want to be creators we all
have lines that we can talk to take
pictures with hang out educate you guys
if you have any questions so this is a
really fun weekend it's a very emotional
weekend the reason why it's emotional
because you're meeting so many people
everyone's excited it's emotional could
you hear a lot of people's stories so
I'm really looking forward to this
weekend but today let's go to a few
panels did it get a girl get it get a
girl yes I want to buy you lunch we use
on a lunch with me we have I do today do
you have fun of the panel that was fun
educational information and we actually
met a lot of cool people there and so we
always enjoy meeting new people new
faces and
so that were you came before so it's not
true we eat though because you're kind
of hungry and I'm kind of hungry and get
food on our bellies Holly got it we have
to charge them one right here and you
have yours right here I'll give you a
three-second learn we're gonna see if we
can I am ready
I saw one
co-op this cleansing me way too long
I've never successfully done that any
mark club that was really good jared is
enough good job cell acquired forever
mean hey we're about to walk into
another panel which my buddy Zach is
talking about and I'm excited because
it's like we met back like a year or so
ago and now we're like doing things up
Legolas you know one time are you going
to show them yeah she's going to show
you this so you'll know that he lives in
Utah and he has a fixed phone gadget
channel and he Kelly watches it every
day because not many people I been
watching him every day and so he gave us
this and its own repair where his phone
repair tool or is a cuticle pusher I
think it's a cuticle pusher so this is
forever going to be in my purse if I
need my cuticle flush
I find you to fix eyes and now you can
things AK forgive them out to you right
yeah so guys on his panel starting yeah
funny who you run into a playlist life
how's it going here it is nothing you
guys ready listen okay
and now for something adorable
come here are Kalani's my Baba Grammy
your you come cut the chicken first
so we are done that with our panels for
today and I kept seeing a lot of our
friends walking around like toys so they
can't says like oh where did you get
those and there are tons of rooms that
you can lounge around that have like
some drinks and the next you can have
but this room is like a game room and
she is teaching us all about this text
bug and there's these toys that we could
take for the kids to try out and this is
for like infants it just like vibrates
just a little bit and it's like to help
kids soon I guess and it so cute so
Calvin you want a little bug I'm going
to give you above and then there's even
a car Jackson so Jackson I'm going to
bring you you probably want the red car
you want the red car Cole Harmon - bingo
why didn't we have toys like this when I
was a kid all right
maybe this amazing airplane today's been
the day but sit and watch airplanes of
the sky has met and I think of jamya
which means Kaka
what an animal is that I'm not sure what
a man affairs school and this is the
truth of it's a replica of an elephant -
and this is an elephant
thank you guys and have it nom when
Jerry guy is hip surgery pussies a team
Steffi Martha since the ball avenged in
my Oh finished golfing first well this
is actually any left one
so when Jerry had his hip surgery day
broke his femur rotated and shape the
ball of the femur
yeah he has a pin in it yep and all the
way down keep it all here I end up more
but now I only have one
okay we got a hurry we got to hurry up
careful watch your step yes oh we made
it we made it I is like a really big do
you call this a carousel ferris wheel
yeah I thought that it would be more
like what I've used to been in like like
CDs know you're available in two
different Le Vian alley
well apparently le found her paradise
look at all of this candy
I think it's literally called the sugar
factory Lisa needs in her purse le we
can't spoil your dinner okay and even if
mom doesn't use it all before you so we
just got done with the dinner and mom
sent me a little clip of the boys
sitting on chairs and she said I
remember my parental techniques kids are
babes ready for bed the house was picked
up I'm fixing some dinner and my
babysitter's are here Jarrod's parents
thank you guys so much we have such
wonderful parents are picking up the
kids from my mom and dad they're kind of
switching off and taking turns of
grandma grandpa and my mom used to do
that all the time with us kid she's
press on barstools
I just feel like I got Sundays before
church just like silver bar so just sit
still I like what's up to table oh I
don't get any soft on your nice corners
I don't you take a run off like stay
there while I'm doing this and I just
need a sec shoot that she has the kids
on the bar so and they're just so
stinking cute mothers in there Calvin
has a little puppy dog yeah a bus
suddenly just a little bit
this is the last time still throw it
down and I will give it to you again
guys the era is not only a really fun
when you are but you are doing your help
with security which security is very
very tight at the hotel isn't it yes
along everything she's here till 3:00
a.m. guys when we brought it back to the
hospital and they're all so much you're
very welcome
three a.m. second bags and making sure
no bad guys get from one floor to
another and and I'm Jerry and he is a
bodyguard to for everybody so what in
the Hello Kitty is going on in here oh
yeah what we have here it was still and
ours you kid they own in the pain that's
good didn't I yes you're bound by mm-hmm
so I went to the party I wasn't it was
weird it was an additional yeah I mean
if you didn't you guys didn't go for the
party fellas there oh okay sounds like a
party scene going on a lot like there
was like a room that had treats and
people are talking and stuff and all
night and then they left a party party
and I like I was down there with you
know it's like I'm just going to go up
and rest and yeah I didn't go run bother
coming we got there like right when the
party started
there was no one there I literally have
a picture of me would there's no one on
the floor like there's literally it's
just a picture of my face and then the
DJ this is more of a party than when I
was there anyway like I said anyway it's
one o'clock this is this is my kind of
party
yeah you know our room yeah yeah can
join rejoinder
we're neighbors how cool is that I love
that very much when we wake up we'll
just have breakfast
together just we'll open the door and be
like hey neighbor do you have any
ketchup you know that's a great book on
I don't know something like that okay I
like a quiet
mission accomplished absolutely there's
times in my life where I get stressed
out and I'm just like ah what can I do
to get myself on stressed I turn on the
TV and the only thing that makes it
better I mean I put no matter what is oh
look at that
do you have a mushroom no oh my god
that's amazing
are you kidding me I love that for the
other day about how happy Bob Ross makes
Union yeah any accident into the
pleasurable thing did you see that when
I was talking about that oh my gosh I
spent like 20 minutes while a broad
painting belated birthday thank you
makes me feel good I'm a happy day
should we wear that tomorrow for a
meet-up that's awesome thanks dude
what a surprise oh I did not throw it
away I did not
we were cleaning access I said I can't I
can't when you need two new shirts
I can honestly relate I mean in my head
I was like Jarrod's been looking snazzy
on his blog lately this is not going to
fly think I haven't seen that catcher
refresh yeah yeah thank you don't you
touch it
what a fun surprise at 2:00 in the
morning well guys I think that is going
to be it from us tonight this is just
like the first real day of playlist
we've still got the whole weekend left
we've got to meet up tomorrow cannot
wait to see you guys by the time this
video is up we're actually going to be
like halfway down with tomato
have a wonderful weekend thanks for
hanging out with us and we will see you
tomorrow bye goodbye guys
see you tomorrow neighbors
