we do County
early in the morning when it's still
dark outside the kids wake up early
before they're supposed to any Coco
rooms trim of mommy's just for you
my grandma bought for grandpa Travis I
wouldn't know I'm getting it I'm getting
cereal guy is he really
I love hi Andrea that's like my favorite
I I read communist okay well kale mmm
I don't think you got it early I just
think you have to rinse please yeah hey
did you have a good night good
Calvin slurp and machine did you have a
good night see what he's like he's like
no more questions don't give me food I'm
hungry
it's a morning time it's been at least
ten hours since I've eaten none get some
food in my belly
good morning guys we have been upright
and early we have a full seven hours
until we get to Florida in this traffic
that jared is driving in I'm really glad
that you are driving it up me and you
guys I know that the last book that we
listened to was positive puppy training
and we have used that love the knowledge
that we got from that book to start to
help to train penny which has been
working pretty smoothly I see and
something that I told you guys I really
wanted to listen to is be positive
recurrent
positive parenting not positive parent
training positive parenting same thing
anyway so this is what we are listening
to right now through audible you guys
know that we thoroughly enjoy audible
and we like to listen to books
especially in the car especially with
our schedule we tend to be in the car a
lot so this is what we are going to be
listening to audible has a huge variety
of books that you guys can listen to so
if you guys have a book that you want to
listen to I'm pretty sure audible might
just have that for you
they're giving you guys a free 30-day
trial if you would like to you will have
a link in the description or you guys
can use audible.com slash millionaires
how come you're so cute to me what do
you mean I think I just laughed out loud
and everyone looked at me chairs like
I'm gonna go get a drink and you came
back holding this bag and he's like oh I
got you playing oh you get a cold over
by ice - I'm always cold whenever we go
to California or Florida
well because it's hot outside but inside
is always always cold guys and I'm like
Ellie make sure you pack a sweater it
you're like I'll be okay I've got this
this little different and I was calling
her Brian in the slightest
I need a sweater because they like the
room temperature brazing so thank you
those cute
that's not to be a puppy okay go get it
sketch good boy good boy good boy good
boy
and just like that we are here hello and
welcome to sunny Florida we're in a
cloudy right now where it is 5:30 97
degrees outside
oh look we can also tweet whoa and we're
talking yes that sounds adorable to go
down there go swimming honor
it does we are going to get dressed we
are going to go eat we are hungry and
you're going to go play by the pool
means yeah not huh so le which bed do
you want all right no okay I'll take
this one then I'll claim it as my own le
we can jump from bed to bed we can do
that we've always wanted to and now we
have the opportunity to do so we don't
need no stinking king-sized bed we've
got two queens with our names on it you
take that one over there I'll take this
one over here
you
well
done jobs and evergreen barriers to open
up in the trees everywhere I go I hear a
melody the best things in life are free
handouts and also people over my head
improved each I got love love so sweet
the best things in life are free
Karen I are checking and this is the
registration room where creators give a
check in for their badges so they have
to do all those buggers yes the creators
of excavators oh my gosh so many this is
what the room looks like you walk in and
you go in and check in there like
waiting for me to finish uh-huh yeah so
we can grab a shirt which is playlists
yes yes different sizes what sweet looks
what's this the Asoka cool they did this
last time it was amazing tart oh why
does this remind me of Aspen so much
does she let's start so are these
lipsticks Oh sunglasses so I can choose
a Tarte sunglasses and then what our
Jersey Jane yeah pick a game I think
that what would be fun like the
gymnastics game yeah Jackson should we
get you the gymnastic game and bring
home or the egg well we could eat shoes
on me she could a goody bags that would
be fun we haven't tried that mostly to
gymnastics okay gymnastics one and then
maybe the that one would be fun pink
yeah look how yummy our dinner looks at
beef the poolside expensive food that
the birds took off with today that was
good but the bird part of it was yeah a
huge thanks to Brian's uncle thank you
you cook these up for us I can't wait to
eat it
we're here at Brian and Missy's place
and it is beautiful I absolutely love
the chandeliers in here how's the burger
burger burger good okay thank you
Ellie I have a confession to make when
we were outside and you're the hot tub
when everyone was there I was talking
about you yeah what were you saying I
was trying to play a prank on you like
what pusher in nope I found an alligator
and I wanted to scare you
mm-hmm but you came inside you
so maybe after 1:00 in the morning and
we may have been playing fun games all
night but we have yet to play Mario Kart
on the giant screen are you ready to go
close this is so cool this is amazing
I'm ready gonna beat me um no I don't
think ever no yeah I don't know it I
know
these little feet of ours have done a
lot today haven't been a lot yes we did
and it's just day one isn't that crazy
well we made it back to our hotel and it
is late at night and I have some work to
do this little sweet girl is zonked out
in bed already
she is so stinking cute and I am just
working on the video and now it is
officially plateless live weekend now it
is officially playlist live weekend and
we are so excited we can't wait if you
see us say hi we can't wait to see your
faces and talk and meet all these
wonderful people and do these amazing
things it's going to be great Jackson oh
you're awake good night Jackson yes good
night Calvin good night boys we miss you
bye penny we'll see you guys soon love
you and we will see you guys tomorrow
thanks for watching
