so I makes me happy I'm proud of you
we're going to get some puzzles and have
fun which I'm so surprised because he
just never said anything about what
Thanks
yeah good morning guys I had a question
for Calvin Chow who dis me yeah who is
it a Internet mama so Calvin thinks this
is mama
this is Julie Julie my sister and she
got some new makeup the shoes where I
was like send a picture and she looks
absolutely stunning and she sent a
picture and I was looking at it and
Calvin both a mother and my man so he
thinks this is moment this has happened
several times but I think it's funny
what okay show me so we have been de
filming for about four years and I don't
think Jackson maybe wants to try to deny
what film is hardly ever and maybe like
twice and I want to show them what is
that can you show them your trick with
him boy whoa Jackson oh so cool I'm so
glad you wanted to show our friends want
to say anything to our friends what do
you want to say to them make kezzeme a
cap tomato Wow cackles a oh sorry
taco meter and this is like
it just gave the kids sandwiches and
what's the first thing they do you given
your dog some food is that what's going
on hi penny pin you're such a good girl
yes you are
you missed me yeah I missed you yeah we
just had a parent-teacher conference
with Jackson seizure say and it went
really really well it was a lot of fun
and we grab some lunch and now we're
outside because it's a beautiful day and
we're having some flash out here me
first hey who's that good-looking girl
good throw good girl penny I don't know
who's getting more water penny or Calvin
that's exactly what I would do I would
like get my dogs water dish and like go
to town alright so we just got back from
parent-teacher conference Jackson is one
of the younger kids in his class usually
preschool ranch air they want you to be
four and Justin started when he just
turned three or a little bit after yeah
but he's been doing really good the
teacher told me that he is just so fun
to have in classmates full of life and
just like exactly who he is he's brave
he's not intimidated by anyone or
anything and he just has fun and he
plays and he works hard don't you yeah
good and she said that usually when
there's a new younger kid in class
she'll tell the older kids to kind of
like help them with their
responsibilities and might be like make
sure you know he's doing this and
Jackson just went along with it fit
right in and had fun with the bigger
kids and played around along nice item
she said you bring the class a lot of
joy totally you know that you bring the
class a lot of joy and laughter what she
said really and enjoy it can't forget
those toys but one of the things that I
was most impressed with was the sound
that he's learning to help him start
reading there's a bunch of these symbols
here that teach himself and I want you
to tell me what sounds there okay okay
what's that sound what about that one
what about that one
oh good what about that one Wow Wow yeah
I can how we what about this one
right how we like this pinkie Ali yeah
that's all right like your pinkie are
you what about this sound right here and
then this one oh and what about this and
yeah that was not much with the center
yeah why's that song oh yeah that's
right yeah it makes me human
you're in so and you know al she says
she said with one of Jackson's favorite
toys in class favorite things to do was
okay I had no idea yeah because he never
talks about this wall would car yeah
they're in the roller cars no the one
facts do we need to get more puzzles
around here
do you like puzzles yeah what's your
favorite puzzle
I try and pass out airplane puzzles so
we'll get some more puzzles and you can
play with those puzzles she said puzzles
are great because it's like it's using
your mind and your hands to make
something so I'm about to makes me happy
I'm proud of you we're going to get some
puzzles and we have fun which I'm so
surprised because he just never said
anything about what Thanks
yeah
do you remember how yesterday and the
vlog I said you know how to every road
trip we always forget something we have
to turn around go back
well we forgot something we're going to
Florida if we forget swimming suit Wow
yeah that's right so when we drove down
partway and we're not turning around
back and we're getting swimsuits we have
to pick up some swimsuit and you can't
go to Florida but also mix it and
ding-ding-ding-ding we have some winners
who did not even plan them to look that
good together
there's no losers respect I always do
else our clothes so don't do on purpose
this is the colors you like so there we
go
so the kids are going to spend a little
time with Grandma and Grandpa
yes their feet stink and Jackson and
Calvin are go spend some time with
Grandma Jessa and then have a sleepover
with grandma grandpa meet them too so
you guys really get grandparents I'm in
tons this weekend huh
are you excited you are what are you
going to do here are you play outside
with the wonderful grass and your cars
yeah I know you'd be good to Calvin what
and there you do a list in the grandma
grandpa what if grandpa says okay
Jackson it's time for bed what do you do
okay with how I'm show me how you sleep
oh no you should be perfect going to bed
for you really fun day
we have our trip yes they seem to raise
my kids names
Oh Justin is stuck oh yeah can't you
ready for your bath 1 2 3
pressing did you have a good bad boys
good Kate let's go let's go let's go oh
they're so cute hey mom
good job on the whole bath situation
that was amazing you're on fire all day
yeah the tub was like around and dirty
and gross and now the kids are clean
okay hey I'm so happy you coming back I
know
so you're gonna have a few nights with
grandma grandpa ok ok and you be so good
that you can't you love you I'm gonna be
a good listener
ok so face a Jackson don't do that ok ok
mmm
I miss you what was that door 3
no two stars okay Calvin go on and you
can see boy you dig in the Sonoran hot
what is the dog you say Calvin happy
yeah penny down what our house yes we
sure do
let me cover watching her right now yeah
play switcheroos mm okay Calvin can you
say bye-bye to our friends I'm dropping
of bye you're a blogger yeah okay one
more just for gifts in the future funny
now doesn't this look like the best
ending to our night I am so excited to
get this in my belly thank you mom for
watching my kids in few days on the dad
take care of my boobies I'll take care
of your babies really quick something
that just came to mind I would come home
from work late at night and I'd be so
cranky
I do early morning school go to hair
school then go to work and come home
really cranky it would be like 10:30
11:00 and what would you make me
anything I wanted because you know my
legs I did not even exist she'd make
scrambled eggs like almost up at night
so that was cute I remember that no
sugar you a vision so we have been
sitting here for probably two hours like
we put the kids down and they fell
asleep around 8 o'clock 1 jhooth a and
we've been just sitting here talking for
the past two hours and ever since I met
Ellie and her family we have sat here in
this living room and that's been one of
my favorite things to do with you guys
just sit and talk in here yeah and it's
just fun you know yeah and I think every
time we have friends come over like we
do the same thing activity talk is
working pretty easily anything yeah so
that's what we've been doing the last
little bit we're gearing up for playlist
live which is starting tomorrow when
you're watching this if you guys see us
at playlist live be sure to say hello
that's a big part of the reason why
we're there so we can see you guys it's
going to be a lot of fun it's going to
be a great weekend can't wait to see our
friends and see all of you so if you
enjoyed the video give it a thumbs up we
are going to go to bed we'll see you
guys tomorrow
in Florida
up by meal and the kids good luck you're
gonna do awesome because our kids are so
wealthy okay bye guys hi
