who have you not seen in a while
well good morning happy Friday and to
you every five and Ellie you want to
know something
my Bamm looks good on you see here she's
got pickup body from the airport guys
and Joel in the camp of course my honey
I don't know if it's just me but are you
guys crazy no orange creamsicles or like
some cotton candy that looks so
beautiful I'm excited
Oh the prodigal family has returned your
return we look at you guys okay I'm
annoyed what and that's all you needed
right there my cat yes Joel looks really
bad though the first thing they said to
me when I came up is like you're so thin
I'm like oh my god like oh my god that
Ellie's I always like I know are you
kidding me sweets every night when we go
to bed we watched shows hi guys welcome
home everyone a bit other hand other
hand yeah okay well let's get your phone
so you can take some naps or something
okay hi my name is Jared Meachem and
welcome to positively training your
coffee penny attending how are you doing
today I want to show you guys something
that we've been working on and I think
it's pretty cool I didn't think it shows
Penny's progress she's doing pretty well
with puppy training ready penny you
ready you want to film our training
we've been working on place training
where there's a specific place or math
or anywhere that we want penny to sit
and like stay down that's what we've
been trying to get her to do and we're
starting with this big man that she has
and she sees that I've been walking
towards it so she's trying to be a good
girl wants to get a treat for her but
this is place number one and we're going
to work on extending those places as she
gets a little bit better at it but the
goal here is to have her sit and or stay
laying down while we're doing something
like in the kitchen while we're eating
so she's not like jumping up on the
tables while we're doing stuff and we
want to do so let's see how well she
does it while I walk away
oh good girls any whoo
what are you concocting right now what
are you concocting your f---ing talking
some sort of madness called lunch oh did
you get yourself you just needed it you
just need to wake up a little bit that's
all
we've been up since 5:00 I know Esther
Walton she's good
I hope you don't mind but I totally use
your portions as training things for
penny for distraction and she has she is
awesome
Lisa I think so but the thing is is she
really goes on expenses yeah the
distractions are the hardest part about
training but she's getting there yeah so
we've got some veggies we've got some
chicken that we're going to be cooking
here it's like a little breaded chicken
and that's what we're gonna have for
lunch are you too good for chicken and
vegetables you are thank you bullet yes
and so you are getting pancakes huh I
missed you at school did you have fun
yeah you did penny off off hunger trip
and sick she sure is getting there
put your trade pick your trick oh you
want to jump on it like blow after blow
okay let me see your trick whoo-hoo
so penny I would say is been doing so
well we've been trying the positive
reinforcement training with her the
hardest thing for her is jumping up on
the table and the counter it's not
something off that we are trying really
work on we've been trying we're getting
their head penny you're just too a puppy
even though you look big huh yeah why
like you are I think she's like she acts
like let's see
woohoo it's true
tiny is a better listener to Jackson
than she does for me yesterday a penny
had Jackson's ball and I was like you're
not getting that back like if I go to
get it back she just like not give it to
me well you just gonna you just gotta
put some Hollinger boy no more Jackson
walked over to her she like gave it back
to him
Oh Jackson you did that on purpose
are your knees okay oh my gosh my knees
are killing me
oh and Korean today
your knees are crooked well yeah they
are now after you did that I was filming
it just in case you tripped over that
again but you didn't trip over it you
did something crazier you're crazy
wait Calvin we look at me first real
quick oh you gotta unzip this why is it
that kids in overalls are the stinking
cutest things ever
oh you we don't have to take your cutoff
we can leave it online oh hi look who it
is let's go inside
Oh Calvin here we go let's get
comfortable there you go okay you got
your motorcycle you got your juice and
now we're here is grandma's Oh making
our way downtown walking fast I want to
show you something
or I want you to hear something can be
really quiet what is it this beam you
can hear them oh my goodness
guys I just walked by this all the trees
I don't think I've ever heard time -
bees buzzing a new type of trees before
so crazy
just come on what what you might be put
on the side with you well guess what I
think that I can I'll be the big train
you be the little one Oh
ready one two three
oh yay
Oh
oh just one person doesn't work here we
will stand by
where are we going to eat what do you
want to order when the older pepperoni
cheese okay we'll see maybe Jackson's
going to see someone that he hasn't seen
in a month who have you not seen in a
while
hi the 80s seriously these guys get back
together and all they want to do is play
with the fidgets spinner come on don't
you guys want to like love each other
talk to each other about what you guys
have done for the past month Wow Wow
that's a cool trick dude that's insane
future spinner tricks whoa
and now it's broken I did Joel took him
out of the curve and thinking they were
mine oh yeah it doesn't mine make sure I
have the newest look I jump over white
Dan hey another dog why is he being like
that Oh
tom has he make her sad hey bud how are
you guys never left
oh yeah just wanted babies like no dogs
get back Olivia knows tricks let's watch
her show trick
and I get you the same thing
it's hard to do on one finger but I'm in
jail for yes you know where we were once
where you was right yeah you met you you
were lived at Hawaii where we got to
California there was a bunch of palm
trees in Jacksonville airplane egos blow
and everyone around you start laughing
like some to pretend Musil lot of roses
oh my long everyone away your new
flowers we cool oh these are the
prettiest one so the two men just keep
growing out of nowhere the most amazing
thing
if you want to know the best part about
this right now we're saying goodbyes but
it's not for a month oh well thanks okay
later losers well we are coming up on
being up for 20 hours today which is
always that bad but it's been a long day
and so we are going to call it and I
thank you guys so much for watching the
video today again if you haven't checked
out the streamys all have the nomination
link down below thanks again and we'll
see you guys tomorrow bye
