Oh Dixon the claw is coming to get you
Oh
can you open up for me bud
open it good job thank you you don't
have to open it you are so smart I don't
love me in good good morning guys I hope
you are having a good day we are going
to spend our afternoon and evening it
Bonnie's house actually she's getting on
a plane she's coming home tomorrow we
have a few things that we want to do
while boating and Jill were gone in
Hawaii they're gracious enough to let us
borrow their little trailer system that
we've used a few times letting the kids
right around in there sometimes Calvin
is sat in there and Jackson has ridden
his bike it's just been a lot of fun
having that so I think we may get
something like that of our own sometime
also lovely a little bit bigger than
that is a different kind of trailer this
guy we've got to bring this back as we
borrowed this bad boy the whole month -
thanks financial for your accommodations
we appreciate it very much and welcome
home our best ability we just all sit
now or laying on the couch toasters
really this is nothing kids have been
doing for the last 15 and downstairs Oh
glad we have been done like cuddles our
head inside out well anyway so we all
were resting on the couch downstairs
Sunday afternoon we are at Bonnie's
house a long time today we are doing
some stuff getting ready for her and
Joel we left with a couple surprise bag
I hope are you guys doing on your
Dave you guys have any fun family
traditions or any fun things that you do
on Sunday oh my gosh I know no more
piledriver no more piles our business
slow suplexes please no we're suplexes I
can't even in no this is not for the
title belt this is not a happy face it's
like such a scary his dragon quit he
doesn't there's a dog say hey Calvin
does go feed him I don't care if he's on
your team you go get up and from this
day forward it was then that Jarrod
Macon became paralyzed on a super suplex
done by Jackson Meachem I hope you guys
are having as much fun as we are right
now this is seriously the best I love
playing with my kids like this don't you
oh I can tell you Louisville
Oh Oh Dixon is what the claw is coming
to get you mommy hey are you guys where
should we do Oh we're gonna go get in
jail okay mom you've been naughty it's
time for you to go to jail I'm not going
to jail ah why do I have to go to jail
because I'm going to kill why because
you are for sale you're right
all right guys live in jail and then you
said you out no you're gonna save me
yeah I could get out yeah oh thank you
using a Teasdale yeah you guys come do
jail oh well this is this like how you
feel like if you try and hide out it's
like you have a timeout and now my oh
now you're naughty again try that again
can I get out of jail now getting rabbit
why'd I have to be a gentleman because
you had to go you have to get arrested
wrapped a Iraq
oh god you gotta jail now
no you had to go insane jail Jackson why
am I in jail because you are cuz I am
ready
can I have food in jail yeah oh good so
I love this I love you guys
oh good so I can get up at my leisure
and get food Thanks okay
I'm having major soup for lunch is that
what you said I could have you have to
eat major British and you have to forego
me once you tell me well I'll be dancing
once
okay I guess mayor dirt is better than
no dirt on my grandboy you had to be
wrapped it oh so much to do when you go
to jail guys I hope I never have to go
to jail and all rap I think I'm wrapped
enough okay yeah not going yellow yeah
these I will listen Joe you have free
hugs I think the only way of me getting
out of it if I offer snack I have an
idea
what if we all get out of jail and we go
eat chocolate milk I hope you pick them
up that's up and pick them up oh yeah
which is risky the rescue the rescue
yeah whoo ah I can't kid can make her
okay I don't know where team Johnny
follow you Wow okay
yeah I won't lie Calvin will come with
us come on mister oh I know the rescue
this is Jackson rescuer it's actually a
kitchen tool did he goes and picks
things up to rescue a receiver weren't
you supposed to be in jail right now hey
I got out of it because he needed
something to rescue cash rescuing all
done look at the disaster though
situation I'm so glad you're here to
rescue in Jackson how am I ever going to
get out of here Jackson what if we what
if we got chocolate milk then and then
we can get out of jail I saw after I
clean you Doug
Mason Lightning McQueen needs a smoke
I'm not yeah I won that one money yeah
take him on oh you better go see you
later
no I think I got it in that one
chocolate milk wins all see you later
Jackson guess what you want some pizza
you keep your mouth closed mr. cow this
is our favorite drawer yikes that's
where the rescue stuff is does
everything Joe he does their whole I
would say we're beating me with their
tools but their ships and their make
sure patient and cross mom I guess not
huh never miss you're right for you will
seriously in trouble
look who has the last laugh now I broke
out of jail and he has no idea Elly and
I just watched Cullen and Katie's moving
out of their house video and Katy had
this story of you know talking about
Maci gains and Brooks and all of the
times they'd walk up the stairs before
they had the babies and basically the
emotional toll going through the whole
journey it took to get those babies
there and it just made me think hug our
babies a little tighter you know and I
we always can take that advice always
can hear that because these are children
and I'm so grateful for them and I
wanted to go down to see Jackson and
Calvin after watching that and just let
them know I love them even if I was
teasing Jackson just a little bit but I
am happy here yeah yeah yeah I'm not
just like what the heck Jackson I
thought we were on the tidal area there
was hilarious
so I love our kids I'm grateful for the
journey that we want to get them here I
hope you guys have a wonderful week we
are going to have a wonderful week we're
going to Florida to see a ton of you
guys at playlist live let us know if
you're going to be there I guess there's
an app that you can download so you can
see our schedule and come to our Meetup
we're having a meet-up I'm excited it's
going to be great thank you guys for
watching the video today I hope you have
a wonderful evening and we'll see you
guys tomorrow bye
