oh man oh man
alright family our our morning chores
done our Saturday morning chores hi
spider-man general your big jump
let's see your big chug the house is
vacuumed cleaned sweet Jackson do you
know whose birthday it is today it's
grandma's birthday can you even believe
that I think we should do some
celebrating today this is if you guys
didn't know like mom's birthday is just
as much as part of our birthday month as
just us - don't you agree that we need
to go to go into town talk with me
Calvin that's how you're going to
contribute to this process is you're
going to take a nap you're going to go
to the grocery store you're going to the
grocery store I'm gonna take I'm gonna
clean off good job let's go you guys
should go get like Grandma a birthday
card but that'd be so fun thank you
maybe oh maybe we have one already I
don't know we can that's great you
remember when we got tricked when we did
our birthday candles yeah kinda are your
eyes okay you've owned the grocery store
come on let's go take a nap so let's be
so excited take a nap he's actually
doing it oh can you guys believe it
yesterday it was snowing and now it
feels great outside mr. Jackson wrote me
- your hands wearing your gloves you're
gonna help me what they're gonna get
look how cute all of this are is we're
at Hallmark right now look how sweet
that boxes there is some toys but these
are really cute I love that I have a
little Saturday afternoon haul for you
guys I just got the nail and Bonnie in
the family sent us a little card thank
you so much Bonnie
and Linda I bet you're getting your card
today too so she'll probably love that
and then I got my mother-in-law a little
house diffuser I've been wanting to try
this for a while so if I like it or her
house I'll have to get me one but I got
her grapefruit and peppermint I thought
that this is a pretty soft scent and
then this is a little more strong so I
those 2-cent really good and then I got
the kids bath bomb so they I was a
hallmark and Jackson is with me and he
loves bath bombs just as much as I do
and so they said it just has a little
rubber ducky on the inside so I got two
of those for the kids for them to use
while Jared and I go to play the slide
next week and then I could not stop
thinking about this box and then I
couldn't stop thinking about Joan and
John and Maeve and their recent
miscarriage that they had and I just I
saw this I just could not stop thinking
about them so I got this and I'm going
to fight them a little letter and send
that to them so I just think a lot of
them right now and I don't even know
what to say just that we love you we're
thinking of you okay I don't know if I'm
a dumb-dumb or what if I should know
this but I got a magnet to put Jackson's
little butterfly theme that he made me
at preschool on the fridge in the magnet
a little stick yet it'll stick back
there on the back of the fridge what the
heck so I can't post up on here
like I said am I being a dumb dumb or
what that's weird there it can go right
here on the oven that's pretty that will
be where I put my little Jackson's
butterfly all right we are making a
little letter for Grandma it's actually
a cute popsicle stick Jackson picked
this up today for a happy birthday to
Grandma Jared and I just got back from a
little lunch date with his grandma and
his aunt and uncle's and it was the
cutest thing I wanted to film it so bad
and then I just thought I'm just going
to sit here on our little date but he
cut his grandma's salad up and it was
the cutest thing because there just was
cute I looked over and he he's at girl
jumping cut that you can eat a little
better because they're like really big
chunks of salad so for you like you so
let's write this up and we go give
grandma her gift Calvin Johor oh are you
all done good job right there on the
paper can you maybe draw your name I
mean you try and draw a J I can help you
okay picture hold right here I know I
never do much on your hand okay thank
you yeah okay we'll get out to Ghana
hold that for her okay these new guys
okay oh my oh my goodness let's find out
honey
oh thank you
I was like here's a card now where's the
case well they really want the cake
don't they
hi happy birthday to you uh mm-hmm done
thank you
this one's from the kids and then this
one is from me okay
Catering endowing and then go ahead and
make a few more I wish everyone could
feel the love your heart has I know I'm
so grateful to be a part of your family
and that I got my occasion for me versus
hey are you being kind of skittish right
now huh you scared of all these people
it's always a friend around here to keep
you honest grandma yeah bet your doggie
sorry guys sorry guys she's not in the
mood to anything right now but it is
very entertaining as it
hey hey yo what are you doing in here
bud are you okay
we're okay what should we go I do have a
cake do you want some cake yeah no he
went in fire on the panel okay do that
again
well Calvin is in his element now that
was so funny that was so funny
Calvin's personality is so funny to me
he is so sweet and cuddly and kissy and
lovey dovey yet part of him is like with
Jackson and superheroes and just loud
and crazy and then when he gets around a
ton of people that are looking at him he
does not like it like that was so funny
he just glares everyone's looking at him
you have to do is seem like he's
independent but it's weird to call him
independent because he like loves his
mom and daddy but what you doing
did you puppy go under there - puppy go
under there
we already sing happy birthday to
Grandma but Jackson wants to make a
special solo singing happy birthday okay
are you gonna sing so loud yeah okay oh
there you go they are okay go for it
happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you happy
oh there you go good job buddy
we've been talking a lot about cars
lately because that's what the boys are
into and Jackson just came inside and
said mom I have something to show you
what did you find - pretty rock and I
thought that was so cute so I wanted to
update you guys that you still like
rocks
huh are you always going to be a rock
lover no rock yeah
so you're gonna be a stinky Rock yeah
sicko no more come here no that's what
happens in Calvin gets in trouble just
got mad at him Calvin
mama mama until I give him a kiss hmm
now you have what marks I don't get in
there look at me don't get in there we
got the kids to bed and I've just been
sitting here on the couch and I was
watching a Bob Ross video and I was only
watching a little clip of it it was just
something that someone posted online
like look at this mistake he made and
the logo what he turned it into I got
sucked in and I've been watching for the
past 20 minutes
Bob Rafi and seriously I'm just thinking
to myself like you can't be mad watching
Tom Ross videos it's seriously like the
most relaxing thing in the whole entire
world so I have a new go-to if I'm ever
upset so I'll just turn on a Bob Ross
video seriously so amazing Ellie and I
will definitely have to try doing one of
those paintings again because now that
we have like
a little bit under our belt I think the
next go-around will be a lot easier
we took us like three hours to do the
paintings the first time and the videos
only like 20-30 minutes so I think next
time will be a lot better okay I think
we're all in agreeance
Calvin's reaction was like one of the
funniest things about the day today
entirely I loved it happy birthday mom I
hope you have a very special and
wonderful day thank you guys so much for
watching this video I wanted to remind
you real quick first of all let me say
thank you for all of the nominations for
the Streamy Awards if you guys want to
check that out and nominate us I'll have
a link to it down below thank you again
guys it's going to be a great week next
week or tomorrow or today or whatever is
the beginning of playlist week we are
going to playlist live in Florida and if
you are going let us know in the
comments down below because we cannot
wait to see you and with that we're
going to end the vlog have a wonderful
night and we will see you guys tomorrow
thanks for watching bye
