retailers sit you think she'll listen to
you big boy well good morning guys I
have my cleaning ready here with me and
I'm going to be muffin my floors today
and just getting the house cleaned up
ready to go because we are going to be
going to playlist live soon our video
just went live from yesterday and it
talked about a lot of my feelings of how
I still couldn't live in like two week
wait in here in a few days we're going
to be taking a pregnancy test and I was
really nervous to share that video and
we've been doing YouTube for four years
we've shared two pregnancies we've
shared some ups and downs we've kept a
lot to ourselves but we've also shared a
lot I definitely want to document a lot
this time because I feel like I didn't
do that as much as the last two
pregnancies as much as I even want to
like looking back and one of my
hesitations posting this was because we
do post online is maybe how people will
take it and I'm really grateful for
everybody that's being so happy and
positive towards us whether I'm pregnant
or not this is how I feel my boobs are
full my tummy has been crampy and I have
you know deep acne and I just that's how
I feel so I'm glad that I ended up
sharing it for myself for my future for
others up there going on the same
journey because I love going to YouTube
and searching ten days post ovulation
symptoms and I love seeing what other
people are going through so thank you
guys so much for being a part of this we
got to get our cleaning on I had been
cleaning the floors a lot lately and I
just use like the bona cleaner because
that's what our hardwood floor guys
suggested both a lot of the dirt that
penny was brought in with her paws the
other day I just like matcha all 12 in
your room you can get it oh it's tuk-tuk
there you go she bring the dirt with her
paws
just like mopping I just hand them off
to all with like vinegar and I haven't
cleaned it in like four days three days
now and they still look great so I'm
really happy of that you want more water
one mister you just want so much
I'll get you article did you pick up
okay some days take longer than others
but Calvin is finally asleep today was a
long effort to get him to sleep but I
still fan lat
Calvin is our best sleeper which is
crazy because he was not even close in
the slightest to be a good sleeper the
first what 14 16 months of his life but
now he's awesome even though it takes a
little bit sometimes hey you guys have a
little quiet time yeah uh-huh
do you want me to sleep with you you're
kind of silly how was preschool today
good you do anything fun at preschool
what you do for show-and-tell
whoa that's so cool what did your friend
say about it
yes that's fun that's cool and jointed
the gate up I was just thinking that I
just got Calvin down for a nap and I
think it's the perfect time and of
course I dream is to just get up okay
close your eyes but only for a minute
I'm starting the clock 60 seconds
starting now okay you don't have to mom
close your eyes 60 seconds go
closer I see Hollis rice culture asleep
1 2 3 seat so Jackson came up to me
today I was getting ready kind of
getting ready and the bathroom he goes
mom
we have crash he's moved eating
breakfast and he probably was looking
out there and thought whoa okay chef
grass now know that it's just like it is
grass but it's not our grass we're going
to do sod oh honey we just like all your
cute one day he knows that we're waiting
or I can now just as much as we are or
what you're eating a little snack I'm
eating what the kids didn't finish from
a lesson to charity in a little snack
haven't these are you guys know Ritz
crackers and salsas like try it let go -
and then we are going to get that date
up then nerves are flowing the nerves
are real oh it's going to turn out okay
I know it's going to turn out okay
eventually maybe a week from now but it
will turned out okay so I'm hanging up
the gays and Elliot I have known this
for a little while probably since we put
up the first gate initially but if you
look right here you can see there's not
much spacing at the top of the wall and
as you go down that spacing gets bigger
it's hard to tell on the camera but it's
about a half an inch difference if I
make the gate level you are going to see
that spacing in the in the wall but if I
make the gate match then my gate is not
going to be straight no matter how I put
this in something is going to look
offset so I want you guys to know from
right now it's not my fault that this is
offset so it's not me that is making
this look unlevel okay the house is on
level on these parts okay just so you
know it's public information right now
and you can even tell right here do you
see how that is angled in right there it
kind of makes a tiny little triangle
right there so okay I'm going to hang
this it's going to look great it looks
good right now as it is so you think all
right guys three days later our project
is done and Jared you did a swell job
should we open it it's beautiful it's
beautiful open yeah opening the door
totes
it's oh it looks so much nicer it's
heavy-duty it looks so good oh it's easy
yeah penny ready to come out oh you like
it you do I don't
I love it jared is beautiful I hope it
stays I always good it's good we should
have to watch the kids and make sure
they don't climb on it they were good
not to climb on the other one just there
the other one went the floor so good job
I love it no God built it looks great hi
today is national superhero day which is
a very exciting day and when you're a
kid right Jackson
today we celebrate all the superheroes
and what superhero did you choose today
yeah
firefighters are heroes they are heroes
and Calvin who are you Wow I Batman is
what that loosely is translated up
you've got your Batman costume on he
wouldn't he wouldn't put his hat or so
it's cape on yeah yeah a normal day
except for one two three and Captain
America has arrived we are going to have
some fun than raining Captain America to
show of your muzzle you have such strong
muscles don't you you want to see mine
sorry can't select any harder on I
ripped my costume it's been raining and
snowing all day today so we thought it'd
be fun to get the kids we have this fun
little playset we're going to build that
right now Wow spread - calm that's my
belt and the belt of truth and justice
and Happiness hmm are you guys are ready
we are getting ready it is a cool Zoey
and rainy outside so we're going to have
a little waterpark fun inside so what we
have been working on today is a place is
that what we are calling it that way
when we're sitting down and we're like
doing something as a family this will
teach her to stay in one place as we are
doing something as a family but she can
still be bias just not jumping up and
eating all the stuff good girl came here
but Jared and I were at the store the
other
and I had never heard of this brand
before Playmobil and we thought it looks
so fun for the kids so they are all
building it and we're going to play with
it oh there you go guys baby girls nice
place can you sit penny
sit down down good girl you know you are
so cute penny are you telling her to sit
you found the blue piece you guys
yeah I started building it I did you
think she'll listen to you big boy
trying to build this can we have some
peace and quiet please can you ask her
for some peace and quiet be quiet
oh no both of you better try that again
can we please tell people you can't send
people any yeah okay boys it is all silk
now there's one more thing that we have
to do Justin we committed we have to
play with it and before that we're going
to put some water in here ready pour
some water
can i watch Kate Jackson why don't you
push this yellow button and see what
happens
oh oh is it you watch
is that cool now you just play with it
boy you spent a pretty amazing day we
dressed up like superheroes we played
with a water park inside our own house
like we have a water park in us indoors
is that pretty cool Jackson pretty fun
huh
do you like this what's your favorite
part about is the water the slide
the slide and the guys that's pretty
cool huh I don't know maybe fell down
before when he went on the slide record
guy duh where you dinner what's up with
you I'm Sammy
what's this tree called it causes Panji
sons run
it's a pantry from Hawaii you hear that
Ali pantry from Hawaii we have had so
many of you guys tweeting us today and
last night about dama dreaming yet
nominating us for the Streamy Awards
which is so crazy because like we've had
a few people do it before but like the
last few days is been like whoa like
Donnie thank you guys yeah absolutely
thank you we'll have a link in the
description if any of you want to but
are you nominating I don't know we've
never been up for a streamys or other
things so this is cool we did get the
fertility on though that was awesome but
like Ellie said we'll have a link to a
down below if you guys want to submit
some fan nominations for us thank you
guys so much for watching our video
today we had a babysitter today and
ended up not working out and then really
okay I will put the kids if it to them
like play game and now we put the kids
better right oh it says that we're going
to do something like that yeah
so yes that's where we're going to start
our weekend is right here so thank you
guys so much for watching
Oh tomorrow is my mom's birthday so
leave some happy birthday comments on my
mom yeah through the month yep okay
we'll see you guys next time thanks for
watching bye
