whoo that was a good guitar so love you
thank you good morning guys come on
Jenny how are you today penny and I are
going to start off our day playing a
little game
as you can see penny is sniffing me like
crazy because I have some goodies with
me we're going to play a game to teach
her not to grab things from people
especially the kids so what I'm going to
do I've got a handful of treats right
here and she knows that she knows that
I'm gonna reward her every time she goes
away from my hand so I'm going to hold
my hand out here
close to me like the kids in hold it and
anytime she goes away from it you never
treat good girl good girl
the more advanced she gets the more open
I can have the treats and then it
progresses from them
good yeah well this was fun to come home
to I just came home and Jackson's in the
garage riding his bike and Jared
finishing up the paint I'm so let it sit
overnight to give you a second coat
because it's making a war live it up
really looks really good
see I did these last night in painted
the low spindles and you mad offenses
icon it's beautiful just wait and we did
a lot on here like that's going to be
saw Jackson what did you say it is
snowing and April yes it is true we are
starting to get some snow today
next week's supposed to be beautiful but
the next two days are kind of rainy and
snow penny come here
look what I got kids look so I got that
to auktioner clothes were so soon
look what I got sent to the store today
and I found something for you and that
because I thought that you would like to
I'll see you're RT in love you got a new
pillow and a new beat and I'm so excited
to get the gate up guys I think it's
going to be really pretty seriously
looking for guys she left her pillow and
the toy so Penny's favorite toy guys is
this and this is like I don't know Perry
cord is that what it's called you guys
know what I'm talking about and it
seriously has lasted so well yeah this
is her favorite that is yours huh I
think yep she really likes that oh yeah
and her pillow look how cute she looks
there penny you look so cute sure sings
I'm get taken come here just wants to
place it by herself your phone your
phone went off right before I did it oh
you love you dog I could have got you
really good good morning dad welcome to
our house
thank you you think you just come over
our house kick your feet up take a load
off
well you're exactly right thank you I
enjoyed that very much until I come and
wake you
this matters so hold on tight
gotcha there you go you're almost
falling off the couch that was a good
save mom and dad came over because they
haven't seen this in a while they went
to southern Utah for a little bit and
now they're back in town and then we
were in California we just have been
hanging out we had lunch together and we
put a stain no not abstain a gloss on
the gate and we're letting that dry
right now so why don't I show you what
I'm just talking about it what I wanna
show you what we've been doing I'll show
you around now come on
holy look at that shine I think it
definitely makes it look a lot more like
the house like the inside matches the
hardwood floor on the ground so I think
this could be really great my biggest
concern is having it sticks on the wall
because it is pretty heavy but I don't
think it's going to be too terrible I
think we'll be okay
Matt actually just made a baby gay in
their house and he has a little board to
support so we may have to do something
like that if the if the there's enough
space in between but either way I'm a
little nervous but I think it'll be okay
Kalyn you ready you can necessarily jump
when you jump
what you want to kill MIT how am I
supposed to believe the Galactic Empire
if you can't take in my life favor huh
okay well if you think you can handle it
you go ahead and do it okay
mmm-hmm can you guys hear that I think
that's my favorite thing about Calvin is
when when he says yes okay hmm and that
is the equivalent of Jackson yo yo yo
his mm-hmm and he's finally starting to
say uh uh ever no you find the bad guys
of your lightsaber don't bite me I'm the
good guy I am your father
whoo whoo Calvin I am your father
dude you can't just leave your
lightsaber like that you have to turn it
off thank you have some have some dust
our manners you know the Death Star
wasn't built in a day was because it was
kept in order you know do you think it
would just blow up because someone
forgot to include some very important
things you know yeah I'm trying to talk
to Howard as best I can
I'm sorry especially Chris Pirillo
derral eves you guys I'm sorry okay so
sometimes we do dinner around the table
and then clean up and do bath time and
then sometimes I just do it all in one
where the kids take a bath and place
their toys and I see doesn't it because
then if they make a mess it's just
already cleaned up so tonight I'm
feeding the kid to the top I made my
Bonnie and I soup and the soup potato
soup folks yeah so pretty much beyond
soup this is such a good meal it's so
healthy that kids love it they either
and then I play in the water so their
time in their fat and their bones are
clean pretty good I think it's cute I
think it's hilarious but I think it's
efficient and I love it the whole you
know tub thing food thing yeah the kids
are honestly like taking that bowl like
and smashing it they're just like eating
the whole thing and it's awesome because
it's like one of the healthiest things
ever at least I think so it's really
good yeah
beans and sweet potatoes and tomatoes
and lotsa those I think they're smashing
that bowl just like you're not sure what
but can we get five hundred thousand
alright for this video I'm just kidding
that's like h3h3 productions I felt bad
about that whole situation but I think
of video where there's our great do you
want a no secret get a son hit that
guitar solo oh distracted by the food in
the fridge yeah there we go back to the
action whoo
that was a good guitar so as you we've
just got your own little family band now
don't we you guys are so talented tuning
up and everything good job I noticed you
were a little out of tune on that last
lap so that's your doing the last last
one but I think you've got it back that
match you can tell it's nearby back so
mr. Jackson had a little late nap and so
are you going to do this with me what
are we doing including a Canadian game
we're going to do this we're going to do
an at-home pedicure this is something
that I really enjoyed to do so right now
I'm going to put some soaked salt at the
bottom of the tub and that is a nail
clipper so I've already filed my nails
and push my cuticles back and then we're
going to soak our feet in the tub and
we're going to do a scrub I've never
used this before it took a charcoal
scrub I have another scrub it not very
stretchy whoa
this is a heel brush think this is the
best thing when I hope my pleasure this
is what they use I can remember the
brand owner I know I remember and then I
put a callus remover on my heels for a
few minutes and rinse off and then when
I'm all done there is this foot logic
the mousse for crach feet that I rub on
and then I am going to paint my nails
this is a very very soft brush just to
kind of get away some of the dead stuff
on my nails then it talk so I just took
a bath save me some okay mister and then
I'm paying my nails with the Essie nail
polish this is what has been on my
finger nails that a lot of people have
really liked and the name is called lace
me up
me and this is here some of my favorite
colors here what
laughing mmm not really haha case you
soak our feet get right here at the edge
of the tub oh you need to stand here
George how's that feel okay good you
know once it and it reaches to the back
we're just our feet huh and then we'll
scrub them okay lift your toe up ah hey
kick god it's like you've been stepping
in oil huh yeah that Thai chili should
do your other one I wish it had more
scrub to it I'll wash your stinky feet
okay
and I do it and do it one more time I
can do this hi I don't work yeah
killer HR - so I didn't get to meet Rick
exactly - no I don't look for your toes
filing them goober yes should we talk
about babies yeah today I am nine days
and after ovulation and I've been
talking to Jared a lot our home has been
like we were very busy last week and
then this week so far it she's been very
kind of mellow and Jerry and I have just
we've been talking a lot like we haven't
really filmed a lot through our day the
last few days he's just been like just
being and talking just how our feelings
and I don't know why I felt so like
camera shy the last few days just like
we've been doing this for four years I
kind of have been but I 100% being I am
pregnant like I feel like I'm pregnant I
never sleep in I wake up when the kids
make up we are dressed ready for the day
we'd be in breakfast and the kitchens
cleaned up by 9:00 and that's annoying
you saying like this is that this is the
perfect way to do it it's just us just
naturally how I am there's always less
than I am
like wake up and I get ready and it's
really weird for me to not do that and
this morning I slept till 9 9 and then I
told you I'm like I can't get out of bed
and I have had the worst acne all over
my chest like deep deep ask me that
hurts and smell my back I've been very
loaded like my tummy has done my just
very full and when it's normally a lot
and even a slight difference it's a big
difference in the exercises in my body
so I had a well that does feel better we
give her much for this is fantastic
update fix me up my boobs have been very
full and part of me thinks well a lot of
this could be just from being busy last
weekly vacation we party I can't come
home I'm just so tired that could be a
big part of it but I don't know there's
just a few things I'm like no that's
totally pregnancy so I feel like it's
really weird to say that and put it out
there for a lot of people desires I
don't know why maybe just because if I'm
not but if I'm not and not quite the
coincidence how's your finger
is it don't see it it's much better huh
I smashed it in a nerd or a sock at
Dryden peace out
maggot and you're so mad you know I'm
glad you're better but that's how I feel
I totally feel like I am and it's a
weird feeling and Jeremiah's been very I
don't even know what though worth is not
like it of course we're excited but not
like oh my gosh America we don't know
we've just been very excited but trying
to be mellow at the same time so that's
how our feelings let's say I need paint
my toenails so I can make you feel
pretty and get some skips free stuff in
dolled up all right there are my toesies
and these are my fingers I really like
the color
fingernail polish I think it's very
elegant very much I like into I love you
I'll meet you are you I mean with only
what you're feeling about what you just
talked about I you can watch the video I
also have felt a lot of stuff on my left
side this whole time like it's always on
my left side which is been really
interesting as well I don't remember you
talking a lot about your symptoms like
before we actually knew you were
pregnant with the other so I'm kind of
like I'm encouraging but at the same
time like if nothing comes our way
energy speaker if things don't go our
way this round like it's it's just part
of the journey you know but the thing is
is I remember feeling along this way
when we were pregnant
Kelvin specifically because I remember
thinking this is weird like I remember
being in the bathtub and that's when it
clicked about I feel weird but I don't
think you said anything but I don't
think I realized it because there was no
way I thought regnant
you know but when you when you know
today yeah and you're trying you can
pick it all of it more I don't know
let's see thank you guys so much for
watching things should be a part of our
journey since before this little guy
this is um a weird feeling guys thank
you guys so much for watching I'll see
you guys - my god my are you
good night mr. Jack say good night
alright my takin I could you're going to
bed okay good I
