oh hey penny no skateboarding alone you
are not skateboarding bulldog oh I think
also oh hey Brad I see we are starting
our day off right and we are going to
get some messy Jackson is at school and
so I'm letting the kids do some
finger-painting Calvin yeah you can use
this these are some extra boards that
I've had in the house I figured they
could either put the paint on themselves
on the board and Little Miss nilly here
you go let's see what you do what do you
think Cal I'll try it
good job she's like this is messy finale
look oh cool good job so we're going to
sit here and paint for a little bit and
then we'll get all cleaned up for the
day good job
let's hit mr. cotton those are good look
beautiful think we need more paint
did you call it hi
guess what he's been doing say dad he's
been yelling okay you guys got your fun
seat we're ready to roll guys we are
going to do a little project you all
know we're not that good at DIY stuff is
going to be a DIY disaster or a DIY
amazing stupendous um so we are trying
to find some hood some lashes I think we
have paint at home
we got correct yeah you shouldn't have
the pants and a thing that we need okay
do we need like lacquer to go over this
like nigga shine steel or whatever
well not like leather feel but shine it
yes you might need that we are going to
try and build something today and it
will take all day so is everyone up for
the challenge
I think I am ready as I'll ever be
Calvin are you ready you ready for the
challenge are you ready for the
challenge one okay everyone on the count
of three put your hands in Cal your
hands Audion bottoms Jackson ready
market set what should we say true say
one two three say dog gate one two three
doggy say dog gate okay I think the
walkthrough got everything we need and I
want to show you what we got we have a
set of balusters we have two two by
fours and we have to one by fours
usually when I do projects like this I
tend to over by in case I make mistakes
and the specific design that we're using
to build this gate we got online and I
think the the one by fours helped hide
any mistakes that I may make so that's
why we're doing this one because I'm
probably going to make a couple mistakes
or a lot of mistakes and this is going
to help with that behind us we got our
wood screws we've got paintbrushes and
we've got all of these things here for
what we need to paint and we are ready
to rock n roll
I'm nervous but I'm excited
think it's going to be great when it's
done what are you doing are you going to
help me load the wood
okay sit right here and you can help me
this is honestly like another reason why
I'm so glad we have the Pacifica you
want to go in the full car with me
awesome we only have the blue car I
don't know how we were doing this Ellie
all right now I don't know okay I
thought Jackson was gone the blue car
what did you just call her well he said
where's the little lady she is her
parent she's seeing her baby sister
right now she's she's with her mommy a
little baby
is she that was here miss Millie she is
with her mommy she's looking at a baby
sister right now I think she might come
back on play later okay
okay she will see I was really cute so
we go off we go home we got all of our
stuff ready Jarrod's bringing up a table
to the garage is that right
okay I'll meet you out there I kind of
nervous but I'm ready for my first cut
is going to be one of the two side cars
but one that you give I'm ready
give a new tool he got last time you did
a little project yeah I thought this
world I just installed the blade so okay
if I die just now I love you
pretty good sightings Melbourne that
took a little bit of time but I've got
all the pieces cut for the frame of the
gate so I've got the two wide pieces and
then the two tall pieces for the frame
and I'm going to piece those together
now so we can put the balusters on the
inside and then we're like almost done
and by golly gee willikers we have a
frame look at that it looks pretty good
what do you think better just look
pretty cool okay so let's see here LM
going to hold it uh-huh okay if it'll
pair we've had this baby eight here I
really like having a barrier here
because the laundry room is right there
I like keeping not clothes and the kids
out and then also Penney sleeps there
and then sometimes she's out here too so
I can dilute it a beautiful to go right
above the molding hey you're right here
and then I'll just swing off and I got I
like I had a conference call so I'm
running a little bit behind schedule
this is taking a little longer than I
thought it would be and also my circular
saw is not the most ideal when it comes
to cutting the the balusters I've got to
call all of these down to 27 inches and
I think a miter saw would be a little
bit better my neighbor has one so I'm
going to see if they can use that but at
this point this is where I am
essentially without the balusters that's
what it's going to look like so you've
got the the frame and then like the
window space right here that's going to
hide all of the balusters stuff and then
we attach it to the wall easier said
than done I'm almost done I'm going to
see if I can borrow that if not I may
have to wait till tomorrow because
almost time for the kids to go to bed
okay guitar you got your baby baby baby
guitar and you've got your medium
ukulele I think guys may like you really
yeah Oh have you had a good day today
buddy good Ellie you please accompany me
today yes okay
it's looking good Jer well it looks I
think it looks pretty good
that microsoft works mighty fast but in
all reality like something terrible just
happened I was doing the pilot hole and
I totally broke the pilot thing it's
like it snapped off on the inside of it
isn't that terrible so I can't finish no
I can either have to do a smaller one
and like wiggle it around forget it I
don't know if I can even a bigger one Oh
try smaller one first
does it look Regis what is it it is a
face huh the quiche house where you
still - no how did you young men are
supposed to be in bed Jackson wants a
sleep an hour ago or 30 minutes or so
how do I know do you want to see what
I've done
yeah okay come downstairs Ella cool oh
there's a couple things I mean I think
it gives character but I put it there
just for you because I knew you'd like
it
this is so good so we're talking about a
gate and they're looking online like
what we want to look like yeah we've all
found this because we liked it it was
simple enough to make it like I like
this barrier yeah he told him how you
needed oh well I've kind of been filming
as I've gone with it there's a couple
things that I did that these and I did
there weren't instructions they were
just pictures and I base everything off
of pictures I had to go in in an angle
to get the dowels in there or the
balusters in there and they did the same
thing here on on the outside and I was
like well I didn't want people to see
the screws on the outside because you're
going to see this a lot Marv you see
this oh I did it from this
I'd so I was a little sketchy but I
think I did it okay good
you think so thank you the people lo
than that bro yeah you just saw the
thing okay almost me yeah um I don't
know
it's repainted or hanger first let's
flip the coin any maybe we should page
it first okay and what in the world you
know it's pouring rain outside we're not
going to go for a bike ride well yeah I
guess you won't get wet but daddy okay I
think we've got her sufficiently sanded
are you ready to stain this bad boy is
all of those are paintings from Easter
you ready finish yeah I'm kind of
nervous but I'm excited that's how I'm a
little like Oh pity no skateboarding
alone you are not skateboarding bulldog
oh I think also oh thanks Brad I the
same stannis on her hardwood floor so
hopefully it matches pretty well I
believe they're two different woods but
this is much pretty decently whoa look
how good that looks
it's amazing what stain can do right
especially to your fingers Elliott's
gonna look awesome beautiful I honestly
didn't think we'd get this far in one
day my initial thought was like oh I'll
build this in 30 minutes few hours later
okay I finally done building it now
we're actually almost done with
everything and this is what it looks
like yeah and they're laughing like this
and then Pena questions and he'll chew
it all up yeah I yeah I don't think
she'll go ham on it but she might have
to learn a little bit but it looks good
we have all the stained them and now
we're just painting the balusters and
we're going to put like a little shine
on the stain once it's all dry I'm not
sure if we'll need two coats on
kind of thing when we might need two
coats for the white but we're just going
through that and generally new makeup
person hey that was your decision that
was your decision we didn't have a small
enough brush and we didn't want to go to
the store so I was like I'll use a
makeup brush and I think you did on
purpose so I have to get you new makeup
it is 11 o'clock and that was a full day
project we had a lot of fun doing it
together tomorrow we just have to finish
up the last coat of paint and then we
will install it and I hope did it it's
not sure what to do with my hands
anymore you did an awesome job you think
you did you're better than you give
yourself credit for I don't give myself
very much credit no I'm on wrong we will
see you guys tomorrow today was fun
because it took our minds off of the
whole two-week wait so we are excited
for that to come up though take a test
but thank you guys so much for watching
and we'll see you guys tomorrow bye bye
