ready oh yeah behind you
good girl Benny you're so pretty even
with your muddy paws you're pretty my
little pretty penny I really enjoy my
morning routine I like getting the boys
dressed and ready for their day their
hair done even if you don't have
anything to do that day I like to just
get up and get ready but today is a
little different I'm not used to
dressing with frills and bows and pink
stuff so this is going to be kind of fun
so the next few days I have my cousin's
a little girl here and I don't even I
don't know how to do her hair I need
Ruby and Bonnie and Jerry Emily here
because they have girls and I'm just
used to like spiking the kids hair or
brushing over to the side so let me see
what I can come up with well I think
this is good as it's going to get in
Little Miss Millie hair is going to meet
her little sister today I think so she's
right I love my little sister okay hi hi
she's been really cute and she would not
eat breakfast from me she had Calvin
feed her breakfast she didn't want to
eat but now in Calvin off her food she
would eat her from him so it was really
cute all right stinky pants you ready
for gymnastics
okay let's go do a big jump like the
biggest jump you've ever done in your
whole entire life big jumping jumping
jumping jumping tuck don't you take my
bags okay that's our site staff you
can't go fast like like Barry Allen I'm
flash
okay I think I'm ready for round two of
this adventure I have something that
I've been working on around the house
for those ever pretty much ever since we
moved in part of it requires me to go up
in the attic I have my handy-dandy
stepladder because I don't have a real
ladder nervous oh whatever I wanted to
do this I wanted to see what was up
there I'm gonna do it later when with
your letter I've got myself a flashlight
and I've got myself a ladder at least a
lot of that's big enough for me to get
up there
so let's climb out there turn on a
flashlight and we will see what yes
there's a light with no levels I think I
have a light bulb from our garage at our
old place still but I can put up there
in the act
oh there it is yes I am so glad I kept
this libel I'm sure we have other light
bulbs somewhere on the house but this is
just funny that I have this from our old
apartment hi that is the Attic
oh yeah guess what I have this is a
light bulb from our old house Jackson
and we're gonna remember from the garage
is the last 20 years
yeah this is from the garage I took out
when we moved you guys climbing up the
ladder with me you look pretty cute up
there except the Attic that's that's the
top of the house that's daddy's secret
room where he keeps all of his secret
things like hot wheel cars and video
games and other clothes I'm just joking
ah all right I think I'm ready this
plane here we go okay we made it up here
let's plug in this light okay by the
power vested in me I say oh the string
is really lucky by the power vested me
let there be light whoa any critters up
here that I should be worried about now
I think we're good I think we're good
okay Jackson you're watching the Millie
good okay hold on Jackson let me call
him up here first what does it look like
uh pink very pink okay oh do you see all
this perfect this is called insulation
it keeps the house warm in the
wintertime and cool in the summertime
but honestly the insulation is kind of
deep for me to go through so that's kind
of really all I wanted to do is kind of
walk around a little bit to see where I
wanted to put a couple things but I
don't think we're prepared to do that
just yet you know what's funny is I get
so paranoid about Jackson climbing the
ladder but if I think about it
he's got the playground climbing stuff
that is steeper and higher than this
like playground ladders just go straight
up and he climbs them no problem but
like a few feet on a like slanted ladder
I'm like just be careful okay gotcha
all right what do you think Kelvin asked
what do you see you don't know what to
think
pretty cool huh oh yeah does it look
like a bunch of cotton candy we won't
eat it though so we're going to have to
put my project on hold at least for now
but I've got a project for the kids it's
been a cold rainy day just like it was
yesterday and muddy outside because we
don't have grass yet coming yeah project
sniff the onions make them crash doesn't
know I've got a Pokemon project for the
kids we're going to make something that
I've never made before but I've seen
this I got preschools and stuff and I'm
excited about it because it reminds me
of my childhood can you say flubber
we're gonna make flubber
I love pin those bowls we're going to
make flubber say flubber so we've got
some glue and we're going to open these
glues up these glues up these glue
bottles up we're going to put it in the
bowl okay Calvin did you just put like
five forks in one Bowl good job good
helper the cool thing about this project
is we can make these almost any color we
want what color do you want to make
these fun things this flubber
blue okay Calvin do you want green yeah
okay mommy what color would you like
yeah okay whoo that might be difficult
but we'll try it
nearly do you want yellow or do you want
blue sparkles I've never seen a sparkly
flubber before so I got sparkly glitter
glue to try and test this out I haven't
seen anyone else do this before we've
got regular flubber and then we'll try
some glitter glue flubber too to see how
this works out I'm hoping the glitter
stays in there but you know how
better is it just gets everywhere in
fact I think there's like a service like
glitter your enemies calm or something
like that where someone just mails a
pound of glitter to you and they open it
up and then there's glitter as it were
how plenty of glitter is prettier than
all the mud that's true look at the eyes
yes we have clean them and we will
probably do it again tonight now careful
this is coated or okay so hold right
here look like unicorn to you is a gland
to move over Starbucks huh we don't need
no wrapping it's cute how looks you're
like fun yeah ready here's what I want
you to do I'm going to tip it over and I
want you to squeeze ok can you squeeze
it
good job there's blue now we're going to
mix it together it's going to turn
really blue okay mix it up real good
it is making blue it's real good Calvin
can you say green where you get you
green Calvin can you squeeze right here
squeeze it
how can you mix this good can't make
mixer turn around
I love the way that way that looks so
cool
ready boy okay watch this here we go
look at that oh my gosh
is that crazy
okay here is the ultimate test I have
the sparkle glue glitter and we're going
to try this ready doesn't seem like it's
doing much yeah I don't think this will
do anything that's alright it's still
coming literally unicorn poop I think I
would know why I've never seen it is
because it does work no one loves to
show it off because it doesn't work
we'll see the glitter glue took a long
time to like settle with the water
mixture so I imagine them might take
some time if this is even going to work
so we'll see pull it a plow good job
keep it in your food that we can plate
are you guys ready to play with flubber
yeah here is the flubber so we've got
blue green and pink for you guys you
guys ready okay now here are the ground
rules with flubber okay no eating it you
don't put the Plumber in your mouth now
I don't want you guys putting on your
shoes and playing basketball games okay
I don't want you putting in your car and
trying to fly your car okay that's just
ridiculous and please don't be late to
your wedding because of this flubber
okay those are the ground rules are you
guys ready to have some fun okay Millie
here's your's
Jackson here's your's Calvin here's
your's what does it feel like oh this is
squishy
Hulk smash smash it yeah
it is amazing huh it's fun huh miss me
to make a friend in the toilet okay -
yeah what else makes me yeah
the Sun has finally come out oh did she
get in frame that was a big jump any the
Sun has finally come out go eat it and
it's just nice and pretty outside so I'm
throwing the ball for penny she loves it
when a Sara penny come on up there it
wasn't this bad Wow okay part of this
game is you drop it so I can throw it
again Cup okay we'll play keep-away
you're really good at that
go come on
ready
behind you that's enough Tiffany's
behind you
good girl Benny you're so pretty even
with your muddy paws you're pretty my
little pretty penny whoa that looks like
a lot of cotton candy tomorrow oh don't
you know done right that is awesome yeah
you're fine
we have two out of three kids in bed
right now and this is how we are
spending our evening we are spraying
down the patio
the Pegasus I decide lost our I've never
hand wiped our wood floor
I've smelled it and tonight I did and
we're spraying off the patio and we now
have our nozzle for Penny's feet so our
house should be in much better shape I'm
probably good yeah if we keep on top of
it which we definitely will
our hardwood floors feel like it is the
day we got them they're so clean they
feel pretty great and it's calling to
you thank you you're welcome
had a great day we are exhausted three
kids was pretty good I honestly didn't
think soaps hurt I honestly didn't think
it was that bad no she was such a good
girl and she had her little baby sister
today so she's newsWest here tomorrow so
thank you guys so much for watching
congratulations to my cousins and if you
enjoy the video give it a thumbs up oh
and we will see you tomorrow thanks for
watching bye Oh
