Oh oh my gosh checks in your blindfold
and you're jumping from couch to couch
that's pretty brave how she gets okay oh
sorry no discussions weights up
questions after the performance
whoo good morning guys happy Monday I
hope you have a great weekend
we have a great weekend we we just got
back from California and now it is back
to reality Ellie and I are those gravity
hope there goes gravity mom's sphaghetti
Mars I'm like that Oh Ellie and I are
sitting down together every once in
while well we'll get together and we'll
just sit down and we'll talk about the
things that we need to do we're having a
meeting right now yes it's our fight one
of my favorite things to do mm-hmm so we
have like blinds that we needed to we
have car stuff that we need to get oil
change and you know some things I want
to do projects on that yeah so we're
just getting organized and that is how
we are starting our Monday and then here
in a little bit we'll pick up from
school
trying to take your shoe off you got it
well good grief guys it is a raining
rainy rainy day Jackson I just went to
the store we picked up a bunch of stuff
treats cookies drinks cookies and set to
mate the sweet potato soup and we're
excited it's gonna bring us yummy but
first we're going to eat so much and
then we'll have a snack more done okay
corn dogs oh this is one of the kids
favorite pictures you guys made this for
us and the kids will love it penny you
don't need the camera the kids love it
and it's not our faces but it's enough
that it looks like that's huh I think
that's a pretty sweet picture one of my
favorites
penny is doing so good Jared's I'm
working with her all morning with
trainings and so I you take credit for
it by show your cute pen Jared was
working on there like when we're on the
couch - ah ah - sitting is good you're
upside yeah but what we're wanting her
to do is do it down stay so lay down
gone maybe treat her for that because
then we're all sitting in here we don't
want her jumping on this gown good girl
penny good girl she's doing so good I
think you match perfect with the blue
chairs pen yellow and blue are some of
my favorites you too soft good girl
Cukor well we have had a pretty chill
day coming home from our week of playing
the kids had actually been downstairs a
lot today playing with toys Oh Calvin
actual self taking it out on the clock
and you guys are you wrestling
let me get Calvin off of you you guys
just want to wrestle
I like when she's judges her legs like
that well the rain is coming down it's
been pouring down rain all day today and
we have lots and lots and lots of mud
but that isn't stopping us from having
some fun Jackson has found a way to keep
himself entertained tell me what are you
doing with your hat uh-huh whoa okay
show us Oh
oh my gosh checking your blindfold in
here jumping from couch to couch that's
pretty brave how she gets okay oh sorry
no discussions wait till questions after
the performance whoo whoa dude that was
that was awesome can you see anything oh
you can go for it whoop whoa the thing
is about Jackson that I love is that he
is just brave he will try anything and
he is just like uh what can I do now
like Oh jumping from couch to couch is
and I'm gonna do a blindfolded
oh you're stuck whoops oh oh no you're
stuck you're stuck in the fire oh no
what are we gonna do
okay I'll get you out who exactly get
him Calvin I said this time around with
us trying to get pregnant and especially
hopefully when that time does come I
want to be more I want to document my
experience more details than I did
before because I was so bad that I could
look back with Jax and I wish I could
have seen more what was happening when I
was doing plummet and I didn't have that
document it but it seems like this time
around I feel a little bit more nervous
picking the camera up and talking about
it at Memphis because it is so detailed
or whatever I just saw that way but I
watched today Chloe Brown we met you at
Disneyland and you treated me the video
and I really enjoyed your video I
commented on it and I enjoyed meeting
her she's a sweet viewer and she has a
daughter as she struggled with
infertility as she just said how much
she's like I don't think you guys
realize how much by you sharing your
experience has helped me and so I'm
going to put my big girl panties and I'm
just going to just tell you just a
little bit about how I feel right now
today I am six DPO six days post
ovulation and of course when I I know a
lot of you guys have done this like you
google everything and you want to see
like what's going on and sometimes
that's bad and sometimes that's good but
I am just interested to see other
people's experiences this is what I did
when I was pregnant with both my boys I
would see how other people are feeling
is the same time that I'm pregnant
so today all day I have had a really big
headache and I have felt very very not
painful cramps but just like dull aches
in my lower stomach and I felt that all
day and then as I was getting the kids
based and ready for bed I went to the
bathroom and I totally could have what
is called implantation bleeding so
implantation spotting and so I was like
Jared thank you and it was cute and I
was a little nervous and and I realized
like why you say you're nervous because
like you this is a big thing and you
know there I think what you said earlier
was like I don't want to be embarrassed
I'm wrong and yeah and I don't think
there's anything to be embarrassed about
you know but a little sigh said it it's
kind of like when you're excited about
something and you look into every little
detail or maybe it's like you had an
argument with someone you're looking
into every detail like we I'm confused
so it's just what I'm looking at like
every little possible thing I'm like
maybe that's it and it's an exciting
time Jared I have never had this type of
experience I was trying to get pregnant
and so it's fine time right now well
because the first time it was you know
it just kind of came upon us because of
the samara and the ovulation it just
just happened and with Calvin we just
had no idea and now it's like this was
the first time like from beginning to
end we kind of idea like and I'm looking
at the symptoms right now 6 days past
ovulation and the most common is fatigue
and exhaustion and I know we just went
to Disney I know even I know that's the
other thing is unlike we're totally
pooped from playing Elly says like my
eyes are just so heavy right now so
that's number one number two do you want
to know one number two and guess what I
am definitely getting the sympathy cat
I'll stink if you've been following us
for about four years you will know that
what we talk about most is poop and gas
which is so funny
well the Griffons girls and they're
British like hi I can't even explain to
you it is a real thing and all of my
brother-in-law's they will stand by me
when I say their pregnancy farts are
something else
hilarious you know the way things are
lining up the way things are going I
don't want to get too excited but it's
impossible to not be happy but I think
things are halved what I'm excited we'll
see I told my mom one week I'll take a
test so very excited and I'm grateful
that we can document this and for some
people that want to pay attention can
come along the journey
I told Elliott the record button just
because I think she's so stinkin cute I
love you I love you and I love ya my
skin has not looked this bad in a really
long text don't know it's not looked
this red and like it pigmentation and
stuff in a long time and it totally
could be because we just got back from a
trip and we've been not eating very good
that's definitely felt that's just
something so you are beautiful
thank you okay I don't want you to think
it's like out of your skin
thank you I just wanted to disappoint
your beautiful thanks and you should
know that tremendous take it off take
off your boots honey mom take off the
dish not too gummy you ready
okay guys you all asked a lot about this
plane books we talked about a lot this
trip this is a plane book that we
usually read every night is who wrote it
and what we do is it talks to you all
about planes and so you put the light
behind so those people stand in line at
the checkout desk
can you see who is looking at the
tickets so can you put the flashlight
under the book and although further
seeing that you can see this yep that's
the worker looking at the tickets so you
go through each book on his clocks going
off it's bedtime so that's what we do we
look at each page and Jackson takes a
flashlight and you point to under and it
will show you all the things going on
inside the airplane so it's our favorite
books that we read at night huh
true chom another page where is the bag
baggage storage on the plane can you
point to under there huh see you can see
that's where all of our bags go is under
the plane huh and this one's talked
about can you see the Sigma signaling
guy there he is we just go through we
read the book and show each thing that's
going on tonight night like I am they
are how many planes are there one -
perfect - extra this is can you see
inside the cockpit oh there they are
to find the airplane all right this was
Jackson's favorite part of the plane one
of the cabin crew comes around and does
the service cart what can you see inside
yeah and snacks any and yep he could not
wait until the guy brought us our treats
huh you loved eating the crackers eat
treat Ebola always yeah we went so Olli
yeah maybe we can go see him again okay
maybe you can come see us sometime - ah
our house yeah okay and you know the
Gaines has a new house laughs maybe we
could go see her to my house is it it's
a new house they were Boston with the
baby he was a big baby she looks so cute
in the leg es in Olivia when she was a
baby we all thought she was so cute she
would eat hot tamales weren't even hot
to her
uh-huh that stuff comes out um for me
when it Barney was a baby uh-huh
when that bonnie was a baby she had
curly hair is Miroku and you know what
she was actually yellow she had to stay
in the hospital to get lights on her and
she's crying uh-huh
let's toss the ball sweet standard today
when Spyder is amazing yeah I don't know
I bet he was pretty fast that he wiggled
all around and talked about in nonsense
today I know yeah when my nose is the
baby I bet it was really tiny and small
and funny and funny and then every time
I have a baby as soon as you get bigger
yeah and they can make a red nose I get
better better yes
that sounded big the door well your
goofball yeah
toot toot toot yeah I totally talked
about this a lot guys he kept taking it
to our friend safe good night nice to
that work thank you guys so much for
watching our day today not only today
but since before we found out we were
pregnant with you how low baby Bolinas
thank you I love you
listen ah you're silly
- hmm don't be a doggie via Jackson boy
candy kisses a nice one
thank you guys
see you tomorrow hi
