guys you've all you hug too much okay
bye
hey thanks for coming over are you guys
having fun good morning guys you guys
sound like you're having a great time I
think this is the first time I've heard
these two laughing at each other that's
the cutest thing ever you guys playing
peek-a-boo peek-a-boo peek-a-boo
oh good well I'm glad you guys can do
when all me and Jackson were younger
Jackson was the younger of the two is
the younger of the two and he would just
kind of like grab onto Ollie and all he
does didn't like that and now it's like
the roles are reversed
Calvin is the older one and Finn is just
like I want to have you follow of the
time and I was like please don't do that
I don't like that and now they're
finally laughing it's so sinking to you
and I think it's just that time and age
where they are it's just cute hi you
have been such a good dog haven't you
haven't you you've been such a good girl
a good listener and you've been so good
with the kids haven't you the whole week
our neighbors have this leash and they
love it it honestly oh well yeah I love
it well this week you boys have bonded
you guys happy not what you happy you
happy
Calvin finally being more letters heavy
what did you get fine I'm grateful girl
a crazy bug fuck oh well look it's a big
beetle welcome you he said you just did
this to me two seconds ago I'm not doing
it again
that's pretty cool huh Jackson what
colors could all give that car to you oh
that's so nice thanks ollie very nice of
you all yeah whoa it could probably go
that's awesome
what does it back on Calvin oh no this
is I'm Calvin Aqsa ladybug
oh there come and go Finn go go Finn go
catch that bug my hook poke yes boys and
bugs and what is the thing I can't
remember so I said I don't know
something on hugs yeah please ugh
dirtiness yeah other trips here comes to
a question Brian I think there's just
one last thing I need to do before I
leave it and I need to ask for you okay
thing that I would like to do I would
like to be one of the very first people
I know I'm not the first but I want to
be one of the one of the first to go
down here what do you guys think
it might be a little dangerous but I
don't land on the wood it's a pretty
sweet-looking slide yeah go check it out
nice right hand on hand guy really nice
mug I understand things one of the very
first pieces Emma said first of dozens I
mean everyone's like this I love it
I was looking for seating
it's clean you can seriously climb on
top of the grotto
pankot wow that is a lot easier to get
up there and I thought actually they got
it maybe right now maybe a little thing
we're going to tear up there it'll be
covered in water but we go
is it really high would you jump in
right there knowing it's only like 3 9
feet really guys you've all you had my
say bye
hey thanks for coming over did you have
fun with oli and Finn in your brother
thank you ollie you have been so good at
sharing this is unbelievable ok we'll
come back again
Angie Jackson just got done saying I
come back I want to stay here forever CS
birthday day yeah
are you in a real good we left right
yeah maybe there's something in there
did you imagine
oh my gonna okay thanks you guys are
just so wonderful at hosting and being
our friend like you do a really great
job at that so thanks guys
we'll see you in a couple of get out
Jason look is that okay
is that an airplane what are the big
things under the wings ah you remember
from the book wah wah ha ha ha those are
under the seat is the engine under the
wings yeah one of the engine do right it
makes a fly huh yeah
is that your dog that your good
traveling buddy he seriously takes it
like wherever we go let me see the face
Calvin look that is a well-traveled
companion ya DC the airplane - that's
not our plane but we're going to get on
one real soon you always see articles on
Facebook and there was one that it was
like 10 things that you shouldn't like
just don't waste your money on tech TV
yeah it was travelling with my own kids
specific remember and it's busy and hard
and whatnot and you should just like
someone's opinion I actually really
liked traveling with the young kids
because it's so fun so that I think it's
taught them a lot about interacting with
people it's taught them a lot about like
behavior stuff I totally agree and it's
fun for me yeah I actually really enjoy
it so there's our plane on our way home
on our way home okay
thumbs up thumbs up mum our Calvin
something
good thumbs up you guys ready that's my
boy
you excited tell my boys my thing that
they're thinking
I see those how are you doing your
ice-skating home sweet home
are you guys excited to be back home
this is like literally the only thing we
have in the house
so we're feeding the kids some eggs and
yogurt and a couple other things and it
just feels good to be back don't you
think I love that penny was very excited
yes oh my gosh I caved in everybody's
ready she's probably ready to come back
edge she was so happy and it was just
the sweetest thing like she just went
from like one to the other like she went
for me the Elysa Jackson hi he hides any
girl she does look bigger
she does look bigger the kid did so
awesome on the flight today and I like
makes me the happiest ever as they did
so great I think what may not translate
very well or show up in the vlog very
well is we kind of did like three trips
today we drove from Bryan and Missy's
house to the airport then we did the
actual flight and then we drove from the
airport to our house and both cases of
driving it's longer than the flight
actually is the flight is like an hour
and a half and driving from Bryan and
Missy's house to the airport and from
the airport to our house is like an hour
and forty-five two hours so it's been a
long day for us and the kids have done
awesome
hey why do you got on your head this
isn't the birthday cake come here don't
do that again I'm not sure if that was
Nazis kind of sweaty
okay polio and some things that never
change I love our nighttime routine
Jared always lays out the boys pajamas
and I just think it's always cute that
they're laid out ready to go scissor
dirty eyes dirty challenge take a
bathroom finding stuff in the sea gave
me a so excited thinking Nassif I backed
up what we've been doing that lately
movie film I stopped console 30 and
pronounced haha okay let's get business
and then to bed you're all cleaned and
right do you later go downstairs and
play see you in a minute and you my
handsome little boy are all cleaned and
ready for bed Dora downstairs in place a
little bit I had so much fun with you as
we
that's so much fun did you have fun yeah
going to Disneyland why I got big name
is Ramos your loving man whoa my name is
regard jungle place it for a minute hey
Calvin Calvin are you being soft okay I
guess they switched on
Oh
Oh
Oh
this smells just like the micro cross
breaking the bond way
and just like that we are home and in
our own beds it's always nice to get
home from a vacation and like sleep in
your bed so thank you guys so much for
watching this really fun week that we
have had with my family going to
Disneyland hanging out are really good
friends Brian and Missy again thank you
so much for the rope guys very much so
enjoy my bath and we will see you guys
tomorrow bye guys
