let's see your tongue bat or you still
got some hmm okay let me take a little
bite Wow fine
you eat it all to yourself I don't want
bleep even well let it rise and tell it
doubles and that is exactly what this is
done okay Jackson do you remember when
we got this at Disneyland well I finally
put batteries in it should we drive it
okay so all we have to do we'll just
turn that on there okay we'll put it
right here okay now look this is how you
drive it now you maintain a good speed
you drives nice and carefully and don't
crash into any one that you should be
all good okay push the button Wow there
you go oh I thought he never graduated
anything I think you've got this doing
well upside down let's take a look real
quick alright so these are the controls
this one is forward
this one is backwards and this is turn
right look a look at the wheels turn
right and turn left and now you try and
then we'll let Calvin try again
ah good job ollie
listen whoa doing donuts okay Calvin you
want to try and push that book whoa whoo
looks like we still need to work on
forwards and backwards with Calvin huh
Oh what's on his mind
there you go whoa whoa whoa whoa careful
this is a cool little remote-control car
I think the kids are going to love it
whoo this is a good idea that way you
can't get a lot huh you got to be good
on your turns in here though take the
inside corner my water sugar and yeast
arrived and double it is now in the
flour and sugar and oil and I am making
rolls tonight guys I'm excited and I
hope that it cases it as it does when
I'm with my mom in a minute I'm going to
punch that down I'm going to let it rise
for several hours while we go picks the
town chair I'm ready to head to town are
you yoga attire are you ready to hit the
town Oh
I'll protect you
how's your finger
okay look at it you know pretty booster
but you know what it's not tight it
feels like it's getting better huh okay
I won't touch it I can already tell that
these rolls are going to be really good
because when I was mixing and punching
down of the dough it wasn't too soft and
it wasn't too flowery or sticky you
won't mind watching these punch this
down yes Ellie will be doing the
punching not me or American Airlines you
can fit it yes what is all the fights
lately okay that's a really bad joke I'm
sorry I'm so good
look how good that looks it's not too
sticky or dry looks great Ellie well
great look at that
your mom would be so proud thanks mom
why wait around in the morning a nice
Texas or a question about doing that but
that had to be done these roles depended
on it
I have a video on this just look at the
shape it is really beautiful the way
that it's just like it now
look at look how pretty that is can I
slap it like that Bryan do you want to
slap it yeah there's no great looks
awesome
oh yeah and then your hand not even not
even sticky here's a little fun fact for
you I'm not sure if you knew this
because we have to talked about we're
driving the car listening to the new
Beauty and the Beast soundtrack and
Bryan did you know that Emma Watson
turned down the role to mala man to get
the city to be part so you didn't know
that an Emma Stone turned down the role
of spell again so they just put a little
guest which a room never bulk up for the
role yeah no you know I thought it was
interesting yeah I thought it was cool
and I think they both like their
respective parts very very well I'm such
a measurement
I'm glad I'm really glad they took Emma
provel because I do you think so yeah
yeah I definitely think the concept feel
of it is something like that so there's
your Freebirds random fact of the day
we've got all of our men there are so
many boys in my life that I love but
that's Kalin you stink okay we've got
all of our guys walking to the play area
mr. cow just waking up and play and then
I think you're going to go see a movie I
think that's gonna be a lot of fun of
you perfect for the Saturday a perfect
Saturday afternoon to end our wonderful
vacation this is like our last vacation
day isn't it
did you like the movie but it was a good
one huh
hi hi do you like it yeah it was fun huh
should we go you guys sure cute let's go
this way and we'll follow mommy and all
in Brian did you love it
darling a real puppy it was pretty cute
was now yeah
there they go oh yeah totally
guys you've got to come outside and see
this Wow ah did you see that Wow Jackson
is that cool here you go
you
Wow
yeah
that was recent got few jobs for the
price of one
super Zaza I know we've been playing and
partying in the Sun all week so it just
feel good to like go to the dark movie
theater where it was really a seed but
we are back and we're getting ready for
dinner look at the bread now a few hours
later there's not a huge Brian we are
ready
so I'm going to wash my hands and then
pound that down
you got a found it right for a little
bit longer no that was no I think it
made them the towels the frosting but so
yeah we pounded down one more time then
I make the rolls and then the rules the
circle rolls rise and then we put it in
circles you know what I mean this is
like a real Kardashian booty now right
that's more realistic yeah oh it's our
class no you're good no I have to count
it down anyway ticket was subject it's
me it's a fun soundtrack right
I failed my dad do you guys find a new
trampoline buddy huh are you guys having
fun with living on the trampoline hi
Reno hi pretty girl
do you like jumping no not huh ready set
go
all right we know there's a there's a
fence in the way so that may have hurt
come on right there there you go there
you go you figured it out let me see
your tongue oh my goodness how lucky are
you you have a blue tongue they just
finished doing like a little cotton
candy thing Ollie and Jackson and
Jackson tongue is so blue let me see it
again
oh it's blue like a smurf oh no it's
blue like a troll oh let's see yours
tongue bat or you still got some is they
good as a delicious mmm okay let me take
a little bit oh wow fine you eat all
yourself
I didn't want bleep anyway okay pull
those buns out of the oven
Kelly those look so golden this smell
Emily they smell so good put a little
butter on the top and a little bit of
sea salt I don't think they're
undercooked and I don't think they're
overcooked they look perfect we've got
some dinner for these kids and I think
the best part of the meal are your roles
only single okay look how good and plus
E and Foley's like these are the best
robe I have ever made they look so good
okay time to put these bones in the oven
oh this whole two week wait is
nerve-racking uh and I am really excited
well Ellie has been like talking to me
probably every hour on the hour
I want to know what you're feeling about
I'm excited I think when you have
something that you are hoping for you
are more hopeful and you turn out to
think about like it probably whoa or you
try not succeed about like the negative
stuff so I'm Jose was advised yes and is
really excited so I've been looking
online like every day of what your body
is doing so today is four days past
ovulation and it just says that I bio
what is it meiosis is like at the
sixteen cell stage right if everything
is working out the way that it's
supposed don't know what that means
but whatever it is said that maybe some
sentence that you would have would be
like cramping tiredness bloating gas SAP
and pardon me like is that really
happening I don't know I fill all of
that plus I have acne all over my back
which I don't get the I think that's
just because of we've been eating out a
lot and so I sell all that because I've
been eating out but I generally know
that yeah I feel like I also have to be
self aware of what is actual symptoms
and what are like self-proclaimed
symptoms because you might be
acknowledging some of those things
you're like oh wow I am ma you know my
back is aching because you're thinking
about it do you know what I mean no no
you don't think so okay oh I just I'm
just saying like I mean I can't think
about I get that but I'm not saying
that's what's how I know I'm just just
fun to think I wanna know I agree I I'm
I am so excited every time we move the
camera no cancer nice and pretty
I'm trying to run to the friends I can
see it I like I'm excited for this whole
thing it's cool to watch the progress
like if everything is working what's
happening and follow along with because
we know we know when you know and I
remember with both babies I had the
worst headaches like very early on I had
the worst headache so I'm anxious just
to like see what comes about if anything
and if it's like it was is exciting two
weeks
wait is that very fun and exciting
patient anxious time to look at this
amazing steak filet mignon that bright
sorry for what
all right I mean she's a good taken and
to run all or thank to you oh well we'll
just have to come visit more often then
look at like how clean that is Ellie has
her rolls we've got potatoes and we've
got Carl how's it going and the kids we
are having a delicious dinner this is
going to be amazing look how good
everything is like we've got the best of
the best here hang on
yeah here's our secret there are RC cars
on I even have one even jump you're
going to show me the ropes I didn't
bring mine that's okay
oh no I hope I don't break mine writing
with saying like every time we've gone
out there at least one has come back
broken and then they've taken the pikmin
the guy fixes in like an hour so I'm
hoping we have one of those chasms in
Utah right and if you have treated us
all got this week you are so good to us
we're all playing razor roll yeah I'm
ready ready
like our head
all right yeah what's up CD great those
are great don't know yeah good are you
sure you wanted to do haha
we invite you ever see we can do is cool
son
Oh Oh that was intense
did he go over you that was like better
than a trust fall oh we don't get
together all that often but when we do I
think the time that I cherish the most
with my friends is when we just sit
around and talk and that's what we're
doing with with part of the group
Missy's putting already badly proud of
us because we live in a trance we live
in different states but we do see each
other my way more often than I think
other friends who live in you know to me
yeah I definitely think so and I think
the conventions help a lot but we see
each other more now outside of
conventions I think yeah so I think
that's been a lot of fun Colin and Katie
soon we all know yeah what we need to do
is like once they're in the house their
new house we are not invited right I
think that they would say yes I think so
I think they'd love it I think they have
lots of dr. Besser stuff but we're going
to go ahead and end the night thank you
guys so much for letting us stay here
this is our last night here we we so
appreciate it go over to their Channel
and say thank you for us because this is
been so much fun so thank you guys and
we will see you tomorrow as we travel
all the way back home to Hawaii
what bye doc bye
or are they seriously thought about it
but I see you my
