you do power oh this is how we're doing
yeah just take a bite everyone just take
your territory
yeah hey you look like Miss Doubtfire
nothing how are you what broke a little
oh honey it's pretty purple how are you
feeling good guess what daddy's birthday
yeah when he wakes up we'll say happy
birthday okay good morning so the first
thing the kids wanted to do when they
woke up once you come outside and play
and you're cleaning up the site Jackson
ran inside and grab two towels like my
basket ramp it's wet I got off the slide
I can slide down it's not getting your
bums wet Calvin
so Finn like to sit next to you he's
being so nice to you it's so nice thing
okay are you guys having a fun morning
future ball whoo put your idea
a little ball well hold the tell us your
ball you want me to wrap it up okay it's
your ball
it's wrapped up in a tell us and now you
can go run and play if you have one
mission that we have to do okay we've
got to find the fire-breathing dragon
and we've got to get them with our anti
fire-breathing dragon Raygun
okay let's go oh you found it okay so
it's been really fun to see all your
Jackson play they've always been really
good friends but when you are like two
years old when Jackson ollie were two is
like a lot and that's exactly how Finn
and Calvin are right now he is too hard
to communicate right now but the
screaming lots of correcting and you had
better specific I did one ugh so it's
just fun to see their relationship like
grow and well now they're really going
to show you share a lot and they don't
fight and they used to a little bit
because they were younger you know and
now it's like hey Justin have you said
happy birthday to Daddy
go give him a hug and kiss thank you
this has been like my favorite part of
the whole day so far KK Modi shake your
booty Superman if only right look at
these crazy water babies they are in the
pool down to their undies Swiss boys
swimming and undies is the QC in the
world
well I am no mud wish like my hair now
just having fun I'm so so I'm going to
scoot out of the way well this is quite
the adventure already Brian was like hey
Jared come here I want to tell you
something do you want to go race RC cars
so I'm driving this behemoth and Brian
has got this one the biggest of the
trucks and it will go through anything
so through anything go through it can't
go over it
can't go under it got to go through it
and got what Jim's explode out here I
know he just pulled up he's like yeah I
built this in about ten minutes like can
you imagine the backflip on this so I
put up the GoPro on the RC car and we're
going to drive it
Brian why you give us a little test run
whoa oh you nailed that landing hey I'm
gonna do one I missed a little hey you
nailed the landing and that's all that
matters that was amazing so let's put on
some awesome music we'll hit some jumps
and have some fun it's the music
did I just break it I just broke it no
it was both of us oh my god oh my gosh
that was one crazy head-on collision
okay
okay Brian wants to get jared up here
Q's down there runnin
maybe with water please don't say we
look like scary guys doing friends happy
birthday
what are you kidding me - that's awesome
I got the right one and I didn't think
of them what would you do if you say
it's the same frame as my favorite one
goes to plus miles per hour handles like
a no I just gave this to my birthday
cake Brian that's amazing you guys are
like backyard yeah it's a good one dude
waterproof weapon colors yeah calling
all cars oh yeah this is awesome should
we raise my yeah have you burned it
again this is so cool you ready really
ready my first time driving this one my
own I'm so excited that it's so nice of
right there you go yeah you got play
birthday boy
you
Jackson he goes mommy look at this snack
seeking to shield he pushed his belly
out to put a snail on their butt funny
well mr. Calvin mr. Calvin is going on a
four-hour nap for hours he's totally
catching up he is still napping the boys
ate lunch and now they're continuing to
play in the little pool in the front and
I am picking up the cake that I ordered
from Sam's Club and we need 55 candles
because our 55 years old between the
tall we have so much knowledge between
us sighs yeah let me know fine um you're
picking up the cake and I'm picking up
you have cake for dinner tomorrow for
breakfast and I'm sure tomorrow for
lunch so I'm not a huge fan of sushi and
while we wait for the birthday cake cake
to come out there are some sushi samples
here which I've never seen a Sam's Club
before so I want to try it with you okay
maybe I'll try the crunchy California
rolls I'll try to must test one you
wanna do spicy radio California office
oh here is our K okay ready
how many have ever tried to shake one
two three no great I lied I tried it my
life Alaska mm-hmm ideal is the text
without the page that's really good
sushi
dad you're converting me you like the
cake you want to taste it no mommy trick
you is it good is it good buddy hey my
gosh is been doing that for my birthday
for every yeah and we're parents now so
we can finally do it good happy birthday
I and Jared we have to put 55 candles on
Jo - we are should we have cake now and
dinner late okay right yeah it's that
kind of day as never having cake and
we're going to eat it - and 29 this is
my last year of my twenty-one
and that's funny
No
happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you happy birthday dear Ellie and Jared
happy birthday to you oh my god oh my
god tricking when the guys drink oh my
god open a window
but you're something oh my son I don't
think I don't know it's your smoky in
here well there's this black mohammed
rafi where else oh my god no I got the
candles they have in like three bars how
did we not know the yourens trick how
did we prank ourselves have you ready
the reversing wife uh-huh yeah that's
three boxes Oh yummy you can see good
tonight huh
you're tired yummy Jesus Howard
oh this is Howard Ernie yeah just take a
bite I'll just take your territory do
you guys you know we already did the
dishes so no one wants to do dishes
chocolate cake with white frosting
that's like my favorite
I would like perfect for Kiki yeah me
too okay let's cut it up happy birthday
happy birthday yeah
oh you look like Miss Doubtfire take a
break okay now say hello no no no you
have too much no sodas good ah damn it
okay stop stop I only have one hand
come on we will baby when we are let's
wash your hand so you can eat the cake
okay I know you like cake but I don't
want you to become cake oh my gosh hey
thanks for letting us stay at your house
why are you guys just like the kindest
most amazing people ever do you know
that
Jackson Calvin ha ha dad come open this
you just want to spoil your you guys
have spoiled us thank you
Calvin is not wasting any time oh my god
Wow oh it smells amazing yeah a little
that's a bath bomb should we use it yeah
thank you thank you guys
what is this just like desktop salt
thank you after all whoa thanks guys
that's so sweet of you
that one tonight we will use one tonight
thank you you guys have just been so
kind thank you so much happy birthday
Elly yeah are you guys feeding the
chickens yes that's awesome
it's like three minutes for us on
Instagram stories so awesome I want to
try can I try it why thanks Jackson
just hold my hand out is so funny
Jackson you're so brave oh my gosh I
would like it kind of nervous about it
um Angela Kinney
Wow that craggly looking like Meredith
she's really ugly from the office Kelly
she's exotic she's the exotic Lee yeah
and who's Andy oh there's no voice oh
everyone says that I remind them of Andy
from aw yeah I don't know it could be
the ridicule and enterin of everyone
how's your finger buddy it's broken a
little can you show me let's see it
looks really bad bullets it's just
bruised and bruises look I think a
little worse because when they heal they
you know feel the colors like she's
doing good
he's using it a lot more and that's a
good sign he's actually curling able to
talk to there you go
make her feel secure hey good job
Jackson you are like the bravest little
boy I've ever liked
yeah she's even had like me on you maybe
when you're getting good for dinner the
kids are in bed and that means the
adulterer out have a party and we are
partnering art right now we're at
painted earth and we're painting pottery
what are you painting today a name Missy
what are you painting a bunny rabbit
Ellie in June I decided to paint ice
cream bowl hey ice cream together we
have all your little Bowl so I like have
like this peel and tan and I'm going for
the ice cream look so I've got this yeah
but yeah but this looks like an ice
cream cone oh sorry someone interrupted
my clip I think they're completely
hammered right now finished not down
here so yeah so they're having a great
weekend and so are we painting our
pottery here is my little ice cream bowl
and you joyner it yes I'm done you've
got the gnome I'm almost out I have to
do the house great then this is a little
me
what a wonderful birthday birthday week
it has been it's just been so fun and
I'm so glad I have you to celebrate with
our kids and our friends and we had such
a great night and we're going to go
ahead and end it because we are tired
and it is late yes now it's not your
birthday I think it's like almost
midnight almost midnight so it's still
yes like any one minute so we'll just
kind of party protector right here on us
thank you guys so much for watching this
a week as we have celebrated our
birthdays you've celebrated a lot this
week thank you so much you guys tomorrow
thanks for watching bye I'm blurry bye
