good morning guys Ellie and I are so
grateful to have such a great week we'd
have some great news and we've had lots
of fun and with that we've out we've
actually found out some good news from
our friends Megan and Tyler one of our
IVF grant winners they just found out
that they were pregnant and this is just
seems so exciting and so we'll have a
link to their video in the description
down below Ellie is out with the kids
getting them all situated Ellie and I
knew that when we did this
IVF grant that there will be a lots of
ups and downs even just doing the
contest there were lots of ups and downs
we're starting to experience that again
John and Joan just announced that they
lost their baby and our hearts are with
them
it's sad news it's terrible news and
words can't describe how they are
feeling and what goes along with that
but John and Joan know that we are
thinking about you our thoughts are with
you and our prayers are with you and I
know it would go a long way to you know
send them some support some words of
comfort and with that I'll have all have
their YouTube channel and their
Instagram link down below I think they
would appreciate it so I wanted to let
you guys know that life can be joyful
and fun but it also can be hard and
difficult but having people around you
and surround you with love is the best
thing thank you guys
and
you
would it be so cute to have bears with
their matching pajamas what do you want
to do Jack markets Captain America you
want to do a Power Ranger and Calvin
wants to do Batman
say Batman
a
with an ear
but the heart or no make a big wish and
give a big kiss
right inside
yeah
you
today is our last day at Disneyland last
day that wasn't so bad
it was so crazy stuff but we did it so
much I think we hit every single ride
that we wanted to maybe even more than
once when we're actually leaving a night
early we were going to stay and then
leave tomorrow go to Brighton entities
but we're like we got everything done we
wanted to so so we're gonna be done
happy birthday intermission day yes hi
mommy
yesterday was Ellie's birthday and
tomorrow's my birthday so it's our
birthday intermissions day
look right there guys see the babies
guys
Calvin do see it yeah cool what should I
get for my birthday you want to give you
a your birthday oh my gosh you always I
should get my life side all on my
birthday look we're putting dryer shoes
on and he goes dad for your birthday you
you want a car race car and like Mickey
Mouse and all the things that Jackson
likes huh I got lots of toys yes you did
did you have fun at Disneyland buddy I
tell them did you have fun Michael we
are gonna go see your friend Oliver are
you excited yeah good I couldn't tell I
had no idea that you were so excited
what gave it away
Wow yeah delicious you try yeah it's an
acquired taste should we go tell should
go mister let's go a lot of people have
been asking us like on the street and in
the vlog where we got our light-up shoes
these are geez these are Kanye West's
shoes right people see this little dirty
yeah people have been like are those kid
Yeezys I don't know nope they're
light-up shoes but yeah we got them on
the park savers website I'll have a link
to it down below like where we booked
our tickets where we got the hotel we
got the shoes I'll have all of that
linked down below but for now we've got
a long drive ahead of us and we're going
to go see our friend
and le you've got to come back here can
you believe how awesome our friends are
would you look at this look at all this
stuff in here
red wine sweetest fish dr. pepper yeah
yeah is that like a baby is that a baby
job and look beauty IP i graph it acting
passing the baby is that so like the
baby will cook is that you yeah are not
even wasting any time you're cute was
you know whether you I think it's like a
baby job no no let's goes along with it
Oh what we want you to make unrolled oh
no I started like a baby joke like when
we have an enroll one's over all right I
mean like doesn t make like the bass
rolls like her mom's recipe is sagging
and I mean Ryan D is the biggest metal
ball we have we don't want have one is
quite as big but that should do a big
bowling uh-oh give me girls that sounds
like a great idea yeah that's hilarious
round 2 of the lightsaber battles
without fun boys yeah that was good
acting Jackson I'm so impressed good
triumphs over evil yet again we have
left Disneyland we are here at right now
Missy's house it is so nice the kids are
all it is the kids are playing we got
eggs from the coop Orion some crackers
and cheese and we're having spaghetti
for dinner because tonight he what are
we gonna do
spaghetti such a nice easy fun meal yeah
and these rich crackers I've said this a
thousand times but every time I eat as
crackers or reminds me of Sundays at my
house growing up okay between baby butts
and baby feet it kind of stinks over
here as well hear from granular
afternoon snack in the trees look at his
little butt I can't get over Finn a
chunky monkey
whoa Jackson that was a sweet hip dude
yeah Oh looking caramel ringing right
back Horace whoa dude that was such a
good hit come here you miss penny
I miss penny to be ready go what good
hit but it was a white one any sign
extra tolerance and you went up and down
on the horse and you went in around in
circles do you remember that right do
you remember
and taker mm-hmm t w got fur which my
just tries to describe x-rays on finger
to the extra over there just looking at
okay this is okay if it weren't all done
when did you shoot the balls on the toy
story right yeah that was pretty cool
huh and you had the glasses on but they
took ours even come on resiliency
usually keep that blue ball that dress
is awful so a few months ago we actually
worked with what was it called connects
care tonight care so were you like call
a doctors over the phone so we're at
Brandon issues and see store to go to
the garage and visually heavy and
Jackson opened it and walked out and to
tender still around on his finger really
bad it was a pretty sight to be called
and run doctors like well I are going to
extra eventually with what it looks like
to music but for now I just tie the two
fingers together and so we came down in
Sioux County took x-rays are waiting to
hear back but we're all done all done
with it so that was really sad in your
finger was very very blue yeah it
actually does so I think it'll be okay
is that your finger is that your finger
is there yeah do you want to know
something
yeah do you see these things right here
yeah those are your bones in your body
oh and you see that circle right there
that's Betty's ring huh what's cool huh
Molly oh I'm in here who said just daddy
which is probably good thing I would be
in here anyway
well and they specifically said I
shouldn't I said I don't know but
there's a chance she might know about to
find out from what I can tell which
you're plenty of experience were United
what happened to it was you got your
fingers smashed in the door
I have performance and Evelyn flying
neck
that neither Yamashiro Amaro and
observable call in my role I met someone
she was about yeah you know the doctors
going to come in and tell gonna be okay
meet us we can do that ready set up I'm
I see nothing you're broken yeah I think
it'll be better though this looks and
he's acting much better than you please
move in a credibly minutes ago and put
your favorite balls when you can keep it
forever and ever you say the cutest
things sometimes you know that alright
alright you good I think you'll be okay
no she still is little ginger with it
yeah haha I got their honda night yeah
you're okay
well that's the coolest ride ever why go
to Disneyland when ollie can pull you
around the kitchen see ya all of the
kids are in bed and we have them all in
bed asleep before 8:30 what huge parent
wins we are playing the Nintendo switch
in Missy and Ellie are trying to crack
safes they're practicing for our ocean
15 event that we're going to be doing I
can't talk too much about it because I
don't want to be an accomplice in this
okay you guys having fun who's winning
Oh Missy has won already come on Midtown
come on step it up okay with slide now
so we're going to go ahead and in the
vlog right here thank you guys so much
for watching the video today big thanks
to Brian and Missy for letting us crash
at their places weekend we'll see you
guys tomorrow be sure to check the
description for all of the stuff we're
linking a lot of stuff today and we will
see you guys later
thanks for watching bye say bye Missy
say bye say bye Missy say
who
