yeah he gets his news to me yeah I'm a
good dancer Ellie I'm a good dancer okay
it's a beautiful day Ellie Ellie today
is your birthday thank you would you say
is it our birthday week you know your
mommy's birthday today it's only mommy's
birthday today don't worry we're all
going to have fun now okay
but mommy's going to have lots of fun
right now we're going to go down we're
going to grab some breakfast and then I
have scheduled a little massage for
Ellie to enjoy which is perfect because
you have been hurting happening yes it
was the park my back's been hurting so
this is perfect so today I don't get it
he was so mesmerized my mic's go say hi
to Mickey yay
Jacqueline - that is it's like watching
our videos are our thanks ditch say
bye-bye can say by coming bye-bye
who's that bus that's mini-moon
going to come over oh my goodness
it's a Minnie Mouse oh my goodness you
just get you oh yeah she did that's so
sweet of Minnie oh my goodness hi Minnie
how are you you say hey I think my kids
are blessing oh my goodness is that so
cool no thanks Minnie so good to see you
hi Minnie
because having Minnie Mouse like there's
a lot you can do on occasion whether
Jack
Oh sister is car down oh no girl husband
oh good golly Oh going to right there
thanks Sally
so Brian and Missy told us to come here
to California Adventure and there is a
huge play area that I had no idea we
didn't we're right outside our hotel
yeah I had no idea this was here I was
like no I called mistake four times
where is it stay to the right Dave is
right well if you didn't know I didn't
pass my driver's license test and he
said go right and I went left that's
that this is why he woke up at 5:30 this
morning he's intense look about 5:30 so
he has launched on me he's your birthday
yes thank you Jared doing massage for
your birthday - yes well I said well
he's like I knew quickie massage I said
was lucky one - because it's her
birthday so he's doing his now and we're
playing as the kids all right Jackson is
venturing in to this huge play area
yeah there's even like a huge fridge
over here it goes all the way there'd be
whole other section I just feel like
misty piss you Paul
yeah he's gonna lose something I'll be
right behind him all right Jackson
climbed all the way up he's getting
ready to go down the slide
huge wooden slide water will you be okay
go do it again I'll be right to your
watching you are crazy k you cuties
Calvin's awake let's go find a slide for
you bye
Jax is all the way up at the top he lost
a shoe
oh what a good boy you waited for me to
downtown oh I'm so tired how did you get
all the way up here
was that amazing or one good thing that
made me aware it could be anything where
did you think of that show Brandon the
crd chaos at Disneyland
so mr. Salinger what places we need to
go today we're going to finish up a few
things here we'll see you guys on Friday
party we're going to come party at your
house maybe lobster club tomorrow we
have some plans tomorrow but if you get
done a little sooner your music will
calm down sooner
happy birthday schmoozing boo it's your
birthday screwsie's ooh
was that fun Calvin did you have fun
have fun Jackson okay well we've got a
big surprise for you
hey we're going to I think writing to
become a pretty special right now you're
about to find out
you seem so out there you see spider-man
should we go meet him that sounds fun
you want to go meet spider-man too right
yes we do that's a good boy
that's nice oh just America - I think we
can see both of them I think that'd be
fun would you like to see both of them
okay
it's not every day you get to meet a
superhero like that Jackson is
practicing his spider webs and I told
Jackson I said my back hurts really bad
because it is Ravi I said I want you to
see him be a good boy for me and what
did you ask me you sat down you said are
you better oh so nice of you but yeah my
back goes to over you this is the last
line walk on that we're gonna stand
silly today
that was so awesome with a knife and
they were strong huh they were cool
Captain America's all humble if you
notice all the boys were the superheroes
Jackson would Pat Calvin's head in he
was introducing his little brother
superheros which I thought was very tiny
well hello car store we have spent the
last few days on rides we pretty much
wrote every ride we have wanted to and
watching that Jackson kept saying is I
want to go to the car toy store and
that's what I want to do today is come
into the car toy store he wrote all the
car rides yesterday and we're going to
check out a car to go along with his
other hundreds of cards at home that's a
big Lightning McQueen that sounds a
remote control you can drive that one
Jackson that's cool are you gonna find a
car to Cal one is it one that can get
very jealous look how big that remote
control
a special Jackson mud was that one
called Jackson go on
you want to get that one because as your
name on it happened to be one with
Calvin in it is there oh that's cute so
Larry thank you and Jackson requests
when he got the cars all he wanted he's
in Disneyland all he wanted to do his
cars and play with it in the log in
Mexico but we rode the right tons
yesterday so that's exactly what we're
doing both of them are out
it's quite a selfie I went to move the
cars in reopens izalith never mind is
like your neighbors like no no no no no
Jerry I have a little scrapper good to
hear me a snap and talk this is the
lobby of our hotel it's so fun they have
a TV over there with a bunch of little
kid chairs in front of it so kids can
watch them show they have a guy playing
the piano which is like my favorite
thing because like he has Disney music
interlude throughout all of his
performances and it's like it makes the
spirit of their name like my birthday
that I mean this is a lemon liquid this
is a boy one and this is the thigh one
and we get to both my art yeah it
happens then he's mad he's touching the
way we are at downtown busy getting
ready to get in for our birthday dinner
you're dizzy red the kids are kind of
walking along this big flower bed being
here and something that I really wanted
to do is when we got here Downtown
Disney is really cool they have tons of
food shopping to have the biggest
build-a-bear over there and the kids
have done those a great before but this
smells of air is really called the devil
a lot of people yo Dre more than
Seki dip I want to do that do I want to
take the kids to the car shop I watched
you build a bear so see how they're
doing after dinner but that was really
fun yes they have liked music and it's
just to play some music
it's just fun to be here
yeah he gives us news for me yeah I'm a
good dancer Ellie I'm a good dancer okay
whoa it's buin s all right boys how have
you like sleeping together good pretty
good boys you're having a little
late-night snack but you know what can
you guys sing happy birthday because I
would love to hear my boy sing happy
birthday to me thank you
happy happy happy
Oh
rejection good try Thank You Love and
Calvin have a new food whoa Wow that
snack I love you boys happy for a Thank
You Jared I love you if it's my birthday
in a daddy's birthday soon okay for both
of us okay let's hear it
see nice day see you happy next day hey
mommy daddy's hat big big thank you
thanks thank you
so I tell you I've told you guys this
before Jackson always asked tell me
about when I was a baby so he just asked
again and he was repeating the story of
him touching the fireplace at grandma
grandpa's and that's going back home and
you were crying that was a year ago that
was might when he was like his age two
years yeah and I told him that like a
week ago he remembers so you know why I
get to tell you when you were a baby
when we were trying to get pregnant with
you it was this day four years ago I
keep saying three four years ago I had a
sad birthday I cried because I thought
that I lost you because I saw that big
egg and that it was gone but we actually
got pregnant with Samara you for the egg
and you were just so man holding a
little little and then we found out I
keep the day before Mother's Day we were
pregnant with you they sent them you
have been a blessing in our life the
guys for my birthday for Jared Fitchett
I wanted to have like one last like big
hurrah with the two kids for sure was up
to me he had an energy and I wanted to
be a kid and I go like on a fabric trip
and we decided to go to Disneyland
that's a very good decision we've had a
really good few days here I love my kids
and this is what I wanted for my
birthday I bonus hopefully for my
birthday we would emulate suit and then
maybe get pregnant and have a baby so
that was our plan so we'll see how that
goes
happy birthday to my love thank you love
you guys we're going to go ahead and say
can i kids are going to bed outside our
window okay watch and the kids are
asleep I said quietly oh they will her
best we're gonna order some cheesecake
watch movie I love movies yeah okay
we're gonna say a few more stories and
go to bed you figure nice to my friends
you guys good night good night
