okay thank you
Rosie with you right now
she broken up glasses I was just telling
him at Easter about a dress she said and
this is really cool that we did it have
an extra fun things like this
Wow yeah happy Easter guys thank you
okay let's go get Calvin who should he
go Kay Muskogee Calvin and show him
because these pieces
hi buddy sure that's like a good morning
a stretch wake up yeah we actually we've
got Calvin at because we're gonna go to
Grandma's mm-hmm and she isn't cooking
for a while don't wish you something
special Calvin
what do you see but oh wow does that
look so cool and you can hold on to the
bar here
feeling unstable now hold hold that line
up there buckaroo this is a tee ball and
bat for us to play outside so you can
swing it really really hard outside kay
that sound good good morning penny oh
you look awful
oh that's sweet that's cute garrison
she's like but mom I just want to play
with the ball just like the boys yeah
yeah I think we switched them there you
go that's yours right there because this
your spiderman bucket and this is Calvin
there you go Calvin Jackson you even got
a little but this one right here the
Berenstain Bears book you like
traversing bears huh yeah it's got a
cooler climate navall Jackson should we
take this over to Grandma and Grandpa's
house and hit the ball yeah and was my
student
right now that's what we're going to do
I think that's a great idea should we go
okay it's like he read our mind okay
family Happy Easter
I'm just gonna sit this is going to be
so much fun for them downstairs I know
good morning is is the first time you
see my hair it's ridiculous this is
gonna be so fun for them to have
downstairs to just like sit and jump on
I'm so excited something that has that
you guys can bring whatever you want we
can bring everything if you guys want it
let's go yeah there you go
we getting the hang of it
so you guys will be doing flips over and
under and around and then downtown less
ways and sideways and up ways and down
ways good morning honey
happy Easter you're such a good girl
aren't you yes you are Happy Easter good
girl Mannie good morning and happy
Easter we are at my parents house and we
are going to make pancakes well actually
mom and dad are going to make pancakes
yeah that's what we're gonna do yeah
well Ellie and I distribute for the
Easter egg hunt you're ready to do them
yeah I'm so excited look how cute they
are just like sitting that way happy
you boys spot anything which they see oh
hey should we go get our buckets and
fill them up with eggs that we can find
okay when Grandma and Grandpa are ready
we'll come outside and we'll go and pick
them all up and I'm into already one
casualty
ah
we put in Calvin's bucket brothers hey
you can't say egg yeah alright to the
victors go the spoils
guys how many eggs did you get today and
how many eggs did you guys get yesterday
yeah you got lots more today than you
did yesterday how should we take these
inside and open them yeah should go
inside boys okay oh that's sweet
Oh what kind of egg is that a little bit
of Barbara burger was this fun guys
good I'm glad you had fun this is I open
done he puts him in his mouth and pops
it open who are you watching something
Calvin knows how to do it he knows how
to play there
yeah yeah like okay I'm gonna go 80s in
peace where Jackson can't take any from
me you're gonna put your left hand on
the bottom like huh
you know put your right hand over the
top like that okay right here okay three
they go Jackson is God Jackson
go for the happy gilmore Singh well it's
important that you keep your eye on the
ball okay oh that's a good swing here
Jackson it is just about time for church
and we are getting the kids ready and
this is what they are wearing today
this is Jackson's outfit and Calvin is
getting dressed right now oh wow don't
you look so handsome
yeah your turn
Oh
we say this in the name of Jesus Christ
amen
yeah how has a college gone you want got
young you deserve with the cool bunnies
on it you have to be all of our dinner
good I like Castro because I want to
thank Ellie for making this delicious
meal it looks so good we've got some
fruit corn casserole and some ham and
we've made them into little sandwiches
with the rolls and I want to let you
guys know how grateful I am for you
especially on today where family is very
important oh you okay bud your leg
what's wrong with your leg buddy you
okay oh did you hit your shin on the
corner I'm sorry buddy you're going to
be okay
okay I love you Jackson and I'm grateful
for you okay and I was just saying that
I'm grateful for my family especially on
days like today okay
that's my fork silly pants McGee wow I
love you guys today is Easter Sunday and
as much fun as we've been having with
each regs and painting and color and all
of these activities I think it's really
important to remember what the Easter
weekend is really about and that's about
the resurrection of Jesus Christ now
this is something that Ellie and I and
our family always want to remember but
especially on this day this weekend
Easter Sunday we want to celebrate the
hand that save us from our falling and
our failings and on our sorrows and our
since like I said this is important to
us family is important to us and his
resurrection is important to us we
believe that families can be together
forever and a huge part of that is
because his resurrection and I want to
let you guys know that it is important
to us and we wanted to wish you a very
happy Easter you having so much fun on
that oh you're so cute
soon you're going to be doing like
backflips and front flips and aerials
and brownies and all sorts of things
whoo that was awesome
are you like the Energizer Bunny you
just keep going and going and going and
going
yes burn through the energy let the
energy flow through you the surface let
him have a certain that you can jump hey
guys you take two minutes and pick up
the basement that's a good idea mama you
know what I have so much fun with you
today did you guys have fun Wow yeah
again I'm glad well we've got a fun day
plan for tomorrow so you guys need to go
to bed okay I know but we're going to
have fun tomorrow okay so can you take a
night tour friends good Calvin Q say bye
to our friends okay good night I hope
that you guys have had an enjoyable
Easter Sunday we had a great day and a
pretty crazy intense evening we were
trying to get a laundry done - how to
pick that pack why are we joy of yatha
because we're going to do so Brigid saw
the kids in the mornings they're going
to go on an airplane which I think
Jackson is going to love it Reese penny
where are you penny
sir did you see her face Teddy can you
take it over here if you're fine we'll
review your panic do it with so we are
going to drop penny off tomorrow morning
at Jarrod's parents they're going to
watch penny for us while we were gone
look like she was bending down as I
excuse me
like what don't poop on our rug anyway
so she's going to go with yours parent
so that'll be really nice for Hershel
hug grass a yard and your parents are
really good with their home No thank you
guys so much for watching we will see
you tomorrow on our trip to Disney thank
I'm over here at here oh thank you okay
here bye
