welcome please particular good morning
how are you how are you how are you
penny want you to say hi hi hi well good
morning guys
Calvin and I just finished vacuuming and
I have to tell you so remember like a
few weeks ago we took tiny to get
groomed and they did the verminator
conditioning on her and it like it's
supposed to reduce hair by like 80
percent or something off the counter
so I usually vacuum lunching downstairs
and every other day upstairs with like
the hardwood floor the kids the hair
what not upstairs needs a little bit
more and I have noticed a night and day
difference with penny getting that
little treatment done it was so great
but there's really not that much hair
it's like this is velvet it's like
that's totally a hair collector but like
I feel like it's really not that bad and
we brush her I feel like every other
days what we've been trying to do it's
been good it's going to be so nice and
that's like not dirt outside I can tell
already that's once will have grass it's
going to be even better like keep up
clean stuff so anyway we've got a fun
day ahead we vacuumed positive vacuum of
course we're going to get ready for a
fun Friday afternoon of pictures and
game
Drey for now ready for no no no don't
give me huh good night good night I was
gonna present particular just given hey
rock-and-roller
how was school today did you do anything
fun show-and-tell
what did you show and what did you tell
uh-huh that's so cool you like to show
off your cars don't check you have a lot
of hot wheels one of these days we're
going to make a hot track can you say I
can't wait for the future
yeah one of the things that I don't like
about shaving even though overall I do
enjoy it is how much time it can take
okay for you we're going to make this
very quick one two three what do you
think most of you probably can't even
tell because I really don't grow that
much facial hair this one for K you
could probably tell that I lost doesn't
work so anyway that was a lot faster
than one actually happened that was
YouTube magic you guys Christmas what
are the chances are you're taking family
photos and the kids monetarily jump on
your lap and goat cheese I'm naturally
little damn lock it lock it lock sales
we're trying to take a few photos
because we're getting up for us
hey that's a secret Ellie that's a
secret you can't reveal that we're get
Calvin leaving what you said it was just
Jared and I on the couch then the kids
junk I laughing like thank you I feel
like they're like professional oh my god
no way
they're good
we are all done with pictures and Ellie
is in Colin's room with Jackson and
Calvin and they are reading a book while
they are reading I set some cool Easter
activities up you got one right here one
right here and one right here and these
are challenges this isn't just your
normal user activity these are straight
up family feud challenges and I'm about
to let the guys know that we're ready to
take on a challenge and get ready to
rock and roll
hi guys you guys ready I've got some fun
stuff planned for you guys okay let's go
okay so we've got three challenges set
up so here is the first station and boys
this is what you do okay we have ten
jelly beans inside this Cup now your job
is to take the straws and suck up the
jelly bean just like mommy's about to do
and put it in the next one the person
who does all tend to fastest is the
winner
okay okay you ready okay let's have mom
go first she'll show us exactly how to
do it and then the rest of us will have
okay okay ready right are you ready mom
yep on your mark get set go
you think that's up here one trip I'll
Drive you're strong lift it up try and
drink it has to flip it up okay do it
again do to get jacks that's kind of
hard for the camera just gonna say this
is a little bit more fun for me spring
eat and we'll go on to the next round
creamy that will go to the next round
ready that's all Elvis I give you a lot
of time this is strokin your route
you're done five is five on your mark
get set go
I can fly okay so this next one that
we're going to do is similar to sack
racing but this is bunny hop racing so
the boys are going to go first
and there's two pillowcases at the very
end over there they're going to race in
the pillowcases to the blue mats that
are just right here you'll see them and
the first one to get to the blue net is
the winner can you show me so far like a
bomb she packed it yeah good job have it
can you hop like a bunny
Jackson pop like the Vanessa bunny ha
good job okay okay so bunnies show you
how to do it Chavan watch mama so you
put your feet in the pillowcase sinful
the pillowcase now don't run don't be
hot okay show them how do you want to
try that hot take your house yeah good
job got to get your feet all the way at
the bottom there you go okay and the
first person to get to the blue couches
is the winner go go go hey Jackson keep
going Calvin keep going keep hopping hop
hop to the blue yeah
ready on your mark go
good job Calvin you guys are so good
yes mommy and daddy have to race and
there's a longer route for us for me and
Ellie we're going to start and we're
going to end at the same place but we
have a couple laps that we need to do
okay so this is what we're going to do
we're going to start here and we're
going to follow this and we're going to
hang a right here okay and then we're
going to come around this side and then
we're going to come around here
obviously just left will be move and
then we're going to come this way and
then we're going to go a long shot to
the blue cushion okay
we had decided to add an obstacle to
this course and we're going to let penny
in I see how she does with this so is it
time to get away
oh yes you buy ice cream okay here is
the last and final challenge of the
evening are you guys ready for this one
this is all about balancing eggs on
spoons okay
so we're going to take that same path
now the mommy and daddy just did and
we're going to go through and try and
see if we can make it through the whole
puzzle without dropping so orange is
going to be Daddy green is going to be
Calvin blue is going to be Jackson and
yellow is going to be mommy okay all
right so let's go to the starting point
in the same place that we did this
running operation okay let me see that
egg so Meg how did you not lose that oh
no I need a baby who do it again okay
okay we're having so much fun we decided
to do one more activity we are going to
have the kids go into bedroom Ellie and
I are going to hide an egg and they're
going to come out and try and find it
and then I think we'll switch team
you boys hide an egg and mommy and I
will try and find it sound good okay
let's do it this is some fun I love this
come with me Jackson mommy and daddy are
going to hide the eggs and we'll tell
you when you can smell the new bedroom
let's go boys mommy and daddy will tell
you when to come out okay
so stay here we'll be right back Calvin
doesn't get the concept of why we just
struck him in his room and closed the
door yes
I mean here Jack to go here you go Cal
you're like trying to control him okay
okay so I put in their eggs cereal the
kids love this is all they want looks
like play with them Cal very common
Calvin did you realize that we were
doing it to like have a pet to be fine
she's from out it okay ready go buy net
there's four eggs or three eggs you got
to find them there's four I guess
whoever find them gets to get down to so
I did too
can your childhood over here you got it
look really hard OOP got one buns right
in
come look right here and all the tight
spots did you fight your blue ones
how do you find it anywhere there's
another like you want to look for it
oops is that funny I put cereal in there
is no funding okay Jax there's one more
hidden really good if you want to go
look for it
we'll see who finds it we'll see who
finds it you look really good I keep
Calvin found the last date you want to
hide them for mommy and daddy okay you
hide them and then we'll find them for
ready
is this what I see you just hit this and
he said what's in there I wonder why are
you being so goofy could you're so cute
you know what tomorrow the talent is
having a really fun piece try cutting
that we'll go to in the morning I think
you all go ahead and call it a night I
had fun with my family my kids and those
do a fun afternoon of being together and
we're going to continue to do just that
while you're getting tonight on the
couch we watch you watch some movies on
the couch but a lot of times it'll be so
late that we'll go in our room and like
fall asleep but like our couch is really
comfortable I watch a movie for couch I
know just a movie - what do I think
surrounding eyes follow my Instagram
story maybe I'm a legitimate online
person thanks for watching guys and
we'll see tomorrow happy Easter weekend
sign
