jackman you don't walk down the slide
you sit on your bum and you slide down
the slide that's what they call it a
slide good morning guys happy Thursday
it is a beautiful day today it's it's
going to be like 70 plus degrees today
and we're so excited we're getting ready
for Easter weekend and we're getting off
haircuts Jackson already got his cut and
now he's riding his bike Calvin you
looking handsome aren't you buddy
so I went up side to go check the mail
real quick and I'm not I'm not wearing a
shirt because I'm about to get my
haircut done and I was kind of nervous
because like my name is don't see me
without a shirt on or just walk around
down my shirt on but as soon as I got
outside into the Sun it was just like
just feel so good like I cannot wait for
the summer for the warm weather and it's
like upon us right now
Utah please keep your weather this way
what do you think of that I think it was
great nice and crispy always just do a
middle for him uh he doesn't have much
Erica goe
it grows more on the right side than the
left always that's funny
so Calvin gets to watch Peppa Pig when
he gets a haircut what do I get a watch
mummy he's touching very cold yep
yeah it's chilly in the shade but in the
Sun that's really nice are you gonna put
a cape on me like Superman okay try that
are there dinosaurs on it
no there's dancers on that'll work so
they sit in the sight I take Astra cute
clothes I'm okay watching better thing
to something would like it I can't wait
to go today I'm so excited I sure am
watching has a big with Calvin you wanna
work Peppa Pig
right there
did it get on your arms acne there was
celebration well let's see over there
there's something about getting a fresh
haircut that just makes you feel so good
and crisp and clean and ready to train
your puppy right penny I'm actually
impressed we didn't do any training
sessions yesterday because we were gone
most of the day and she did really good
for being far away from that point and
then coming right to that spot I know
I'm standing right there and that's just
part of the shaping so as you get as she
gets better at it we get further and
further away and we introduce the more
realistic sounds like the doorbell and
the knocking so all in all I'm proud of
you young lady you're a good nail lady
aren't you you're a good girl
yeah I just like Calvin down for a nap
and it is about lunchtime and Ellie told
you guys earlier about this thing called
winter farms where she gets groceries
delivered like certain kinds of
groceries delivered every week ever
since we hung out with Mike and Ashley
and had dinner at their house they have
salmon and quinoa schnitz just delicious
so good so we ordered some salmon from
this winter farm thing and I just cooked
some up and I'm anxious to try it
because it looks really really good and
salmon is kind of like I like to have
the kid but I didn't love as a kid and
it's kind of like growing and more
more on me as I get older and older also
Ellie made this salad I don't know what
you would call it but it has some
cucumbers it has some guacamole and
whatever those Brown things are and I
think some cilantro
I don't know parsley or cilantro one of
those - butter so I'm snacking on that a
little bit
I'm eating some salmon to lunch and I
think this is pretty healthy lunch for
Jared oh and I forgot one thing
Ellie is that the dentist right now and
she is worried that she has the cavity
so I want you guys to place your bets
right now will Ellie have a cavity or
will Ellie be cavity free if she does
have a cavity how many of you think
leave a comment down below and we'll ask
her soon as she gets back hi
I left some salmon for you and I kind of
made a bet kind of how many cavities do
you have I have one that I got fixed
uh-huh and he said there's too small as
you can see I need to oh so I'm a
dentist because I didn't want to go our
trip with my tooth hurting and it hurt
just a tiny bit and when he was going to
send us it I was like do we need to shop
this because sometimes they're so little
you don't you have to have a shot so I
want my mouth and I'm for our stuff
tonight I don't really want that news I
already know this is a medium-sized
cavity good let's start with it and if
you want to get one you can and the
whole time I was like oh was it painful
oh yeah oh he did it and I did again
good yeah good I was gonna say your
smile looks good I don't like being numb
and I want to like enjoy my night and
have like a headache
well cuz then you smile you're like and
I wouldn't want to come home any for
those of you guys could guess that she
had a cavity you are the winner today
what this is not good you don't like the
salmon okay so we I thought it was great
we bought salmon at Sam's Club or Costco
and like packages yeah this is from
Linder farms I told them this is from
winders fun and I don't really like this
I really like to stuff from Sam's Club
that's funny because I thought it was
great I mean it's not like the worst
that I don't love it's like not my
favorite take one more bite and be done
and done
also step of this water and
you
what interesting experience we just have
elements like your are all smiles right
now aren't you and you are cute get back
in your space your second listing we
came down to the small area where Ellie
and I actually did our pottery we've got
to pick those up because they're having
like an Easter get together today and as
soon as we got here kids had meltdown
and it was so like out of character for
both of them the way it was
yeah it's not usually that extremely
ball for life we're just like what's
going on and the wind is blowing like 40
miles per hour and they didn't like it
we didn't like it Riddick like what do
we do I invite you got to do of my hands
but as soon as we met up with our
friends Sam and Jenica know what like I
was looking for the wheels are bring to
it done oh my gosh as soon as the boys
on Noah there's like okay I'm glad like
I'm happy I'm not a child so we're here
we're about to have some dinner we're
going to go play gonna be great you
excited but yeah that's a great idea
they have something they have lots of
games out there so no complaining
Jackson specifically requested to sit
next to Jenica yeah he did yeah oh he's
playing hard to get you're gonna have to
work pretty hard to Knight Jenica while
we're waiting for our food I thought I'd
run over the pottery place and grab our
stuff so we can show it extends and see
their reactions to a real quick
oh I think I see I think that seam line
right there
you
in a second I want to go show them your
gymnastics tricks okay show us all your
tricks but can you show us your horrible
can you do a forward roll yeah yeah yeah
are you having fun Cal yeah they caught
prizes so we are here at Farmington
station it's sometimes a little booths
around and the kids can like earn a
prize or a treat surprise did you get
jacked up all and we're going to go over
there and do a little snack go grab the
bean bag you throw it in the bunny yeah
good job try again yeah I don't know how
you missed yeah good job
here you go but okay whoo good job oh
nice
kind of easy when you're that close
let's go get a treat good job yeah while
we were standing in line for the bean
bag off Calvin was dying to eat the
bunny you want to go through the bunny
now yeah we go seven line for the bunny
yeah
here should we get some bunny ears on
your head for some funny here's Kate
Jackson go get some bunny ears perfect I
see that yeah
I love I'm not a boy toys come to bed
with teddy bears Oh
make out say bye bye say buh-bye we got
not just me to see ever looks of animals
you got the grandma grandpa or grandma
grandpa was so fun
we have Nestle there we go Calvin that
was so cute to see Jackson was that
really fun I liked that one you like
that funny
I do too that was so sweet
you love this like cuddles like spell on
him
Jackson you don't walk down the slide
you sit on your bum and you slide down
the slide that's what they call it a
slide they're grippy okay so don't your
bum and going down the slide so everyone
else could go silly what it kid I feel
like we've made this drive like ten
times I do like it I do I mean driving
through the canyon it's beautiful but I
feel like I've driven it so much that my
mind just kind of goes on like autopilot
and I'm just like thank you Joe good
yeah and I'm just like where am i what
am i doing you ready to go inside you
guys had a good day okay penny you still
here we're okay boys in this bag is
something fun and exciting them mommy
and daddy named Jackson why are you
running away from me I'm trying to show
you the cool stuff Calvin in his bag of
some stuff some mommy and daddy made you
guys want to see this stuff it's going
to be pretty fun I think you'll like
especially what daddy made okay but
before we look at those we've got to do
something even more important case we've
got a brochure to eat lots of sweets
today so we're brushing our teeth sex
and what is the dentist's say oh yeah
okay open wide alllll Calvin literally
ran to his bedroom as soon as we were
done brushing our teeth and I think he
wants to go to bed himself Calvin don't
you want to see what we're doing
you want to stay here oh you just you
can't even see but he just cuddle up
closer to Ellie okay well I'm going to
show Jackson okay you can see in the
morning okay ready okay do you want to
see what's inside this up okay this is
one that mommy made you know what this
is what is it yeah it's a heart and this
right here can hold her ring this is
another thing nominated okay an oval
plate it's an egg plate seconds big
easter egg
I was rumored that the pink would be
really really light but look how much
more vibrant that pink is okay now are
you ready for this one we just want the
bad I don't say closer eyes I'm going to
be a zigzag right do you like that yes
done you're spider-man cow thank you and
Daddy can share it that's so cool do you
like it
see there's spider-man guys and then on
the back look at the back is that cool
that's so awesome love look at them he
loves it so here's the spider-man cuff
it has a handle and that's it yes and
you put like milk or juice or dr. pepper
in it and you drink it so this is what
we make yeah what'd you say you're so
happy I made that oh my gosh so nice for
me to say here we'll put some milk
okay why is it extra good because it
comes from a spider-man cup Cheers hey
DJ goodbye your friend goodbye
I just put Jackson in his room for bed
his nightlight is so cool right Jackson
I loved your nightlight on your ceiling
huh well point it to the ceiling
this is the network that we got from him
do you love it this is our block today
guys hope that you had a good day I hope
that you have a good fun Easter weekend
we have a lot of fun the lighting these
plans for the kids tomorrow so we will
see you guys then bye bye
