oh I'm going to go ahead and turn off
the water then I'm definitely going to
go ahead and turn off the water
you know you the narration Calvin
Jackson Jackson it is not where your
underpants the school day let's go get
your excuse
let's go get dressed
sometimes for school you have pajama day
you have messy hair day and sometimes
you have poopy pants our day judges and
running around out if your underwear on
your head
are you excited to school today
it saves us here teacher yeah we have
some fun plans when you come home okay
what she was at the fair yeah and do we
listen to her scene yeah yeah she had
pretty boy yeah here's a Russian key
into your hair you read fast as you can
I just switched my laundry over and this
is what came out of Jackson's pants
quarter a rock and a car
his favorite items will be right there
for him when you get home oh hi grandma
helping you just got I want to get off
what do you say please get off we came
in at height to Mon playing in her
beautiful backyard dad's at work isn't
just a beautiful day today yes it is so
pretty mom I'm working hard in the yard
yet you look so pretty
Jackson I want to ask you how preschool
was this is so cool it's so cute seeing
you sit over here eatin your snacks did
you do an Easter egg hunt today
did everyone go and get eggs huh I think
you take it a lot to eggs wow I like
that
Oh even a candy sell for Calvin oh are
you sharing your candy with him
that's nice
she won't give it to you then she's
trying throughout for you
Ultimo she had both of a minaret oh
that's fine I'll just have the one
are those that's painful yeah we won't
tell we'll put him up enough get one
we'll make sure to keep all this lab
running before we put it back in the
kids are still enjoying the candy
Jackson you are so good at sharing that
was so nice of you you like traveling
need about half of them just got a visa
oh oh yeah
and now we wait Oh we'll see
I doubt it yes better than we'll see I
done there Betty do it do it right so
Ellie and the kids are outside playing
right now and I came inside because I'm
solidifying some some big plans that we
have Ellie and I have a huge surprise
for the kids that we told you about
earlier but we haven't give you any
details about it but I'm too excited I
want to say it we next week for our
birthdays for Ellie's birthday and my
birthday
we are surprising the kids and we are
taking them to Disneyland that's right
we're going to Disneyland and I'm so
excited I'm solidifying everything right
now we have a place right on the resort
we're going to go to Disneyland we're
going to go to California Adventure it's
going to be the trip of a lifetime and
we're going to be there for a little
while so we're not going to be so rushed
going to and from different places it's
going to be great every time we've just
gone to the gate and bought tickets
there for a day but we're going to be
there for a little while so we asked
friends and family the best way to do it
and we did our research and we found out
that Park savers was a really really
great way to get tickets and hotel and
just have everything lined up for you
and we even saved a little money I
didn't even know you could get discounts
on Disney tickets so I'll have a link to
Park savers down below if you guys are
planning a Disney trip we went through
there I am so excited we're actually
part of the reason we're coming down
visiting Ally's mom is we're going down
and we're getting some stuff for the
trip and the kids still don't know yet
so this is going to be tons of that I'm
so excited to take the kids have your
birthday balls
are you pressure washing the bird poop
off my car there's a bunch of bird poop
on the handle Kelly said yeah she show
it to me and I am just a slob that's a
cool little thing you got so I think
there's only one thing that we need to
get to get ready for our trip we have
swimming suits we've got shorts got
clothes but what do we don't have to
show they fit is sandals and I have been
going online all week and I've had such
a hard time
the rain was stupid but we kind of need
some summer sandals so these are the
Keens that we found for the kids I think
will probably work what about you sweet
cow do you like us I actually do I like
the colors and I like the very good
support of there's no signs that I
should grow a little bit dependencies oh
okay okay she's at peace you don't want
to wear at preschool haha teaspoonful oh
you want to wear our preschool I think
we can do that you too
I mean they have sandal after sandal
after sandal for girls and for the boys
I've just seen the Keynes and these are
Tucker and Kate I wish that they have
like a little another type of sandal for
the boys but that work I like them
they're good
when Jackson was little it seemed like
an Kelvin but a lot with Jax it seemed
like we'd gone airplanes a lot and we
haven't violin an airplane and Lolly
even haven't been traveling you know for
conventions or anything Jax has been
hearing airplanes a lot because aunt
Bonnie were on an airplane and we read
airplane books every night before bed
that's your favorite book is the
airplane book he wants to get in his
cars he wants to get on an airplane he
wants to go visit his friend Oh Ollie
little does he know he might be able to
see him the end of next week
so we're going to go into a fun store
that I think might spark some fun themes
because I haven't heard or is that on
board uh your car the car story okay
have cars that's a favorite okay let's
go look around I don't think we'll buy
toys today but we'll go look okay see
must erase them
that sounds so fun let's go look because
I have a feeling that when we are at our
destination we are totes gonna buy some
fun toys there and I believe this is the
last flight you will ever take there has
to be a reason yeah yeah you will turn
to and then he what we will start trying
to pay for his receipt we're just going
to stop traveling at that no I like
holding and he'll actually Jackson half
the time at once we're flying in there
he'll get out to sea anyway and so on
our labs we like to check out the window
these guys have done really well I think
for as much as they travel oh no you
have to be a certain age before you
experience the village how is your
diversity
like I miss to be here here you go
much too good for children ah you know
what Jackman this is called the Disney
Store
you know I'm just looking over here and
I just think that depending could use a
little bit of water just control a
little bit maybe wash my hands a little
bit before I do it it's a turn up just a
smidgen more and then we'll go here and
I'm going to just water these rocks here
real quick just they were looking a
little dry so I thought I'd water them
maybe I'll put some water in paintings
bowl and maybe I'll put some water in
Penny's Bowl nope definitely going to
keep walking watering the rocks oh I'm
going to go ahead and turn off the water
then I'm definitely going to go ahead
and turn off the water now let's see you
the narration Calvin no I'm not quite
figuring out how to turn it the opposite
direction that I was before that now
definitely put some water in Penny's
bowl nope no I'm going to wash my hands
again now I'm ready to give penny some
water but I seem to have run out of
water I want to turn it back on and turn
on Joseph's smidgen juices smidgen but I
can't quite get it in the bowl at the
same time quite the conundrum I put
myself in here huh
well what am I gonna do now I'll just
pretend I guess yep
pertaining to water the rocks you said I
can I can do it cos I'm sucking well
because you smell too much Sun good well
MA thank you Dad good to see you
wholesome word hanging out mom made us
french toast with french bread which is
really cute this is double the French
double the phone she cut up a loaf of
French bread and it turned into a pen
you know anything he'll hop this off is
if we French kiss Oh kid your choice oh
I know that now that's beneath me Monica
eggs
you've always got bread so there's
always something to eat right right
are you guys giving goodnight kisses
have you oh my goodness
home sweet home we made it home and we
were just getting the kids ready for bed
coward he is downstairs I gotta show you
his pajamas they're stinking cute Calvin
just one more minute of play time that's
all I want is one more minute there you
are hi buddy comes from your pajamas
Turtles oh you say yeah yeah these are
toys this is such a mess down here can
you say bye-bye to our friends say
buh-bye friends
come give me kiss tonight mwah I love
you yeah I love you bye Calvin do you
have enough puppies to take the bed you
still got one more in his bedroom and
I'm sure he's gonna have one Oh God
it is two hours past these kids bedtime
they are tired we are exhausted so we
are going to bed thank you guys so much
for watching the video I hope you guys
are as excited for the surprise as we
are but alas we are going to bed thank
you guys so much for watching the video
and we will see you guys tomorrow bye
say bye bye thinking about it
