ah either you're not a good thrower I'm
not a good eater catcher cooter mm-hmm
that's I'm looking for things still
where are you gonna sit well fine bye
Jackson
that worked she want us to sit my chest
well good morning guys when we moved
into the house my mom the first place
that she sat was right there and she's
like this is the cutest little spot she
said I bet your kids are going to always
want to sit here and it's funny because
Jackson sat right here this morning set
right here ate a cereal wanted more than
Calvin wanted to sit by him but after a
minute now yeah after a minute I said I
think we better just listed at the table
so a few weeks ago a guy off to my door
knees I'm sure you've heard of winter
farms before I'm like no I have to have
it and you tell me about it so I signed
up for it so every Tuesday I get you
could choose whatever you get but I just
choose like the basics like milk cheese
eggs I thought it weren't eggs I know I
ordered egg didn't bring me my eggs
Electrical come my order dang it anyway
so I order a lot of basics and
everything's huge look at these avocados
look how big those are and the lines are
so much bigger than at this store if you
follow the giving oh he thinks they're
talkin it you put them on what about our
mint chocolate milk didn't bring that
either oh oh we gonna do about King it I
thought with the reappraisal no that's a
cereal on there
I may have probably done it wrong how
but anyway two kids I'm opening it up
this is what I'm going to show you this
is the lime or lemon from the store and
this is so instead of four I really only
needed like two because there's so much
that I use in like Miracle Grow 48 or
like what do they use an absolute
lemongrass simulating normal all right
mr. Jackson it's been two weeks that
went to gymnastics cuz we had spring
break
do you remember what happened last time
what happened
I stopped snap scary yeah you
didn't get a sticker and a stamp because
we were not as good at listening huh but
today are you going to get us to Korea
stamp yeah okay I want you to get one so
what do you have to do listen Kate when
your teacher is showing all of the kids
what to do you can't run off and go play
on the other stuff okay you guys stay by
your teacher are we gonna be good and
excited to watch you
can you show me your sticker you're
drying your buddy rabbit an Easter bunny
rabbit Jackson title a something I am so
proud of you you are such a good
listener thank you
you had a lot of fun you jumped you
balanced I can fund that pet on the bed
trembling good giant frankly I'm
impressed that myself well maybe I'm a
little disappointed in myself we just
had the most delicious lunch in the
whole entire world and it was so good
luckily there's a little bit left here
from Ellie's place so this is like a
vegetable quesadilla veggie quesadilla
and it has cucumbers and peppers and
cheese peppers zucchini peppers zucchini
peppers all right they look like
newcomers human chili powder it was
delicious and normally I'm like oh maybe
we should throw some like meat in there
some like chicken or something but I
thought this was so good and I'm so
feeling so thank you for making that
delicious lunch for me not for you oh
you're sweet I'm gonna film I've got a
buddy Zach coming over and we're going
to do some fun video today so my buddy
Zach and I are filming a video right now
which requires us to go to the grocery
store and pick up some kitchen needs to
go and then you're buying pancake mix
and strainers yep and I'll show you a
little bit more into a sec but we've got
to find this quick that's my favorite
pancake mix do you guys have a favorite
pancake mix or do you have a favorite
pancake recipe you guys know that we
love in pink
six and I always have a hard time making
thin pancakes but Ellie makes really
good thin pancakes and she won't tell me
what to do
so let me know your recipe so this is
the contraption that zakat and I just
built well we assembled it we didn't
build it there was only five pieces it's
called the pancake bot and we have some
pancake mix and we're going to try this
out what do you think is going to happen
well we have no ideas in happening but
I'm hoping that it works because we just
did at least five minutes building this
yeah so so here is attempt number two I
want to show you the first attempt this
yet oh my gosh you can totally tell this
looks good dude that looks so awesome
the kids are going to love this so I
want to bring them out and show them
what we're doing hey guys do you want to
come see what we're doing just when you
ready come here do you see that what is
that yeah that's a Stegosaurus is that
so cool we're making pancakes you can
eat it if you wanted you can eat a
dinosaur those are pretty cool huh
Wow you want to fight one of their heads
up yeah that would be so tasty huh you
ready bud oh he is being shy in front of
you zag haha Calvin come here Kevin look
well like wow yes it is yeah doesn't
make it right now
yeah it's waiting for like the other
lines to get like more browns innocent
children with like a lighter coloring
here we go hey watch guys are you
kidding me the kids and I have been
playing cards while Jerry children's
video and I was showing them the picture
book so Jarrod recently got me about
picture book of my pregnancies which I
love and then he printed off my blog a
few years ago so I have that and Julie
one year for my birthday these are the
best presence and I would love more of
them oh please all coming I'm Julie got
a 3/4 I birthday one year it's just a
ton of pictures of me and then I
and I went to Alaska so she printed off
that Julie Pitts print out pictures of
our trips and then I just got to this
picture back here and look that was me
when I was probably between Jackson and
Calvin like what is that that's far more
jobs homepage that's so cute that's what
the page I think there might be some
more fun little gems in here there's
that I was probably Jackson's age
they're not so crazy that led say stop
mama look that was me it's just so sweet
to see that was me when I was asleep
it's just I've been like loving looking
back at photos lately just so fun bonbon
love the memories I love that I have
this Jackson goes up Lincoln and Penny
that's Chad baby Chad and nolle guys is
that not crazy
look at Sheree and not only cute I think
putting the kids to bed tonight might be
a little more fun than usual kids came
downstairs okay okay are you ready to
see this okay so something that I have
learned but having Jackson and Calvin is
they do things when they're ready you
can definitely still try and like you
know the adamant about things like if
you're one to learn something but you
know for instance language Calvin
sleeping at night like for instance with
Elvis you guys have been around and also
to be getting his first year and a half
was really hard and I ended up paying a
sleep insulin so that I could like talk
with her you like call him all the time
it was this huge long thing that was
really cool but would I paid her like
the next day Calvin just decided to
start sleeping better I was like what
the heck they do it on their ready I got
these for the kids because Calvin just
got in a big boy bed and I thought that
this would be nice for him to have it
might be more relaxing at night and I
thought Jax would really enjoy it too
because Jackson ki is becoming such a
big boy guys like at night is very
to put him to bed very fun we sit we
taught he asks about when he was like as
a baby and I thought that he would
really like this do you know what that
is yeah what is it
okay okay all we have I have a few
little Easterbrook's injury to them for
bed and then I'm gonna show them this
are you ready
I don't know how to turn the off see
should see if I in my bag is like oh
what is it
no just trying to light up I'll show you
okay this at nighttime which almost is
okay and put it down much at Calvin's
pace so you put it guys look up goom's
look look at the ceiling look at the
ceiling and like if you push the button
look it turns it that's so special and
then if you push another button it's
blue or red and it fades into colors I
just thought it would be really cool and
I see when it gets darker it will shine
on the ceiling a little bit better but
there's a button that kind of makes it
turn in different colors so cool okay
are you going to be here okay ready oh
yeah oh my gosh that you know we had to
like hand draw in the system and yeah it
looks decent but but look at the
Triceratops like that's impressive I
think
this is our graveyard possum let me dig
Mel are cool yeah so suppose for dinner
so these are all the bones Jackson do
you want to eat some dinosaur bones hmm
those are tasty dinosaur bones huh well
thanks Zack for coming over and helping
us with this this is Zack you got it on
Amazon if you guys are interested I'll
have a link to it down below if you guys
want to like try it on - and you think
if you can make any cooler creations at
Araceli and Jared logo houses yeah I'll
have it in the description Deverell even
if you want to just check it out thanks
for hanging out with us man that was a
lot of fun please let me use your
kitchen your kitchen just fantastic I
love the white countertops make the
video look pretty crispy can you go get
some dinosaur bones - Calvin oh okay see
he he heard dinosaur bones and he came
running caracal here's some tennis or
bone you know you're not a good thrower
I'm not a good eater catcher
cooter mm-hmm that's unloading foot
thanks Mel so I wanted to show you guys
something that penny and I have been
working on or what we started to work on
as you guys know with dogs when someone
comes to the door they're just like
that's a cue like Oh someone's new here
I'm gonna go jump on them I'm gonna go
see him at the door and I'm gonna love
them with all my heart my mind is
strength and we're gonna have so much
fun when whoever is there at the door I
don't care who it is we're gonna have a
lot of fun isn't that right penny so one
thing that I want to work with her is
making sure that she's settled down when
someone comes with the door or sits so
she when we hear a knock or a doorbell
ring she knows that she's supposed to
sit in a certain spot we have decided
that it's going to be right around this
area at least for now and we may be able
to shape that and change it to a
different spot so I want to see we
worked on it today and she they're
really really good and I want to see if
she'll remember that from earlier today
you ready to show them yeah you are
the door locks well that's a huge step
so that's something that we're going to
be working on over the next week or so
to constantly improve that and
constantly take you know a step away I
get a little bit further when I when I
do the knocking and do knocking in
different spots and making sure that she
comes and sits in this specific spot at
least for now and not your labs yeah
but you're still a good girl yeah that's
so fun to sit oh that's another tree for
you we still have so much pancake
remains all the bones from the dinosaurs
on the ground soap and he's like oh I'm
here I don't even feel one bit bad about
that right now she says I know and
whoops she has been a good girl and
she's actually not jumping up as much as
she used to which is a nice thing and
where that's most one thing that we've
been working on we're continuing to work
on Oh penny she knows there's food up
there well guys that is going to be it
from us tonight I'm excited to give more
advanced with penny I'm excited for me
to learn how to train her a little bit
better and for her to go through this
training as usual what we doing tonight
I'm Jen write we write a book or listen
to a book of positive puppy training
that's what we've kind of been doing and
um I saw a book the advertise of kittens
positive pantry mmm
and I'm like I'm very confident it's
like we're doing an okay job but it's
not her at all to like listen to that
so do we give them like click and trees
and stuff like that like the dog let me
do I've got the trees down all right we
do need to have the trigger sounds by
the time and I think it'd be fun oh yeah
I just kind of see whether a kid's love
language but yeah I saw that that's so
that's gonna be fun to look into huh we
are going to watch and show us and I had
you guys already knew that so thank you
guys so much for watching if you enjoyed
the video be sure to give it a big
thumbs up and if you're new to this
channel hit that red subscribe button
because we make fun videos like this
every single day and you'll see you
tomorrow bye
