what do you say what kind of pajamas do
you want to wear today do you want to
wear superhero or not like normal
pajamas Koopa pajamas okay I'll go get
those right now okay can you show me
where your poopoo pajamas are and no
idea what he's talking about
so your Spiderman underwear what are you
doing and we're supposed to be fighting
your jam is not turning into Captain
Underpants good morning guys and happy
Sunday I am doing my use before church I
am sitting down getting my recipes for
the week I'm writing down our to-do list
I'm really excited because this coming
week is Easter week so in a week it'll
be Easter Sunday and so I'm just writing
down some fun things that might be fun
for my family to do the kids to do so
there's an Easter egg hunt and talents
we're going to try and hit that up I'm
just writing all our food stuff down
getting ready for a nice coming week but
hopefully it will be warm look at it
outside the snow guys the mountain is
snowy it's kind of cold today but the
rest of the week I think is going to be
in like the 60s so hopefully with the
nice weather this week with all of our
activities it will just be a really nice
week to look forward to
just we Rosie and I all right before we
head to church have to show you wherever
I go I find little cars and I think it's
the cutest thing in the world my tub by
the toilet in their room in my room I
don't even know if it's here anymore yet
in my dish I saw that yesterday rooms a
little messy gotta go to church
cuz my end cards right there let me go
down okay tell me what song happy daddy
good okay let's see
I'm so glad when daddy comes home
clapping dog he wants to sing anything
okay ready
and husband please and give him a growl
Nate I like that one kay boys you sure
look handsome today don't you
you guys are so stinking cute and Ellie
you look as beautiful as ever
these are a little outfit of the day for
Sunday I wear with the same thing that I
wear every time but today is extra
special because our outfits kind of
match or tie yeah yeah and your dress
I'm like a giant that is the first time
anyone has ever called haha higher like
if we're going to go to church and as
you guys know turkey about three hours
long so we will see you guys in one
second ready for you guys again yes okay
ready we're gonna do this magic
transition one two three hey Jackson you
turn into penny how did you do that what
in the world
Jackson wait no you're a penny or
Jackson you're penny how are you we are
back from church Calvin bounce asleep on
the way home and it was the sweetest
thing so he is taking a quick little nap
we got to get out of our duds we gotta
get out of church clothes one two three
ah much better look at this vbe jck
summer vacay I'm gonna do something with
those yeah
dude if we do another vacation I haven't
even talked to Conan Brian about this
but we've got to do something soon at
least get together sometime yeah a lot
of fun I just laughed out loud I just
added a few comments on is the infinity
commercial that we filmed has been a few
weeks ago and I laughed out loud because
someone said your face is suitable and
that made me laugh because it's funny
this is just like I don't know sometimes
I get
sad and sometimes I just laugh cuz ya
see he faces beautiful thankfully I
appreciate that was one of the funnest
videos we have ever felt as a company
and reviews Comcast our whole marriage
so I enjoy that guy I hope you did too
well and I just I think that comment is
so funny because like when my hair is up
it does look like my forehead is really
really big in my face is really small
and honestly like that that makes me
laugh
well that one I was attracted to you was
this part of your face mhm
and it just so happens to be that it's
like the bottom four so there's a couple
funny things when I was in college I
used to work at a security place and you
know people would come in and out and
one girl came up to me and she's like
you look like an elf I'm on walked in
and walked away didn't say anything else
and I was like oh my forehead is bigger
than the rest of my I never bought
anything of it and I've never thought
anything of it - until someone says
something and I was like you know what
they're brought there right because my
brain so big you do you think that's
funny you think they're so funny it is
5:30 right now I'm eating some leftovers
I have to show you
Calvin didn't have a nap because we're
at church a little later and he fell
asleep situations I don't know how long
he's get asleep for because today it's
5:30 so he's probably not going to go to
bed till like 9:00 or 10:00 so I imagine
we'll put Jackson down at normal time
and then Calvin will end up being up
because you'll be tired cuz you have
what are you tired you need Adreno me to
eat first near the tree how about a
knuckle sandwich oh yeah are you ready
for this dude whoo hey bud how's it
going good I must have landed on Buzz
Lightyear poor guy I'm sorry about that
are you okay I actually opened up a
space element an uncharted territory and
that's why I added our time Breeden
I can't believe it is seven o'clock
already like the time the day just flew
by so fast we had a meeting after church
and so it took a little bit longer but
Jackson we're about ready to get you in
your pajamas and everything Jackson just
a dinner so what do you say what kind of
pajamas do you want to wear today do you
want to wear superhero or not like
normal pajamas poopoo pajamas okay I'll
go get those right now we'll go get your
poopoo pajamas yeah oh I don't know we
got to find him
okay I couldn't find your Pooh pajamas
so I got the tractors or I got Superman
which ones would you like okay can you
show me where your poopoo pajamas are oh
I don't know can you show me I can't
find them I have no idea what he's
talking about
so you're spider-man underway what are
you doing and we're supposed to be
fighting you with Jam is not turning
into Captain Underpants you think that's
pretty funny
you are so cynical you are ROFL a
rolling on the floor laughing that's how
funny this is guys if you didn't know
jackson is waffling is that do you say
that or do you like spell it out like
waffle cop sir or do you say ROFL King I
don't know he's the lol out loud that's
a monk reference you're pretty silly
yeah you're a silly Captain Underpants
why where are your poo poo pajamas you
are silly aren't you so what did you
decide on Superman bub but um but about
a bomb do the Superman pose but that at
a dead um yeah okay can you take a night
tour friends oh you're silly
did you have a good day today good can
you guess mmm oh that's nasty give me a
real kiss I love you bunny
good night
there we go girl
I started your bowhunting problem there
you go
these are the benzos my gentle leg
imminent so every day what I usually do
is I clean this window and then I clean
that door and this is just in the last
few days is all the rain look oh the mud
all over like there is mud everywhere
the floors are so they look actually
pretty good in that life but the floors
are like all dirty and gross with the
storm this whole week should be really
good so hopefully with this really good
week we can like get moving on the yard
more we are doing sod we're just waiting
because we have to do the sprinkling
system and they have to wait till the
ground is not too wet to do that so
hopefully we'll get going on that soon
but Jarrod's gonna go ahead and bathe
penny we're waiting for the shower
handle to come in the mail for the dog
shower in the garage because if we just
turn on it like it was just too strong
pressure chairs in here babe and yet
she's doing great
she's like look in my water and
everything's good this would be good
yeah look at her
yeah there's this back and get our guts
you know clean up good okay I think I'm
almost done one more man so good
today me and suddenly it's like no mud
was ever even there to begin with
penny and I just got all cleaned up and
we went on a little run outside it was
actually really really nice and
refreshing it's a little chilly outside
so it felt good when I was running and
penny come here you are nice and clean
and you smell good too that's the same I
use this like lemony dog stuff and it
smells really weird
you like that's why I love your page
what mommy are you going
launch your mind it's time for bed let's
go lay on your bed
come on good boy keep going go lay down
are you dead lay him no on your bed I'll
be right back Callens late nap
definitely affected his bedtime it's
like almost 10 o'clock and he is in bed
finally and it's 11 o'clock and he was
in bed at like 10:15 oh my gosh this
night is just going like that this is
insane if anybody just was because it's
enclosed the door he like is not happy
so if we leave it open he was just lying
and talking and I meant memik no no no
happy kid he was doing like all of it
was it was so funny when I was getting
addressed tonight he said mama all done
no is that mama all done as he is doing
all done
he don't want you what were you doing
that made him say all dumb didn't want
me to pretty sure that's tickle and I
said put your hands down
he wanted to roam free without a shirt
on I was thinking today in church Ellie
said that this week is the week before
Easter Sunday I was thinking because I
taught a lesson today
about just being kind and loving others
and I think especially during this week
as we prepare for Easter Sunday it's
important to remember that to be kind to
others whether it's your family your
friends or random strangers on the
Internet be kind to others and that's
always been a goal for me is to be kind
and helpful to others and I issue that
challenge to you guys is to sounds so
simple but hard like even for making me
sometimes it's like it's so easy to and
I think sometimes you you think like
judging is like in a bad way which a lot
it most of the time it is but like I
definitely don't judge people as much as
I used to before
okay family Internet like like Oh
everyone has struggles yeah everyone
you still know don't judge a person
until you walk a mile in their shoes
because then you'll be a mile away and
then you have their shoes on a serious
note I think especially now let's take
an extended effort and try to be kind to
others you know I can't mean then yeah
Roman Atwood is always a smile more
that's what he said smile more and smile
more that's always chocolate smile more
Allison I really want to go see that I
think that I should not like it all
Jared would start it and I'd like and I
turn off Vanilli like a pass patiently
waiting am actively smashed in every
expectation that the best stuff I think
I mess it up there
I'm not thrown away my shot so that is
our week we hope you enjoyed it if you
did give it a thumbs up this is going to
be a fun Easter week Kelly and I sat
down and planned a bunch of stuff that
we're going to do it's going to be very
backside isn't equally fun so make sure
you're subscribe hit that red subscribe
button and we will see you guys tomorrow
I'm watching bye
