we're down to one life next attack twin
Courtney happy Saturday look at the rain
there's so much water out there goofball
goofball this is what they're doing
they're playing pots and pans thank you
so much mom and dad look at my new pee
on that they gave me I am making
biscuits in gravy gravy and biscuits big
one you're gonna deal with me hey hon
and I need your watch
can you do it ready one you do a small
one
what do you think of these biscuits and
gravy do you like it this is his second
biscuit and we resorted to paper plates
today because everything is in the
dishwasher I didn't do my dishes last
night you said what's this
pshhh a freckle kind of freckle okay
brass coal Ethel yes goodbye
Jay freckle fran√ßa that's awesome
we're learning what's this right here
hey hey what's this good I was about
worried there for a minute what did what
did you do that mommy I thought the
second mommy does have a miracle Julie
has lots of powerful mm-hmm say freckle
speckle because like so we have to rain
anticipated for the next few days maybe
even a week and you guys know that we
don't have grass in our backyard
it's getting really muddy especially now
that it's warmer the mud will probably
stay a little bit longer until it gets
hot enough to dry out in our garage we
have a shower that we've been planning
to have all set up so we can spray penny
off and everything so we have the faucet
the waters all good there but we want to
have like an extension sprayer to help
with that but we we haven't got one yet
we haven't found the one that we really
really like so I'm online right now
looking for some sprayers Joel and I
went looking oh I don't know a month or
two ago and nothing in store had what we
needed where we look so I'm looking at a
couple different places for like an
extension sprayer for penny because it's
going to get muddy the next few days and
we want to make sure we have a really
great way to clean her off other than
having mud tracked everywhere through
although penny is not the only one I
feel so bad the other day I totally did
not even realize I have my shoes on or I
didn't realize I have mud on my shoes
but I walked through the kitchen after
Ellie had just mopped the floor and she
was like are you serious right now are
you serious right now do you see what I
do did you see what you just did
she just yell fire spammy so we've got
to get this figured out a sa P because
it is prime time for mud thank you
mommy's not you you thank you hello
I got a little tip spot - yeah do you
know how cute you are
uh-huh okay time for nap time ciao I
used to rate these two plastic because
there was moles all over them who tossed
those and cleaning them out okay let's
get mr. Calvin Rooney to nap and then
we'll get a snack jared is just
finishing up some health touches it
looks so cool even told I don't know
Josh eyes mine dry yeah but it's
I think it looks really good all things
considered I feel like I did a pretty
good job you tell me though I think it
looks great there's a few spots upstairs
yeah I'm friends with Denton know our
kids gone our kids will eventually that
something goes into Moodle
so speaking of freckles I am at for reco
farm I have always wanted to go in here
and now I have an excuse because we have
a yard I just want to like try and do
something as planned I don't know
I see succulents right there I'm so
excited to go in and see what they have
freckle farm is that not the cutest name
ever
Oh cute little cute
you could hustle we've I have never been
in the store so I just talked like 30
minutes of the girl the worker she's so
cute she's telling me all about what I
needed to know and so I have some pots
at home and they were not potted
properly so I'm going to buy some
sisters we'll get some rocks from the
front yard put in there and I can't you
to do succulents because in the living
room they get tons of Sun so you do I
can make some succulents and then a
Jarrett's office I think I need to do
this one and I found that plan that I
think will look at in his office so this
is really fun and this is so cute I want
to live here do you just sleep here at
night enjoy it while you're here huh
yeah I can't even get over it it's so
cute my mom would love this door mom
you're gonna have to come up so cute all
right this is what I'm going home with
haha cute - II can you tell me did you
know that I need to go get a bunch of
rocks can you help me collect some rocks
get your boots on this is for the yard I
bought this to go and daddy's office
lady
it's brew dude you are so sweet and I
brought I bought a fern this is so
special
yeah and you know what I need some rocks
to put at the bottom of them so can we
go outside pick rocks together yeah here
put it right here put the top right here
and then you put the rocks and ah okay
you find some really pretty one
you
that's Mama's birthday okay
cool try it is too big all right so here
we go doesn't this just look fun and
spring-like Jax might help me pick some
rocks
I'll see what I got yeah can he hold
ready I'm so excited to have fun can be
so pretty okay so I got that tall one to
put in here to put in your office do you
like it I think the color is going to be
quick
anyway don't you think you're so cute I
can't - um I got home okay that log I
also love but haha yeah this looks cool
this is definitely going to give some
breathing toil um they have tons of air
plastic I want to hang plans but where
do I do that you to figure something out
somewhere hang plants I do have air
plant uh-huh I learned about those today
so this will go in here yeah
you have look good yeah right in the
corner of my office mm-hmm I think so
that's awesome really cool this is cool
for like the color oh thanks it saw the
trance when I opened the door so the Big
Bang was
very nice
took what how sweet that is oh I love
that there's a fern another little plan
that I was good to a ton of succulents
but she said this might be too humid for
us so how does that that is so cute
when is the word succulent sound so
weird to me this is some review so I may
or may not buy candles just so I can
have the jars when they're done where I
have my makeup brushes stored is in a
few old candles so when they're at the
very bottom I put them in the freezer
and then when it's frozen I pop it out
so I have this little jar look how cute
that one is growing that one is all done
so so cute so Jackson helped me put this
together and he put a few rocks in there
which i think is a cute touch and Jared
he's just doing some work I have to show
you to how good that looks there I like
it they have really cool air plans I
didn't care I do I can tell you my off
plan oh you're not wearing an Origin no
they have things you set up high and you
can put stuff in that would be really
cool there I want her I want touch yeah
thank you PS Calvin went in my little
scene opened it up and grabbed a rock
okay so you had a little rock that was
kind of cute okay we were going to get
in the hot tub it is stormy outside you
can see the rain storm coming in
thunder lightning so we're going to stay
inside tonight your stance is the cutest
thing an entire world
you be me he said he you but I was
that possible
okay we're playing Jarrod's switch got
it okay I get a plane sir winner okay
there you can put the rock back call now
you're going to keep that we're down to
one line next attack with who was yeah
did he really win let's see he was
disarmed in the auditorium
hello Jackson Charlie one yeah he be be
like literally he beat me why I was
trying anything yeah um please mom you
can write anything win okay Jackson
remember this is mommy do you really
want to fight mommy okay yes you do okay
now sword fight
Oh mommy got you get her back oh she got
you got you got her
who jacket you have one life left
oh you got
ah
I was 5 I told you sittin on a plane
Jack okay so they're good show is highly
discouraged on the first place shave off
their entire bear clip and use Windex CC
so easy so you got to move it up yes
moving around the table are you ready
ready to distortion sugar chains not hot
that's it hold it hold it out like that
there you go see how mommy minute you're
like mommy Kareem said bacon I think I
got it all
Jackson you got 77% of the hair though
that's great look at Ellie was so close
at the beginning and this is miss much I
just miss a two spot then look at that
beer perhaps I could grow a beard like
that
look guys like one more spot good joke
good job jack so it's a fun game quad
tribe would have been fun but this is
just as fun huh and just like that
this is knowing guys luckily it's good
amount it's gonna be such a beautiful
week this coming week I need to move
that before penny cake grab - that's not
ours
she'll ruin it just like she did that
room oh my gosh snowing maybe we should
get a hot tub later and the not
thundering anymore yeah oh isn't that
sweet
okay baby close your eyes baby yeah yeah
can't wait
well that is going to be it from us Hana
Calvin we hope you guys have a great
weekend because we have been having an
awesome weekend Jackson can you say
goodnight to our friends please say
buh-bye
oh that's so sweet
thanks for watching guys and we will see
you tomorrow bye
