I think we're going to play heads up do
a couple rounds before we say our
official goodbyes to Jennifer hey Ellie
I have a question for you where is our
blog book do you remember that
downstairs
thank you okay walked away so the kids
can't get it I'll be right back I want
to go grab it
that is our blog book yeah I made that
book for Ellie and it was like her
favorite Christmas gift ever
it says to my love Merry Christmas 2012
the best three years of marriage we have
a blog and Jared made it into a book and
this is like one of my most favorite
items in our house because it's like all
of our first through your home memories
like pictures our code I love it
good I'm glad fun well I have something
that I want to show you okay okay you
ready yes okay I have those something
behind my back and I don't know why I'm
getting emotional but I'm just thinking
about it we have two beautiful kids and
we want to have another one right yeah
well just like our blog book I used chat
books to make this book right here and
this book is a book that goes through
all of our Instagram pictures about the
about the two pregnancies and our
pregnancy stories oh so it goes through
it you guys love my hashtag it has all
your instagrams yeah all that stuff on
there so it's a book that goes through
the pregnancy journeys of yeah of
Jackson and Calvin and it goes through
their stories
do you remember me move mm-hmm it was my
last clomid look at that and it's all
the pictures of the kids
mmm as they're growing up and as they're
born and everything isn't that so cool
not my favorite picture of Jackson
mm-hmm Kelvin so the day I tell Ellen
money
mmm Ellie look at that baby isn't this
so much nicer than just flipping through
Instagram like you can just sit down and
look at these pictures and we'll go
through the memory I wanted this on the
side by side of the two so the first
half of the book is Jackson and the
second half of the book is Calvin oh my
god you're so welcome
this is so cool do you remember when
we're at my parents house and we're
looking at family pictures and
everything yeah what was the one thing
you asked for I said that I wanted a
book of pictures of you and your baby
and me around the baby and then all the
kids who can compare mm-hmm so I want to
show you how I made this book because it
was really easy I did all on my phone
and I just picked the pictures this is
cute I didn't know about this guy's was
it so surprised
that's baby one a baby to look at my
baby's belly different baby three I'll
be huge if I wasn't so I open up the app
look there's the book that I made and
did you choose the cover a high chose up
and then you hit add and then so you can
do different kinds of things I did a
book and you start at eight bucks isn't
that crazy
and I did a custom on so I couldn't do a
doggy wearing all of penny we could yeah
exactly I want to do that and then I
pulled from Instagram here and I have
all of these pictures already loading up
and we just pick the ones that we want
or we can add the ones that we want into
it as well you are so enthralled in that
book I know you love it that is so sweet
so you can literally just scroll through
and like
pick the Instagram pictures that you
want or like Facebook or anything or you
can add your own that they're in your
phone or you can even search by hashtag
up there so if you have a certain
hashtag that you even you know using all
for certain pictures you can do that
there and if you don't want to pick like
your own they have a feature where you
sync your Instagram and every 60 photos
they send you a notification say hey
you've got a new book ready and then you
can edit it or you can just print it off
and have it shipped and it's free
shipping isn't that cool yeah like this
le this made me this took me ten minutes
to make and it's a life full of memories
well I love Instagram I guess all the
time but I liked having them come here
I don't something about holding it in
your hands is so much more meaningful
and like this is a book that we will
have my go ever Jared I love this this
is the best let's have another baby so
we can out of school and that's and
that's kind of the point of this so we
can we can make another book as as we're
going along you know I told you I never
did maternity pictures with Jackson or
Calvin like I did like we took our own
but I never like kind of session and
this and I don't know why I didn't just
cuz I feel like I had enough pictures
already but um this next time I want
like a full set mm-hmm yeah and we can
make it into a book and if there's
anything you don't like about this we
can send it back risk-free there's no
like they'll make a new one for us no
big deal so you're so welcome like
Gaston right that I know I love this
book already Ellie I know we're going to
look at it for a long time if you guys
want to check out chat books or make one
of your own I'll have a link to it down
below I know it's really special gift
and I'm excited about it that's like
Ellie's favorite picture of all time
since we took this picture yep oh we are
so cute good morning beautiful cold
Rainie Utah you're on a date I was
telling Jarrod this morning this is how
we think and we always go back and forth
we never could just make a decision it's
really hard to make the decision you
make it just Jared Miami make a day out
of it or do we bring the kids and make
it sound linking out of it we are so
lucky and so blessed to be able to be
like with our kids a lot and then they
are able to participate in a lot of
stuff so that's why it's really hard is
because it's like we like to do stuff
with them but we also like tap dates so
we decided to make a Jade out of it it's
Friday and we got a babysitter
we have the best babysitter so grateful
so we are going down and we're going to
not pottery place so I showed you the
other day Jared and I will show you what
we made it is called ashlynn yeah or
were we doing our treatment at least
fertility 7 I see we were going to the
fertility clinic because I just remember
being really really stressed and I
remember we had a big argument and we're
like okay we're gonna have fun and Color
Me Mine now and then that ended up being
really fun but it just I just remember
beforehand
very very stressful well I'm glad we got
it solved like we normally do
yeah but that was three years ago I
won't write nada anyway I will show you
what we made when we went there expect
to happen and I love it
we are here at the pottery painting
place and we're just looking at all of
the different pieces that we can paint
and my eyes went right to these guys
right here how fun would it be to paint
like an Iron Man or spider-man for the
kids Ellie's looking at some fun stuff
wow that's cool they have Easter stuff
that would be fun what do you do so I
made that CMOS name for necklaces uh-huh
a ring a ring holder that's cool Wow
there's just so many things well let's
you know what we can so this is your egg
so it's like a little plate platter
icing are you going to put stuff on it
or just kind of leave it for show looks
like fun and I am going with a
spider-man mug because why not right
so you know how it's like oh I have my
grandma's ring and like all these things
that are special oh that's so sweet was
grandma as a rhyme on keeping my kids or
my grandkids are back well I want mom
stuff that she painted I was like not
working like I want that acoustic guitar
I wanted electric guitar you're nice I'm
just thinking like these like little
things it's like I think it's cute and I
think it's fun and in the Easter it'll
be full of like candy or treater
ungentle day I'm sure I'm sure when we
have a little girl should want your
little Easter platter
maybe maybe or Jackson's wife or
Calvin's I don't know we'll see Jerry
thinks I didn't paint this these are
it's all three layers and this is pink
and when they do the fire it'll bring it
out a little better
so placer I don't know what two hours
we've been here for a little while okay
maybe like an hour and a half I don't
know I am finally done with my
spider-man doesn't that look pretty cool
always looks better once it's like yeah
it'll be super vibrant and everything so
I'm pretty excited about it
yeah the weather has warmed up so much
out science is bellowing wind but it's
like sixty degrees so it feels so good
we just got to lunch and Jared
takes up the whole space you doing so
big for a park stone we've never eat her
we've never eaten here before we haven't
but I think we might ride a single thing
unless it right here about wait right
there right there I don't know there's
plenty of options for music this is
Kelly
could you pass the salt no okay
there you go so tell me what you got
what you really really got you get the
margarita seat and she talked me into
this
pass the water on it when happy with the
paired chicken look at this barbecue
burger I got this is NASA has an onion
ring on it and that's why I got it dig
in
is it good first bite first impressions
first up tantalizing delicious I want no
paved uh OOP and we made it hmm we went
all the way up the hill and now we're
here
get some water in your boots you know
Kolya look at your family that's kind of
wet huh oh they dumped it out good job
okay this is perfect another puppy was
here played well miss penny I am proud
of you that was really cute I was
adorable that little tiny tiny rabbit
like they were like best miners a month
are you so sad about this I am true
Jennifer and Cannon and Nixon are
leaving tomorrow morning and it's so
Saturday he he has the cutest little
remember don't you
Oh Jackson oh no these guys have been
playing so good this week so we just
wanted to do a quick little goodbye
because they're leaving tomorrow morning
we got the kids down in like a record
time was that crazy or what last night
tune into our plan yeah it was just the
craziest thing so we're like well we've
got all of this time on our hands
literally the whole night and mom and
dad are here and Nixon is here and
Penny's here and Jen's here and Canon
yeah so we're like maybe we should play
heads up again I'm not sure if you guys
follow Ellie and I on Instagram but a
few nights ago we had a riveting round
of a game called heads up that we play
on our phone and it was just hilarious
so I think we're going to play heads up
do a couple rounds before we say our
official goodbyes to Jennifer is this um
okay do you guys wanna play heads up
penny do you want to play heads up yeah
I do what I think that'd be a lot of fun
I'm not sure what the heads up it is I
mean I don't have a poseable plan so I'm
not being able to play it but I'll enjoy
watching okay sounds great oh it's such
a beautiful romantic movie and then they
kiss in the rain and if you sent him
letters the whole time yes I wrote you I
wrote you 365 letters I wrote you every
day for a year
yeah my goodness all the coordinate yeah
there you go
whoo this is a good movie I mean I've
never seen it Bruce Willis when you when
you it is a Christmas movie okay dad you
can do this I believe in you with my
clues anything is possible
when you when you sing the notes and you
know the notes every single time
perfect pitch book the word pitch
perfect yep yeah that was good dad oh
yeah right I got to say two good ones
okay you little stinker you leader
stinker
yeah there's a smile for uncle Jerry
he's so smiley
he said smiley yes he has goodbye little
guy bye Jim I carried you
good seeing you good to see you Kenan
kind of a hug goodbye oh did you have
fun playing with us today no oh I'm
sorry we'll make it more fun next time
okay okay but by cannon before I say
good night to you guys I wanted to show
you what we had made several years ago
so this has like a lot of my jewelry on
it going to just slide it off but we
made this I saw this little stand and
this is what I made like three years ago
I thought it was so pretty put my
necklaces around it and it's a hot mess
all the time but this is where what I
made well it is time for us to go to bed
and we hope you guys have a wonderful
day evening afternoon or night whatever
time it is when
you guys are watching this for those of
you get around us we hope you had a
great spring break this is the weekend
before you go back to school
enjoy it have some fun and we will see
you guys next time
thank you so much for watching and we'll
see you tomorrow bye
