yeah we're just doing a little
maintenance here guys nothing too
serious just got to come up here see if
it's going to start up again let's start
it up oh nothing no guess maybe I wasn't
all the way right about this diagnosis
here give it just a couple minutes I'm
going to take a look at here and see
what I can figure out feel free to go
wait in the lobby there's some free
popcorn and some ice water there for you
have a good time and I'll let you know
as soon as I have things buttoned up
here
you
good morning guys I hope you guys have
been having a fun week and a fun spring
break a lot of you guys are on spring
break right now
I'm getting ready for the day exciting
going out with my friend Rihanna for a
lunch date that I'm really excited about
and as I'm getting ready I just like
people are so talented and so cool I'm
looking at my jewelry here and my friend
Jenny she got these beads rocks from
Hawaii she lived in Hawaii for several
years salted by Jenna's her name she
made this for me and it was sitting here
and then I saw this pretty ring that
I've had for so long that I got it our
first playlist live a sweet viewer gave
this to me and I've always thought this
is so special this ring and then Matt
Jared's brother made these and it's just
like people are so talented and then
recently I've been wearing this a lot
paired with the bar necklace that Jared
got me he got this on Amazon for me it's
called Alpine and metal she made this
and she had like a new shop out and I
just I've been loving it like this means
a lot like I love the mountains I've
always lived in Utah anyway I just think
that has spent so pretty to wear with
everything lately I just
people are so talented I'm always so
tempted every day to post a picture of
what lipstick I'm wearing because
usually people add and the lipstick I'm
wearing today is from Smashbox and it is
the shade muave woof-woof-woof it's not
in LA but his in love anyway this is
just matchbox and is the shade small
alright the last talent of the day you
see this really pretty ring this is my
grandma's ring my hands are so dry
engrossed but this is my grandma's ring
and she would wear on her pinky as I've
had this ring for the last several years
and it was bent a little because it's
really soft goals and my grandma would
wear on her pinky and it just it got
bent and it was a little too big I
needed a size smaller to felt my pinky
could fall off and I used to wear on a
necklace med wear it and then for the
longest time I just put my draw a box
and I just took it into a guy that sized
it for me and it looks so beautiful and
it fits perfect on my cow I'm so excited
to wear this this is my grandma's
and it just means a lot to me now I can
finally wear it so I feel very dolled up
I've got my jewelry oh my lipstick on my
teeth brushed ready for lunch and I'm so
glad that took on took about a week so
I've had this not with me and he did
such a good job
I just love it do you hear that train I
had no idea there were trains around
where we live it's the adorable train
what are you guys doing are you going
from here to here to here to jump up
there you guys are so silly and
adventurous when I walked in the first
time they were following each other
Jackson had the little tractor one
Calvin had this one and they were
following each other and it was so
adorable
be careful okay guys it's kind of a
beautiful day outside today and I looked
at the weather this week and this
weekend it's supposed to snow on Sunday
as really no big deal but I thought we'd
take advantage of the weather that we
have now and should we go outside and
play yeah you've got your boots on
you've got Calvin's boots should we go
put his boots on him okay we're going to
go outside kids are gonna ride bikes
around for a little bit we're just gonna
have a lot of fun so I'm here with one
of my really good friends Rianna
and we always did the lighting so bad
here your ears we all do this thing
we're probably right here huh okay are
you sure if you want hair Slusher okay
sure are you taking so much on your laps
nothing on guys I'm here with my really
good friend Rianna
Duran we went to hair school together
and we haven't seen each other in a long
time
yeah in a minute but what's fun is like
when you get tuning out with someone
that you've been such good friends with
it like all just comes back we have a
good time in high school yeah we had a
good time in hair school and we always
gave each other pedicures yeah I miss it
and scalp treatments yeah yeah so we
would always like treat each other but
we're actually going out and we're going
to get our own toes done so I'm excited
for us to like we had lunch now we get
pampered yes you guys may remember at
the bike store when Calvin did a
backflip
it was amazing we've been practicing
some other tricks so we're going to show
you you want to show them your tricks
you want to show me your tricks
detective you want to show them your
tricks okay okay you want to try now I
don't know what it is but just the way
he says no is so hilarious to me okay
we're gonna strong your trick so go come
on
GPS
yeah we're just doing a little
maintenance here guys nothing too
serious I thought I didn't know what the
problem was but I think I figured it out
I just kind of come up here see if it's
going to start up again and then we
should be right on our way it's a pretty
simple fix let's start it up oh nothing
no guess maybe I wasn't all the way
right about this diagnosis here you're
just couple minutes I'm going to take a
look at here and see what I can figure
out just bear with me
feel free to go away in the lobby
there's some free popcorn and some ice
water there for you have a good time and
I'll let you know as soon as I have
things buttoned up here this rug is the
cutest thing they have in here so I'll
show your toes I got the blue you got
the dark fall color in the box with mine
I'll be trained to be false so I had to
bring shoes at Rihanna's asking me about
my little insta camera I can't believe
you haven't seen them no I have a crazy
I lived in a bubble yes well I had to
take a picture that guy cute that is so
so add that to my collection well while
the girls are out having in their
pedicure zone that's right they're
getting their pedicures oh do you know
what pedicures are yeah it's when
they're getting their toenails or we are
just downstairs we just came inside not
too long ago where I'm so excited laughs
oh wow there cowboy
hold your horses is that we need to be
careful with our toys guys if we can't
come to a compromise and I'm going to
have to take it away and daddy doesn't
want to have to take it away cuz daddy
wants you to play you know what I'm
saying I was trying to come up with a
rhyme that's good laughing - and Sansa
okay so let's be nice we'll play with
our toys we're gonna have some fun okay
guys but above all are you ready to play
this yeah okay but about K spin-out
three K oh you got to open the toilet
lid get up close to a Ryker you got to
get up close to it there you go
oh you got away good job
okay Jackson your turn three times -
okay well you wanna just me okay one two
one two three oh my gosh three you got
bread with oil water
mmm you want to try now Jackson what's
your heart okay do it again I'm gonna
get to my kid again okay I got you right
here huh
Calvin I think that means you and I are
the winners kids stopped crying as soon
as Jared got on the bike see ya I'll
follow yes did you see this - in there
this my ID say hi good hi I can't come
Abbi I don't think we could have had a
better evening we are going on a little
family stroll down to eat ice cream it
is the best ice cream place and here is
my plan
then I love it it executes then like yay
daddy that was bumpy but fun a happy
Jax may be a backseat driver you say
watch out watch out
I swear before we left it was like
camera wallet phone chair I forgot the
wallet you know how you do your pocket
check yeah you know I did it goes on up
on the Austral and look how pretty the
mountains are so we're going to do
instead is we're going to go home we're
going to pack up into the ham number to
go get frozen yogurt that sounds like a
plan
Calvin are you happy now Calvin had
fallen asleep in the car and I put it in
here and he was not happy but now she
seems okay woohoo Jackson would you
think of the ride good oh good
let's go get frozen yogurt Kay and the
party is home you guys good yeah
no walk it in well maybe not whoo barely
guys have fun yeah I did you mind you
might or you want to ride your bike by
mine you want to ride your red bike shop
hmm there's my happy boy on your marks
get set go whoa yeah hey I need your
attention everyone
ten-hut as usual penny is the only one
who's listening in this household right
now penny did you have a good day today
you did that's so cool that was a joke I
had a tree I'm doing on a training thing
also right now
he's ejected did you have fun today cool
what was your favorite part about the
day Oh penny what was your favorite part
about the day okay sipping I was running
around me and I played a lot this
morning I brushed her and threw the ball
around for like a good 30 minutes it was
a lot of fun Calvin
he obviously was his favorite part of
the day was riding the bike by himself
with me my name but so that is it for
the kids now it is time for you to go to
where the kids are finally in bed well
I'll accept our furry little kid isn't
dick or a truth it's it's just like a
cool little like natural thing that just
pets my hat in their natural hanging
around oh she loves it oh like she loves
it like Geoff Emerick sounds like
another dream
there's no stick I'm smarter the kids
are asleep and we're getting our treats
ready for car shows strawberry
cheesecake yet coconut yogurt with
strawberries oh yeah I want about 1/10
of that what is it like juice a little
bit and she's not as much as I am I will
come back and I will have fun and I
probably will be so cool
I think I remember you got like one of
those packs of six round ones and you
ate them all online oh because I was
pregnant almond yeah about sir excuse
shall joannec embarrass and I promise
you that very much I'll have a little
bit of that thank you very much Jared
like usually you have heavy cream and
stuff while I'm eating with yogurt yeah
so that is going to be it from us today
we had a fun day and we've got an
exciting day planned tomorrow
we thought it's going to be a lot of fun
so stay tuned for that if you guys
aren't subscribed make sure you hit that
subscribe button if you enjoyed this
video be sure to give it a thumbs up we
will see you guys bright and early
tomorrow morning
have a wonderful night just real quick I
want to say thank you thank you for
watching these videos it means a lot to
us so thank you and we'll see you
tomorrow bye
