okay you comfy I'm comfy I'm nesting
mister we're very tender people hey guys
and you know that when a gern eyes
favorite things to do is at night unwind
and watch a bunch of shows now in order
to show you our process that we do
almost every single night we've teamed
up with Xfinity every year Xfinity has a
cool event called watch us on and for
the first time ever they've teamed up
with Netflix to make all of their
programming available through Xfinity on
demand now for April night so tonight
we're going to take you along the steps
that we do to make the perfect watch a
fun date night
step 1
and I think probably one of the most
important is get the kids in bed
hey Jack let's get in our jammies
where's Calvin I think especially the
nights that we do know that we're going
to be up really late watching the shows
I want the kids to be very happy when
they go to bed so we take an extra time
and read an extra but we say goodnight
to the kitten so that they are really
unwound ready for bed we're going to go
brush our teeth ready
one thing that we have learned is the
kids want to brush their teeth
themselves and still something that we
do is we say mom and dad brush your
teeth first that way it gets done really
good and it teaches them how to do it
and then they go ahead when we're done
they brush their own teeth because I
think it's fun you brush your teeth now
good job good night good night okay give
me kiss good night silly
that to put on comfy clothes are we
going to wear onesies tonight I'm
wearing my robe tonight obviously
sometimes I like to dress in layers so
if things get intense I can strip a
layer down and be all the more
comfortable but then I have to pick up
all the socks when we're done so well
the laundry basket is a little bit far
away sub-step bringing laundry basket
check comfy
let's get some snacks step 3 not hungry
so our TV is downstairs and we want to
make sure we have all of our snacks
prepared and ready to go so we don't
have to come upstairs in the middle of
the show that was really good so you got
to get your popcorn you got to get your
soda pop you got to get your candy all
of the things you need and our favorite
snack since we've been at college is
nachos bunch of chips cheese put in the
oven I've been making some really yummy
summer dips lately so we'll have that
and with preparation can come a little
mess that will take an extra few minutes
and wipe up the kitchen together so that
we can enjoy our shows cool okay bees
look great
something tells me we might have a
little bit less over now there are some
actual prepares already to go downstairs
and enjoy them
step four is prepping your viewing area
perfect
I want lots of pillows blankets and
we're ready it's all about making sure
everything is prime
I think we need more blankets the
temperatures at the right setting heavy
phones your cell phones are silent so
there's no interruptions mid-show these
are the softest blankets of my entire
life and obviously within arm's reach we
have the x1 voice remote so we can make
any adjustments we need to the TBM show
what's fun about when the kids go to bed
and we come down and watch a show like
sometimes we'll find little hints of the
kids and what they've been doing and I
just sat on this I think we already
everything looks good our treats look
delicious now the most important thing
the most important set what show are we
going to watch I think it here step 5
picking your show now this is like the
most crucial the most important step of
the whole process the series finale of
the steps if you will
depending on how our day has gone will
kind of help us decide of what type of
show to watch at night maybe a drama
maybe a comedy no because there are so
many shows to choose from sometimes you
may come into a little disagreement
about what you want to watch but we're
going to let you in on a little secret a
little game that you may or may not know
about all I haven't heard of it before
called rock-paper-scissors it will
decide everything dentistry there is no
way we are watching for house right now
cut it up fine show me fuller house you
ready for this
alright guys we want to thank Xfinity
for helping us make a truly great date
night possible I hope you enjoyed our
tips if you have any comment down below
we're going to get back to our watches
on posting in our next video bye
