the kids could not get enough of Nixon
Jackson picture no no no no no put your
shirt Jackson is now naked whistle
swimming suit on his head good morning
guys and happy beautiful beautiful
Wednesday albeit a little chilly hope
you guys are having a great day today
now that the sense is in Oh penny
now that the fence is in we've got some
chores to do around the backyard so
we're going to take care of that we're
going to go give some of that fencing
away recycle the rest of it and just
have a lot of fun today it's gonna be a
great day whoa you just took my feet up
400cc crazy dog you crazy dog oh you
like the ear scratch huh you like that
so much don't you don't you hear it
ah
so our little quick trip to the
recycling center the dump and everything
we didn't have much on the trailer or
anything at all but we would call my
parents were like hey we're going to the
dump do you need anything to be recycled
or thrown away or anything like that and
they're like yeah we've got a couple
things
thirty minutes later the entire trailer
is full their little amount turns into a
full trailer there's our cue okay love
those guys
first stop paint hmm
second stop green waste third and final
stop recycling if that is Jared's job
that he is doing in my job is he hands
with the tide down and I make them all
nice and each for a little tie down box
last stop whoo yay for getting stuff
done so we are heading out and you do
see that wiring on top of that pickup
that was the only wiring that was there
there's an area that you can drop off
your stuff it's called the mall the mall
yeah the DIA just drop off the the
wiring over there at the mall Mike I'm
not taking this to the mall yeah we are
community like but they have like an
area here and not to try to stick to
that yeah the golf ball so that's
awesome like in the instance that we
dropped it off someone picked it up
well Calvin mr. Calvin you are ready for
the hot tub this is really funny we
walked in the room that was on his head
are we ready okay so we are getting
ready to go in the hot tub I don't think
we've done the hot tub since before you
asked for st. George the kids could not
get enough of Nixon Jackson picture no
no no no no put your shirt Jackson is
now make it with a swimming suit on his
head Calvin especially could not get
enough of holding Nixon I know that they
are so good to each other and they're
good to other kids are going to go to
nursery church and when they're out
about other kids are good with kids so
but it's just kind of fun to see like a
little baby in the house or the kids
being around them anyway you go cut down
on your bun put that on your fun let's
go you're getting very antsy yes gonna
hold the baby
hold the baby he wants to lay with the
big my name is the baby yeah when I wake
up in the morning Calvin will lay by us
and success until you wake up yeah
sometimes kick I'm ready right go in the
hot tub can you just take a moment and
appreciate the beauty that was that I
mean he's like so cute very cute what's
that Jeff hey well thanks buddy's
vickima cameras do it you are just
always so helpful do you know that do
you know that I appreciate you so much
wha especially when you pick your nose
it's really when you pick here hey well
yeah I mean and it just goes to show
like that's probably what he's going to
be like when he gets a little dangerous
I sense your little sister eyes get
interesting soon
and I was texting Jack feel like I was
getting dressed right there yeah baby on
the better so we can watch the baby and
we climbed up there and please just made
sure she was just good fun that's a good
big brother huh good cousin yeah
hey you got to get grant on graphing er
I know we said hot side of five-buck and
it is it just turned five o'clock it was
459 when I says that now so clock
Cilicia be here any second Qasim is
ready to go you excite for the hospital
okay let's go
I want you guys to know that this is a
very special and rare occasion not only
do we have mom and dad in swimming suit
dad's hair is messed up you guys are
should consider yourself very lucky
only a few a select few have ever seen
my dad with a thermos up now hundreds of
thousands of people and it is swimming -
I haven't seen a sound source of some
I'm 69
I play guitar planning tell me this is
like Jared and I it's like love stories
and we finally have fights yeah I
remember when we sold my bike really hot
growing up mm-hmm we swear at all and it
was way too small
well I remember when you refer like no I
can take a home and you took it from
your house and you brought it to our
apartment and then you wrote it like
yeah this is kind of small
Hayek's Jess we are going to ride our
bikes to my parents house we got a baby
pool got a babysitter he'll last minute
is like spring break
I need a sitter and we're just going to
go over for a couple minutes and then
we're going to ride our bikes back there
wasn't minutes so we will be gone few
hours a few hours hold it a few hours I
know Sabrina :
okay all right let's go we're under
bikes all right so you saw yesterday I
Jenna are looking at bikes I don't know
man I love it and a black bikes with
some pink on it and Jared isn't getting
that one they didn't have the color that
he wanted in stock but he likes that and
then we got a seat carrier for Calvin
that's Bonnie and Joel's that they said
we could borrow so what we wanted to do
was go on bike rides today and how they
came to be in the back of the trailer
but maybe we'll do that another day and
will write down to like the ice cream
shop I said that would be fun during my
klappa issues Jared right now cuz it's
like a date this was seriously like when
Jared I fell in love was when we were
like riding bikes together through town
we've done this a handful of times since
then it's really fun that we have pranks
now I'm so excited it's really fun
because we're taking the backroads
so it's just really fun and I'm really
cold now my hair still a little wet from
the hot tub still
hey good-looking
what you got cooking today not much that
is a beautiful view behind you you know
that my bike is so bright like I'm
pretty sure clothes are bright colors
yeah there's a little key concept yeah
you got a little tiny thing to have my
head yeah my fantasy so we need it I
have one question for you okay how's
your but my ears
would your ears are great my butt is
sore already low fees are are good
yourself at the site 10 minutes yep
nothing bad at all but going home is
uphill today after this video we are
going to have Inc bonus vlog go up
remember the day that we film for
several hours here with a big company
well that vlog is going to be up in a
few hours and it's really fun really
funny it's kind of talking about our
shows and how we prepare to binge-watch
like all of our shows yeah so usually
whenever we end the vlog we end right
before we watch our shows and this
flight kind of goes through that and it
was just so much fun to film and we hope
you guys enjoy it so look for that it's
just a little bonus video that we have
for you guys yeah thank you guys so much
for watching I had such a wonderful
evening with Jared in this little
hey awake to end along with us I'm glad
that he's happy we got home and right as
I was getting home he got out of his bed
and I haven't heard him cry like that
long I mean it was very scared because
it wasn't mom that greeted him when he
first woke up he didn't know that there
was a babysitter here so thank God it
can you take an entire friends supply
thanks for watching thank you guys for
watching I thought having a little mini
date with you
they was so much fun I love you so much
thank you guys and we will see you
tomorrow
