bad foot let's be nice to replay slow
motion you just evokes a foot look
through the roof alignment all monsters
good morning I isn't happy Monday but
especially happy spring break to any of
you
they have spring break this week I am
making up some great
do you remember I guess up this crepe
real quick you might hold in that ship
can you remember how hi I'm Heidi
and then all tonight know we talked to
us before sometimes sure nice are like
Las Animas like at night do you remember
that I was saying in the morning you
needed to get the dog food I said no you
have one of compensation he is pick up
the dog oh yeah oh yeah what did you say
I said well if it's just rain then I
want to wait a little bit for the ground
to dry so I'm not scooping out MA and I
was like I've done in the right before
are that you need to do it because I
knew yard guys might come do it yeah
like I think there's like poop out there
we're arguing lucky for you the ground
looks dry so I should be able to do it
today okay
after we do delicious crepes okay they
look great okay mr. dinosaur are you
ready to have some breakfast okay let's
eat some crepes
you
common checks ran up on your choice oh
oh I see you want you just got dog hair
huh is that what it is you got dog hair
so we got to get it all cleaned up huh
we got it helical eend uh sorry you guys
right now before you do that what do you
think oh my god babies buh-bye then you
like it I feel so much better I looked
in the mirror yesterday and I was
looking through footage yesterday I was
just like you know like why didn't you
guys say anything it just it doesn't
look good on me I just if I could grow a
fuller beard I think would look good but
like it just looks all scraggly and
gross but I feel I feel like that now as
I've said okay I've got to go to put
penny I'm coming
we have your paw Patrol she's excited
for us to be proven wrong we're gonna
poop golden now convince us cool okay
I'm ready show me the damages just just
break it to me justjust do it just let
me sing I I I can't
yes but Oh Ellie I'm sorry I couldn't
think I cut myself with it I think I've
bought a phone for like ten years
uh-huh and I've never ever broke one and
this is the first time this was started
out and then this is what I did this
morning oh look at all that and it was
my fault because I gave it to Calvin
druid in the store and the first crack
happened
shall we seal the cracks Oh careful of
my hurt you can be careful so I knew go
get it fixed today become a car you know
I see her here just you and yeah I have
some chores that I need you around the
house basically just little touch-ups
here and there from for health pain for
like wood chips and stuff so that's my
goal is to try and get that done while
they're gone I hope it's not too much so
I talked to my buddy Zach Jerry Rick
everything hit a big part of his channel
is testing durability of cell phone but
he also does like huge repairs he has
all
and cells of like cell phone repairs
like TV I asked him how much it would
cost to fix it and he said going through
Apple is actually cheaper than fixing it
yourself now because the screen is that
priced out right now so hopefully it's
not too much I hope you don't have too
much trouble getting it taken care of
Hey okay you go have fun with your
cousin your brother and your mom try to
take really good care and you have done
a good job I took the case off idea
Calvin denies it always happens that way
once you take the case off that means
there's you don't like getting in
trouble do you
yes Calvin
hmm good boy I just had to like get
after and they trying to get after
Calvin so go mama
mmm yeah could you don't like getting in
trouble huh hey yeah
no no should we go I'll go get a pan and
mix it you killing it and grandma is
that okay love you ha ha
oh don't grab my skin it's gonna be all
done ma when I'm old
okay yeah when we do not have the boys
defense we gonna go wherever we want for
mine and gentle zoo buzz I love my
buzzers
I don't have it in Washington yeah we
gotta get it while you can here
what did you eat you're in a sandwich
and a chocolate strawberry and this is
the first time Calvin's ever in a
strawberry you relax there's no
consensus you in a strawberry cuz there
was chocolate on it yummy
well the first stop on my list today is
back at Lowe's I've got to pick up a
couple things to start the home
improvement process the home repair
process I'm kind of disappointed about
what we've got to do today
are you nervous don't be nervous he'll
be really nice hi
we've been my injust video I'll give her
a high five he excited to do Dominion I
had no idea this was a pottery paint
place a Jared and I are coming back and
we are gonna paint here with a kid oh
thank you seriously it looks so fun to
come back and we'll play here okay see
ya yeah where you go to the park okay so
I've got some sandpaper I've got some
putty knives smaller ones than last time
and I have some wood filler yes
wood filler this is kind of frustrating
to me because it's never really happened
before until just recently so I'm not
quite sure what to do but I have a
couple ideas
penny has been chewing on a couple
different things on the outside of the
house and then next to her kennel and so
I've got to fill those spots in with
this and it's frustrating because penny
has never done that before and it's a
new thing and I'm not sure if it's like
a growing pain or something that she's
just you know if she's bored she has
plenty of food she has plenty of space
to go so I think I don't know it's just
a dog thing I guess my dog Sam my first
yellow lab did this a little bit but
wrinkles and a knee
I don't think they did that with their
mouth they didn't do that kind of stuff
at all but what Annie would do is she
would dig Annie would dig a little bit
in the yard so I think every dog has
their little tendencies and it's just
finding those things out and then
nipping those in the bud so that's what
I'm trying to do that's something that
I've got to train her not to do and
that's where the clicker and the tree
comes in is but it's when that happens
is we have to you know know when she's
doing that to preventive so that's what
I'm working on
should be a pretty easy fix but let's
try some out so you can see it right
there it's I mean it's it's not very big
at all but I'm going to try it on the
outside one first just because it's not
near as noticeable as the other one
which is there's a lot more foot traffic
there so I'm going to try this one first
and see what it looks like after a few
minutes and I go
you
there that seems a little bit better you
can let it dry and sand and then we can
paint it
Oh
so we're going to let that dry for a
couple hours see how it looks and then
we'll probably do the inside ones and
then let them dry overnight and maybe
we'll touch it up with contain tomorrow
so hopefully that should be all good it
seems to go on pretty evening I was kind
of nervous because I think I figured
wood would be a lot harder than drywall
but it seemed like the wood one works
better and laid on easier maybe it's
because it's thicker I don't but it
seemed a little bit easier to me so the
kids have bikes and Ellie and I want to
ride bikes with the kids who have bikes
and so we're here at the bike store
while the wood filling is setting right
now and so we I think we found some
bikes and we're pretty excited about it
and they're getting everything ready to
go
I don't know are you excited going Mike
right yeah it's something that I really
wanted to do because I want to ride the
kids are done I want to ride our bike
could you can ride to Barney's house my
parents house we can ride the back road
to park so pregnant yeah ice cream so I
write our bike together just having more
and it's spring break I want to do there
are a lot of bikes and prices and colors
to choose from I'll show you the one
that I really like really go off right
here it's this one it's pretty simple
and block with a little touch of pink
I'll get a pink helmet and what when
were you looking at
yes I was looking in this color right I
like that he's like the gray the red and
the teal it's like it's like almost like
le and Jericho I loved a lot looks good
and what color helmet gray yeah I like a
matte gray cool
breathe me I have to go back listen in
to replay salvation
you just evolved out to the employment
or motion get down everyone good news
good news city that's good news
come with me look Francis done hey guess
what penny the face has been come on
penny let's go let's go penny the fence
is done the fence is done you can run
around me free jump around run look how
beautiful it is
look at that oh oh did you see that oh
poor finish she sprinted down this way
and tried to run through careful there's
a fence there and she she hit it really
hard
careful penny that's our fence that's
our fence run be free have fun all this
time she can now explore even more this
is so fun for her oh good yeah you go
potty right there where you've never
gone potty before looks good ah finally
done she is loving this she is loving
this
we officially have a cent and I don't
know who was happier up or penny she is
running like crazy outside all through
the yard right now it would be really
nice to have the grassman's I'm very
grateful for what we have right now it's
just like a big cypress oh yeah
like it's for hurt for penny a big
relief for her so we're really excited
about that so she won't feel as cooped
up even when she's out sighs I am like
for raising right now I'm like we went
through winter like Megan is 15 like
crazy snowstorms and it's like 50
degrees outside like it's kind of cold
yeah okay I can't get works or something
and there are those days urges like I
can't get warm like sometimes you just
get the chills and sometimes you're cold
but it's been beautiful outside today
well penny was extra zonked coming in
from outside today and I think that is
just a great thing the kids are in bed
Ellie is asleep and now it is time for
us to say goodbye thank you guys so much
for watching today's video if you
enjoyed it be sure to give it a thumbs
up and we will see you tomorrow we have
something fun in the morning so at least
for us we're very excited so we'll see
you guys tomorrow bye
