hmm there's a balloon up there how am I
gonna get it oh good job something that
I really love seeing is in the mornings
Jackson helping Calvin and he noticed
that he's still a little any goddess
we've got paper towels and said Oh
Calvin you made a mess and he's trying
to help them clean up and I really
appreciate that
boy these days I want to have a camera
set up when we wake up because the
greeting I get from the kids is so
unbelievably sweet and it makes my day
so one of these days I need to do that
but good morning guys
happy Sunday I'm so ready to hang out
with my family hey you lied honey you're
doing so good isn't she she's doing so
awesome because you helped by taking her
a lot but I feel like she's not pulling
ton she's doing it yeah good girl
normally when we take penny on walks
she'll just pull like crazy but the past
few times she's been doing a lot better
and I think a lot of it has to do with
King Kong why you're tired already
started for two houses oh I love my
family we are on a nice little walk
together as a family before we start
General Conference oh oh he almost got
it by himself so Jackson on his bike
he's been amazing since day one which
has been pretty incredible but he hasn't
had the best time breaking he's been
using his feet
the whole time he knows that pedaling
backwards doesn't
make him go forward like he knows it
does that but he I don't think he made
the connection until just now that
pedaling backwards uses the brake okay
show me yeah good job boots yeah we
don't want it your booty this is a hill
that we're on and so you we don't want
to go fat and then use your feet gonna
use your brakes okay show us again there
you go you let the skid mark yeah but
this is this kid he's going to start
running on this cake can you run put
your key down over here mMmmm
we are almost home and this has been a
pretty long walk I mean I think we've
been up for 30 or 40 minutes Jackson has
been keeping up the whole time and just
now was like we're going up a hill and
he's like just starting to say like okay
I'm tired almost there he's doing so
good on the clock I'm so proud of my
little family and Penny's doing so
awesome not pulling this is like the
perfect walk can we frame this moment in
time I think we are right now with this
video you're the kids Jackson Kelvin are
you arguing what does what are you guys
doing under there
did you just find out that you have
under the bed yeah they're pretty fun
under there yeah can you guys keep
having fun okay love that if you guys
have followed us at all within the past
year or so you know that every six
months our church has a big weekend
event called General Conference they
have it in April and they have in
October and this weekend they're having
a right now so pretty much all day
yesterday we were sitting together as a
family or watching General Conference
and right now they have their last
session of General Conference and we're
listening to it and watching it and it's
cool because the whole church all the
way around the world everyone gets
together and listens to positive
uplifting messages from the Apostles and
the Prophet and the church leaders and
it's cool there's been like a lot of
different themes that we've been
listening to and one that sticks out
a lot right now what's from president
dark without love versus fear teaching
with love and that just stuck and struck
a chord with me and I really really
interact and my college and I are
talking you can implement that in a
hundred different ways and I was like oh
right now what's my favorite life
parenting Oh puppy training yeah we have
someone at our house and I didn't say
anything but shoot penny is checking out
and she was like oh and my job shut up
I'm here in sit Jen and I didn't say
anything and I when she left I just
thought don't ever mean she didn't need
penny sighs well now that's our computer
and it's just you know there's just
different ways and like that would be
like spear and we are trying to be more
of a composite of training and yeah we
tried us our kids and so it's you know
you have all these messages whether yeah
they are good and we have lots of snacks
well I just had a fruit ball down here
you didn't film now the fruit bowl is
right over there do you see it it's
right there below the TV so that's what
we've been doing all the link to it down
below by the time this video is live
you'll be able to see and listen to and
read all of the talks that were given
that's just kind of what we do every
October in April and we love it and cuz
I will I can I take a picture and profit
to my mom the kids
Calvin town for not now but this is then
so good like hasn't asked for other
shows or anything you just know that
this is what we're doing it's been
really fun you been watching them scene
and Jackson has been singing along to
which is so cute I'm cuddling and
talking people by the mouths of my
disciples who might chosen these levels
deep down really want so new new child's
toy dog racetracks there's penny cute
did you wrap her up in your blanket that
is pretty cute you're right you like
your puppy dog for you yeah for our
choices
my father sent me Jack tuckered out
stop
Mars
give a good nap she goes to your cousin
King Ahmed and grandmother bus yeah hey
nice your hair super slow motion Oh
who's ready to play
Sandy's ready to play are you guys ready
to play oh wait we got to wipe up the oh
yeah good job look at all if we got to
get that wet spot out of this you guys
can go down the slide
okay you guys ready go for it
that was a lot slower those are common
back up
looks like Calvin help dry in the slide
a little bit too mm okay Jackson your
turn
whoa oh you're crazy young man yeah well
this is quite the embarrassing moment
for me I'm about to admit to you guys so
I've been outside here playing with
penny and one thing I figured out
penny is better at soccer than I am
listen I can't miss another stuff she
gets it from me every time she is so
fast and then her grip is so good
my dog is better at me than soccer which
I'm not sure if that's saying a lot
I'm not gonna fuck her at all but she's
better than I am what about volleyball
huh run run so you can't get it what the
heck
you're like Air Bud but soccer huh yeah
huh huh oh my goodness I thought I was
good at sports but I'm really not that
great I guess Lee's soccer like that no
you got it man one day when I'll beat
you and then you'll finally respect me
ordinary luncheon right in my face and
then you'll respect me so one of my
favorite things is going through family
pictures in Jerez family is going
through their pictures and that's one of
my goals is to get our kids baby
pictures printed so I just have tons of
them they're all sitting here watching a
show it's bedtime and working up that
minion Despicable Me yeah let's see the
cutest picture ever yeah oh oh that's so
true Magister soo yes what's the other
one she sent today Paul good that's
Jennifer my little sister and that's me
we're the Chargers roar go measure
Jackson who has been that in that
picture that grandpa oh are you sure
it's not you yours who is that
that's like Cody 4 is it like Daddy
Frank that's daddy when he was a little
kid yeah that's me
is that cool so what Roxy Jared and
Jennifer were and this looks just like
Jax like the faces that Jared pull like
this right here that looks just like a
face jock so it's call okay cute Jenna's
gonna crazy here yes we need to have a
little girl we do look how cute that is
pick a Jared you are the most handsome
boy Oh mm there's a balloon up there how
am I gonna get it mmm think think think
think what am I gonna do I just want
that balloon so bad wait what am I gonna
do
whoosh OH
oh my god up this high there is it full
oh I'm a little closer little closer oh
oh my god oh my god oh my god oh jeez
what am I gonna do I just want that
balloon so bad okay I'm I just pulled
this out maybe I can untie it
how about untying it would get all the
way up there and then I would I'd be in
real big trouble that was an actual
Legos oh my gosh Oh daddy jumped in the
air and landed on the Legos the giant
Legos ouch
that oh I jumped and landed on that
trying to get the balloon for penny here
I go
I heard it progress I like to explore
rainbow whenever and ponder on a beauty
Alvin earth McQueen again I want to be
as clean as Earth I can't remember but
his face was very fine do that face
again for you I'm Berenguer like disco
hey mom and dad sing really good okay we
saw a rainbow so we're singing the
rainbow nursery song a wonderful day
comes to a wonderful and thank you guys
for watching this video
it is spring break this week for us here
in northern Utah so we're going to take
advantage of that we've got family in
town we're going to have a lot of fun so
make sure you guys are subscribed and
tune in for this week it's going to be
awesome again thank you guys for
watching and we'll see you tomorrow bye
