careful of the troll under the bridge
Jackson okay you don't want to mess with
the troll that lives under the bridge
I heard he's nice most of the time but
if you catch them on a bad day you just
never know what you're going to get okay
everybody in there sit down you just be
sold on make sure you're safe
comfortable Jack I have some water for
you I'm lying I'm just trying to be like
a good shop person there is no room for
any other child
I am your show for today are you kids
excited I can't even believe it
I'm so happy for you guys you can sigh
back I know I'm sorry Jared I'm not
coming home I want you to get the
lifejacket thank you I'm glad you're
well taken under well goes through your
heart love your phone I love you and I'm
so good and proud buying up my baby boy
to get to the plane ride whoa good
morning guys happy Saturday and happy
Saturday to you guess what today is guys
today is April Fool's did you know that
do you know what April fooled me it
means we get to play tricks on people
fun tricks and see if they laugh and
think it's funny or something so what do
you say we try and trick mommy today oh
wait what what do you want to do yeah
you want to see can you want to play
tricks yeah you do okay and you want to
see cannon okay
well I think we can make both of those
happen today you guys are so stinking
cute are you waiting for someone are you
waiting for
Kanon you guys are so excited they are
literally waiting at the window waiting
for them to call because I remember
doing that like when my friends would
come all my family would come over I
would sit at the window like like a dog
just waiting for that person to come
home enough what they're doing right now
oh hi guys Jackson Jackson get is right
here you've been talking about him all
day there you go
hi guys how's it going oh hi Jan hey one
sister leaves and another takes her
place how are you you know you didn't
know Bonnie just left good oh hey Cal
can you use Canon a big hug Canon does
not want to give hugs right now but and
Genda Calvin can you give an Jenn a big
hug are you kind of confused because
that kind of looks like mommy huh hi
baby Nixon cue well welcome to our
humble abode okay if we're gonna do this
April Fool's joke on mummy or Ellie we
need to go now she's probably going to
be on our way back here pretty soon so
we've got to do it get set up and get
ready for her to get home do you want to
come with me or who else wants to come
with me dad um yeah let's go so we ran
to the store to get all the essential
supplies that we need for this April
Fool's joke and we're taking just as a
short amount of time
Jackson is scoping out the skateboards
is that a good looking one do you think
you could ollie on that pretty good and
then progress tomorrow okay that's a
great idea
he actually does good eye but okay you
ready to go buddy let's go okay dead
on the double I just found out that
Ellie's going to be home in about 40
minutes so we've got a rush home get all
this set up before she even has a clue
that we set something up I know this is
going to kind of worry her a little bit
but I think at all I think it will come
to a funny conclusion I think as well as
that's what I'm hoping
let's hope the results in a funny
conclusion so so I still don't think
Ellie has made the connection that of
April Fool's Day so I'm kind of making
on that that does works when we're at
the store she's about 40 minutes away so
she's probably told me this is not a
mere eternity but I hope it works okay
so this is what I did I don't know if
this is too much okay so we got caution
tape on the garage we've got some pants
step step step step step
caution tape shirt step step and then
caution tape here all the way down to
the mailbox then on the inside it's all
going to depend on which way she goes
okay so she's going to run inside and
then WHAM it's hard to tell but there's
saran wrap right there and then she goes
on this side Wham saran wrap right there
so I hope this works we're going to have
the camera set up on both of these I've
got a camera up at the driveway crossing
our fingers this works I hope she gets a
thrill and then laugh about it because
it's a joke I think maybe we'll all be
downstairs just watching TV just like
nothing's wrong and then I think she'll
take that funny I don't know okay well I
might be shooting myself in the foot
right now just give you really really
bad
you are torque did you at all um I
really just confused
did you get him diesel no I can totally
write it literally told us neighbor next
door like we buffer like hi what's all
over our driver I was you don't know how
many times I was running in like we got
to get this all set up and I almost ran
into myself I was totally oblivious to
it you ran into it I did I know it
sounds like I guess I'm the fool now
shoot yeah we Jenna watches you have
been having fun with me ma'am well it
was fun while lasted right I had fun
with you dad look I took my boots and we
put ketchup on it and I with my hands
put my hands in the boobs and walked
with my hands it was really good good
job cheering yeah shoot oh there's gone
well I guess I better start cleaning up
them Hey look at this hey he's happy to
see you I told you that's a much better
reaction than April Fool joke
importance me will it is my best one so
I'm holding baby Nixon Jojo and Elias
will make something very special and I
just just melt in my heart baby Nixon is
wearing these pants and if you remember
Calvin wore these same pants these exact
panel these were Calvin's and when
Calvin grew out of them we sent them
over to Jen for executed
yeah it just takes me back as like Oh
our sweet little coven used to be as
small as you and theirs and the jackets
just right over there is a little sweat
suit just the cutest thing ever since
yes it's crazy how fast they grow up and
I heard my parents say that all the time
like you'll blink an eye and you'll be
grown up for your kids will be grown up
and I said whatever 18 years is so long
but it's crazy how fast it's going
already
well I got so many things like I bring
off like everybody remember oh yeah oh
yeah sometimes to bribe my kids to eat
I'm say hey before we glass I get to
take a few bites first Jackson will eat
sweet potatoes thank you and Calvin has
been eating the beans so you guys will
get a little a Justin can just camp in
their care that's how do you need us
hey I'm getting a kiss bed some yummy
soup before we head out on our family
walk rotate penny into the canyon and
usually drive
this time we're going to walk and you
can ride your bike it's really far can
you ride your bike far okay check this
now what do you think Jackson Oh pennies
interested try and stick your hand in it
tell me if it's cold or hot Jackson is
it called it's a good thing you've got
your rain boots on boy this is for
specific do you want to thank that's it
yeah Jared got penny a new harness what
was her other one the her other one was
just a back one but this one has a back
and a front leading one yes and I have
noticed that she is doing great on it so
literally pulled here at diagnosis she's
doing so good on this one
this has become one of my favorite
places not just because like it's so
closed off so close and we can walk a
dog but it's just beautiful out here too
I look at the green in the blue and the
little smell back there Kevin likes it
too well then you'll learn to appreciate
it okay you'll like it yeah I think
penny loves this place too huh
so should I go it's dinner
careful of the troll under the bridge
Jackson okay you don't want to mess with
the troll that lives under the bridge
I heard he's nice most of the time but
if you catch him on a bad day you just
never know what you're going to get he's
crawled under the bridges they're
serious business okay buddy that's a big
rock yeah but you want me to pull up
your sleeves okay is that so you can
grab rocks out of the water there you go
early happy birthday month guys it is
our birthday month are you so excited um
I'm very excited I am so excited like
last yeah this is going to be Jared my
seventh birthday together
Jared's a lot older when we first met
when we first met and I was actually
getting ready to have my 18 or 17 18 my
18 first when we met yeah for my
birthday he treated me so well and we
went out and it was just really cute we
should do a video talk about her yeah
but we've this is good to be our seventh
birthday and it's mines on the night
Kate charities on the 21st and we've
always made it one huge week and then
it's actually been the whole month
because that's how my dad Tom well we
just funded like save oh yeah yeah it's
our birthday month usually Geritol
planet one year all planet another and
last year was very a big surprise share
plan that we just shared i went
somewhere and we don't always do that
like we don't always like go places or
anything but this year I've been really
wanting to do this with the kids before
we get pregnant so I have something
really fun in store for Jared and the
kids Jared knows about it I think it's
not set in stone yet
so yeah I'm very excited yeah if this is
going to be a really really great month
for our family for adventures and
everything so make sure you guys are
tuning in and following along if you
guys like Doritos has new options and
this is my favorite thanks Carl and
ginger for introducing these to me
that's still my face I see sweet chilli
I sit here and I know I shouldn't but I
eat 100 of them in majority refer back
tonight so I did actually say I've every
back that's kind of like our thing is we
after we end the vlog we'll watch a
bunch of shows and we will have snacks
and just I'll rub bellies AK and it's
it's a great time for everybody now
happy birthday happy birthday month to
you my sweet wife
mmm okay guys close your eyes you're not
allowed to see that yes now you will see
hates be honest with my prank I range
worthy I'm really sorry I didn't give
you the reaction I was mostly confused
like I knew the day before so I thought
this is so like obviously like it was
bad
I'm good he's like you hit women do this
redress I'm like no food kind of plane
is okay I can't talk mom ran into it
once without knowing I almost did like
five different times you know a silly I
guess we are
it was really really cool in my head so
I'm thank you I'll see you guys they
promise
thank you guys bye
