the drinking Junior pajamas that's right
good morning guys and happy Friday I
decided to wake up and get ready for
once this week so I am a ready for the
day we have a few chores that we need to
do and then I think we're to go do
something fun with the kids so for the
past while we've been able to sort of
like Jimmy rigged this fence up here so
penny could come out here and run around
and play without us having to really
worry about it but because the fence is
going up outside you know the actual
fence we're finally able to take this
down and let penny run and I think
they're almost done so I'm really
excited about that but I'm going to take
this down get it all coiled up you can
see we've got a lot of fencing here that
we have used and we're going to go and
either try and recycle it sell it or do
something with this so that's what I'm
doing right
the bed looks so good guys I am so happy
so you have our fence and they're over
there doing a few more links and it
should be done
officially Saturday for Monday so they
said that the gates are getting painted
and they should be done hopefully today
so tomorrow they'll install up at
tomorrow Saturday
so just kind of depending on there guys
so either come tomorrow and finish it or
Monday and I think the weather suti good
saturday is 55 and sunny on sunday is
rainy and then the rest of the week is
pretty sunny so like Monday Tuesday
Wednesday we are going to be in the yard
with the dog run in like all over and
then hopefully next week the plan is is
the excavators are going to come and
take that pile of dirt right there and
smooth it over everything and then the
pavers that are going to finish the
pavers and then they'll get the
irrigation the sprinkling and the grass
put in so hopefully at the end of April
we will officially have a yard hi um I
feel like I have ten pounds of mud on my
brain but it's really grass yeah we'll
be happy in that grass yes that is what
I'm looking forward to the absolute most
look widening much more opened up yes I
can't wait it will all depend you ready
to party yeah ready Freddy
okay so we're Aunt Bonnie's and guess
what we're going to do tonight we're
gonna do something that you haven't done
a lot of times already walk we're to go
bowling yeah what it's not a long time
do you want to go bowling tonight you
know what he's gonna like it once we get
back I keep catching you getting your
shoes on yeah before we go bowling all
he wants to do
let's go why I'm not Cody - I can make a
jump under and just coming to the door
so okay I'll watch you let's go one jump
and then we'll come back inside and then
we'll go bowling oh okay go really fast
and don't slow down or you won't make it
okay so go there you go that's all I
wanted to do oops didn't quite make it
good to have because it's gonna get
intense
that's a good for Jacqueline he's like
no way we are here at the bowling alley
and we're going to have tons of fun okay
we gave them our names and they've had
the names up there but I don't think my
name is Sarah
they've got their names right but my
name is not Sarah all right Jackson you
are up first
can you let's see if you can lift it can
you lift it up right here lift it up
this is the world's strongest toddler
competition go for it go for it go for
it oh my gosh yeah Jackson you guys do a
dance now but ok here's try number two
yeah that's a 12 pound ball here we go
here we go here we go here we go oh
that's looking to line up pretty nice
there bud oh you almost got this bear
good job buddy
good job Jackson when you're ready you
push it push hard oh that's looking good
so mommy - mommy oh that's a fault but
wait for it Oh
9 you cross the line did you hear the
bus hey but you got nine pins I'll count
that yeah
all the bumpers darling tomorrow and you
got all of them
that was the word I forgot about the
book and my father did but oh yeah
I know so much Jessica specific
oh so close to strike you almost got it
high five bud okay on your mark get set
go
yeah
Oh
go for it go for it go for it oh my god
yeah I have a question I came here
mister are you having fun are you having
fun yeah who are you having fun
push my keys we go
you
that's so sweet
after a rigorous bowling extravagant for
the next best thing that I can think of
to do is to take these kids and go get
some real food just some amazing food
I'm talking about speed whoa
I kind of feel like today is fun for the
kids the you know everyone's kind of
making it special for them kind of fun
for them so we're happy so and the kids
have their own table they're all going
to stay here oh you want one of these
wha you betcha we're going to have some
pizza and we can have some of those okay
Oh we'll get you one too okay Calvin you
guys having fun at your own table
yeah
lemon
Wiggin there's too much demand and none
of the supply I'm on my break the
hitting will resume in 15 minutes not if
you all have fun did you have fun I
think we all have fun so we're all ready
to go bye-bye
let's go high five should be okay let's
go let's go let's go
okay they should be done with the sense
I think tomorrow and this is so fun to
be up here with hey come over here
come up and around so this is the very
corner of our property and if you look
down we will have a nice flat surface
right here and then you go all the way
down this we will return to be owned in
the winter or in the summer make a big
slide yeah water slide all the way this
section right here is nice and flat and
really wise and then down that section
is more of like you guys have seen that
plenty so kind of telling Jarrod like
right here
from like this post kind of curved
around like this eventually will be a
chicken coop for chickens why not this
year maybe not I don't know I'll see how
I'm feeling next year you know we don't
want to take on too much oh there he
goes on the side I can't keep alive to
kids maybe three but then the dog yeah
we should be done time yeah baby steps
basis sometime we'll have something fun
right there but it's just fun to like
look at our yard with it being spent
what it's just which trees this corner
over here it makes the yard look so much
bigger because you're looking at the
folks down well yeah
in the wall of raw yeah yeah whoa I'm
excited we're like where are we gonna
put a swing set like I'm just so excited
what I wanted to have a swing set right
up here so you can yell for the rocks
how fun and crazy without that was we
call probably not though he's gonna go
jump in mommy Baba oh good they were
taking VASIMR then are you jumping in
muddy puddles Peppa Pig pretty cool hon
Jer
I like the way the fence looks I mean to
you too what did you like about today
well bowling wow you like bowling
wow that's pretty fun huh yeah okay goes
deep then you have some pizza oh cool
well I am just finishing up wiping up
the kitchen for the night because I just
got done making sentiment on this salsa
mix and a bunch of soup those videos
that bonnie and i filmed like last week
I've been meaning to get it up there is
a corrupted file that shirt Jarrod's
been trying to fix so I think those
videos will go up on Monday and
Wednesday that's the plan anyway I just
made those for the weekend so that we
had some food in our fridge and it feels
good to like have that done because it's
finally the weekend jared is actually
laying with Calvin right now it's like
9:30 and he was having a hard time going
to bed I'm going to go ahead and think
and I can't guys
gerrae each a talented like if you're
calvin go so if you still awake okay
guys we'll see you guys tomorrow bye
Shh I'm pretty sure Ellie has no idea
that tomorrow is April Fool's Day so I'm
gonna try and see if I can come up with
a couple things to trick her for
tomorrow cross your fingers that works
