I'm glad I'm not the only one this state
I've been in my pajamas all day jammies
I'm still in my jammies
yeah me too persecutor that I did one up
ten percent on this is big another
change every day is a change for us
right now we've been talking to our
insurance side the last few weeks
because when you are 26 years old you
are no longer able to be on your
parent's insurance and so I am going to
turn 26 months
next month so I need to be on a
different insurance that I also need a
really good maternity so we've been
looking at a different question and
we're about to call our insurance guy
who's been helping us for years which
has been really cool because he doesn't
live anywhere close to us now but he's
still helped us which is really nice and
we're going to talk about some plans
yeah racism I am I'm excited and there
should be one big happy family all the
same insurance I have grown up okay some
people call oh this guy here is rainy
insisted here Oh Maureen a Marine I like
how like for more links in our fence is
complete oh my gosh take it even a cave
up corner
since our six or three oh hey Jeremy
come how are you good
hey I just got your email and I have
Ellie sitting here and if you haven't I
would love to go over those the premiums
so we just finished up a long chat with
our health insurance agent and I feel
really good about the decisions that we
made there yeah it was pretty stressful
there for a minute because just the way
things are things are pretty expensive
and we just want to find what's best for
our family and I think we did what's the
rainy gloomy week that we have had we
have been doing tons of spring cleaning
in the house and organization and
cleaning and things that we wasn't
wanting to do for a long time the boys
got pictures of Christ for Christopher
yeah for Christmas and it is now almost
April and we are finally putting them up
in their room so we are finishing up
that getting pictures sent to the
printer to print and put picture frames
the whole house now is cleaned and
vacuumed can your jaw's do this are we
going to hang this up today you like it
who is it
it's Jesus I think we should put it
right there huh it's not a good idea and
then we need a picture of you to go in
this picture frame so a picture of Jesus
have your Blue Chair picture of you your
room we're getting ready to hang with
the cool picture got that all organized
just feels good like the garage is now
organized for the most part yeah my
office is much much better than it used
to be I still got
to the court yeah and Jackson's room is
like having a lot more to it in Calvin's
room we're adding a couple things there
with Calvin drew I still wanted to feel
like like a baby's room almost oh yeah
yeah you know we haven't had a good time
because it felt like a baby's room I
really like the way that it is but I'm
excited to hang the other picture of
there to try standing on the rock sure
should put this and frame me this selfie
why well let me show you something or
two or anybody Wow feast your eyes
wholeness and here is Calvin's what do
you think Calvin do you see the new
picture
Calvin where's the new picture right
over here he doesn't care one day you
will though I think it looked good I
really really like it now I saw we had
to order something a long time ago like
when we first got the house and that was
curtains for myself but either we didn't
order them they never came or something
like that but we finally got the
curtains in and I'm about to hang them
up and I'm excited because again this is
going to help dampen the sound because
of the hardwood floors because of the
wall there's not a ton of stuff like to
help dampen the sound these curtains
will help a lot and I'm actually
interested in looking at some paneling
to go behind the guitars and then maybe
even like alongside the painting or the
picture I that's that's kind of what I'm
envisioning but let me know what you
guys think is there any sort of like
good sound dampening sound deadening
deadening in other words I'm not sure
that you guys know I know a lot of
youtubers use some stuff because they
want to have good
in their office but let me know anything
so as seconds later I almost freaked out
I almost panicked because this has been
such a long time and we just I know we
put it off but like we finally made the
quarter and I was looking through this
and I was like where are the holes for
the for the rod to go through like where
are the hole like Calvin had like giant
rings in his room for the hole for the
rod to go through the hole why doesn't
my Navin well it's because it's Class C
go in there I'm an idiot I can figure
things out okay next up on the wall a
few moments later
are you ready for the big reveal here
what if it is you are the curtains bomb
but above bum bum bum so I like let me
get that I like them they're a little
more see-through than I thought which is
not an issue it actually may be a plus
I'm filming in here because it kind of
may act like as a softbox for the light
so it's not so harsh that someone gets
through
but it's evenly distributed I think I
don't know but I can't wait for Ali to
come and take a look at this it is 6:30
we are getting ready to start
bedtime singing for the kids to get into
bed I am still in my jammies I don't do
that very often the kids have been
playing so well they always play well
together but as far as like them just
entertaining themselves all day they
have been up and down stairs they've
drugged toys up and down stairs or
playing I am so happy because it's just
been really nice we've just done a
hundred things today like the insurance
call like that alone is like between an
hour and a half of just like figuring
things out where are they we got all the
boys rooms cleaned hi babies they've
been playing and it just makes my heart
very happy because that's what I needed
today yeah you let me in turn this for
you
all right so let me show you how to tune
a guitar or ukulele all right so there
are four strings on ukulele Jackson and
how soon it is really easy I left from
one world and you can search for me it's
easy to do all you do is my dog has
sweet okay my dog has fleas coming soon
so easily escape well we say with it my
dog has fleas so I listen to no good
do you like that Cal what a good
supportive brother
that's like Calvin have a try k Calvin
say my dog has fleas so you got to get
it all tuned up yeah okay all right try
it strum it now -
good job clap for him yay Calvin
okay can daddy have a turn okay pick up
I'll measure six and you come in after
the new rest and I just do a good color
okay you got it yeah go
yeah there's the cutest kids are in bed
and this is the first time we've been
outside today I'm glad I'm not the only
one to stay I've been in my pajamas all
day jammies I'm still in my jammies yeah
me my laughs when I showed up I'm like
hey you look at me I went to go put
pants on and they were all in the hamper
I was like had persecuted it I did wanna
yeah you are so pretty penny you're such
a good puppy
she really is I hope them so happy with
penny and how good she is and
considering she's a lab they like to
chew and jump and be playful I've
envisioned as I would treat my hand I
have been very happy with how good she's
been with the kids she knocks him over
plenty and the kids handle it and I mean
they kind of have like grown up together
like Calvin fly doesn't remember life
without her and she's been a really good
pup
I'm happy yeah and considering you chew
a lot I've been very happy with how the
house looked but we do have to watch her
it's like a toddler ginger was like she
has a personality of Jackson like she's
Jackson she doesn't listen she walks
away and then sometimes she's really
good you're just a like a little toddler
huh but I've been really happy with her
and I am so ready for like we need the
moisture so I'm really glad it's been
raining but at the same time I'm really
glad for it to be sunny so we can get
our yard finish like the grass and
so excited for her to have a yard to
just run free and for us all to go out
there you're so good okay hey John good
girl slow
let's see she'll do it for me I wanted
to put on her snout I did it the other
day and I can recreate it cuz she the
smart saw they saw saw oh so Donald is a
GU gu yeah she's been really good miss
Raines kind of kept us all cooped a
little huh
Jarrod took her for a huge walk today
yeah we took her on the long walk and it
wasn't just a walk we're like hiking up
the mouth and then I got mad that isn't
it unless I said oh you sound you think
I've been nervous we haven't like done
much today other than like I was seeing
so I was a kid I didn't want them to see
me with another breath which is funny
because we don't like get mad at each
other often like oh ye thought were
pretty respectful of knowing like
sometimes I want to film sometimes I
don't the same as Jarrod but I was like
Gerry shouldn't know that like I would
have loved to have seen stuff next time
her mom honey um Kenny wasn't in the
picture you took was cute though she was
like smiling I know she's not a breast
did you well guys I think this is it
I'm gonna for our day pretty cute look
over here at or funny how you can take
any shape of a superbike anybody okay so
we'll see you guys tomorrow
hey my should trying to get your hat
