did you miss grandma pushing you on the
swing oddly he is love enough whoa
do you feel the sun rays no these are
sun rays it's such a beautiful day good
morning you guys I hope your day is as
beautiful and amazing it's awesome
because ours is going right now hey Cal
hey little troublemaker is that your
favorite star right there from yes we
are back at Lowe's and we are getting
some awesome stuff for the house what
are we looking at today I think we're
just doing a bunch of things that we've
been putting off like pictures and
frigging yeah
fixing up the house a little bit one
thing that I love but I also hate
trapping boom one thing I love but I
also hate about coming to stores like
this is you see so many cool things and
you're like I want those cool things but
you're like I don't need those cool
things so you're in this conundrum of
what you can do and what you should do
and what you shouldn't do right now I'm
saying Jarrod you shouldn't do this you
don't want to spend that much money you
don't want to have that much fun yet
okay you're just buying it because you
think it's cool I just love that it's
like hopefully finally have our house
yeah like do whatever we want with it
and it's just fun this is like my
favorite store I always liked coming
here as little they didn't like how cold
it was as I was cold yeah these are low
but it makes me excited for getting the
backyard set up I cannot wait until
everything is ready to go everything is
landscape the grass is in so we can have
fun with the kids like make something
and build something in the backyard to
get those that's what I'm excited about
well today is garbage day and Here I am
again one more time spelling the trash
do we need to get another garbage can I
don't know this is kind of ridiculous
but we did do a lot of cleaning this
week so that's why I'm justifying this
so yesterday we took penny to the
groomers as you guys probably saw and
they asked us if we wanted to use this
you know hair shedding removal shampoo
called and I think it's called the
Furminator I might be wrong because I've
seen a lot of people talk about it in
the comments but I'm almost positive
it's called that and they say just kind
of helps get rid of the extra hair on
the undercoat or something like that and
I wanted to try it out and just see how
it works labs are notorious for shedding
so I just went outside and I brushed
straight I did notice a lot of hair not
as much as normal like when I usually
brush her there's like a good amount of
hair in there there wasn't as much there
but I think the biggest thing to take
away from this is that it's just
important to brush penny and keep her on
top of that when it comes to her hair
maintenance I guess just keeping the
brushing up to date and doing that I
want to do it daily I don't think
there's any harm in doing it daily but I
want to keep the shedding down to a
minimum and that's the nice thing about
here in the house there we haven't
really noticed a ton of shedding you
know she still has a lot of puppy hair
which doesn't shed as much as dog hair
adult dog hair I just want to stay on
top of it but I wanted to give you guys
a little update about how that shampoo
works but I think also will take you
know over some time for it to really
really work I think she is more excited
to see you than anyone else hi dad how
are ya how are you good luck I'm home
okay alright time to watch yourself so
we can get this girl in there control
what do you want to do
okay yeah let's see it go for it
maybe lay back do you want to lay
backwards okay is it just like Jackson
got today what would you get today is
cool that's my high school my gosh ah
dude am done
Apollo gender no yeah a gem for a start
and why did you get the gem because I
scars it out of my jar and I hold it and
I stopped it and my asking
I'd step and let you fall down I guess
pastels I'd like that
oh my gender cuz she was a good boy
that's good dinner I could help her so
you got a gem first John sharp oh I'm
happy for him yeah especially with you
know how gymnastics was it how good to
have a good turnaround funny story why
no I understood half of that but it was
all funny
did you miss grandma pushing you on the
swing he is love enough whoa he had a
hold on to the spider-man balloon for
safekeeping oh he's having a good time
in this next clip I need to try and make
you feel the most awkward you have ever
felt watching somebody so I brought you
to my toilet just getting but seriously
if you guys want to skip this part you
can I'm going to be talking about cycles
and the body you guys know that Jen I
just got my IUD out and we are wanting
to start to grow our family I told you
the other day that we bought ovulation
tests and I've been taking an ovulation
test every day since I got my IUD out
the reason why is I'm just going to take
one every day because I don't want to
miss it if it is positive because I know
several people in my life my family a
friend that they don't have any cycles
at all but they get into positive
ovulation so I'm going to keep taking
that but over two months since I had a
cycle so I am the irregular but I have
been I've had more cycles in the last
year then I
did before having Jackson I would say
I'm somewhat regular even though I'm not
like it would be like three months two
months but at least there's something
there which is really good news for me I
feel like so it's been about two months
since I had a cycle and the last few
days I have definitely felt like I'm
totally you're going to have a cycle
like my skin is breaking out I have a
lot of hormonal acne around my I'm not
wearing any makeup right now but except
my eyes but I have like some redness and
more hormonal and I'm really really hot
like I keep getting like really hot and
very cramping my stomach hurt today like
when Jer and I were driving I said my
stomach like just pins and needles
around my stomach what's another I think
that's about it is just how I feel I'm
like I you know I'm totally gonna have a
cycle any day dough and I have like a
lot of feelings about this right now
because right now for me we're trying to
get pregnant and all I want right now is
a cycle but then the moma I have a cycle
that would be the worst thing that will
happen once I have a cycle I don't want
another cycle because I want to be
pregnant and I know a lot of people feel
that way and I'm thinking a lot about
John right now she's our friend and she
was one of the IVF grant winners and I
know that she had a little scare before
she said she was pregnant and it's just
like all those emotions come back when I
was pregnant with Calvin and worse and I
started spotting but it was even more
than just a little bit like I really
thought like this is not good news and
luckily that didn't turn out to be the
bat case but it's just right now I think
that's all I can think about that's all
I'm like hoping for it's like come on
body come on do your thing do it right
but we'll see I fear I'm very hopeful
and I really hope so I could see a
smiley face one of these days I think
when Jared and I were trying we had one
positive smiley face and we're so
excited about it but it didn't work that
time but we did end up getting pregnant
for marrow so hopefully we can do this
on our own who sits at the toilet every
day and Jared saw actually yesterday for
the first time he was like what is that
then that pregnancy jet was like no it's
an ovulation test and he didn't know
that I had already started taking them
but we gotta get death going on I'm very
excited and I'm nervous I'm nervous when
I talk about it I'm just more excited
when it's by myself did you just say
we've got to get the
don't get any of that that wasn't I used
to have a huge smile on your face that
wasn't it innuendo but I just made it
one I'm sorry
should we try the kids Church she's on I
think that'd be cute I like these ones
and I love you I love you could you tell
I was a little nervous or jittery
talking about that I just used up the
camera nose like I am sweating so bad
right now
I'm sorry like I'm nervous talking about
it like not with Jared and it troops we
talk about a lot of things delicious I
want to talk about more than what I
talked about trying to get frightened I
regret it I wish I would have talked
about trying to get pregnant with
Jackson where she would have filmed
sooner because I would have loved to
have gone back and seeing me doing the
clamed seeing like like just how hard it
was you know I really feel good about
this I think it's good to be good but I
just wish that I would have talked about
it more when I was pregnant Jackson yeah
that was our one regret is that why
didn't we film all the seven rounds
chromis why are we still going to the
other doctor for the first time I don't
know maybe we were scared maybe we just
didn't even think about what we did it
had a camera we just didn't do it I
didn't think we thought about vlogging
as much as we did you know I wish we
could but we're doing it now that's my
thoughts in next so I just want to
attach this when I look back and I want
to see and I want to hear myself so some
of you guys are interested in some of
you or not but I'm very glad that we
were doing this for a family for us to
look back on yeah then I'm glad we're
doing it right now you know we see we
thought about like regrets about not
doing it but we're doing it now
yes what matters so yesterday you saw
that I was deep cleaning spring cleaning
the house today jared is doing his
office my office is a freaking disaster
I actually I clean the house I never
cleaned Jarrett's office so those your
job actually I have a few times unlike
I'm doing the house so everything like
the couches are vacuumed all of the
floorboards or white stuff like in the
kitchen cabinets like they look clean
which they are like I went to write them
all up because there were some like
fingerprints and dirt on there we got a
new rug go to commando got some towels
like all those from Kohl's
and in the laundry room I'm trying to
finish this up so I cleaned this really
good yesterday we could put these
shelves up
and you guys know that I this kind of
bathroom is like all based off of my
grandmother's painting like I just love
the okay my laundry is not done but it's
clean so we've based the laundry room
like off of the picture that my grandma
painted and we put the shelves up and
this was my grandma's at my mom gave my
grandma and then this was my mom's that
I broke when I was a little girl and
then she fixed and gave it to me and
then I got this at a decor store in town
and the reason why I loved this was this
looks just like my grandma she had so
many things like this in her house did
it look just like her so I got that and
I'm trying to find some like little wood
picture or something to go like right
here but I don't find it in Hin town I
ended up getting simple hours I'm going
to cut down and put out of this so I'm
getting it together and it's just so fun
it feels good to like be spring cleaning
the Sun is out today and we're doing
some work done okay I think I'm finished
or at least as much as I can do you guys
ready to see this oh wait hold on
there's one thing okay now are you ready
to see this Calvin are you ready Wow my
boy a lot of stuff hasn't changed on the
outside it's mostly like under here
that's changed I did a lot of
organization and everything and I got
boxes and everything so it's not just
like packed in there so let me show you
one that I did so this cupboard is much
more organized now I have like a cubby
for just about everything like lightning
cables micro USB cables and then like
active GoPro stuff and then like DSLR
and all that stuff under there and then
what I thought was pretty cool
I don't know I don't under into this
kind of stuff so I don't know if it
looks good but I think it it feels
better than it might look good I got
these tiny rugs these area rugs and I
just thought that it would help dampen
the sound a little bit actually these
rugs are almost identical to that rug
out there which I thought was nice and
then the blue I thought went pretty well
together so are you all done in there
bud good and then this all is just like
cleaned off and polished and the ground
is polished and everything so it just is
clean it's much easier to get through
and get to stuff and I want to keep it
this way so that is the goal if you see
in future videos that is a myth
let me know and keep me in line give me
a check guys okay now for dinner what a
peaceful night so far Calvin and Jackson
are both in bed and now the night is
ours so I'm going to call it a night
thank you guys so much for watching the
video I hope you enjoy what Ellie had to
say she really wants to make this a very
personal to her type of experience where
she conveys to you guys how she's
feeling because she wants to be able to
look back on this so I hope you guys
enjoy that and I'm excited I'm very
excited to see how what the future holds
for us and it's going to be a really
great day crazy story real quick I saw
them my brother Matt he's in New York
still and he was actually able to go to
the Samsung event tonight and I guess he
saw Devin Supertramp
Dan from once inside and shonduras oh I
wish I was there Matt that's awesome hey
guys I hope you had a good time I'm kind
of excited about the Galaxy s8 I don't
know we'll see I'm going to see if I can
try and get my hands on one no
guarantees but thanks for watching guys
and we will see you tomorrow bye
