ladies and gentlemen boys and girls I am
proud to introduce our special guest of
the evening penny
come on come on baby it's okay I'm
trying to make you a grand entrance come
on penny get out of a car
good morning guys sometimes when I play
in the house if I dry up all falling me
around to show me how you two are both
just like Nick who's spider-man and Hulk
see you later
sometimes I'm clean in the house it can
be kind of stressful because the kids
are like whining and they don't want to
play but sometimes it can be really good
and today it's really good I'm like
trying to race it's like I could do my
hair or I can turn you clean the
bathrooms and I want it out there's
clean so the two upstairs are clean too
working on this one you go smack and the
boys are playing very nicely together
huh
can you put in a piggy bank can you put
it in your bank you show Calvin where to
put it say Calvin look right here
Calvin look at Jackson tell them to put
it right there can you do that cow John
hey guys enough tel much concerns and I
got my mom's like oh wow are we glad you
asked it yeah okay what do you think
they're gonna have you do today a front
put on the chamber okay cool
I'm gonna watch you okay okay that's
cool
this was a very hard decision to do um
but I felt like it was very needed
Jackson we please look at me and ice
what happened at Jenelle your teacher
was very happy the times that you
listened but there was a few times that
you did not listen very well again and
everybody got a sticker and I told you
that you couldn't get a sticker today
because you didn't listen again you did
a few times so if you want to sticker
next time you will listen next time if
you want a sticker you will listen when
she says Jackson come here you don't go
slowly you go to her okay okay that was
really hard for me because like usually
when you take the kids to gymnastics you
can leave if you want for the hour and I
always say today all the moms happened
to be gone and it was just me there and
so I was noticing quite a few of the
kids were playing and not listening as
well huh and I went over to Jackson and
I put him down by his teacher and I said
I'm not good I'm not gonna let your
teacher give you a sticker today because
you didn't listen very well again and
the teacher was having a hard time with
the kids because a lot of them aren't
listening I'm glad that you're not
screaming right now and you're just
listening to me that makes me happy okay
and I and I know you're sad that you
don't need a sticker and I was really
sad to not have you have a sticker so
next time okay
you listen next type
that was really hard to do and I think
it was hard to do because all the other
kids got a sticker even though a lot of
them weren't being good and they're like
all three-year-old so not all the time
do they all listen today just seemed
like a harder day associate for the
teacher than most days we take Jackson
to preschool and so I really wanted
Jackson to know that like you didn't
listen and I had told him twice and
usually when they're in gymnastic you
know you just saw on the side and they
do their thing in their teacher you know
can correct them and whatnot I just felt
I needed to go out there myself and grab
him and put him down and say you need to
listen to your teacher and I did that
twice and the second time I told him I
said you're not getting a sticker today
and then the realization hit and when
they all got stickers and he didn't and
he looked up he's like and was like you
didn't listen today he was a little
upset when I was putting his shoes on
but I was very proud of him for not
really screaming Australia's body around
you never know where it's going to be
like when you have a toddler and
sometimes they're better than others and
today I feel like he did good knowing he
didn't get a sticker I hope that next
time he can earn his sticker and I'm
proud of him for not drawing too big of
a tantrum when I told him no so I have a
few errands to run
are you going to be my buddy are you
going to be my buddy what are you
thinking the show are you a little
bummed are you a little sad you're a
little sad you know what I am very happy
that you didn't get angry so next time
we'll be happy and you'll get a sticker
if you listen okay okay okay it's about
that time again
Jackson Kenny and I we're running the
pet store a penny is going in for a
cleaning a grooming and they're telling
us about this cool shampoo they have
long that gets rid of like 90% of the
shedding so we're going to try that out
and see how it all works your honor you
oh my gosh here what time is here why
not are you worried about penny a little
bit
no leisure well you know what Jackson
she's in a really good hand and they're
going to clean her and shampoo her hair
and trim her nails and clean her teeth
and clean her ears it's kind of like
penny is getting a really really good
bath that's really good that you want to
take care of your dog you know I'm proud
of you for thinking like that okay you
love penny don't you I know some of you
guys have been asking where my parents
have been because they haven't been in
the vlogs lately well for the past
couple weeks they've actually been
visiting some family out in New York and
today they are on their way back and I
want to come by their house and make
sure everything was in order when they
got here we had a lot of rain lately so
I wanted to check to see if everything
was okay like in the basement and
everything but not only that when
Jackson and I were at the store we got a
couple things to make the house a little
more welcoming when they got here so I
got a couple
welcome home balloons and Jackson wanted
to take out a balloon just for Grandma
and Grandpa and what did you pick out
buddy thank you
spider-man that's a cool one and it even
says happy birthday yeah so I told
Jackson I said you can either leave that
here for Grandma and Grandpa because
that's a special balloon or you can take
a home so what do you want to do do you
want to take a home or do you want to
leave it for Grandma and Grandpa and you
want to stay here that's so nice of you
buddy high five okay maybe if maybe we
could stay for a little bit would you
want the balloon to stay here or didn't
have Grandma and Grandpa have it or do
you want to take it home with you oh
okay that's so nice of you buddy you are
so sweet
for your Grandma and Grandpa do you miss
them so much do you miss them yeah so
welcome home mom and dad in just a few
short hours well these balloons are a
lot bigger in your hand and they are out
in person I definitely need like 30 more
balloons to make this even seem that
welcoming I wanted to get like a big
banner and hang it up and have it say
like welcome home but I also do want to
be away from Ellie and Calvin to Long
Walk Avenue
was taking a nap so I was only able to
go amongst all I need to navigate I
think mom and dad will appreciate that
especially that one ladies and gentlemen
boys and girls I am proud to introduce
our special guest of the evening penny
come on come on idiot okay
I'm trying to make you a grand entrance
come on Andy get out of the car go good
girl
penny did so good at the groomers today
when they brought her out just the way
her coat was I was like she looks just
like a puppy like she looks so young and
she looks so good I'm so happy with the
way things turned out
you gotta take this garbage out you
can't get in the garbage hey Calvin
could you have as much fun as I did you
did I had a lot of fun Ellie has been
cleaning especially the kitchen all day
today and she has a reason your eyes
hurt
I got a liking for whores like I can
have some that Queenie oh yeah
while I was with Jackson getting stuff
ready for mom and dad to get home Ellie
went somewhere and she has a little
surprise that she's ready to reveal and
I haven't seen anything yet and I'm
about to see it but I have a feeling I
know what it is because all of the
chairs we moved and I haven't done this
table all of the table and chairs and
stuff are being cleaned right now and
they're being moved so I think I know it
has something to do with this kitchen
area okay just we're right over here
I want to help you but I also want it to
be like some sort of a surprise so I'm
like right okay you got it okay
I'm gay can I open my whoa this is so
big
okay you just have to the whole thing
whoa
Ellie those colors are so subtle that's
so pretty
yeah they're moving okay hop off Jackson
whoa so I think I'll be okay I think it
will be good soon I measure an estate
that this is kind of like standard but
the other one was a lot wider I didn't
want it I don't want to going into this
area right here I guess I could probably
help move some of these munchkins out of
the way what I was kind of one of those
it to be long enough to kind of cover
this I need to do an extra Matt for
penny but probably be better under Kia
they said we have that two or three days
to decide if you want to date back I
think well like it though yeah I like it
a lot sooner you know and we had bought
like everything for the help because we
might have never lived in the house I
was like spent I was like I am doing
buying food even though arriving on a
committee couch is definitely just up
you guys figure another I would buy
later and lately I've been finally
wanting a rug to just vacuum rather than
like sweets and law no I'm going to be
happy I have this because back it up I
think the kids are already happy Bree
Hodge Robin he was pretending to be
asleep and snoring you like it
vacuums pretty well doesn't curl up the
edges looks good
it Orient's so much yeah it looks great
well done let's push it you're wastin
hair okay come - oh that I think it
looks good so that it does I don't do
like any good job high five
this looks great I'm excited that kids
love us yeah yeah
I'm not helping at all I'm so sorry I
wanted the rug to have plenty of room
that the chairs could fit on it and not
like the over I'm so happy with it I was
looking at another one and I've I think
that this would be this is like a get in
between fusion like an outdoor indoor
rug for every year it was great I love
it
hey I got it at our local likes of
course towards collective Valley outlet
here in town it's like at the very other
end of town I like it and it'll be so
nice I just want to vacuum what he's
cute because I repeat myself no I like
it
it looks good and I like you I like you
too
it'll be so pretty I like I'm so glad we
have it
I respect walking around the glassy
hello I just have a quick question do
you like it I like it
like this I think the kids do too well
guys someone is not in bed good coming
and I kind of like this little like
one-on-one time that we have with him
for he right now
you know he's like his personality is so
different in this mystery we do this not
very often but once while we'll have one
could stay up a little later we haven't
done that a really long time we're
trying to order curtains for Jared's
office so come and say good night to
everyone to say bye bye
thank you say bye bye doing okay bye bye
say bye bye nope okay guys we'll see you
tomorrow
thanks for bye-bye
