Kenny I need that penny that's $10 I
need that don't you chew penny that
doesn't even taste good
penny penny sorry don't you rip it up no
don't move now that we got that out of
the way good morning guys
happy Monday hey is this so excited
today okay is this outside in here
exactly right the fence guys in here I
just looked at the truck they have all
the connecting pieces and they're
leveling out where they go so excited I
think just a couple more days and we'll
have a working what is it today
oh my gosh would we go out and party oh
yeah we would it's kind of cold and
rainy today look at our channel to get
in you're thinking while we wait for the
fence guys to finish I can't think of a
better way to start our day other than
saving $10 from penny what what happened
yeah no that was not penny
that was totally Calvin yeah don't you
remember he got into that person it was
just like thought it was the coolest
thing the funniest thing I'm just got
even color on the walls with it her but
I can't think of a better way to start
the day then paying taxes can you hear
it it's raining like crazy right now and
usually when it like rain storms you
know you're in the kitchen cooking but
not today I'm not cooking I'm just
figuring out when I get to cook for this
weekend
this weekend I'm going to make cinnamon
rolls and the sweet potato soup that
Bonnie and I just did a video on and
I've gone through quite a few binders
trying to figure out the best way for me
to have like recipes right in jail and I
ended up finding this binder on Amazon
it's just this little I think it's from
where's the brand I don't know people
might want to okay Kate Spade I found
this recipe book and it just has all
organized soups sauces appetizers
entrees I've just been kind of riding
out and some of the recipes so I
hopefully will be a little more
organized for something that I've always
want to be better at but I never am so
I'm just riding it all out there I'm
really excited to make the sweet potato
soup I actually might make it sooner and
then make it again for the weekend you
know all week it just sounds really good
right now
but I'm going to make it this weekend
but I'm going through my youtube stuff
and I'm grabbing all the videos that
I've made on line for food and I'm
writing them down and this trying to
organize everything you guys have seen
me do those credit like I said I've got
it kind of has taken me several times to
get organized so hopefully this won't be
the final one of me feeling like I'm
organized in the kitchen okay Jackson
here is the deal after they dropped you
off at school today Calvin and mom went
and had some breakfast so I think it's
only fitting that you and I have a
father-and-son lunch I think you want to
go out to lunch with me we can go
anywhere you want to go what do you want
to go eat lunch you want to go
chick-fil-a high-five
let's do it okay you excited let's go
have some lunch you want to go save the
day you want to save the day and
chick-fil-a we got around we got our
concentrating so hard let's run run run
run run run it's raining so hard let's
go now before we start eating I have a
couple questions for you okay buddy here
let me get that for you how was school
today good what did you talk about in
school today
you played with your transformer laughs
uh-huh
this one right here where'd you talk
about it school today
numbers okay good how old are you jack
three can you show me four fingers good
sir that's for teaching me five there
you go high five
good job okay are you ready to eat and
then you can go play in the play area
okay oh yeah that's right I'll go get
this there you go what'd you say you
want a drink of my drink do you even
know what's inside of it what is it were
you holding the door open for people and
the play area I just thought it was the
sweetest thing he was over at the play
area and he was waiting for people to
come inside and he was holding the door
open it was just the cutest thing and a
couple cans left over to smile that
handlers like that so sweet
you know you squeeze sayonara taxes
we'll see you next year that is unless
of course we have to make an amendment
which we will see you very soon taxes it
was nice it was nice over a little bit
so obviously it's pouring down rain
today
the cool part about that that I saw when
I was driving Jackson home from school
today was that up on the mountain you
could actually see the freezing point
you can see on the mountain where the
temperature got to freezing in and
turned into snow now from our
perspective right here you can't really
see it because the fog or the clouds are
in the way but maybe like right over
there you can see just like right where
it turns into snow that line if you just
follow it across like right at the edge
of the fog is where it is freezing
that's so cool that elevation right
there is 32 degrees or lower and below
that is warmer and it's cool to see that
I know I just thought that was
interesting we live in a cool spot where
the mountains you know you can see all
these changes and I can't wait for the
spring and then the summer and then the
fault see all the colors change right in
our backyard
penny hi that is so sweet
I knew he made the butterfly but he
didn't say anything about making it for
you
that's cute did you color this that's
not a real butterfly for you deep
somewhere special
you wanna leave it right there what I
need to eat it so maybe could I put it
right here Wow thank you miss you what
did you get hey I'm the remember the
other day when I took the kids like four
different places trying to find rain
boots and I can't find the sizes I ended
up just ordering so Amazon you know it's
raining outside it's perfect day to get
rain boosting it racers yeah so maybe
let's have a race not if you go jump in
muddy puddles
that sounds like a great idea yeah I do
have the cutest little things I like
them you got them on the right feet -
good job bud yeah okay when Calvin wakes
up we'll go jump in muddy puddles
so you see they're pretty cute too looky
girls all of it
keiki dress in muddy puddles cow
say cheese pepper good little Heidi
ready go for it
I won't catch
that kind of scared you okay but show me
your hands okay you want me to catch it
a sign okay do you want to see a big
jump into a muddy puddle here we came
anyway
Calvin's Jeff I'm jumping in muddy
puddles you guys have seen the last
several days it's been more rainy and so
the kids have been in the mud a lot I
heard so many people tweet me like what
do you do to keep the kids clothes clean
when you guys use in the wash and I
thought or at least eat it's pretty
simple when I wash the kids clothes the
other day when they were like playing in
the mud all I did was throw in the wash
two turns I did throw in or spray
they're close affinity I just like shirt
and it went really clean so I just use a
tight pod and usually what I do is I
throw in and like Jackson's jacket
dislike the texture of it like I don't
need to spray anything on it I'm just
going to like throw it in the wash I'll
wash Jared's pants in a different
clothing seam
I'll just throw is hoodie in there it'll
just come out the pants will be good and
kelvins yellowjacket though I'm probably
just spray that because I could imagine
that not coming out as well and then
sometimes I use to spray the kids stuff
I either you shell OxiClean to be honest
I used OxiClean a lot I'm probably just
going to use this on the edges and on
the Lions arms go throw that in the wash
and the hats I'll just throw those two
there are two new things that I have
used I've probably been using these for
over a year I have these a few of my
favorites before digit they don't do
anything cleaning wise they just make
this clothes smell really good so I
throw and scoop it out so over a year
ago we did a bunch of videos for tide
and I had never used fabric softener
until we worked with them because the
guy was like it helps so much keep your
clothes lasting longer it's good for the
clothes so I've actually been using
fabric softener as well so that's all I
do and often times I'll just throw in a
pod and it's good to go I left a lot of
stuff so if I need some generation
before I really like their detergent a
lot so I mean honestly that's just what
I do a lot of you guys have been asking
lately what I've been using so that's
what I do and I push start to normal the
wash temperature is
armed and I push start that we do we
made some sweet cookies we're going to
go give jackson's friend some cookies
and let's ride a bike and she's putting
his socks on you doing so good I wanted
to show get away get your mouth away
from her
no I want to show you guys kids clothes
turned out great to look at Kelvin nan
muddy mess I just have had so many
people ask I wanted to instead of just
tweet back I wanted to show you and then
Jackson's pants I mean this has seen
better days I got these from Zara
they've held it really good he's worn
them so much but there he was pretty
good and clean Calvin's little black
pant I just threw another load in so
we're do outside rider bike and you can
cookie but we don't have I'll help you
oughta hold the camera and talk to your
friends and can you tell them issues
about dinner I eat my dad and my family
did you do all and my cousin good at a
low so ride your bike no yeah you like
you look like a sixer gentlemen mmm this
has been so fun Jackson and Ellie just
dropped off some cookies at the
neighbors Calvin and I are playing on
the Strider bike and Penny Randall
delivered oxides on the plate I texted
our neighbors like hey do you care if
the dogs play and then he's like yeah
actually the dogs would love that
cuz it's been a rainy day Penny's havin
a playdate Flicka jug since pedal hard
she actually kind of had a hard time
getting going with it rain may be his
new but there's not only the boots
probably happy fella future he's good Oh
actually know what he said to me I said
Kay get up your top knee goes I covered
in you is what he said did you hear me
no I hear I might just say that to me
don't say that some people here you know
I do not approve of this but dads do
what they want sometimes Jared good Kiko
fast
uh-huh I found goddamn it a little bit
cuz I'm gonna have good job high five
buddy high five
we're gonna pretend I
didn't react to this ready ready for the
big reveal
much better
I first sure Jerry this looks good looks
good an organized bill of bungees tied
down tools I got everything
because if they're playing I just
scrubbed the car seats out we gotta work
it's been a really fun day for a minute
I thought you really do much today and
not the other day of like him please
kids get some cookies for a rainy day
we did a good we did water Joe OH
Jackson's incise guys so I learned
something tonight
I am never one to tickle Jarrod but he's
totally ride sanely took I am very your
agree ticklish but so are you but you
hate on I'm not ticklish I'm like get
the bay I just swear really hard when
someone tickles me it's true it's not
ticklish it's more like I can't handle
big - that's what it is right really I'm
not like being touched for just like
digging fingers in my bond like like
anything I'm like no no no no no that's
that make sense yeah I guess you're like
ticklish it is Mexican laughing I'm like
I didn't lost my breath yeah thank you
guys so much for watching our rainy day
today I hope that you guys have a good
week I'm excited for this week the next
few days are supposed to be pretty warm
yeah hopefully our friends will be done
by the end of the week and hoping
sometimes though they have must up
they've done great jobs so we will see
you guys tomorrow thanks for
