I turn an awful thing
please keep bringing up the ocean
Colin's taking a mask but then we are
attempting to since he holding we were
just talking about how he was at the
door banging and then he got back in bed
himself and they just got back I wasn't
looking holding oh it's a little buck oh
he's just going to play for me
look boy that was first time census big
boy bed that he played and then pen soft
bed and cry I had to check on him now
because I couldn't hear my want to make
sure there was a fact okay how are you
did you like the park
she's totally asleep on his bed yeah
please come here go get your shoes on
wherever we go
what do you bring with you oh can I see
yet we're going to church go bring your
car huh yeah around me
almost stop it anymore I'll fold it okay
we musical time people go let's go potty
we'll see you soon tiny push do you
still do go girl go on church kids go
potty
three hours later mama where's mama
we're dead dad oh hi cow hey where's
mama we're done I'm done onion laughing
Jackie said today what's your name
I said Ellie no aunt Ellie this is my
puppy dog routine Joker
well good morning guys it is a beautiful
Sunday afternoon we just got back from
church and we're going over to Bonnie
and Joel to have dinner with some family
bringing over a case of the bubbly the
dr. pepper because I have plentiful
amounts of dr. pepper they're dinosaurs
did you hear that do you hear a dinosaur
neck oh it's a Jackson dinosaur
Tyrannosaurus Jackson you guys ready to
go you ready have some fun hey let's go
good afternoon ladies and gentlemen
welcome back to Bonnie's bakery now last
time we left you on the episode we were
making some delicious quiches Bonnie
what's on the menu today I don't know
Bonnie boo chicken is like a really nice
picture we are making fajitas er aha
and what do we have here this looks
delicious love bean dip well pepper dip
oh great now is this the same meal that
you prepared with Ellie on her channel
that video is coming soon ladies and
gentleman I'll have a link to it down
below - Ellie Channel we've got some
delicious chips here we've got some
fajita meat and peppers and onions in
here and we've got these little tiny
burritos Ellie will you just look at
these burritos and of course of the main
course dr. pepper is that good Calvin
see like that it's so good you don't
even have any words he does that many
words begin with are these good boys
good we had all of our delicious dinner
and now we're having a little dessert
some peanut butter bars that body more
peanut butter bars you get a peanut
butter you get to be the butter are you
gonna be the mother Bobbi everyone I
know that's actually a great idea did
you taste homemade vs. are these
store-bought are you filming I forgot
okay I don't want that Wow these are so
now we definitely have to find out hey
did you much okay let's try it
and body isn't really good and this is a
robot go for anything about they're both
really really good
can you Holly bond absolute peanut
butter like crackers yeah there's a
little crunch to it this is very like oh
my gosh that must be delicious
is it good pretty good
oh my goodness when was the last time
that we allowed you kids to stay up this
late can you believe that you kids have
a lot of fun today didn't you look at
his eyes you can tell he is ready for
bed oh my goodness Jackson did you have
fun today yeah it's almost like you
broke the rules because you're staying
up so late playing with your cousin I
can tell these kids are so ready for bed
but they just wanted to play and play
and play that's all they want right
that's all you want huh mmm do you have
fun or your favorite part about today
tell us you have something your mom a
banana
oh thanks them okay well hurry ensure
your banana and we'll figure that out my
church was Calvin cried in our streets
and the leaders told Jax and I go give
him a hug and you did in any sock right
yeah I love those moments because we
caught a lot of them too like where
Jackson will hug Calvin or Calvin we'll
just run up and hug Jackson and it's
just the sweetest thing I love that boy
yeah how I make me angry what was your
favorite part about church today I cute
you to tea oh that's a fun part
relieving what was your favorite part
about today did you like playing with
your cousin's hey what did you do
downstairs that I told you not to do
three two you did you do front flips on
Ambani's County did you do good one yeah
Wow do that again Oh Calvin can you say
good night or Brenda
say bye-bye
Hey say bye-bye Brava okay thanks for
watching
thank you laughing tomorrow can't
tomorrow
haven't you say bye-bye I didn't know
you did goodbye
so I've been getting some tweets from
some of you guys saying that you guys
see our DJI video as like a pre-roll ad
it's like well that's very cool so I
wanted to let you guys know if you
haven't seen the video already I'll have
the link to it down below it's just on
BJ eyes channel and they've done like
three of these videos with two others
bloggers camera people so it's pretty
cool to be included with these guys who
are like really really like top tier
lyricist people I think anyway so I'll
have a link down below if you guys want
to check out the DJI video that we did I
was thinking about this when I was
putting Jackson on the bed and I think
it applies the penny to your biggest
concern is like am I gonna play today
that's that's like your biggest worry is
like got to make sure I get some
playtime in today you know Jackson and
Calvin must have thought tonight Early's
Jackson left off automatic this is the
best knife ever I am staying up late and
playing with my best buddies and we're
having fun
what's like their biggest wish is just
stay away and play with their Kelvin you
know where she sees herself in the
reflection can you see that get it get
it
she's broken
yeah so she barking I think the same
things I thought was designed to sound
like yes I'm a designer collection city
girl you should be girls but I was just
thinking you remember back in elementary
school you know what all I wanted to do
you know homework and write dinner
wait should we play yeah it's fun to
look back and see those things eating
ice all night no no Kenny I just heard
you dinner
okay I just said you dinner she just she
just wants to play I think that's where
we're gonna in the vlog thank you guys
so much for watching this weekend I hope
you have a wonderful week Monday for you
guys to make it in great
guess I'm any piece of me anything
that's going to be the best that we're
gonna kind of finish it in the next few
days and then I'll be still nice to show
how like the whole yard nope and when we
get grass will be even better
no she thinks I'm playing with her I'm
not playing okay I'll play with you
Sydney hopefully with you okay say
goodnight to our friends yeah thanks for
watching
