ready put your arms in the air now don't
still pray baby
well good morning guys and happy
Saturday before we get into a day do you
guys remember yesterday the boys like it
was warm yesterday they put in the mud
if you follow my Instagram stories they
were like swinging in the mud I washed
all their clothes I quote sound nice and
clean they are in Calvin's like parents
they came out perfect brand-new I wanted
to be special update it's rainy today
stormy off store downstairs plant I just
got the matching game out so that
Jackson and I can play because we just
had a big conversation huh of being
talking nice to mom and dad so now we
are playing the matching game don't grab
all the blue cards do you remember where
the cookie was over here cookie yeah
open it so I talked to Bonnie this
morning and she's like hey me to come
over and get my hair stuff they'd have
it for a while she's like you know the
bolsa clip and I was like the class I
was like I think I caught that she goes
I really liked that cooking it's hard to
find them I can't find them anymore I
was like I was I'm gonna find that cut
she had this clip says hair school she's
she'd used on every color she's ever
done and I felt done I threw it away I
think I just was like cleaning up a
bunch of stuff and I just did just
happen but I found it this is her clip
that she was and I found it in the trash
I've been digging here's a trash can
totally found it so you're welcome buddy
maybe we can be even he tweaked my
number and I fear for fair cook boy oh
love you Bonnie we're good got your hair
cut
and we're and or you can't have a really
great Saturday without going to Lowe's
or Home Depot or something like that I
love it because like this is our house
now and right you get your home
improvement projects like on our house
and we're still working on a few things
we're going to have to buy a lawnmower
soon so looks like someone's drilling
over the lawn mowers right now as a kid
I always always always wanted a riding
lawnmower but now that you know we have
our yard and everything on this hike I
don't think our yard is big enough to
justify a riding lawnmower and there's
always something fun about just walking
out and getting your feet in the grass
and get your shoes all grassy and
everything I don't know it just reminds
me being a kid I guess so we've got some
things pick up here at Lowe's and like
Ann we're going to look at some washer
and dryers I guess I just don't find the
picture of the clip that I judge you all
the trappings and I said there you go
and she goes you're going to die that's
not the clip I thought it was that's the
generic one from Sally's I must have not
said he was my baby like her favorite
clip so I'm glad that I got it back
anyways that was not mine to talk but it
just happened so she has her clip back
this is Lulu
Calvin look so relaxed I think he's
about ready to fall asleep for a nap
I feel like we keep on doing this or end
up having to do this but Ellie and I
just spent the past I don't know 30 45
minutes maybe in an hour and we just re
cleaned and organized the garage but
well we just have like a big group of
people here in the garage for like the
the video shoot that we are doing and so
we just like rearrange this whole back
area put winter stuff away and whose a
four-wheeler over and I want to get a
big hug for all the dachshunds yeah and
then I want to try to figure out how to
make the kids toys look a little better
yeah please tweet me pictures of
something if he knows like some
organizations think about it it will
look so cluttered
yeah and that's like our biggest thing
is that we just don't want to have it
look cluttered I'm going to go back to
low Noah
Saturday workday and I'm going to go get
a big push broom because look at all the
stuff on the ground
yeah do it to it lowers if you guys have
followed us for any amount of time you
know who my Aunt Linda is and apparently
Aunt Linda q if they're talking about
Julie a lot which i think means you've
been talking about me Julie and I are we
look a lot alike and even sometimes my
mom gets confused but I wanted to say hi
to Aunt Linda
because what Aunt Linda watches all the
time and I wanted to say hi Aunt Linda
thank you for watching and I hope that
you had a really happy birthday
the Sun raining all day we've been
working all day so we decide to bring
the kids to the bounce house our town
doesn't have much like to have like
three balanced area depends on it she
likes bounce houses so this is like what
we hope I wish they have like a museum
or something here but they love it
are you kidding me I love it and there's
been like a lawn that was like your son
is fearless hey show me your moves go
for it whoa whoa you can't get in here
oops ha ha ha I'm coming for you I come
in good
Calvin has his own little bounce house
all to himself
Calvin show me your moves
that was my favorite thing there you go
he literally will run into the pillar
and then pop out one dude you scale that
like I put down that wow wow that's
crazy I may have to take it back we too
much weight on this life and it
literally was tipping over came up sorry
here we go this is the one thing I just
found a picture of Tom in America it's
crazy what a one-year difference was
like buddy
put your arms in the air no don't feel
great
Wow every time we come to one of these
things they have like an obstacle course
we have to race through as best we can
at least that's what I feel like anyway
and every time I come here Jack was just
not enough competition for me he's is
not fast enough yet but one day I know
he'll be but some Joel is here I was
thinking that we could run through this
whole thing and race to see who's the
fastest ready dad go
okay one
so we thought we would come back to our
house after we had a great time at the
jump zone and get like he said Saturday
night we're going to Philippi we smelled
this burning thing and come from the
oven I like just pizza I have no idea
how this happened but like look at that
it's completely burnt on that one and
then this one is like oh don't we
where was it that it was like really no
it feels like like that it's like not
even done love is like burning my eyes
are easy this is a convection oven but I
I already just pushed the bake and then
on yeah but Joel says I should if you
don't push convection and won't work
like a convection oven so we're not
cooking like a convection we're just
cooking as a regular oven but that's why
I'm wondering why they burn why a burner
so we're invention bit different as you
push up the spoon vegetation that can
make a different Mendes regularly what
is it my question to be an oven with one
button I make it I didn't cook it you
cook it just perfectly more light or
cook button like you know I went back to
the future what not dehydrating sisa or
something like that like what's taking
so long
yeah that one looks like it's pretty
good yeah
you learn something new every day I
guess you guys want to see like one of
the most frustrating things in the whole
entire world this may drive you a little
mad
I might drive you a little insane we've
got this slice of pizza right here
okay ready good like that and we'll just
you know make another slice right here
and it will just make another slice
right here it'll make another slice
right here and then right here and I was
like why why does that like drive you so
crazy having a pizza cut in a different
way
there was a video online the other day
that I saw like some of the most
frustrating things that you can see in
the video I'll do I find a link it down
below but it's just like oh my gosh you
ruined it you jerk
hey hey it's no time to cook we already
have dinner come on let's go over here
and read a book all that Toby rhyme baby
strain bottle and Big Brother the
cupcake Big Brother are a big shelf pate
first baby is that I always tell Jackson
Calvin this is Jackson and that's
helping ha ha ha
having you next mommy can you say
Jackson yeah big brother and yell
and cake fall I'm seen upside down yeah
that color is like huh do you want a
baby brother or a baby sister a baby boy
Oh another baby brother a night another
Calvin with every so much fun we've
asked Jackson like a bajillion times
like within this last year 2000
cisgendered say sister every time just
having the last baby yeah yeah that's
how I said are plenty of husband kisses
for everyone especially for a big
brother Jackson mommy and daddy have a
question for you
what is
mommy and daddy have another baby my
fine Oh another Calvin you want a baby
brother just like Calvin yeah do you
like Calvin yeah or do you want a sister
like a Lydia is Eric slaggy like old you
are best yeah did you know that mommy
and daddy are gonna try for another baby
soon oh yeah yeah what do you think if
there was like a little baby around
would that be fun
was that baby cried a lot hmm
you know they'll be weird is you'll be
four you'll be a four-year-old that's a
big boy can you show me how to here with
the baby until you're in kindergarten
can you show me four on your fingers
yeah good job Jackson if we have a
little baby would you like to hold the
baby
yeah would you kiss the baby it'd be
pretty special to have another little
baby oh yeah do you know my favorite
picture is a day I had Calvin a new has
my tummy yeah you are hugging out my
tummy
that used to be in one of our intros it
was like my favorite picture I want to
get it printed yeah another one of my
favorite pictures when we brought Calvin
home we did a photo shoot and Jackson is
leaning over Calvin and looking up at
the Cameron smiling and it's just the
cutest and then yeah it's gonna be fun
to go through all of that over again
yeah yeah
can you give me a kiss goodnight oh it
is a bedtime and the kids just ran
downstairs to play first second longer
which I don't mind all yeah and all of a
sudden we hear a thud and then a cry
from Calvin and then Jackson goes very
common I'm sorry and now they're down
their lap and they're laughing and
playing now and it's just like that is
so sweet like they're by themselves and
Matthew Jackson says sorry
you just make sure because it's done and
we're like puzzle how about it is drying
and then really quickly after they start
laughing I'm like we're good were okay
and they're good just escaping on this
count you know what I was on to do what
I would like to floor you about yeah I'm
on a piece of paper like I'm not gonna
actually I'm going to run and then I'll
be like you know what would be nice is
if we took that picture and put it in
the back not sort of made it into real
life
oh I'd like this is getting weird I'm
trying to be funny I was not working
from the water gets soggy and of it then
I would like to take one of your lush
massage bars and rub Bob by it and I'd
love to rub your back I really really
would enjoy that if I could do high-five
okay and then maybe we'll watch like new
girl will watch our shows and I will
binge watch our shows thank you guys so
much for watching our launch day I love
this like we just worked together the
garage lot today and just loved it so
thank you guys for watching sous vide Oh
which is tomorrow
conveniently another baby Calvin oh
don't you love Alvin they love each
other
okay one more thing tomorrow's church
and every time we take the boys up from
church nursery the leaders go your boys
are so cute they love to wrestle and hug
is what they say Calvin will find
Jackson in nursery and they'll hug and
then they'll get on the floor and like
roll around and wrestle it's just so
sweet to hear so I'm glad our boys are
our best friends yeah I hope that's it's
going to stay that way
like sure those are you stuffed on it
they're going to be their best friends I
love that thank you let's go see you
tomorrow at 5:00
