look at you look at you boys were you
playing in the mud look at the stairs
oh my gosh there's so much mud I thought
penny was going to be our problem but
it's you guys good morning we are
rushing it rushing rushing right now one
get ready is for you I get ready we have
a very big day ahead of us today a very
very exciting day and I can't wait Ellie
are you excited on our lunch
what we want to go to like whoo I don't
know it's so much pressuring I'm not a
kids and I got summer ready to play but
I'm is chick-fil-a I think it would be
fun to go to the Cape Verde yeah okay
let's start our Friday happy fun are you
guys I'm how I can't believe this right
now Calvin is going through so much of a
growth spurt none of his shoes are
fitting and so he has to wear Jackson
shoes that Jackson still currently wears
in order to have shoes for the day
Calvin why are you growing up so fast
huh
why is he growing up so fast oh yes
that's I guess that's true okay let's
put Jackson's shoes on Calvin I know you
don't want to these aren't technically
yours but they're going to have to be
for the day plus they look really good
with your outfit choice I think so are
you ready what that was nice I didn't
even ask for one we are going to pick up
something fun for you and Jackson so
I've been wanting to do a few like
indoor plants and she's asking the
ladies in for some questions and then I
find Jenny and her local Rory with
carding captivity and I think I've no
ideas for so long I'm going to do it so
we are here at Lowe's and I saw these
gobblers I thought yes yes Jackson's
going to like it so we're going to grab
one of these and we are going to plant
that what will looks the best we're
going to plant this and a pot for
Jackson and we're going to get you you
want link to and we're going to plant
you a plant okay you guys can water them
anyway I think this would be
for the kids and well I want to do is I
want to plant succulents there is a cute
little dish that I want to order to put
the succulents and I just needed they're
like really cute
I mean all in Calgary but they have some
really pretty ones like over there
there's some pretty ones we are here
you're silly you are showing me your
Utah infertility Resource Center pen
with my good friends we are here at
Ellie's first doctor appointment this is
like marking the official beginning of
this whole journey wouldn't you say
oh yeah this is crazy are you nervous
I'm nervous to see if it hurts because I
may put it in her mouth that yeah
Ellie's getting hurt I need be removed
I'm nervous for you like I really am but
I'm also really excited and it's fun to
be back here and remember all the
appointments that we went to for Calvin
and and just go through that whole
process again and I'm excited to start
with you and we have no idea how long
this is going to take maybe now it might
be fast or it might take a long time we
don't know but pretty good logical yes
good luck with your appointment and yeah
oh good lecture I don't know if it's
butterflies are anxiety I have both your
stomach is in knots right now but here
is my little privacy cloth so they can
lay over my lapis I wish have to tell
them like just do it
it is no need to put a little cloth over
so I have the copper iud which is a form
of prevention to get pregnant it has no
hormones and that's why I thought I
didn't want hormones telling my body
light to not ovulate that make sense
normally with the copper IUD is if you
were to have a cycle you would continue
to have it and a lot of times that's one
of the symptoms is you would have a
stronger and more painful cycle if you'd
be more crampy ER and you'd have a
heavier flow the sense I've had Calvin
I've actually had a few more cycles and
I normally had had in the past which I'm
happy about sighs things about good news
but they definitely have been very
irregular so we'll see how this goes
let me go get my privacy class on and
we'll get the job done that is what it
looks like
crazy so what do you want to hear I want
to hear everything
I'm Jenny it didn't hurt good it was a
little weird it was like I could film
pull and then I was like out I was
talking to him about um just you know
maybe getting pregnant after and how is
your body is supposed to be like after
and he said it says if you've never had
it the size unless you said it's like a
you never had I know okay I'm anxious
didn't feel like you know when you get
like a really really like great booger
and you pull it everything's really it's
just like you know rain came out without
also no I don't know no but he did say
he he left do that because would you
want to keep it and I said actually I do
want to take a picture of it so he
laughed and then there's listed me like
really and I did and you didn't leave it
outside like go under and like what
Catherine Louise you're gonna pick my
eye video no I didn't show all of it cuz
it was oh that was a corrected oh oh
there's a cop right there oh thank
goodness I wonder if she saw luckily it
was like a very slow oh dang it
my tech that is now this hog Jackson is
the Calvin
all the time cue
this is yours
what in the world I look through the
window and I saw two of the messiest
kids in my whole entire life
look at these shoes inside look at your
face
not so bad hold on hold on look at you
look at you boys were you playing in the
mud you guys are so silly Kelvin let me
see your face look at the stairs
oh my gosh there's so much mud I thought
penny was going to be our problem but
it's you guys all right so the kids play
for like over an hour in the mud and I
got these who were to go outside and
we're going to plant them and they're
very excited for Jackson he I hope he
likes it I think that he's crazy not to
like it figured they might as well
playing lush because they wanted to be
outside forget Bay them that's the wrong
business
I bought them for you and Kelvin so I'll
look at it if you want to plant that
Jackson this is called a flytrap we'll
put dirty coal plants okay
you see that is open at its closet like
this if you put a bug in it it'll eat it
I don't know it has to be alive but
Jackson I just caught the bug one see
and then once they catch some three
times big I see it black is that true I
mean guys I may fall off and die is that
clover oh did you point that was so cool
you can eat it can you see that it
closed
yeah it was open and it just closed guys
we caught a spider and we fed your plan
should we get another one
Hey I am so amazed so they eat the bug
and then it takes this has three days to
digest and then once it hits and three
bugs it will go black and I fall off and
a new one will grow I think oh my god
yeah we just saw that little black bug
running and I just saw the stick I'm
like grab-bag doesn't so cool and I
planted that so that's never the
centerpiece for the table book we kids
are so dirty
we had a good day
oh I'm nervous too Ellie just told you
look at the camera right now
Oh Joan just said hey calling your face
time real quick and so Ellie's face time
here and we're just very excited because
we have no idea oh sorry hi hi and you
have a smile on your face oh my gosh I'm
so happy
how can graduation what a great birthday
present
oh my god you guys Oh
oh my gosh like I'm in shock
like I just can't believe it
congratulations guys it's gonna be oh my
gosh you guys oh thank you so much for
letting us be a part of this like this
is amazing
you guys just one more day where we're
so happy thank you it shouldn't really
set in until you said those words
exactly and I just am grateful that I
got to know you guys and sweet mage and
I'm so happy for you and I hope that you
can get lots of rest yes
yeah get as much rest as possible
sometimes it takes a village to get a
baby and sometimes it takes a village to
raise a baby I don't even know what to
say it doesn't feel real
thank you you're very well fun we were
facetiming us we love you guys I really
old Calvin 100 my gosh Ellie that's so
sweet
that is Ellen knows now she can't say I
don't know what just like that what to
say like I don't I don't either like
this is the weirdest thing it's the
whole list thing
do you remember in the video we said we
might be changing someone's life and I
think we have I feel very happy for her
oh my gosh and it's her birthday
I know this is like prime your story too
do you remember we went in on your
birthday my family lost baby sad sands
her she thought nothing eye shadow crazy
skerin everything's okay
so cool I think that John is so cute oh
my god has a ring and that they have
made ashes and it's like a prettiest
ring and then she has he bought hug a
three stone ring firm made her and John
and then today he gave her another stone
to go on top of it for this baby that
he's been carrying around forever for
three and you didn't tell her yeah you
just kept it in his pocket the whole
time like can you imagine just walking
throughout your day just like patting
that you like one of these days I'm
gonna give this to her that's weak
mm-hmm oh my gosh I don't know what to
say
I feel yeah oh my gosh my heart lady
Honda yeah that's really cool I'm just
grateful that we were able to have this
opportunity to even start something like
this like oh what a great great favorite
doctor is like what the heck would we
not define oh if you want to see John
and Joan's video I'll have that linked
down below
congratulations guys we are so happy for
you in the bein starting to better hurry
so we can and I've lost the watch I gave
Ariana and I got this one wrapped around
your neck okay we had dinner we are
doing a movie Beauty and the Beast so
I'm really good do this whenever I heard
only good things
yeah we do okay thanks for watching guys
hope there's always one bad review ello
just gave me off me okay let's go my god
we get
