everybody put your hands below when your
hands forward time here you can't lift
them up it's a random action at the top
of your voice did you drop it
good morning buddy
good morning Calvin that was kind of a
weird yawn how are you guys
are we having pancakes this morning yeah
any mornings a good they like that and
try and not know yeah well they
definitely look good they look healthy
don't they oh yeah you you like sweet
potatoes you know this silly pants McGee
well this is a great morning a great way
to start off an awesome day we've got
some fun stuff going on today I'm
excited about our speaking hole tonight
so mom what do you think I'm handing
over like Randy uh-huh but Oh God the
taste is pretty good good good so we've
got some bacon we've got some pancakes
strawberries and chocolate milk right
bud yeah we were just talking about this
it rained a lot yesterday and it's
raining today but the cool thing about
that is that it just makes the hillside
so green and pretty and look at those
clouds nestled up on the bench but none
awesome where you can continue pretty
pink in case you did lung ton say hi to
our friends after breakfast hours
cleaning up and in our coverage here we
have our cups and bowls and plates and
then over here we I just have a few
white ones that we got but we had all
the kids stuff right here it was just so
tight and it's like I've always getting
in the cupboard to get like a plate or a
bowl or something for the kids for a
snack or a drink and this drawer has
been empty since we moved in I haven't
had anything in here and under here I
really don't have much either have
plenty of room
I decided to put all the kids stuff in
here they have all their plates and I
got yesterday you saw on the video I got
the new place here in a few cuts but you
have everything nice and organized and
these are my one of my favorite sippy
cups
the Nalgene these are like one of my
favorite like water bottles for them and
the brand my god these are called replay
about this you can google or click on
Arizona or something for those but I got
them as sniffing Edwards it's like a
country store so I feel very happy this
drawers very colorful and organized and
makes me very happy so there we go
we have got a long drive ahead of us in
Le you are looking fancy as all get-out
yeah you look so singing to you today
show me your necklace I don't want to
shirt hey watch it oh this one this hour
is cold
I finally would break it out warm yeah I
think you look you know I never wear a
different shirt tonight because I look a
little bit nice in this I mean a nothing
wrong with a good old-fashioned button
up but I have really liked I think it's
in the laundry room that kind of like
purpley off shiny shirt that I got for
Bryan's album release party I really
like that I think I'm gonna wear that
tonight but maybe not while I'm driving
so doesn't all wrinkly that sorta make
you stop looking at penny mm-hmm Penny's
coming along the rest
I think someone's late where where's
Calvin
where is Calvin did you have a good nap
in here
mmm you slept for like two and a half
hours man that is awesome high-five are
you ready to go you're going on ice
right let's go running in rhythm I know
I've done a good job parenting when we
get in the car the kids ask for a few
movies every single time first movie
right now I know I'm not a I'm a good
parent okay if they ask for goofy movie
I know I have done my job I'm done you
can pick up the list all right what's
going down here my little 20 minutes
oh my little pussy my face you got all
ready to fight some crime don't you
Superman
good you guys going to have fun today
good Oh Calvin look at him go off like
we said he's just mr. end-up any like I
don't care what I'm doing as long as I'm
having fun playing I don't care who I'm
with hey hey you
oh I know
yes oh you are more than welcome to stay
safe it's not in the palace knowing I go
way back
so I'll be a good way back Jackson come
here okay guess what mommy and daddy are
going to go speak element and you are
going to stay here in your favorite
color does that sound fun yeah
whoa whoa what happened here what
happened he did she do that herself yes
that's so funny hey mom thanks so much
for doing this for us of all we go
you're not loving give your mama honey
okay love you
NorCal Allah he's just off plan yeah
he'll probably get this hey must love
you
my knowledge my grandpa yeah are you
nervous no cuz it's a five-minute not a
lot it's not a long time to speak we
definitely focus longer than that but I
think this will be fun we even have won
him in a video that will take up one
minute of the five I walked in with my
wife but now she's not oh there you are
I don't think at all you're just making
fixes so the show is about to begin
we're in the theatre and we have a video
that's going to be played in the theater
so nothing big news we have a one minute
video that seriously on the big screen
respond to certain like pops everyone
there's like the bloggers here bloggers
to your friends instagramers also lots
of social people they're launching
season 2 of a TV show called of random
acts of kindness on BYUtv yeah I'm
excited that they asked us if we would
want to be on an episode right now -
yeah
so raining candy Virginia here but I
just made that up
well we're going to get something for
free or not but we're seeking massive
because of what we did with the IDF
remember I did talk a little bit
remember other people that are here that
are going talk forever this can be fun
for do neat games that they're donating
a thousand dollars to do a dirty how
many questions do they need to get right
they need three questions to win come on
Stuart you got it how many ballet
slippers
does the average ballerina wear out in
one week the prints are right in your
camera no - I just guide you 6 1 2 2 2 2
3 2 unfortunate - for a lot Lake
Superior
Great Salt Lake no Lake Como or Lake
Ontario
incorrect
- argh come on Stuart like in soccer how
many yellow cars result in the erection
of a player on the game
you're correct he gets to Johnny $1,000
to whatever charity on that list for
prevention and the max of kindness
he's reminisce about your own think
about what you've done in the past and
what you can do in the future because
every single little act helps every
single act from large to small
it all counts and we've been thinking
and talking about season one and
everything that we've done in season one
but who here would like to see a
never-before-seen segment from season
two
the Ammar salvation of ours and
international charity that helped people
communities rebuild their lives when
faced by conflict civil disorder and
disruption
everybody put your hands full when your
news for word is concrete answer listen
up it's a random act at the top of your
voices you drove it well I did the
absolute ugly-cry watching that will
tell you a little bit of warm out in the
car but everyone got $5 to donate to one
of the charities that they have a box
here sinners also Jared and I are doing
now got your money yes I'm going to do
one here and Make A Wish Foundation and
I'm going to do one at the operation
underground rail because I know those
guys well and it's amazing it still kind
of sex shop yeah so you're going to do
them awesome good job le
like it's so incredible that people
would think of us to do to speak at
something like this it's just weird that
what we did actually happened and like
yeah well I can wrap my head around the
significance I remember going to Relay
for Life events and seeing all these
amazing things that people did for these
friends and family who had cancer just
like wishing like I hope I can do
something like that it's just like
hitting me like the realization of what
we've done is then do what people have
done what we've done and what people
have done for us like you said it's just
like oh my gosh my heart is is so full
of gratitude right now and it's just
going to this event and seeing what they
do at random acts it's like make-a-wish
Foundation they were there tonight too
it just inspires you we have so much
more and be better we have done the ugly
cry tonight I feel very very honored
that they would want us to come and
speak here the make-a-wish Foundation he
was here and he said here in Utah they
do and make a wish every other day
for children and they shared a story and
it was a chaired recur and I bawled the
random act of kindness in season two is
coming out and they shared a little clip
with us that was the clip you saw that
was a clip that I didn't ugly cry it was
so beautiful just this disabled baby and
parents adopted this baby and just like
her life is beautiful and like she was
beautiful and they were able to do a
random act for her something that she's
always wanted to do and she can't do
because of her disability but they were
able to help me to happen and I did ugly
cry and if I think about it anymore
tonight I could do the ugly cry guys it
was beautiful and we can just beautiful
like a beautiful girl I just doing like
her dream and it just is really pretty
to watch and I told audiences like we
cry a lot if we talk about through the
philosophy Jewish foundation guys are
like why am I here in them oh but it
just was a really fun night for Jared
night to be able to do this it inspires
me on because we want to do more and to
be better and did you hire on that we
have like perfect oh my god like we have
such an amazing community unity you guys
are so awesome we can do so much
together and that and that's the thing
is like every we're not trying to be
like oh we're so glad like we could like
our situation is amazing and everybody
can do something for someone else bigger
small today when we are talking I said
the biggest thing that people have done
for us has been supportive and I said
that's the cheapest thing you could do
for someone is be supportive even if you
don't think or believe what the other
person is doing is right you be
supportive if you'd be loving because
at the end of the day down is what math
is I'm very grateful so that's it
I'm going to go ahead and say goodbye
before we ball more we're going to go
pick up the kids and we held a two and a
half hour drive back home and then we
have a really busy day tomorrow and I'm
hoping we can go on a date tomorrow
night because we're going to tell you
about emotionally emotionally crazy in a
good way being emotional and a happy way
can be drinking too so thank you guys
for watching every day we will see you
guys tomorrow I hope you have a
wonderful weekend and go do something
small and random for somebody we'll see
you guys tomorrow
right so guys wasn't reaching out the
cabin we've all been living it all out
glad I have you I love you my god I love
you we could be boobs and poop buddies
together for life
