whatever makes it work I guess right
good morning guys we are off to a really
start is just Calvin Reiser there ups
this morning know why
Kevin woke up at 6:00 and I went and
laid on the floor in his bedroom because
I was the only way I get understand that
you're like Shaq Shaq lay down and he
had his ukulele from last night and
played for a flower and I enjoyed it it
wasn't like you know sometimes on kids
play music it's like okay stop now it
was like he was like strumming really
soft it was really cute trade me music
this morning you're like tit tape guitar
he's watching Petra haha wait for
everyone else to wake up it has been
raining all night and all morning and I
love seeing like the clouds on the
mountain I talk so cool the fog to see
if they say can you walk to me he
created you okay - maybe it's Bonnie
said she likes the rain boots here at
Walmart cuz they have come in a lot of
colors no really good price cuz I
thought they're a little big but so that
the small size they carry okay sit still
on stand there okay you know those might
work and then I have these blue ones for
Jackson do kids wear larger sizes and
rain boots those are a big size you've
seen bigger
mm no no some I had to come back they
don't have a ton of sizes right now I
think I'm going to be just as
disappointed as you have I think they're
too big I'm like really sad we might
have to just order alright I'm in this
section again and a lion on Twitter said
to get the pink ovulation test which I
believe I got this when I was trying to
get pretty good job because I like that
it has a smiley face and
happy to pay more money because there
are some that just do lines and I kind
of just like the fact that this is the
society base or no it's kind of very
easy to read so this is crazy this
culture is lost on - there's the
ovulation test pretty - test I'll grab
these bad boys as weird dad we can't get
rainboots happy to get yourself one of
these just the thing my stomach has
butterflies like crazy I'm going to grab
these two for when the time does come
he's so excited you know that I found I
was talking with you here at this store
which is crazy if I really would have
thought I was pregnant there's no way I
would have you been tested like we
filmed and I figured honestly that
footage but it was true a couple weeks
ago I ordered a brand new box of
contacts which is like so refreshing
because I have been wearing my old pair
for like way longer than I should have
been and they were starting to get like
really irritating in my eyes and when I
put the new ones in they felt amazing it
was like I was like putting on a brand
new pair of socks or underwear it's just
like the best but for some reason today
when I put them in this happens quite
frequently with contacts is you have
something in them they're just not
fitting right that day but today for
some reason I put them in and I was just
like oh my gosh like instant headache
like man I can't do that so I'm wearing
my glasses today if you guys haven't
noticed like I can't remember who was
Jackson or Calvin but like the frames
are totally bent so I asked they're like
crooked on my face so that's what I'm
going to be doing today because I have a
lot to do and I can't go through the day
with it just a terrible incapacitating
headache for my contacts please tell me
I'm not alone in this am I in my alone
or do you guys have something like this
- it just totally makes me want to do
LASIK Carl and ginger both had it done
and they said it was like the best
decision they've ever made do you think
have been here
hey guys I have my crew Bonnie and I had
come to Smith and Edwards course for
they just they have everything we bought
cuts plates and bowls last summer and I
saw I bought plenty and I feel like I
need to buy anymore so we're going to
buy a few cut because you like this if
you cut I'm try think you guys might
want another brand because we've had
lots people ask us I know just says free
today
there we go okay what it is okay let's
try and grab on he wants to get up we
always like coming to the store growing
up because we usually don't usually we
always got a tree left so over here they
have tons of like kitchen stuff
tons of camping stuff tons of like ten
clothing some food like this just this
huge sore that has everything you could
ever want or imagine they have to cute a
full bench up front I should show you on
our way oh it's so cute for the kids and
to have everything in like tiny size I
know what I will and I have them all in
my hand rounds like I know captain do
those so I think that everything a warm
but yeah okay there no say for saying I
don't want you know what you did yellow
coat I really am Brooke okay Jax what do
you think of the booth do you like on so
there's these rain boots you like what
Calvin's trying on twice eww size in
your height I'll be playing fall
unfortunately those rain boots were so
cute but they were just too warm
did you see it's just entities in the
viewfinder put your Han please we put it
on please okay so then I found it
Jackson a pair of ranges and then I buy
that I was like I'm just gonna order
both of them some on Amazon
it says walmart head so but no idea
sighs I didn't seen you today feel this
is a little bench so I thought was so
cute I want a little daddy baby it's
cute I will be good moisture on it
wow that's perfect Calvin sighs oh thank
you good boy give me mister
are you thinking oh thank you he picked
me rain rain rain that is what we are
seeing today penny and I have a little
date today she's very excited about that
when I get the leash on she like she
knows something's happening and she
always gets really excited as most dogs
do penny I'm sorry to say that this
isn't a date that you probably want to
go to we are going to the event yeah
it's just her like her normal checkup
that she has and she gets to you know
some like rabies shots because she's
just a little older than four months old
so you ready penny we're going to go on
a little daddy-daughter date no not like
that but you know kinda I guess I'm
steady doggy date disc an emu yeah oh
you're so silly
hey you guys are all tangled up well I
think you can show what so they just
brought penny back from getting her
temperature cool we were ready into each
other aren't we got her temperature and
weight and everything and she is in a
good way really great because it will
have they tend to over eat I know
puppies have a harder time they've grown
weather a lot will eat anything it's so
annoying things that a good way it makes
me feel good that's feeding your
probability and that she's not eating
too much enough so good girl penny
okay can you do it sounds like you don't
want to dr. pepperoni pizza good run he
lifted up a sure I can you mess that 11
is now living in my head how to lemonade
we keep all of that in family pokeballs
you know we love you
some are sure I did my you're gone okay
oh wow
look how clean those are so I put all
the winter stuff away
okay bye bye the kitchens open le that
looks so good good
yeah all the ones I even rinsed off your
bushes there was like mud all over I'm
thank you so much clean your luck I
tried hey Cal come on out oh what a life
Calvin what alive a fresh haircut a nice
warm bath and peppa pig is at my sister
sighs cut her hair and guys I want to
film it so bad but I thought I cannot
interrupt them being so good so I just
cut it but they both got there they both
had a sucker and I cut both their hair
well yeah and I would have filmed it
having often so
in your hair when we go to them bet
yours Annette thank goodness is fine
Jamaica I haven't watched it because
became doctors can they need to get it
done and Sunkist versus that one of
these data these kids hug each other
like non-stop calorie was that yeah
camel we're just hugging in oh sorry saw
I hope he doesn't get in I rented that
safety Hamill he's been doing it for me
lately heavily backswing well that was
kind of an awkward waste of it that's
what I do sick and a later headbands
open to whatever makes it work I guess
right
hey if you have to write a song and
makes a poop in the toilet I'm all for
it we've noticed there's tons of like
potty time songs on YouTube that Jackson
actually likes to watch while keep going
potty like poops on my brother Ryan
showed me that I want to show you guys
their hair Calvin I always just coast a
common scissors whoo oh and he has a
little curl up top so leave it he's - no
coat check out she quite a bit up top
because his sides haven't grown much
Jackson we actually cut a lot off the
top of your hair can you show me the
front yeah the top I actually cut a lot
well actually when I get mad added
plenty when we first got married George
was like when we'd be talking in period
I would thank you and I'd egg but I
guess minds like I do this a lot and I
do that to Jackson I'm sure cuz one day
I was like kind of getting after him he
was gone
I was like are you looking at my
eyebrows Ellie likes to communicate with
her eyebrows and that's fine I like to
communicate with my eyebrow I'm Jerry
and I haven't been around each other
much today you kind of done you're
seeing and I sent I've been doing lots
of trying to get the kids some stuff for
spring and summer and I also jared knew
i was gonna go get these because i got
today and it was really weird
the last time i we bought these was when
you're trying to get pregnant with
jackson and i do remember we got a
smiley face I remember early in the
morning one why does it make me oh don't
cry why does it make me like cuz it's
crazy how many happiness
Allah how many of these have we get and
it's crazy and I remember when we got
the smiley face we got like I can just
run and I don't think that Sona got
pregnant but I remember okay but we were
so excited It was as if it was a
pregnancy we're like what it was in our
first apartment after college all right
uh-huh I'm sorry that I could
okay Oh help me excited mm-hmm but you
guys know about the seven IVF grants and
you know about Aaron Riley and they are
expecting in the next couple that was in
the IDF was John and John and they find
out officially tomorrow
it's the IVF process work she did post
an Instagram Reza messaging her tonight
and she was spotting and so they have
her on some progesterone I believe which
is what they put me on when I was
spotting a Calvin yeah and so me and her
of childhood quite a bit tonight and
she's resting now but she said she is
very unhelpful and so tomorrow they'll
be finding out so I don't know like if
they are when they will announce it but
I know that they will so I'm definitely
follow her on Instagram because she's
gone posting a lot lots of emotions I'm
excited for that
it says the super exciting science good
luck to you me love you guys we are
going to put these kids to bed I'm going
to cut Jared Perry's your treatment for
my hair we have a really fun day
tomorrow we are going to go speak out
 about the IVF grants so I'm excited
for that
Kelvin can you come take a night coming
oh you came back
you came back to say good night Calvin
where are you nug Neil you're a
good boy you know what I was proud of
you today for being a good listener
you followed me around the store and
you're such a good listener I appreciate
it okay good night mr. cow got taken out
Sean away you guys crazy he has not been
on the phone all day just in the morning
and at night which is what we do kisses
good night love you don't go give him a
hug good night didn't count just Jackson
huh admit you hugged a little too long
go well what do you guys think of the
new haircut I really like it
Ellie told me to like not do it so up so
high and just kind of like let it be
soft and everything anyway
that is going to be it from us today
guys thank you so much for watching if
you enjoyed watching the video give it a
thumbs up and you will see you guys
tomorrow bye
