there's always a little bit of time
right before bedtime to fight some crime
are you going to fight some crime
Iron Man baby man yeah hoax Marsh there
he goes to save the world or at least
the living room waiting for the magic
goblin I'm sure you've got some soon
guys here our sound guy he really likes
us Oliver me
we they've blocked out the windows for
lighting we're actually just getting
ready for lunch I have not been in my
pajamas all day I just got into them
we're telling something really fun I
would also like a clip in without
cohesion so don't drink that yet dummy
okay great do you want to do the same
thing to gummy bears I think okay good
job le you pass the thing all right I
feel a little spoiled look at all this
yummy food in our garage you guys I want
to know who's all works with Food
Network is that YouTube those two what
did you just recently work on with the
Food Network or you guys said you were
going to do like Top Chef or something
nice month yeah that's a cool and you're
in my house you've had a lot of fun
filming so and we're not a little bit I
know filming in our jammies eating
talking talking about work not a shabby
day it's three o'clock I think we're
done because we're here we'll right the
kids are here for the first a little bit
and then they are playing at the
neighbor's house were to go get them but
I have to show you guys our fence guys
have been here all day and look we have
just the pole lining of the fence on
each side feels great out here so warm
snow starting to melt in the mail and
good hmm so sounds making me sad Oh
how many of you guys just yawn right now
I really want to know with his young
contagion contagious enough for you
Calvin just woke up and I can just tell
from the sound of his voice he's not
feeling like you can kind of hear in the
throat oh is that waking up last night
for hours both of them I don't know just
I don't know maybe like a sore throat or
cold or something like that Oh
hmm these guys need a little more TLC
okay I've got the kid settle down for a
bit and what we were talking about at
the table was that the kids I just don't
think they're feeling all that great
right now they go to bed actually really
really well Calvin you know still
getting adjusted to his toddler bed but
he's doing pretty good and Jackson we've
actually been working with him we used
to used to take a long time to get him
down to bed but we're actually changing
some things and he's doing really really
well with it without having us you know
nearby or anything even with these
adjustments these kids are doing really
good at going to sleep but in the middle
of the night eleven twelve o'clock two
three four o'clock they're waking up and
you know wanting to come into our room
and everything because the frequency of
them waking up we think it's something
more so we're just going to keep a close
eye on how they're feeling and
especially how the throat is but I think
there's some correlation there so we're
going to make sure they're doing pretty
good and test it out tonight and see how
it goes
mr. Calvin how are you are you sharing
thank you
you know he will not let this little
bear go and because I hit the neighbors
today and did they give it to her than a
borrower I don't know this woman might
well it might be his mouth wash in
really good he has stuff all over him
he's been holding him all day and
kissing him yep just like that yeah well
I don't kitchen he loves stuffed animals
so much like he just squeezes them to
death I know and literally did that was
like he Bruins them the sun is shining
it's so beautiful it's getting ready for
bedtime
Jackson's out in the front yard playing
a friend's or enjoying a popsicle
tomorrow Jer and I are going to speak
and not tomorrow Thursday Oh
but tomorrow phenomena tomorrow so we we
have a free day tomorrow I need to cut
your hair you can cut my hair and then
we can take the family on the
four-wheeler
yeah that sounds fun yes let's do that I
need to cut your hair and the kids I do
not want you but I need to I have a
couple meetings but those will go by
quick and they're like phone calls so
they're no big deal today was a little
not a normal day was out there full of
shooting but I'm really enjoying just
sitting and watching like the kids play
did you see our fence posts and your
fence post all around the edge I like I
can't wait I'd never know excited oh I'm
just so excited for penny and for us oh
be nice just like go outside especially
of grass I can't wait to do that maybe
for Mother's Day
should I get a patio stay particular
commonness have a special Mother's Day
but today Erica's mom k ll see you have
to be on your best behavior
Simo see is this all that was left over
from craft services I'm not not in even
in the slightest they even brought dr.
pepper this is like all part of the
shoot okay penny feel free how about it
take what you want a lot of people care
there's probably ten yeah I think ten is
mattress oh is that for the shoot we
just got back from a little family walk
in the neighborhood it is gorgeous and
beautiful outside and the kids loved it
and I loved it and the thing that I love
about our neighborhood and like everyone
without by everyone was talking to each
other everyone was just having fun
she wants something so bad and penny
like she's doing better and better on
her walks I love it I just said
something about the warm weather you
just like oh oh I just feel good I feel
like life again yeah
so good enjoyment so they've them
working on the fence again today even
though even more than I talked about
earlier the back fences who posted the
polls and normally should be much up
here because we are up here very much
that diet all of this will be grass look
at this huge section up here and when
this pile of dirt is gone like all of
this I can't wait to be so nice we're
going to have so much fun this summer
with our grasp fenced yard and oh man
Jack is melty now I would anymore he
looked up to the clouds above and for us
all for Catarina pr√≠ncipe yes it
doesn't even matter we're raising
Christmas in March it has three out
brother buried or involved we are making
when were there and what a wonderful
Christmas house there's always a little
bit of time right before bedtime to
fight some crime huh are you going to
fight some crime
Iron Man baby man yeah okay show me your
Iron Man powers show me oh yeah Hulk
smash
there he goes to save the world or at
least the living room
okay guys I just hung out some really
really good news I just got an email not
too long ago that says that the DJI
video that we worked on a few months ago
in the wintertime you know we went out
in the woods and films it is now live on
their YouTube channel see look there it
is
but there it is a lot of you guys asked
me to let you know when that video was
up so you could see it well here it is
I'm going to have a link down below and
in the cart up in the corner I was so
shocked when DJ I wanted to do this
video with us they came to us and they
asked us and we were thrilled because
obviously you guys know that I love what
they make and everything because I was
so happy to do this like I would love it
if you guys went over and watch the
video and just like let some positivity
on that video it would just mean the
world to me if you guys did that so like
I said I'll have the video link down
below and in the card in the corner
please check it out and leave some
positivity for these guys because it was
a lot of fun and they worked really hard
and I'm really excited about it when we
were walking outside and we had the
family and all of the neighbors were
outside one of our neighbors just had a
brand new baby like four days ago a week
ago
yeah and I thought her walking out she
had this what is selling that the slowly
rap I'm glad you know all these terms I
have totally forgotten and she had the
baby wrapped up in this little soy wrap
and it was just so sweet and so tender
no iru to go say hi to her yeah yeah and
they give her a miniature straight I
just I saw her I was like she looks so
sweet that newborn baby is just so
tender and and precious
I am so baby hungry right now and and
like we've talked about having a baby
for a while but it's just like not to be
shared if you guys
son more like this is it like we are
actively like knowing that we are going
to try soon and I was thinking I was
like if you asked one of us like who is
more baby hungry right now I think it
would be me
well Jared Asin he's like so what did
you think when you saw like the baby and
I said I don't know how I'm going to
cope but I have probably a year to deal
to to cope with knowing like I won't get
much sleep like I we don't do well with
a lack of sleep because if you go to bed
late as it is
because you know Jared's importing and a
lot of our work is at night and then we
also want to be together and watch a
show so then that gets into the later
part of the night one of the kids ends
up waking up but lately it's just been
both and you know we just came off of a
week trip so I'm sure we're just all
getting back into the group of things I
don't know how I sell well and I gave me
a little anxiety inside knowing because
I was like Oh Harry - is it oh not sleep
in but we're doing good my ah I will and
that's you're exactly right and like
Calvin was difficult but I think when
we're thinking of that we're thinking
about sleeping right now and then adding
a newborn baby it'll I don't yeah at
least 9 months yeah probably Harlan and
Jackson to get settled in their new
sleeping habits yeah I think so I don't
think it'll be that bad but Ellie is
right like we don't do well like weekly
like last night it was like three and 12
it was like what are you on he just was
sitting there walked out of his room
came in here just like would not go to
bed Jared's like I can't do this anymore
I was like I'm not getting that we look
back on it and laugh really hard but
like ugly moments it and the moment were
like who are we right now
make Gotham will be like oh we fought
like crazy but we're not not each other
know those when I inviting so tired
please let us know if you're like that
so we know we're not alone it's been a
great day has not been crazy but we're
going to call it a night we've actually
got our show like ready to go but it's
not a bunch of new shows lately which
has been fun yeah
so thank you guys so much for watching
the video if you enjoyed it hit that
thumbs up button we're starting a brand
new journey if you guys ready to join it
with us at that subscribe button thank
you guys and I like we said before we
know a lot of people have been watching
us from the beginning and are still
struggling and we think about you guys
and we hope all as well and we're
excited tomorrow we're going and we're
talking and we're talking about a little
bit about infertility and tarball
ascribe to denies yep grant yeah that's
actually Thursday comment offer you get
I am so our sole loss in the week right
now but okay yeah bye guys
