so today is going to be kind of an
interesting day today Ellie told me that
she wants to call her doctor and the
fertility specialist to let them know
that we're ready to have a baby I'm
excited
but I also don't know what they're going
to say today so we'll have to see what
Ellie says she's all done hi good
morning
how was your first night in your big-boy
bed
was it good and crazy haha you woke up a
few times and one time you stayed in bed
and a few times you got out good pretty
good huh it how did you it's been one
week since you have gone to preschool
are you ready to go back to school and
see all your friends you know what's
funny is like he took you right back
into his his normal stuff you've got
lightning McQueen in your hand you
haven't played with Lightning McQueen
for a week and then all of a sudden boom
it's Monday don't blame the cleanup on
him what does this look like to you guys
hi Cal Cal is my love grocery shopping
buddy today and I am doing a few
episodes today of what's in Ellie's
belly was Bonnie I have all of our
spirits and vegetables and I've got my
little cow checking off grocery item
list I picked up a few things at the
grocery store that I haven't got before
they had a bunch of these juices we are
sucker for juices and I picked up this
I've never seen before but sweet potato
pancake we love pancakes I like sweet
potatoes pancakes is like one of
Jackson's favorite candy in the morning
so we're going to check that out and see
if that's good but have all of our
vegetables and spreads I need to cut it
and get ready for when Bonnie comes over
because we're making some videos out of
everything I showed you I forgot to show
you the best part I got a little bowl of
these yummy liquor snacks for Bonnie my
factory oh my god these are amazing and
they remind me of my grandma grandpa
yes all right there is the aftermath of
some of our work that we have done I
think we did a pretty good job of
keeping the kitchen clean what we were
doing though that we tried if you guys
want to see these videos you have to go
to my channel telling me John and Bonnie
it will be instagramming and treating
them as well on her account thank you
that was fun and they all feel so good i
have cilantro my teeth in the doorbell
right now so I've got that every offense
guy the landscaper Kim day and the sky
attorneys like we're starting I'm like
yes oh you're dead you get cheap creams
and she's amazing air defense guy she's
like yeah I treated that today has been
like really productive and it's not only
just been productive for me and Ellie we
have so many things going on at the
house today it's kind of crazy but kind
of awesome at the same time I've got to
show you a couple things we've got a
rental truck that came and dropped off
some stuff we've got all of this amazing
equipment and crew what's up guys how's
it going good
Comcast is even here Jackson is here
riding his bike in the dirt are you
having fun buddy you're so good at that
we've even got people covering these
little holes for a minute here we've got
one there and then we've got one over
there we've got postholes being dug for
our fans which is Roberto turbo
seriously I am so excited about the Sun
and so is miss penny aren't you excited
huh no like it's a good girl just of a
girl bit of you and I was just wondering
when doctor next available opening is I
was wondering I could get my schedule my
IUD out I can squeeze you in on Friday
March 24th
then um not again oh no I think it
should be good no that was a good arm
I was just looking at her I think that
sounds great thank you okay I'm getting
it you too bye bye
that's crazy
doctor's office how are you good thank
you so much for calling me back I just
had a question for you
three years ago I changed your guys's
office and I ended up getting pregnant
on Samara with my son between Jen and
getting pregnant when he was nine months
old as our other son I had only like one
cycle there was no cycles leading up to
me getting pregnant and then now my son
is 2 and I'm just getting my IUD out
while being on the IUD my cycles I've
had some but they've been irregular so I
was just wondering like was getting that
out would you recommend me just waiting
a few months and trying would it be best
if I did something else thank goodness I
like tried like Samara again yeah give
me just one second ok ok so honestly
we're thinking that probably once you
get that removed if that will induce a
period so actually caused you to have a
cycle yeah but we have PCOS yeah
so we're thinking if you once you get
that removed if you don't start one
within a little just because you can do
oscillation predictor kits but with PCOS
they're probably not even gonna pick it
up I don't know if you've used them
before that was a talking with doctor
issues think you better just be better
if you don't start a period within a
month or two and we can induce a period
with progesterone and then you could do
another time intercourse cycle cool ok
just cuz you don't really know when you
would be ovulating yes when you said
they don't usually pick up us like um an
ovulation is it because I'm not
ovulating herbs because it's like not
the hormones really not there to pick it
up usually if you're not obviously
okay then we will try that out and then
we will call you back if we need to okay
okay thanks Harry showed it and let us
know if you have any other questions
okay bye bye Jamie that was a little
crazy so I called my doctor after
Jackson I never wanted to do any sort of
event gym just because I felt like if we
were to get pregnant again that would be
okay but I felt like emotionally and
physically okay and because we had
waited so long with Jackson I didn't
want to like prevent anything
from happening and so when Jackson
assignments olds we got pregnant with
Kelvin I had only one cycle and that was
when Mike Jackson was like four months
old so the other four months I had had
no cycle and then after Kelvin I fell
not physically and emotionally and
everything if I were to get pregnant and
I would definitely wasn't ready and so I
got the copper IUD it has no hormones
and while being on that I actually have
had some cycles but they have been very
irregular and I don't know if that my
body or being on that but there's where
I'm at and so I have it scheduled for
Friday to get out I'll buy some
ovulation tests and we'll just like go
from there and we will see how this
process works we are getting more
excited every day it's crazy to think
about and it's crazy to like be calling
these doctors so I called my doctor and
then I called the actual fertility
clinic when I was done just to tell on
what was going on and just to ask their
opinion because I felt like I had enough
wasted is a good word but I feel like I
wasted a year of trying because I hadn't
called and gotten second opinions and I
was just with one doctor and I was
taking coma after coma after clomid I
don't want to do that that was their
recommendation is see how I'm doing and
maybe get ovulation tests on track after
I get the IUD out and then we'll go from
there
hey mister good morning you took a good
nap mister towel you took over a
three-hour nap because you woke up a few
times last night in your eyes
oh love you you guys have fun at the
park hi oh thank you stinky bum well I
brought penny with me to meet up with
you guys and I just saw a sign that says
no dogs alone well that must have a
cancels up to this should we go to the
other one the napkins come in enough to
have they played here and totally on it
and I like it all right we'll go up
penny run around for hold on go grab
jacks Jack oh wow that was so cool I saw
you launch that car do you want to show
me again okay hey you ready go for it
oh that was fun huh okay guess what
Jackson we're going to go to the other
Park Oh penny can run around okay okay
let's go so we had so much stuff going
on at the house so we thought it'd be
nice to get the kids out and Ellie and I
out of the house for a minute so I took
the kids out for a little bit first and
then we met up at the park turns out
that Park is no dogs allowed so we came
back to our normal spot and Penny is out
running around having some fun she she's
just good looking god I like she's kind
of I like her I like you penny so we're
just out enjoying the fresh air the kids
are having a snack right now
and has just been a really great day I
love days where you feel productive
where you get a lot of stuff done and
today we've got a lot of stuff done so I
feel really good and like this end of
day walk with my dog and my family is
very enjoyable very nice hi hey you guys
are good get the toy to the toy hi yeah
that looks cool it's got all the leaves
in it we found you hi
today was intense film two videos all
day had people here like putting stuff
on windows getting ready to film
tomorrow we've got a big project
tomorrow that we're going to do so we
had the whole crew here holy cow and
calling all the doctors so I talked to
my doctor after I had had Calvin and I
was like I don't know what I'll do the
next time around and I gave him a little
rundown and I said would I be able to
like talk to you I sister my doctor and
he said honestly if you'd been to the
fertility clinic
he goes I would just go right back there
he said so if you have any issues go
with them and I'll pretty much just be
your doctor to deliver your baby and
stuff I was like okay so I kind of
wanted to call Bo just so I was better
informed myself and I'm glad that I did
this is I haven't heard any of this so
I'm just as excited as you are to see
what she's yeah there's a veggie Aldi
another reason I called the specialist
as well is because one of you on Twitter
you're like I know this is personal but
I just something you know your body
seems to be leveled out after having
Calvin and what are you going to do and
it was like oh I'm going to do
ambulation test and then after I had
said it out loud as like that like makes
no sense because if I am NOT regular
kind of like pointless to do but anyway
just fertility specialists pretty much I
said give yourself a month or two if you
have a cycle track it and if not just
come in that's kind of what we're doing
right now is a new order some tests you
know what's different is we live a lot
further away from the fertility
specialist than we did the first time we
went through the like an hour and a half
away you know but I would go to then
because that I like them and they help
just the infertility grants as well they
were one of the donors donors and they
were there as the awards banquet that
and it was just fun to like catch up
with them and they didn't even really
realize what we were doing when we were
filming all of our appointments
especially here in Utah at least from
our perspective as people just don't
really bothered in some places I think
now they're like that's what happened
but we didn't expect
a bunch of people have to see it either
so it's kind of funny I wondered if I
call if they were like yeah don't film
this time today went mine cuz I under
how many people have gone to the clinic
because of us filming there and I'm sure
a lot they they made life that we did
them I don't know yeah I'm not that so
thank you guys so much for watching and
this is something that I specifically
this I was debating if I wanted to share
this or not but like I said the other
day I just I want to share this for
myself and I know a lot of you guys have
followed from the beginning and so I
definitely want to share for that reason
as well but I wanna look back whether
it's like right away we get pregnant or
if it's not I want to document it so
thank you guys so much for watching I
love what we do and I'm glad that we can
do this we'll see you guys tomorrow
we're the folks
