so we had dinner and the boys played and
now it's actually time for bed Jackson
oh here Calvin oh my gosh I'm making
this mistake when we have two boys and a
dog how am I going to do this when we
have another kid
good morning guys and happy Sunday so
how do you guys feel about our little
discussion that we had in the car
yesterday I'm pretty excited about it we
haven't quite told the kids yet like
what we talked about yesterday obviously
I don't think Calvin will quite
understand but I think Jackson will have
a pretty good understanding about if we
told him what we talked about what it
would be yes we are going to church
today are you so excited the kids are
already dressed and ready to go
Ellie you look stunning as ever Calvin
you look great too we just spent the
boys a little snack and today we are
actually going to change
Calvin's bed into a toddler bed and I
don't know how I feel about that quite
yet yes you have a big-boy bed don't you
so we're going to change Calvin's bed
into our toddler bed before we go to
church okay
get the pillow feeling guys this is what
Jackson what did you remember what he
said thank you
these tools are mean Issa okay I can't
wait Ty's big and tall like you and I
can make tools and do things like you
things are amazing
you know what you can help dad hold this
big one this one's just for you Calvin
we didn't take apart we take this part
off right here okay I'll talk okay so I
want you boys to go on that side and I'm
going to go on this side and we're going
to take it off together okay okay that's
perfect
turn it off you guys get one walk good
right here okay now we can come in okay
there we go
hey yeah well you know why he was on a
queen bed all week I think if he falls
off that little ledge he'll be just fine
so this one I can you help dad with the
tools to put it on okay hold this part
right there can you hold that up perfect
good job
got some good helper you screwed up yeah
help me with an apple carrot come - so
cool - er it's not quite ready yet
okay you want there buddy I'll hold it
and you pull the trigger okay okay there
it is all set up well not quite all set
up but the framing is there right yes
you guys go out and also ah okay boys
come on out with me and mommy's going to
set this up you daredevil you come over
here jump to my arms one yeah nice and
clean room cute bed citizen made with
these little puppy dogs because they'll
just favorite things to sleep with KCAL
ready what do you think Calvin k can you
lay down cow
gabi doggy says oh hey this is your new
bed okay now on we go to sleep Alvin
when we go to sleep we have to stay in
our bed okay
we don't get out of our bed unless we
are ready to wake up for the morning
okay sound good he did so good this week
on when we were traveling on his side he
slept like on a queen bed all week and
loved it so and he like stayed on the
bed shift so we'll see how this goes I
imagine he'll get out because it's just
a short part of the process it's a
learning process and you know this day
was coming sooner than later so why not
Rhino don't look at them get all
snuggled should we all go out for a
minute
oh how fun to do you have till church
yeah
twelve okay so we have like 45 minutes
okay
there's Calvin you don't want me dead
you didn't mean I had to go in probably
three times cutting off that and lay
them on this bed and say go to bed and
everybody with them for a second when we
got back from church we just have a lot
of fun we played outside with a bunch of
the neighbor kids because it's like 70
degrees outside and it's so awesome
but apparently tomorrow is tomorrow it's
going to rain I guess it's supposed to
rain so that's kind of discouraging but
we have an awesome week full of Sun
haven't we wow you're crazy
get out is now every year our church
changes time so it's either early in the
morning in the afternoon or a little bit
later in the afternoon and where the
time spot works a little bit later in
the afternoon so I'm going to go home
from church there's not too many hours
left in the day so we had dinner and the
boys played and now it's actually time
for bed
Jackson oh you're a Calvin oh my gosh
I'm making this mistake when we have two
boys and a dog how am I going to do this
when we have another kit okay Calvin is
beautiful it gets you are you ready to
go to sleep in your big-boy bed where's
your big-boy bed huh is it over there
are you going to sleep in it
we're going to see how you do tonight
I'm really excited to see how you do
whoa okay come jump
oh come here come here
Jimmy Tarbuck yeah okay what song Hey it
sounds awesome
ah yeah you sing it hey Musti popcorn I
was just doing the man what did I see
popcorn popping under a fur - Jay ha ha
spring has brought me such a nice
surprise
popcorn popping are needed for classroom
all right considering it's been a very
very long day
he was definitely tired when he went
down pretty good he got out of it cried
at the door for a few minutes I wasn't
made him down and then I waved my head
down
can they be like
she was mad at the door he locked the
door slam when I went to open it was
locked
luckily we have a little key can you put
right there but concluded we had a good
day but today was actually really rough
with the kids going to church they were
tired and I think it just has to do is
we were gone playing all week and then
we came home it was like back into like
our groove so today was a little tough
I'm a little extra tired normal yeah my
god church today the kids you could just
tell like we they were done freedom and
then structure structure structure and I
think they didn't adjust very well to
that and so one of the things that Ellie
said was like are you sure you want to
have a baby no I know very very kidding
I'm ready for bed I was like so we're
sure we want to do this we've been
talking about this for a very long time
and I think I personally feel like life
can be hard no matter when you have them
or however along a break it could be
easier for some but I am very ready
yeah if you have another baby it's
hopefully some time we're gonna have
good days and bad days whether we have a
baby or not you know here's always like
we just got to be ready for this kind of
stuff because it's it's only gonna get
better and it's only gonna get worse yes
happen what like you can have ups and
downs
yeah like mine even then so well as
she's peed in the house I cannot believe
she did it we were both sitting right
here just talking and planning out some
different things for like the spring and
Easter and yeah mess up and she
literally just did it right there and
we're like what the heck penny you
haven't peed inside the house former
yeah I was like penny and her face is
like just funny because like
yesterday we like officially said that
we want to start trying for a baby and
nails like Elias that we've been talking
about this for a long time and then the
day after our thoughts of actually still
a little too overwhelmed a little bit
idea it reminds me of the time when we
found out we were pregnant with Calvin
like we decided to go full-time on
YouTube and then Minetta gay my job and
then the next day we found out we were
pregnant with Calvin and we're like
we've made a mistake we've made a
mistake
but it turned out to be the biggest best
blend again yes we all have good days
and bad days but I am excited for both
and I am I'm so excited for Aaron and
Reilly that they are expecting they're
one of our IVF grant couples Joan she
just went in with her ivf treatment just
like I think maybe a week ago so she
will be finding out hopefully soon as
she will hopefully have a baby lots of
baby dust her way and we have some other
couples that are getting ready to start
their IVF process and we have a lot of
viewers that have watched us from day
one and you guys are still struggling
with infertility and I just want you to
know that we think about you we care
about you and we're grateful that you
guys are here for when we had Jackson
and maybe some times with summer we will
be expecting another little it's weird
to say summer because it doesn't feel
like it's just around the corner yeah
so we appreciate it it's coming quick
thank you guys so much for watching the
videos today if you enjoyed it give it a
thumbs up can you believe Calvin isn't a
big boy bed it's better than I expected
so far so far good have a good night
guys
I'll see you tomorrow
