one week ago we came here to hang out
with our friends and to have a little
family vacation in the Sun and it is
coming to an end the four-wheeler is
strapped impact the van I have talked up
this morning can't forget the dog can't
forget pen but we have everything packed
kids are all situated and ready to go
snacks are in our bag this is on the
best bag that I have purchased by the
way I really like that
and I have to show you these cute tiny
look at those little tiny slickers so
tiny then everything is packed and
cleaned and ready to go Kenny have you
guys had fun did you have fun with your
buddy because these guys have been
playing all week having so much fun
they've been playing tag today on
playing tag and you know what I can tell
that you got some Sun this week your
hair looks so much lighter and the Sun
yeah thank you yeah sucking it go play
for a few more minutes yeah I just did a
sheets in the wash and we are getting
ready to go Jared's action if he got on
McDonald's uploading at the video he has
been up till like 2:00 in the morning
every night and then he wakes up really
early so he is like because the internet
they've been having a hard test or
internet here right now so Jarrod ginger
and Carl's are all uploading their
videos getting the place picked up of
the mess that we have made what's up
Luke are the kids being good cuz they're
downstairs playing we got a change from
diapers and hit the road what do you say
boys should we go in the bounce capital
one more time before we go
you want to jump Cal go right in there
boys and look yeah
whoa
by Gotham all right
hey I'm watchin raised xmin okay here we
go ready one two whoa penny do you want
a job do you want to jump with a penny
okay penny hop on into your home go on
in your bed
jump on up well that's not what I wanted
thank you so much wonderful week that
was fun in the Sun that's exactly what
we need again so much fun it was awesome
hey Kyle Thank You Lexi yeah next week
we'll just come back down because it's
too cold up there perfect you got it
years ago thank you guys we pre-sales go
to my club are you ready for another
road trip I am let's do it Jackson are
you ready fine I like that it wasn't
crazy far like we're still in the
attachment 5 hours way yeah I love it
and what a crazy weather change right
yeah
like several weeks ago where the kitchen
and I'll hold it and I get butterflies
and not yeah
I guess something not right - right now
I love my throw to do this is because
about like one before planning it so
intended so bad I get love it and I hate
that yeah fold because you work in sell
intense when you come up with an idea
like you wanted to work out all the
loose yes I can plan
and you plan better than weight disorder
on the same page you're talking about it
me yes the toxicology stick like a
committee wanted to Jenna like against
7/10 right now look life changes you
know making that decision like making
the decision to have the plan yeah he
has talked very openly about this we are
getting ready of the thoughts having
some meetings and he's been talking like
when we were getting ready to do box for
everywhere and share God the shower and
he was like I hope another baby is like
episode the song as I said I call I
think I'm going to bring that up right
now like it won't we was out back kind
of joke right then yeah well Calvin
wasn't sleeping we were moving is like
family Ellie's mind isn't completely the
opposite end of having a baby this is
the last thing on her mind and she's
like what is like four months ago I
would like very like I think that we
should have another baby I felt that
desire and not I just felt like it was I
was given time to have another baby and
I want to grow our family to a lot of
big family you always want to uh
it was like that it was like that you
are quite like ready new and so we've
just said bunnies playing we'll see if
our plans always included and we always
wanted to like start thinking about
having another baby would call me too
and he turned to into but I think at the
same time this has been a very hard
decision and kind of selfishness
selfishness a minute because like I
don't necessarily want to get pregnant
because they don't want to like miss out
on some of this bunch things that I want
to do like stuff something that I really
really wanted to do before I get
pregnant again with like a fancy dress
of everyone and that's one of the
reasons I really wanted to do that this
week
yes was so like I said before with the
boys so we could just be honest how to
not be sick and well Jackson was born
like we haven't been able to do kind of
those things until just like wow all for
it yeah because it is actually not a
baby or may not be baby or enhancing and
it all just seems apparent tired well
with Jackson you know was nine month old
be refractive accountant and then we had
that all thought that nine months and
then we had a new one weird will still
go on trips but like a lot of being you
know physical dirty that we wanted to do
we couldn't
I'm glad we were able to do this mistake
in our first days are the hand and
there's another real thing I really want
to do is the whole family and I'm hoping
we can make it work
that's hard for our birthday I feel like
this is like the final like okay next is
we instead just talking and thinking
like I see Cindy most definitely I think
after April mom
he actively trying enemy I think you
want to be and then Mike wanted the
hardest assistant like she's so easy to
execute if he wanted to be an offensive
engaging and then even when you just
three months old like it was so crazy
but I was like I'm writing for another
baby like I want to have my name is love
yes and we had no idea we get pregnant
which was nice small is the best thing
like they are best but I'm not having
the tool of not a miracle and it's the
decision to have a baby is not difficult
and when yes that's difficult for like I
said because I want you all these need
to sit on this interesting thing and
even this morning like I was like
patients are met from the meat and I had
me breakfast yet and I just you know
that to conjoin you get and I just
thought do I want to feel this very
knowing how does the dad had to like II
which looking back was that a hard part
about your pregnancies the nausea
morning sickness so that I always like
good pregnancy engine but I still felt
sick and tired yeah it it's not that I'm
here
and that's I mean that's the thing about
pregnancies each baby treats you a
little bit different or each pregnancy
affects you a little bit different but
you have no idea this baby is a girl you
know like this brochure for us a little
loop the finding another he just needed
really hard in life I know I want other
babies that's how it was so arms and
first year of graceless and not sleeping
you know other issues and I was just man
training as a parent and I keep it on
organization it was really hard on here
tonight I think so because of that like
something is like bad we have the
experience now like we know what the
dual is where to go and we have that
experience and that's going to help us
be better parents for this new one you
know a lot of times you go on completely
blind and you don't know what to expect
with different situations but now that
we had that experience if another babies
like that yeah we know what - sooner
than what we did with help and I think
that even Jackson me and had a little
bit of reflux you know and we ended up
stop you're seeing human like different
treatments all - Rick I'm really
fighting and rocking-chair like what's
wrong whenever you need
I remember that that our decision for
you to stomp ripded young and I remember
that condition I time off on Facebook as
run into pictures and I remember taking
her she was just as I'm sure in
relational me
gosh like why are you so grateful that
we have all of these videos to look back
on to look and see exactly how our
pregnancies were and how our new boards
were like how many I would have talked
about it even more and I think I want
Union Avant egg rattling we started it
and thoughts of her heart as I said I
like to is like I remember I stopped
talking under human nursing assess
because a lot of different ways is what
I was complaining with happen at one and
happens of this kinda situation to
giving updates and that was a huge part
of first-year Talman was like I'm tired
he's crying
it's really hard I want and talks about
that unicorn
yeah if you want to go into detail about
the things that you're going through
yeah yeah like why Charlie be better not
because you there will be inside but
maybe we have another baby where you
want to look back now exactly what
you're dealing what if we have twins
Ellie wants when identity though think
you know he started you know what I
thought about and ginger sauce
she has dump washer dryers at the
laundry room is my absolute favorite
prefer out to do someone to design and
it sounds great using it but I would
reduce the laundry room alas if we ever
had to this because I was on double
washer dryer and so I think if I would
have become a new doubles and you're
something out what sir I always do that
know they're closely with all right here
so much laundry service isn't work and
pain I've been shrew it's because then
it's not so does she does she get their
paws on you you're like well I'm John my
own person I can like describe like how
I feel and how happy I am that like were
rich yes well I like right now that you
know if you aren't again please speaking
about and him far better place to
nationwide we were not that we were like
it is terribly terribly bad but it was
difficult when Colin was having a hard
time rush it's hard to like balance like
when you have little kids on
you know it is hard to balance everybody
to put the focus on the husbands and
wives relaxed and I do it I love our
families and I don't mean to I can't
wait to tell our million for the earth
my mother's on here might help you are
all here already and Kelly say what just
like me this is it oh I'm exciting to
think about but I think one of the
things that we just we have no idea
about it like how long this is going to
take with Jack the eyes of a long line
but Calvin just like that like but there
is still like you're all like there was
no cycle now like anything is obviously
their population has some parts of them
but it just is still weird like it it
just reaffirms to me how much of a
miracle Calvin yeah like let alone
Jackson of Calvin is like our miracle
baby
I just love it I just lose my family so
much is the question this was the
industry human-eating or everywhere lots
of vitamin C a lot of our sensors on so
much let us see in the house like they
way they are supposed to stay refused
Sabbath day and like an air B&B they're
like nope you are staying in our house
and very very close he's our serial now
my stomach doesn't hurt as bad as I'm
talking and all
all that nothing because I like just the
feeling that I had like summer weeks ago
remembers outs all day to get it and I
said the end to dance ice physically
something times does make somebody's
been a small name because that was
supporting all my mind like I remember
coming home for to here all day after
like a week of it going on and I in my
mind I'd be doing here in my mind was
that like my mind would imagine I took
it like a long way place I remember to
others my diary than to be continue to
be a blessing to me filming in school
like that's kind of like okay we're
going to do that and I think we're
feeling us
and the kids are so sweet other kids
to each other I feel like it will be a
good transition won't be like our
non-conference Jack young every time you
put Jackson down like how can I get
emotional and if you guys don't that'll
do to the oath of Pacifica if you're new
to the channel like I think just any
time we talk about something that's just
so sweet and special to us
I just I just can't help but get
emotional about it but I I was putting
Jackson down to bed last night I was I
told him the story of what we went
through to have this and not and I tell
me yes I'm nice to me and I son I just
relive all of those feelings and he said
without special points
don't you tell me that and figure up
yeah I was up late had to do that
yeah Jackson you're our specialty I mean
oh my gosh like that he just listened to
the whole story is something in yeah he
does and I think you understand I swear
his mind in our and I could give you
Bonnie I just didn't mind in the new
year all this bodies of three year old
he just didn't so like mature for his
little potty
well there you have it guys Ellie and I
are ready to start trying for a baby
that sounds so crazy to say but so
exciting at the same time we're all home
we made a home safe and sound the kids
are asleep Ellie's in bed and penny is
going potty before she goes to bed this
is going to be the beginning of a new
chapter in our lives and we're so
excited to share it with you guys and
have you come along for the ride
thank you guys so much for watching the
video today and we will see you guys
tomorrow
buh bye
