adilyn everyone here's the chocolate
example
ginger are you ready for a date he was
perfectly getting our hearts keeping
dirty friends date concern said that
there was a car wash down the street is
that it $20 and may is my kind of a
detailing but not many details of the
trial coming back so you clean the
inside and outside of our car motion
told miss actually please do that before
ago to be a trust our car I can't wait
the things that moms like just a little
before on how dirty and dusty it is I
mean like like it is filthy and you
stand there and watch the cars go by you
say vacuum they wash they bring it out
here and they have a bunch of employees
like runnin and working there's so many
cars here good fine ginger the planet e
woman and there she is nice and clean
yay look how good they did that was very
fun we're having a huge carnival party
today at crow engine and we have to come
to the store grab a few essential that
every party made fun of me to hooligans
yeah the lettuce for the sandwiches
getting the essentials in order we are
making some delicious hoagie sandwiches
for lunch before we eat 10 times the
content and the kids are already having
a blast outside the carnival isn't even
set up yet you guys having a fun free
carnival swim who's going to show me the
best trick I will okay let's see a trick
Jackson go for it you want to know
something it's st. Patrick's Day and I
notice you're not wearing any green
bitch I'll pinch her bum you are a
little too willing for that soda
Jackson's plate has a sandwich his
oranges and juice and a cookie
Paul so for a little st. Patrick's Day
bed lunch a nap no I'm feeling pretty
good
yeah got our sandwiches got my
sandwiches got to give the rest of the
plate full up you ready for your lunch
yeah this is my that's yours you have
one ha ha ha ha ha why I mean how many
how many pairs of boxers you go through
to find that one I'm ready cheering
that's my ha ha ha ha hey as long as it
counts right I've got some green in my
cat shirt thanks Brian landing for
buying this shirt for me Hey oh yeah I
am great on Ben why'd you pick me and
him you jerk uh-oh things are about to
get great
and
Oh yo gayben
are you ready to get this party started
oh my gosh you gave a party without some
trouble ponder what just fall down oh my
goodness
that looks so stinking good so
apparently I heard on the news and
Cullen and Katie that if you have these
peeps Oreos that it turns your poop pink
or something like that so we got them so
we could try them because why not right
we want to see if our food turns pink
and we're going to dip them in this
delicious person we've also made a huge
improvement to the big water slide we've
lifted it up on this slant with
cardboard and a diving board and a
pallet board and cinder block and so
hopefully we'll be able to go a lot
faster now this is going to be awesome
everyone needs to talk to someone who
insults my one even I don't even so I
was thinking
we've got these dying bubble ball we've
got a dying slide let's combine these
two and do some like giant bubble Bob
bawling thank you
okay maybe we just won't do this okay
okay here are the rules of the game we
have one slider and two pins the person
who cannot kids back to further is the
winner is contest
you
jeez Carl what a backward and I told him
I back of the lid
oh that's what happened like this is
bane and I'm Batman
like broken vessel okay who's next
the climate objection
we had to have his form yep yep you had
to have a sword with him when he went
down the slide he's almost ended up
yeah we hold hands
I only don't paddle top Calvin that
yummy is a pretty big basketball well
from giant slides to pool parties
- cotton candy - chocolate fondue -
bounce houses - just a great time this
was an awesome carnival thanks Carl and
ginger for putting this on this was so
much fun
whoa so all those times I jumped into
the ball trying to do this bowling I'm
pretty sure I like broke my toe and like
did my hip like I overworked my hip way
too much and my hip is like quickly
killing me right now and I'm like maybe
that wasn't such a good idea
it was fun though so probably worth it
you just said well he said no he wants
to stay in these damn Ziggy's head
Calvin it's time to get out buddy hey
kick those feet kick those feet
I'm so proud of our little boys
yay
so word is on the street that I leave
the fleet in this bounce house right
here and we're about to do something
good morning sunshine hi how do you be
sleeping in a bouncy house I am
literally the happiest place on earth on
me sitting in the rocking chair say what
we do hope that we did well with up yes
we can
after we were all done outside with a
carnival we came inside we got the kids
all bathed and ready for bed because we
have such an amazing day and we're
planning on going out to dinner and
having like an adult
date night going out to dinner having a
great time but then our kids just kind
of decided they didn't want us to do
that oh this is probably the first night
all the kids how to ruin my bed yeah
they were just like over done like they
are all like and the SKA holidays but
you're exactly right like I'm really
surprised how well Jackson and Calvin
did going to bed every single night even
they did really really good all things
considered anything yeah yeah happens on
a big board that again does my cue they
find the Nexus he really wanted no so we
have some Texas Roadhouse that we are
eating for dinner tonight and it is so
good
three hours they feel sometimes I just
don't know where the time goes it is
12:45 in the morning and I'm like oh my
gosh we haven't we haven't said good
night yet Jackson woke up out of his bed
and he was just like Daddy so I laid
with him and sure enough fell asleep but
that doesn't mean we didn't have tons of
fun today it was a blast would you say
Carl I am so sore and it was
yeah I am definitely going to feel it in
the morning so thumbs up for that thank
you guys so much for watching we will
see you guys tomorrow you had a great
day be sure to hit that subscribe button
and we'll see you guys next time thanks
for watching bye
