today's vlog is brought to you by the
letter B as in B tau careful oh you're
welcome girl
guys today we are going on an adventure
what events are we going on Kyle
you forgot usually we are going for
really hey Dan hello we are not going to
forget the four-wheeler tweet this time
everyone's packing up getting ready to
go all the videos are up and I have to
show you
Calvin has been I told you a cabbage
jillion times Calvin is sleeping on a
big bed because we have the pack
employee and then the big bed in the one
room and he keeps Quentin is the big bed
install just laid him on the big bed and
all play with him and then all walked
out close the door and he goes to sleep
and he's been sleeping at night and not
times in there so I'm pretty sure this
is like the final thing like when we go
home we'll make his bed into a toddler
bed I was just thinking a s'more like
I'm kind of sad that he's in the toddler
bed but I'm also really sad that Jackson
was going to toddler bed so early and
Jackson is so good when we put in the
toddler bed but if you needed to be in a
taller bed I mean I guess you didn't
need it but it was just like we were
bringing in Calvin home and I just
pushed them into a toddler bed and so
it's just weird like both of my babies
are in house their bed big boy bed I
want to show you guys if I wake them up
I wake and work at least two anyway
so sweet like so sweet right
Jon Karl are getting the trailer all
wonky right now you're making a big cake
show me this is a fun little rock pit
oh really they're cool looks good
excited to go for milling and where are
you big helmet we won't forget the key
okay you guys ready to rock let's rock
and don't you guys even worry I totally
remembered the key I got the key okay
the keys right there it's going to be
great there's not going to be an idiot
today let's go hey Jared yeah sometimes
I think that our three-year-old think
cities pun act like your content
visiting but not just apps I can't like
as in crying like why should you just
like he can't do the stuff he really is
disappointed that this is not a
motorcycle he wants to ride a motorcycle
like the big kids do yeah but I bet if
we were to put him on one he would
actually be able to ride it can you're
pretty tough would you like to ride a
motorcycle
okay I bet that Carl will ride one with
you and we get up there on the mountain
okay you want to write it yourself okay
let's get home come on let's get your
home on all right you guys ready to go
yeah
yeah we got the four-wheeler and we're
going nice and slow and easy we're
having some fun right Texas yeah baby
Elly's going up her first thing on the
four-wheeler
you
well after a few minutes on the sand
dune we realized one important thing is
that our camera and the sand dune do not
mix our camera has so much sand in it
it's ridiculous I'm not sure how much
longer it's going to last
also some of the motorcycles aren't
performing as well as we thought they
would in the sand dune and so to have
the most amount of fun that we can
possible Carl and ginger ale and I went
have these on this look at this this is
a four-seater cannon maverick you know
it's almost as good as a razor but I
think we'll set up some fun
are you excited Ally yeah there's gonna
be a lot of fun are you guys ready to
rock you guys look so cooling is oh my
gosh it looks awesome you want to raise
oh snap
Ellie we were just challenged are you
ready yeah
we've got that day but we're just not
meant to go writing we seriously just
got this the parking lot is right there
it can go in reverse or forward we just
waited this thing that's an important so
I guess we'll just give each other
rights back to the parking lot we're
trying to turn this like what the heck
yeah you know what maybe your whole
family can sit on here we'll take one of
your kids put them on there we've got
four we can fit one more on our I still
see smiles on people's faces we're still
having a good time things are okay
things are fine things are fine why
don't you pay for it or we might have to
pay for it
we better
okay round gue we've got the blue one
instead they flopped us out because they
said that someone the previous was
messing around with the to us it gave us
a bad one this is a good one hopefully
you guys ready to rock
what are you up you guys ready to rock
let's go Calvin high five
yeah just hilarious comment on you can
give me get through yet no knob haha
okay
so you can't do it
well that is the one way to put your
child asleep
I can't believe is freezing right house
we're having so much fun and he's
sleeping through this what he's going in
and out that I would say he's asleep
oh that's my look like Pride Rock I stop
all right this anyone oh yes
today's vlog is brought to you by the
letter B as in B tau careful oh you're
welcome Carl ha ha
isn't this so fun I can't I can't
believe you this please
like I was like that is the cutest thing
in the whole entire world
oh my goodness have you guys had a good
time on that big machine because I'm
Jackson if you have fun yeah yeah just
like whooping and hollering because I'm
good
glad to hear it this looks like a cool
machine especially that it works and we
didn't just blow through 100% better
than the one that's back over there yeah
I found it pulling it down on like oh
man that's going to suck them well how
much do you think those things cost
$25,000 over 20 grand
oh my gosh 20 grand down the drain
Wow hopefully they can fix them I think
it's just a bill I think it's just a
bill but either way that's that's a
bummer for sure
Jarrod for the go P not because you need
to do because you want to reunited a
cheers name is chaim now they've got to
fill another formula and they ran and
embraced each other talks like ten
seconds they're apart for maybe 20
minutes exactly but I miss you Calvin
okay good slow internet so we got five
laughs so so much fun at the very end I
let you kids drive ride the four-wheeler
in the parking lot we went really slow
they got to write it and that was really
fun for them and fun for me I loved it
and I'm like I don't do much of this
stuff as much as I want to I mean it's
really hard with younger kids well yeah
and like Joel and I will go our Joel dad
and I will go out but we need to take
you more oh yeah and any babysitter and
just go I don't mind being home at all
but it's fun to bring the kids that's
what I like though and that's why that
that side-by-side was so much fun is
because the kids could sit in it and
have fun and they were safe and real
good it was great
grab one I like telling in the snow is
fun we just I think we need another
four-wheeler some haha hey hey you guys
no way I think you hurting or guys next
vlog Ellie purchases are all
four-wheeler no we'll get out later
biking that would be really fun someday
one of having a lot of them because
Jackson and Calvin will ride them too
Calvin isn't very clingy to Jared and I
and even around grandparents so like hug
them for a second and then one of that
and as I say that he's hugging his dad
but he loves you he's leaving love do
them when I walked up
my quiz love you my kids let me fit
you're so cute to him what a good big
brother
yeah I'm actually awake when we're
ending the vlog you guys are cheering oh
there we go
it's so fun to like look back and to
think about what your kids were like
when they were younger and just we've
been talking about that and it's kind of
like making me baby hungry it's like I
want to experience that all over again
talking about when Jackson was Calvin's
age and when Calvin was a newborn and
when their kids were young like it's
just all of you sweet mama Jackson along
with Emma and then the exact this is the
part was boring me and how they're like
yeah mm-hmm and now you have a teenager
like that's crazy like and before we
know it our kids are just going to be
grown up like this is insane Ellie we
better have another baby soon or else
well we'll forget about all of this oh
look at our little turtle well that is
we're going to end the vlog thank you
guys so much for watching the video
today if you enjoyed it be sure to give
it a big thumbs up and if you're new to
this channel hit that subscribe button
we make videos like this every single
day be sure to check out Carl and
Ginger's panel because they have a
different perspective on what we've done
this week
so should check them out and we will see
you guys tomorrow thanks for watching
bye
Ellie say goodbye but
