she's got a weasel wiggle-wiggle-wiggle
a Hailey's get it wiggling her bum aha
you
well good morning guys we are outside I
think our morning routine over it well
we're going to be here this week is for
the first few hours of new makeup is
just to be outside and play some I have
something really fun in store for these
two kids because we knew we wanted to
come down to that you are said this one
parks I really wanted to take the
picture where to call that jerk okay
ginger and her family are getting ready
to film their video for the day so doing
bubbles I think and they want our kids
to be in it which is really fun for them
penny wants to beauty all right
everybody
Calvin is going to fall asleep before we
even get to the Train don't fall asleep
so Jackson when we pulled up we drove
right past it and he's like oh my gosh
there's slides and bumpy slide and went
out something slide are you ready okay
he is so excited
so this park was made for all children
but specifically for all sorts of
children with disabilities and so I
don't know what else about it that's
just what I've read and I'll try and
have like a website down below for it
but have you heard any other thing about
this part all I know is it makes me want
to go down on the slide it's really cool
really lots of sensory things here and
it's just really big really fun doors
treat your train I cannot wait to have
the kids play in it
Calvin hood like snuggles at the neck
take a look at pieces like that inside
turned over to the side
FATCA launches yuh-huh
here's your bum okay good good thing
this is so soft on the ground that is so
fast that dinosaur says don't forget
smile thank you thank you
you
you guys ready for this train ride
website accountant are you guys excited
you guys have been so good today we
thought we'd take you on a little train
ride wave all the trains ever that I
missed are you ready cows sounds good
luck
hey man for going into trouble are you
ready here we go
they do too
you
yeah this one looks so awesome okay I'm
going to go down there so I can see your
faces okay it's the time to big you mean
I can't write this oh well I guess you
just you boys will just do it
mmm
here everybody down
come on Jackson pull some weight around
here run the mommy Brenda mommy mommy
that's kind of what you see in
nightmares isn't it
Oh your harpy all your gymnastics that's
our son right there Jackson did you have
so much fun
what was your favorite part hey Trey a
dinosaur's sadness like a mega drought
pull in another slide there were lots of
slides weren't there
did you like going down them could you
go so fast enough
another slide that's so fun huh I think
like our gold owl you love slides don't
you buddy
maybe bring out one okay for our next
stop today we are at Pioneer Park and
this is like a cool place where there's
like little caves like a little
passageways and everything and lizards
and we're going to go home all day off
do you see it Jackson did you see the
lizard
they hide in the bushes so they can get
shade sometimes I think we'll see some
more while we walk in kay ginger and
Carl my kids have been so cute to the
kids
Jackson's having a blast I went as a
sweet cheese block go Tigers
I love days like these and I think it's
because I love these kind of days
growing up like I loved him we were out
and about and so if you're just so tired
at the end of the night you squash no
going to see jack
all right all the wait look at me as
we're walking up here at Pioneer Park I
just can't help but think that I'm going
to run into Matt Damon somewhere anyone
get that not all of our dreams look at
this isn't this so cool like literally
when we're at home in northern Utah and
we came down here it was like we're in a
different world what you find is fire
rock wow are they hot in your hand oh
that's good they're warm
good Jackson do you want to go through
the big crack Wow look at this this is
the path to the crack the crack is much
the crack path I mean it's much narrower
not le narrow but much narrower Wow it's
amazing I've lived in Utah for 26 years
and I've never experienced this part of
Utah it's only fun to take my family
look at this this is just pretty and
it's like kind of crazy and their house
looks like Jubilee claustrophobia just
looking at it
no mom are you lost your father yet mom
here we go buddy other dinosaurs in
there
oh my gosh this is insane dude right
here watch your head hey you ready for
this
you're trying to do it yeah I think I'm
gonna try and get what do you think
buddy look good
ticket spinner as we go oh oh my gosh oh
my gosh I am like I suck I it's like my
belly and my back are completely stuck
Carl I'm stuck I'm legit stuff like I
don't think I can get makes it past that
part
yo k buddy okay keep going
just be careful oh yeah I did it oh my
gosh I just read that all my hair since
I won yeah I got through haha oh my gosh
probably one nerve-racking dude you're
doing awesome oh here's a little
breathing point oh my goodness
Jack knees still doing good you having
fun look how narrow that is that is
insane oh my gosh we just walked through
that I don't have major fears of
claustrophobia but I can seriously
imagine what it would really really be
like oh we're really close dude I'm
literally at the end there we go whew oh
my gosh
but we made it just incredible that was
so awesome we did it guys oh how do you
feel really a little cloth oh yeah
freedom you did it good job buddy was
that fun or was that scary good I'm glad
you had fun but boys your favorite part
it wasn't scary it was very fun good Oh
Jackson look what you just jumped next
to do you see right there do you know
what that is what is it it looks like a
lizard and you know what that is
it's skin from a lizard lizards will
shed their skin as they grow you know
that as they get bigger and that's part
of their skin right there that's cool
huh that may actually be an actual
lizard that has been gone for a while so
I'm gonna double-check on I think this
site is really cute Jackson on junior
for everyone do they see
look how cute AG that ad I got a cute
husband the size of this cliff has tons
of little pockets for the kids to play
in
what'd you find up there buddy
you find yourself a little cubby you
want to sleep there tonight I'd be fun
to camp here huh good night buddy
sleep well Jackson is mr. brave and he
is mr. independence he's just like I'm
just going to run away and just walk and
do my own thing
Calvin you haven't fun out here buddy
yeah you're so stinkin cute and after
being in the Sun all day and I
professionally hits the spot thank you
guys for showing us where's it cause
mint cheese I got like the most like
kid-friendly or just as iron yeah like
I've got these giant gummy worms I've
got cookie dough this is like what you
get a Nickelodeon to do
I got the pineapple bill wet
strawberries and weird things they're
yummy though hi guys and welcome back to
Carl's kitchen today we're featuring a
very special recipe made none other than
by ginger gingers our special guest on
tonight's show of Carl's kitchen and
she's making kebab we've got a huge
array of different meats vegetables and
delicious things to go on these kebab
look how wonderful these look they're
about ready to go on the grill wouldn't
you say let's go put them on the grill
now as you guys know here in Carl's
kitchen we are known for our sauces and
look we've got Carl here ready to go oh
what sauces are we working with today
right now this is a garlic butter glaze
that's going on the corn and the
asparagus oh it smells delicious and
then for the kabobs we have a teriyaki
mm-hmm a Korean barbecue and a orange
cherry orange Asian company now this
sounds delicious and I think it's the
perfect selection for tonight's meal
what did the point pto
is that illegal Wingull Wingull Wingull
a helis good at wiggling her bum aha
what I have you're doing great Jackson
keep it up buddy
and
and here are the results of Carl's
kitchen as you can see I got a little
overzealous with the corn and ate it
already oh look at this food right here
all of this looks so great we've got
some chicken steak pineapple cherries
and some green peppers mm-hmm today was
full of activities we wore the kids out
and we were everybody else out Carl and
ginger have really fun footage of their
family and I think Calvin Jax may be in
the video too about go check out their
video - of what we've been doing the
last few days thank you guys so much for
watching and we'll see you guys tomorrow
I I won't pop your head cuz it hurt
