Don the crown baby look at you you look
so stinkin cute with that helmet on
Ellie I kind of love it oh my god yes I
do more than anything
Oh terrible idea
good morning family hey I never at your
house yeah my hair looks wonderful
good morning family it is bright and
early outside and this is what we've
been doing all morning penny is in
heaven
hi Jer hi good morning it's so beautiful
welcome to clubbing sunny southern Utah
nezam our guys yeah little guys I am
getting the kids dressed outside and
look what you guys are going to wear you
guys are wearing shorts today hi hey
Sheldon your shirt you love that should
I got it for our trip huh oh my babies
are sleeping yeah my babies are sleeping
obviously we have some amazing things
planned for this week and we're so
excited but the very first thing that
the kids wanted to do that I think is
totally awesome obviously is it goes
things where's my boy Desmond good job
we're at the pool yeah
wait where's Calvin Calvin are you doing
in a hot tub the pool is so warm I just
tested my feet whoo it feels so good oh
my gosh the perfect temperature for a
pool this is going to be so good
is a worm yeah what I wanted to go
swimming not right at that moment Ellie
thank you your turn you're dead
Yeah right give me a hug give me a hug
we got all done with the pool playing
outside and everything in lxr Kalinin to
come in take a nap and almost positive
that she fell asleep with Calvin to
because it's been about an hour nowhere
to be found
where's Ellie
Jackson can you tell me what just
happened you got some blood on your knee
yeah
Jackson was outside we're throwing away
his diaper and he tripped himself and
did you cry no you didn't even cry he
was so brave he didn't even cry he was
such a tough little guy huh well we've
got a little bit of blood we've cleaned
it up a little bit we've got a band-aid
we're going to put off should we put
this on and make it feel better
oh you don't want to let's see what it
looks like okay Ellie and Calvin are
totally missing out right now this is
probably the most amazing thing I've
ever seen my home fire life what I do
want to do it right now no if you want
to see you have to go to Carl ingenue
saml maybe a little sneak peek little ha
only cure all those sprinkles are going
to go on first are you helping Jackson
are you going to put some sprinkles on
the donut okay
that's awesome that's so nice of you to
help oh do you think it's Jackson I'll
give you $100 if you can eat this whole
donut do you think you could do that you
think you could okay well we'll start
trying as soon as they reveal it okay hi
what are you doing
meanwhile back the lollipop where did
you find that buyback retreat by the
tree now where'd you find it like a tree
oh by the trees hmm like you're happy I
got you I'm not mad he was worried that
I'd be mad no I'm not mad I didn't know
you got a treat I'm not mad and I think
it's cute DEP not here in this cute
little thing in our en you're my sweet
boy huh all right so we got to ginger
house last night and today what we've
been doing is just been hanging out in
the backyard all day long at 9a and the
kids got in the pool her yard is
beautiful and open and the dogs have
been running and playing in your kids
have been so cute
they haven't you guys have been so cute
to my kids but we are going to go with
an open letter now I realize that were
the problem I need no one knows for sure
okay so you might want to bring
something so we are going to get our
sunscreen on we're going to go potty and
we're gonna go get on a four-wheeler
yeah I'm just going to take a look here
and oh yeah it's all just all taken care
of what we actually I forgot one thing
we're just going to check on the inside
here make sure everything looks good
with the ride you know get down deep in
here make sure the oils all check so you
know the blinker fluids all there you
know all the essentials that we need to
do before we get you back on the road
you know safety first ladies and
gentlemen when we come out and do these
uh you know these these rides we want to
make sure we're all safe yeah it looks
pretty good we're all set to go now
we're going to go have a lot of fun make
sure you wear helmets and let's have a
good time today guys kay you're all
bottled up let's go I'm not going to lie
hi Kyle
awesome that I've got the four wheel on
the back and my minivan is like trudging
through all of this dirt like cousin
don't care that they're leaving behind
and then so Rocky right now I'm in we're
back at our formula salsa four-wheeler
and all the dust everything it looks so
cool
she's like no big deal just go
four-wheeling with the family I'm having
tons of fun I love this like I'm so
happy right now what I'm excited about
is every time I've been on the
four-wheeler yeah I haven't been on the
four-wheeler about yeah because I've
either been as pregnant our she is
brand-new three to go on a little trip
so we are at a special place and they
call it glitter Mountain for for a
reason and we're going to find out what
that reason is very shortly but when we
were driving us look how dusty this is
like something's are bothering here yeah
that's what this is for we can put water
in here
we got a first-aid kit in here we got
like a shovel in there we got lots of
stuff in there
but yeah I'm so excited to take Ellie
and the kids on this little adventure
we're going to play it very very safe
though okay we're going to we've got
helmets for everyone yeah this is not a
crazy ride we're just going to enjoy it
as a family and I'm so excited we're
going to make a discovery today too
which I'm pretty happy about ready for
this are you ready do you want to try
first and that would let's get it off
take it first man to get two kids off I
love that I did I've not ever driven as
a self Don the crown baby look at you
you look so stinkin cute with that
helmet on Ellie I kind of love it oh my
gosh yes I do more than anything oh wow
Terral idea oh my gosh I I am the
biggest idiot it's not I am my freakin
gosh I forgot the four-wheeler key at
the house I am so sorry oh you met you
taught in that I was really taken but
since this is like our house smells okay
their house shoot really I am so sorry
I'm the biggest idiot in all entire
world
and you are so devastated this is all
you wanted to do the kids are asleep in
the car we'll just put them right in the
dirt that's all they want to do anyway I
left before wheeler Kia your house you
guys do your thing that was pretty dumb
yeah I was uh we forgive you I know you
are I love my four-wheeling gee this
probably was a blessing in disguise
anyway we're going to do this a lot
while we're here this week so it's okay
we were just going to like right around
just a little bit but there is a car a
truck up there if you can see where's
Carl I don't know what I'm looking at
right now there's a truck up there
that's like pointing down this lady
needs help getting out so Carl's calling
someone to come help so we're getting it
Wow look at all this boys we can hit the
rocks and find some more that's uncool
called glitter Mountain and look how
pretty all this is yeah totally makes up
for debt for getting the key right that
actually looks really cool it's totally
future well apparently this isn't even
the real stuff Carl's like you come down
here to mine yeah you ready buzz let's
go to the quarry oh wow holy cow look
those people down you're doing the same
thing
look at this bud look at this do you
want to chisel some out of the mountains
Alex like Elsa's cast off yeah thank you
whoo singing Carl's got the gift here so
you use cells and all you see is like
good are you going to climb up like tomb
Raider's I'm going to hold this and
smack it right there okay
don't hit him hit the blue part okay all
right good job
good job dude
there you go get a good smack on that
counter here you end it up here
here you hit back okay good job tonight
five more hours and you got it you're
actually copies and I call that is
amazing yeah till death jackson Calvin
look Calvin look at this one
well daddy just I deny that I just typed
this one out
is that cold aw look at me I know where
to start
look at that cute little dirty bum isn't
he the cutest ever Ellie I looked at him
today and I thought you look like a
toddler today than you ever have
he looks like a little boy doesn't he
shortened who just out in the backyard
all morning something Carl to save the
day yes he did Carl brought his RC car
and Jackson is like loving it right now
so Carl really really did save the day
I'm just glad you taught us at their
house so let's do it again
technically you're right because we
cross the Arizona border because but
we're staying in Utah course I don't
like wearing each other's rear light it
does it look like this is the very very
bottom part of Utah but we're actually
we cross the border and we're in Arizona
right now oh here we go here comes one
whoa what do you think about that dude
is that cool no why did you want to do
want to drive it
you can drive instead of writer that
sounds cool
I'll hold it and you turn it you ready
here it goes good look at your turn
buddy you're doing awesome running to
mommy runs into mommy oh look it's red
very Bob look at your dirty bum look at
all these this look cool we got a lot of
them didn't we
what do you think of that one Calvin
yeah that cool but did you guys have fun
doing that should we take them home with
us you know okay there it is I know
right like oh I know
how's that huh
so this is literally like at the door
they have like a little table so like to
put your keys or you know other things
are like aloe plants on it was literally
at the door and I didn't take it with me
I think my van keys were even right next
to it it was sitting right there
hey it's okay there's always next time
and that's the thing is we've got the
whole week and we're going to do this
more than once so I'm gonna go put it
somewhere safe now where I won't forget
well it looks like it's just me and you
guys again I am up editing it is a
little after 1:00 in the morning
oh there's penny too but I keep falling
asleep so I'm going to call it a night
thank you guys so much for watching the
video today be sure to check out Carl
and ginger is a giant done on video
we'll have that link down below we'll
see you guys next time thanks for
watching bye
