Oh cow holy cow
oh you can eat them in open your mouth
that they offer eat em off
uh-huh as we go further top cheesy like
it no back your head up a little yeah
there you go
good morning guys and happy Sunday are
you ready for an adventure because
that's exactly what we have in store for
you today we are going on an adventure
are you excited Ellie oh right ready
once we're done with church so it's
still in the morning we're going to get
ready to go to church but before we get
ready to go to church we've got like a
lot of clothes diapers you know the
essentials and then we've got our big ol
face suitcase over half our stuff in and
we're going to get packed up so we can
leave right after church are you ready
to go on an adventure today good
and guess what not just us for bringing
along someone with up that's right penny
penny are you ready for an adventure
today
we're going to go on an adventure okay
yes mm-hmm I'm so excited to take her
with us
creamy Laughlin hump in a family trip
yeah you know what like this is like our
first like big full family trip with a
dog you know yeah I never liked these
ever done before willingness being you
yeah I just find that up and down the
road this is gonna be so exciting
well here's a throwback this is
according as much we have exciting news
Jared take away we have so exciting news
to share well with writing
uh-huh we have very exciting news that
we want to share with you guys this is
exciting
let's do it together because it's that
exciting this is exciting
I think I saw TK let's read again this
is exciting
that'll work I don't have to do oh I
never eat okay hmm this is it buddy
I did offer their support Ellie take it
away you are on handstand duty today I
promise you can awaken we guys think you
know anything - auntie - hey guys that's
that's so close Elias actually give it
away get the walking away now give it
away give it away give it away now okay
oh yeah you gotta hurry we're like on
fire
let me go get on the water there Oh
money
don't let her eat it just don't let her
eat it Jack no you're doing the on
purpose goofball I came over here and
Jax was trying to get penny to go
downstairs penny does not add penny
penny does not have you bet my butt
penny you just did agree but you just
try to get piggy to go downstairs and
Penny does not go downstairs she knows
not to and I love that about our penny
we need to take you on a little walk
but you are at you are asking her to buy
your shirt go downstairs please I don't
want to bite it hey Jackson do you want
to go with me to go get the trailer does
that sound like a fun idea do you think
you can help me lift it onto the man
okay ready
can you say anything but yes let's go I
fight but I love you let's go okay
you're ready Jackson we're going to put
this on here we go
since that you want to write on the
trailer oh you got a you got to sit in
your seat buddy that's so silly that
would be kind of fun though huh good try
nice try maybe next time okay high five
three hours later three hours later and
we are back from church and we are
raring to go I I realized if you're
ready to go to st. George and you boys
are so excited I love it I realized
right before going to church I was like
we're going to have everything packed up
and soon as we get home we'll just boom
go and then we have a lot more stuff
that we need to do before we get going I
totally forgot about like laptops
cameras batteries drill like all of that
stuff has to be packed if I just use it
all for the four-wheeler or the
snowmobiling trip but we've got to get
that going and we're ready to go then
are you guys excited I'm excited this is
going to be a lot of fun I think
I love how excited the boys are they're
more excited negative all of us good
week right yeah hey wait a second you
eat that sandwich at the table right now
you ate that say what does the table
right now penny get in there we go huh
she's ready for a road trip - and look
at this I've got the giant bumper good
yeah this is gonna be so much fun I love
this I'm so excited we're family I get
but we should have taken a picture we'll
do one later this we'll do another one
we also took a backed-up and we're ready
to party penny that ate all right guys I
made us some peanut butter and jelly
sandwiches I cut a bunch up for the kids
you've already eaten half of our noses
way in we have some strawberries and
grapes and string cheese some powdered
doughnuts and popcorn I think we are set
for an adventure we are officially in
the canyon which means we are officially
on a vacation on a road trip
we're going to time
we
holy cow holy cow this whole of the
minister very big and bright kids are
happy yeah I didn't get this one also
holding considering 8:30 there are
connectivity movie I AMA free is kind of
an advocate lunches like quoting in a
lot because we go
you can eat them in open your mouth I
said go offer eat em off that works hard
to go further
Oh
cheesy ticket no back your head a little
yeah there you go
well we made it to our last pit stop
before we get all the way to st. George
and we stopped in beaver now the reason
we stopped in beavers because there's
normally a giant chair just right there
and we were like this is going to be so
much fun to get a picture with the kids
I've gotten pictures here before it's
like this giant giant rocking chair but
I couldn't find it I asked the guy who's
like oh yeah we're repairing or getting
a new one or something like that I'm
like Oh plus Ellie's uncle always comes
here to get Dairy Queen and we got here
like 20 minutes after they closed the
whole reason we came here we couldn't do
any of it so that's kind of funny but
we've only got one more hour left the
kids have been doing great they watch
the goofy movie Penny's been doing
awesome and it's just been a really
great road trip and we've got an hour
less of it so it's going to be nice if
you moments later we penny
we may be cremated freezing any site
yeah I know and guess what we did all
the things all the same day - its 11:59
talking about dogs and I was like you
know yeah we have penny in our house but
I feel a little like with soin else's
dog and so I'm like are you sure danger
but it's okay
Steve just moved here and they're
hunting us today so thank you so much
yes yeah we were taking them off
these guys are they're like oh so we've
got we know you like gummy worms so we
got going worms we know you like the red
the starbursts red ones we know you like
this squeeze the spicy sweet chilli
Doritos and we also got dr. pepper for
you ever what look bag like oh my god
how many donut we're working on it
tomorrow it's gonna be beautiful this is
amazing yeah of course if you'll have us
like I do lettuce we will bring some dr.
pepper dishes yes we does clapping thank
you guys you're very free well it is now
1:15 the next day you're getting some
bonus footage next day footage this is
going up right now but we are going to
call it a night penny can you say good
night to her friends she seriously had
so much fun in the backyard game it's
going to be an awesome week we've got
some big plans right Carl this is Carl
right here we have it's going to be a
lot of fun so stay tuned for this week
thank you guys so much for watching and
we will see you guys tomorrow bye
