yeah yeah you see the Ducks u98 a new
wire yeah
they buy ducks right back
the kind that I get a babysitter I don't
want to leave the kids Jackson has done
so cute today what did you say to Daddy
have a nice family
she walked it it goes to do for my
shower daddy happy Saturday mommy and
daddy are going to go on a little date
we're going to run some errands and then
do a lunch date together you get a have
fun did you babysat okay you'd be going
missing okay change your mind movie
and you enjoyed your movie that's
triplication this is actually then what
my view has looked like this morning the
kids were watching a movie and I just
have been kind of cold and I came up
this morning and pulled my blinds back
and I've been looking at this magazine I
showed you guys the other day and I
think I found the patio set that I want
and I'm going to show you it well first
I think would be really fun I love these
kind of chairs it'd be fun to put a
chair like an egg chair like right there
and then on the patio put dot patio set
I love it like I like the orange then it
comes in like aqua white red green I
like the orange I wouldn't do like those
I would like an end table and I like
love the planter pots back there mom
said it looks really good for rot yeah
okay you like to blue it was a good
thing you're not buying it yeah that's
what I would like to happen I like to
make lied because I like like rocking I
love that you look very nice I'm just
thinking I would just leave my hair like
this maybe like part it in the middle in
the middle okay hmm
so we're going to lunch purse and it's
cool we're going to play scope even
Stephens and I like this place because
for every meal that you buy they give a
meal to the homeless or the homeless
shelter here in town and there's a
problem I forgot my wallet I'll buy it
for you will you buy my loan at all
you're the best date I've ever had it's
really your money come out and count
another thing I got the turkey day
sandwich it tastes like Thanksgiving
leftovers and since
my throat's a little sore today and then
I got some chickens which looks really
great we're getting close Frank Frank
one thing is like the bread is eat
therapy wrap yeah through your mouth
song it's like a Katherine French so
good still worth it
Kelvin this is not how I expected things
to be right at this moment
Calvin is a little ornery and I should
go downstairs we'll find our next
contestant
are you honoree person number two hold
please while we get the situation under
control okay show me your smile see that
honestly in real times that was maybe
two minutes and when I filmed up five
minutes tops
yeah so they were downstairs Jackson
just woke up when Jackson takes naps no
yeah he doesn't think that's really much
anymore
but when he does kind of wakes up Honore
and like there's no consoling him it
just takes a little time
what's up you can rattling yeah like the
excess maybe peanut butter sandwiches
those are what control so we were just
talking and we're trying to figure out
everything that we could do for these
kids and you know we didn't just throw
things at them we didn't say would you
want this you want this you want this
you want this we came up with an idea it
just happened to be on a different you
know we call it a plan so what we're
doing right now these kids have already
had lunch so they're having a little
snack they're having a little PB&J and
then after that we're going to go to the
park and we're gonna let Kenny run
around and the kids are going to play
and we're just going to have a lot of
fun so that was just like from meltdown
to zero in a matter of Kaizen I did not
expect it to go like that though Kade
you have a question
I want you to come dip your finger and
Di's and tell me which one tastes better
I guess you already know Abreu okay yeah
then we'll go bitch and I was no one
here to look Kenny look Kenny no oh
escalating again pain oh did she get it
let's see if I can uh nest like this a
thousand okay ten to zero again and zero
again ten that almost is your take a
pipe well it's okay pens not gonna bite
anymore
okay I've dropped that truth head do it
to really bad Jared I see him I think
this is fun I mean I mean I saw fun
trying
sometimes I get a kick out of our
situation Calvin put the sandwich down
try hugging Jackson so you thought to be
fine try not to make eye contact right
now that was the really people no Calvin
trying to make Josh feel better no more
oh yeah Penny's not going to take it
we're going to have or not but look
we're going to take penny and we're
going to see the cool water and the
mountain and all the dirt and rocks so
let's see so we can do that okay and if
Calvin wants to hug you say thank you
for making him make you feel better hey
every better okay when Calvin tries to
hug you that's because he's sad that
you're sad okay I thought that was more
saltier so I like that one I like em
both I don't know we always got that
growing up but I just tried that for the
first time liked it mmm same same yeah
I'm making spaghetti for dinner
remember that walk I did a penny
yesterday she remembers it she saw the
water and sweat time out of rest okay
ready go kids uh strong rocks oh I don't
know anymore
Noah Oh tangy the beautiful day today
isn't it yes guys it feels so good right
now it's like 5:30
oh my gosh oh my gosh I am NOT getting
by that dear Oh
oh the derailleur yeah
this is escalating really quick
there's couples fighting and we're
trying to get the dog out of the water
well that Escalade really quick I did
not want to get too close to that gear
and we thought penny leash the other dog
chased the deer and then we realized the
Jer was hurt so someone's calling to get
the deer some to help the deer out
Tara's over there helping the lady get
her dog situated that was really sad and
crazy and a lot of people come up and
this is an OK spot to have your dogs off
leash but you know of course when
there's like other dogs people are
really respectful like like when there's
other dogs around here like we'll put
her on a leash and kind of let the dogs
pass and sometimes they play but who
will just come up here and like go on
hikes but I've never experienced
something like that and I feel really
bad that this Sudhir's hurt you good
well crazy what are your thoughts
I saw the deer leg I don't think the dog
did that oh no
the guy said it was that it no the the
deers leg is broken like oh and so the
dog is so I'm not sure what happened to
the deer but the dogs just saw the dogs
wouldn't leave her alone which ours
wouldn't either and I mean we got her on
a leash but it just took a long time to
get that dog out of that water but
animal control coming for the deer right
now and golf but do you see why I don't
want to get too close I guys like I can
try to grab penny while there's a deer
just gonna get defensive yeah crazy oh
oh they're here that was really fun
and all of this commotion Elly has lost
her cell phone but I just pinged it and
I think I hear out there it is found it
found it oh my gosh like if we didn't
have Find My iPhone we would have never
found this like there's no way this is
like under all the trees and the brush
and everything that's crazy
and you think goodbye to the park that's
nice of you did you have fun good yeah
you see the Ducks mm-hmm I'm digging the
water yeah they buy ducks blackjack
cracky you kids happy yep kids have a
snack we're getting ready for our trip
tomorrow after church you're going to
st. George we have all of our snacks
Jared was cute enough to get Jackson
language queen he's been on a kick
lately and I wanted to get that we got
some drinks for the car penny we have
snacks for the week and snacks next
exercise I'm so so so so so so pressing
rec and Jared said some new again we we
had to get this we got it because we
have two movies you watch in the car and
we wanted to get another one yeah they
have her a little more something new
that they haven't been seeing over and
over again but my sister Jennifer and I
would watch a goofy movie all the time
and the first song after today we would
put on rewind when the bus driver would
say I'm gonna like we just lack of any I
don't know we were probably paid it's
still fine even we are ill hilarious so
I want to listen to this movie as they
watch while I Drive because it's
hilarious I'm excited for I am sure it's
going to be a lot of fun I'm glad that
we can just get in the van drive and
have a little fun I'm grateful I'm glad
we
with your friends down what is this
supposed to be this is supposed to be
like the most hydrating drink it's kind
of like Pedialyte I guess but it has the
right mixture of water to salt the sugar
so all of the water gets absorbed into
your body and Rick salty
let's get drink a cup of lemon water and
go to bed
hmm I drink a bunch of water actually
don't like it cold and actually rather
it be a little warm in lemon is perfect
I don't want this salty drink sorry that
was really nasty all right well guys I
think that is where we are going to end
the vlog today the drink I don't know
hello too much lemon I hope you guys are
having a great weekend because we sure
did and it's going to be the start of a
great new week tomorrow we're leaving
for st. George and we cannot wait for
the nice warm weather probably till 5:00
because we're going to turn off your
shirt I don't want to be like a rush out
the door so if I can get a few things
that I want to go to bed it depends yeah
because we're springing forward it's
daylight savings time
so we're spraying forward so technically
it's 10:30 thanks for watching us and
we'll see you tomorrow
on our road trip bye
