so we're just going to hang out together
father and son sound good Wow this I'm
good
that's I'm good
yeah good ankles way to look at that
light if you guys watched yesterday's
video you will know why we are here at
the doctor's office getting Kelvin it
checked out and it's something I did
worried about more than I normally do
and a lot of times we get on some
comments and some concerns and sometimes
I think little kids are fine and
sometimes I think oh maybe I should look
into that when a few of you guys
mentioned about kelvins excessive
drinking water and some of the symptoms
that he has it could be related to
diabetes and it could trigger something
in me and it did make me worry a little
bit and I think he'll be okay but we are
getting him checked out and the doctors
were so nice on the phone they didn't
make me feel weird or bad at all because
I have had that in the past it yeah
we're here we're just getting him tested
and we'll let you guys know what they
say when the results come back I think
we'll be okay but something that I would
not feel good about having it be brought
up and just letting it like go over my
head like I definitely wanted to get it
checked you got some stickers huh
paw patrol turtles you can totally put
on your shirt let's go on your hand the
back of your hand hey turtle this is a
little body beauty look can find your
shoes place your snow boots sent to your
fingers I know whoa you watched pepper
while they put your finger and you
didn't even flinch they're great
where's your bring your band-aid cut
you're a leash picture a week is good
hey yeah known on that hand also what a
pointer on to the other ready for our
tax appointment
yeah what is really kids my sister Julie
just called shit the Missouri had missed
her a lot and she called me it she's
like I heard about Calvin and I saw some
of the comments and she's a nurse and
she's like I thought that her oldest
daughter had that when she was younger
she's like I really thought that she's
like dude what do you think it Calvin I
was like I just got out the appointment
with Ben so I thought that is really
cute that she called me to share that
about Emma and then thought about
Calvin's but he got hit we got him
tested and I didn't realize it would be
like a one-day thing but he is good the
doctor came in and he was really nice
about it and his levels I think it was
like 85 and it's normal between 60
something and like 90 something so he
said that he's okay and I feel good
Thank You Julie for calling me that was
really excuse you but on to taxes what
are we doing little buddy are we going
to get a helmet we're going to hurt you
guys so we have had our formula for a
while now but we haven't gone on like a
family four-wheeling trip and you know I
want to go to st. George's coming week
and I think we have all the details
dimes I think we're going to go we got
to get the kids home ed I'm excited this
is cool can they have a part here for
the kids to play with so you can go
inside look at home that saw the kids
play it feels good outside today it's
like 55 degrees is a great rate well and
they also have like a big like play area
and I do okay let's go inside we're not
trying helmets oh that was a
commissioner thank you thank you for
listening
good job boys
I'll help jack and you stay by Calvin
and help in what turn around and help
him up this is really cool this is one
huge playground for kids so smart if I
were to ever on the store I'd have a
love like that but a play area for kids
Jarrod's grabbing some helmets this is a
little too big for him he doesn't love
it you don't let it since you're writing
in this to go to wear your helmet was
put your helmet on that was smoother
than upstairs there you go he flipped
upstairs because no ice so sauce they
have this a small if they have that kind
of big it might fit Jackson but that's
still pretty good just don't want it to
have you on this neck for so long well
honestly I'm famous on the sofa oh sorry
let's close the door there you go
want to put your seat belt on oh okay
you're ready to ride I think that's the
perfect fit for you buddy
I think that looks good on you nine
hundred about your size huh what do you
think do you like it see that's not what
we do right and like in the sand dunes
or something I don't want stuff on their
faces their eyes goggle you can get on
they have like these little you know
masks that you don't fight invisible
like a normal home on it because I think
this week important banging around yeah
we can look around you know let's look
around the home or what do you think
Jackson is that it gets it
shake your head around and see that's
nice good job Calvin that's not even
cinched up either so I think that'll be
a good snug fit farm and you know what
you know what I think Joel actually have
a really small one for there because
that we get a maybe borrow for sure for
Cal yeah because it's it's lunchtime you
know perfect what about me let's go find
you one yes we can protect your cocoon
now the next hour maybe the most painful
hour of our entire life I'm totally
kidding
we have only trip it well it is kind of
painful it's tax time but we have a
really great tax guy
she's got a bite the bowl and do it
we're going to bite the boat biting the
bullet without me look at her she's just
buying the bullet I heard a few people
talk about my standing postures with
Mira Michael was different and in kind
of Taiji space - in coffee yeah it's not
something swimming costume won't come
either
mm-hmm she has my jacket on he was
asleep in the car yeah he came with us
today
Oh still kind of on Lee huh it's okay
you can be on there you don't have any
pants on
today we are embracing the dirt hi
Able's the stage and we're done playing
this warm outside go on your bun so you
don't hit your face in the dirt there
you go
embrace it whoo guys this is a hot mess
right there everywhere else is pretty
good is just right there
and then he goes into the sand we're
just going to embrace it today okay this
is pretty cool you have a pretty cool
backyard full of mud and dirt and rocks
all right so this is how we ended our
playtime outside muddy dirty a little
crying because penny knocked you over
just now huh
okay let's go and play squash up but
first if I take all these dirty shoes
off
even minor girl Rita wash them off these
kids have been working and playing so
hard all day long they're all clean from
the bath they've just had dinner and
we've got about 45 minutes and he'll
bedtime so what do you think we should
do until bedtime oh did your egg roll
your egg surprise broken you want you
wanna know why I broke because you judo
chopped it too hard
you little man machine you having nice
awesome
we might have to get another different
one so I think what we'll do is we'll
just hang out here together in the
basement and have little fun does that
sound like a good idea in miami-dade do
you like your mother psycho hurt it
looks so cool yeah and Calvin had a
Speed Racer shirt he doesn't know we're
in the right now we do ringing yeah
Speed Racer shirt ah so cool do you like
your oh she's still busy drinkin so so
we're just going to hang out together
father and son sound good Wow is this
I'm good that sound good does that sound
good
ah does that sound good oh god what
we're doing okay what a kid I say that a
lot what a kid okay should we read this
book Oh
Calvin's gonna write into us we read it
to us hmm okay
we can turn the page Oh mi'jita bugs
acted good daddy read it okay daddy's
gonna read it daddy read it Peter very
much okay well the kids are both in bed
but I said I was gonna end cares that he
wasn't I'm at you you've been with the
kids in the film in multi-day and I feel
like I should end the vlog or at least
hold the camera we both can talk the
camera is big enough for both of us to
be in in fact today you can join the
novel she gave a key is you remember
when she would sit in your lap yes she's
just a little little thing and you are a
few and manages day and in all the mud I
talk if you have any was trying to place
I deploy only play with you guys only
blue it's been a very productive fun
enjoyable day today we got some good
news this morning we got our taxes done
we I did a lot of poop Patrol in the
backyard we played with the kids we got
them to bed we read them stories it's
just a great day and now we are ready
for the weekend tomorrow is Friday or
today is Friday and we're going to have
a lot of fun weekend yes no I want to do
huh so I don't get magazine selection
the mail whoever this company is I got
this magazine in the mail and I cannot
wait to find cute patio furniture cuz
frying time is coming
that's gonna be fun is having a bag and
chairs on the front on the front patio
porch patio what's the difference
between a portion of patio at it anyway
Thank You Gabe or much for watching
that's right or to the front is that but
as far as like design is there any
difference as in location first rule
about real estate location location
location
okay we're going to end the vlog thank
you guys so much for watching have a
wonderful weekend and we will see you
guys tomorrow
okay bye
showing her crude houses stuff oh she's
too smart
