Ellie and I were nominated for an award
by the Utah infertility Resource Center
for inspirational impact and tonight
they're having an award banquet and we
could not be more thrilled and honored
to even be considered it feels so crazy
to be here but I'm grateful good morning
you guys hey Jackson you ready to go to
preschool good we're starting the
morning off right with some good
old-fashioned education this is going to
be an awesome day it's going to be a
very exciting day because we have this
award thing that we're going to go to
and I kind of don't know what to expect
why I'm very very excited about it I
think our house is haunted this is the
second time this has happened there's no
one here and this is running what the
heck oh that is the weirdest thing ever
I was working in my office editing one
of Ellie's videos and then all of a
sudden I hear this I'm like there's no
way Calvin GaN how like he's in bed like
there's no way he could have gotten out
to turn that on so I run out here lo and
behold no one touched it no one did
anything and it's running and then what
is happening maybe there's like a fly or
something around that that's landing on
it whoa whoa okay it's off okay real
quick if you have one of those you know
sinks let me know if if you ran into
that before or if it's totally weird
what are you guys doing
giving hugs tiny you just went on a fun
walk with dad I am making up some lunch
we're having tacos today I have lentils
going and sweet potatoes going I decided
for a date tonight Jerry and I are
getting really spruced up for a cocktail
attire
dinner - I am very excited you guys are
so goofy and you know what I really like
is you want your kids to listen to you
want your dog to listen to you you have
to give and they have to give tiniest
such as better listeners when she's had
a lot and same with the kids it's like
Jackson is a better listener when it's
like I played with him in the morning
I've given an attention and then I say
Kay mom needs to work well needs to cook
whatever and it's like they just listen
better you know and I think the dots can
be even sentence adults it's like I am
more resistant to other people when I
feel like they clearly care about you
let's see if it works
penny come okay look that's naughty
penny come it doesn't work you need more
walks sit - good girl go just sit not a
good girl - eat the toys lately when we
have put Jackson to bed at night if you
will say tell me what I would like is a
baby so what are we doing watching a
video of you is your baby so this is the
video when you were just brand new my
kids going off to work it was it was fun
knowing yeah yeah look out here's our
old house that was you as a baby no
funny would you want a baby brother or a
baby sister and houses another baby
Calvin we talked about that - she always
says a sister but today he said I want
another baby Calvin we're not expecting
we're not leaving here it's a large it
was very different no or not but we are
talking about a baby for sure
but when the time comes we are will
definitely be open like we always have
been
get pregnant this year dun dun dun
my eyes are open nice oh you look so
good look at your new time and I got
your suit dry clean you swoon today now
good oh look good morning on my bunk no
let me go get dressed ladies and
gentlemen boys and girls may I introduce
my date for this evening my wife Ellie
may come
Wow
Ellie you look stunning well thank you
you look saying look at your pearls
Thank You Birdman her I look so good and
let my shoes I used to say these kinds
of ugly but Bonnie change in line Ellie
your hair like you just look so
beautiful
yeah you know right now now we can go
right now we come with me yes let's go
I love The Times archive look together I
think they look good
hmm I love you yeah and you guys have
been so good thank you for making me
feel good about it all so yesterday in
our video we were filming and then
Calvin was kind of getting cranky and
was asking for water and Jared and I
were like all like he acts like we'd
never give him water and he's done like
this especially the last like three
weeks but he's always kind of been the
same I could always drink a lot
it just is weird so we mentioned that
yesterday and then in some of the
comments because like my son has type 1
diabetes he sounds like he has diabetes
or you may just want to get it checked
out I looked up some of the symptoms I
was like that totally is like Kelvin and
I called his doctor and I was just
talking to them about like it's just
something that I would like to get
checked out and they were so good to me
they were so nice and I told him like
you guys didn't make me so weird to the
inside weird like I want to get my son I
don't know it's just they need me to not
go we've had some experiences in the
past where people have made it filled up
about certain things that we want to
have looked at
and so Ellie's kind of sensitive to
those like oh for sure however have a
new doctor without new doctor over a
year ago and as I get the other one and
then there's the staff is like they were
nice people that when I had concerns it
was like oh he's probably okay well he
wasn't he had a neck issue and he
couldn't rescue like you were wrong like
I had a concern for a reason
I've had a lot of frustration with his
past doctors are just very very
appreciative of how nice they were today
so Jerry does ask me what is lensing on
my bucket list let me call my bucket
list
it is fairly new is I want to go to a
white house oh yeah I know that I am
very intrigued and I would love to do
that I'd love to I love white houses
because of their symbolism what's on
your bucket list
I would love to skydive I have another
bucket list flash I haven't played
guitar in front of a crowd like a big
crowd the largest crowd I've ever
performed in front of despite thousand
people I would love all May in play
a really large room do it I feel like
I've had a lot of my bucket list kind of
already checked off and I feel so
extremely grateful for that I mean we
live in a house I have my own dogs
you have your walk-in shower I heard
that's right who had a shower not just
walkin he has talked about that since we
were very first married that sometimes
I'm extremely grateful for the bucket
list items that I have already checked
so if you guys didn't know Ellie and I
were nominated for an award by the Utah
infertility Resource Center for
inspirational impact and tonight they're
having an award banquet and we could not
be more thrilled and honored to even be
considered because and we just walked by
and there's a lot of people are already
here getting set up we've got about a
half an hour because it took us about
two hours to drive down here so we got
here a little bit early so we could walk
around but it feels so crazy to be here
I don't know how to describe it but I'm
grateful
yes inspiration award this is incredible
this award recognizes an outstanding
individual or couples with infertility
who has been an inspiration to those in
and around the infertility community by
setting an example of positivity and
hope through their struggles this award
goes to Ellie and Eureka
YouTube sensations an infertility
audience to save sixteen thousand
dollars of their own money to give away
one idea cycle to one lucky family in
2016 their generosity actually inspired
clicks and by the Builders provides six
more cycles making it a total second
ideas cycle giveaway which reports our
dream come true for those availing so
huge round of applause
you
we're home it was good it was it was
amazing it was so good you want to see
yeah
that cool hey pops how are you you're
looking at some cool Award winners Wow
today was such a wonderful day we are so
grateful for all of you guys that have
joined and come along we're so grateful
for all the other friends that have
donated to the IVF grants this year it's
been we could wonderful you know without
everyone how cool is this like you
having y'all business I love that gosh I
feel I feel so humbled I feel so
grateful when we're at the the banquet I
just like got this overwhelming
impression like I know there's a large
part of our audience you know have come
from our infertility and there's a lot
of people who are still struggling with
infertility I just think it's really
important for them to know like you
don't have to suffer alone you don't
have to go through this alone there are
so many support that's who put this off
so that's what was very interesting and
something I really wanted to talk about
because today is International Women's
Day and see what was explained about her
position was she was the executive
director she is the one that came up
with this support group we use hot on
fertility Resource Center and she said
that she had gotten pregnant and
woofster IVF she did IVF a few times and
she ends up having a miscarriage and
she's gone on to adopt two children and
she went to a support group and she said
that when she went she was not very
welcomed because well you didn't lose a
baby you know well your story isn't that
faction was a baby you had a miscarriage
a lot of people in the support group
made her filled up have said that is
you know they were pregnant had the baby
and then the babies Pat you know they
didn't think that her case were worthy
to be in the support group oh my god I
know and she said that we all of us were
like so she made her own support group
and look at it I mean you saw there's
200 people there they were doctors they
were nurses they were people that
donated money they were people there
supporting it was sad to hear that and
so she made her own support group for
anyone anyone whether you're doing IVF
whether you haven't been able to get
pregnant whether you have been able to
get pregnant miscarried you know what if
you've lost a child just for anyone that
is trying to grow their families what
she said so this was a wonderful evening
for Jared night to be a part of it made
us want to be better people made us want
to be more giving I don't know what our
journey is going to be like this year
when we eventually start trying to grow
our family and I'm excited for when that
time comes and a little nervous from
that time comes but we talked a lot
about atomizes yeah and when that time
comes it'll be really special for our
whole family so thank you guys so much
for watching and thank you for the
Yukons activity Resource Center for
nominating us and for allowing us to
take part in this is I'm so happy so
thank you guys we'll see you guys
tomorrow bye bye penny penny penny penny
she's sticking out her tongue sticking
out I that fight
