do you guys remember three months ago in
December when Jared my and several
others were able to do an IVF grant well
guess what we have news that we would
like to share with you
well good morning guys which is bright
up bright and early
Jackson this morning said I'm you're
like you and Daddy and Calvin pendant
here my people where did you even hear
that you know any age yeah I'm up pretty
early I'm gonna go try bodies today for
the first time I'm using friends here
where's Jen at 10 he was Escobar's aunt
Jen today
Jenna's at Grandma's and II think she's
going home today
yeah we'll make sure to go say goodbye
okay eat your cereal
it might catch a new doing that thing
and my a my mic head I knew no not that
I'm looking at what's on your computer
you're looking at places you haven't
even really talked about I just Nathan
you're looking at places right now
aren't you are I am looking or next week
as complete as you can do it to kids and
st. George we're having a really really
long winter and it's like pinion the
kids need girls house but it's winter
and or fly I don't want to spend too
much and so focusing is to get in the
car and go to st. George for weeks it's
warm welcome auntie makes the meal pack
lunches and I think I want to do the
part under Junction like they made it
for everybody like those disabilities as
well so it just really cool big part a
lot of the State Park so you're not
allowed to bring dogs also you know I
wanted to hike so if we you just need to
get that part off yeah there there are
definitely some animal friendly ones I
mean you know that for sure
hey are you looking through a telescope
I see your eyeball can you see me I feel
so good I just wanted one with my
friends and like I can feel it like my
heart like being outside just walking at
me it's like you have to have a mic it's
alright but my stomach holy cow I say oh
good huge part is like when you wake up
and you feel good in the morning is that
exercise whether it's the night before
or the morning
just like a really important start today
and I don't do it and I need to and
Ellie have said multiple times Jared
let's do p90x Jared let's do insanity
and I'm like that sounds like a great
idea tomorrow I need a stop saying
command I know it's okay for doing it
I'm not talking about I just posted
something on Instagram it's like you
change doesn't happen overnight and I
expect it to but like I'm trying like I
have a few foods that I'm gonna make
this week mom's coming on Friday sending
this sweet potato salad and so yo so
it's like we're trying it is you'll get
there Jim one last fruit snack and one
less dr. pepper day you look in there
I'm not I'm sorry so I'm proud to say
that I have not had a dr. pepper yet
today it's only 9:00 in the morning yeah
I def hope I have it anyway forget we're
getting there we want to make in cycles
and it's important one may lie and bold
come on Meghan cecal bacon sickles make
and sex goals well that sounded like
something else
one two three jump good job you ready
for gymnastics let's go
before Jackson went to gymnastics we
went to the store to grab some things
from milk and everything and he picked
out some things just for us yes he did
well something for him in Calvin too but
specifically for you mama what was it
first off starburst jelly we just got
them talking about mingi this is from
Jackson okay so he was not part of that
conversation
okay that was cute ah did he pick that
one out he picked this one out for you
no yes he does in the men's room I come
in for nine months and then there's this
one these are my favorite Cadbury eggs
ya can trade these are always good for
Easter to have all the Easter cusses out
at the grocery store and we're just like
okay alright I guess just a minute okay
just one UK whole town to come stay
right by me
good job contain Cal me ready no I want
to tell you guys time real quick
so this what we're going to do today is
we're just going to play on the
playground that they have okay okay are
you excited you glad I got yes I got
Boston code I thought that would be fun
kid halt hands when we get in there I
don't want you to run off let whoop I
don't want you to run off let me pay and
then you can go play stay by me while we
pay okay
no thank you
I change I mind I got 20 tokens so when
those are gone we'll go to the play gym
okay okay
so Josh you want to put the suck it in
whoa look at all those pick it Jackson
look at your ticket stub you ticket
Wow
you
Oh
no I got way to be honest a thousand
percent honest so it's kind of a joke so
last time I took Jackson here I guess I
didn't realize he was young enough that
they didn't realize that there was like
coins ooh stuff and so I saw that that's
how this time ago they were excited to
see the Machine and that's what we did
just for a little bit just a very own
Grand Slam and they had fun and that's
what counts
I am tired is all good I can't
okay thank you for listening
the kids were great the kids were very
good I am sad
so poop like I said that it was a
different experience the last time I
came come on guys
good job I'm glad I caught you guys self
they're good they're good helpers Thank
You Jon cousins are such good helpers to
him hi Lane I get a crash tonight that's
for sure not crashed the car and that
clashes it might go to bed result you
are naughty Java did not play he ran
they chased him the whole time
I want to tell you guys something thanks
for saying thank you that was sweet of
you coach should we get you inside I had
fun I really did poop a whole day yeah
all right this is kind of an interesting
little burrito but to me it sounds so
good i shredded up some carrots black
beans avocado and I baked some bell
peppers and sweet potatoes oh and salsa
I may put some sauce on there yummy
Jackson you're go potty
yeah good job
I'm so proud of you I haven't told you
about junk done yet he's like how's it
going I think I'll tell you man I'm like
like a heat hand I need to eat then I
can talk you go potty
Calvin drinks hey I'll get you more he
asked like I never give
drink he's down down juices water milky
down day I don't think I've ever
realized how much I love sweet potato
and I just like cut him up I bake it at
400 with paprika salt and pepper and
uncoil walks like 20 minutes
and I totally kids their french fries
could they pretty much charge and you
love them do you like um you're coming
downstairs to brush at eat and someone
was already down here putting themselves
to bed she likes okay should go brush
her teeth
take instead let me read it to you
oh don't say no to Jackson
let's go read will go read come on Jax
it's going stairs push her teasing me
what in the world are you boys doing
look at your hair is that all styrofoam
oh my gosh
Elia opened up these boxes that have
cool campers in them let me show you
what they look like because I think they
look really good don't they look awesome
Ellie I love them you've got some oh
it's a conditioning treatment my hair oh
jeez Kay well boy you know we're gonna
have to do to clean this up it's not
going to be pretty not going to be
pretty young man
yeah you better believe it
but better
don't tell me you still have stuff all
over you go get daddy
you guys remember three months ago in
December when Jared Wright and several
others were able to do an IVF grant well
guess what we have news that we would
like to share with you with Aaron and
Riley's permission we wanted to tell you
guys that Aaron Riley are expecting
their first baby with idea.i I cannot
believe this this is so amazing such an
incredible announcement like oh my gosh
when they told me I started bawling we
Ellie and I were away from each other we
got an email and a phone call and like I
just got this these tears of joy yeah
we're so excited for them we are excited
for the opportunity to be able to be a
part of it it's crazy I'm kind of
speechless
I just we wanted to update you guys you
have lots of questions and Aaron Riley
have a video that they made we have not
seen at this moment yet so it's going up
like right now yeah
and so we will have their link in the
description if you guys want to check
out their video we're so happy for you
guys I mean really really hope that I
could be invited to your show I think
you bring something really good so far
right right we've been trying to get
updates from all the IVF couples and
some of them are starting some of them
are starting some of them are struggling
this is a this is a long process for a
lot of these guys and I know that as we
hear and everything you know when we're
given permission that we'll update you
with these things but like I can't help
but feel so grateful for the opportunity
to even do something like this because
like even giving someone the opportunity
to do an IVF cycle is one thing but
getting pregnant like that's that's a
amazing like oh my gosh what what are
the mean I can imagine how they feel
right now and that is like the no okay
the whole whole world up so happy for
them congratulations we want to take the
time again and say thank you to all the
donors who made this all possible for
all seven couples have the opportunity
to go through this thank you guys for
making this as possible this has been
such a huge blessing for us and for so
many people and we're so grateful
tomorrow we're going to the Utah
infertility Resource Center awards
banquet and how cool is it to be able to
share this information like that this is
going to be so wonderful they are going
to be thrilled like oh I'm not happy for
you guys so touch we're going to end the
night there on what a beautiful happy
note thank you guys so much for watching
the video and we'll see you guys
tomorrow bye
