kid you have a big egg surprise
somewhere and I have to find it are you
telling me where to find it oh there it
is it's right here your giant egg
surprise what's inside of it
I'll crack the egg good dude that was
the manliest way to crack an egg I've
ever seen
well burr we're on the hot side a few
days ago it's 50 degrees and now it's
freezing this kids just loved being on
the four-wheeler and everytime we go
across he's like wow because TV is ready
sure you go again
where we it is a hot mess down here look
at all of this stuff you need to pick up
steps what we're going to do
I looked up okay if you want a we
thought we got it all pick up
you
I don't know if we have this film down
here because we're embarrassed of what
it looked like or just because we just
haven't come down here and the kids have
played down here but it was like a
tornado came through here while I was
out doing the driveway Ellie and the
kids have been cleaning up in here and
it looks already way better so thanks
Ellie for for doing that if it looks
like a tornado came through here doesn't
mean that the kids have seen many toys
well I feel like we have not ever done
it but I did get rid of some because all
they like to play it as cars ah oh yeah
so again do you want me to come find
your eggs kid you have a big egg
surprise somewhere and I have to find it
are you telling me where to find it oh
there it is it's right here
your giant egg surprise what's inside of
it I'll crack the egg good oh my gosh
look at all those cars that's so cool
dude that was a manliest way to crack an
egg I've ever seen that was like some
kung foo shopping Calvin I've got your
clothes
hey I'm not I'm not protecting you he
started running away from me use the key
to see I've got your gloves come here
bud let's get the day oh he's a double
agent
watch out Calvin's across here when you
least expect it mister I wake up after I
am whining stop
I woke up I was like cheers me to go
back to bed for 30 more minutes and I
well I tried to waking up this in this
morning or Auckland and he would not ma
ma ma ma ma ma ma I was like you are a
broken record son just not not I never
any last gen wait for like five seconds
Sony's life and any kind of backup
system or the kids wait a second wait a
second we got distracted
yeah it is not all I think it goes oh
he's not happy
I think I can count how many times on
one finger I've had brunch maybe two
fingers I don't know so we are meeting
up with Jennifer and Tyson they're in
town visiting and we're going to help
lunch at the crepe for me yes yes we are
it's delicious they have really good
sweet and savory Hey oh yeah do you
remember those cherries max asked
acidnam what do you want to talk about
when you are a dragon well Jackson at
night he's been asking lately don't want
uncle Joel out today what was grandma's
great life in today me and then yeah he
was like and I told her that how you
were a dragon and we watched that show
now you always want to talk about how
you were a dragon when you were a baby
hunt that was so fun do you remember
being a dragon as a baby
that was a long long time ago well I'm
sure all the class let me know if you
guys remember when we get more power
drag him away from my queen can you cool
it go up yeah
go on get out of your drag get out of
here get out of your
I've got some good news we got the whole
document yourself oh my god did got oh
boy
we're gonna hit me yeah hey cannon
welcome to the jump zone throw it
did you give her hahahaha
you guys ready to party yeah you ready
you look at yo you are getting a few Oh
hold on buddy after fight that's how we
make
whoa good job but i-5 sounds amazing
high five good junk ow
high five before we go inside I want to
talk to you
do you know why I'm talking to you why
yeah we're going to get ready we've had
this yeah we've had a good day you how
about to funk our cousins are in town
through it to the jump park and we're
going to get in the hot tub and when we
were at the Jets on Jackson came up to
me and said he really wanted cotton
candy because they had treats there and
I said no and I injection wasn't very
happy with my answer
and I said Jackson we're having a fun
day we're not buying treats and I want
you to just be happy with that because
this is what we're doing and you were
very good
you are a good boy you didn't scream you
were happy when I said no you started
getting mad but when I explained it to
you you were really good and that makes
me happy because that's a good business
and because you are a good listener we
can all get in the hot tub together huh
that makes me happy we had a really good
conversation I just wanted to tell you
guys so that you know we sometimes we
throw fits but I'm glad it I'm able to
just talk to him and solve it and you
know if I say no sometimes if I
treatment sometimes we know it today we
didn't push should we get in the hot tub
okay yeah yeah get in the hot tub I'm
proud of you high-paid she knock you
over a little
hey pain ma'am it just go get in a hot
tub and suppose you haven't jumped in
yet ten you ready go oh oh my god vocal
oh here we go
oh no life is amazing
whoa come on I think so are you like
crazy Larry bought it I want to get the
hyperbola with knowing what I get in the
hot dogs go oh I love them so much this
is contrast between in and out of the
hot tub if I go up on my god so cold
hilarious
good doing in the hot tub with the snow
is officially a success but we are not
going to stay out very long so I think
we're going to get headed back in
because there's another part of that you
guys are going to have another party
when I get ready to I get new babies
babe what planet are you on who are we
are watching this earth too low we have
Costa bina and dr. pepper and we're
hanging out
I am sorry Bonnie's had a little rough
day she talked about her video how the
guys jump Park was so nice and like made
her and her kids attitude yeah because
you guys not resting and then she went
to Costa Vita and she bought all this
dinner and she had like six orders
because if she bought her friend dinner
that was pregnant and she said that as
she was ordering the guy literally
rolled his eyes and Bonnie said I'm
still paying customer don't be upset
that I have a large order and he wasn't
really went like this and put his hand
on his head I was like a normal instead
of getting feisty I just like started
crying and I'm like it a favor my order
yeah I know I know it's either you get
feisty or you cry and I'm not wait to
think what are the other picks is this
cream I'm never victory special and
tonight I cried one sorry you've had a
rough day
Costa Geeta I'm not very happy with you
because I like your food but don't like
your service it was not nice to make
body cry you're welcome you're welcome
this was my genjutsu goodbye to food
generate sometimes text after The
Bachelor but can you seem like Jesus
upset who do you like talk about it um
fun to have you here see you there
crisis is just the biggest fan to Tyson
he is my calling you might need a like
blur amazing changes my friend stood me
up this over candy ha Katie okay okay no
wonder you went looking at me I climb
you Canon thank you how you die boom
baby
said hilarious well you know sometimes I
call penny Calvin
like I get mad at her and my Calvin no
penny so it's me your weight with the
show yeah well there you have it the
most dramatic episode of Ellie and JIP I
mean The Bachelor ever before on the
history of this show is that weird that
they always use that phrase but it
always happens to be the most dramatic
I don't know Ellie knows more about it
than I do the girls enjoyed The Bachelor
excited for The Bachelorette I guess and
now that that is over it is time to go
to bed thank you guys so much for
watching the video today if you enjoyed
it be sure to give it a big thumbs up
and we will see you guys bright and
early tomorrow thanks for watching bye
