yeah buddy your mum room room put the
pedal to the metal yeah
well good morning and happy Sunday you
guys got into this cereal
I think you guys need to get down okay
no no no no more okay that's enough you
down you down Karen I just got done
filming my video for my channel it is
everything makeup hair nails outfit
it probably is going to be one of my
best videos I've ever filmed the
lighting was gonna like I did a really
thorough job time for church stuff so we
got to get dressed I'm sucking a little
bit of a dilemma here and I was
wondering if you guys might be able to
help me out I I just don't know what to
do about this do you want to say or do I
not shave do I shave what do I not save
do I shave or do I not say I don't know
I don't think I'm going to shave but on
second thought Ellie might really like
it if I do shave so maybe I will shave I
think I'm going to say all right Chao
has given me a run for my money this
morning she was up at 4:00 again so I
was in the rocking chair from 4:00 until
8:00 and we probably slept from 6:00
till 8:00 and then he wouldn't take his
nap I'm pretty sure it's a little
two-year-olds molars that are bugging
him anyway I've got some lights I have
my planner in here I have two peanut
butter and jelly sandwiches in here and
then I have these for the kids at church
to keep it entertaining for that first
hour so in of course water so we are
ready to go Jackson's in the car how do
I look you look good the old soup but I
think the motel for my question yeah the
more important question is are you happy
that I shave
very nice your nitrous - I can tell it's
a nice to see those sis's if there's me
a lot better doesn't it yeah okay okay
let's go to church
quick little outfit of the day Ellie
look stunning
Calvin you look dapper really little
guitar yes yes I know I do dad this is
Jackson shirt long I remember a sweet
you are sent mr. Jonathan had someone
like favorite nicest shirts ever know
okay place the cord from the guitar seen
this on will go yeah see yes oh we're
gonna have to get over that shyness okay
you're going to be a musical star you
got to be over that shyness oh oh close
right call me when three hours they do
back home from church and the kids are
eating a nice little snack what are you
guys eating oh it's hot you got a blow
on it that's of oatmeal we got some
berries we got some juice that good
Calvin is it good oh it's hot okay make
sure you blow on it so this morning I
think that it was a beautiful morning
today and after church we come home and
look it was thundering and it's kind of
just like dark and gloomy it's not
getting dark until like 6:00 6:30 now
but it is 4:30 like look how dark it is
outside already 1 4 so that's why
Sunday's are kind of a long day it's
like right in the middle of Calvin's nap
time so it's like a difficult game do we
put Calvin down early or do we try and
have him take a nap during church and
today he took an ad very church he slept
on Ellie for about an hour and they
slept on me for an hour and oh my gosh
like oh I love when Calvin like just
kids in general sleep on you because
it's just like I love that cuddle time
so this is my like 11th try at trying
this cut because I haven't known how to
spit it out but I wanted to talk about
because I felt really strong about it at
church and so in really society where
all the women get together for part of
church we were talking about
balancing opportunities and that I felt
like was perfect whether you put that in
church kids work related and I was
really thinking about that with Jared
and I and how we balance opportunities
and someone was talking about how not
every opportunity is necessarily a bad
versus good opportunity some are good
versus good and we've had that
experience where it's like all this is
such a good opportunity but we should
probably turn it down because it's just
not realistic that we go to this place
you know we have the kids you don't want
to leave them work or certain
opportunities that we have like
work-related I'm like running on the
house because Calvin yeah literally that
was two seconds he got the flush and you
are everything but I just really enjoyed
that and it made me really sit and think
about how to balance our life I feel
like right now
I feel like just really good life seems
very balanced and sometimes especially
in the summer it doesn't sometimes I
feel like it's very not balanced and I
want to try and remember to keep things
balanced and not over schedule myself or
you know what I mean I really enjoyed
that today to church and thank you guys
for listening because guess what that
was like the tenth time I started this
clip because the kids are running Calvin
fell it was like I wanted to say if I
didn't know how to spit it out there we
go
balancing opportunities good nice yes
haha okay Ellie oh you can't go back now
oh so Elliott is attempting to fix
Erica and so we're hanging up again Noah
hey no high five but the boys are just
playing oh my gosh
how long is aw I was just going to say
how long has it been since you've ridden
a buddy it's been a while so you're
doing awesome yeah buddy
put the pedal to the metal yeah Calvin
loves the four-wheeler more than
anything guys look it's snowflakes that
are coming down right now
those are fatty snowflakes we are
getting so like so we're never getting
offense we're getting guys stop we're
never get any of that food it's okay
Jane I'm sad I know well if you're not
happy with the weather and Utah just
wait five minutes this morning is
beautiful now it's like fatty-fatty
snowflakes isn't that crazy
yeah dude don't yeah yeah so you have to
wear the hat anymore man it looks great
yeah well I guess the real judges like
kind of Jenica feel about it that's a
lot of snow is very short but you know
what I usually defensive style there you
go
I look that's what you should have done
some like flames are like ice on the
back so I found out a church today that
one of our neighbors is a big fan of dr.
pepper as well so I was going to bring
penny but she doesn't like walking in
the snow or she's just having a really
hard time walking right now but I've got
the SEPA stroller full of dr. pepper and
we're going to go make a delivery I just
think this is the funniest thing by the
time I got to their house the dr. pepper
was covered in like an inch of snow and
it's all free they just happen to be
outside as I was walking because they're
saying goodbye to one of their friends
and like what kinda is walking her baby
out in this class and I let snow get all
over the beams
lo and behold dr. pepper delivery check
and mate
done and done hope you enjoy well I made
it back for my delivery the kids
haircuts go I figured if I have some
your tight stuff out I might only do it
because of kids hair okay let's see your
hair buddy
whoa even got the spins look at that
line mom you did a great job Calvin to
see your hair oh I just a little on the
side princess my fluffy hey did you guys
actually know this is mommy's and I'm
sharing to you thank you Sam let's open
this up like Calvin help - oh those
undermined yes you guys are lost nap
before bed yeah Caitlin okay
yes I'll open it let's look at your hair
looks nice and sure on top turn around
nice nice Calvin turn around just mostly
did the sides of the bottom of the top
still growing I don't know what I'm
doing is common there okay I'll open it
I knew what I was doing Jack sometimes
he always always had like a lot of pair
of it
Calvin is more fine and you know that
have a lot of it but it's kind of
curling I love that I don't really know
what I'm doing with his yeah okay want
me to put it fill it on you know what
you always time for best we put towel in
the bed and she is not happy so I kind
of like a weird day it's been a good day
with a weird day my eyes are very very
tired until you get some kind of
cetology he's not happy at all
down I want you to second I formed by
guys I think I'm going to really like to
join me well I never ever come here
Chinese rock you yeah country
you want to under the cover okay this
way we can keep your egg nice and warm
while you sleep how does that sound good
okay it's right here oh good good we got
to keep those cars safe okay great
mama time the bathtubs going and I have
a cute little container that I put my
love stuff in so my mom got this for me
really for Christmas it's a Centon bull
and I kind of had candy in it and I just
knew that I didn't want this to ever get
broken so that I'm just going to put
this in my closet for a while I'll put
some of my lush stuff in this I've never
tried before it's like a milk success we
very moisturizing I think I'm going to
do that one today this one's really cool
when you put it in the water like foams
up just feels kind of like rubbery but
it makes the water really moisturizing
so got some stuff in here I'm going to
think I'm going to use that new one
today do not get me wrong I love winter
and I love snow but it's kind of in a
hard winter because we have the puppy
home we don't have a yard hook beds like
we have a Jimmy Ridge fence out there
it's been very cold this winter and the
snow just keeps coming have another few
inches out there and it's supposed to be
kind of icky all week I really like a
little gently I'm like I think I have
some winter blues I want to get out but
I also don't want to go in the Arctic
really enjoy being home but I think I
still cooped up for pennies well and
Ellie and I have actually talked about
this a long time I don't know if I want
to go anywhere because we just know we
just moved here and this is our house
but this is our beautiful home on the
other side of that same coin winter
blues is a real thing when I was in
Finland
you know the darkness it gets to people
the coldness it gets to people you snow
and you know those big things gets to
people so anyway I think we might go to
st. George in a week though because we
have like Church and things that we need
to do still I have activity
a journey to teach on Sunday so maybe
after church next Sunday we're going to
leave for a little bit that's what I
wanted you I haven't even talked to
Jared about it I would like to read all
about it without him even don't and
that's the only way I know about this
specific conversation is like I'm
getting all these notifications like oh
she's nothing he was gone he was getting
some stuff at bunny shops she can't
handle this anymore she's ready for
something new I just think it'd be
really nice to go on a hike like I am
dreaming of going on a hike right now
with penny well that's it for our video
I think maybe I can I do that so they do
Oh are we going to go to our adventures
it's going to be the venture a guess
we'll come with refugees just a key week
first so thank you guys so much for
watching and we'll see you tomorrow bye
bye paint girl penny can you say bye to
our friend Rudy goodbye to her friend
she was not happy
