okay what you said
drawing out samples he'll achieve you
guys so far all right they're just
behind the big pile of poop and dirt and
snow yeah should be a proud father
hashtag tripod
you
good morning guys happy Saturday
happy Saturday Jackson are you having a
good day today dad we have some good
news for you are we gonna go play in the
snow that sounds like a good idea guys
we have some good news for you Jackson
what happened today what did you do
today you what on your own trouble yes I
was working on the vlog this morning and
Jackson is yelling from the downstairs
and he's like daddy mommy I have to
prove I have to poop and we're like
running over like so excited were like
okay let's do it we're going to go sell
it so it's going to be great and then we
get down there he is wiping and he has
already pooped
he got himself undressed he sat on us
are like he went poop and he was wiping
us up I was like yeah I'm proud of you
buddy good job so that's our good news
for the morning we're going to get the
whole family packed up in the van we're
going to bring penny along with us and
we're going to go visit some family
members who are in town oh well that
escalated quickly we did quickly huh
penny you two stay right there
well penny we're heading out of town we
would bring her crate we we stopped and
picked up a like travel one that you can
like fold when we go places so we're
putting up in the back of the car for
penny and she just like jumped on him
back and we're on but luckily we got Jew
area right now penny penny penny penny
girl three buddy buddy we good
everyone buck dog say hi DJ hi
ji did huh come here can it could be
money he's scared to finish though he's
going doses like my mind he called it
what candy that you took around the
exactly where you wanted you want those
little Christmas things I came in cannon
terrify me I'll type in today
you ready where are we going okay we got
home and before we get the hot shower
say what I do something did you
specifically before I get in the hot tub
or a pool is I put my hair up in a bun
and whatever is on your hair like if you
don't have anything on your hair and get
in the water it's going to absorb all
that chlorine and so if you have a
barrier that helps so all Aquarion is
like absorbed in your hair anyway so I
have my conditioner that I use I put on
the ends of my dry hair cuz that will
moisturize it and then just as the extra
and I have this Moroccan oil do I put a
ton of it at the ends of my hair so just
like from here down I will cope with
Moroccan oil and conditioner it will
give me a good conditioning treatment
that's what I do like once a week you
get kelvins little signature on these
swimming suits these are from raising
wild and I heard this is a small oh
sorry Cal they could both be extra small
because it falls off a scintilla bun
should we get your savings - I know
we've had the hot tub for a little while
now and why dolly gosh darn it we love
the thing but there's been some spam at
the very bottom of the hot tub and we
went to go get some supplies today from
the hospital store we got our hot tub
and we get our supplies from bullfrog
spas to the northern Utah bullfrog spas
I asked them about the sand and they're
like oh you just use a vacuum I'm like I
am NOT taking my Dyson vacuum and I'm
not backing in odds up come on man tell
me what you really want and you said no
like a spa vacuum and he showed me this
thing this spa vacuum and he's like it
just uses the water pressure to create
suction and I'm like what the heck and
he showed me and I was like mind blown
so I want to show you but I can't show
you in these clothes because we've got
to get in there so I can show you so
ready we got the vacuum one two three
okay got the vacuum let's go outside
vacuum I thought
you
you
oh my god
oh hey ed drawing on panel yeah telex
have you got so far right here this one
right here did they follow scuba dirt no
yeah they follow that is pretty healthy
we should be a proud father have to
watch this is acts of course painting
mine out for the night this is the color
that I did my fingernails my toenails
this is from SC sheer fantasy and biked
my style I actually don't really love
the pink because it's like almost clear
and it's a windy like crazy
and right now is finally growing out
after I chopped it off should I make a
joke about your eating no I'll get he's
no good to me make ain't so good so if
something is not to chew with your mouth
open
I'll get anyway back to reality this
this is what I was going to say I was
thinking about this so we're watching
this is us and starting a commercial I
don't think there's been a television
show that I have enjoyed more that makes
me grateful more grateful for my family
than a TV show should like and I think
that's why I like it so much is that
they they show like these difficult
times but they always show like it's
very relatable yeah I think it I think
it really is I mean especially the whole
having kids part and it just makes me
think like we were talking yesterday
about dr. Seuss what I said to the sixth
graders was having a positive attitude
doesn't make the difficulty or the trial
that you go through less difficult it
just makes it a little bit easier to go
through that and I think that family is
a very similar thing and I think this is
a does a good job of showing that
having to support and having people
around you doesn't make this thing the
the trial any less difficult it just
makes it going through that trial a
little bit easier because they have that
yeah you have that support and
everything and I don't know I think
that's just why I like that show and I
I'm glad that we're watching it because
it adds good feelings I agree okay so Oh
what kid is that I don't know that's one
of the kids so that means we must go
thank you guys we always say much one
who is it this time
okay it's not a Shaq sign I think it was
- thanks Rocky
thanks for watching guys hope you have a
wonderful weekend and we will see you
guys tomorrow bye
chilli what your mom okay
