do it whoa okay whoa you guys are flippy
floppies oh my goodness oh whoa careful
there but careful there but you may not
have kids
good morning guys today has been so
awesome everyone woke up early and we've
all been able to get a lot of stuff done
Ellie is cleaning me and we took Jax in
the preschool and I've been working on a
video for Ellie channel 2 actually just
went live but sometimes I get a little
distracted so a while ago I tweeted out
that I finally passed like the most
difficult level on best beams I think it
was like level 64 or something like that
and a bunch of you guys tweeted me back
saying like dude Jared your level 64
I'm on level 100 I'm on level 250 and
then someone even said I won level 592 I
I can't even believe that that's amazing
I passable 64 and I was just like who's
finally like insert gift that explains
my feeling I've been kind of competing
with Jeff from Johnson Sam and last I
heard he was on level 71 I'm happy to
report that I am on level 72 I've got to
be Jeff Jeff or Natalia I'm not sure
who's doing the playing here actually
let's be honest I think Natalia is the
one behind all of the success on their
best fiends account and you guys didn't
already know what best beans was it's
actually a free puzzle adventure game
where you collect and build a team of
things to defeat slugs by matching the
same colored object and you beat up this
look and it's very satisfying they're
introducing the xxx beans as basically
members of your team pop this month one
of the cool things that you can do with
it is if you connect to Facebook you can
actually see what other friends of yours
that are playing with all their arms so
you can actually go in front of their
face like I am suggest Natali right now
and
and see what level they are and it's
really cool if you download the game
right now and use my code in a link in
the description you can get five dollars
worth of free rewards gold and diamonds
you'll know what those are in the game
the thing that I really like about this
game is that they're always adding
content to the game and it's still free
for example they're adding a minigame
with granny slug which is supposed to be
like this really big challenge this ones
are tough enough as it is
they're introducing this granny slug
who's really tough I'm excited but
download the game for free if you use my
link you'll get five dollars worth of
free rewards I have been addicted to it
especially over the like the past two
and a half weeks when I've been
traveling like to my brother's house and
everything in Colorado I played it
non-stop on the plane to and from it's
just a lot of fun I know you guys will
like it so check out the links down
below Thank You Beth means for
sponsoring this video today let me know
if you guys download the game and let me
know what level you are on so we can
compete against each other in the future
excuse me young man excuse me that is
the opposite of cleaning unless you're
planning on making a delicious breakfast
lunch and or dinner oh you've got your
cell phone you're calling your
girlfriend just test test he's ordering
food okay
that's my kind of boy I've been
finishing up dusting it be a biggest
thing that is always dirty so you
usually don't want the kids like eat
around the house like they'll eat
cookies and like peanut butter and jelly
sandwiches around the house so I do let
them sit when they watch shows I will
have like a bowl of snacks and usually
have like a little granola bar are you
guys sure we're good god so usually have
little granola and they oftentimes two
on our bed i rushing the sheets because
they're dirty because they have like
crumbs all over but my doorknob is
always sticky always so I'm sitting here
wiping it off but I just needed that's
cute and something that I want to
remember we're drawing off is always
sticky because the kids heat and my bed
as they watch a show play me a song do
it come on you were just doing it it was
so good like honestly he was moving up
and down the harmonica and he was doing
like inward and outward blows like it's
really good come on man do it yeah I'm
doing it plane come on do it
I collected this way okay here's a
little bit done you want daddy to try
okay you don't like that okay you try
good come on you can do it
g'day okay can you go for it
cover okay you were warned and this is a
good can I go up and down I'm I wasn't
present he was playing it was really
really good you are going to be so
musically talented I can tell
I don't know what it is about being
productive but it's like it's almost
like contagious and you want to just
keep doing more and more and more so we
just filmed a video for Ellie's Channel
and that was a lot of fun it was
actually kind of more surprising and
sporadic than anything but we've got
that productive juices flowing in our
body and we were supposed to do this a
little while ago but we're going to hang
these little shelves up hands off remove
it like that I usually place to test dot
Bullock thank you told me about self
that's right I liked it yeah so we're
going to hang these shelves and we're
going to put them just right above the
toilet
I just hate me first drill like those
the first one always makes it all
nervous
slower cringe ready so what's fun is is
our house you can do a lot Oh
they haul it looks great
don't forget the stickers to cover up
the nail holes from rule that's the
worst you don't want that
that's one probably the most important
part in this whole project perfect so
this was my mom's that she gave to my
grandma and then that was my grandma's
she painted and then this is my mom's
died broke one time is a kid and Julie
was like if you don't tell mom I am and
she's going to get mad at you and I
remember crying and telling my mom and
she was like it's okay and made me feel
really cute so she gave that to me need
to get some things to come out of this
and I think and just picture frame I
need to put the picture of me and all my
aunts and not one yet to go up there and
then I'll put like a little faster right
there with toilet paper it looks really
good and levels are so low like man
whoever did that must have done it was
great though
I think Calvin's angry you just woke up
high
you shaking your head no thank you
I know you ready to get out hi did you
take a good nap that was nice to chat
from shower
it's not water do you like them do you
no good yeah I think it looks really
great okay so word is on the street that
these have a sweet taste to them oh
whatever
are you just saying that to shock me no
it's not gonna shock you there's no
electricity right through well you know
II the black part on it I'm not getting
to be happy if it steams me it's not
it's not going to see you it's bull just
look it real quick
just try it I know what you're doing to
try tell me what it looks like it does I
mean it's not like you I sit down
Twilight where on my life a little nosh
okay why is it taste like does it what
does it taste like oh I didn't taste
like that so I'm sick fine book chemical
so I read on the news that they actually
discovered that a bitter agent and
coated it with this so kids wouldn't be
thrown put them in their mouth oh here
isn't that cool crazy not crazy
disgusting is what it is I I have been
tasked with the task Ellie and the kids
are over up on in Joel's house and they
have acted i Jenner become come true
they're rusty
I only said that because I'm in the
garage in a sec so to echoing a lot
Ellie has requested we go we go to the
spacebar too much but it's really really
good
she wants to quit cooking and so do i
and so does Joel and so does money good
how are you can I get one dozen social
high-five
look I brought you guys some cuckoo how
many did you get
okay yeah so well I I bought as many as
you want to give it a kiss well I never
wanted to get to share today yeah so
that they knew not every Tyler gets like
right me we're going to save these so we
have lots more than just tonight okay
well I just came by purposely cutting on
an app named cutting of a quarter oh my
goodness
oh well that's careful there but careful
there but you may not have kisses in
future cake go for it do it whoa whoa
okay whoa you guys are flipping floppies
you guys are jumping all over the place
you guys having fun okay give me a high
five oh whoa yeah for date night it is
either extremely low key pajamas or very
very fancy pearls and makeup and today
is low-key and I love it
I brought my girl he did okay so don't
don't you put words in my mouth
okay okay okay let me have to drink here
I love I can't wait to try that
pineapple a drink great got soda and
joel is coming back people going to be
from China who comes the tandoori oven
often time to go to bed buddy are you
having the sleep over on this side of
the room huh
okay they don't close your eyes good
night buddy good night good night good
night guys well we made it back and now
in his time for bed
in fact I was downstairs with Jackson in
I fell asleep so I am definitely going
to that thank you guys so much for
watching the video today I hope you have
a wonderful weekend and we will see you
guys next time bye
