okay you got to throw a quick you got
real quick I definitely aware for parts
that I say I'm the cat mad for these
wonderful you think I should wear it
yeah okay alright Jackson did you know
that that is the cab how did you know
that joy looks so silly for those of you
guys who don't know today is dr. Seuss's
birthday and we are going to an
elementary school to speak about reading
and about lessons we can get from
reading and I remember as I was a kid I
loved assemblies because it's fun to
laugh and to see my friends and to play
assemblies were the best and we get to
be a part of one that's so cool perhaps
we go to an assembly today so we're so
excited yeah you got everyone outfit I
know I honestly looked for hours trying
to find one in Le size but no one had
one available kind of a bomber
oh my gosh Gigi book hey he's our
visitor there you go oh my goodness
that's so cute wait a minute are you a
troll or anything to poor thing 114
three okay show me yeah thing twelve
hahaha Jackson he looks so good you look
so good dude hanging one and then
pallidus he's it's on one there you
happy birthday dr. Seuss
Jackson what do you see right over there
other way so know what Yeah right there
Oh Drago gonna that's so cool Calvin do
you see the fire truck
I mean thing to do you see the fire
truck oh my gosh
I remember in elementary school the
coolest days were when the fire
department came you could walk through
the fire truck and watch patty all that
well yeah we did take the husband's get
spray everyone you wouldn't know we
would never do that they never had that
it was the very last day of school
member they would have the fire there
and they'd have the hose and they would
spray everyone ever would run like a big
ol sprinkler sounds like your elementary
wasn't much well we made it here to the
elementary school and I my butterflies
are going I'm kind of nervous I hold
this file we do good
I also laugh at us in a good way like in
a good way okay we have books and
stuffed animal solutions
okay guys the stage is set and now we're
just waitin for all the kids coming to
the gym and they said they're going to
fill the gym with 500 tips they've got a
big ol projector so we can watch our
videos all day long and while I'm
sitting there going to play like over
the intro video and what these guys have
a rock climbing wall one way we never
had that as a kid what we did was we did
the parachute every once in a while you
know the big parachute and then the
Rolly cart thing you're going to be an
elementary school soon in a couple years
and you'll be going here and you'll be
playing is not going to be fun I'm going
to get you we're playing tag Oh gotcha
we do fun I'm gonna get you high get you
the
my favorite thing that Jared had said
was when we're talking to the sixth
graders they asked why do you think is
one of the reasons you guys have grown
and Jared said about the positivity but
what I liked about that was when you go
through a hard time just because you're
positive
those who doesn't doesn't make the
situation any less difficult it's just
your perspective on mom is hard we
bought a lot and we say we tried to say
what we feel and what we think but I
think by hearing Jared say doc today was
probably one of the first times that
like I just did it really quick does
that make sense yeah like when you said
I was just like so why but it's true it
like it just was just nice to hear it
was nice to hear my husband say doc I
enjoyed that
if anyone's a thing on my tail is kind
the door the whole time we were driving
how'd he like you bad I heard the school
was kind enough to give us these little
goodie bags
how awesome are they yeah colors you
want out hey whoa oh good okay Jackson
show us what's on in the inside but you
got old it from the bottom what did we
get Oh hmm look at all these cool things
guys dr. Seuss flashcards football
legends like to give you a good answer
that was nice again yeah thank you guys
that honestly was so much fun I really
really enjoyed us yeah for counting and
everything and is that are those letters
yeah oh yeah education now we're going
to share so much in fact you're going to
share a lot with the moment as we are
going to lunch with us at Grandma gray
and grandma grandpa I've been just going
on Instagram you know like to use
and I just passed my friend Ashley
Hughes photo and it's funny what social
media does to you but actually he's and
I are friends and we didn't know each
other and I believe Jackson was six
months or nine months old and Ashley's
baby Milo was the same age and he had
passed away since and I just remember
holding Jackson and crying for her and I
didn't you know she she went and I saw
our babies at the same age and she is
she has two twins and she's getting
ready to bring home her fourth baby boy
from the hospital today she is in the
hospital getting ready to have her baby
and I'm so happy for her and there's so
many of my friends and so many aq I mean
everyone everyone has struggles and I
just I just have a lot of people that I
look up to because Ashley like she is
been so positive and happy I know she's
had some well a lot of times like I
can't even comprehend how low she has
had in her life at ten but I'm even our
husband like in his family just know
that there's just so many people that
lose loved ones far too early and I just
I'm so happy for her right now during
this happy time this happy moment
ha okay
can you do it get in Jackson yeah iPad
thank you know what I'm thinking when I
was little I was about I was about five
and poor oh whoa whoa careful when I was
about five my friend
I'm cuz I was course in his family gave
me something and we've had it my whole
life and I think it's a my turn to take
it home from my parents house to ours
let me show you what it is
how pretty are you all Jared I can't
wake up crash to say this in every video
come here
go ahead okay good good girl
okay you got to throw a quick you guys
real quick her shell got it down the
gift that I got when I was like four or
five years old boy see it penny Jackson
it says give me your profit in yours now
pooper scooper cutest little shovel ever
kids ice shovel and candy just made me
have to be able to use a pooper scooper
okay since yours now and yours just to
show you how tall this is you hold it
right there jacks it's just a little
baby shovel are you going to help us be
the pooper scoopers okay that's what
you've got to do this yeah just just
like that watch Penny's head yeah it
gonna be a pooper scooper this summer
okay we already picked it up can you put
the dirt keep the dirt in the thing and
just put it on top of each other
yep and then just put it somewhere else
on top of the other dirt yep perfect
not outside of it but yet right there
perfect perfect
good job I told the kids that they were
really good while money goes and cleans
all the bathrooms in the house we can
get in the hot tub tonight so you kids
were good you're all eating a cookie and
when they get back inside from swimming
we will have some soup and then it's
straight to bed because it's already
almost six o'clock so it's kind of late
night but I cannot wait to get in the
hot tub with these kids look at this pot
this which is your body
how many better the right jacket before
of course but not always market where oh
oh oh
because the space always goes in but
these life jackets like hold them up
right and he is so cute and you just
women come here come to Manny
all of this is a homicide Zack you've
always line he's out of breath
underwater
oh my gosh that was like my second I can
get back up far enough already
oh my gosh rid of this kid come from
today okay yeah guys my boy Tommy get
that I'm going to be right here to help
him back up
okay okay I'll leave it there you jump
down and get it and I'll be right here
to take you back that model so try it
again okay you guys down really easy and
then you go get it okay okay I'll be
here thing yeah I'll help ya
oh good god this is like like huge
achievement for him I see it's all
exciting my musical quality warm hand
really been in the hot tub was just like
the kids it's not resins are just scared
in the kid I just think that we're both
here playing with them just it's fun it
feels good yeah like I wanna have a
better way to end a night hey what a day
guys was that one like one of the best
days ever comes the very fun film day
Calvin just tripped over rusty we are
going to go ahead and read our dr. Seuss
left went to the kids I have a dog
caramel I'm just the best kind of hair
and dads in your mouth we're going to
read some dr. Seuss books for the kids
and we're going to call it a night on
was the best phase that we've ever had
come on Calvin join us I'm Jackson
zooming in the hot tub was a very big
surprise we didn't even tell us who he
dejected and did it we were like did you
shooter like what a huge breakthrough
he's pooping like oh my goodness you
know again today that my magnetical
potty huh and Calvin is like talking
more and it's just been like so fun to
be with these kids and watch them grow
up plus acres Calvin safe tap tap Oh pat
man can take a new cup and I just did it
thank you guys for watching
we'll see you tomorrow
