say dad mom no say dad yes
sit no seat dad dad they Papa mama oh
come on
morning guys I'm excited we are excited
we are invited so we have a phone call a
couple weeks ago to something that has
completely blew my mind
the Utah infertility resource that are
called us and said that they have an
awards banquet every year and now we
were nominated for an award and that we
are invited to this amazing England
dinner for this award ceremony so I
looked on the website and everything and
I found out that there are only four
categories that people get award for and
we are nominated for one of those Awards
we're nominated for the inspirational
impact for special I got I can't even
believe that people thought of us for
that like in a grandiy so obviously just
has something to do with the fertility
grants that we were able to help with
and a lot of other people were able to
help so on invitation it said cocktail
attire so I have a dress but I want to
get Jared a nice tie and I want to leave
you look at some shoes so because I get
Calvin some water I get Jax is situated
are you going to come with me today I
give you a good boy going this is we're
going to go look at some shoes
but I think that's not nice at all he
wants to talk to you you talk to him
tell me what was super here you like
Iran and America lag in consumer society
what are you saying my papa or Peppa I
don't know they all sound the same to me
ma so while Ellie and Jackson are out
having a good time Calvin and I are
going to have a good time we're going to
go get ready for a big thing a big
presentation that we're doing tomorrow
and one of these stores here's has I
think just about everything we need you
know just some good Calvin and dad
bonding time huh can you get aa
say desk so as this video goes up it is
going to be dr. Seuss day and here at
the store they have lots of dr. Seuss
books that are not too expensive so
we're going to grab a bunch of them and
we're going to grab some dr. Seuss toys
because we're going to a fun place now
and we want to give those things away
and don't need something say dad mom oh
say dad yes
no say dad dad say Papa mama oh come on
say Dada say Peppa say loofah what
Calvin we found the jackpot look at all
these books
cat in the hair one fish two fish red
fish blue fish green eggs and ham we're
about to go ham on these books um bud
this one are you my mother
hey dad dad hey mama such a good book
dead this is one of the funniest
challenges that we go through kind of on
a regular basis is well maybe it's more
of a game it's try to keep the baby
awake while you're driving in the car so
you can get him home in time so he can
lay down for a nap and but you don't
have to transfer it in game so today we
were successful but not after some crazy
attempts I mean I would love to have I
guess I do have the camera but I would
love to see other parents do the same
thing and the extremes that they go to
to try to keep their kid awake in the
car before they come home and put them
down for a nap
I don't mind Calvin pharmacy
in the car I don't mind it all but he
will just sleep so much better if he's
awake and then goes to his crib
transferring and has always been pretty
difficult with Calvin and Jackson but we
can do it it's just harder and they
don't sleep near as long yeah so you
have no time with you drink can you say
goodnight to our friends say bye bye
okay you'll see him again it's okay okay
all right I have narrowed it down to
these three ties to go with my dress I
really like this one but it's a little
wide I know Jared likes skinny ties this
is fine my favorite because his suit is
blue and my dress is pink this is my
dress and I think that dot would be
really cool that would look good with it
I sent Jared text we'll see what we
decide
I have had Calvin I have not I think I
bought a bra right after Kelvin but
would have being pregnant having kids
nursing kids your body changes so much I
just been wearing a bra less since I've
had Calvin which is pretty much like not
even over ah so since I but first I'm
like buying a bra because I need like
not really nice in this dress and trying
on hi kids are going back and forth so
I've been trying on some shirts too so I
think are so few for spring but I feel
good I feel like okay I'm a new woman
because I have new underwear Calvin I'll
go get you I'm gonna get you I'm gonna
get you you're too quick oh I got to go
I got you know I got you know my god hi
hey should we go to the park let's go to
the park do you want to go to the park
that's a big knob
okay you ready for this hound work and a
letter loose okay ready Benny
she's very anxious come here come here
okay you ready penny ready okay take a
break go take a break that's the cue
that we use for our dog Sam that I like
go have some fun while we're taking a
walk but in a minute you're going to
come back and get back on the leash in
case anyone walks by or anything but so
that you know that's just kind of the
cue for her to go play there she is go
baby three Ronan's No
Oh
Benny come Benny come
well that's discouraging so the thing
about training is that you've got to do
it in like different environments with
different distractions and I expected
pennies to do a little bit better than
that she is in a much more like
wide-open space and there aren't a lot
of distractions I expected her not to
come you know the first call but the
second caller third I thought she would
but we'll get there the thing that I do
like and I'm really really happy about
is that she's staying around us she's
not just running out and going exploring
all by herself she's staying within like
20 feet of us so I always have an eye on
her which is a very very like
encouraging thing that I'm happy about
or do you see a tree huh do you see
something cool Cal Calvin is loving
being on my shoulders and he's been
calling me mama all day today say daddy
oh there you go yeah
say dad - buh buh buh haha okay one
thing that I forgot to say with the
distractions and training is you've got
to work your way up to it so you slowly
add distractions slowly add different
environments doing the training you
don't just jump into it so this is a is
probably a big stuff for her but we're
moving in the right direction
right buddy yeah
like right now but he's like I need to
go I need a diaper on I said no no no
now that your poops don't hurt anymore
you guys about paying attention to our
box key but jherich to on the potty and
he goes no not Bob line he wants to
something they could go to watch the
pitch is down out there there's so he's
downstairs right now and we're like
could you just this the specific opinion
he's like you got it
yeah we're giving in a minute though
kissy what did you go hi oh sorry
so tell the cars all you seeis and funny
to go Ellie oh hey wait till did you go
play yeah guys the parents is like all
along oh yeah to overcome right talk
about this a lot it was very scary for
him it's like we try a lot of things and
it wasn't the toilet wasn't scary
because he had all the time in it it was
like her head and I see feet maybe it
was maybe it was because expose you
before Emily said that she felt like
when kids go poo I'm just like oh my
body he's like yeah not secure it's like
having a baby on capacitor yeah it is
scary and I like shake and it's scary in
because I get hurt well I think he's
excited to now that he feel comfortable
enough that ago and I think that's a
huge part for him is going through all
of this pain and anxiety about going to
on the toilet and now he's like finally
comfortable enough to do it and he feels
good enough to do it and I think he's
just as excited you know whether
it's like rewards or not I think he's
excited because he knew when he had to
poo and he wouldn't say it before he
wouldn't say that you need to go hide
and they would hide yep very hard and
any mention of it he would start like
screaming luscious gold is faster you
can poop in your diaper and the faster
he did and now it was like oh okay I
should show okay I love talking about
poo today but on my videos and know how
exciting and how he overcame such an
experience I'm going to show you guys
the outfit I'm going to wear to our
dinner when I get back but right now I
have a little baby shower that I'm going
to they're my neighbors there's two of
them that are expecting their babies so
doing like a neighborhood shower so
they're the same thing so one's a blue
and ones like this red color hey I got
from baby Zara because their pants are
some of my favorite pants because there
are nice and skinny and they fit the
kids really good so cut them a little
outfit well thank you yeah it's really
cute and what I was thinking is that
because the bag colors are blue and
green that you would put the blue tissue
in the green bag and the green tissue in
the blue bag just so there's a little
you know song to these bag belly I don't
know what do you guys think would you
put somewhere would you cut them out
Ellie did I gotta go good love you bye
feet a bit whoa
don't you even worry wait is he upset
because he wants these I see the way
you're looking at them do you think oh
that's the best way to get a hug from
mommy give daddy pig oh oh you're just
the sweetest why is he the sweetest boy
in the whole entire world
alright so Ellie just got home from her
little shower activity or baby shower
activity and she is currently in the
bathroom with her new dress on and she's
about to give me the reveal too so you
ever seen at the same time I am okay
ready
am I can I open my eyes whoa look at you
okay yes
look at this with it that looks so great
Kati smug engine I was gonna say I did
not know her Ellie yeah give us a spin
all Sabattus not let me pull your hair
back lip-syncing okay now give us a spin
I just think it looks very like elegant
yes ah mm-hmm get a mental meal huh
so this is from Rachel parcel on there
is no escape cheering I found music
Nordstrom today
cute you look great here's a question
yes were you able to drop off my feet up
strike okay Jerry's gonna have this navy
blue suit next to the light pink with
his unusually types yes how many six out
and I picked it up you send me fiction I
like that I'm silent and it was the one
I was like even people's know I'm going
to awesome cool well you look beautiful
I feel like I should take you out on a
date right now I'm really excited for
this like I'm looking forward to it a
lot I feel so honored to be even thought
of for this but the thing about it Ellie
and this is the truth is we're not the
only ones like there are so many people
who have made this possible so there are
so many thank yous for this that not
that go to more than just us we
appreciate everything thank you guys so
much for watching the video today I hope
you have an enjoyable day
Calvin is still call me mama and it's
kind of ridiculous out tonight
yes yeah when I was burning down the bed
today mama I don't know maybe it's
because he just really wants to you know
I felt bad even leaving and then
thinking again for the shop no he's just
yeah you you're cute okay thanks guys
we'll see you tomorrow bye
