okay you're just like a little no fog
yes that's a happy dog right there
okay Jackson we pulled out the
refrigerator do you think you can go get
your train now okay we'll watch out for
the cords try not to step on the cords
there it is right there
good job oh you okay okay step over the
card with both feet
good job you got it good good job I was
actually really worried that the train
was going to be back there and be back
there for good because this refrigerator
I mean look at it
it is a heavy refrigerator it is a big
one but luckily I was looking at as a
Hornet and if you look right there there
are wheels on it do you see that wheel
Jackson walk that pretty cool that makes
it so much easier for daddy to pull it
out of its little compartment so we can
get your trains and and the bouncy ball
that's right
their doctor Chevy's all right these are
not depressed by the light example okay
guys we've got a little snackaroo before
we start our scalp either still
need a cookie video today and you know
what I noticed
both of us serve up like our eyes like
so tired are you excited I hire like
dressing on the edges like like I'm just
like oh I know we look we look good but
we're tired a little bit as well as not
am i right haha we've got our sweet yams
- like yams we've got all of our stuff
we're getting ready to make Bonnie's
soup
she made it like can he use video
channel about that
so a messages some so excited so we're
going to start filming thank you for
what onion bonnie is fixing that any
mess and we're laughing because we can
hear Calvin down there playing the
harmonica and it's so good I wish you'd
played there I don't want to go down
there said I want to like have them see
me and like he's doing so well I haven't
thought about it too much or been too
emotional when Calvin outgrows his
clothes it's actually kind of exciting
but for some reason today as I'm putting
away these shoes do not fit him like his
feet do not fit in these anymore and
they do not fit in his church shoes at
all anymore and it just makes me really
sad like I'm putting them up on the
shelf you know along with his a little
baby monitor for breeding up here and
like putting them away like for another
baby another time what if I never have
any boys another boy
like what if we got pregnant we had a
girl and that was it or what if we had
two more girls what if you don't
pregnant with two boys would that might
be crazy I don't know I just think that
it's weird like it's weird putting away
those shoes he's been wearing for so
long up on a shelf for maybe another
baby but knowing that there might not be
another boy to put him in when I put
Jackson's clothes away I
you know I would hope that we would have
more kids that maybe we'd have enough
that there would be a boy there but now
that I'm putting Calvin's away it's like
the chances of having a lot more kids
and even being a boy is slim if that
makes sense my head it does it's just
weird
oh no I really job really sad to put
those away but you have some other
clothes I need to hang up I'm just kind
of like organizing putting some things
away a lot of these like don't fit him
anymore so I'm kind of putting them to
the side well it's sad I saw that looks
like a fuse
you didn't even wear him that much like
he just he grew fast but it'll be up
there I'm not sure this doesn't fit him
anymore this was actually Jackson's - we
got this for Jackson I think when we
went to our first convention actually so
if that doesn't fit Calvin anymore it
went through two of my baby boys just
crazy steps in really good shape - I'll
play fold that aside or give it to Jenna
key yeah yeah bars everage want this a
lot of their clothes I will donate some
of them I'll set aside it just kind of
just depends but Jen's actually coming
into town so Jenna and if you know Nixon
once this is yours when I was at the
airport on the way to Colorado I was
talking to some Polaris guys so people
who worked at Polaris they're engineers
and they're just like oh my gosh like
you guys make such amazing things like
Joel and I like we use our four-wheelers
all the time and they're just the best
things ever and is this it's two years
old now it's like one year old yes yeah
it's like a razor Ranger hybrid so you
can do like all the cool awesome
you know off-roading stuff like a razor
but you have the sport utility of a
ranger like what Brian and Missy have
and this is it look at it it's so cool
you have they have a two seater and a
four-seater and then that's the little
truck bed you can put stuff in and haul
stuff and I don't know it just looks so
awesome it snows in the bed of entry
I'll take care of this I'll do one
solace with you guys okay yeah let's see
it let's go frozen
see that but you get the idea isn't that
so cool my goodness how awesome is that
and it's called the general like what a
cool name here comes the gentle roll at
the Hamilton shoutout well there's
nothing wrong with a little
window-shopping you know oh my gosh look
at that
how many snowmobiles do you think fittin
that that's an apartment right there
yeah nothing wrong with the little
window shop and Joe's like hey let's go
take a look at these things I'm like ah
yeah let's do this
so fun it's so cool and we got all the
snow it's fun to think about this kind
of stuff
DG she's not gonna answer her phone
hello hey I literally just said she's
not gonna answer her phone hi bud hi
Jackson Joe and I are at Home Depot
right now and we picked up this shelf
the second shelf do you need us to get
anything else while we're here perfect
we should have you know we should
actually pick up some more house Olga
I'll grab some more okay thanks I know
there's no Canadian Joe on Maureen
campus don't want any of those I mean
maybe Manuel do it Joel's given me a
really bad look so I think I'll drop
them off okay love you
not true oh okay you're not on
speakerphone reset I love you bye okay
he's like a little snow plow dog yeah
sweaty she's buried to know that the
snow if you love this
you are holy no I'm going oh that's a
happy dog right there okay that'd be so
fun penny song okay okay hold your hand
out flat like that
no hold the trend do it quick before she
what you think she jumps on it put your
hand down my back
she has been so good today with
everything
sit yeah OOP
gotta bring it a little closer to her
there you go it's funny how such a small
difference just like a few inches will
make a difference if she will stands up
or if you lay down I have no idea
Oh probably from her little kennel oh my
gosh she's quite a bit happier with that
bone than she is our little tiny dinky
trees what's wrong how big they are like
they are tiny tiny like any brothers oh
that's so sweet Kelvin okay good job
there you guys go
you are a little spoiled you know that
you've got your bone and your tree for
your doll right there that's so sweet
oh and they called it puppy love mm-hmm
I feel I need good I'm glad something
that I was thinking today was I read an
article a long time ago maybe even like
a year ago it was a mom that would watch
her daughter's hair at night and then
she said where does the time go all of a
sudden long story short now her
daughters would shower
if she wasn't washing her hair at night
and she thought well when was the last
time I washed her hair like when was the
last time she could remember
and today I
throwing jacks on the couch and I picked
him up first time and forever
I went like this and I've driven the air
and I thought I thought what is the last
time I threw you in the air like just
picked him up like troops in the air do
you do all the time well no that was
different like hey my name is yeah yeah
and I was like maybe dad could you're so
long now it wasn't water you all know
how much I love sweet cookies but Barney
Horine we might have to do another
wasn't Ellie's really video of those
which was our because those are very
very good good frosting good frosting so
I'm in charge of activity days for
church and this is what we did at the
girls this month and I got Olivia a bag
because I want you to be a part of it
too and she wasn't able to come that day
and so so you know you're welcome and
hers is so cute Olivia's handwriting is
better than mine that's one goal that I
want to do it I want you I want to have
adult coloring books I want an adult or
even a kid and dry anything like I want
to be definite
but I got what I wanted Oh baby
ladies yeah now don't laugh at me if the
true do not mess up as a hold of that
okay
sadly I knew you're going to need that's
why I don't know yet I was like I just
wanted I made a mistake oh and my little
thing is playing it close to the cowbell
on Instagram I just tried to make the
ugly space to help that make us better
at make you cringe and ladies and
gentlemen boys and girls there it is
finally hung up on the wall it looks so
good like oh my gosh like how do we get
most of the thinking about I'm talking
about a book like sitting down my office
chair sitting right here in the hours
and then looking over the over at the
like my goodness gracious like I was
just tellin Ellie like I think she said
on mr. Graham's story and I'm like I am
so proud of you
why is out of you yeah you yeah and I am
so grateful for you guys oh my goodness
thank you for clicking that one little
button that says subscribe here so we
could do this like look at that isn't
that cool very cool very sweet I love
you I guess
you love it do you love it penny do you
like it ooh ooh I don't like a little
part of it it's pretty good it I mean
you know it took you a long time to
level it and everything but over after
all then so and I think it's pretty good
oh yeah that feels good right there on
the ear right down there I love you
Ellie I think one of my favorite things
to do with Ellie is binge watch like
before we had Jackson we binge watch
shows like over the weekend non-stop
like while I wasn't working it was and
it was the best like everyone leave us
alone don't answer your phone
we're watching shows so right now we
just started watching this is us and
like the first two episodes that's as
far as we are we freaking love it like
it is so like funny and tender and
emotional all at the same time and I
can't wait to see where it goes yeah so
which is our tradition mmm
a little hot just want you to say no to
her Merry Christmas
nachos so with that we are going to
leave you guys so we can watch our show
thank you guys so much for watching
Thank You Ellie for Tooting right there
appreciate that
we'll see you guys next time bye you
you're stinky
