put your arms out like Superman hi-yah
you got tired out here put your arms out
oh well kid it's you and me today
it's not very often that Kelvin and I go
into town
by ourselves usually I wait until Calvin
takes naps and I usually go grocery
shopping or whatnot with Jackson
but while Jackson's at school I mean
you're going into town this little kid
is tired you just woke up from a nap I
was going to go visit my mom today but
we woke up to a kind of snow look how
much snow we got just to night so it's
nice I know the canyons gonna have a lot
of snow flurries gonna run our errands
today with you love you entire job gonna
go you want to go in there what I think
is interesting is their clothes I would
never put on Jackson like I would never
have Jackson wear this hat ever because
it's like a flat top and I don't like
that but for some reason I think it
looks so cute and it fits
Calvin's personality so well I think
that is so cute but I think it's
interested I would never have put that
on Jackson I'm trying to find the kid
some jammies because they're Christmas
jammies have been thrashed and then I
need to go find a shelf for our laundry
room good morning guys it is another
beautiful day here in wintery Utah we
got like a foot maybe eight inches
between eight inches and a foot of snow
last night and I have given up all hope
on getting our grass and fencing for at
least a little while I mean look at that
snow out there look like look at all the
balls those are still out there I
haven't even taken into the garage it's
okay guys don't you even worry I I'm
doing okay I appreciate your concern
I love this note do not get me wrong I
love the snow
you know just timing I think is all of
those but today is a good day I'm
wearing a brand new hat that Joel gave
me yesterday thanks Joel I appreciate it
rockin the pool area that's how we do
the whole driveway today platter with
the before we learned everything I've
got two meetings today and before I do
that I've got to get some ice melt in a
trash can for my office and then Ellie
told me to go look for curtains finally
for my office I think curtains will add
a little sound dampening and well does
look normal to right little curtain
curtain all the sudden we'll see what we
can point you know who else loves us no
disco right here this girl right here
she is so happy right now that there's
no she's been playing it all morning
look at her she just eyes right in her
nose it's thinking cute so I actually
have a really cool trashcan in my office
before it was as black wire mesh trash
can I only got for me the issue with it
was is that because it had holes in it
little things could get out of it
because there was no cover over the top
and he spends a lot of time in my office
she would get into that stuff and have
that's no good so I didn't want to look
for like a cool one just I know
something even simple like this you know
OOP
hello I don't know what do you guys
think
let's see that actually may be the one I
go for as I was looking I noticed they
either have big ones or they have small
ones so I'm going to try a different
place
Oh curtain who knew maybe these ones
will look at the mall maybe so I said
this is a meeting but I guess we
I don't think we really went over like
business-related things I'm hanging out
with my buddy Zach and Dan from what's
inside - two of my favorite people on
you we just have been hanging out do you
have that allowed yet let me see that so
we were just talking about like things
that we've been up to they just want to
Florida and have fun at NASA and which
of Hawaii has bones dem super tramp and
just cut out his family channel just got
their play button and they cut out the
play of the play button and so they're
going to go look at this under my
microscope and see what it looks like
good lunch thanks for hanging out with
you guys good to see you yeah isn't
awesome Morty can't remember more days
they gave me to London they have - how
many Sundays I wanted I said how many
they didn't remember I was not too
shabby Bed Bath and Beyond I went to the
beyond section found myself a perfect
trashcan look I think it's pretty great
allows this it's gonna be good
fill up papers and dr. pepper cans and
there it's gonna be awesome
we're triskin if any of you guys are new
to watching our channel you may think
why am i watching this why do I care so
for those of you that have watched from
us trying to conceive Jackson you will
be so happy and proud of him I had
something to ask you
sorry to hear a noise just a little
tutoring outside behind refrigerator so
it's going but why are you so happy
right now I'm so proud of you
Jackson has been going peepee in the
potty
for Martin months and then we moved and
we kind of like bought lazy and then he
got lazy and it just was kind of we were
lazy parents because we were moving in
so we ended up putting it back on diaper
for a few months and then since we've
been in the house he pees in the toilet
but whooping it has been very traumatic
and we tried a few things generally
worse but every time he needed us it was
traumatic because at first when you
would go potty hunt and you would hold
it and he would go like twice the meat
maybe once a week it just it was awful
my friend ginger
ginger and she was over and I was like I
feel like I've been like trying to like
make his diet good like I don't know why
thanks ginger mwah
I don't know why he's just having such a
hard time and she said that her son had
a really hard time and she's like I
started playing flaxseed on everything
and then he started like regularly
pooping and it didn't hurt him and so
the last I would say week and a half as
we've been really working on that hunt
what would happen is he'd be an
underwear and then when he would need to
poop it was like literally it's been
pretty traumatic Ellie enough are like
want to talk about it much but and
anyway we'd end up putting him back in a
diaper so that he could poop and then we
would put it back in underwear or
sometimes he'd be left in we'd get him
the fresh diaper or whatnot we've been
really working on and the last few times
you've got potty I've heard in and I've
said Jax and it doesn't hurt you anymore
so let's try and sit on the potty and
today what did you do
we're under toilet there was some kind
of Han so I want to show you guys I
ended up like grinding up a ton of
flaxseed and putting it in my little
jars here I have chia seeds there that's
all the flaxseed so I'll just sprinkle
unlike anything to do seedings we've got
nuts in here so we've been trying we've
been trying and you guys have seen this
she's like how to work it on some good
meals for us and good nuts and protein
and everything huh mister I'm proud of
you that's a good boy I've got my big
helper here right here Hart Oh in the
back he put in the bags put onion in the
baggie and I've got my helper here with
his part we're getting our fiber protein
food for the week yet those cookies you
got always a cookie you've got to get a
cookie thank you
so this Thursday Ellie and I have a cool
little what would you say assembly the
project of some speaking events that
we're going to it's a very very highly
classified speaking event that we can't
say too much about just yet but it's
happening on
and if you guys know or have kids they
kids in elementary school then you
probably know what it's about but I'm
very excited and dad and I have kind of
just been going over a few things about
what we're going to do and what we're
going to say after we were all done with
that we actually grabbed our guitars and
we did a live stream on Instagram where
we jam there was fun it was so much fun
and I think it was mostly fun because I
actually did pretty good if you guys
aren't following us on Instagram or
Twitter I'm going to have those links
down below another reason I'm saying
this is because on Twitter last night I
ran into some issues importing footage I
actually had a corrupted file that
didn't work and I spent a couple hours
trying to get it fixed yesterday and a
lot of people on the comments in today's
video were asking like Oh what happened
and everything and I was like oh my gosh
there's so many people who aren't
following me on Twitter that watch on
YouTube and I was thinking that it's
probably the best way to get like the
most up-to-date information about things
like that it's following me and Ellie on
Twitter and Instagram because that's
more of like a social posting where we
can get like quick updates and that at
least until we get the community feature
on YouTube which I'm trying to work on
it's a little tab where you have a
social feed where you can post pictures
and and status updates and things like
that if you're not following Ellie and I
on Twitter and Instagram I'll have those
linked down below okay show me your
pajama what what did you just do
we got a Superman we got angry Batman
well he's angry because somehow that
train do you hear that do you hear the
train there's a train at the very back
of the fridge it was the good oh wait so
what were you doing with your pants show
me what you were doing to Japan
he's jumping and pulling him up you are
so silly
okay Calvin do you want daddy to try and
get that to one day try and reach back
there and get there I don't know my
hands might be too big we'll try oh
that's a good pose that's a good hug yes
they both got needy on me tonight
do you have something you want to tell
grandma grandpa
music it's me he's got my three times
this week rather than once a week and it
was soft and be made it halfway into the
toilet huh oh hey that's that's a huge
achievement
you know that's progress right there
right high five buddy Superman my phone
hung up your face telling mom and dad
shares comment that I want to take it to
it again what are you doing haha
shouting you get down ahh
take it down honey hey mr. d oh you
haven't fun in your playroom this crazy
mess yes yes you go crawl right back up
their lovable lovable no Hong Kong guys
know our Internet's good I just had
enough fun you came into this leftenant
bedtime is 20 minutes ago
put your arms out like Superman JD get
my
oh wow you are here to give yeah you got
tired out here Secours oh oh yeah you
get out yes I heard that I felt it I
felt the rumble from the earth how many
bloggers can have their kids literally
like crap in your face did not happen
the other day to like go I don't know
what oh man
super late I'm doing it to you now yep
yeah last time one my tanks being yeah
what are you gonna help you I just gotta
take this one
I think you're better than I am
yeah very last one all right we have
these weird oranges I know what they're
called I just can't remember but I got
these at the shore today lemon water and
they look disgusting or your mom is like
this mean we've got popcorn in our
Christmas chocolate we're ready for The
Bachelor even like no I don't even know
I like him I don't even like The
Bachelor but we watch it every season
that's fun it's not even that
entertaining it's like what if they were
smart like fire would have gone on it is
saying I would have done it so different
than the norms that I would make people
want to watch do you think that everyone
thinks the same thing like if I went on
I could totally win that show do you
feel like you could run probably yeah
and I'd be selling the first thing but
yeah we're watching we're excited kids
are in bed ready yes I was waiting to
take my pants I'll tell you turn the
camera take them up now
I mean we got the bathtub together you
can take your pants up that man and Andy
showing us she literally wrote a book
about them like not even a good it's so
awkward to walk I don't even understand
that was awkward
to watch you know side note these are
really good I wish I remember what they
were called I'm sure that's a lot
oranges
I don't remember something I don't know
but they're good Wow
gran okay my review on The Bachelor lots
of love and girls not enough Finland
right Haley would you agree with me I'm
not Finland inaudible sorry Danny did
you just shown us all right we are gonna
call it a night
thank you guys so much for watching it
oh I forgot to say didn't get current
today got a trash can thank you guys so
much for watching the video if you
enjoyed it give a thumbs up if you're
new to the channel hit that subscribe
button and we'll see you guys tomorrow
thanks for watching bye
