that's the right color mixture oh now
we're finger painting because thing
these are watchable are you taking his
Iron Man powers Jackson doesn't think
that's funny
I can hear Jackson I can't what did you
say hey you said Scott and I came in and
I said are you guys being nice to each
other and Jackson said how much of my
Iron Man powers why did you do that and
you're using that on him well I think
we're done with that convo yeah let me
see your face and what's this my health
Oh mister did you just put your punya at
him
you better start using your Iron Man
powered power together
good morning coming on today hey
good morning guys so I woke up about ten
minutes ago
and looked at the clock and realized
we've got to go to the airport we have
just a couple minutes or we're going to
be late but before we go
Wright has a bunch of chickens and we're
going to go out and see if they've laid
an egg we've checked every morning and
they haven't laid any lay eggs the
entire time sure hang in there for you
oh my gosh oh that's amazing is perfect
timing hey you you watch out I've got my
eye on you
thanks guys yeah the egg not the chicken
I mean if you were to grab the chickens
your eight-year hands would probably be
bad
he's a ruthless on the street yeah yeah
he was feeling threatened by my
masculine presence okay
oh come on Oh weird yeah I think it
froze must have done that's weird I've
never seen it like that before either
the other thing that I was thinking when
I woke up this mornin we're going to
have to say goodbye right now but then I
remembered we have a two hour dry and
it's going to be together so we don't
have to say goodbye for at least two
hours not each other but to Anne and
Marilla yes yes do good bye now yeah but
for the brothers we've got a couple more
hours huh Anne oh my goodness this isn't
even our final form this is not come
give me hugs Roger I don't think you
know ah good to see you thanks for
letting us play at your house yeah okay
guys you know that Jackson's favorite
toys are cars and he doesn't ask for
toys often like when we're at the house
he doesn't say I want to buy this or I
want this Jackson has been asking for a
bat and a ball a lot and he's been using
this hard orange as a ball he has this
bat that he Jimmy reg did he took apart
he's been using that as his that and
he's like I want to follow one at that
part of me is like well yeah we'll just
wait till spring and we'll get one and
then
part of me is like well why not get one
and what did we decide to do for you to
buy a bat and a ball
he drew a ball about on here and I'm
gonna have a little of a few more
checkboxes but you have to pick up your
toys game big giant bat and he's got to
make his bed and do dishes so we have a
few items for him to do to earn some
money and then when he has enough money
I think maybe you and Daddy can go and
buy a ball and a bat is that a good idea
that's special so you gotta earn it huh
so can you pick up all the toys and you
can earn a few coins so silly can you
pick up all the toys and you can earn
some coins thanks Ryan
we'll see you guys later
Oh brothers
excuse me about picking up toys this is
not quick look at the store this is a
fake debit card and you need to use cash
put that fake credit card away and start
picking up your toys yeah
yes you're not going to earn any monies
if you don't pick them up I don't think
this session to learn any positions as
well she distracted but that was really
funny but he brought that to me
I buy my baseball with it with the fake
debit card no okay looks like you're
going that way and I'm going that way
this is where we put a fork in the road
and say goodbye come to a fork in the
road take it and eat dessert yeah travel
safe okay if you fly that plane well
okay see ya I want to finish up the
logging room we still need to do a few
things in here like finish up and make
me feel like it's complete and there's
something that I want to put on the law
right here but specifically need to have
some laundry baskets so I've been
looking online for some Rolly ones
there's like one long one that I can
find there like a few different ones I
can only fit two under there from what I
have found because every time I take it
can't dirty clothes up here I just throw
it in this little basket and I just I
would like to have a dedicated area
right under there so I was looking at
baskets on that basket there's a bunch
of I'm not one that wasn't too expensive
but there is something that I found this
this is from anthropology at the frosted
vase definitely don't need it I'm not
going to get it by SCI I said to tell my
sisters it's beautiful it's beautiful I
love it I liked it okay whoopee you too
Chandra chud mr. in my mom's laundry
room she has a picture of a lawn bathing
her girl and like this kid not King's it
like a like a copper and
I I've been trying to find like artwork
that's like nice like that it's not
necessarily like Hobby Lobby ishiki know
what I mean like I'm trying to find like
a folder timed pictures and a sperm
already got hers and I'm looking on
where I haven't done anything Lightning
McQueen is flying now I start talking
you stop so how it works so if I start
talking know start talking so my mom has
this picture in her laundry room and
it's of a group mom baby has a girl
oh let me go
dad just said everyone was not in bed so
solid you're fun guy listen your dad
are you getting ready yeah yeah you get
excited yet you being good okay not
expecting anything well it's not much I
just think it's kind of fun this is for
Jackson and Calvin so I got you guys
something and I think you guys'll like
it I want you to play with it and have
some fun okay for both of you okay these
both can play with them all right I got
you
Oh a little toy try and I got two
airplanes to fly oh well that sounds
whole so special and I knew mom would
really like to ten so I got the ten
lakhs oh I love that sharing that was
cute so the cool thing about this is we
get to play these whatever colors we
want all our own or in the next thing or
something maybe we can paint these so we
can fly them does that sound cool that's
on good Calvin what do you say to Daddy
does that sound good Calvin oh this one
hmm
so make sure we're on the tracks right
or step out right there okay
whoa speed demon whoa look at it go
this is so cute it's so bad oh we love
the glare well these guys are a little
too excited to wait till tomorrow they
wanted to paint the airplane heavy day
brush to a brush what have you done so
far Jackson we haven't done much get a
little red there oh you're just dipping
on gonna get the nose color huh
good job Cal keep doing it keep doing it
keep painting
oh you want nope I'm good job yeah thank
you for watching you keep paying we'll
wash it
that's alright color mixture oh now
we're finger painting because thing
these are watchable you want that color
yeah paint it on there good do you
remember when I was back you pouting
I got me to you Calvin looking here I
shouted you this do you remember when
back in the house closing him in the
carrier oh yeah
crying yeah young tyrannous oh just like
did you miss me buddy did you miss me
yeah okay Tommy does a lot of scene and
I need to it really soft you can hear
Jackson Oh give me a great big kiss mmm
ah that worked out close everything I
was like that's so good Jackson good job
good job Calvin that was killed yes
thanks mom I've got me to be okay
I pulled out that if the children Sangha
I'm basing it shirt and I pulled it out
and it slips right up into that was like
perfect we're learning
that's so cute yeah yes I'm doing it
yeah I mean indeed good at um with you
everything was that hard succeed this
thing that Calvin described my face my
mom yeah well and he grabbed her on your
neck when he said i rap in mind yeah
like yeah I love you I love you too
okay everyone ready women
to do with their baby and dog
I'm tired of the cartilage erase me yeah
yeah you don't look healthy but I love
living together
yeah okay come here girl okay you want
mama hats all right attend a dinner
where play two so they could get to cry
a lot
well you were the youngest and then you
have a slight disadvantage I'm out of
breath now to say ah and then it was
silent well why is violent smashing the
tree before then thank you guys so much
for watching
and so my dad beautiful why do you have
to be home just hugging your brother oh
I'm so glad to have my boy
oh boy
okay we'll see you guys tomorrow bye
from my design
are you playing the ball oh man you know
I can do just that and you know what
you've got me I got you where I want you
and now I'm gonna
