I kind of can't wait go smoke on it good
far I told it they go they only said
told Han you guys are the cutest things
in the world
cutest you hole grabs a Pankau top and
whole crowd protect think no no I'll
just hold Jackson's cuz he's making me
you know Calvin sometimes I wake up like
that to my arm down my clothes don't
know how that happened good morning guys
happy Saturday
do you give me such high paper Oh Thank
You Jackson
I was like my nose needs to be I need to
blow my nose and I was like looking into
my neighbor there's no say you're a fun
age could start helping out I on here
just so cute
one of my favorite memories growing up
was like making breakfast table Saturday
I have fruit and we're making pancakes
and eggs so the fun breakfast time yeah
we're going to have a fun day today
today philosophy - daddy I'll be gone so
we're going to make it count the kids
sit in this spot a lot and play it with
toys and Jackson's favorite toy or cars
the tooth fairy takes your car and you
do surprise no my - your - yeah when you
lose a tooth the Jackson will put these
under his pillow at night and the first
thing he does and you accept is he says
oh there's my cars and he finds them and
he takes it with him everywhere he goes
you seen it laughs I came here and I'll
play
do you like that we're going to sing up
for daddy okay we're working on
something you will like it
it'll be so special for him John try it
one more time okay come on up here one
more time okay we're gonna keep
practicing we're gonna keep practicing
and then I gotta get ready and you got
to stop picking your nose and I'm going
to know me here
oh go ahead go move dig deep there dude
okay thank amazing cool do you guys
remember a few weeks ago I was just like
I don't even know her on Jackson's going
through a phase of not really talking
nice and he had a really like even when
he was around us he was very very whiny
and he specifically does not like like
going downstairs I'm playing by himself
for playing this items like she wants to
be by yet which I definitely got my bag
he was just lying even when he was Vista
needs a sponsor little face well luckily
that was little faces like it's to be
seen where he just was just dad and he
is much better much happier
you're doing really good huh where to go
okay do you get luck out
I'm just getting ready kids are running
wild trying to spruce up a little bit
we are ready to go to the movie theatres
the Sun is out it's shining it feels
good but it just started snowing
it feels good though Kelvin I think his
one best outfit award today you look
sharp
it's a movie Peter Jemma grandma yeah
there is a Batman movie I'll see that's
what we're seeing no today but grandma
grandpa me kinda invited us to the
movies you won't come to the Batman with
Daddy okay you go say hi hi how are you
oh you're good all right we have Jackson
we have water we have popcorn cm
licorice Calvin
grab the grandpa so something like a few
people in the theater right now we're
just getting ready to go off the preview
together
these are drinks or Treat and guess who
we saw him today I can't go I saw him so
next on the agenda we're here at the
gunman we're just getting some more than
real friggin and we have someone who's
nice enough to give us their target so
we're gonna have all the content
Norma get our gun styles in a little bit
or sighs sighs you ready for this are
you excited I am my guard we're playing
pool guys so 1 through 10 is the goal
whoever can get to it using the fewest
amount of shots or the highest enough
all today okay Ryan with the first shot
get the one misses the food we got Nate
the great let's see what he can make
he's going to shoot the gun and may
place the pool but that doesn't rhyme
but I'm still going strong all good log
here we go
Campion okay that's a gate ball that
still means you have most on approaching
the okay I ran out so you still have a
good position here Johnny and I miss
pole hey that's so good so good job
right so what movie did we see rock dog
and these kids did so good I thought was
a good movie did you like it my mother's
very I think for a three-year-old it was
a little slow yeah but they did good
that's great I think it would be a
little hard for like he's younger kids
like street under was a little I think
Cody would love a boss who would love it
but they did great look at their faces
they're all greasy
Thank You popcorn and huge long red red
line the forces that kept them
interchange so cute it kind of can't
wait go smoke out it good floor
I told her if they go they only set old
hands you guys are the cutest things in
the world
cutest you will grab my Pankau top and
we'll grab like a signal so I'll just
hold Jackson could use making me
you
hey let's practice our song one more
time practicing my daddy likes it
well we have an awesome day today and
the night is coming to a close but first
we got to tell you the results of the
shooting range competition result you
got them and the results are as follows
we did two rounds on the first round
Ryan got all the way up to a five and
second round got to s7 he had such a
close attempt at eight Matt got all the
way up to a two on the second round and
the first round got to a five Nate got
to a 1 on his first round and then on my
first round I got up to a 7 and the
second round got up to a 5 so those are
the results and we average those and so
I think Ryan and I tied we did for first
place so that was a lot fun yeah you
better get down don't you go McKenna I
like you got to help me import that no
come you know add as a job until it's
all imported and then you can put it
back but I that is it from me to you
penny where are you
hey come come say goodnight
Kimmy come good girl I know Jarrod has
had a really good day and so what he's
able to do with his brother I heated up
to his friend it's not very often - all
the boys can be together
I'm sure sisters decide to end on like I
did about Colorado but I can't wait to
see them tomorrow the house is nice and
clean concerns of Kandi's getting ready
for bed I'm getting ready for bed I'm
used to you guys tomorrow
happy Sunday tomorrow I hope that you
guys have a good relaxed happy day so
bye
