by my count guys 1 good morning guys
today is preschool yesterday Jackson
thought that it was but it wasn't he
only goes a few days a week
ya know Jackson what do you have in your
back commercial you have Marshall so
today Chantel and you have your Marshall
and you have two cars and I didn't want
you to overwhelm your teacher by having
tons of toys because they have like a
play with them for like the last little
bit and you really wanted to bring two
cars so you run every spring three and
we ended up bringing two are you going
to help me drop them off to Mister
gentle man what is your shirt date is
perfect gentleman you want to cut mister
you say no all the time to everything
and everyone hello from Colorado what's
up guys how are you doing so we're here
at my brother Ryan's house Ryan you're
right there say hi hi
and one of the things that we're doing
here is we're actually chopping down
some trees so nate is going up to the
very top that's about as high as I go
and he's going to trim all the branches
for us as we go know he's putting a rope
over there but we've got a chainsaw here
and we're going to cut down some birds
yeah angle it angle well I wouldn't go
that steep I mean for this size a tree I
would just kind of go in to there and
then straight out so notch it out watch
the video on YouTube for the record I
chop the tree down before trust me
I've watched the YouTube I say to the
Holiday Inn Express last night okay okay
got it
and then Ryan's out here with the rope
and I mean these trees are really small
so it's not going to be like crazy you
know we're not going to really damage
anything but just so we have extra
guidance it's going to come down to
friends going to pull it this way
nice and remember to yell timber okay
you have to yell timber fir to count
timber fine I got it neat yeah so your
muscles are so huge right now oh I love
your truck your school Beck did well
while Jackson is at preschool Calvin
I've been just playing and picking up
and these I got these for Calvin during
last summer it's like my first 100 words
I think a few of them have gotten pause
between penny eating on so we're gonna
sit and we're going to see how many
words you can take but first what ones
this one what's that say ma ma water my
favorite word TJ juice juice that's good
Oh what about boy
yeah he's a boy Lala tbp disease are
just kind of fun I'm glad that we have
these ah you literally are like I don't
think I got anyone else at you and I
don't know how that happened
well how are you that is so funny if I
ever butt-dial someone grab your puppy
grab your puppy if I ever butt-dial
someone it is Brian or Missy and I don't
even know how that happened
but it's all the time but it was good to
catch up with this you know it's like we
all do our videos but it's hard to keep
up with each other so people keep
jesting yeah everyone home watching
remember safety first danger seconds
coming it coming
well this is the best lunch day I could
ever ask for
right are you seeing in your snack time
song did you paint today you color the
way in for our food I'm surprised you
guys haven't run off and played yet but
I told them that they need to stay by me
while I ordered food don't like the
table did you sing songs you sing songs
what song did you sing Wow
Jackson just held the door open for
about five girls that just walked in
Jackson they holding the door open so
it's cute you can go play
so at church when you are between the
ages of the eight and eleven you are in
activity days and then when you're
twelve you are in two young women and
you guys know that I am one of the
leaders for activities so today's
activity I made the stag when I was in
activity days and I saw that my mom's
house this week and I was like you ain't
it's mine and Jackson has his cars in it
so I got the girl a bunch of bag and I
don't think there is nice and heavy duty
as this and we are going to do the same
thing and I'm going to have a make them
wear out in the garage because there's
like ten girls and we painted last time
in the house and I was a little like it
went well but it still is a little
intense so I have the heater in here it
feels good so the girls are going to
paint and I'm going to have hot
chocolate and some snacks here for them
yeah we've got pate we've got stamps so
the girl should have fun the kids will
be in here just running and playing and
it's good now those first three those
are just the trial run so you've got the
two big ones in the backyard and they're
in the danger zone the house is right
here so we've got to be super careful
about how we're lining this up the knots
and the tree and everything here go that
way yes going just like that very bad
definitely going to need to use our our
best skills and see what we can come up
with when we chop these trees down how
many
oh is that right oh but Molly
Cinderella dressed in yella went
upstairs it gives up felt how many
kisses biggest snake I don't know all
the words today what sis please
for what so he painted it what do we
call those Nate there's lumber jumping
jacks they're their gruesome man they're
tough only the toughest of men can do
those only the toughest of men I need
you nope only the toughest like I said
okay we're about to dress prove Matt's
toughness or lack thereof probably not
going to go speed round
ready Cinderella dressed in yellow went
upstairs to kiss stuff so how many
kisses in the snake I don't you did a
lot better than I thought but I don't
know the unexpectedness of when I was
going was right I don't have to push the
big fifth day okay back to the real
action not really going for shape here
yeah yeah put more paint on it hold it
and put it across your heart the other
way so you stamp it the other way and
push it down good job
now pick it up Wow you like it I really
have no idea how much me pulling on the
rope help but I'm doing it so that I
feel it
Wow I might have that one
hey hey hey I got no I'm not having to
come
okay pen can you sit sauce did you get
it she did you have any more treats all
gone she ate them all okay that's a good
girl pen I have noticed a huge
difference with Jared and using this
clicker because there are some times
where so how the stock in her hand and
it's like chasing her around the living
room a hundred times but now I should
look at me I was like pennies come and
she'll drop it because she knows that
she's going to be distracted some help
so I have noticed a huge difference if
this little clicker thing you can come
here and look amerimike Jesus we're
talking about eyes what color of eyes
does mom have brave car as you have
ground very great man in the Mia okay
going in there come show me okay you
looked in the mirror what color eyes you
have brown and black yeah a little black
in there huh yes we are talking about
our eye colors and he asked what was
wrong with my lips I said Rover called
for getting over I have a fun day with
you and a really fun day just like doing
our normal things and we ran into Oh on
your dentist today my Attica yeah he
asked for your choose word they're doing
good smile you don't really have that
flat tooth anymore it's kind of gone
away thank you guys
so
you're lucky daddy you hope you guys had
a good day we say by miles are wrong be
changing 30 30 30 30 30 take it here you
are ha ha I mean oh you'd be happy that
is it on me guys I need to go ahead and
end the vlog tomorrow we have a fun day
planned
no activity it is no preschool and
honest and just fear in our pajamas
we're getting that we may even go to the
movies with Grandma so stay tuned for
tomorrow towards would be a fun day with
the kid I can't turn it off this
headache out I just try and go to bed
and hopefully penny I'll go to bed
earlier she just goes to bed like at
10:00 like when Jericho said well we
would have bed at 8 o'clock tonight
