what is mr. lightning McQueen doing at
games you put them on a side to
exercising what Oh
Lightning McQueen exercising's hard
good morning you guys I hope you're
having a wonderful morning least I hope
you're having as wonderful morning as we
are right now
we made made a mistake we may have said
to Jackson that preschool today tomorrow
so he was so excited about a school so
instead you know wait until tomorrow
we're doing preschool here today people
are you working on your letters good I'm
pleased to say we just the point and
it's going to be a good job and your
little signal in afternoon and that was
a little different book oh my god yeah
you need to get a better grip on that
pen if you want to have to control but
it's all about control is going to
should you to see again watch we do see
one with you and are you do that one by
yourself thank you
so started out really good it's partly
not really good didn't a Jackson
together well where were you going le so
we're to have a little preschool black
we're gonna have a little preschool
session here this morning and then we're
going to go about our days but I think
doesn't fun you know what that we can
still do a lot of this stuff even though
he isn't a school and we still do a lot
of this stuff even though he's still in
preschool so she's just fun Calvin's got
his coloring book out yes can you color
a picture so you guys know that Penny's
been having a little bit of a hard time
with the command down like lay down she
knows how to do it and when she's tired
she lays down and everything and so I've
been kind of clicking and treating
whenever she lays down so she knows what
that's a good thing but we finally made
the breakthrough today and she's finally
starting to
now and we've been actually doing some
puppy pusher yep puppy push-ups it's
really good down girl see Calvin she's
doing great he's doing sunshine penny
you are doing so good I'm so proud of
you these little training sessions have
been a lot of fun haven't they girl all
right so this is our second time doing
this circle all the 5k where's the other
side is actually Tracy M which is kind
of cute
and she acts a okay can you find there
are three more five yeah
Jarrod has been working on him with his
numbers a lot like the second day of
pretty face jack and look at the dr.
pepper because that's a two or three now
then how do you know that okay were see
there's two more fives can you see the
other five what number is that
yeah so where's the Flies yep do that
one good chance I love you Tracy amazing
you said to circle that works
where's the five there's one more can
you see it at the top Andy
yep dude that one you know what else I
noticed this morning Jackson as he was
singing and talking I was like you look
different today it's because he wasn't
doing yeah Gigi it was it he wasn't
doing like Ella hello to sing the TA
yeah and then interactive again and then
he did it not but still he was starting
to come out of that you couldn't
transfer Jackson can you tell me what
you sing it's nap time
at preschool so I can know tweet what we
should sing today
and blood Mack like you could see him
face it without like this you can fit
that was so cool bit he was on the potty
singing that this morning I was like you
were king so fine this is so fun I love
this and I love to sit down but Jackson
has always loved like sit down and do
the step with me and I think it helped
that he isn't preschool because he kind
of how stilted to another adult and you
know how kids always like pendulum to
other people sometimes better than their
own parents um so I just think that this
is really neat to see him grow and
succeed and you just my little baby boy
no I'm not going to online your mother's
voice no I'm not baby sometimes I feel
completely embarrassed when it's 12
o'clock and I am still in my position
shall I feel embarrassed for that I'm
only in my pajamas because I've
literally been behind the camera filming
videos with Ellie and working on other
stuff so I've been working but I just
haven't gotten my pajamas i shoveled the
driveway with the four-wheeler because
we have six inches of snow today right
Ellie can I get some validation feeling
guilty about everything y'all see you
saw a lot of stuff to do yeah so I'm
staying in my pajamas and though I have
to leave yes I have to leave I'm leaving
my family well you want the camera will
you work pet and pay me huh
he's cutting penny hi Peggy yay okay
some love so I'm about to leave for a
brother's trip all of my brothers are
getting together to hang out in Colorado
at my brother's house for the weekend
Jackson knows that I'm going we've kind
of been preparing him to let him know
that I'm leaving and he hasn't been the
happiest about it but he's a
three-year-old you know he wants to be
included he doesn't like to see his dad
go I know how he's going to react but it
still doesn't make it any easier and
when
when I'm going to leave but in fact I'm
actually a little running a little bit
late so I need to say goodbye so okay
now Jackson daddy's going to go okay I
want you to stay here and I want you to
be them in a house okay you do that
I know it's tough but and you do that
for me okay I love you so much I'll be
back okay I love you so much can tell me
you love me no do you love me don't you
don't you love me don't you love it I
need you to be a big helper can you be
an exact stange to be a big helper okay
I need you to look at my eyes right now
and we're being period we're being
serious I need you to make sure penny
does Oliver training and that she has
food and water you do that for me
they just are third those your silicone
okay I love you look at me I love you
give me kiss I know but I'll be that's
okay
it's kind of hard when this is what we
do when mom and dad are both home huh I
wouldn't like it I don't like it either
it's different like when you're used to
your routine it's very different I am so
glad that you get to go with your
brother this is a boy's weekend trip and
I am so happy for you I think you know
it gets a little bit harder for that as
they get a little bit older and
understand and everything yeah and get
out of their routine a little bit
totally he's going to be good you're
milking it for all it's worth
nope in it so I bet you go hang out with
Cody in Boston you need to go hang out
with Cody blossom okay you can do that I
think mom I kind of just told you that
you're wrong maybe tomorrow I think
tonight we're making dinner right now
okay and we have
you know you don't want me here come on
give it good I'm the kid
oh hey there you go
no luck daddy's gone for fire daddy's
lullaby oh that's a cookie booger kid
but it's not you love you guys love you
Jer have fun yeah all right so we're
having spaghetti tonight and something
that made you be a little better with
Daddy leaving is you help me break the
spider web break it in half and put it
in the bowl
good job and you keep doing that to all
these good job break them up I check oh
just break it once break it in half once
and then put in the ball break it oh
okay perfect just like that good job
Calvin you're doing it record ah yeah
but you got yep just like that see how
you're holding it it's above us in the
fall there you go try put those on there
Jack's duck duck do you get it hey good
job now suck another one and let's see
how many can get stabbed hey good job
Calvin I think you're doing it wrong do
you know how to stack yours can you put
your put the thumb on this good job I
keep you busy well as the noodles are
getting cooked pen sit sit shore the
tree sure the treat yet Hey okay round
one the penny was a no-go so we're
outside and all penny wants to do is
grab the kids gloves and Oh like like
she just says under that on and the
thing is is Jarrod his dad was jumping
and stuff
you just turn around in you ignore until
she said and and then what she said then
you give her a treat and that will teach
you good it's hard to do that when
you're like getting ready for church or
if people come to the house like you
can't expect everyone to do that and so
it's like what do you do look what do
you do to make her like Kate you're not
going to jump on them I'm just going to
kids
Gudrun well I just started paying for a
minute until you can calm down for a
second
subsidy host let the kids run around a
minute
good girl pen oh oh oh come here come
here
pen shot day okay yeah let go
okay ready ready ready pen pen ready
oh go get it ready go get it ready 10
okay you missed it
hi joy what about the ball ready
go get it oh my goodness it's gonna be
so nice where she can run crazy up there
with grass in the fence who said it all
the time but it is going to be nice when
she has that and we have that what is
mr. Lightning McQueen doing at games
exercising yeah look do you guys see him
say yes say yes yes car you doing the
right he's not good yet good job you put
them on a side to exercising I'm proud
of you don't you change this today yes
oh my goodness what Oh
Lightning McQueen exercising hard
okay dude are you ready opera Genesis
light and walk with you and right here
I'm going to blast you out there if you
do not give me I'm going to be
disappointed just probably won't give
good life now that it was given hey it's
worth an effort here at walk down this
aisle right now you said that you want
to specially thank you guys yeah thanks
for the round of applause guys I
appreciate that very much
she lied on the intercom though I
promise you made an aqua here we would
call your
boom okay time for bed wanna climb dad
oh you're off to you
we do this every night we lay on the
rocking chair and you have to hold it
which is cost water
Hey okay cuz I go to bed okay
oh joy
hey camera saying laughing close your
eyes please my lap night-night hmm
bless you okay here in a minute his eyes
would be closed and he'll grab my face
and he'll give me enough hey good night
good night friends character delivery I
think I get it rigor and we're going to
gonna get regular regular good
