good morning I hope you're having a
fantastic day
so yesterday L we were trying to get out
that terrible terrible thing for the
accident that happened on the couch in
the carpet and we couldn't get it out
anywhere so we actually called the
professional yesterday and they are here
you can probably hear them going to work
on it right now the guy came in and he
loved like this giant machine and so he
hopefully that works Wow there we go
there's no way we would have been able
to do this on our own
look at his machine that does not crazy
high that's what so and it just goes to
show like if you think hiring a
professional is expensive
wait till you hire an amateur like if I
wanted to find myself I would ruin this
yeah it he turns machine down here and
it was very saturated where the sick boy
was so I definitely didn't want to ruin
anything which I'm glad you took a safe
route but it looks so good it's just
going to dry up and very happy feel good
are you getting ready to go then
in the hospital anything let's do it
let's do it accent let's do that today
that would be really fun
he's unwilling to try these forever
little rings that you go and send to
maybe we'll get a lot of later this is
it's a little miserable out there I'll
be fun before I get even if you wanna do
it just go please would you learn at
preschool toys toys you always say that
Jackson is eating a peanutbutter
sandwich I'm eating leftover dinner
you're eating a turkey sandwich whatever
gonna Freddie before it goes that I know
whatever's in the fridge we got to eat
Calvin just took a few bites and ran off
happy it feels like Monday Wednesday
gonna be like a Monday today but you
know what like what are you a movie you
are little you know he said to me today
I was turning he goes madjoe crash was a
traffic traffic jam he said that to me
taking into school or even learned that
when he said oh no a traffic jam where'd
you learn that
where did you learn traffic jam hi cars
2 times with traffic and traffic cameras
okay cuz he hits it was funny when the
carpet cleaner came today to clean the
carpet and the couch he was like no how
did you how did you find me we were
talking about that and I just googled
heavens best because that's what I know
about my uncle worked for them forever
and my cousin worked for them forever
music oh what's her name
things like I've talked to that because
he had worked at like corporate Dean and
so he would talked to all the guys in
other places so my cousin Baden lives in
Alaska you think you know I've talked to
him so funny huh small world I'm glad
that that's done I feel relieved all
right we just like Calvin down for a nap
and anyone she was at the store
yesterday who's our giant cart of giant
things we have these for a little while
but we also got some other hot tub toys
and I'm anxious to try them out
so while Calvin's asleep he's going to
do a couple things and we and all I
really want to try that snorkel that
LEDs in Hawaii it is really interesting
so you ready to play
do you think you can dive under the
water with those goggles on you can
let's do it
well it looks quite a bit different now
that all the balls are gone
got them all back in their bags Jackson
helped a little bit by throwing them out
of the hot tub it's not necessarily in
the bag that was seriously so fun as
having all those balls in there the kids
loved it
one thing I figured out is well I guess
I knew this I just didn't make the
connection peace flow so sinking well so
I think we need to revisit the hot tub
surfing with something a little bit more
buoyant because I think we can
definitely hit it with something as
buoyant as these guys those are holding
me up like nobody's business what in the
world penny are you going to help us
open this package up I didn't order
anything did you huh you didn't order
anything I'm neither did I
another million but it wouldn't be that
big I don't think it would come in is it
it might be oh my gosh oh my gosh would
what the heck this the excitement level
just went through the roof oh my gosh
I'm kind of freaking out Ellie holy crap
Ellie Wow look how big that is
oh my gosh oh my gosh oh I'm not
complaining I mean that's cool oh my
gosh look at that heavy gold 24-karat he
what is des taught me to keep gold
plated oh my gosh Wow
Ellie that's our brilliant way bun yeah
I did not expect it to be nothing well I
didn't I didn't expect it to be here
this soon oh my gosh Wow look at that
Ellie and Jared congratulations for
surpassing 1 million subscribers really
cool oh I felt pretty neutral putting
all the stuff like this is like wow oh
my gosh even wash though can I can I
hold it I got honey okay Jackson look
what we got in the mail Ellie I want you
to fill me holding it there oh I know
- you guys this is you doing what is it
it's a million subscriber playbook and
it all started because we are trying to
get pregnant with you what you're the
reason for this Jackson you're to blame
you want to try and hold it oh my god
that's cool thank you guys thank all of
you any kind of loss she thinks is cool
- you are bigger than Vancouver
you're bigger than Venice you're even
bigger than Las Vegas 1 million
subscribers maybe you've imagined that
day for a long time or maybe you've
never thought that you'd grow so big
either way not much can match the
satisfaction of finding out that your
creativity but your ideas and that your
voice speaks to 1 million people across
the globe it's not amazing Jackson hey
can you say thank you to all of our
friends thank you bag
this is so cool this is so amazing you
amazed us keep daring keep dreaming big
and keep creating you're the inspiration
for everything we do you're sincerely
the CEO of YouTube thanks dude
appreciate that I didn't see return
address so I can't say it send you a
thank-you letter for pursuing half for I
just kidding oh my god oh my gosh I
can't even visualize a million people
but I mean that's who we're speaking to
it's crazy I have had such a bad
headache today and it the kids have been
so good to just like play together and
it makes me feel so good that they can
play they've been sitting down here
laughing what are you guys laughing
about are you nothing about we try to
pick them up all I heard was you two
laughing hi Xavier you got him up there
yeah we stopped ah you found a starburst
Wow now that the couch has dried a
little bit more it looks so good it
still has a little bit more drying to do
but very happy with the couch it looks
great there's a little fart he has it he
clean to floor looks great like I said
there was just it was just really deep
right there and he did the best he could
I'm very happy with that
why does that us no yeah penny you tell
that snow who's BA Jackson it's snowing
yeah you're right
are you excited for the snow are you
upset with us no yeah me too
hey snow I love it all we had a know
we've had a great season but I'm ready
for you to be done I want some grass in
my backyard
I want to fence in my backyard huh it
sure is pretty
like mother like son that was the
sweetest thing ever oh it seriously is I
love that they're like both I think how
cute is that oh my god now we just need
to get a vacuum that's that small that
actually does and stuff cuz I mean he's
doing a lot of work with nothing not bad
does it suck well guys we are going to
call it a night
thank you again for thinking is possible
the million subscriber play button like
how cool is that that was such a fun
surprise to get I have no idea we're
getting in today I thought it would be
at least a few more weeks so thank you
guys again for that I hope you have a
wonderful evening if you enjoyed the
video hit that thumbs up button and
you're new to the channel hit that
subscribe button and we will see you
guys tomorrow
say bye penny poor guys thanks for
watching like
