don't touch it tell me I want to get it
could you have no idea no it's not okay
okay fine you can open it well you just
have a very momentous occasion we want
to make sure some something we remember
idea you don't know what it is open the
box Ellie good morning guys Jackson what
are you ready for okay I want you to
show me a couple trips real quick before
you go okay show me hike
show me straddle good job can you do a
somersault thank you high five buddy
let's go brush your hair
yeah I know your hair needs to look like
that after gymnastics not before silly
pants McGee can be good okay
but your hair looks a little more
brushed what they said so they have all
our material yeah and you just like it
just measured it's a drug the ground
dries out a little bit more we'll be
starting digging posterization
but he's going to come up today or
tomorrow look at the ground kind of
taken s myth so probably been animating
this close to rain all week yeah we're
so close
I think they can do a little bit nervous
because the ground like underneath is
still pretty roses so I thought I would
do it yeah so I'm thinkin I honestly
believe it all started this week maybe
the net excited thing that athletes or
maybe they'll say oh great
should we go hey Calvin you had your
book bag you put it on Calvin can you
put your backpack on yes exactly
twittering you give him a car for his
book back
well thank you grab your bags oh look
what is out in the stores this cute
little tiny lifetime table for the kids
that's so cute
a lot of this spring and summer stuff
are coming into the stores I woke up
this morning feeling like I ran into a
brick wall no sleep this week we'd be in
like crap this week emotional week so my
one goal is to cook a really good dinner
so we're out getting stuff that we need
going grocery shopping Jackson's trying
to find the toys the tractor toy I'm not
sure what you talked about we'll keep
looking
okay will this escalated extremely
quickly with clogged pipes they had life
jackets and their beach towels out and
we ended up using like the to beach
towels we've had ended up being pennies
so we got a bunch of beach towels cause
we end up using our bath towels let me
go outside and then they had tons of
life jackets and I wanted to grab a few
to make sure that we have in the house
and then I tell you guys all the time
that my favorite mascara is from Sam's
Club and it's the tickety stick you guys
have seen me talk about this a lot so
I'm grabbing that and then this is what
I always used for the kids lotion after
they get out of the tub and for each
season they have like a sponge other
scent so I've never tried to cherry
blossom so we're out of our pumpkin one
from the fall we're getting this I
already put one in there kids we got
that there already
holy cow just escalated very quickly are
you going
okay you guys tickle so this morning I
woke up to the cold sore thing I got
notice and sewed up but as I was going
Russia shopping at classy nice if I
thought I walked in me and the lady with
each other and I stood there and I said
well are you gonna tell me or what like
like what are you sell me on because I
wanted her you know it was like she knew
something was wrong and I just stood
there waiting for her to talk and she
sold me on actually quite a bit of
product so I got to show you while
they're lasting what Jared and I ran our
painting classes something I didn't tell
you guys so the Baris I dropped one of
the paintings it didn't ruin the
painting as the edge of the painting and
a little gun on the floor which is fine
and I actually would rather have more of
it had gotten on the floor not the couch
because the floor is darker and it can
blend or whatnot but look it's oil
paints and it's really hard to get off
and I just wanted it to dry and then I
would try and get it off so after doing
some Google searches and my
mother-in-law's like do not do that do
not do that you'll ruin your couch I
went to the cleaning supply store and
she sold me on this perky spotter plus
she said that her daughter today the
other day had spilt a bunch of frozen
raspberries I smashed it into the couch
so she had to use this to get off and it
works so I'm gonna try it out right now
and these kids are just laughing I think
I'm screaming to torturing whoo I have a
spot on the carpet and I can tell that
it's listening the paint up for sure but
I also don't I can't tell if it's like
bleaching like it said bleaching it but
I did honest not like a Koerner under
the couch so if it did ruin it it's like
not bad I can't tell to be honest I was
doing that little fault and then I
waited day and see hmm how are you today
and where you sound all grown up you go
to tumbling class me and how did you do
Thanks well what if you do need cranky
jail time he piped and straddled and
tight
yeah mom you know do it oh yeah who is
this on the phone yes this is Calvin hi
Calvin
King thank you Hey look yes carat big
boy don't yeah I can't tell oh yeah I'm
going to let it dry for crop for a
little bit we'll see being it mmm did
you hang up did you hang up on grandma
he did you stinker so I did just a
little touch to cancel like right here I
don't know it to see it didn't even
really I don't know I'm just doing your
test sample and then you do a touched up
ball on the back of one of the couches
to see what does to the fabrics before I
do on the couch itself
Hey
Oh
so we about a goal from the beginning of
the year to play once a week and
tripping over penny hi penny
good yes good said we've got a goal from
the beginning of the year to play once a
week music and practice singing and
playing guitar and I have been failing
miserably yes you have so I am
recommitting and I am making an effort
to keep my promise so dad and I are here
and we're playing guitar we're going to
sing some songs so that's what we're
doing I hope you enjoyed the little
solos up that's our little warm-up that
we've been doing s just the funnest
thing ever and dad still can smoke me
but I feel like I'm doing a little bit
better than I used to
there were some really good licks in
there yeah okay okay I jockey gets
bleaching my carpet it just foams and so
I was like oh crap it's linking it and
because it's white but it's just filming
us kids are watching a show and I'm
doing it practice on the backside of my
couch there actually was a spot this is
like a practice spot to see what it will
do to the rest of the couch okay so here
is the sample spot and kind of had just
moved it a little bit and I call the
Restoration Hardware shots where the
couch is from and I asked them for some
advice and they said to be honest with
it being oil-based she's like I would
just contact a professional come out and
clean it so that's what my mother-in-law
suggested too so I'm seeing that
something good to do so I tried it a
little bit in a little nervous go this
oil-based grass hopefully a professional
can come in and come and clean it up
dang it what is that I hear what does
movies playing are you watching mulatto
Jackson are you watching mallanna did it
come out oh my goodness this is probably
the greatest day of Jackson's entire
life whoa okay that was amazing can we
see that in slow motion played
ah oh is that your hook
oh hey Jackson my name is Mona and you
aboard my boat oh look how happy you are
that's so awesome
that movie's going to be on repeat in
our house for a few days I bet you're
feeling bad give me what go home
cuz I'm - Sean may 50t need you to strut
your stuff that's enough I'm through
Sean a kid this is your duck and then
when you're all done you can have a
gingersnap cookie Calvin II all kids
really good like do you she didn't like
the chemo the food took that out but you
need to take a few bites of this before
you have this here Jer is yours this I
made from healthy groceries the healthy
grocery girl as quinoa with beans and
corn and bell pepper and avocado and
then a vinaigrette dressing which is
like olive oil apple cider vinegar lemon
and a little bit of honey what's up -
we're gonna do some God you get - yeah I
had you before dinner and - after but I
only cooked it so I can have these legs
I want your cookie you can you gotta eat
this first okay no look he was touch me
and lay his finger ain't taste a cookie
you could get is what you wanted
put it down can you no you can't have
any
Go Go Zoe my dinner I just wanted to
just down to what do you might get her
to set a good my school boys and when
you throw cookie balls like my but
instead o loving reason one okay I skate
to mommy and take another bite
no piggy by piggyback rides allowed this
for ice-skating very last bike to us get
up oh well you see that double axle that
was a good move
Megan why Oh big big big good job oh
good job buddy yay proud mama right
there whoa
super slam now all around the room in
one big line wearing our pajamas and
looking so fine it's the gym time hop in
the bed turn out the light you can have
a party in your dreams tonight it is
challenge tonight
sleep tight yes pajama time so just very
naturally just how you'd normally say it
that line right there okay the work
never ends every day is an adventure yes
we're doing some voiceover work and
we're using the closet because we don't
have a so anything to do this with we
have a mic set up we're doing some
voiceover work for that the DJI shoot
that's almost ready and because every
day is an adventure we gear up for what
comes our way
I didn't even forget it cause it's true
yesterday's an adventure I mean dear us
what comes our way like an adventure I
called don't touch it tell me I want to
get it I want to get out like you it is
the best secret of your entire life okay
let me grab it don't you have no idea
you have no idea it is no it's not okay
okay fine you can open it okay we will
do Norman yes this is a very momentous
occasion we want to make sure some
something that we remember idea you
don't know what it is open the box Ellie
yes it was my idea but above five
helpings of gummi bears but not just any
old gummy bears let me tell you these
gummy bears are sugar free and if you
read the reviews you will laugh until
you poop your pants and supposedly you
make you poop your pants do you know if
you've been around for almost four years
we talk a lot about poop until forever
forever I've been telling Jarrod you
should do a video on this we're totally
going to do it not tonight
but one night did we just create a
challenge I think they just created a
challenge
we should get 10 more bottles of super
eating paste that's true we'll have a
fun night instead well you stay tuned
because this is going to be the best
ever 5 pounds of this but you don't need
to eat very many I'm gonna have a link
to this down below so you can read the
reviews on them ok hollow lair yet yeah
area if you want a funny night real
reviews
here's catch okay that's going to be it
for us tonight guys we have a five-pound
bag of gummy bears I've got to do some
voiceover work Ellie is all done so she
is going to go over and watch the
bedroom with mommy
yes don't take all of the snacks you can
take some of them but I need to you and
I don't you eat any of those gummy bears
okay I will I want to thanks for
watching guys have a wonderful evening
and we will see you tomorrow
bunny
