the lighter I am on that bond right here
canteen and well you're making my heart
attack I'm 93 years old and be like no
good morning guys
so it's not morning we're just starting
the vlog it's it's in the afternoon
anyway we drop down and guess who we are
with you may know just from this
background right here yep you're right
there with Grandma great how are you
grandma I'm doing great
good good and it really makes me feel
better just to have you here oh you sure
know how to make your favorite grandson
feel good I've got my aunts and uncles
here too and they're like oh really
favorite grand grandchild I said
grandson I'm not grandchild so well
they're not here so there's no they
don't have to they don't have any room
to argue right anyway so grandma you
have some news for us something that you
just got a few days ago what what did
you just get I just got a birthday oh
how many of birthdays have you had 93 93
and what did you get their birthday a
cell phone and they say well it's not
just any old cell phone grandma oh wait
I'm sorry what oh come on grandma got
smart phone and actually I'm Vicki got a
new smart phone as well so right
wonderful master and brother-in-law oh
so we are over here and I am teaching
them how to use the smart phone this is
actually a big part of what I used to do
as one of my previous jobs is teach
classes on smart phones and so this just
kind of brings back a lot of fun
memories a lot of things that I used to
do like early on Saturday mornings every
week I would teach classes specifically
to
the senior citizens of the community
I might have no senior citizen then it's
not so bad
not at all well you've got a great
teacher so learning and amazing so we're
going over smartphone we've gone over
phone calls text messages and even video
chat so grandma's got it down so you can
see it's February 20th and it's having
you scroll down this is a week calendar
so if you want to go to the next week
you just have so I have given grandma
some tasks to do on her phone and then I
will check on her in a little bit
yesterday or a couple days ago we were
talking about training penny and doing
some different things with her and it
was lay art of positive training for a
puppy or something like that the book
that we're going through and use the
clicker and I want to show Dad the
progress we have made so far so I'm
crossing my fingers I see a penny is a
good listen up we're going to go ahead
and see what what kind of training we
got hey huh
penny home
this
uh-huh
so we're working on down that's one that
she's not quite getting yet so hey
so it's just slowly progressing her way
down and getting her into position
everything hey don't break good don't
you I do pretty good yeah I mean all
things considered like you know
obviously she news said but she wouldn't
do it right then and there I know she's
you know doing it for a treat but that's
how he didn't ease off of it so it's
been really really good this is just a
day or two this good girl penny that's a
good girl
bro you know I have a lot of really good
memories of grandma's backyard when I
had my hip surgery I had it was like a
three-month recovery and one of those
months like an entire month now this is
back when we lived in Spokane I spent an
entire month here staying at Grandma's
house because my surgery was in Utah the
closest place you know to stay was here
at Grandma's house so I spent a month
here living here and Ellie and Landon
and Julie came over right at the tail
end right when I was able to like get up
and go to the bathroom myself and like
walk with a walker and everything and
this spot in the backyard just right
over here that blue tarp is covering a
fire pit we roasted hot dogs and
marshmallows on that fire pit and it was
just the most fun ever and there's a
picture of me and Ellie and it's one of
our very first pictures of us like
actually painting oh do you want me oh
it's so crazy to think like that date
was one of many that led to this kid
right here and does that kid right there
like how cool is that okay I really
wanted to say something about this
picture
that you guys just saw so I'm editing
right now in this picture I got up on
the screen and I remember it just came
to me just now this was the first day
after my hip surgery that I could wear
pants like jeans because of the
waistband on pants and everything they
were just so tough on my scar and
everything and I remember I couldn't
wait to put
pants again and I wanted it to be I
wanted it to be a special day that I
could dress nice for Ellie and I just
seemed so silly but I just wanted to
look good for Ellie and I I suffered
through the pain to put on those jeans
so I get to look good for Ellie how
funny is that
like I remember getting that shirt in
those jeans
not too long before my surgery and just
being like I can't wear pants and
because I would be in like either like a
gown or like the scrub pants that they
wear when there's like you tie in a band
and everything but I remembered that
they was very special to me because I
could wear pants and I got to be with
the girl I dreamed of it was just so
much fun and the really amazing thing is
as long as I've known you
that is the most grumpy entire life for
my energy oh yeah he was in so much pain
oh man totally understandable but he was
grumpy how often was I grew up I think I
was only grumpy two times maybe a couple
times once in the hospital because those
things on my feet the air things that
would mean I could not sleep what was
the other time it was here it was here
and here and I think I just in so much
pain and I just embarr it well now those
memories about me being grumpy I'm
grumpy that it's about me being grumpy
not about being the cute memories am i
watching my kids I'm gonna hop up your
ladder grandma you're making my heart
attack okay well mom went up there so
you won't have to find Ellie 93 years
old is be like oh oh
mom are you okay
did you find something true position ah
oh yes dad buy a solar line up there can
you put that out for Halloween well we
are Paul whoa yeah well we're home we
made it I think we need to his little
vacuum hey Jack look at mama Kim and
Scott's his so you have your truck look
you have your truck Thank You Stephanie
I Spy something with my little eyes
penny penny don't write not no oh yes
you dropped it good girl no I Spy
something green yeah hey your turn is it
the car who is it
which car is that car green Wow I'm not
a green card Oh Boston has it oh how did
you spy it then did you spy it earlier
so while we were filming those last few
clips you probably saw penny Oh careful
you probably saw penny like going wild
and crazy and I'm still working on that
especially like when we get home when
the kids are kind of little hyper and
everything and penny wants me penny
wants what these guys have and so what
I've been doing is kind of distracting
her from the Jewish like right now so
what I've been doing is I've been like
taking her and starting like a like a
little tiny training session so I'll
grab the clicker and I'll grab a treat
and it'll take her away from that and
I'll say oh this other thing is more
important and more rewarding so I'm
going to do that instead of taking the
toys from the kiss
and look sure enough here she is right
here following us instead so she knew I
was coming over here so she's like oh
I'm more than she commits so it's going
to take some time it's going to take a
lot of practice but I think we're
already making a lot of progress
something that I continually impressed
with is Calvin's independence Jackson is
not the most independent he likes to
play with us he likes to play with
others but Calvin down here it's playing
all by himself
do you having fun buddy yeah oh you want
to go let's go for right oh no we're
gonna run over the train set up is that
fun honks horn honking good job oh you
want to keep going okay crashing through
the toys it is a mess down here it is a
mess down here my goodness I think when
we had all the kids over yesterday I
just turned into a typhoon and move
through this place oh is this what you
want no no the doggy or the little fox
know your doggy yeah Oh give him love
oh that's so sweet man it feels weird
but I feel like the weekend has finally
caught up to us especially Ellie we laid
the kids down for bed I would lock I
fell asleep and as soon as Ellie put
Calvin down she fell asleep too
in fact I woke up twice I woke up after
putting Jackson down the bed came up
found Ellie and our bed like man I think
the weekend really caught up to her am i
healthy and I just woke up and I was
like oh my gosh
it's 10:30 I'm gonna sleep for an hour
up you know you probably don't realize
that until you get your own house belly
just the physical the emotional toil I
guess other word that you go through of
something like this weekend you know it
doesn't hit totally
until we get home but you know I can't
even imagine how the rest of the family
is and everything and next kind of
family just from you know over the
weekend but what a great weekend was a
bittersweet weekend and and that's what
it was it was a great weekend but it was
difficult and I am so glad that I I
married into that family Ellie's family
and this weekend is one of those reasons
where it's just it definitely is
reaffirmed that I am so happy that I am
part of that family I love those guys so
much and they mean so much to me and you
know when the when their family and
extended family get together it just is
the best and it means so much and I just
love those guys much going along with
that today that has been awesome - we
actually woke up really early and drove
down to at least parents house to see
Julie off to the airport and everything
so we drove to Ellie's parents house and
then just hung out and chatted for a
little bit Ellie's mom and dad actually
took Julie and her cousin to the airport
and the instant they left Bonnie and
Ellie went to work and just totally
cleaned mom and dad's house they had a
lot of people over staying at their
house over the weekend for the funeral
and just from top to bottom clean the
house and you should have seen Ellie's
mom's face when she walked in and
realized it it went it was very cool and
it was just special and I think it was
fun to see that he just made Ellie's mom
feel good something that is pretty
simple but I think it goes a long way
and you know things like that I'm really
grateful for from Ellie and you know
she's just the best and I'm so glad that
I have her in my life I I love Ellie
very very much
and I am so grateful for her family and
I'm so grateful for my family and like I
said before our two little kids it's
been a wonderful weekend and I'm glad
that you guys could come along and be
there for us on this weekend we very
very much appreciate it I'm going to go
back to bed so thank you guys for
hanging out with us have a wonderful
evening and we will see you guys
tomorrow thanks for watching bye
