well good morning guys what is the best
thing about having a hotel other than
running up and down the hall for
breakfast and there's room for the
entire family
these rooms are big it may look like
it's very early because I'm like but we
let this is what shows all my shoes
monkey well how was your night what
is that I love it I was like yeah I feel
for my eyes
you
well in the future I will do our little
girls my hair in ponytails and Jerry can
braid them how did this come about
absolutely I'd really to do a braided
news like Oh soon as I'm done eating
I'll do it and I like she's made I'm
strong huh gotta get a picture
uncle David dad to boot
we have made the journey home and we are
here and it was like okay we have no
food in the fridge we don't really want
to go out to eat we need food so I
shared that and grabbed penny and picked
up some stuff to make lunches we had
sandwiches strawberries who invited
these crazy dog Ian's over for eating a
Filipina Malone oh I know I know not Jed
these kids are all eating over here did
you guys have a good day playing yeah
all the kids are playing on the hotel
time and my mom was crying if he saw her
I saw her she's in the corner she stood
up and she's looking to the fifties with
all of us it was like all like seventeen
branches said she just started crying I
was like I knew exactly what she was
thinking mister what are you trying to
convey but it was just a really sweet
moment it's like I knew what she was
thinking we've done that a few times
this weekend we've caught it's like we
just have known is that what we're
thinking cause does a long day and
traveling a Jared night on the way to
the funeral services we were watching a
few videos that we had filmed just for
fun before we even started YouTube well
this is so you guys know about the
camera that I bought for Ellie a long
time ago that just went untouched
we still I think this is the camera we
filmed the most because like you should
start doing some Beauty stuff on YouTube
but we just filmed some short videos
that you guys have never seen before or
if you have not many yeah if you have
seen the loveSac ones yeah that's on my
channel but not very many so we're going
to go ahead and play those old clips as
a throwback and then we'll go ahead and
the blog after that so enjoy the next
few clips of
that was over how many years ago over
around five secure between all that so
enjoy
this is the second place that Jared and
I lived and ever this is about two weeks
after he graduated from college we were
young like married for a couple years
but we were just getting ready to start
YouTube no couple years after Jackson
was born in 2014 since 2012
okay maybe a year me everyday after work
we would walk around the block we go
through the sheets and you'd love the
gas station and get an ice-cream come I
call us every day and we ran into these
guys and they weren't very nice hey
buddy look down coming now
hey guys
oh he just ran right up here hey yeah I
needed setbacks I can get a better angle
you must be the black sheep of the black
sheep family is that way yeah like
you're like step back well I'll get you
more now this one is public so a lot of
you may have already seen it but if you
have a love FAC this is something that
you should definitely do with it this
was 2012 so just a little bit after the
Sheep one okay can't Julie go son again
Julie goes
here
dude in there we go all gone like just
right
take ten
oh my gosh
flight
what do you do at Bonnie's house when
it's the night and you have Gillian land
in there this is unseen footage from our
camera because we just shared learn this
slow-mo feature on so this is us
crashing apples on the ground
Oh
now this one I don't think any of you
guys have seen before you try won't be
able to see the whole thing yeah well
because the music might be copyrighted
but we were on our way to a funeral and
we were writing with Landon and Julie
and baby Emma she's so singing Hugh and
I just got some new software on my phone
that you can make like movie trailers so
we're like we've got a four-hour drive
let's make a movie Dre and that's what
this is
we actually posted this video about two
weeks ago so you guys has a lot more
adamantine us but this was the time
where Jared and I were actually
struggling or trying to get pregnant we
were just in a really like a wall spot
and we thought let's just get out of the
house food drop to Park City
we bought a hundred dollar meal it was
in response it we just wanted to just
like go and do and we did went to Park
City we world the roller coaster met is
wonderful dinner and it was awesome it
was just a really great day to get our
minds off of things and this is fun all
right we're here in Park City we're just
going down the Alpine Coaster I don't
know if you can see how pretty it is out
here but it's pretty sweet what do you
think Ellie I'm excited we've had a fun
day we went shopping and now we're going
down to slide over Simon
ah we're going up the track
yeah
I hope that was fun for you guys to see
like young Ellie and Jared before we
even started doing YouTube before we
even had kids even and this is like one
of the big reasons we do why we do I
love being able to look back a few years
ago and see everything I love that we
were able to go back and pull clips from
when Ellie's mom and aunt Sonia were
doing things like it's very special to
us and it makes me want to go back even
further and look at our hard drives and
see like what videos did we film on our
iPhones like when they first learn up do
you remember getting our iPhones for the
first time I do but I wish you had more
footage of us before we had kids and we
first covered yeah oh my gosh yes it is
as I thought we have what we have oh
yeah definitely and it just goes to show
like if you're thinking about it just do
it just do it and even if it's just for
yourself I am so grateful for the
memories that we have forever to look
back on so thanks for doing this with me
always I love you asking me if you guys
enjoyed the video give it a thumbs up
and we will see you guys tomorrow thanks
for watching this unseen footage before
never seen before bye
