I think one thing about Sonia I like to
make Sonia laughs if he was a little
quieter than I am and I loved doing
things we talked her some and
she thought I don't know I just want to
think that she thought that I was
present sometimes I do or say something
just to make her laugh
I have had about six hours of sleep the
last two nights because we'll go to bed
at like 2 or 3 Vega really early to get
ready it's just really nice to be
surrounded by covered so I get so nice
like hug done with you know for a long
time our aunts and uncles we just got
done with the funeral service and the
ladies in the church passed probably
over a hundred lunches for everybody's
got a bag with a sandwich it just
Centurion neck and everybody is on the
long way idaho pseudo-snake a four-hour
drive all the kids are about there
squeeze on all gaunt out Julian's got
you and Harris is so fun and the funeral
service was beautiful and I eat my
favorite chocolate is given with my aunt
juley because my aunt juley and my mom
worked in the hospital apportionment in
Utah it just was very touching of how
strong my aunt has been our whole life
and specifically their issues she said
she bought every day she got every day
for her life my aunt was a very strong
person and life was not easy a Mike was
hard and the thing that I love the most
is
never gave up on space and I think I
look like it she never did why me he
just knew like yeah but yeah what did
mom say she said she's not too bad
yeah there's a big difference between
being mad and being bitter because I
think being bitter is a must longer-term
emotion and being mad it's temporary
letting you can be asked then you kind
of screwed up your loins a little bit
and you get back to it is like a month
she was tough and I love her as we're
sitting here talking about the services
something an Tonya's daughter said and
you know before she passed away they
were talking and she said you know
advice of what to get to her is that I
wish and I could give one piece of
advice it would be to not worry about
what other people think and to do it
better yeah yeah I thought that was very
good my dream I think sometimes we do
that sometimes school
people they don't like that whether it's
friends family even YouTube it's like oh
this place should do the outer they do
you and be happy and us happy that was
very good advice because it take that
win we for sure
so I remember aunt Connie always being
so modest and I remember staying at her
house we were watching a movie and I
don't really releasing and your son
you're done for the sheets you like
eighteen seventies cycle if you know
it's appropriate to wash it
so what I love about Antonia is she is
very selfless
memory bye oh yeah very sweet and have
always very client to me and to the very
understanding I appreciated her and
loved her very much
I think event Sonia I think about
things that I'm going to miss about
family and when you're erasing the
children as a married man if different
helpful visits and so many times our
kids would be in the ring
they just know we were talking to each
other and they'd lay on the floor and
it's the kids love to lay there on the
floor and my bedroom and wherever you
learn just listen to aunt song you might
talk on the phone I think that will be
milder disease
you
when memory that I have vents on yet was
really real and she said mean hurt kids
to grocery stores but if you're good I
will give you treatment we are done I
remember at the end I was the only one
who's not a tree and it was the Biddle
honey candy and I did share it with a
headdress which I did this was like one
small memory up very much
c'mon Yeltsin so are you excited to go
swimming Wow so the services were great
we had a wonderful lunch and afterwards
we're we able to visit and chat with
everyone and since we're so far away we
actually everyone is staying in a hotel
tonight and the hotel just happens to
have a pool so Jackson again what are we
doing you're excited to go swimming
okay you said you go swimming too
Oh
you
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Jackson did you have so much fun in the
pool tell me what was your favorite part
oh he was back and lunch I don't want to
he's so preoccupied by this sucker that
inside like I'm not going to answer any
questions on my burger it's hard tonight
yeah did you go something with Lightning
McQueen was that fun
did he was he is it summer what else is
rounded yeah so could ever be diverse
Sonia and I grew up on a pond 35 miles
from high school and a lot of times we
drove the car and turning our studies
spent a lot of time in the car going
back and forth from my farm to the
school book chalice together I remember
one of the community reviewers will get
Taco Bell I think I'll be regular after
our piano lessons we tell burrito and I
don't know if special time script where
our long ways away from home and we were
together we go piano lessons when we go
get a burrito just being together for
nine we share a room you're up sharing a
room for the most part in my innocence
deep barely have to be a pundit at the
past three days and hey wait
so mystic hate it's weird if you had fun
but like women have but it's also been
fun lots of kids and just as much faster
yeah that's right thank you guys so much
for watching our video today and thank
you so much for joining this journey of
Jared I and our life span Sonya and
didn't mind when we filmed she thought
it was really special that we were able
to make a sweet video when her my mom
shapes their head and it just I think
that she would think that this was cute
and really grateful for her and her
family and with that work is taken right
thanks for watching guys tomorrow
Sonia has such faith he has such a
strong testimony stay here no matter
what extent does the house have life God
not he never lost
seung-hyun
kind forgiving through generous topless
didn't have a lot of earthly things but
she would give you the last dollar
ministers
