are you tired yet no I'm just getting
started grandpa boy if we put him in the
water he'd go faster than Michael Phelps
Oh
good morning guys happy Friday
yesterday I got two dozen that cook used
to bring to my family's house in my hand
and cousins and uncles ate them all up
and today is no different we are on our
way again to go see family and be with
them today and Jared and I are listening
to the power of the power of positive
healthy communities and that we feel
like we've done an okay job with penny
with penny I feel like we've done really
well but there are definitely some
things where I'm like oh and I feel bad
that's how I was yeah so by putting her
outside after she jumps on the couch and
will not teach her to not jump on the
couch that is that it just listening to
this and like oh I see now so it's just
adjusting to mix they're all learning
parents parenting puppies everything
what it does do though is it makes me
really excited to work even more
I'm working he can fit very well he can
stay she can come but there's just a few
things here and there that I'm just I
can't quite figure out what I think this
book is helping with that blacks I'm
actually only four months old she so
this is not no do you want to know
something I remember when you were
learning how to call up these stairs and
you were a baby did you know that and
now you want me to hold your hand when
you're coming down the stairs so what
you want will come walk down the stairs
come on okay well these jump to me or
something can you jump to me this is
where I'll just downstairs watching
family slideshows and it's just so sweet
I think watching the slideshow was just
so tender and sweet but I think what was
even better was watching le family watch
the slideshow there was so much joy and
happiness there was laughing and tears
it was so special to be in that room
right then you know right now this
region that's kind of what it's all
about is about family it was just very
cool to see that what I was thinking in
there I was like I hope we have these
same feelings when we go back and look
at these vlogs it might be silly to even
think this but like I hope you guys feel
at least a portion of the joy that we
felt in that room one you watch these
videos I hope that you feel a little joy
and happiness and sense of just when you
watch our videos that's that's what I
want to convey is the feeling that I had
while we were watching that slideshow
just tender and peace and happiness just
a cool moment to be a part of and just
makes me all the more excited to create
more memories with our family
okay I'm watching whoa
come on mama come on mama
oh you need my phone take a picture kill
the Hulk you okay I bet you're going to
jump with us but that's okay that's the
picture they're trying to get that's
cute
take a bottle before you pop back reduce
not like he's like this is not
comfortable okay this is the ultimate
test Calvin go get mom go get mommy
they changed codes
he doesn't want any of you he's like no
I want the trampoline then come to your
mommy
that's what
I call your mom got you know the monster
trampoline I'd like to know so now you
are mom huh go see mommy oh he knows he
knows no I'm just getting started
grandpa boy if we put him in the water
he'd go faster than Michael Phelps oh oh
I'm ready for Matthew these little dice
have entertained a grandkid ever granted
after cricket and I just like them
you try Calvin he's back on that's all
he wants to do let me do it no you want
to knock it over
okay can you stack them stack them up
good job kid do another one you are so
good so that's not the right one you got
to get this one there you go there you
go good job good job guys one more oh
he's so nice to just let me do it no no
no yeah
Jackson are you trying to think in that
picture cute you guys look good
we just got Calvin to bed and while
everyone is at the viewing Jackson and I
when Calvin have been hanging out and
now Jackson and me and I hard are
watching Clifford the Big Red Dog before
we go to bed we have a good day today
did you have fun why did you get this
little car this because you were a good
listener today special this is a special
car huh what was your favorite part
about today hi
yeah that was your favorite part was
your favorite part seeing grandma
grandpa today you saw both your
grandparents today huh
yeah I was fun we dropped off penny at
my parents house so my parents could
watch penny over the weekend can you say
good night to our friends gorillas and
the best part is this on the back of you
guys can picture mom or the little nuts
to you is a little project here what
working on we were out here so awesome
cool thank you for working like a lot
three pizzas free people sir it really
really good $10 I but they're still
thinking yes and when they're cold
there's an inner dialogue yeah yeah
that's funny
Jerez explained to Aunt juley's twig
cookie because she's never had one abut
aunt Patsy told me yesterday that
grandpa so you guys all know that we
always be in tweets and we were allowed
to use me for breakfast and because of
your dad grandpa said what
well you digest the sweets first so it
doesn't is excused I go by eat the
Snickers first I'll digest at first and
then there wasn't a single video I don't
know who's reaching but I like it and
that's what we do what he wanted to eat
this week ball he was hungry
did you painted the onions are you
making there am i hopefully the pie
pizza cookies taking a picture of it
yeah yeah take another
you
Oh
are you ready for the one am challenge
it's called Linnaean challenge how many
Hofmeister daycare me it's 1:00 a.m. you
would never have known mom bought tons
of ice cream we're all going to bed and
I'll take whatever they want to do we
can wait in my hand or hungry this is
something I can not remember before we
had for such everyday with families
either there are cracks lotta hoie last
year starter reaches utterly chocolate
addicted to chocolate animal jam yes
this is my mom's sister don't anybody
say hi at not see ya they gave my dad
archiver whenever you know right next to
the bacon guys so much for watching we
look to you guys hi my leg I going
