Sonia Sonia like out of the blue
why are you playing in Sonya's name all
right
I don't want to turn the blender on
until we are ready to blend good morning
everybody we are making a smoothie we'll
see how it turns out we have orange
juice some greens we're going to mix it
and then we're going to add strawberries
blueberries avocado some powder
that sounds okay maybe some ice so push
that button and then push that bud yeah
when we're all done with this on you elf
all I wanted to do you got your
strawberry in there just one whoa whoa
dump all that goodness in there and
let's customer there's no good hum buddy
keep smelling he went yeah you want to
put some in calc don't put nice Cuban
but nice Cuban good one you want money I
gotta have that Gessle touch okay push
that button again
laughs you like it
Wow let's even Calvin things use a
little questionable butter
hahaha do you like it Jackson good upper
Calvin you like it you know what do you
think mom and I like my more liquidy
like it's got just enough fruit flavor
in it and good like a torn-up you can
you can do such a bit of avocado and and
all that stuff so I feel like it's a
safety healthy take one of things you
don't like it try try one going to take
a drink like mommy take one drink like
mommy hmm are you spitting in my desk
chair whoa careful do you want to know
something funny Jackson if I just spin
in my dad's desk chair in his office at
my house growing up and now you're doing
it in my desk that's cool that's like a
little moment just a reminiscing moment
and it just makes me think of all these
fun memories with me and my dad now the
question is like when Jackson is older
and he if he has an office like what is
not going to look like you know when I
was a kid he had you know one of the
very first Macintosh computers I think
he had one of the very first Apple
laptops and I remember getting like OS 7
I think is what I was like when they
first out of their color screens and
everything and now we have Retina
displays 4k display so I have 5 K
displays like this is just crazy I
wonder what it's going to be like when
Jack
you're so busy right now aren't you when
you're my age and you have kids of your
own huh whoa okay now get up and run
Calvin Calvin needs us come on we got to
go run - Calvin let's go miss bender
Galvin but then again he okay uh I can't
even keep up with you
good Mario good morning there you are
usually standing there waiting for us
you keep good yes he did hey uh oh I
smell a poopy so Ellie asked me when
Calvin wakes up I want you to change his
diaper and that's pretty much all she
said uh obviously I'm going to change
the diaper but I think she was
referencing the outfit that Calvin is
wearing he's wearing a brand-new outfit
today and I think there's something that
goes along with it that's going to make
the next part of this the diaper
changing interesting are you ready for
this you want to get your diaper change
she's like yeah I'm loving you see the
numbers counting uh-huh good okay boy to
have me in Calvin okay we're over in a
bun
do you know how to take this off yeah
how did mommy put it on okay what what
do you think oh I did spot the buzzer on
back woof where why why why I had some
to tell me that you were in here Jackson
when mommy changed his diaper the first
time how do you do you just literally
stretch it over which I do because I
have no idea if I did this right but
basically I just pulled the shirt the
outfit is very very stretchy so I just
pulled like through the head hole I just
pulled it down around the shoulders and
now they're at his ankles
hey you be careful so I would know it's
just like the best design because what
if she has a blowout that stuff is
getting everywhere everywhere I'm
getting ready to go down to be with my
family a lot of my aunts are coming over
to my mom's house tonight
Julie is flying in so I stopped at
Sephora because I wanted to get a sample
of one of their foundations that
Jacqueline Hill has talked a lot about
and I tried that foundation I got a
sample of it from Josie Maran and I was
looking at some of their eyeshadow
palettes haven't worn tons of makeup
lately but this is like the perfect
palette it's from Tarte and it has like
tons of matte shades color shades and
even some shimmer eyeshadow in there
like this is a perfect palette oh so fun
so fun to look at what's that what's new
I don't want to get in the habit of just
like putting things in the garage like
leaning against the wall leaving them in
the third garage or anything like that
so yesterday Ellie and I went out and we
got a little like garage organization
system what are you singing Calvin
Calvin in this Alvin in the gym Oh
Calvin and zip up and sing it again
are you shy now sing it my gosh he's
being combined off that's all so those
go away so you you hang these rails up
in the Kohanim and you can like pink you
know like your your your brooms and your
shovels and all of that stuff so that's
what I'm going to work on now and I've
got some helpers Sam yeah
are you going to help me out young man
give me high fives we're going to help
me out we're going to do this together
okay man
those are safety glasses yep you want to
wear good job all right
are you going to help me out too young
man five five you can help me out
Calvin Calvin Calvin Calvin there you go
I'm not sure if you're going to help me
but I appreciate that
whoa thank you I just drilled this
middle one in and all of a sudden I
heard all of this crackling and if you
see close there's a bump right here now
such as air coming on the other side of
the pane so weird
something like that you know so we will
have a few more tools throughout my
garage step that's essentially looking
for and if you get a ton of different
kinds of so you can hang a lot of them I
added a few more items on there but I
think it looks pretty good but what I'm
most proud about is getting that plug
vacuum I mean this is what 18pt links or
something like that in this garage it's
really high and I don't have a lot of
that's tall enough to get up there so
here's what happened I stood on the four
wheeler on the back of the four wheeler
and I use the post hole digger to pinch
off the end of that plug and I was able
to stand up there guide it all the way
up there and plug it in amazing I can't
believe I did that
it totally makes me think of the red and
green show this is Joel no I can't say
that what they say on the red and green
show is like if she doesn't find me
handsome Alisha find you handy
Joel is handsome and handy I am just
crapped on either of them
you want to know something you in Kelvin
were such good helpers today while daddy
was flying solo that I think we should
take you somewhere special where do you
want to go girl hey I wanted to take the
kids here and mom actually suggested it
because they have a little play area the
kids are just so awesome today so we're
like let's have a little dinner I'll
treat mom and dad to a little dinner and
let the kids play the play area get all
of their energy out and then they'll go
right to sleep all the way home from
dinner
Jackson was teaching me a little bit
about stop life weren't you were you
teaching me what does red mean what does
green mean no what is yellow mean that's
why what it made doesn't mean go fast
although sometimes up that's what we do
in fact many person knows I love your
video right so what is red mean what
does green mean what does yellow mean
Calvin what does red mean stop that's
right good job you ready for some water
you want some water bud okay we'll get
you some water
give me just ma I love when you grab you
I'll already neck okay we'll get to the
motor this is one of my most absolute
favorite times of the day
kids are winding down and we're just
kind of hanging out right before bed
rockin Calvin I love to rock Calvin and
what what I usually do what I usually do
is
Rock him for just a couple minutes and
then I'll lay him down and he'll go to
sleep I love that
and Jackson and I we will lay in bed
together and we'll tell a story or we'll
talk about our day and then he'll fall
asleep and it's just a fun night routine
that we have that's just like the very
end part of it and I just love it I love
that I get to hold these kids and call
them my home and these these are just
like my little boys I'm so happy and I'm
so grateful that I get to hold onto it
every single night oh wow yeah mmm you
say dead oh wow
can you say mama say mama mama say I
miss you
ba okay I miss you mom and I love you
money sighs I say I love you say good
night mom
keeping an eye to our friends are they
duplicated my name is Mike yos another
cake
I love these kissing there I want to be
amazed okay look I love you Amy Tan se
she lived is a really night let me down
or to tell me why you're staying Fe
we're creating yes the name is oh my god
Maiko okay that was fun so when momma's
and Arizona her sisters got tons of
turquoise so we're sitting here looking
at all mom's rings of talking we could
see if she had you know what mom has
it's so funny is this is mom's old
boyfriend that you got for your
boyfriend and his name was Scotty
Scott was last night yeah let's him
up on you to repeat fine
he tells that is always equal thank you
guys so much for watching the videos
today if you enjoyed it be sure to give
it a big thumbs up we'll see you there
tomorrow thanks for watching
