the beautiful Dania tog eyes and I
grabbed everybody's coats put mine story
of mom's life
well good morning to you guys I feel
like I have been spoiled I pulled that
today but the guy in our driveway
pulling out this beautiful bouquet of
flowers thank you so much Carl and
ginger they sent this to me this is my
aunt passing away and I thought that was
really sweet and they're really
beautiful I love them it's so cute
Jackson I have a question for you you
get to pretty school today how did you
like it
what did you do play any game and you
were sitting on a sticker when I came
and saw you star wow you're sitting on a
star I went to go put the muffins like
we're in Jack's like all the kids like
up and about and there was a few kids
sitting on their stars with their book
bags and that's I guess what they do is
they all have to sit in their spot as
everyone's getting their coats on I want
to get your coat on you still on your
spot and I was so proud of you for
listening you were a good listener what
was your favorite part today about
preschool and planning and what else did
you do
hey three is three and what else toy did
you sing
what did you think actually man you beat
Jack Wow that sounds like he got his
Valentines
we didn't go on Monday because we kind
of counseled everything and went to
family but he got some Valentine's stuff
that looks so fun oh thank you may see
gain how sweet is all to jail and from
gay I mean love games - Calvin love
games so cute and Briggs did you send
you the puzzle we got to build this
puzzle Calvin so come on we'll build
this puzzle I thought I'd give a little
update on my terrible crash that I had
here in the garage it all dried up and
it looked really really great but you
could still see just like a hint of it
and so what I actually did is I added a
lot more and feathered it out quite a
bit so I'll cover
larger surface area so it's harder to
tell and so I've got that dry in there
and since it's on the garage in this
wintertime it takes a long time to dry
so I put our little heater right in
front of it for a few hours set you know
just a little bit warmer in here in the
garage like 70 degrees and that
shouldn't have a dry a lot faster so I
can stand it more yeah so hopefully that
edge looks pretty good I did as best I
could but I don't know I hope it looks
good as new we are here at my parents
house because we have a couple items
that we need to check off our list
namely mom wanted to try some of those
blacks being brownie chocolate brownie
things you just fried them right I did
they're good you like them they're
pretty great huh for having black beans
I know I am gross
healthy stuff I know they're pretty good
also the kids did a little Valentine for
them and we weren't able to stop by
yesterday so they dropped us off and
most importantly I'm fulfilling a
request so I'm leaving this dr. pepper
here for you so you can get to me when I
come over for like dinner I think I did
it I did it but I think probably one of
the most important things that yes my
tests came back
wouldn't you took the test and what
that's worth it and I passed oh good
what statistics I had you can say half
of them I had an an endoscopy and a
colonoscopy
at the same time oh that's telling oh
yes oh yes oh yes but but one of the
reasons were though for those tests was
to see if there was any cancer Creek and
there is none so if you know like that
sounds like a raspy voice like if you've
noticed I like and it's one of my most
liked loves my lure yeah well it's your
identity like a lot of people identify
you by your the raspiness of your voice
when you're singing and when you're
giving presentations and everything it's
very unique and it's that's my desk you
know I can
never make prank phone calls everybody
always knows who it is right that has
some worry to us and so that got his
throat tested and everything and there
was no cancer so that's a huge relief
because you weren't feeling well for a
little while
correct when dad wasn't feeling well
that was a big part of it was you know
going through those tests and everything
but I'm glad to hear the good news that
you or cancer for you yes indeed yeah
it's pretty rare that Jack will transfer
the beautiful day in Utah guys and I
grabbed everybody's coats put mine story
of mom's life taking care of everyone
you forget about yourself okay penny are
you ready ready look at this what about
they should good jump in there I'm not a
little lake give me a cow over my hand
over here there's dogs up there on the
mountain look at that coming down you
made it okay ready to take our picture
ready why do you usually that a mom and
I think you know kids I'm like I think
they're looking Calvin look at he's like
make sure it looks good make sure you
don't come out
that's so funny Thank You tiny look at
it let's look at the picture no Jackson
that's hilarious because our legs right
now it's okay she's a cute that's
actually really nice
look at that oh look at that picture
Jagr nobody not a new photographer it's
so slow get out here this is our
backyard guys
so so good I can try my magic ball
better go find another one okay so good
that's hilarious I did that no I did
your legs you'll see follow us on
Instagram to see who actually posted it
okay so the next clip that you're about
to see Ellie and I have actually filmed
over a few weeks and we have everything
ready to go and it's a cool thing that
we're working with ancestry DNA and I'm
excited to show you guys so we're going
to roll this clip right now and then
we'll continue back in our regular
schedule footage right after that le le
le le I have a task for you right here
okay
I need you been interested spit in this
file I know it sounds weird okay just
listen so do you remember that mom and
dad did that ancestry DNA thing and they
found out like where their family
withdrawn and like all of their DNA
stuff I got one for us too and I just
spit in it and now it's your turn oh oh
uh it's not as high as you think okay
and then we'll come back and check and
we'll find out what to be Indian so cool
Nate Dale so I just got an email in my
inbox my email inbox Ellie and we have
our results of our ancestry DNA test do
you want to see that I do sorry mom and
dad
you just allegedly did yes and this is
the real test right guys this is this
will be like if you need to tell me
anything know exactly who his mom did
before I'll go to so we can actually
compare total to mine and see how they
match up I find about ten years ago oh
my god mine ancestry first started with
the DNA oh my god yeah so cool okay
ready uh-huh
the results please okay see my resolve
okay there's one song I need to tell you
oh great we found you on the doorstep oh
stop it okay so
now you're finally old enough so 100%
European 52% Europe web 23% Great
Britain 10% Scandinavia 7% Ireland 1%
Finland yeah go Finland that's war me
finish babe that's cool they even have a
map or like everything is and like all
of the percentages and everything there
that's so cool okay you ready Ali you
have 100 percent your pan and then 69
percent is Great Britain 17 percent is
West Europe there you go and then click
show all regions because there's like a
really small part okay oh wow big
Finland Wow really no wonder you were
tired that's cool Wow should we see how
it compares to Mum yes my mom will think
this is really interesting
yeah mom has her results ready and this
was 10 years ago you said about 10 years
ago I can't remember when it first came
out but okay long time ago 59% Europe
rest
26% Ireland and 15 other regions Wow
so here is mine and here is mom and they
look pretty similar huh Wow yeah they do
how muddy oh my God look we're on mom's
account and we I show up as one of her
DNA matches confidence extremely high as
like a parent or child immediate family
member how cool is that
okay but what was funny about this look
at all these people that belong to
ancestry that I'm possibly related to
like third cousins Wow all these people
that's so cool
so this was so fun to see and to learn
and it's cool because my mom is such a
huge fan of family history as it is I
mean obviously she did this like years
and years ago and we are able to compare
our results and find out that we were
related as if we didn't already know
that or did we
anyway if you guys want to try this I'll
have a link in the description down
below and fess recom slash Ellie and
Jared if you guys want to find
more about your family history this it's
something that's very cool and special
to us and I know you guys would like it
if you click the link down below you
guys can get a 10% discount on the DNA
test which is normally $99 well worth it
to find out the information felt good
that's right and if you take the test
maybe you'll be related that is I mean
you can see that you can find out if
that's if we're like fourth cousins or
something like that that is so cool to
find out who has created an account and
dumbest you can find out like who you're
related to it's so fun anyway guys check
out the link down below ancestry.com /le
injera to get your discount you can do
it whether you're international or here
in the space you'll get your results in
like six to eight weeks and let me know
if you guys do it okay mr. man you got
my leg oh yeah you got my leg
okay we're trying to come right over
here I'm going to lick my like you hold
on tight you hold on tight hold on tight
tight tight tight egg what was your
favorite part of the day
you like going to preschool today right
yeah that's cool Kevin what was your
favorite part of the day today um a yeah
I love that part that was so fun huh
what was your favorite part my heart was
probably taking the kids to dinner
because we haven't found like two didn't
a long time yeah that was really fun and
my favorite part was that going on the
hike like we need to explore our area
because there's some like some amazing
things and we just don't go yeah exactly
I have no idea okay guys it's time for
you good to go to bed okay say good
night yeah say bye-bye laughing all
right the past two times agendas got a
haircut
mmm there's not this for me because I am
tired
we're rust and I had people be intercut
and it felt so good to kind of hair is
big yes yes and it's been a long time
and I'm ready that's how to cut the way
I like test and the way I like I
think the other guys did like terrible
 when you cut my hair so many times
we kind of know how yeah I use notices
hang around and it's not that I have
forgot that your hair is so much more
great as I've been cutting it and it's
not as like no new patches more great
like you are going to be gray which is
not bad no it's not bad I'm going to
support it I'm going to fall down
something I won't blame you know but I
just think it's crazy how fast in honey
I get oh my grandpa was like how to full
head of white hair at 30 or something
like that and however you give me this
year I'll be turning 29 oh wait yeah I
bet I started by starting you will have
a white even in here oh my god because
if it's argue like this again I know up
something like that a lot of change
there's a lot of great that it is
rapidly growing not crazy I'm so bad I'm
getting some business to do is I'm
cutting I can see like how the other
person is cut and everything is so good
to pivot I was okay to end the night we
can either stream a game or we can watch
The Bachelor the best way to decide this
rock-paper-scissors rock-paper-scissors
cigarette it went off see my sister's
used to do that cigarette you'd burn
anything I guess I can't do that here
right no okay you're clearly against the
rules and standards and regulations
that's why the truth Kappa rocks baby
Cooper
oh okay Oh
I win there's a long way you like well
there you have it thank you guys so much
for watching the video if you enjoyed it
hit that thumbs up button if you're new
to our channel make sure you hit that
subscribe button we make videos like
this every single day
and we would love for you to hang out
with our family we'll see you guys
tomorrow thanks for watching bye I just
don't feel like she's holy night I found
this yeah why not we both here
