are you back uming the the ground this
morning
repor yeah thank you so much for being a
good helper Calvin Calvin really was the
vacuum are you going to let Calvin have
a turn to you Calvin - Calvin have a
turn buddy they both take their cleaning
very seriously Kelly will you be my
Valentine
I will always be your Valentine oh good
I never have to surface you Vicky you
have to with our powers combined we will
create Roli I know I always have to
really think in them like I always have
this wrong okay so because it will be my
Valentine this year I have a special
request okay oh yes it's a lot of
lipstick I need to run a few errands
okay I have to go get a couple things
for you a lesson
and so on I'm going to leave you with
the kids for just a little bit so I'm
going to go get those things and it's a
surprise and you can't know it okay look
at the bank same thing is now I have
like 45 minutes to get as much done on
my list for our Valentine's Day as I can
so come on with me I can't show you yet
what we're doing but you can come with
me while I look okay all right turn the
van on yeah we don't so I'm looking for
something very specific as I ordered but
it's not here yet so I have to go into
these stores to see if they have the
same thing or something very similar to
it we can kind of see where I'm in the
back house then they gives away but
looking around here perhaps I know they
have something very similar but I want
the very specific oh well poop on a
stick I struck out out the first door
now I am checking around here at another
place this is probably my best
Jackson capital about that
- that's so awesome
okay I got almost everything I need
right here I am so excited to be the
best
I think le Olam I really really think
she will treat my memories forever time
screaming my mom ah good job
are you ready buddy you're gonna be my
helper today what Oh from jumping
orphans in ethics her nap oh she's going
live are you okay I'm sorry
oh my goodness I had no idea you're
going to be okay
actually what you need to do with you
have a little if you have like a
sprained ankle is walking on is like one
of the best things that increased blood
flow to the area do you know that so I'm
good good good okay well let's go we've
got some stuff we need to do okay I need
you to be my helper today okay I want
you to pick out something special for
mommy
and something special for Calvin because
it's Valentine's Day today man yeah for
and for you too if you want does that
sound good well okay let's go look at
these buddy kneecapping yeah do you
think mommy will like those okay put
them in your car do you think mommy
would like a flower just want to grab
one of those that one who can you put
that one back
good job okay put that one in your cart
yeah good job okay let's go
you got your car full you got some good
stuff in there I think mama will be
happy with half of the things I've got
my cart full here and got some good
stuff going on tonight you know you're
having a good day when you can get all
the groceries in on one load do you ever
do that you're like I thought now I'm
doing one trip this is a one trip to
break my arm and I will get it all in so
you're probably wondering what we're
having for Valentine's Day dinner I've
been leading some hints and everything
but what do you think I don't know all I
know they make it black bean brownies
this is good I am happy and I am proud
to make it bold announcement Ellie okay
I need you to come a little closer come
a little closer baby you're not wearing
any pants today
no panting though we are going to be
recreating at least a portion of what we
did in our cooking class we're going to
be having steak and lobster tails I just
try it
mmm I think so yeah
pretty cool huh excited I'm excited too
it's going to be a good night I hope we
make it well worth case scenario there's
always pizza I'm glad that we are going
to be home yeah
yep terrific all I want to do anyway
home safety home sandal today with my
love and Mustang hey mom and dad can
kiss it's not gross okay when you're
married it's not gross happy Valentine's
Day guys what are we getting ready to do
Maine crappy make brownies and my
expectation is very very low with these
which means they might chase goodbye
expectations low we've got oh we have
black beans we have coconut sugar we
have water and chia seeds I didn't have
any other seeds by use those we have
cocoa powder baking powder coconut oil
this at extract toppings
with dark chocolate cocoa chip
that's not your usual ingredient so we
will see how they how about my choosing
I like store-bought better than homemade
everything's better homemade except mac
and cheese and brownies I know we'll see
how I like these are you ready to help
me
all righty it smells very good I'd like
to take a lick no with your finger good
blot means building taste of black beans
I just taste the mint in the chocolate
actually can't look it but we gotta plug
it hurts you can't defeat it
and if you ever make baked potatoes make
sure you take all of them out of the
oven who has done this I've done 100
times ice preheated the oven went to put
my brownies in and I was a baked potato
City right now but I forgot about like
three days ago so gotta get back you
want hot potato out there we go I am
kind of madly in love with these two I'm
so in love with them okay Jackson you
have this car give him his car please
I just can't get over them
I can't I start every day I look at them
and think how are they mine what do you
think taste buzzer the toddler always
say chocolate is good but I will give
you the true test black beans I don't
know it smells so good then the extract
should make it really good good hi chewy
soft I cooked it like way longer than
its active because I wanted to be like
not gooey you know what this is a win in
my book this is really good
thanks fella crusher garlic confit start
from the recipe down sir I've been
cooking a lot of my stuff lately and
from her site so good I am not
disappoint
classic you pull it out do you remember
doing Valentine cards for your cousins
and friends well guess what they sent
you and Kalfas valentine card is that
sweet should you like opening them up to
face is hilarious thank you so much to
our friends
Caspian Oliver look at this these are so
sweet spin and Ollie
we got all our Valentine's goodies from
a lot of our friends thank you so much
miss me this is fun she thought it would
be fun to send out for all the kids to
have a little Valentine card and you
guys scored with the cookies jealous I
hope that they share with me I know
you'll share with me because I showed my
brownies with you well where did our day
go it is seriously a four o'clock in
here at the Emily and John Sears I need
you to take because the babysitter we
have a babysitter for just a little bit
and it's four o'clock I thought it was
like noon so we have a little Valentine
card for Grandma and we have a few
little brownies in here because I know
that she wanted to try these so we've
got some brownies and the cards that
well I think if grandma tomorrow is 34
it's time for the date I have everything
set up at least I see and
flipping bar
I know seriously I looked at the clock I
was like I have so much to do like I
have so much to do to get ready but I
think it's all set up downstairs now
wait wait wait I want to make sure that
like the present a dr. bot Augsburg I
want to make sure the presentation is
complete don't you move that pretty
little face I'm in double technicals
inconel bad I thought the Hat Society I
know these guys it is like all I want
like we like to cook we're getting in
the painting this is a Bob Ross table so
we're gonna pay the long with Bob Rock
okay that fun it's all blah blah no I
couldn't find an afro so it's not going
to be as authentic Hank will you paint
with me yes you guys know would you guys
remember when you were coming along with
us and we built the house and my
grandma's painting is upstairs guess who
taught her how to bake Bob Ross Bob Roth
tell my grandma hi getting real and I
have a blog Ralph grabbed a painting I
got a room and now as you will have your
own Bob Ross painting early first
edition and then we might get a little
bit better I'm so pumped you're ready
for this are you saying yes
okay you ready mm-hmm
we got all our colors we got our canvas
ready and we're gonna get rockin with
some Fela blue
mid painting update how are things god I
thought I was good and then we did snow
yeah I'm like the one comment that we
make over and over again is like how did
he do that
Facebook do not just drive does ever say
so and I thought you didn't believe I
know his he's really good I have paid
all over myself I don't even know how
that happened
yours is turning out amazing he said
like use no pressure and I feel like
you're doing so good I have never been
one to follow directions and is no
different notice I went to get the kids
to put into bed and I was like okay I
could do my own thing for a minute came
back and thought wow mine turned out so
much better than Jared just kidding what
is not mine and it wasn't too shabby I
thought you did your sky really really
well in your mountains well I think the
hardest thing dry trees look like Hawaii
trees once you have like a color on
there it's hard to like do like the
highlights so this is oil paint I have
like all of this and it just turns into
like the dark green I'm like well I want
yellow in there so I try and put yellow
on there and my breasts turns all green
and stuff and what was hard is this oil
paint so stick I just thought the
acrylic is so much easier work with that
maybe I just need to get used to this
book I'd put something down and it would
cover it up and I'm like ah I thoroughly
enjoyed this this was so much fun and I
mean like know half of the painting
looks really good that half looks great
it's blended and very smooth pool
Jackson goes poop on me only which part
I'd go something in that Lake yeah I
took the novel okay ready yeah you do
you do pass the butter butter it up baby
I hope this turns out as good as you
on our date it's gonna be fun to be
really good because you're always hungry
at midnight and there were starting at
ninth about as long as we took a break
them put the kids to bed it took a lot
longer paisa
yeah we've been painting all night you
know how long it's been Bob Rost to
paint that twenty minutes really you're
like no pause no hot that paint was hard
to work with though the brushes if we
had more brushes that what a flop yeah
and I think that's one of the things as
people don't realize he uses a lot of
brushes and that makes a difference but
his trees how does he do that he's
amazing
but Jarrod is getting dinner going I
want to show you I've showed you a ton
of times but this is my grandma's
menorah for painting
she had it framed and everything her
trees look so good oh grandma I'll get
there I'm young still I'll get there
grandmother looks for good I think it
looks great
Holly well I think we were so hungry and
excited that we didn't even wait to like
show you guys the plated version we're
just like let's stroll down and eat it
is it good
the best Valentine's Day no I see every
year we are going to like can make
something yeah I think that's a great
idea dinner together I love it nothing
like a movie before bed doctor Strange's
that we just watched I think I knew see
a second time because my mind is still
kind of like one is open
what a perfect Valentine's Day think is
my favorite yeah I loved it was so much
fun thank you guys so much for hanging
out with us on our Valentine's Day we
hope you have a wonderful Valentine's
Day and I think that's where we're going
to love today thank you guys for all
your sweet messages event yeah seeing
your comments and your tweets and it's
been very sweet and heartfelt and thank
you thousands and thousands of messages
thank you guys for your support thing
this time and we will see you guys
tomorrow bye
