his laugh kiss I had and I aim to call
so I like how to deny it for him No
I am almost ready for the day do I look
a little off at all if you look at my
eyes you'll see what I have mascara on
and one eye does not I told you guys
during the holidays I found this mascara
at a sam's club called sticky stick
mascara this is my second tube and look
at how crazy of a difference it makes
I'm just getting ready to kiss draw
phase ready dress for the day and be
happy yeah kids are ready for today all
I'm doing is doing eyebrows listen to
our mascara lipstick that's what I've
been doing usually do not like
throughout the week and then two days
make me go like really get ready and I
love it I love like a clutch make that
my routine and I love it and I still go
just go get my other eye on if you look
at your round twos
it's not really brown anymore looks
pretty good some days you wake up in the
morning and you have a full list of to
do's and this morning I woke up and we
can't sold all of those because we
decided to just go and visit and be with
family I just have a really bad headache
from last night and the kids have been
cute just being around the house playing
but we are going to pack up penny and
the kids and we're going to go get a
cookie and a duck buffer and we're going
to go visit grandma great and Grandma
and Grandpa I even think grandma grandma
meet them are going to come so you get
to see all of your grandparents today so
it's pretty special if you love all your
grandparents
it's cool that they're all friends huh
my hands and fall you kids coming I
think it's cute you brought your car so
don't be sad tell my hands are full
come here can you talk I know he's like
I can't bring my special track time on
me help you I wanted to see a little
real sweet cookies and hamburgers we're
here
hi yep they're coming hi peg we feel
good JC Oh Peggy you can run free we
have a bed back here at Grandma's house
okay Jason yeah you hear her whining
come on Danny you can get there our
study dog used to jump up on top there
was a wood census you'd jump up on it
and stare at the neighbors huh let me
pour all right over the fence if she
really wanted my it feels so good to be
outside and it feels good that we have a
fence with her to run mom any anytime
two to six weeks we get a fence right
above the grid
Rahmi went down yummy throw it thank you
how much I would subscriber olya
thousand dollars the last liquor
shilling
well does it feel just a little bit like
summer right now even though it's
February it's really good it's just a
really really beautiful nice warm day I
think when we pulled up here it was
fifty degrees who are like let's sit
outside and enjoy this beautiful weather
oh she is thrilled right now Oh Nick you
are weak girl yep and you can run the
whole yard length what's crazy is when
she was a puppy we could just let her go
and she wouldn't leave the property you
know but now she's she's getting wiser
you know she knows where to go she knows
there's a couple other dogs in the
neighborhood she wants to say hi to and
what she's loving this forever
yeah oh yeah I didn't bring any plastic
bags with you but thank you you just got
to build it again okay buddy sometimes
those things happen oh so cute Jackson
do you think that's funny it's very sad
well okay static and who gave you the
camera and did you need more film and so
who's gonna get it for you for your
birthday right ah you know Aunt Linda
I'm going to get you film okay I'll get
you filmed okay I'll buy you mushroom
I'm right here do you know who was who
that was it really
what am i doing I met mom's house and
I'll buy you more film for your camera
okay what you haven't liked it fine I'll
get you a blanket - okay hey Linda who's
your favorite niece okay what's on your
okay who's your favorite niece Linda
you're smarter than your luck aren't you
that's funny
who's your favorite brother okay all
your bread all of them we're talking to
Aunt Linda aunt Linda's you guys
remember as my dad sister and she was
here for Christmas I had fun with you at
Christmas what did you find
he was searching all through the kitchen
you happy how long has it been since
you've had one of those huh look at the
that is satisfaction right there he's
doing it huh oh my god ha ha he got four
do you know how yeah oh my god I never
he was so addicted to that look at he's
like moving as he's dancing around
oh my gosh daddy was here I took him
down and putting the bed and I land up
with him and he had his hands up there
and he is just kind of moving his hands
around and so I pulled his hand out and
just moved it the well had some in there
who did away and he's fine felting
without it I thought okay that's pretty
good I've never seen no he doesn't
really do it oh we might have a problem
on our hands now mom funny yet is he so
more attachment beekeeping Jackson
he was actually easier to take his BP
whenever I was in the blog my dad's like
it's fun and it was fun and then he did
great
yeah that's funny yeah well and now he's
our best sleeper like that and I said
that the other day like what a night and
day difference I'm sure you remember
Ellie calling you they like what do I do
with this kid and now he's just like I'm
going to bed
yep I'm going to laying down go to bed
13:14 Mertzes zero faith an awesome boom
whoo cold cold cold cold here we are
we're home well you're home we're home I
hope it doesn't say this cold we've had
all this snow melts and now I don't want
it to come I want some snow I don't want
to know no I know but it must be nice to
rest of this week don't finish that
sentence I can't bear to hear and so I'm
thinking I was it was a wild honest and
it was fun yeah we had a fun time in the
car driving and everything we didn't end
up visiting grandma she wasn't feeling
very well today so she said she wasn't
really out for a visit
we'll come down again she actually got a
cell phone for her birthday so I have
been tasked know a smart oh he's always
had cell phones yeah yeah smart phone so
I have been tasked with teaching her how
to use this I have got some things in
mind and I used to teach classes about
this kind of stuff so I feel like I'm
prepared for this type of thing but okay
I'm going to get these kids in the bed
thanks for hanging out again guys
appreciate it okay I love you laughs
kiss
pickles so I like house ID for him no I
have never made a blog where I have had
to announce or tell you guys of a loved
one passing away the last few days I
haven't really known how to say it cuz I
want to say it in such like a respectful
way but I just haven't really known how
to just say it I was planning on maybe
even talking about this when I was with
my mom and I just didn't I don't know
it's just different and with us vlogging
our life this is a big part of our
family and our life and we've shared a
little bit with you guys and but my
sweet aunt Sonia has passed away I was
thinking in the car on the way home from
visiting my family Calvin is almost 2
and when my mom my mom went out to visit
my aunt to help her when she was in the
hospital for a while and that was right
about the time I was having Calvin and
she had gone out there she's out there
for a few months that her and my aunt
song him they came back to Utah for my
aunt lives with her my mom took cover
for a few months along with my mom's
siblings as well my aunt and uncle's
have helped a lot and then you know she
was able she was doing really well and
got into remission she had stage four
colon cancer and she was able to move
out of my mom's house and you know live
her life and then she got sick again and
she ended up passing away and as my aunt
was passing away they knew that she'd be
passing I just think all the stories
I've heard is just actually really cool
not even abled or going to be able to
share a half of them but one of them is
my mom is my mom and uncle were talking
to her about planning her funeral and my
mom's like did he want to talk at your
funeral she sat and saw and told him and
what do you want this romana and she was
able to kind of help be a part of it and
she wasn't scared she wasn't she just
knew that everything was going to be
okay and my Aswang a meant a lot to me
because because growing up
I had so many wonderful and services in
my life my family is very close all my
cousins all my aunts and uncles and I
grew up with my aunt Sonia just down the
road and I grew up with my cousins and
you'd go to look good together we play
together we have sleepovers
I just have wonderful memories my aunt
is the reason why I am the way I am but
my view to the nephews like you guys see
me be a mom you see me be a sister but
you guys have seen maybe an aunt and
does why how I am and how I parent and
that is why it's because of my aunt
Sonya's influence I love all my aunts
and uncles and they all have a big role
and the way in the way I am the way Who
I am but it's specifically my aunt Sonia
because I was around her so much
especially in the summer is just how
good she was to be in how sweet she
wasn't how loving and I just loved her
laugh and she thought I was goofy she
always thought I was fun and just I
really loved I love her and I love my
mom and my aunt Sonia was my mom's baby
sister and they had such a good
relationship and my mom taught me a lot
by being her sister and she just taught
me about it doesn't matter what happens
in your life
no matter the struggles none of the
trials no matter if you're struggling
with faith or not like you love you love
and you forgive and you love and it's so
grateful and I'm so grateful I'm just so
grateful for the life that she lived and
I love her very much
I am excited to see my family this
weekend
um funerals it is sad but it also is a
time to reconnect and I am so excited to
see my cousin's in my aunt and my
uncle's and to kiss them and hug them
and reminisce and talk so I'm looking
forward to seeing everybody thank you
guys so much for watching this is a
weird thing it's YouTube is still just a
very strange thing and we have decided
to share a little portion of our life
with others and I'm grateful that we
have the opportunity to and thank you
guys for coming along thank you for your
well wishes I love my sweet mall and I
love my sweet amp'd and I will see you
guys
