but guess what I'm making black bean
brownies please tell me there's a little
talk showing though it's in it black
beans no chocolate speed age no chuckle
yeah cocoa powder
Oh a little sugar I like that ha ha nice
extract baking powder and start
chocolate cocoa chip to the top yeah
good morning and happy Sunday we are
doing something rude like a fun look at
my cake chair Wow
what we are doing is we have had these
little Bell camera that prints these out
forever and I've been wanting one of
these little books to put it in and Jer
and I got this like a few days ago when
we're out and about so we're going to go
through all the pictures and we're going
to be really picky we're going to keep
the nicest one this is the first one
that's going to go in it's all Ian
Jackson and we took this or actually
Brian took that and gave it to us
forever go so we need to put this in its
folder so it stays nice and safe okay
but guys that just seemed like it was
yesterday
look at that they are huge now
okay Calvin where's your car okay ready
1 q3 right great good cow put here
Calvin please your heart you're the
winner
Calvin I want you to race it like you
were doing put your car on the ground
and reset ok push your car it doesn't
work it was so funny
Jackson was racing and Calvin was hand
pushing it all the way all the way down
you are and now let me see a monster
truck I'm gonna blow you both out of the
water we'll see who wins
ok 1 2 3 what you specify car ok bring
it back ready 1 2 3
oh crap
gosh dangit I it's pretty rare that this
happens and I just wiped it off so you
can't see it very well it was like
Niagara Falls
it was just like went like crazy we just
happen people come over from our church
and just like chat and visit and
everything they're probably here for 30
minutes or so and I cut myself before
that and I was holding up like a paper
towel to it the whole time and it's
still bleeding like I don't know if
that's like a deep cut or what but gosh
like using with how often I shave I
would be good enough I would cut myself
shaving hmm it looks so minimal now
which is a good thing maybe I clogged it
up enough but this has one minute left
can you smell how yummy
oh my god no so that what is it
where is an almond our little weary
blueberry oatmeal being oh so good for
me and my family the number one go-to
treat after church are rich crackers and
salsa and my parents are coming over for
dinner tonight and so I had to have that
ready and out because that's what like
my parents and my family and my life
siblings we all do
oh I don't I wouldn't say we do it every
Sunday I want to make sure I have that
ready for when mom and dad I don't know
it's just kind of like something I am 18
are you ready for this yeah oh you just
like a weekly recipe going I just want a
portrait I got my weekly recipes going
on making a nice chocolate chips they're
chocolate oatmeal stuff is supposed to
be good like corn chowder but guess what
I'm making it is called black bean
brownies or done like is there please
some of those little talk going nuts in
it a little chocolate black beans okay
no chocolate seed egg no chocolate yet
cocoa powder okay uh-huh a little sugar
I like that ha ha make extract baking
powder and start chocolate cocoa chip to
the top yeah whoa I have no idea if it's
gonna get it sounds disgusting but I
thought well Charlie it's almost like a
smoothie challenge Wow yeah got some
good stuff and you got some messed up
and mixed together it might be okay yeah
can I tell you something I really
appreciate you taking the time and
making recipes
hi-yah can I tell you what I don't
appreciate is you hound in my leg Oh
Benny that is not for your racing okay
it for the car okay the cars are going
to raise that come on come on thank you
my man
piece here yes everyone has now peace on
them
saw I love no opposite good sauce we
didn't say how did we teach her that we
didn't he just he just come on I guess
so she's been really good like a good
girl and guys I can I know I said nest
but can't wait till we have grass yeah
hi inside but I've got to be nice if you
read my hair out like don't do that I
can't wait to have grass because she is
just gonna love it and eat it me taking
up the not very far like little could
walk up there a lot so I think we'll do
that later his name shapes weathers Gus
it's just going to be so fun to run in
our own backyard
oh so excited look sounds good you guys
are
why are you so cute hey where you get
nursery today do you know it's not nice
to take toys out of kids hands
yeah that's not nice huh but we share
with our friends huh yeah he did pretty
good the kids did really good today I
was in a state of fun she's back she's
on her phone she's lost with you I'm
kids did great today I was in there see
to be in there to see how they active
and it was interesting to television
will it have anything against me who is
off playing Jax is by my side
you're my sidekick huh yep challenge and
the brawler's okay you just bend over
like yeah you ran up to her yelling at
her don't yell at her we can yell at her
we should be not even another one beer
or cracker Oh sweetheart you know Graham
afraid sure thank you thank you thank
you for my happy birthday talk okay bye
bye Oh counselor today I feel like you
ha ha hi I'm Calvin today I do with your
loving and daddy good calling grandma
you guys are you guys are the best
you're ridiculous but you're here with
us I am sitting here getting all of my
footage organized from the guys trip
which hopefully should be up on my
channel right now on link to it down
below and in the iCard and everything
but I'm just so excited organizing all
the clips and I tweet out you know
getting bumped and excited and
everything I have to stay up all night
end of this video I will and people are
already betting that I'm going to pull a
Jarrett and how many jurors I will pull
tonight thing I'm trying to edit this if
you guys don't know when I pull a Jared
that means I fall asleep while I'm
editing because I do it all the freaking
time Ellie how many Jared's do you think
I'm going to pull editing the guy's trip
tonight well 10 is value you may not
pull many heck you'll be nibbling on my
toes and maybe you could stay up with me
and
help me stay awake unlike evidence' like
do something like watch The Bachelor on
Americana
I'm timing my this week's food on Sunday
night I always permanet sweets food and
videos and I think usual on Tuesdays I
think tomorrow I get to film and the
embodied into cooking video
what's Nellie Bonnie Billy yes because
it's Bonnie's recipe and I want it and
since it does it that's cool up awesome
I was trying to do a voiceover for you
penny and usually went on crazy on the
camera yes you did I hit the record
button machine exactly was going to
happen I think the face in her look oh
hi guys we just had a really great day
like oh my Billy's question lon it was
really good I ran outside and I played a
good on but now I'm just hanging out
with my mom and dad we're having a good
night just relaxing yeah because I'm a
good pop I'm a good pop my head I like
to look in the wall hahahahaha I had
hurt so bad right here that I have to go
to bed to myself did you know that you
have there's an acupressure point
alright what else right here I heard
expensive okay no if you put your hands
and cold ice penny I'm listening it'll
help your headache I don't know I just
need to go that isn't that I think we
stopped listening about acupressure
point when honey see she's crazy
she has an addiction ripping hair out
right there I think if you well you say
that I've done it I disappointed right
there for like five minutes
Oh like that I would I don't know I
think it's true Oh No thank you very
pretty page say good night Oh
so it's a lie girl did you see that yeah
she tricked me she went around and then
came over that was naughty okay night
guys watching guys having a wonderful
great start here we can we'll see you
tomorrow no I hope you guys had a happy
Sunday bye she did okay
