then we can have some popcorn and dr.
pepper and you know just like the huge
stop I saw that I saw that in your eye
father
yes get in for goal and you're digging
for gold sister su trying to be funny
while you're filming I wasn't really
picking my nose
you
that is hilarious did you put your
vacuum with my back and go you did well
thank you to me hi baby you need me you
miss me heard you left the truth
oh hi hi how are you thus I say hi to my
girlfriend okay daddy boy you know you
had to get them yeah love you how are
you today
he's a wonderful Jackson so good today
good stuff like just he's been an angel
today I'm so proud of him that's awesome
very good point good you've been a good
girl she meant a very good house feels
clean oh my goodness literally they
helped me was wonderful good so I can
walk today guys I treated a lot and I
was like I'm not walking today because I
just needed to get the house clean
but on Instagram I was doing tons of is
the story that was her to be gone by the
time the blog of that but that's what I
did say I thought she does but your home
I'm home and
I would love to do what I would love to
give a change minting and like me to get
a hot tub or something would that be fun
yeah that was a fun there's still two
thousand balls in it even more fun
mm I meant more fun days of two toddlers
as happy can be long and tiring
sometimes and I feel like this last like
two weeks have been more rough than
normal but today sousou's just so
rejuvenating like it just was really
nice to just be with the kids like
cleaned aside we watched movies together
we went over grandma Grandpa's house we
went on ice cream Kacper will show you
guys something that Jack and I worked on
while Calvin was asleep and it was this
room it is now completely empty there's
just maybe there had piles of stuff or
we're still figuring out where to put
that but we used to have just piles of
stuff and it was so dirty so dirty up on
top but but finally is cleaned out and I
put just some of like our craft stuff
especially our activities my half of the
girls so just craft stuff here and then
I also want to I want to officially get
into painting like and I want like a lot
of these covers to have stuff for me
like crap stuff like I want in here to
be my painting I'm not very good evening
but I've done a few that you guys have
seen I really want to get into that so
that was my goal on my project
I would show you Calvin but does the
regularly intolerance rumen accidentally
waking him up well I've got some bad
news
we need to fucking Lauren what that's
what the song should do with our I know
so the chemicals are not balanced in the
hot tub the chlorine is like done we use
the flippin frog system and it has two
pieces there's chlorine at the top and
something else at the bottom and you put
it in there and just let it sit and it
sits on the blue part and then once it's
all done I want you to replace it it
flips over they say it's supposed to
last a lot longer than it does and it's
made for like cool sides not just big
hotdogs but like cool size stuff so I
don't know like what the dealio is I
don't know what the issue is you can't
do any chlorine based things if I don't
know maybe I'm something missing someone
else Lipton frog but I've been following
all the directions the hot tub people
have told me to do I don't know maybe
it's time to try something new it's kind
of frustrating because we can't just
like go into the sit in the hot tub like
whenever we want we have to check it and
balance it and do all that stuff a lot
more than I thought we would love the
hot tub but there's more maintenance
than I thought there'd be well and we're
movies we are newbies yeah of course
yeah we're still learning so I don't I
don't want to seem like I'm kind of
complaining I'm just talking about the
process oh really
I'm happy like she's good but she's
still a puppy and as I said go what are
we doing here I can't believe she lost -
I know I don't know what can I put on
the calendar and now I don't know where
it is oh my gosh one of the kids
probably took her they're like check one
in my mouth I did that what you said no
oh I don't know where okay there's no
one girl you can hear well and that's
the thing is I you know a lot of people
the little puppies lose baby to him and
they get adult teeth just like we do so
that's pretty cool
so I'm sorry we can't give them hot tub
tonight we'll have to figure something
else that we can do for the remainder of
the evening
maybe there's a television shows we can
watch
and we can have some popcorn and dr.
pepper and you know just like the huge I
saw that I saw that in your I saw that
yes big infer go like you digging for
gold sisters ooh trying to be funny
while you're filming I wasn't really
taking a toss you guys are probably
thinking like chairs what the heck have
you been doing the past day and a half
like why are we seeing that right now
well I want to do something special with
it I took a lot of footage and I use the
drone I use the GoPro and it was like
Tina almost two full days worth of
footage I wanna do something special
with it and I'm even thinking about
whether I'm going to put it on this
channel or my personal channel just
because it was just like me and the guys
having a good time and it was filmed a
little bit differently than a daily vlog
I didn't talk a ton like it was a vlog I
just kind of filmed and just had a good
time so I think I'm going to say this I
think I'm going to make you the
executive decision right now Ellie with
your approval I'm making a stand if she
says it's okay I'm going to put it on my
channel it's going to go on my channel
and I'm going to edit over this weekend
so look for on Monday okay
I think alike yeah in my head I was like
it would be best
yeah so look for on my channel Monday
and hopefully by 9 a.m. the same time
our daily blog goes up okay
you
well that math was refreshing I'm
singing today I think I got my glasses
when I was in sixth grade fifth or sixth
grade is when I got classes and I think
it was fourth or fifth grades I noticed
that I had a hard time seeing the the
board at school and the teacher would
write something on the board I had a
hard time so I requested through like
sick cultures of the board so I could
see it never seen and then later on I
think junior high towards the end of
junior high or the beginning of high
school I was like I would love contacts
I mean glasses were great and all but
like doing sports and everything like I
hated having glasses like playing
baseball I didn't like having glasses
playing basketball didn't like glasses
football didn't like glasses contacts
would make that so much better and
contacts are awesome like I freaking
love contacts but they're either really
really really great or they are the
worst things in the world and if you
have contacts you probably know exactly
what I'm talking about there are some
times where you have like the tiniest
little like miniscule thing you're
contacting when you put it in you just
go through like this enormous pain and
you can't even describe it it's like
you're in the seventh dimension of the
underworld and you firin things are just
destroying your eyeball that is the
worst ever but then other days your
contact her like the back I'm talking
about this all because I had a dream
two nights ago or three nights ago I had
a dream that penny licks my eyes I saw
penny licks my eyeball and I could see
without contacts or glasses and I was so
happy and so thrilled and I was like
pennies thank you so much I remember in
the dream I could feel the texture of
her listen phone picked my eyeball and I
could see and it was just the best and I
was just thinking man maybe it's time I
get like LASIK or something and I don't
know have you guys ever done LASIK or
what are you
were you worried about it like how has
it been afterwards
I'm definitely thinking about it because
just before from my glasses on I
literally just put them on not too long
ago my right eye was like super blurry
even with the contact on my left eye was
perfect it was starting to get painful
because it was so blurry and then the
difference in my eyes was bothering me a
lot but so that was just something I was
thinking about like have you guys ever
done LASIK have you ever had your dog
lick your eyeball and did that help at
all ah I know it's late at night I'm
tired I'm singing of crazy things well
guys I think that's going to be it from
us tonight make sure you're following us
on the Instagram to see the Instagram
stories that we did over the weekend and
also be sure to check out my channel
I'll have that video posted probably on
Monday so thanks so much for watching
guys we will see you next time bye
