how sweet is she like hi honey
she is so cute her outfit I'm like I
know I know I can't believe they have to
change I guess I can't oh my god didn't
even realize how soon it wasn't
beautiful he had hi chickie well good
morning guy I was preschool what was
your favorite part about preschool I
preach chili tell me one more thing
about preschool what did you do in
school ice cream did you guys think what
okay well Jared is off with the boys
they are doing a little overnighter so
it's not kids we was on a few days it's
just to say that today that you guys
won't see him so I'm really glad that
jared was able to go on this little
overnight or with the boys and he that
they're going to have fun it's gonna be
cold it's raining outside and I really
want to get penny a bone she loves bones
it's crazy how fast they go through them
like I get the right one so we're here
trying to find a bone and then we're
going to go and grab a little snack with
the kids
all right guys hi are you ready for a
little house update well we talked to a
fence site about some quotes I don't
know what it is about my boots that she
loves but you cannot bite my boots girl
but you can write you can buy desk you
can might just sit sit
come bite that we talked to sub sky
about a fence quote a while back and
then we went and solidified the kind of
sense that were to get and they can do
it anywhere between two and six minutes
depending on the weather
and so I'm hoping it's near them later
but we've been able to manage pretty
okay with painting out here we have lots
of dirt
lots of mud I should say the snow is
melting you can finally see the rock
skies when you're all the way up there
the summers would be amazing with all
the graphs up there I cannot wait but I
need to be very happy to have a fence
and grass and we're going to be excited
for that too but with the winter when
she's poop you just like let it be it
was that raining and it's so gross and
when the guys come to work here in the
next unlove six to eight weeks on the
yard the merchants want to hike around
so I just went in the rain and shoveled
as much as I could into like two piles
and we're going to start keeping up on
that so it's not gruff so we just kind
of let it be with it being so cold but
it's so good outside right now it's just
raining she likes my dude and she likes
to my boots
you're just a stinky dog right now
stinky and wet ready girl ready okay
okay can you get it can you fight that
no it's right by you
cuz she don't find it I can earn over
there get it get it get it
good girl thank you baby oh good girl
come here come here good girl you got it
okay ready but not my goat again okay
ready set go
you won't cut could you to get hey
grandpa said you had bad breath last
night I liked your breath too smelly
is your breath oh I was last who's right
where's my nose
you guys remember yesterday when I said
we are having activity days it is at
church where all the eight-year-olds
come over we do an activity well today
it was very very hectic and stressful at
first but it ended very nicely because I
had both boys at my feet like crying and
penny was barking but it ended up
turning out really good so we have like
eight girls show up and they did the
cutest and this is alleged I have Olivia
country because come on my knees can be
involved to you so cute I'm glad that
you're here
sure you just needed to act for them so
it was good so I always have Olivia
comes in my activity days and then the
girls help Jackson make this so Jackson
started painting at night Janice and
what I love is all Jackson wanted to do
with hammer a nail in here so he kept
hammering holes and then he'd take the
nails out and keep trying to hammer and
there was one that was left like that's
cute I'm cp920 okay it was so fun I'm
still of everyone came and it turned out
good and you guys are here to hang out
excuse me what did you say as I can I
said I expect tonight now because my
cousin Amanda's here the doctor said no
you can't yes I can the boys are gone so
my cousin Douglas Joel yeah so my
husband I don't know the boys are gone -
Jared families Talib they are whole
Daris and the other night that they're
snowmobiling so we have a house full a
kid that everyone is playing nicely as
of right now everyone still pretty good
we're just hanging out what are you
thinking Jackson are you a little just
tired right now
you aren't Maui from Boston well when
he's done so every time Boston has a toy
Josh seems like I really plays that one
and then they like have a tug of war
with it so you just had a tug war with
one choice oh that's great well Boston
sent and then you can have it when he's
done and not get Nessus we seen how
sweet is she like
hi honey she is so cute
her outfit I'm like I know I know can
you go say hi to Brooklyn keep you
higher the baby Calvin hit the baby
that's right
earlier Calvin was like lovin on her and
hugging her it's so fun having a little
girl around here you only have her and
Olivia so it's about time we have
another girl in the house hanging out
really loud
yeah the kids are in bed selfies are
done we've got food tandoori oven and
use your just so God when we got penny
all I wanted was what she lost a baby
tooth
I'm here to see it and today I play a
tiger or Sarah she tells off the tooth
so yeah it's kind of high growl sound
like being on the counter but we'll wash
it - hunter - I cannot believe that it
looks fake did you think I've had
technique look at that I'm so excited I
got to tell you something did you know
that you don't eat it please do you know
you lost a tooth
do you see this tooth that's yours
that's your - Kenny there you want -
dude look at this my or did you freeze
myself she loves me and I think that is
so cool bit that time now do you have a
good day everyone else is asleep
yep it's your turn good night cookie hey
Dad
all right guys if you are watching this
give it a big thumbs up and feel free to
subscribe as we do the video every day
and that means that I was able to
somehow successfully figure all this
stuff out - this is what journeys with
us so penny I'm not I'm not Jarrod but
you can sit at my feet
Oh Morgan well bones you were just gonna
go through ok see you guys tomorrow
my
