we'd be meeting with all pensioners
after my meet with my cutting hey I'm
happy with I don't know who I am
hey bub you jumping in muddy puddles
yeah good morning guys Calvin penny and
I are back here and the canyon just
having a little fun getting some energy
out I have a little new harness on Penny
and we're going to see if we can get
some cool pea ovx in from the puppy and
we're jump into money little Ellie and I
have talked over and over again how
about how we don't take advantage of the
beauty that's around us so I am making
it a goal to come out here more
especially now we have the dog penny
wants to run out and explore this is
such a huge vast area that she can
explore so we're going to do all of this
we're going to have a little fun and
we're going to jump in somebody puddle
oh and we're going to sit in muddy
puddles oh no okay Oh jeepers that's
going to leave a web mark what did you
say
Oh would you say that was ever done yeah
there she goes
Oh
are you making snow angels no oh no
there's the thief on the loose
she took your glove right out of your
hand chili dog
hey Baba nah-ah so this is where we did
like the DJI shoot when we were filming
that day he wanted to use a park bench
but it didn't work out mostly because
there was way too much snow and to give
you an idea of that how much snow we had
and how much snow is melted this park
bench right here was covered in snow and
you could only see the top of it now you
can see how much has melted away like
isn't that insane
all of the snow and now it's all melting
away contain I guess the weather wasn't
leading me on just played with my heart
a little bit okay
well good morning guys le finally
decided to get ready I'm wearing my
earrings that Matt made for me for
Christmas I just love that Jared and I
have a date tonight and we're feeling a
little festive over here tomorrow I have
activity days for the nine-year-old
girls at church so we have like 14 girls
that come over at reject to these two
times a month and tomorrow I have these
activities plans so we're going to paint
all of these and then like look how
beautiful that color of paint is so
we're going to paint these and then
we're going to nail hammer in a heart in
the wood and then we're going to take
string or rope and crisscross it so it
looks like a really cute pattern so hard
and then we can decorate the bottom of
things or stickers or whatever so that
is so - I thought that I want to do one
before I go on our date just sounded
like a little practice turn to show the
girls what we're going to do so
hopefully I can do that but Jackson are
you ready
taken here we are going to do our
Valentine Day cards for our for our
friends and family so pick them up we'll
go over there and we'll put all of our
friends names on there can you help me
draw names on there okay those are
Valentine cards so we're going to make a
card and we can send it out to Kody
it may be ollie hey maybe Peyton okay
and all our friends and Ryan uncle Ryan
yes let's and went to Anne okay okay so
should we send this one chip tell me
this one is Jacobi and can be picking
out a treat what this one can you write
to me can you can help you at your
sample to CODIS
it is friend get in quack
came up so cut that little and they're
not closed
why I bet and would like cornebise
adventure you find our friend Olivia a
tree right you want yeah a more perfect
Calvin is you and help me right to
Valentines for your cousins huh can you
help me can you grab this hen and well
write down here to card or good job good
fit he did it
so let's our Candy's gone which means
the kids are out of here come we have
Valentine Day cards for families some
for friends and I'm almost done painting
my board over here
hopefully it'll dry soon but we are
talking about how I tell this online
presence well okay so there's the
sweetheart brand or there is the stat
brand you love the better you think so
you seems like a little more like party
no I don't know about tournament like
pretty yeah they are pretty beautiful
arms are thicker and usually softer are
those with poorer ones usually it's a
hard debate one of your favorite so we
are talking about Calvin chicken Georgia
slated down and Jared walkabouts how
does Calvin become how would Calvin be
war sleeper in the world and how did he
turn into a best Weaver in the world we
can literally just go in there but it's
like I love to sit with him for 15
seconds kiss him on the forehead and I
love you it's time the way down and then
he will fall asleep when I got him down
what happened you're good because this
myself I this morning but that's an
exception but he's just been so good
like the first year with so rough on him
in many ways and on us it was really
rough okay
and I thought that things are really
good right now I'm glad that we are all
happy and healthy and we're all doing
well still my ears are clogged with it
and like open these up I was a good way
for tomorrow I can open up now okay
we're doing a taste test because I'm
interested now okay so we've got the
other branches and then sweetheart okay
when you do - yep shocker
mmm very sugary I have the taste of
sugar to me
okay Nell sweetheart harder but for a
year like there's more flavor to it I
think I like that better I think I like
the sweethearts better and I don't I
don't care I want it to be softer I'm
just coming giant teeth that help me
chew and bite and done it means you have
more flavor though huh I like that
what too much flavor rescue Haru Mikey
I'm trying to give it to me pervert you
half of our manuals I will pay the
burden that's okay I volunteer as
tribute
oh yeah yeah they're just too hard okay
cue the pounded oh no I shall click jaw
all righty it is done and I am proud of
myself I think it would have been a lot
cuter if I would have put more strain on
it or if I would have used the yarn so
it looked a little more sick I think
that what is thank you
but Doug Dylan there it is this is what
I came up I didn't come up with it
that's a lie Thank You Pinterest but
this is what I personally did so there
is that and the girls can do whatever
they want tomorrow they can not put any
stickers I can do a small heart in the
corner so there it is you think it's
cute again oh he sees it's a trampoline
too cute I like it ready to send these
out look at all these letters that we
have ready to send up well no one's on
the table
focus all these letters hey son
cereal delivered I'm not and were you
going to say remember the time I took
the card sort of car wash and they first
got it and I got mad you did not was all
me I was so mad and then on top of it
you do need to film it I was good yeah
you know a ball through the sunroof
you're right I literally was so mad like
it was a mad not like that Oh Karen no
no seriously why did you do that I was
more mad at you for doing that than
running the Draenei trailers we got to
get the car clean because we are doing
something special tonight just you and
me my brother and his sweet wife Nate
and Megan got us a really cool Christmas
gift and it is going to be taking place
today that we're celebrating our
Christmas gift tonight so tonight there
is something very fun we are at the Salt
Lake culinary center yeah my brother and
his wife got us tickets to a cooking
class so we are going to cook dinner and
we are going to eat it this looks
awesome
hi look at that yeah all right look at
this kitchen
this is amazing I'm so excited like they
have everything when clarity sampled out
and everything I think they're only like
four other couples of so be like really
cool you know how we've been doing like
a night listen Ron it'd be fun to see
like a cookie right
I couldn't before something like
everyone in our family or something yeah
yeah hmm the wheels are turning the
gears are thinkin I'm ready to cook I
look like a chef you do to shoot that
crazy scruff
here to cook one night and then go on a
manly man trip the next meeting of all
pensioners and after lightly with my
cutting hey I'm happy with my dough
nothing I am unhappy at night
well that night we spent methods because
we made food or we made friends with all
this couple here in exchange and
separate those the funny thing is there
a ferret danger were like we wanted me
friends we were so hilarious and then we
had to talk about YouTube in there funny
crazy stories like you need a lot bath
but it seriously was so fun like I
cannot clean off lots of them thank you
named Megan for the Christmas trip that
was all thank you guys so much for
watching today we will see you tomorrow
you are not going to see much of Jared
the next few days he's going on and mail
me mail may trip in the melon with my
with those friends of family yeah for
the family so I get the fudge for later
but see you later guys thanks for
watching Bob
