omit what whatever your overall how they
might even happen like their work we've
got a wardrobe malfunction that we've
got a thick right now good morning guys
we are all eating breakfast Calvin
usually hat he sits and eats breakfast
right there so penny doesn't grab her
food but we're all sitting here and we
can see the sunrise in the clouds or
pink the Sun is going to come up behind
that mountain tune all of a sudden were
like well we see pink glasses Suns right
there shut up pretty
yes at night it goes away and you should
have hurry Nate your studio if Calvin
got it
he pennies is going to get it's actually
Calvin don't pull it away calyxes Calvin
give it back to Jackson and thank you
thank you you have your own now hurry
need it please okay Jackson do you know
what today is what's today that's right
are you so excited to go to preschool
good I am excited for you you know I
remember when I went to preschool for
the first time when I was your age did
you know dad was a little boy like you
yeah but not darn near as cute as you
so we've got Jackson's clothes all laid
out right here and his backpack are you
ready to get dressed
oh sorry money calls it a book bag I
call it a backpack that's all the same
thing justice for Ferb okay you're ready
to get your clothes on okay we're going
to get your clothes on and then mommy's
going to do your hair and then you
okay that sound good okay that night for
faculty okay and we got to put some good
stuff in there for for school okay yeah
firk
you
a little crazy all your season you know
how you Cesar
that he or she will eat your shoes on
yeah okay
what is your teacher says Oh Jackson
we're not playing with that right now
come sit over here
who do you do yeah fine then can't you
okay are you excited buddy
are you nervous okay
you're gonna you're gonna meet new
friends and you're gonna meet your
teacher you so excited good
why do you want to go do you want to
learn awesome yeah you learn like it at
school like you do gymnastics yeah well
I think it's only customary that we get
a picture by the door yeah cuz that's
what everyone does yeah it's been coming
up school calendar please cleanse me see
why calling ago cafe going back yeah
Calvin's a little T middle you stay here
with me hum buddy and you're and you and
I are gonna bond and play and experience
things just you and me huh bad I guess
mom can join in too yeah I dropped you
off before me I'll come pick you up
shoes need prayer drugs dad you wanna
say it
okay you start okay hey great color
discuss the I will sneezes for preschool
and and let me go I'll be happy oh sorry
chief
one more one two three slow sorry chief
Oh
Oh Frankie look how handsome you like do
you go hey what do you think good that's
a good one anything you like I said man
you really wanted to bring his car so
hopefully they make it back he is the
father did you hear that Joe can't I
hide you'll mess my hair up every
morning I do the kids hair and I've
never been my ultimate your hair I want
my giraffe exactly smooth it leads to
McCarthy he only his head bot okay funny
such a character gravity crackers will
go so Jackson is at preschool what do
you think about that dude that's pretty
exciting so we are taking our time and
we are using it wisely thanks like
Christmas Thanksgiving I don't know
since we moved in here we've done a few
trips to like clean out the garage but
it is still a hot mess we've got a lot
of cleaning to do so Ellie and Calvin
are going to grab and start cleaning up
a little bit here I'm going to go grab
the trailer so we can either donate
throw away or recycle a bunch of this
stuff that we have what's going on in
the garage oh but don't you even worry
the throne of joy and happiness is still
here we should like make different
things
thank you by the way yeah I gave up the
end of my neighbors and like one family
comes and I'm going to drop them off in
my parents house and I'm not drinking
all this by myself like this is too good
not to share that's a thing right it's
too good not to share okay I'll be back
with the trailer
so I may have made a little boo-boo time
and then a little accident
I may have back the trailer a little too
far and WHAM shoot oh crap how long we
live in this out and how long did it
take to break something in the house
okay it's really not that bad luckily
it's on the corner and we have some
fighting right here some metal siding so
it's really not too bad there's not
really a big hole patching drywall is
not that difficult and especially in
this situation I think I should just I
don't even think I need like tape to go
over it like jointing tape I think I
just take some putty some drywall putty
and smooth it out there let it dry and
stand and that should be good so this
garage cleaning turned into a home
project so I will go to the store W
right back
okay so we give a shot let's do it I've
got this dried X which will premix and
goes on pink and then when it's all dry
is white and then I'll hand it all clean
luckily I just got the sighting so we
should be okay I shouldn't have to do
anything because so I guess I gotta
figure out a little to myself
I imagine there's a lot of people
laughing at me right now where that's
okay I'm doing it we're going to make it
work okay I think that looks pretty good
I put a lot on there so I could sand it
down really good and then there's that
side my theory was you know put some put
a lot on there and sand down rather than
have to putty it again so I put on more
than I probably should have more than
one probably someone who actually knows
what they're doing knew well I think it
looks pretty flat and it looks a lot
better and then we'll send it rain Jared
I like working with you
it is this still so good like this is
rejuvenated me the Sun is out we've not
even needed like coats it feels so good
outside we've been working in the garage
all day it may not look like it but we
have there's tons of crap back there but
I was talking to Jared and I'm even uh
from what her opinion was I think
because the summer were to accumulate
like shovels and stuff of the yard for
yard work
we have a few right now but not a lot
and I think I will hang them right there
so that like I eventually want the
garage to be like all picked up so like
the kids could run or it just to be like
clean but so far
it feels so good it feels good to work
with you living it does it gets a little
tense sometimes shelf well I mean when
you're looking across hey now
poor guys you were back in via forget it
was fun to figure out how to do that
patchwork up right it's a really simple
tough stuff so I hope it looks okay I
mean it'll be great like la should be
great once we get it all the way fixed
good job okay Scott hey you know what do
you say oh how was school good
what was your favorite part twice the
toys today read to you enough did you do
did he sing what you see is ABCD no a
shining County Sun the first thing that
Jackson said to me when I picked him up
voice I like school hi
you had fun and glad and I thought this
would be really fun to go get a special
treat thank you so much that yummy I
miss you I miss you
Calvin missed you too
what whatever your overall how do I even
happen how did that happen right there
we've got a wardrobe malfunction that
we've got to fix right now you one of
all the sixties hold on Rick there you
go now you're decent my goodness hey
Penn hi Vinnie how are you oh just a
good girl oh hi she's doing my hair
that's one of the things that I miss the
most about having a dog at our house
it's coming home and getting that
welcome like a dog is always excited to
see you no matter how long you've been
away and that's what I love right pity
right you're expected you see me you're
excited to see me huh it is the snow is
nothing we are getting hard more toys
the kids aren't in bed and we're just
doing some before bedtime cleaning Elias
sweeping it was a good day we got a lot
done especially in the garage cleaned up
a lot it was warm and I felt like we
were doing spring cleaning and it was
rejuvenating and I liked it and penny is
helping it's not just a Sunday I mean
Jackson had his first day of preschool
and he just kept telling me and Grandma
and Grandpa they talked on the phone
like he's like I liked preschool today
like I had fun I played with toys and
they played with friends and I was like
what friends did you play with he's like
my cousin nope no they were but my new
cousin No
so it's just been a very enjoyable day
today even though I crashed into the
wall oh yeah nope but I fixed it okay so
while I'm fixing it I'm letting the
thing cure anyway thank you guys so much
for watching the video today if you
enjoyed it be sure to give it a big
thumbs up if you are new to this channel
hit that subscribe on we make videos
like this every single day and we will
see you guys tomorrow thanks for
watching
