you look like a muscle man with your
hands on your hips like that don't mess
around with me I'm getting my hair cut
oh my oh cool look at this bro don't you
smile don't you smile young man don't
you even smile one good morning you guys
I hope you are having a fantastic
morning a fantastic day or evening
wherever you are and a little
disappointed I feel like I've been led
on I feel like something happened and
then I've been disappointed the past
couple days the weather has been amazing
it's been beautiful it's been warm above
freezing the snow has been melting and
I've been thinking oh my gosh we're
going to get our grass and sooner than I
thought because the weather is turning
out so great but then no just a jingle
plans the weather decides oh no I'm
going to snow again so we had a few
inches of snow this morning and well I
am a little disappointed it is always
fun to get out on the four-wheeler and
plow the driveway but it is like warming
up throughout the day so the snow is
like really really wet and the snow
turned into rain so all the snow is
really heavy you guys can like tell like
it's just like just sopping wet
so that's stuff oh I've been wet on the
weather led me on Calvin look at me rug
dude he is the other day
Calvin saw me earlier with my hat and
coat on and everything and he said hat
hat and he wouldn't stop until I got his
little hat on look at you look how cute
you are
let's put that on there there there you
go give me thumbs up yeah close it up
that's my cute little boy this kid has
just grown up like I feel like overnight
he has say more words he has more of a
personality he is just fun to be around
I love you little man you know that
Jackson can you come here what did we
just get done doing till you go to
gymnastics today and they miss him so
much too like Jack say we missed you you
missed a few weeks because we are
getting over your cough huh let me see
your sticker you stamp Jax went to
gymnastics we had so much fun he got a
stamp and we are grocery shopping
where's your liquor and he always has a
cart
go get your cart and he always comes to
this car section and he looks at the
cars and I was looking at just some
other baby stuff and I like this store I
like our local grocery store I just saw
like a new product or whatever and I
just looked interesting I always like
new baby products but it's just like a
oil that you put in the bath so I kind
of want to get that and just see how I
like it
no no shoot oh my god I literally turned
my back for one second okay that's
enough
no get out of there go on stand up stand
up sit up let's go come on come on
oh no oh my go they're everywhere
I'm going to miss a clean up lyric back
no stay out of the kitchen stay out of
the kitchen you're just gonna make a
bigger mess
stay on it I get a face I need dad
Thanks I need to come on let's go
let's go out of the kitchen out of the
kitchen okay so we're at my parents
house well before we went to my parents
house I check the mail and I got
something you can see from teespring
I'm very excited about it Ellie we hold
the camera Moyles in this level one very
exciting moment for me
I ordered this from a youtuber I'm
excited about it and I I don't like do a
lot of this up some I did I say I'm
excited so this must be really initial
this was a special Dunton huntin so
anything no turn around
Wow
by the Super Bowl but I like this is
Philip DeFranco sports shirt I just
think it's so funny because like I don't
know maybe I'll give us a map this is
such a shirt that Matt would wear my
brother huh yeah oh yeah in fact you
know what we were talking about we saw
picture of Matt he was wearing a shirt
that dad got when he fought the fires in
yellow banking is fard Wow this is my
shirt I born I wonder how much you paid
for it
I don't know he bought fires I did right
guys I don't think I yeah this is for my
favorite team you know because during
the football game I want them to get
lots of home runs so yeah so I wear my
favorite sport yard so dad and I have
officially started another project now I
don't think it'll be as huge as the
other one but it's something I'm really
excited about something that I've wanted
to do for a long time so let this be the
day the official start date of this
project that sound good sounds great
and I does that sound good in order to
celebrate this I think we should go play
one song in the guitar or just jam for a
second does that sound good and then we
can go finish our errands okay I even
have some errands but I want to play
guitar real quick do you think your
fingers are well enough that I think my
fingers can handle it now get my voice I
don't know we don't have to think well
it will just let the guitar singing okay
good
your daddy plan I'm Jackson Calvin's
Anthony trying to go in like can you
show me how you a self - oh you're such
a mess do it again
you did I heard a little whistle who
taught you that huh yeah yesterday
grandpa was teaching you can you try to
get a whole good job hell yeah you're
getting there hey you having fun he's
kind of having a lot of time but he's
looking good now oh my gosh Ellie can
you believe our little boy is going to
preschool tomorrow oh my goodness what
do you think Jackson are you excited
yeah he's like no Denham watch my show
no leave me alone please
it's so much a surprise oh my gosh like
how crazy is I know it's just preschool
but like it's crazy to me that our kid
on the preschool like that's so insane
to me and I'm so excited I'm so happy
because I remember going to preschool
like I remember when I was a kid going
to preschool I remember my teacher I
remember her name I bet we had two
teachers and I remember both of their
names
I remember no you didn't and I said very
good on it we'll see how he does
I'm not even gonna love it just a fight
at all I'm not I'm leaving some great
young people this is this is a very like
lacks yes is not decision but like we
want him to be comfortable and I mean
golly
recentiy talked about all the time yeah
they're like I don't know I had mixed
emotions right now but like I'm so
excited for because I didn't remember
like I have friends to this day that I
met in preschool Alex and Sean like
those guys are my good friends from
preschool and I'm still friends with
them I mean like it's been a long time
you know
but anyway what that's not the point the
point is I'm excited to Jackson and like
he's going to start remembering this
from this day forward that's what I
think anyway right
muscle man you look like a muscle man
with your hands on your hips like that
don't mess around with me I'm getting my
hair cut
I got my coat look at this probably
don't you smile don't you smile young
man don't you even smile one this is all
right you remember what you pick out a
story today
but was it a walk a robot there got you
got Charlie no way you're not doing oh
that's cool robot bath bomb Vanessa here
take your logic that's so plug now it's
funny you see Monique should have your
own sake miss Carol
oh cool that's what caused the water now
yeah yeah you show me yours counting
again don't eat it hmm
I posted tons about less before and I
remember once I went into the store I
picked up a bath bomb and it smells so
good I was like I wish I could like it
and they're like technically you can eat
anything in our store with cake good but
you could eat it
so don't do that but it's better than
normal so no you just get one right now
we'll get another one in another time
are you ready for preschool tomorrow
you're excited and ready fun huh get
Calvin got be in it no it's not yummy
c2fo food so as I'm cleaning up my mess
I'm bending down to like cut the vacuum
stuff on and my head is like going to
fall off my neck so Jackson had an ear
infection like it ended last week or
something on the beginning of the week
issues on medicine he's doing so much
better he just has like a little
lingering cough then I got an ear
infection and I've been on medicine for
like three days I feel like the pressure
is not out of my ears you look handsome
the pressures on out of my ears but my
ears are still like cloth and let my
hair it hurts but I've been taking
antibiotics and like sudafed or
something and it's just like it is
killing me like I cannot get over this
like it seems like it is lingering so
handsome
turn around so handsome yeah we could
have blended more of it that works
Calvin you look handsome I just
it looked handsome Calvin I didn't even
cut your hair today can turn around I
kind of think I don't want to spike your
hair anymore he looks at you
I've been reading part of all the
roadways we're going to me it looks cute
hey I can't Nelson salad just like
killing me
Jeremy crazy oh oh
goodnight hugs and kisses
isn't that like one of the best things
about being parents like being a mom the
best times we have rough day huh
we're really working on listening and
talking nice
Wow huh yeah you want a nice boy but
we're working on sometimes we get a
little bad your way when you're a bad
habit
later a robot okay super bed this is the
safe you can make Gabby cooking up in it
good night buddy I love you skim coke
Calvin thinking I with his foot so he
kisses mwah you're challenging me Oh
cute little guys good night case you see
it what you're gonna wear tomorrow so
you got your book bag you have a pair of
pants some underwear what shot this is
kind of a warm shirt I walk on when
words are and we should put probably a
shirt under it
yeah yeah how we button up that way you
got some soft something soft under your
skin to on the we're proud brother you
want to wear Captain America or our buzz
from Hawaii under that shirt what shirt
join we're under it that one okay I'll
put that one under it okay okay there
you go
I think that those are your favorite
toys
yes cars come laying in bed with them
okay I just each one yeah now I can eat
them while they're not wife issue on
i-20 I like each would likely like
skinny one egg egg egg retractor my
track
okay I'm climbing bed with your car's
okay okay I know I can do it
I'll put these on the ground okay that
seen girls on the ground down on my back
okay my god-dd I know your clock is blue
which means hey time yeah okay guys
thank you so much for watching today
it's crazy that Jackson is starting a
little preschool right now and you guys
have watched all from when we're trying
to get pregnant with him and we got
pregnant by using Samara you wash you'd
be pregnant you wash him literally be
born and you've watched him grow up
so it's so crazy to me no wonder I've
been crying a lot lately guys this is
weird
hey bud you want my grubby day when Joe
came back by poopy diaper beer ever
