Calvin needs to send some out in
the mail today you're not funny
 yeah all right I have everything
I need
Jackson are you ready Mia grab one more
thing oh she's not a concern me one more
thing
oh it's like they know they're gonna
leave how do you know that oh my gosh
penny worth it on the hug don't you want
one right now you want something I know
I know where your great your dad and
lastly my hair stuff okay that looks
like a suitcase not a book bag these are
book bags up here you see all these
jacks what paw Captain America
turtle oh wow Nick amen you want the
spider-man would ya gonna hold dad
should keep looking in case you see
something else oh ha there's a car
ah look at this spider-man this one
might fit you just a little bit better
okay yeah you get your two bags that
might be a little big this looks kind of
perfect okay I'll put it back you hold
it in your right knee flying magic trick
Christmas who did why Ryan like 2000
Ryan's
toy review yeah why are you gonna get a
book bag
what is it for where are you gonna take
your book bag at preschool oh are you
gonna learn preschool
yeah you are oh my goodness you put it
on and see what it looks like Wow turn
around for me
Wow Jackson are you excited yeah
so Jackson and I filmed a preschool haul
because we ordered a bunch of things
that we are going to be working on in a
session the summer we're reviewing lots
of fun stuff together and that video
should be up today when I filmed that
video I didn't know that I was going to
putting him in preschool but especially
now and Jax talks about school a lot he
wakes up in the mornings and he talks
about he wants to see friends he wants
to see his cousin she seems very like he
would love preschool and associate for
the social part because he's always
asking for friends and so it just
happened really fast
and I had talked to a friend and it just
worked out perfect so you are really
excited hi I'm actually changing my you
uh put toys in there yeah are you to do
okay in preschool yeah I need to treat
you to you and not for the reasons I've
just been a little like off lately it's
just because that's just really just an
activity sir but I'm excited for him and
I'm excited for me I think that this
will be a good thing oh my goodness
you're my good boy
why are you so big Thank You Diane
because you are
I didn't even scare you
I didn't even scare you little man well
it's just me Calvin and penny today
while Ellie and Jackson have their fun
little we're calling in a date I'm
calling it a date there are going on a
little fun date and we've got some
activities to do we've got some chores
to do we got some things that we need to
do before mom and Jackson get back and I
need your help can you help me Calvin
good that's my boy I sure love you I
love this time with you I might counting
one one timeless thank you boy oh no
it's the cars in the water
who I'm including it's called a morph
yeah the grass is warm and fuzzy well
guess what Jackson and I just went to we
went to the left store because ever
since we lived into our house Bonnie and
I talked about doing something really
exciting we're going to do it tonight
I'm excited through that lots and lots
of bubble bars so we are going to do
something really fun but we're looking
at the waterfall and we're getting ready
to go see grandma I think we're to go
cut around this hair okay you want to
help me well galvan got my hands full I
got you in one hand and I got some
crackers other than the other Calvin
needs to send from oh gosh out in
the mail today it was that funny
girl yeah it may not look like it like
it looks really close it's actually
really warm today there's lots of snow
melting which means grass is coming
sooner unless it gets you know really
cold in them
so skin so who are you playing with are
you playing with Marshall where is he
Marshalls got Marshall the doggie and
Jackson's playing with some toys and
grandmas getting ready to come out we're
going to trim her hair there we go not
enough full length full arms read right
there you sure were cute for the ladies
in there weren't Jeff even got a sticker
where to go oh you're covering it you
just want to play with your sticker huh
he was like making him laugh it was so
cute and sweet Georgia packages hey
Marshall likes marbles is that what you
just said checks and asked for the
marbles and he has asked for marbles for
a long time yeah my wife Angela yeah you
cut mom's hair usually flatten out the
corn dip it looks good you can sell
freshened up I love this I love days
like this all day it's been very
relaxing Jackson I have lunch together
and you just been a really good boy they
just love like being one-on-one with you
we're a good listener quiet
yeah quiet day I like it okay can you
not gonna do
that's not a Dorval key knock on it
not like that can knock good job hey how
are you guys doing better good now I
cover myself I see how you guys are
doing hi cow hey you see grandpa you're
like I'm interesting my cookie and that
is all I'm interested in right now you
ever seen me in a t-shirt or not many
people have this is a rare fee for you
guys so you should feel very privileged
to be watching this vlog right now
because I hear my dad in the t-shirt it
is what it is I'm on how are you feeling
oh you're up and out and walking around
is good to see you hey it's my dick hunt
oh no go back grandpa didn't get one no
your hair looks really good it's very
not done today so we just thought we'd
come by see how you guys are doing good
so much good mmm
just working away yeah hard to me come
come to the specific I am going to bed
I'm quitting for the day hey well for
how many hours you put in a normal
weekend thank you good for you know you
know take 2 hours early off well we
finished all the things that we needed
to do today so I thought we'd take penny
and Calvin to the park I'm just gonna
play around for a little bit let penny
exercise and get her leg stretch and
have a little fun I brought the drone
with me but looks like it's gonna rain
like that so hopefully I can get it done
a little bit well see you ready oh it's
pretty windy huh it's beautiful though
look at those guys yeah kind of kiss
no aah ready oh okay take a break good
girl
you
you
and
sitting in this deck on the tub used to
be soon it's raining outside it's like
pouring peace and quiet so when I very
first moved in I laid in here and I was
showing my family how much about might
have and finally the ball down there was
a bad foot like okay and today I went to
the lush store and I spent my money
look at wait where is it where is it
where is it look at the staff ball it
has a silky top again have you tried oh
yes what is it it's like heaven in what
I don't even do this different this is a
negative in this just meets the moisture
appear silk okay so people treat me all
the time what's your favorite lush fall
the butterball my favorite I guess that
could be a similar thing will see I like
it but I bought Stefan's like Molly come
over and want the bubble bath nurses
suits to be appropriate for you guys
rather than nothing well maybe probably
is really missing Hawaii so we're like
um do something warm lovely tropical so
I've got some chips and I have Starbucks
and the drink and this is what we're
going to do this takes two baths but
we're going to use this one and then the
patch are you ready
Oh
okay ready
you guys look comfy that's like your mom
turn it up please okay see you later
girl
