you love Tennys yeah she does especially
when you got chocolate on your face but
if you leak you see licking you oh yeah
penny penny penny penny penny penny
penny penny good morning and how are you
we're still good good morning
are we gonna be good today
not nice just we're gonna go see we're
gonna go see your cousin Chad and
sharing its chewy fat to them up is that
cool
do we talk about that last night what do
what did I say about the bathroom right
away that's my right yeah are you little
embarrassed
the
and you know about the Buddhist and
Watson yes
and when what happened to the holder
typically do okay now don't forget about
the Bartleby stop okay
and wants to go friend would you look
over okay better but it's been your
birthday right
oh hey Russell okay oh no it's my friend
you'll give me three you're getting it
I want to next hi hey my god I was dying
and get to play this and they're gone
two times every is right Jacobi high end
notes do not work the line in there
there's a right leg okay Jules this is
interesting
does that mean you're out
yeah bye Jules cabbie okay okay Russell
one time all right
oh we are brain cleaning early howdy
God in it but it actually got all over
the window I don't even up you can see
there's a crab right there water all
over and I seem to get yellow I am love
you today whoa three times if you get
you
okay Ryan guy yes I want to Mr Justice
are wrong I got here I and I okay the
final two a B versus a le
I always a visa women are not getting my
eyes hi Henry how are you
you got very happy oh he does not want
me to film em so never mind George re
coming he keeps finding me like he'll
just open fire etiquette tires Swabia
Ross
I cannot make a trip down to our old
stomping grounds without stopping a few
Todd this is a poor shock with bell
peppers special special socks oh good
I had learned them forever I wish I have
one in Logan just like I would go there
every single day
when you're in college yeah I'm Miss J
dog so hard that is so good so we got
this so we have and then even got some
ice cream and the jocks make something a
little bit in there for the boys so
yummy such a fun day mom I don't love
being around family this like refreshed
me we just sat and talked in like four
or five hours yeah we we say that's what
we do when we get together and it's true
and it's so fun we have a blast oh my
goodness we made a home that was a good
and long day lots of driving dude dude
cover your mouth cover your mouth young
man yesterday you know we were sick but
today I feel like way way better I still
feel a little bit but I'm Way better
than I was yesterday and Ellie sorry
what you do you love Tenny yeah she does
especially when you got chocolate on
your face silly boy penny how'd the
house do while we were gone did you hold
the fort okay I'm just kidding she
wasn't here she was my mom and dad
grandma grandpa
yeah she really likes them and I like
that she likes them yeah whenever we go
to my parents house or whenever my
parents come here she's always so
excited I know that's how dogs are but I
think she's especially excited to see
them and she loves hanging out there too
so that's a lot of fun with her
did you miss penny today oh that's sweet
who she leaked you keep licking you oh
yeah give her a hug and a kiss
good job okay good night buddy can you
say good night to our friends hey man
could you go find a block Hey
yeah the kaabah yeah go read the car
book
yeah you know why I hired traffic Jack's
in the bed what do I tell you if you
need a bigger brain kit because I always
kept the blank up - because she wants to
be tucked in her lap covering his toes
any work and he loved supposed to be
covered by these are 70 guitarists of
all time uh know what sometimes you get
another big round one mm-hmm the next -
egg yeah he loves his totally covered
and that's like whenever he goes to bed
he's like it was uncovered so he is
definitely outgrowing this blanket Hamid
yeah
so I went out to go get some groceries
for tomorrow some good ol snacks for the
Super Bowl and on my way back I was able
to stop by my parents house and check in
on them and see how they were doing and
my mom is actually doing a lot better
her back was hurting her and shoes flat
on her back for a couple days but we
were able to make sure she's all taken
care of but now my dad is actually not
feeling too good going over there I was
just grateful that I could just drive to
their house and see how they're doing
I'm so glad my parents live so close and
Ali's parents was so close like family's
so important to us and it's just a huge
part of our lives and I'm just grateful
for my family right now as I end the
vlog so it's just something that's been
on my mind so I hope you guys have had a
really enjoyable weekend I know it's
been tough but enjoyable for us and we
are on the mend we are feeling better
we're going to call it a night so thank
you guys so much for watching hope you
have a wonderful day and we'll see you
guys tomorrow for the Super Bowl who are
you rooting for leave in the comments
down below see ya bye
