what is up guys if I go ahead they
refuse with mayor like this no is matter
good the doctor
Khalfan I think it's cute that Calvin
will come down and like just play but
you found a crayon huh
Jackson doesn't usually come just like
play on this on ah that's a sheep yeah
no I'm not going to color anymore you
can color but on what we're supposed to
color on not on these you don't color on
these anything but these are a puzzle we
don't color on those put the crown back
we can color on the coloring book okay
cow this is what we color on huh
coloring left
go start the vlog with me how are you
feeling okay good your ears feel good
yeah yeah you're on the bed
yeah conceal good Calvin sale for that
Jared and I have a cold
Jared has a really bad cold so we're all
on antibiotics and I'm Katherine thanks
close to a bat cold not at all a bad
cold right antibiotics we should be
pretty good for tomorrow - twirl we are
going down to see our niece Julie be
baptized were so excited and so I have
all this food because at the beginning
of the week I have my list that I want
to make up food I don't want any of it
to go to waste
yesterday I didn't cook when I thought I
was so tonight we're going to make these
cashews event soaking in water so
tonight I'm going to make chili cheese
fries but it's like a different way it's
like sweet potatoes and I'm going to
make this until like the sauce it's kind
of weird so hopefully it'll be good
Jackson and I made some bread today and
we have our potatoes getting ready to go
in the oven for lunch so we're just
going to eat that would you know we're
going to eat I pleasure to make suit
violent enough there's only be six so
conversion is really bad outside its way
foggy outside I'm actually much clearer
now than it did it like an hour ago but
the weather has been awful it's cold
we're in the stretch of winter we got
like what six seven weeks left of winter
I know what you're going to do and I
know yeah I not today not to get at me
you will go out to show I also have
water and lemon honey drinks that we've
been drinking case you go watch a show
okay so you guys are coca-cola yeah so
the health doctor
and company yeah I know Texas what
they've done is they've been watching
you so for me they contacted us locally
and we're the local distributor oh my
god oh my god take care that we are
filming yes thank you Jackson hi how are
you
they're cool yeah we're all getting over
calls for have a lazy day let me I'll go
yeah look at that
put it over your mouth oh holy crap on a
day like this is real life I feel so
weird I like wearing our drug like is
your day made oh yeah holy crapola this
is one for the books
my friend down in history as one of the
greatest days of my life in my home hard
work like okay so you've got your
wedding day you've got our kids
birthdays like the days of Earth and
you've got today like they haven't even
seen it yet
I gotta go Sean oh my God look at that
truck full of dr. pepper
yeah
oh my gosh oh my gosh what is a truck
full of dr. pepper like Lukas who are a
dr. pepper initiative my gosh this is
just in time for the Super Bowl
right oh my god you don't agree yeah
yeah thanks guys appreciate it oh my
freaking God but you hold it officer
separate what what rap I have enough dr.
pepper to last me a lifetime
I feel like oh my gosh there's a dr.
pepper party at our house and you're
invited gosh thank you dr. pepper what
is this life that we're living right now
oh my gosh we just filmed with one of
the coolest companies in the world DJI
yesterday and today the next day at our
doorstep dr. pepper drops off 80 boxes
of dr. pepper look what the heck we're
gonna have the late Dale
I couldn't even know if I want to vlog
this but I also know that I'm sure not
the only one that has ever cried while
they made dinner I have some sweet
potatoes here that I cut up I have the
chilly stuff that I made and then the
cashew sauce to go on it and then this
is lentils that are finishing getting
cooking this is from the healthy grocery
girl I've talked about her attend but I
ordered her subscription to show tons of
nails for you but if you don't want to
pay for my youtube channel she had some
there as long as not all the recipes
anyway so I was starting to make dinner
our day has been like the same all day
and I decided to make dinner and I told
myself I was an idiot last time that's
how I cut myself don't be an idiot this
time and I totally don't know how it
happened I cut myself I know like it's
like Ellie could get your frickin act
together again and then I just brought
on the waterworks like I don't know if
it's
we've gone for weeks that like something
awesome and I think it's very normal but
like Jax has just been so snappy and
like it's not white can to be like mean
or sassier talk about nice and you just
bend that way these also been sick so
it's like kind of a combination
everything and like I have a lot on my
mind and so just like a water like penny
will just point the camera at you you're
pretty huh I thought what on my mind and
so like I think as soon as I cut myself
I was like ah great and you know the
water working until body was here she
said I'll see Jackson first few hours of
the night or however so out panting
Union and so that's what sisters before
I know that I've helped Bonnie in the
past my other siblings they've all
helped me so I really appreciate not as
like a bite mark from penny Jenny do
that so I don't know I kind of didn't
know if I wanted to oh my eyes are so
red they are so red but I didn't look I
wanted to film up and now I will be kind
harder not because I might stop because
as I'm like talking and saying it's just
like like I know my sisters have cried
before like in their home and like my
mom is it's just like there's just so
many people out there that's like it's
not doesn't matter what your story is
like everyone can have sad days and so I
think that's why I'm crying harder as
I'm even filming it I just wanted to
show that I'm not the only person that
cooks and cries there's other people
sure but yeah I couldn't even get
through that and I kept crying harder
but it's not that I was like crying
harder cuz it's like oh I'm sad I just
kept crying harder to this light there
are so many people like you know how
many times you think here's the language
of like then home cooking and it's just
weird cause like we filled our life so
it's just a little weird right now it's
not I mean it's not normal to see this
yeah and it's like I know people watch
me like certain people like is that is
reputable is like family or cousins or
anyone's like what are they thinking
here they like really their eyes or
and this is like our story of our life
right now I just feel bad the kids are
just sad
penny sad she sad that Penny's like
something out of the pan I'm sorry this
has been one of those days today maybe
this thing is like I was crying earlier
at all Calvin was like he held on to my
no halt I'm sorry mommy he wanted to cut
out hi what in the world we have more
guests what is up guys hey bud what they
had they refused in my hair like this no
I can't even medic of the doctors hi one
time they have fun playing out over at
their house and you did good how its
skiing today
oh man that's not what's so good it's
like the perfect amount of slush uh-huh
good car you feeling oh I'm hanging in
there I'm doing okay it's weird I don't
ever get like this - so it's - okay I
got to take this off you are out of
control
what do you think of my french fries
good you like on the sweet potato french
fries I'm so glad you like them did you
have fun Aunt Bonnie's for you a good
listener did you place Cody good okay
time for bed are you gonna fear opposing
smell good yeah we're excited okay are
we all better
how's your head huh yeah sobbing
miserable I feel terrible that you're
fine not like I feel bad that I feel god
I know I need to go grab my shoes jump
on the table so I had to closer in for a
minute
until I move all the food I don't want
you jumping on the table anymore so you
have to move on the food let me move all
the food and then I'll let you out
there you go pen all the food is gone
you happy now you won't jump up and get
in the food so earlier today I wanted to
do something fun with all of this dr.
pepper and I set it up in a fun way
after I set up I was just feeling too
sick to do anything but I feel a little
bit better now so Ellie are you ready
for a little photo shoot I wish you take
my picture in the throne of dr. pepper
awesomeness - you can be cute job dad
wants to know if we can have one just
one one case oh now I can joke inviting
drops another
that's hilarious it looks comfy let me
see this in Stars
thank you dr. pepper for recognizing I
know this is fun you've done lots of fun
videos at dr. Parker when I need a lot
of it to do is I posted that video was
my last box of peppers yes I'll show you
thought that was funny job no I would
never have cheers hi sweet girl I've
been in bed like all day so I haven't
had had a chance to really say hi to you
I just treated this as go through our
our local news article and I was like
okay I have a really good day now just
kidding Reggie's good reading her cousin
a grown adult there's an article that a
man his tumor he got rid of his tumor
and so many rude comments about his body
and then people were attacking each
other and I was just like that you click
on their profile they've got four kids
they've got three kids like they're
adults like guys we cannot do that if
you expect not just your kids but kids
in general to be good to each other like
if you can't be respectful like it was
sickening like I just thought all my
worries or whatever I've had I might yet
no never mind like as long as I can try
and teach my kids to be respectful like
that's my goal I just was sad so yeah
guys just because you're behind a
computer doesn't mean you're going to be
held accountable someday so treat others
as you would like to be treated that's
as simple as that and it's very simple
but it's very hard no think about it
it's so simple be kind little bit the
world has a hard time not a hard time
yeah it's also it's something that we
all can do a little bit better at so
that's something and you know just
speaking in comments in general like the
comments on today's video I've just done
like skyrocketing it oh my gosh like
just makes me emotional just thinking
about
like why people watch us and it's it's
very it's kind of been weird glasses um
Karen I definitely talked with each
other today and just both were in tears
at the end of you they're just like
we're just reflecting and it's just
crazy yeah
our hearts are full of gratitude and and
thoughts of the future and everything
and you guys have a big part of that so
thank you very much that's where we're
going to end today's just know that we
are grateful for you guys and we're
grateful for what we have a silly little
dog and our kids you know and we could
not be happier right now but we still
want to make the world a better place
and there's simple things you can do
every day to make the world a better
place
and we're going to try and do that but
for now we're both doctors trying
identify mentality we're both sick so
we're going to go to bed thanks guys a
real see you tomorrow okay
