we'll give this one to Grandma
it's a very rare morning when we are
completely ready doing the dishes
cleaning up and the kids are still
asleep
very very happy yeah I mean it's 7:15
Jackson is usually up by 4
you know like he's sleeping in today
Kelvin is usually so sick he usually
wakes up around 7:30 Jackson is still
asleep like good for you Jackson and
guys I don't think DJ I don't ever know
because I hated to the background
because I believe anonymous not only
does that make up all my scars crap I
covered it with my hair Chanel laughs
and he'll dive ahead to the micro hit
you are so smart and that's why I love
you I know there's a JUnit you're just a
makeup makeup genius look makeup can't
cover it up with your hand
I said my hair back and forth I said my
hair back and forth I surf I head back
and forth good morning good morning
penny has a friend and I want you to say
your name is Edward Morgan okay she is
from France oh yes I love he's been
talking to Calvin and playing with penny
we've got the whole crew here hi guys
it's early so it's kind of like an ocean
kind of quiet these guys are over here
setting up that we got coffee you guys
enjoy plenty plant
I don't know customer got to charge for
that no you got lots of time to actually
thank goodness while Calvin you're eatin
oatmeal and Jackson still Sweet Pea was
crying earlier and our friend Morgan
from France came over and was like just
go don't you know I mean I don't know if
his accent but it whatever you said it
it sounded really cool and you just
stared in but that was interesting huh
we're all these people yeah what's that
it's a camera for all these people
I don't know so people keep on yeah
people yeah well we're all done with
shooting in the kitchen for now and we
have some offices set up his office
number one what's up guys how's it going
and then we've got office number two
we're doing voiceover oh wow this is the
booth this is the voiceover booth there
you go that looks awesome
okay so I'm going in there doing some
voiceover work Yuri and when I say
anything like funny or like just
strictly business quickly there's not
are you helping them down that was the
sweetest moment I know I just missed it
too Calvin was trying to get out of
Jackson village I helped you and that
grant help them down this step please
excited kid yeah let's get in the van
boys I'll get Penny's go go get your
puppy taking me a puppy puppy
pennies live in the snow we're getting
ready to do our little shoot hey girl
be ready Jer has Jackson we're playing
in the snow it actually feels really
good because I mean a few weeks ago it
wasn't miserable like it wasn't enough
fun to come out the kids because it was
so cold but today actually feels pretty
good like look this is so deep
hey guys anybody buddy buddy buddy buddy
she loves the snow isn't that the best
yeah she's like it's your happiness
right now Freddy I'm so this is fun oh
you want him to sit in the back okay
Freddy hold on tight hold on tight it's
so wide out here it's hard to see Jason
is good and turned around and smashed my
head into the microwave let's look at
that like a microwave is uh like crazy
here's the normal and pretest when I get
hurt by was like his best friend he's
been good on set as in he he's awesome
yeah I yeah I know I mean working long
hours he can only do so many backflips
on her living like super request
Eminem's art history class I was making
like chocolate chips a friend he is so
adorable when all this equipment we have
here like we've got heaters because
peers we've got the inspire we've got
the Ronin like this is ridiculous so
much equipment here I'm kind of like
geeking on it's amazing
checking out an adorable what's your
name Patrick Austin Patrick and
right here by your way okay Jackson are
you ready to go down the hill you want
to go faster okay on your marks get set
go
was that good give me a thumbs up yeah
on your marks get set go Oh didn't get
very far I think the path is a little
too narrow for the sled bud try it with
the orange one
Mike no that's one of the things we
learned today but now like you use the
lesson trap that's a rag whoo I can't
tell you like how awesome these guys
were like it was so much fun doing this
shot in the freezing cold like it was
just fun don't you think yes and you
guys came from all over to come to our
house I know so close like oh we can
like utilize their garage see the house
isn't them for something right we get
some use out of it well thanks guys like
this is so awesome thank you for letting
us be a part of this this was amazing
Thank You Heather oh my god guys are
awesome I'm worthless
thank you thank you CJ I don't want your
autograph they want your shirt this
shirt right off my butt and you know
what if you I want your shirt you know
yes there you go this that you rock on
my couch you're welcome see ya we're
coming this is fun we seriously loved it
we're sitting around here at Bonnie's
I'm just picking up the kids thank you
so much Bonnie wash them for a few hours
while we're finishing up our shoot and
she was saying how the boys were
downstairs and things are getting a
little crazy and how you were being
protective of Kelvin they're all yelling
not fighting was there aligned with
until what am I
I'll teach a tablet in my head God after
Calvin he like that's my father hey okay
he's being protective I thought I was
cute
we're sitting here talking about Hawaii
and something that a girl likes today
was Morgan from France he she had asked
about if we take the kids when we travel
and stuff but I was like for the most
part see we're together as family and we
do our stuff and he said growing up why
travels all over the world with my
family my parents wanted to travel so he
would go all sorts of places with his
family in trouble I just thought that's
so cool like everyone grows up so
different
okay big giant straw no wow
I just thought that was really cold it
you know he grew up traveling a lot and
maybe someday we'll travel even more
than we already do but Hawaii was fun
huh I need to go back with our whole
family I know I know I know I don't know
oh yeah take them off when you're home
take them off
you're welcome and again I'm trying to
have mom and dad here thank you
yep take your pants off take your shirt
off unless the mailman sees you yeah
you're ugly
oh haha if this is Calvin you wouldn't
be getting along
how many years different started yeah do
you like him - another little brother
sister you do - a brother or sister or
sister whoa hi Cal ah go give it to
Grandpa go give that to Grandma
Oh give this one to grandma grandma I'm
right here a little give it to granny
oh oh yeah here's a grandma's love why
didn't you let me back up here let me
just an Arab good luck Sabbath I had
such a fun dinner plan tonight and it
just didn't happen so Jerry's off
getting pizza the kids are in bed what a
busy fun fulfilling wonderful day it was
so fun working with these people like
amazing smart well-traveled funny excuse
people are just amazing so gji it was so
fun having you in our town our home
filling with you I'm going to go ahead
and get me she's biting me I took her
outside to go potty she's not happy so
I'm gonna grab her and we're all gonna
go to bed eat some pizza go to bed so
thank you guys so much for watching I
just don't even know what to say it's
like you know when you're on the phone
with someone and you don't want
to go yet you just stay on the phone
don't say anything that's kind of right
so right now it's like I want to talk to
you I don't know what to say I'm just
very grateful I just love my family I
really do and it's like you're not
promised I just have a lot of my mind
wow I just have a lot my mind and like
you're just not promised tomorrow and
this YouTube world and life is just so
crazy and I every day like every
everyday Jeremih say like why us like
why are so many people following us how
and why did this end up being like what
we do that's amazing it's wonderful like
I'm so forever grateful for it for many
reasons and I'm just talking to a Morgan
today about how he traveled and it's
like you know I never was one to want to
travel I have never had a desire to
travel and with the opportunity and
being able to travel it's opened up my
mind a lot seeing other not even I
haven't even really been able to like
travel to other people like cultures but
just being around you guys and seeing
the comments and is just amazing and I
would love to be able to someday do that
more with my kids and it's just a
wonderful opportunity that I never knew
that we would ever be able to have and
I'm just very grateful I think the I
just have learned a lot by doing YouTube
with myself and just others and I'm
grateful for the person that I've become
because of it and yeah that's it amen
thank you guys so much for watching I
really do appreciate we say that every
day but we really do mean that thank you
for watching thank you for your words of
encouragement
thank you for your stories we do
appreciate it we'll see you guys
tomorrow bye these will get in hot tub I
don't got another hot tub yet with all
those balls gotta get in the hot tub
okay maybe tomorrow
