you're a little sad c-channel let you
head down your face when you wake up
makes me laugh you look like mr. Cookie
Monster got your cookie take it away
we're on a very important mission we
have to crawl under these tools in order
to get reach our destination we're very
serious about our mission we got to
crawl through here are you going to try
that
I don't think daddy could sit even if
you want to do good job you get it
Calvin yay Calvin say yeah uh-huh
you just like yea nodding yeah good
morning guys how you doing good Superman
and Batman I feel like I can conquer the
world with these two by my side she's a
little smile
alright everybody has heard a few are
you guys helping me sorry penny
we kicked you out pen we're cleaning in
here you're really sad huh
are your ears her end yeah yeah guys
you'd be home soon all come here you
helping me a little bit we're just
vacuuming this you gets really hoppy and
you're really sad
so Q and ugly so for almost and we're
going to finish this and what we done
guess what is available to buy what
Pinocchio
I don't you gots debut just instagrammed
it I was like we're gonna buy it and
tonight I think we should have the
fireplace on and I'm already thinking
about nighttime guys it's only noon
what's up hi penny
I think you're going to watch oh she's
so good news for those different on
earth
yeah I'm arguing about tonight but my
mom does call dishes I never had time
you watch a video or is your head okay
she's like it looks really bad in it I
mean it's totally good for now but I
don't even know if I explained it
yesterday I think I was just too mad to
talk but Brazil areas for a little I
just have a weird day but I instantly
cry like I don't usually cry and I get
hurt but like I hit it and I instantly
went oh four and then Cheers
like instant
and then penny'll is like eating my hair
sowhat's I'm sure weapons you went on
down on the ground I thought that and
she's like oh I want you up on uShip
will you take this off of me guys I
don't like it when I good speaking of
your mom yes I am wearing the shirt that
your mom got for me for Christmas you
like it I just think it looks very nice
I like it a lot it's a very like casual
but nighter love that and what makes my
mother with this I don't think tiny
thinks you're cool at all cool I'll show
you you're four months old
you're four months old and you started
good she's a good putt for Instagram I
mean who are having a conversation
yesterday she was like how do you get
penny this day how are you and I think a
lot of this is personality in kids like
between Jackson and Calvin it's like and
the same parent yet they're so different
personality plays a huge role I think
she's just a really good calm dog and
another thing is is I think that we were
very dramatic especially when she was
brand-new we brought her home like when
I started kind of like getting congested
site sound kind of funny but when we
brought her home we just were very
dramatic with her like around the kids
like because we didn't want her thinking
it was okay to just like jump on them
and she still does it might knock them
over sometimes and I'm okay with that
like their play and stuff but just as
far as like any like aggressive or
anything like the moment we thought she
was going to do something it was like we
just were very dramatic and I think that
that helped a lot because she's very
good around the kids
why not the point no good where I use
like my voice I feel so weird for saying
that but like you have to do ending
voice she's stuck sometimes she'll take
shoes but I will tell her to stop if
she'll stop just in a matter of a few
days she's gotten better speak at the
devil don't eat my don't eat my sweater
I don't like you I'm glad that we have
she's like I'm not not get any more good
and I'm actually glad that she knocked
over my face you guys remember my dog
shamed her supposed to plug that video
because it was really funny but when she
had knocked over my face with the
flowers and actually I'm kind of glad
that it's gone because it took up the
whole space now I can have my lash ball
and my treats and stuff like take a bath
I just cut the flowers and put them in
those so actually worked out pretty good
honey so our guests are on their way
over right now they're checking into a
hotel so they'll be here soon but
there's one very important thing that I
have to do first before they get here
Jackson what's that one very important
thing that I have to do before they get
here you have to look at Ellie's
birthday of course
let's turn on YouTube subscribe to Ellie
and driven wants at Ellie's birthday
okay enough with silly we have to pluck
this mane of a unibrow right here like
this is in time we start waxing it and I
mother wax drips why are you smiling
because he knows how forget guesses that
is yes okay seriously though soon we're
going in wrong you're you're a dork and
all of what is so individually I have to
charge idiot this is going to take like
three hours
you're all dirty okay two at a time I
never realized by getting our eyebrows
plucked could be such an intimate
experience remember but look look and
action
too many SS and you were gone by now
having a blast in Hawaii
you may leave let's cross gives you
access full hair for Monday
did you just pluck my bowl
you look oh you can I got corn out
you're a little sad c-channel let your
head down let your brain keep as your
drink your face when you wake up makes
me laugh that was funny you look like
mr. Cookie Monster got your cookie taken
away well we're out here in the
mountains having a great time I told you
guys a little while ago that we're
working on a project and you may already
figured out but we're out here scoping
out some different areas from from last
time I was here we're making a
commercial with a DJI so that's pretty
fun that's pretty exciting so I guess
they like the mountains a little bit
they're beautiful amazing so the crews
just out here walking around or finding
out some spots to make some videos with
it is beautiful out here
like all the snow you see on the valley
it's pretty amazing
there it goes that's us again cool
I still get like amazed every time I fly
my own I was just talking with Paul here
who worked at DJ I was like she ever get
annoyed with just how many times people
come up to me like your products are so
amazing like do you like oh yeah yeah it
gets annoying like I'm excited when
people's oh my god yeah a lot of great
so cool so a drone angel printer oh yeah
what not to do
hey I wasn't flying it okay I have the
video proof I was not lying address
attempt number two Calvin can you go to
sleep and go through no don't tickle go
to sleep go to sleep closer eyes go to
sleep
good quick pretend like you're asleep
Oh could you can go ok Superman you
having a good day today how do you feel
you feel better yeah how are your ears
good good I'm glad to hear it
glad to hear that you're doing better ok
a lot of people were worried about I was
worried about you ok but now you're
doing better huh and you can give me a
half high five to mama's face watch
yourself
oh she had your truck no you want me to
get it for you she could come over here
should we put his hat on this hole here
yeah yeah look what you have your snow
pants for God's sake let me okay
you have it you didn't eat what I made
for you not have because I have a cat
that I need to do how are you you want
apple juice in here okay I'll put dog
food in it you want welcome I made sweet
potatoes they got beans guacamole this
whatever else to put in a lettuce salad
which is really really really go these
are amazing call would you sum up like
crazy okay we'll get apple juice and
then we're gonna go downstairs it's
actually like very very close to bedtime
but we're all just no one couch you know
good luck with your hands my two little
napping minions
hey I see your cute face tell you let's
go downstairs this room looks like not
our room because you guys have taken
over it but when I'm stairs and watch
penny girl I like your new collar it's
big it's the large one now
can you believe that so definitely be
able to go into this and we had to
change that so the number was extra tiny
teeny tiny tiny tiny in the back and so
on that many phones I'm you can't happy
are you okay you've matching you got
your popcorn on we are watching thanks
Davey for instagramming this we just got
Pinocchio how do you ask
yep where's your street pal
we're choice Oh dick okay ready watch a
movie together
will you cuddle with me you can be my
cuddle buddy housing affair I'll cuddle
with penny but I want you to cuddle like
the other side of me okay is like okay
um I am so glad that we got a fireplace
down here we originally weren't going to
do one just because the people we kind
of replicated the house they didn't have
one in the basement and when we were
building the builders like it's here
like there was a indenting he's like so
let's just put one in because it was not
even that much more I was like yeah I
don't know what we were thinking to not
do that but it's so cozy and warm I love
it
well good morning and good evening we
totally forgot that in the vlog last
night
so today is the next day of the day that
vlog is actually going up we're filming
right now we are getting ready for our
big video shoot today
NJ I accepted and freakin I'm moving
reading I'm sure to be even working with
these guys like this caliber of people
is amazing are you ready bud what are
you going to do today we get plays no
whoa yeah we're gonna play in the snow
okay thank you guys so much for watching
we will see you guys next time hope you
enjoyed the video give it a little
beating goodbye
