what a good helper that's a good spot -
now you scrub that are you helping me
clean no yukine
good morning everybody
Harrogate count coup you want that
tattooed up now we won yeah hey do you
want to tell everybody what's going on
yeah how are you feeling good yeah what
year Hertz got one
so last night we were up all night long
Jackson had a fever again and he has a
ear infection I'm pretty sure so we are
going to go into the doctor but before
we go he really wanted Maui tattoo so
tell me when you are again got one on
your arm yeah it's pretty big
should we do this one got one for your
arm yeah okay yup that one yeah okay at
County okay now we're pretty cool that's
just kind of how this morning is that it
yeah
Kelvin Hoefler ago that's nice of you to
think of Calvin our way take the clear
sheet huh oh and then put it facedown
she uh put on your arm yeah okay Wow
captain is still okay and then then you
put the washcloth over the top of one
now you just do it this is going to put
the tattoo on there but we're gonna hold
it if you put the tattoo on your arm
okay dodge it for about 30 seconds can
you count count with me 1 2 count as
high as you can go
you ready one two whoa Jackson well that
make you good and strong for the doctor
yeah what do you think about that I
think having would love it that's pretty
cool home but still sweet we've been up
early yeah to get back at like 5:30 huh
not fun
do you feel better another one maybe for
the other arm what other what we do he
has made the bold choice of doing the
same exact tattoo the opposite here okay
ready okay can you do the same thing
again wow those are some interesting
combination of numbers yeah almost there
I think just a little bit longer 94 I
hope I did it long enough we did you
can't like gold
that's so cool show me both your hands
now what is now we say what can I say
except you're welcome yeah now you are
all ready to go to the doctor okay
be a good boy I love you
I'm here in the bathroom doing some
hanging like I'm hanging these things
and Jackson was down here just watching
me and he's not feeling good at all he
has a terrible year infection or the
Uruk and he was sitting here watching me
he just fell asleep ahh
guy I know he doesn't feel good because
like she would never do that but he is
asleep on the floor poor guy oh my gosh
it's stinking cute that I like you know
you don't feel good if you fall asleep
on the bathroom floor let me know if
you've done that before
poor guy will get you all taken care of
okay we'll get you all taken care of
okay I love you I didn't tell you this
but I was just talking to him the kids
asleep and I said looking a good job I
can Carol okay three days he said okay
like freshness boy I love you I think we
should move in drop that tapped I was
pretty it was nice how comfy all right
looks pretty good
looks pretty capable of hanging towels
and or robe so I got that up there and
what we would do beforehand before we
have a look
we'd actually just fold them and put
them over here so Ellie would have heard
right here we'd have the floor mat
draped over here and then I would have
mine right here and that works really
great for when we're in the tub but I'm
mostly shower Ellie takes lots of baths
so it's nice to have the option I'm
hanging towels here or putting all over
there I think Ellie may actually keep it
all right here just because
she does take baths so many times a day
for a week or whatever the frequency
amount of time she takes bath but now
we've got these right there it looks
good because it doesn't hang past the
wall and it doesn't get wet from the
shower oh another homework room your
pocket done by Jared II on some of our
closets tour they have these little
stoppers installed at the bottom of the
door so it's going to only open it from
one side you see that right there lots
going to stop the door from opening if
you do it from there and sometimes the
kids will grab the other door and yank
on it it'll scuff up that other side so
I'm going to take off all of those on
the closet door so both doors can open
freely so that's what I'm doing right
now I don't even know if there's any
other reason to have that other tin
prevent it from opening from one side
you guys know
came over here now what a good helper my
job growing up is to always do the floor
board and go that's a good spot - yeah
you scrub that you always stand on there
with food get it dirty not since
Jackson's asleep I'm just getting as
much cleaning done as I can all the
floors are swept I just had to vacuum
are you helping me clean I hope he does
again infection either because he's had
that bad coughing stuffy nose so
hopefully he doesn't get it either if we
can keep his nose cleared hopefully he
won't but yet you keep helping me just
because you're sick doesn't mean I'm not
to make help me clean happy hi oh ouch
ha ha no you can
going to film
hmm
I'm in the other room getting Jackson
situated because he's still taking a nap
it's just kind of like in between the
waking up whining face but luckily got
him to sleep but always have me a
picture of her forehead and I can't
believe what she finds a dad did you
hear me swear and then cry Emily it was
a music I'll cry later or instant tears
like instead of like all of our are you
okay I'm it still seems that hurts like
that I'm so sorry to hurt so what
happened to the microwave
I was heat in Kelvin Sudha yes because
Yvette take a bomb I don't know how I
didn't see it or what happened literally
like walked right into the corner and
okay and then pen you like therefore
rightly I like thank you much I'm so
sorry are you okay that's one of fun and
no I won Ellen a microwavable food oh my
gosh is like swelling oh look I know
it's very tender we have got a very
special guest with us for dinner tonight
and he guesses are you being Maui yeah
it's Olivia today is Joel's birthday
happy birthday Joel is this golden
birthday did you know that well they're
so fun
my dad keeps turning three my name too
necessary 131st down that's right so
they are out doing some special stuff
and Olivia's hanging out with us for a
little bit you want to go to school and
be three years old wow that's awesome
and we're just having a little snack and
some dinner and everything and Calvin is
just like blowing my mind like every day
he does something new something talked
you know says new words does new things
like he's so expressive right now like
this not
dancing and doing these funny things
well today as in a time it's not
different like he will not sit in his
high chair anymore like he won't do it
he refuses he wants to sit next to the
deficit yeah okay sit there yeah check
and make mom boys taken Kevin Bacon I'm
thinking about it we ever had like an
official high chest yeah cause all those
would be liver really small boys haunted
by Richard no that's the one we
virtually have that one right there but
Calvin just wants to be with a big dogs
and eat dinner in here do you guys know
how cute you are
you do how good I'm glad their heads on
big I like blue too yeah
kids are in bed and Ellie is in the
bedroom watching The Bachelor and I love
to hate that shot I was just in there
for like two seconds and the intro
started and everything and the girl
started talking I was like okay you can
go watch that show and then sure enough
I'm in there for like five minutes like
oh she is so dumb why would she say that
she's not even like oh like bigoted you
don't say I know they get you Ellie they
know how to pull the drama you look cute
with your goldfish and your Gatorade and
your robe I would think this if someone
went on devoxx are about four up they
would be like in and what I need to make
dis season memorable I need to do
something different I'm not going to
kiss every single girl or guy and I'm
going to just do things different like
if I would ever have gone on I would
have done it so different mm-hmm what if
we did this better suite and what if we
took the year off so you can get the
Bachelorette you're thinking about it
why are you thinking about it they
create lots of oh geez plenty they have
fun it is fun you know how in basketball
they have like the the bracket like
there's a bracket for the bachelor and
the Bachelorette isn't there yeah you
more goldfish I'm onna I seriously we
found these cool
like goldfish knots and dr. pepper I
like this matter you kind of had a rough
day today literally so Jackson not like
feeling 100% to par I knew I should have
put him in the diaper because like he's
been very like loose Belle's aren't
issues and today at Bonnie's he totally
and I had to like bait him with Bonnie's
because it was so bad my hands like
covered in it no no I feel so bad
I thought today's would kind of been
like the issues one after another the
terrible no-good dirty-rotten warble day
or something like not mentally and I
feel bad well all of us yeah you bonked
your head you got poop all over your
hands but now you're watching The
Bachelor things are good right kids are
happy they're bad which means I'm happy
yep
and that means time to say goodbye to
you guys thank you so much for watching
the video today we've got a fun couple
of days ahead of us we've got some
people coming in from a different
country tomorrow and the next day
succumb to me and I'm really excited
this is like my makeup will cover this
up it's kind of like a dream come true
of mine to be working with these guys a
mold girl sighs okay a lot of people
because I was reviewing that camera a
lot of people have been asking us about
like what filming gear we use on a
regular basis all of that is in the
description down below I have links to
everything so if you're interested in
what we use check that out I'll have a
link to have down below in the
description thank you guys for watching
we'll see you tomorrow have a wonderful
day bye
