you know close the garbage day when you
have to solve your garbage down to fit
the recipe
now the kids are taking now I'm going to
start cleaning out my bathroom I don't
get to do for a good deep cleaning stuff
is what we're going to get started with
all of the chores good morning guys well
what an interesting day I shouldn't even
say good morning it's well after the
morning what would be bad thing
well I'm glad you're all smiles right
now are you feeling okay now but yeah
we're you kind of feeling sick so I woke
up really early this morning I got four
videos edited and done and I was working
really well this morning those things
were going great on Jackson you know I
was just still kind of feeling under the
weather
Jackson's kind of at the point where he
like doesn't really take naps and love
for like in the car driving someplace
and he just like falls asleep and so he
just was kind of cranking everything so
I was holding him while I was working in
my office and he fell asleep in my arms
oh just the sweetest most tender thing
ever and then I transferred him into our
bedroom but as soon as I moved a muscle
he would wake up and kind of like get
upset so I was just like looks like I'm
committing here to this relationship I'm
going to be laying next to you Jackson
as you fall asleep and as you're
sleeping and Louis all I guess I fell
asleep for a little bit too but I am
just glad this guy was able to get some
sleep because obviously I think you're
feeling a little bit better aren't you
yeah you look cute huh so that's going
to open it up to you today is working
hard this morning and then
Leoben yeah I made a little progress in
our bathroom you can see I'm getting rid
of tons of makeup there it's organized a
little better I have a DI pile a pile
for some of my babysitter's to see if
they want some of the makeover clothes
can hear Jackson crying this is been on
us all day if it's not one kid it's
another he's with Jared right now
Joel depending off some papers have you
been my knee - can you say the mana the
nameless you're happy right now
Jackson technologies ha - seems to be
doing okay he has a little worse well I
was gone
Jackson are you okay I was outside in
the yard playing playing using these and
he's like how the things you told that
he said knows his way to serve yeah so
that why he's mad - just mad no no Uncle
Joe Scott used to picnic that's going
out come here come here so I'm starting
dinner a little bit early I see tonight
everybody's tummies would enjoy a nice
homemade Ellie's chicken pot pie huh I
swear I've done a video on that and I
wouldn't looked at last night a
companion yes girls log house maybe
that's why I find it
what yeah that's I'm sorry I'm getting
the chicken goin right because left what
I can help me are you gonna help me
excuse me did you just say no Calvin
gonna help me okay - yes - yes
I said save option fee goes to me so I
hey I can't stand the heat I'm out of
here
hey like I said it's what kind of been
an interesting day when I was filming
Jackson was like happy as all get-out
when Ellie was filming Jackson was kind
of sad now Jackson after you fancy right
now yeah this is funny
who are you going to give that to Olivia
do you think she'd love that
and it won't be me right now penny are
you ready to come inside you do your
business
good girl doing your business it's
business it is this time
yeah oh why aren't you cutting up those
carrot huh you gonna cut up the carrots
of the celery no you want to go back
outside that's what I thought you want
to give the kitchen I don't have it I
don't think any on all screens came
clean to make incorrect hey do you guys
not see my ham the recovery since I cut
myself how long was that like a week or
so ago before Hawaii so I was taking my
nail polish off and I even realized that
I cut my finger now oh it's looking much
better yeah you doing okay now though
bud yeah you don't want penny to get
that no because we got to give that to
Olivia I think she'd like that very very
much but you can wear it for now huh all
right
he had something penny wants to play
guitar Hey no that's Calvin drop good
make away so Ellie is making this
delicious dinner that she already showed
you and I just got off the phone with my
dad apparently my mom is not feeling too
well she hurt her back so we are going
to take her dinner and actually happen
to be one of her most favorite meals
Ellie's making chicken pot pie and I
told my dad dad was like you want us to
bring over dinner
and he said she would absolutely die
that is her favorite thing is like
perfect so we'll bring it over we're
going to go over there play some music
eat some food have some fun okay you
guys good good good pick back to editing
no bite she's loving you a little too
much she like napoleoni is like freaking
good I know we talked about her all the
time she's beautiful and she's a
beautiful dog I know I like your pie
thank you I like your paws and I think
you're really pretty except when you got
on the table I was thought mad at you
yeah we don't get on the table she is
very pretty and she's good with the kids
we've been talking about her a lot today
like just felt like because today we've
done like sorry penny we like her
dealing with the kids right now as she's
been sued she's been really good I saw
her
standing outside to blue Hamilton and
her shoulders what really brought in our
head about legume dog that he was
honestly like how the position she was
really good and beautiful pain I'm
saying am I pretty penny my stuff is
almost done I'm getting ready to put
this in the oven for about 30 minutes
and then I need to make the biscuits
that go on top I do not like chicken pot
pie from the store I like homemade and I
like this version cause it's really easy
I know I've done a video on it so I'm
just going to add the chicken into it in
and put it in the oven you don't close
the garbagemen when you have to stop
your garbage down to fit the rest of it
don't worry I put something over the top
for when something goofy diapers
oh my look at that sunset it is
beautiful outside guys look enough
cotton candies guys good knock don't eat
that is one thing that I love about Utah
as the sunsets are just out of this
world that's ridiculous how creepy and
beautiful they are like it's they
shouldn't be that beautiful but they are
you
you
Wow
that is the passionate kiss I don't
think I've ever given Elliot gifts like
that before anyway look at him grab you
so when I'm rocking in if I don't kiss
him on the lips I'll grab my neck are
you gonna give me good oh okay give me a
gift no good you do well you really
hanneke you slide dog what a pill do you
want to kiss Jackson okay give mommy a
kiss
okay no you're discounting Oh brotherly
love
that was funny mom I hope you feel
better thank you - hmm okay we got to
get these kids to bed you guys ready all
the keys holders arms ladies ready
should we say a prayer
Calvin should we say a prayer close your
eyes while your own closure is you want
to say it Jackson okay he's found nest
airplane where you remember that plane
from I would have did you paint it Osama
yeah wow that's pretty cool you remember
wow that's amazing
laundry day see you there under sinks
tumbling I don't know if you know that
lesson that's a good record I'm full of
references in the dryer off the laundry
not solange a smell I think we're going
to do the laundry and we're going to
call it a night thank you guys so much
for watching if you enjoyed the video
give it a thumbs up on our interesting
day it was definitely an interesting day
don't you think but we do have three
other videos or whatever that are asked
yeah actually I did like a pretty
in-depth review on a new camera so I'll
have links to both of those videos and
Ellie's video
below so be sure to check those out and
the skincare routine video that's up so
it was less on yourself as well echoey
in our bathroom so I know just a little
differently next time cut so if you
enjoyed those let us know and we will
see you guys next time on Ellie and
Jared that Dennis Dennis Dennis Dennis
batter up the DDT too cute oh yeah
fight
