if the wind and my sail and the sea
stays behind me
then I'll go kissing it no one knows
what are you doing
we just had an amazing tickle fight
downstairs and I think I'm the winner
the goal of the day is to knock these
icicles down okay I don't want hanging
out there a lot of kids out there you
know in Finland that's actually like a
worrisome thing to walk outside their
apartment and get hit like so we're
going to knock it down okay daddy's good
dude are you ready that time scary
sounding okay whoa good job because this
would be scary if they sell if we're out
there huh ah okay see that's good that
makes me feel better
good job said yeah okay I had something
for you I yell come sit job penny go
Stenton gotta sit penny
now that the kids have had an out for
the day I wanted to show them something
a little that I got in Hawaii and I
wanted to wait too after they woke up
from the nap because they've been a
little a little cranky I'll do a runny
nose but I have another now I'll show
daddy heads in a minute this was also
daddy's dick and I thought this could be
something small for Calvin mmm all right
and something small for you Jackson I
brought underwear home some finer man
underwear like the firemen dancing in
joining me who do you think of that oh
that good what do you say you're welcome
oh my no
naughty and that was uncalled for
unnecessary and how the did you get
up there you can condenser and reference
roughness roughness get a computer dog
pen she just married yet bring your son
ok this is what I have for you are you
ready okay this is revolted you so let
me give us the Kelvin in this it's for
you
I know what it is what do you want me to
open it and show you ready good oh there
they are
this is a useful lately like Becky it's
a baby our Jonas you and daddy are gonna
have to learn a song okay okay
you want me open a this is kind of like
grandpa's and it has a little can and I
saw this I saw the grandpa and I hate
God is helping to do them anyway that's
so cute it described to have that you
know what I miss you guys so much I
missed you so much and I'm so glad that
I'm home
that's the first thing he goes forever
adds up and now he's gonna see if you
can touch it because he has a vessel and
lastly look what else mommy brought a
shark tooth necklace c'mere cow let me
put it on you oh you got big head it
don't fit on that shark tooth alright
now we just now we have a necklace right
Matt you got yours okay you and daddy
you're gonna have to learn a song okay
that's your goal this month may be to
learn something small you like yeah yeah
it doesn't really work huh it's over him
he feels good God what do you think of
it it's not good I smell good I all that
kind of actually seems because maybe
your hands for my dog smother me like
this is that strong it was very strong
so I liked it are they too tight no
like I have are you sure yeah I'm in
there I'm okay they look amazing
do they really do because I always have
a hard time getting sunglasses because I
have a weird shaped head well I'm not
why I got ball head what they are though
um I was worried that they were going to
be too tight I couldn't remember no no I
have an Arab boy did they fit tight
belly did they look okay they look very
good they look very good
No
you don't like uh-oh they're calling
their people to the merry-go-round
they're big be honest I look like Elton
John I like then I don't feel like
they're too big on your head okay
perfect good that's that's all I care
about
if you think I look good in them then by
golly just wear them I like using them
what do you say tells you one time off
okay play your guitar here you go
see you then stickin your nose guys we
are hello the kids are hot nested huh
tuck slobber messes after I gave the
kids and Jared Derek gifts I wanted to
show you guys something that I was
speaking up when I was in Hawaii I had
to ask my mom if my grandma Bobby's in
Hawaii I wouldn't be surprised if she
did but I was looking a little bit of
jewelry there but I ended up not getting
any I did get D and Alex and Ani it's
only sold in Hawaii the Hawaii pendant
okay so this ring is a turtle ring that
was my grandma's it's now mine it
definitely needs to be polished up it
would even be nice if I could like get
it coated and like Golder or silver some
things but this is mother-of-pearl and
then this is what I was really thinking
of and Hawaii this is a necklace pendant
of my grandma so instead of it being
like a long time to on me I think it'd
be really fun to have that being made
something like this where I could wear a
little higher up I think that that would
be really cute I can't thinking about
that in Hawaii that would be really fun
and there's a few people in town that I
have an idea so I want to go to that
would do a really good job not maybe on
my little list of some fun things for me
to do Calvin Calvin you don't write not
you don't write not with my first oh
your guitar in there get it out you love
it Oh Little Miss Hawaii is called and
is sitting next to the fire
I mean I guess you do have some claim it
is like 9 degrees outside
that's hot you hear him yeah ha we don't
touch the fireplace do it can I go
he's got the groove home because of that
he's like we mean show mouth dude
Jackson had a fever all night last night
he was in her bed tossing and turning of
the fever and so I'm hoping tonight goes
a little bit better yeah well we
transferred him from the airport from
the car to our into the house and the
only thing he wanted was to sleep in our
bed so rather than like fight it the
whole night we're just like miss mom
wants to cuddle him anyway right that's
good felt like I felt bad he had a fever
he's doing a lot better today so far
than he did like last night and this
morning so I think tonight's gonna go a
lot better don't you think buckaroo
you're doing pretty good yeah honey 8 -
yes runny belly colleges so we're in the
diaper today okay we've got three set
out Jackson why don't you pick a small
one there so it's a bear can now pick a
big one all your garbage so that's one
point for Jackson okay mommy your turn
today know what now pick a small one
okay that's the drums do you remember
where the drums are there you go good
job bud hey you played the drums in
council and play the guitar and you got
a family band right there
we just need mommy to sing or play the
kazoo oh we're going for double what you
pick all close okay so remember where
those go mom picked a green triangle no
well well you did it good job bud
Wow Wow I told the kids to play while
Jay and I talked and what did they do
they went in Jackson German Shepherd are
you wanting to push your four-wheeler in
there do it with him in it see you can
do it with him in there so Jerry and I
were just talking and just you know
evaluating and trying to figure out what
are some things that you can do to have
more quality time together I want to
take Ellie on a date once a week because
I think it's so important to be dating
your spouse after marriage I didn't
doesn't stop after you're married no
when they were in Hawaii and they were
talking about the favorite dates that
they've done after marriage I was just
like oh my gosh I can think of some but
I can't think of any that just really
stand it out and then when Ellie says
Seattle oh yeah that was like that was
so much fun so like I think is
impossible but you know I think you know
spending quality time together and I
have a couple ideas I've ordered
something that's still on its way that I
think Ellie will really really like you
guys that's nothing mmm you guys were
cool but yeah I figured knockin you know
adult thing get a yeah raise your
underwear daddy yeah sometimes it's
mommy or daddy bro
I don't we feel like drenches right
paper me I can't help but need a boob
again okay buddy it's time for bed but I
want to fit your thing along with me can
we sing Moana if the wind and my fail
and the feast days behind me then I'll
go kissing it
no one no good job whenever we play that
song he always does a oh it is the
cutest thing ever you say good night let
it go nothing right song
no say bye-bye no it's nothing honey
love I give him kiss that's a good boy
Ellie's parents came over to visit us
grandma gave Jackson a kiss he was like
oh were you wiping away he messed up my
eyes he's kind of like I can't wait
until she walks out so I can wipe it ha
ha I get all the kind of lesions ah yeah
what kiss me Mom
it's okay Jackson you can write that did
you're sick what yeah what a nice
surprise
I always tryin came over just to say hi
so thanks for making the drive up one
cig hello and welcome back your tree
what yeah it really was it was so fun
should we do a little grant program the
hall got the gabion
out of toy ten and there's even some
helpers laughs yeah and what's in there
Yana Katie :
dollars in quarters on tribute Calvin
and then the quarters you can put in
your bank tomorrow okay
that was really nice you like that pin
huh yeah could you hear Grandma and
Grandpa when you asleep and that's why
you came upstairs yeah that was a really
fun surprise anyway thank you guys so
much for watching today I thoroughly
enjoyed being around that family
especially on my first big day back you
like your back scratched let your face
scratched mm okay well I'll see you guys
tomorrow thanks for watching
