so here's the deal Ellie and Bonnie have
no idea that we are coming to the
airport
they drove to the airport and they are
thinking that they're just going to be
coming back all by themselves
well Joel the kids and I are going down
to pick them up and greet them at the
airport and we're going to drive back
together so we can talk and have more
time together and it's going to be a lot
of fun are you guys ready let's go get
mom
good morning boys who do you think comes
home today
mommy comes on today are you so excited
that mommy's going to come home me too I
can't wait to give her a big hug and a
kiss yeah I am sad too but she's coming
home today
yeah she's on her way right now oh hey
there buckaroo you just want to come sit
on my lap didn't chef mm love you buddy
this kid has been like unbelievable this
whole again I'm so glad Ricky
Wow that your red car yeah so Ellie gets
home today and I want this place to be
absolutely spotless I know for a fact
that one of Ellie's favorite things to
do before going on a trip is to clean so
when she gets home from a trip you just
feel good when you walk into your house
so the goal today is to clean the entire
house and we've actually done a really
good job kind of cleaning as we've gone
every day we clean something the other
day was the basement we did the cubbies
the other day I as I walk into my office
I'm like okay office needs to be clean
today but we've got some activities that
we need to do some chores that we need
to do before Ellie gets home and you've
been having a little bit of an issue
with our vlogging camera if you notice
over time the canon g7x in the g7x mark
ii has a little hard time focusing on
you know subjects when you change focus
the focus used to be really fast but
it's not as fast as it used to be
anymore and instead of buying the same
camera over and over again i'm trying
some new cameras a lot of my friends
bought the sony rx100 mark 4 and Mark 5
and there's some little issues with it
the quality fantastic but there are some
issues with it and panasonic just came
out with the GX 8 50k and I ordered that
and it came yesterday in the mail so I'm
going to do a couple of videos on my
channel
I'll have them linked down below so you
guys can see and I kind of want to see
your opinion I may switch to this camera
once I have my videos done on my channel
so keep an eye out for that and let me
know if you see any difference in
quality or anything like that okay
Jackson you ready to get some towards
them
alright you excited for mom to get home
yeah boy so I vacuum the upstairs back
in the downstairs I still got a mops
like the hardwood floor and I put Calvin
down for a nap so things are looking
great I woke her this morning
well last night and this morning really
congested really bad headache getting a
little fever I think but now that I
showered and gone already I feel quite a
bit better but that is over here and he
noticed there some skiers
up on the mountain this is like our
backyard so I'm going to see if we can
zoom in and see them okay it's really
hard to see they're up on the highest
part of the mountain in the middle left
climbing up and you can see their tracks
just coming down like that's so cool I
totally want to go do that there's three
of them like right above my finger crazy
you can see all their tracks right there
too over here what'd you say yes she is
and what we're going to do is haka I
don't know I think it's kind of funny I
don't know I want to get the kids
dressed nice and I want to dress up nice
and I want to surprise Ali with some fun
nothing crazy just kind of I think she'd
think it'd be funny she's a total
surprise
he just spoiled it a little bit I'm not
sure if you could understand what he was
saying but you will find out Sam should
we get dressed or Kalavati dress he's
wearing some fly eggs all right he's
wearing some good stuff okay Jackson you
ready changing you're like good clothes
we kind of have a lazy day because these
kids haven't been feeling the best like
I have but you know when you get dressed
and you get ready to feel a little bit
better so that's what we're going to do
okay we just got back from the store and
I didn't film there because it was kind
of chaotic with all the kissing it's
Saturday night so the storage is crazy
busy but what did we get for mommy
we got mom some pretty flowers and a
little poster board so we could write a
little misper mommy when she gets here
and I'm dressed like this because I want
to go first so I can have like a little
iPad or a little piece of paper
says like this Meachem or something like
that to kind of like be like I'm picking
her up I just thought that would be kind
of funny
you guys ready so here's the deal
Ellie and Bonnie have no idea that we
are coming to the airport they drove to
the airport and they're thinking that
they're just going to be coming back all
by themselves well Joel the kids and I
are going down to pick them up and greet
them at the airport and we're going to
drive back together so we can talk and
have more time together and it's going
to be a lot of fun are you guys ready
let's go get mom let's go get mom
necklace those are not for penny no and
she certainly want some though doesn't
see hey hey now different mommy okay I
am ready to rock who is ready to go see
mom I'm not very enthusiastic I think
Joel and I are much more excited I got a
feeling tiny Bonnie is going to be the
biggest best hug ever a long day of
travel we are back home in Salt Lake
City and the moment right the moment we
walked out of the door we all were like
whoa Utah we got a brave of four getting
outside our cold clothes cars it was so
fun girls I loved our trip we will do it
again good again loved it yeah and all
the girls like you should talk to her
husband's about going somewhere for like
the rest of winter for six weeks that
would be really fun it would be really
fun such an adventure but it's cold but
I am so excited to go home and see my
babies they're asleep they better
believe I'm going to pick them up and
kiss them because the week is too long
to be gone usually if I get home all
just like p.m. and the more
I've got to go keep them
you want to treat this is your tree
buddy oh I was waiting I'm literally
like all on you think I was kind of
hoping maybe the boys of touch thinking
well no I never we saw you she's my
co-chair for sure
don't tell my didn't you have to scan
that Mimi's guys thank you we brought
the whole gang with us robbery
I've got him right here
nice surprise Jackson totally ditched
your sign he saw you and just dropped it
and ran yeah see redcoat hear me
hahahahaha ran he follows through the
kids will not let me hold them they only
want mommy to hold them thanks now I
tell or something yeah they haven't been
feeling too well the past day
okay we got the crew best thing that you
could ever get thank you again on your
limo driver I have to dress up I think
we're I think we're awesome
I think everyone else thinks or
ridiculous though I was like try not to
Kyle's I have to walk away
I want to stable sales Oh
it'll probably be there for a week or so
people are leaning on it already no we
should put more tables here I use this
table over here to set up my camera so
you guys ready drive home you want you
want your lemonade okay Oh
it's a sweating heart by Donald wedding
was good outside I'm home to be kids are
dead
penny was so excited to see me I just
walked into the laundry room I thought
this was so sweet Gerardus folding
laundry she even knew not to put these
in the dryer you're so good go and the
flop and say can I can share today okay
you're so happy to see me you were the
more like a home you jumped on me keep
you company you're so happy to see you
huge you see your shoes
I took a collar off because I felt like
it was are a small hey oh hey hey hey
take a night so I found the toys on
board I'm done I'm done now I found a
voice that was so sweet of you so
special about a man that is too serious
so sweet of you I loved it I'm so glad
you're home I love putting the kisses oh
the horse business video bark she's all
monsoon all bark
so on the way to baby yepp don't want to
wait the beverage up you just use your
your skill to confuse your junkie refute
your job come on
okay good night thanks for watching
I come home you're home I'm home I'm at
home
