this bright teen so the Sharks can you
know see us mark proudly lad pretty girl
Bachman kazoo good morning from Park
City Utah where they're doing Sundance
right now I feel a little weird being
here right now because if Elly's in
Hawaii I just kind of feel a little
weird I know exactly what she said when
she met she felt feel thing going to
Hawaii but I have a lot of friends here
and business associates that came out
from Los Angeles so we have some
meetings here and they wanted to go
skiing so we're going skiing a little
bit talk a little business and have a
little fun
you
oh those branches suck out a little
farther than I thought
this right here I don't know if you can
see it through into a space that is the
Alpine fly that is one of the very first
videos that Ellie and I filmed together
ever I'm not even sure if it's on
YouTube but if yeah I remember going
through that I'll see if I can find this
footage John linka David
a good day on the mountain you got some
discussions done we met with a couple
people we even met with the director
like that was cool now I'm done short
day here at Park City but a fun day I'm
feeling more confident my ski and that's
like so a cool thing and I was talking
to Chaz about it earlier like like I got
to this point in skiing or just like I
feel comfortable with what I'm doing but
I would want to do like anything more
like I can do a couple black diamonds
but I'm not like going down my crazy but
like you got to challenge yourself and
push yourself and in order to do better
you've got to do take risks and get out
there and just applicable it's like -
you know if anything's happened I
absolutely think so thank you for the
validation I appreciate that he's just
this is there we go through I know I put
all I've had so much money we all woke
up very swollen and I don't know if it's
because we probably all need more water
and we went to bed really late and we
were like in the ocean like all
afternoon yesterday
oh good morning this is our last day in
Hawaii and we only planned one activity
for today in the rest of the day we're
just going to be bummed there and there
so let's go hard to do
we're on a boat and we are going to see
some whales right are we going to see
some whales oh how are you guys this is
the biggest boat I've ever been on
it's so beautiful
that was a really cool experience that
we were all just standing here waiting
cuz you kind of knew about where they
were at and there was like little aqua
color in the water and then the gray
side and everyone's excitement is a
hippo and the tummy of the whale is
white who's looking off over to the
water so it's really cool to see we are
out in the ocean and back
it's so fun I'm glad that we woke up
this morning I just came we just got
back to the hotel the first time kind of
be in this pool area it seems really
cool because it looks cool but to be
honest
Bonnie and I I think I don't know
Youkilis 8c okay I can speak for
everyone we all feel like this is lame
everyone is just staring at us
awkwardly and everyone just kinda might
be in my bed so I figured I'd go to the
beach because that might be more fun not
welcome anywhere in Hawaii just went to
sit somewhere and research can we sit
here she went go to the corner take into
consideration that this is the hotel's
like private beach and it's hot and just
appreciate it we have and so we're
trying to line our towels up and we're
in the shade and so for someone to say
no it's just not very friendly
all right things got a little awkward
and we're a little frustrating I think
we're good because you guys do the whole
house well of James we're gonna go out
and music beautiful
Jen and just float I know you did too
I know okay okay what you're in like
there's a little way coming it's bright
keen so the Sharks can you know see us
more got me wet
pretty girl bye okay we're out here I'm
not hosting and I wanted to show so this
is our hotel and then I think that the
mountain over there is pretty
awesome-looking and I think that was of
okay now we got enough really awesome I
pretty much have fallen in love with the
girl on this trip are you like know
someone that's why I love LA she's just
a little psycho and as I like her okay
here comes one wave ready all those very
interconnected what I did I ended up
sitting in the Shiva dish makes a little
more comfy s come over here you tin can
head you being silly
oh I swear the pots and pans are some of
his favorite toys like we don't need to
get any toys for these kids they'll just
play with the pots and pans is all he
ever does hi hi is Jackson awake
yeah actually honey are you better okay
hi honey
oh yeah
hi did you guys do your prize today are
you feeling better sweetie I love you
guys I've been kind of sad I miss you
and I'll be home soon okay
Jackson guess what I saw today I saw a
whale in the ocean I'm now you know I
filmed it so you could see it okay and I
thought of you all day will you have a
good night okay I told I'm gonna be home
soon and give mommy a kiss
okay mommy - hmm
not you no I love you Jess I'll see you
tomorrow bye Jackson
who did you just talk to on the phone
Kevin you know who did we FaceTime with
who do we see on the phone mommy and
what did mommy say oh yeah did she see a
whale today that's pretty cool huh God
did she nope she didn't see a shark but
you asked her if you did huh is she
coming home tomorrow are you so excited
yeah Jackson's been a little sad about
mom being gone it's I think honestly
this is the perfect amount of time that
the girls had on their trip that's not
too long it's not too short I really
think this is the perfect amount of time
they'll get home tomorrow and we're
gonna have fun getting ready for mom to
come home tomorrow I'm pretty excited do
you want to say anything to mom I miss
you I love you my people mommy a kiss
that's so sweet of you to give mommy
kiss knockout man say I love you bye-bye
say I love you sorry that's the best
like you get Ellie I just got back off
the phone
Jared it was doing some meetings today
with our manager not only is mom gone it
has been gone all week with Jared's gone
and Jackson's are feeling well such as
facetimed in and the moment he saw me he
started to cry which of course made me
cry I'm going to tell myself I'm just
I'm guessing here and try and enjoy
lunch but part of me is going to be just
really sad like I just wish I could go
home right now
- am i hot again by Andy once down it's
hard like being a mom is hard
we've all had knowledge of how that was
my mom it's like the moment I got
married and being gone it's like all
cholera my hair voice and like I was
happening to dad on the phone like we
were driving and I was like it's not
sound like I'm a grown woman but I
called my dad man like I miss you like I
hope you're okay yeah gone that hole in
my heart it will hopefully be
yeah yeah well now we're all saying like
yes yes so I did right before I called
them so they were on my mind for sure
but very recently as you're finishing up
lunch they have one of my favorite
stores for the kids and it is Zara I
have never been inside Zara before and
this is where I have bought a lot of
Jackson and Calvin color tan Jackson
Calvin I miss you so much I'm so sorry
you've Nick Jackson tickets what mommy
found mommy found the coolest underwear
spider-man you all see spider-man
underwear I found some cool spider-man
undies I think you would love to wear
them around the house as I sit here with
the kids asleep penny at my feet I am
going over my thoughts of this week of
Ellie of the kids and just how
everything went just how grateful I am
like I am so grateful for my family and
like I said a couple days ago life could
not be better right now it's just so
wonderful to have my sweet family and
every time Ellie goes away it always is
good to have this feeling that I'm going
to right now to have it come back and to
just express my gratitude for her and
for all that she does and not just to
her but to show my appreciation for all
of those single parents all of those
individuals who take care of kids day in
and day out whether it's by themselves
or with a partner or spouse or anything
like that it's a lot of work and doing
it by yourself is tough and this week it
puts things into perspective I want you
guys to know that if you are doing this
right now you are so strong and you are
so special and you are amazing and I
want you to know that like how amazing
and strong you guys are it's tough it's
tough and I am just so grateful that I
have such a wonderful spouse to raise
these kids with and
family members like they you know what
they say like it takes a village and you
know sometimes that's true and sometimes
people don't have that village I am just
so grateful and I want to express my
appreciation and tell you guys how
wonderful amazing you guys are because
of what you guys do every single day and
my heart is full of gratitude and and I
love it and I'm grateful and I don't
know I'm rambling at this point sweat I
hope I hope the feeling in my heart and
in my mind gets expressed using this
terrible tool that I have called my
mouth and I just hope you guys can feel
what I'm feeling right now we are going
to call it a night today was a nice like
total lazy day tomorrow we are on the
plane back home to see all our babies it
was such a wonderful trip I love that
like we didn't just like lay at the
beach the whole time we literally were
like climbing metal and any kind of
jungle it was like this much much the
only thing we had planned was to like
get a lock on and you know yeah Kyah
didn't go that way but we loved how it
turned out my favorite one of my
favorite part of the trip I didn't even
film those and we were in the ocean like
all day and we sat there Emma it like
hit us and like it was literally a
workout we're laughing so hard the waves
are crashing on us it was a spanking it
was amazing I actually did get physical
so we have it on the treat here we are
going to go and snack pack we'll see you
guys tomorrow bye
anyway bye local
