are you guys ready for this contest are
you ready for this because we're going
to get run hooked on please rubs and we
have to pull ourselves up remarks this
is no girl
Oh
Kelvin what's wrong why are you so sad
is it because you haven't had breakfast
yet let's offer breakfast oh you were
just waiting for your morning hug from
your brother good morning guys how are
you good are you ready for breakfast
more importantly are you ready to see
what's in those boxes we're going to
find out today when Kody and Olivia go
home from school does that sound good
yeah you ready have five good morning
penny did you have a good potty break
okay buddy you're all done with your
cereal where do you put it when you're
done okay go do it was it good
did you like it did you eat it all like
a good boy that's my boy yeah that's my
helper boom oh I can't handle that that
guy five I seriously could not find him
for the longest time I was kind of
worried there for a second I had the
boys in here and I was like I've got to
run to the laundry room to grab a shirt
for Jackson so I came back I couldn't
find Calvin and where was he
where were you Calvin were you in the TV
were you hiding in a TV show me how you
hide he had clothes like the the doors
to the TV and he was quiet as a mouse I
did not even hear him and then all of a
sudden like Jackson where is Calvin is
that even here and it all of a sudden
one of the things that we go through the
most as parents or I guess as a family
are toothbrushes and that's mostly
because this guy right here steals them
and we go through so many kids whose
brushes too and I couldn't really find
anything so I've got this toothbrush
here we're going to brush the boys tea
we like to say okay I'm going to brush
her for a little bit and then you can
brush it right after me so we get all
the good brushing in first and then they
can kind of brush around and play and
get comfortable with it and everything
and then right after that we can curl
your hair does that sound good
is that a crowing one I think that's
curling one or is it Harry Potter swamp
no idea okay you ready should we brush
your teeth it was job open open open all
right Jackson it's your turn do you
remember what the dentist said about
your tooth here were what you call your
brown tooth what did you say
open wide did you say your truth is
getting better this one right here yeah
when we went to the dentist he did he
took another x-ray to get an update on
it and he said it was looking perfect
for that there was nothing to be worried
about and now the colors it has been
returning and it may even get a little
bit better
Oh
Calvin is down for a nap and I have a
friend over you guys may recognize him
it's dim and when the whole sophie the
Giraffe thing was coming out Eliot Regis
like hey we have one of those you want
to cut it open and see so Dan
I'm here with has actually ordered a
bunch of the use so feed the giraffe to
toys do we call him chew toys or
teething toys that's the proper term
heating toys
he's got the hatchet here getting all
set up here's one of the Sophie giraffe
toys this one is definitely used quite a
bit but we're going to see if mold is on
the inside if you guys want to see it
you'll have the video go up we'll post
it or else ten times more goes up okay
tomorrow morning so the thing is like I
feel like there's been a lot of videos
of people cutting open one off here
there I thought let's be a little more
scientific let's get a bunch of them so
I got eight of them where you can cut
all of them open I don't know how long
they were used in bathtubs but an
adventure and then after that I'm so
good because Jackson cannot wait to open
up these and I'm excited to show you
guys what we have in store for the rest
of the day so we just wrapped filming
with what's inside and the results are
pretty shocking they're surprising so
what do you think about it all its we
even cut open Elaine's your actual
Sophie also I'm sorry Ellie
I wonder if you guys have more than
years you can appreciate on the video it
was I'm kind of shaking and nervous
about what we found
yeah so we'll have a link to it down
below check it out if you guys have a
Sophie dress you should probably watch
the video after going down one two
fibers going down the whole rest of the
way so we hope this way we keep going
down seven more seven more people
there we go our next adventure
okay this is a race you're on the next
loop ready six
are you guys ready for this contest are
you ready for this I'm ready
assassins I think I can win no out we're
gaining on the battery died yesterday
we're going to get hooked on cheese we
have to pull ourselves up oh hey is that
you can go down together shoes tell me
going we're still friends
yeah after I wondered are you fighting
contest I don't know what I'm just
looking for yeah yeah
oh my god all right yeah daily vase
Calvin wants to open this so bad if you
follow me on instagram you'll know what
we did it was one of the surprises the
time has finally come to open up these
boxes are you so excited okay chill you
invited Joel and the kids over to
participate in the official unboxing of
the mystery boxes are you guys excited
you guys are going to go swimming that's
for sure
you ready Calvin is like dad please open
up I'm not sure if this is like a model
thing or something I think it's all
right should we open them thousands and
thousands of all in here of course the
kids are having more fun with the boxes
that they came in it's been the toys
themselves I know we're gonna have a lot
of overhead boxes yeah it's all of unit
Oh
I've just been fun guys ah it's like
it's dark now it's nice I'm Cody have
you had fun jumping in yeah pretty sweet
guys thousands of thousands of balls
filled in the swimming in it alright I
just tried to say goodnight so as to you
tomorrow is our very much Hannah why we
all miss our maybe having two kids you
guys - okay you guys wanna see four
other versions go check it out on my
channel so see you tomorrow okay
everyone is in sizing everyone looks so
cozy and comfy everyone's got their
sweats and clothes on and we had a blast
did you guys have fun did you guys have
fun did you guys have fun so guys that
is a giant hot tub filled with ball pit
balls just a freaking blast if you
enjoyed this video give it a thumbs up
if you're new to the channel hit that
subscribe button and we will see you
guys tomorrow because we make awesome
videos like this every single day Ellie
have a wonderful time in Hawaii can't
wait to see you say love you mom say hi
mom bye guys
