we are at Hanauma Bay and we are going
to go snorkeling here
yesterday was hiking in the mud and
today is spa day you did yoga this
morning and be kind of all left a little
early just to grab breakfast everything
a little early half hour early we come
to this place outside the hotel every
day and we get green smoothies and
breakfast so we are going to head up to
the spot and we are all getting massages
yay
this is so fun I just like wanted to
show how cute you guys all are oh good I
love it
what's a hair clip yes he knows really
cute smells so good in here we all are
getting massages I'm excited and just
like what products they help feeling I
kind of try and like consume their
things lately and it will be fun like if
I see something and try and if I like it
just have so much cool okay another so
and masks like I've been doing masks
lately to be fun to pick up like a mask
and they're heavy there's a lot of them
in there um seven yeah yeah until I go
to W and see if I like them so fun
where are they I know there's smoke
there little hairs oh oh you yummy
handcrafted and now II know this one so
ham is awesome what's up fun as long as
yes yes justice hair
but I like these no you good bye
oh there's you use those are cute little
they fit you perfect
hey about right you know like don't hit
my father still violated okay no you
guys made a sixteen female me if you
didn't know that I just I need everybody
to just hide stuff with my family we run
down inside joke
take care that we're in the same room
okay
we are open I'll get both massage
together
it's a lavender very calming very
feeling yes and we have a good coconut
and rice Island blend and then we have a
rosemary very stimulating very uplifting
oh yeah I like that
now that in that pepper is my favorite
you have fun we pick up with rosemary
we're getting ready for our couples
massage and I'm kind of glad that we're
here together hi as been okay like if
you want to share room eyes like well I
kind of thought we have separate I don't
care and it's like ah I guess then we
can light a cross for each other we're
good
just close our eyes relax that was
usually so wonderful honey oh honey just
gonna go under good what some women
cannot even see it it was really good
like I feel clean and good and just
excited to go snorkeling now
yes yes yeah yeah yeah we are at Hanauma
Bay and we are going to go snorkeling
here supposedly this is like where the
best places to go there is a seven
minute orientation because all of that
is corals they are going to teach us how
to be respectful and not damage the
coral it's absolutely stunning here
Bonnie and I just fought in that change
little aggressive yes so we're going to
be we're going to wear these little
dresses and they're like scarf dresses
yes love it
okay my face my hair like I feel like we
are done Stevie no I like your little
bobby pin curly to an aspect you're nice
and straight that's nice and good to you
so why did you guys think of sparkling I
thought is very scary okay what kind of
scary
the first name is scary like yeah that's
like how I was breathing the whole time
I always think of my mom when I would I
do snorkeling because the mask is on
your face which I have a video up right
now the things that I brought and the
mask is new and it's I like it because
you don't accidentally suck in water and
you don't have to blow water out it's
just it's just that's nice but you still
very claustrophobic
and then when you're under the water you
have to learn to breathe like you're
like okay just you literally have to
learn to breathe different when you're
under the water stuff and it was hard
because the quarrel was like right close
to your chest I thought it was amazing
that we can even do this and I feel like
one of these times they're not going to
let people do that because you have to
be really care about you you have to be
really careful like they had me yeah you
have to go to the presentation
learn and understand and you can't touch
and it was hard because the core was
right there as you're like floating over
it so I can get you're amazing they let
you do it and it was really cool all
right boys I have got something in my
hand that you are going to want to see
let's read this no and see what Mommy
has to say for us today you got your
cell phone in your pocket good job
I miss your kisses my baby you two are
daddy's best helpers yes that is right
you guys they have been lost a good help
like was putting the the dishes in the
sink and picking up their pajamas and
putting in the hamper all of that good
stuff these guys have been awesome
spider-man lost his mask and he is so
sad oh no spider-man Wilson asked clean
the whole basement to help find the mask
do you think we can find spider-man's
mask what do we have to do Dean yeah
let's go downstairs and we'll clean the
basement does that sound good Calvin
you've got your phone so you can call
your girlfriend a little bit later but
we got to clean the basement first
ready let's go
he's already on the phone that's exactly
the opposite of what I asked them to do
come on do it
dance let's go to third no way you've
got a call with your boyfriend or
something
you're trying to make a call to someone
a collect call ha ha no way no way not
at these rate here you go buddy
you call your girlfriend all you want ok
here is the disaster that is the
basement and ready for some YouTube
magic here we go and here is the final
result the basement is clean guys are
you so excited got the basement clean
we're almost kids what are you doing in
here you guys playing did you guys help
me clean the basement well I think I may
have found something that you two may be
interested in would you like to see come
on over this way commit cow slowly but
surely
to do oh there we go
while I was vacuuming I found this key
that Calvin has do you know where the
key goes to Jackson I'm not sure if this
key will go to a car but I wonder if it
will go in that hole or that hole Calvin
you try and put it in there okay mm-hmm
whoa
pushing it kid turn there's that okay do
you see anything in here yeah there's
some movies and some games but nothing
else let's try the other one
ah you got it do you see anything in
here look what's under that oh what's
that right there but under that whoa
whoa whoa what is this
it's just a Batman cape and a spider-man
mask so you guys can be superheroes Oh
should we open these up you want to open
that up Calvin he's like no way I wanna
play with this key it figure out how
this luck works let's get these on guys
whoa look at spider-man do you like it
but I think it looks pretty cool huh
it's Batman
and oh no Batman don't take your cape
off he's going to take some getting used
to hum but it's okay
that could be superpowers hey okay Wow
you want to put those ones on well
Calvin didn't want this on it'll take
some time for him to get warmed up to it
but as soon as he sees check
oh don't sneeze into your mask
spider-man oh you have to put your face
right there okay I'm going to get Calvin
acquainted with Batman and I'm going to
clean up this mess oh nasty you say
nasty you know treat similar as you are
good you guys are sweet attention ever
in December when not we were not only
able to give one idea grant away but
because of April and ginger and several
other people more people were able to
get ideas grant
we're wiki guys we are meeting up in
Hawaii we have dinner and I just thank
you for giving me this plate because I
want what did I do
we got snacks from your mom is not right
yeah these are really good they're like
different cookies and hot chocolate and
chocolate sauce amazing by me it wasn't
you you guys wrestling yeah you guys are
crazy the mini WWF Championship is on
the line right now we've got mr. bottle
face over here and mr. diaper pants over
here who will take the champion tonight
oh we got a new contender all that sort
of things shake things up Bob let's see
how it turns out we've got a chase going
on here
oh no he's lost him he's awesome he's
diverted him all the way over here it's
turned into a race and I have no idea
where the finish line so you guys saw
that these giant boxes were delivered
today these guys right here and I wanted
to open them up today but I had to get a
couple more things to make everything
work out and Bob came later than I was
Beckenham so tomorrow is the day that we
get to see what's inside of here what do
you think is inside this box and this
box right here we're doing toys okay
maybe that could be right we'll have to
see what what's inside of it tomorrow do
you think that'll be fun
now you want to open it right now
I'll tell you boys what we will open
these up in the morning tomorrow okay
and we'll have some fun with it okay I
know it's a long time to wait but it
will be worth the wait I promise you're
just trying to get my picture and I've
got my light girl so take a look good
we're friendship right here like
everyone is this no absolutely beautiful
oh look in our view it's the ocean
literally this is sunny I cannot even
believe that we are here it was right
after Christmas ginger in sight we
should go on a girls kiss and also like
yeah okay and then literally it was like
the next day so I guess we don't look it
we're not going to go and then huh the
more I sound like I can't wait to go to
dinner with you guys I just glad that it
works out and I think it she said a
crazy road we're really glad you guys
are here with that you're here doing
well thank you
yeah I've seen a few think ones but
looks like I'm saying I can't even talk
about it
feelings always I feel cool and they are
real they smell amazing
and I was about to get something is
everyone staring at me for like notice
when you open a restaurant as we're
sitting here at dinner we're all talking
about how we seem to know each other and
it's just funny and interesting and cool
and amazing that we all know each other
because of YouTube like I met April
first like just meeting everyone and
then even meeting you guys it's all
through YouTube and it's just this has
been like an amazing thing for my family
like it's brought my family closer
together in an amazing like neat friends
and it's just cool like that's all I
have to say is like flippin cool and
we're eating cookies because it's taking
us a while specific again you're gonna
hear worse power hungry and the kids are
in bed nice aval do a one-on-one time
with you company for my sweet little
girl you've been such a good girl
all this time because you're being right
now that's so sweet
it's tough having a puppy in the
wintertime especially when she was
really young not so much anymore but
it's tough to have that growing process
as a puppy in the winter time but I am
so glad we did like she's just the best
she's a good girl and that is our third
day in Hawaii we are going to say good
night while you dis over there so good
night guys if you guys want to see what
we did today through like four other
versions go check out everybody's
channel I'll make sure to have it down
below see you guys tomorrow on another
crazy adventure we're going on in
adventure tomorrow
