3.now watch water good morning guys it's
another beautiful day here in Utah
yesterday I said that we are probably
going to get another foot of snow
overnight look at that that is penny
running and jumping it is about as tall
as she is now the boys and I have a few
errands to run today so we have to get
this driveway plowed so we can get the
van the Pacifica out of here
alright the driveway is done at least in
the most part but I want to show you
this that is a snowbank behind me like
it is as tall as I am
there is so much freaking snow here it
is red don't you good morning from
Hawaii we are getting ready to go on a
hike and we decided that we need some
hats to make sure the Sun was on our
faces so that's if you particularly like
to burn our little skin and just like
just personality I think this was tell
me and I saw you and I love it girl
ginger you can't take them on life we're
just trying to rent like a Jeep or a
convertible you know anything fancy like
fun but what we're going to minivan
which is great says that we're all used
to doing Jackson this is sand it's sand
snowmen and stands for test all right
daddy has a little confession to make
okay and I want you to listen so I did
not plan enough time to plow the roads
and get their hair done Jackson has a
dentist appointment as soon as he's done
with that I am going to do your hair and
I am going to do Calvin's hair and hex
while I'm at I may even do my own hair
hey hey okay my or does he and then what
do you do okay I am now show me
howdy captain I might be iPad with a
gigantic jump in muddy puddles
let's get dr. Marvin get mighty and I
may be nice I can't help if you just
cover this case I guess McCready
Trio I'm a little dirty but that's what
makes it so this is a tight spot right
now
like be fun like excited I know you can
make us cry and like right okay this is
kind of really like it's good for us
this really chief there is it really so
we older women right there and they're
coming down and there's a bunch of men
standing here like watching us walk
across us could be helping the one guy
just in a second with her husband her
boyfriend
he just didn't even like blinking I just
ran across and you're going up to help
the older lady come down look at all the
men they are carrying the kids this is
just a wonderful sight to see like I'm
just glad I can win this there's like a
special it's just like pouring down
water
we got like all of our errands done and
now it is time for nap time and quiet
times and this is what I'm currently
dealing with right now hey that is my
hat hey that's my happy Linda Lou we're
back from our hike and we all are
refreshed I sprayed a little bit of like
so I could see and be in my hair and
like look what it did but we are all
going to eat the leg 1 million we are
starving what height was very hard very
long are you done it was great yeah
we've been gone all morning have you got
and now nicely are you want to give this
a rewind if you're like yeah yeah
okay Kelvin you are going to be first on
the list getting your hair done today
what do you think oh I'd love to the
side a little bit that's what I get for
trying to do it from behind that's funny
okay you get a little faux hawk going on
there that's okay I think we're all set
with you though
now you Jackson you have hair just like
daddies when I was really young it was
part of the side just like it was now
and then when I was a little bit older I
was hard down the middle then it was
like straight down then it was spiky and
then I went through the faux hawk and
then back to the part so it's funny how
hairstyles changed and what you end up
going with we're going to do your hair
just like you normally do okay no
surprises today all right and we thank
you for you want one surprised okay
we'll do one is that a good surprise do
you like your hair like that
yeah sure we just have it done like that
what does it look like yeah it looks
like Boston's hair yeah they come with
their hair kind of spiky huh
get away I don't think I got enough snap
so they're coming at me April got it
though customs waterless wet me away you
boys look so much better
mommy has left us another note should we
read it okay boys are you ready you guys
are so sweet why do you guys love each
other too much here is a note I miss you
my babies where is mommy's purple chair
can you find your surprise do you know
where mommy's purple chair is let's go
find it here let's go find it boys come
on let's go okay where's the purple
chair boys oh it's downstairs okay let's
go downstairs and look for it oh you
know me walk down that yeah what a crazy
kid what did you find Jackson did you
find a book oh my goodness good night
moon that seems like such a fun book you
know what my mommy used to read that to
me as a kid did you look everywhere I
think there might be one more surprise
ah there's something else
Wow look at that that's another book I
think Calvin would love this do you
think so do you think open that's the
couch to the face do you think we should
read those books to you guys tonight
Oh Ellie you are just the sweetest
you're leaving these fun little notes
for us and these cute little surprises
for the kids
hi guys and we after our crazy adventure
this morning we're going to go sparkling
and it said so Wendy the waves were
crazy used to be excited to walk around
and look at some of the shot since the
area by our hotel looking at the shot
find Jackson and Calvin something a
mighty to bring you guys home something
Jackson so excited looking around all
these cool shots maybe even mommy might
find some jewelry
I got amazed it has been something so
much today iCloud early this morning
before the kids got up and now I have to
plow again and it's like in the
afternoon the boys and I are going to
play outside in the snow for a little
bit and we're going to get some work
done does that sound good buddy
Calvin's our to getting in the cubby to
get all the snow gear you came in
look at how high up no and Jackson's not
even on the top Jackson can you climb up
higher climb up higher can you make do
it it's too high huh
yeah you suck
don't worry buddy I'll pull you out boy
the things you do for these kids okay
let's see this will probably work right
here okay okay I think we're ready
Oh No are you guys okay I just pull it
alarm right off of it
what was that thinking I'm sorry but is
that funny or not fun not fun I'm sorry
yeah I'll give you a little push go for
it yeah buddy
you guys are smooth sailing whoo folder
this early yeah I'm asking everyone for
money
oh pretty
that was really cool
he's to give me a dollar in coin try it
I just didn't I got gag it's like MiG's
very minty version like a good dream -
menthol yeah just like that girl
oh I'm not dad now this is mine
yucky yummy yucky yummy joy deficit what
is it called
and some lava lava
very sugary that's what I want here bon
no after you like you this is so let's
drop it yes oh my god I don't know so
we're at dinner and again we are going
around the table talking about our
spouses and ginger asked the question
would you ask what is your favorite date
you been with your husband have you been
married and it's funny because bonnie is
kind of like a child fish a little bit
yours as a little child like not
childish the like youthful yeah -
evening when Terry and I were married
four CDs rented tandem bikes and rode
around town so recently for our
anniversary we rented a bike and rode
around Seattle and it was my favorite
dance because it was like useful and we
were laughing and we were like checking
in on each other and it is beautiful
like counted I loved it that's my
favorite day honestly seven years that's
my favorite I just got my two little
boys fed dressed ready for bed and put
them and rocked them both to bed and
read them their brand-new books my heart
is just very full I'm just very grateful
right now I'm so glad the Ellie could be
with her friends and family and Hawaii
having a blast and I'm grateful that I
could be here in our beautiful house
taking care of our sweet little boys
like life is perfect right now and I am
so grateful for that it's just been
wonderful thank you so much for all of
the support that you guys have given us
for all of this time it means the world
to us we are so grateful and with that
I'm going to call it a night thank you
guys for watching this video
tomorrow is going to be a great day I've
got a big big surprise coming for the
kids and I hope it comes early enough
that we can do it tomorrow so make sure
you're subscribed hit that thumbs up
button and we will see you guys tomorrow
I love you Ellie enjoy Hawaii bye
