well thirty minutes into this trip I'm
not even out at the driveway this is
what we're having an issue with we've
already had a neighbor come over in his
slippers and stay with us for 15 minutes
shovel me out we got me a little bit
further it's a snow storm it is Connie
pouring down I hope we get there safely
and I also we can start getting this we
did it
hour later could you go away yeah yeah
yeah don't get stuck again because
before we I can't go to play well I'm
limited to like maybe 30 miles around
here okay well thanks yeah
good morning guys and happy Monday how
are you today boys
do you sleep good Jackson how are you
Calvin you seem good
Calvin slept through the night so he
slept great
Jackson ended up sleeping in our bedroom
did you know that is it can you kind of
knew momma's gonna go on a trip did you
know that so we saw mom off to the
airport this morning she totally got
stuck as you guys saw but luckily we had
the four-wheeler and a winch and we were
able to pull her out for we i we ran
Ellie and I were to pull the car out
even though mommy is gone we are going
to have a good time okay yeah we're
going to have lots of fun and we're
going to have lots of bonding moments
and lots of something that I've got
planned mama that's right we can't even
do that that will be fun got some fun
stuff planned for you guys and mom even
has a couple surprises opportunities
left for you boys excited okay let's
have a good week okay high five
let's have a good week yeah we're all
sitting here I need to cry you guys go
back home yeah so we get right into our
first Brenda's coming on a trip with us
April and we ran into her with alligator
tears in our eyes and then we always
already ready to cry on this little
walkway I'm like save me she her kids
are home not feeling well you have kids
home coffee
Calvin coffee and she's like I just got
my - about leaving my family it's where
you want to go parties but we also were
like we don't want to leave our baby
card we're going to have to like turn
off our mommy brain yes yes but we're
going to party no one have and you spray
me down okay nothing will ruin this trip
bathroom I get irritable
yeah I get nervous Sabrina right boys
come here I think mommy left us
something should we grab this let's see
what this says I love you my babies this
week will not be crappy with Daddy
he is so good to you can you help him
with work after quiet time go potty in
the main bathroom don't forget to flush
after we have quiet time maybe there's
something in the back row wants to go
figure that out huh so I think what
we'll do is we'll lay Calvin down for a
nap
we'll have a little quiet time and then
we'll go through this in the bathroom
okay you guys ready to do that okay
let's do it
like I was looking at my room um this is
a bedroom
and you walk out here my gosh this turn
right and this son said like we can
watch on and on the ocean we can go in
this pool but yeah right I don't want to
be in the pool I want to be nosing whoa
dude you are so awesome hey Jackson what
are these penguins yeah those are
penguins I don't know if you guys know
this I think you might know this but
there's a story that goes along with
this blanket first off we have a ton of
these blankets because we're actually
getting the comforter dry-cleaned or
we're going to get to the comforter
dryclean so alien I've been using a
couple blankets instead of the comforter
but this blanket Jackson is very very
special to me and it's special because
your mom made it for me when I was
having my reconstructive hip surgery she
made it for me and I that was the
blanket that I used all throughout
recovery I didn't want any other blanket
other than this one because I was so
warm and soft had a black eye oh yeah
yeah I did have it at the hold-hold
house and I even had it at my house the
house I grew up in
yep I grew up in an old house in Spokane
Angulo hole Dale did you grow up at the
hotel a little who can I love
where his mind goes I grew up and then I
threw up but somewhere on these penguins
you will see written le and Jarrod's
like LEM injured so let's should we see
if we can find it real quick yeah okay
okay link average yeah that could be you
guys the search begins do you see a
Jackson Oh close it's not there yes
right there look right back Ellie and
Jared
ma and pa mm-hmm oh yeah those are the
Ellie and Jared penguins your mommy
wrote this when we were dating before we
were married
before you were even here with us that
was such a long time ago can you believe
that I'm bluffing okay jump over it whoo
we're just waiting for Calvin to wake up
from his nap so we can cross him to the
death he's excited whoa that is a big
one do one more SuperDuper jump Kay good
do a high one there was a high one good
job give me a high five bud we are here
we are in Hawaii we are in front of Lulu
and we are so excited so we are on a
monster we got Bonnie ginger accident
April love it especially as the Turner's
are home in bed so we are here as moms
and Gocha and ginger is the one who
planned and started it out so excited
for even maybe next year we'll do it
again and more moms can comment
everybody's schedule no babies this is
to enable to come just
can't wait for our nitrous I have
something for everyone so stay right
there
no it's these do not fit I just look at
that and no don't Diller they're pretty
so bonnie is right here Aston is right
there on top
ginger yours is on top right there April
yours is on top right there
he's on notice my out man they call
braces I saw Aston this really reminded
me of you and they are made here in
Hawaii I ordered them and then I brought
them to Hawaii to give them back to you
they don't fit we can send them back and
she'll give it in a bigger size too so
here you make a perfect
so the plow on the four-wheeler the the
welding part right here where you attach
it to the the bracket underneath the
four-wheeler those welds actually broke
so the I haven't been able to use the
platform but joel has a welder now and
we were able to put some welds here and
here and here in here to just reinforce
everything because they only did at the
top a little bit at the bottom Joel's
welded since like high school something
so and I've never done it before so he
did all of this and he's going to show
me a couple things on welding and we're
going to well some stuff together you
ready for this Jared's a master now
promise no that's how this is that
didn't look as good as the first time
first time a little bit bit either
looking far away uh-huh part of its
pushing and pulling yeah you learn that
as you go but that's cool
that's not a bad bead laying down we
caught it on fire and I was going to hit
down fire ventilation this is where we
are eating we've got live music over
there we have food it's always fun to
see people food right this is Mike
Francis food this is so fun I love it we
are going around the table telling it
one quality we love about ourselves and
I said I love it Jared doesn't hold
grudges like towards anyone else he's
ever like held for us towards anyone
so that was my quality about you Jer
bear plow welded driveway finally
shoveled everything is good Calvin woke
up from his nap Joel and the kids came
over and they played for a little while
and now we are finally ready to see what
mom has left us on day one where did
mommy say we need to go look
in the bathroom that's right let's see
if mommy less anything Oh what is it
a toilet does it look kind of like a
game toilet trouble I think this is
going to be a fun game should we try it
okay let's go try boys Calvin are you
excited to try it okay we got it all put
together guys look at the functioning
toilet it's a toilet hey Calvin flush it
push your heart the point of this game
is you put oh my gosh you put water
clean water in the toilet and you spin
and then you have to flush toilet as
many times as this sense okay so I'm
going to put some water in and then who
should go first you Calvin
or daddy who should go first okay daddy
will go first or do you think penny
should go first
do you want to go first penny is ready
yeah you're excited okay here we go
we're going to pour it in there is water
in there now okay daddy's going to go
first okay one time okay so I'm going to
flush it one time I think I say okay
Jackson spin please plus it three times
that's one if you defy them to catch a
Jackson through that okay - better get
your I mean yeah so you wanted to get my
eye
Calvin do you want to have a turn key
spin the wheel Calvin let's spin it for
Calvin ready one
oh don't drink the toilet water that's
so gross okay ready Calvin we're gonna
flush it
ah you got free
oh my gosh that's a fun game that's a
cool little game how sweet is Ellie to
think of us and do things like this
every single day I think most of them
are just notes but this is just a fun
little game hey you're supposed to point
it at yourself silly I think I lost that
game I got sprayed the most did you have
fun Calvin oh yeah you got sprayed did
you like it where's the fun can you say
thanks mom for getting us that game
thank you very good game it is a little
windy we are going to get ready to get
in the hot tub but the sand like this is
just so wonderful
I've never been in Hawaii water oh my
goodness I feel so good it actually
looks like a hair chili in a little late
I feel calls but it feels good when it's
really hot yeah tomorrow will be amazing
le I hope you are enjoying Hawaii
because it is a crazy blizzard here
right now let me show you the snow is
just coming down you it this is not even
do it justice whatsoever the wind is
blowing probably 30 miles per hour right
now and the snow is just coming down
like crazy with it let's see if I can
get a good shot kind of see it the way
the snow is falling I bet we'll get
another foot tonight le think of me
while you're in Hawaii because it is
cold and snowy and I bet it is nice and
warm and beautiful where you are so this
is the resort that we are at we're going
to go find the hot tub it is and
speechless I'm just not going to say any
cheese you're out to discuss cream oh my
gosh I feel so spoiled
beautiful there's a light show every
night so this is the start of it girls
in the hot tub
Oh
that's so sweet well that is our night I
cannot believe we're here that a
wonderful day there go to bed see you
tomorrow
all right boys we are going to call it a
night you want to say anything to mom
while she's having fun in Hawaii I want
mommy cam you want mommy to scare your
health wha she'll come back in just a
few days can you say I love you mom I
love you mom bye Calvin what about you
do you want to say anything to mommy say
hi mom say I miss you Oh kit blow mommy
kiss no you want blow mommy kiss you
okay all right guy set this from us I
hope you enjoyed the vlog if you did be
sure to give it a big thumbs up because
Ellie's in Hawaii with her friends and
sister this could be so awesome if you
haven't subscribed already hit that
subscribe button and we will see you
guys tomorrow
thanks for watching bye
