by the line with a density because it's
a win I'm standing my goals is just no
telling
sneaky okay you can have it again visa
that was so sweet they were just like
television like put it on random ugly
boys you know that thank you
alright I think I am ready to go early
in the morning the floors have been
mocked the dishes have been done and the
last level laundry is in the dryer so
hopefully Jared will not have to like do
much like cleaning and stuff all is gone
cause like it'll be good organized and
clean so I packed I have my suitcase I
have my bag and you put that in there
that's like hair of makeup I'm not
really going to need it um we've just
been the help you could ever sell muscle
8:05 how are you doing me yeah oh that's
good hey can you try that did you just
get hit in the face yes I heard it any
bunkies little head Oh like you saw he's
pointing do it where did he fall on my
Oh
so how is your guys Tuesday good it good
what did you do today
oh yeah you ain't let some repeat stuff
look I made did you go to church today
well I am a Jared not made but I made
lentils rice brussel sprouts I
definitely chose to eat that even make
me and I enjoyed it it was good
my dad doesn't like it was like it was
like Who am I I'm eating lentils
Brussels sprouts okay so it's fine I I
don't highly cook these potatoes or
Brussels sprouts but I took those twice
last few days and they're really good
like Brussels sprouts
so yes privately very well I think you
know you cook them like in a way that
they're just like I just come in the
oven yeah you got them and then what do
you put on them just all yeah it's all
good okay are you guys watching the game
yes the football game
the Packers lost to the Falcon so the
Falcons are going to the Superbowl and
where I watched in to see if the
Patriots or the sailor's knot I think
I'd love for the Steelers ago but I
think the Patriots cookie dough oh you
are crazy like getting hurt more than
I'd like but he's like nobody does doing
is that oh he is such a clown he'll do
anything to make someone laugh ready why
are you whining what do you need oh you
is that set oh you turn the game off
stinker you think er no it's dad hey
rookie everyone quickly check my numbers
please pray later we don't go right now
go to quadrant
coach right cause you're a scratch he's
not doing it that was funny you could go
see it closely turn the game back to
Nietzsche turn Calvin took off Michigan
this is totally my fault
usually I close my door especially to my
bathroom Calvin's favorite thing to do
is open that drawer go hide in the
bathroom of whatever thing he stole and
look Weez doing no more Calvin
his favorite thing to do is to open my
stuff up like my wife's lip scrub this
is a wash like kind of get tinted
moisturizer kind of are you eating it
now duping it's like all natural and
whatever okay let's go outside to take a
bath you stinkers you stinkers Jetsons
wasn't in here we literally just got in
here that grin got the camera tell me
that is so nice
it's like my mom look at your hair okay
I know I can put it away okay okay so
slams doesn't take it back Talton so
study doesn't become them here to hide
come on I'm gonna hold your hand
no touching anything let's go follow me
Jack I was surprised for you yeah in the
bedroom
your surprise is you get to do fast duty
today Hogan
you want me to Holden let's go take a
bath Owen dog penny it doc penny now
scream no it's like a it's like a motion
from lush rock on what you got on your
hands in your head oh well I think I
heard you say Calvin dancers there with
you and I was like okay where did he go
okay let's go take a bath let's think
about fine I've got him go for it do it
oh not dude thinking if you said Jackson
was a daredevil you were wrong
Calvin as the daredevil did you see how
much air you got there this is the
cutest thing ever
honestly okay
you guys are so awesome
Jacqueline seriously is like a daredevil
he will do anything he'll jump from
anything Calvin
like can't jump and so when he tries to
he's just like you can jump I in the air
okay show me girl me that was a big one
dude yeah yeah hey Calvin your turn go
for his leg jacket go for Jackson so
that sounds like it hurts like these are
these are stuff pretty full okay go for
it
jump you want jump oh you want the glove
there no mom oh you want some of on it
okay now jump I get a song ready should
we do Jason Mraz or Moana mallanna I've
been staring at the editors water long
as I remember never really knowing one
this is it the kids you clean out the
threat attend this is word at the song
that I don't know what keeping it so
that is our entertainment tonight from E
and J GU and to you guys
I could be the perfect ladder when I
come back to the water matter how hard I
try every time I take it until I shall
make every worldly second the baby's
time low some another No let's go
threaten right to the core friends I'm
the line with a dad it's a win I'm
saying if a golf is just no telling
okay the top Delhi prayer come here cow
hey I do you good Kim here's this with
me prayer gave your guy your fake phone
call grandma woo okay who is going to
say prayer watch me I will say it don't
sit down search I'll hold it so join 20
people job love you only missed you so
much
do you know that your missed you I'm
gonna be gone cuz when you wake up mom
will soon be gone please be good for
daddy he asking me good kiss me no big
good turn it out good mama huh gonna
kiss my cake - bye bye Oh take your
and you're hearing Casey pop I of you I
never said goodbye
yeah no that was a good kick hey love
you I love you because I
