I have going on here whoa you guys use
and management in here it's very
unorganized are you ordering some but
pace I know not sucker
what is that sucker it's a tube that
goes here knows that you scoops it all
out Cullen has been less than 24 hours
together but itself an amazing lesson 20
the rise
like they men I will take a tissue but I
would sell that everywhere yeah okay go
run runner
okay give Katie a hush hey hey now
goodbye :
love you man good morning guys like I
said yesterday it's going to be a very
very quick trip and we are already out
the door the beginning of our day starts
with leaving Los Angeles so we totally
trashed a hotel room I mean like man
it's crazy we didn't even make her man
it's awesome John I made it to the
airport they filled right there he made
he made it soon on our windier for we
found out that our flight was delayed by
45 not a big deal we've done this before
we're we're seasons in delay like we'll
get some food it'll be great illegal
while we're getting through found out
our flight was delayed yep
I do fine with the way with the ladies
multiple hundreds well ladies sunshine
here yeah
something must be going on inside but
now we can take X times have delicious
breakfast with my buddy Joel and we'll
figure out what we can do in LAX for
another hours not bring a brunch date
that's bill and I we go on lots of dates
mandate run state puts next day that
we're going to go
well good morning guys or should I say
afternoon we woke up this morning and
what did we do because we all bought a
tie but we all got days and then we got
our genius back on huh because we're
having a lazy day it is snowing like
crazy I hope Jared make them okay got
the boys dressed in there Dan you did a
row Calvin and what a volume for half
the game plate and now everyone's coming
over here we're playing for the rest of
the half and against who we get ahead
here Henry and he is playing at the
train because this is his favorite so I
get a white key today her hand Jerry the
cars hot TC trade dream Wow
he's two months older than Calvin and
it's crazy how much he's talking Howard
she's starting to talk so I can't
imagine two more months okay this is a
car
Wow hands up we miners finally boarding
the plane and apparently there's like a
foot and a half of snow in Salt Lake the
plane that we're going on right now
came from Salt Lake I think that's why I
was late so much now we're turning right
back around and going back home to a
couple feet of snow
because everybody had their dinner not
all of yours get boss if you had your
dinner you even ate all your cookie : oh
oh hey nerd you did fall but I put a
perimeter okay can you eat take a bite
oh you don't want this side want this
off you eat your soup
did you need a yo you want this side
okay
you got that on you eat your soup up I
don't know if you're going to eat it
you're here in your suitcase so Bonnie
made a pot soup seriously so good it's
just beans tomatoes corn and see they're
yams or sweet potatoes right no no we we
all that was a big cookie if you all get
one cookie if you eat all your dinner
Jackson picked these out the other day
at the store so he saved them for when
his cousins came over so everybody's got
one and we were all eating our scoops
come in he usually eats everything I put
in front of him but he's not really
eating this cow okay what's that your
Gianni's yes I brought a pair up is your
daddy home
this is daddy oh he has the big one kind
of and my now mystery did have the
biggest smile because his daddy's home
my buh-buh-buh as skiing today so we we
watched you hunt and he was so good and
just quiet
he just ran around with the rest of the
career so good fun bit made it back Utah
it is cold into snowy
we made a quick stop in Salt Lake now if
you guys
le and Bonilla actually are going on a
little trip and they're going to
someplace fun something they've never
ever been before and Joline we're
thinking ways like we should get them a
little gift doing the right yeah to send
them off on their trip so we're here at
the mall and see what we can find and we
have something in mind something very
fun and cute simple easy stuff I seem to
love it a lot and I think it will mean a
lot to them and I think I'll keep it
forever okay everyone on the ground
ready ready when the music starts ready
set go
maybe we should just do one of these
ready set go
hey listen guys you can't hear if it is
mallanna playing oh oh who is last the
kid Oh yo Connie's sapphire you're out
comes the winner well today his it a
little overwhelming and long but very
funny and we've been playing with the
kids in the kitchen she's good ordering
food I'm waiting for my day okay you go
give that to her as they were done
eating
we've been ordering food they've been
bringing food out and I've been laughing
so hard that my mascaras ready other
things I've been ordering
what was that next order you Mike Cenci
snap and did you get my bacterial cream
with that no no okay I'll just like to
teach that you can go back and get a
bacterial fungal cream can see we've
been laughing with Harvey then maybe for
me non-food items have been hilarious
Thank You Man this silver car now
my house going on here whoa you guys use
and management in here it's very
unorganized are you ordering some but
tastes kind of not sucker what this Matt
Becker Institute the cozier know that
you scoops it all out all right I did
not order it one more we should leave a
negative complaint on their website is
satisfied hi good how are you
yeah
you bein fingernails it was actually not
that bad it was a little snowy but it
wasn't like terrible the driveway was
worse than my inaudible if they cook
like going into the garage but
Prudential downs dot and then uh Henry
Burke of the creations done that yeah
the plow on the four-wheeler one of the
welds broke so I haven't been able to
use that plow and we had a bunch of snow
today
so I mean tomorrow drills four-wheeler
too mom Tom well everything but I'm
going to go grab some stuff ok and from
the car because I just came in to say hi
to you okay I'll be right back okay so
here's the deal
John I thought it'd be a lot of fun day
to get you guys something for your
little trip that you're not you're going
home something cute something simple
right I think I think you'll really like
it
okay all right okay culture okay I'm so
excited
okay ready I know everybody knows okay
open your eye
why are you enjoy so cute to us will
open up don't you system like it's hot
oh yeah I just I just found that bad
because I'm you at all well I want you
to open it and see what tell me we think
when Joel really ours so like James I'm
doing little things like this on this
date not married
it's not but when you do is amazing I
appreciate it thank you you're welcome
don't say thank you it's open it is the
person box it is my cute box
that's cute looks like a lush bath bomb
so that that's one of them that's good
that's a sand dollar because you're
going somewhere very special where I
think that's pretty significant yeah and
I want you to have that to remember your
trip by oh yeah and the other one I have
no idea if you have but I was just like
I better than I did it to her for her to
have it because I think it's very
significant is it not in the box no hmm
did you buy it
no John I switch bags turtle
oh you have a turtle a little turtle
because where you're going there lost
Turtles over there and counters our
little trap I guess we I love you yeah
don't feel guilty in the slightest like
I want you to go on this and I want you
to have you so much found guilty like
and I know it's fine I just go guilty
like leaving the kids that long yeah
yeah yeah and you don't feel guilty
leaving them with me is you know being
away from them yeah yeah no I understand
that because we are kids and you go away
from them the infant year away or like a
little bath really sure just like I miss
my kids what this video what update and
you know one night it's like like you
can't remission you like payment all all
I wanted to do is kiss the kids goodbye
yeah I convinced Calvin and that says
Lonnie how about you
Kelvin love you but like Kelvin doesn't
say dad yeah in last night was it dad
and you hang out the door Oh cute he
dissed me I think we should show
pictures there so to you and thoughtful
I love you so much and you made it back
and I am with my family I kind of want
to like just go into the kids room and
just like wake them up and get some fun
not going to do the same in the morning
obviously thank you Brian for inviting
me to your birthday party to your launch
party it was so much fun to be with you
and all of the guys and all of you guys
who were at the party it was so much fun
I had a blast
thanks again guys we are going to call
it a night Ellie I love you are you
making some of your stuff that you had
your cue
we're going to eat a little dinner call
it a night thank you guys so much for
watching I hope you have a wonderful
weekend if you enjoyed the time if
you're in drizzle again if you enjoyed
if you enjoyed the video please give if
you enjoyed the video give it a thumbs
up if you enjoyed the video give it a
thumbs up if you need each other's
presence and we'll see you tomorrow
thanks for watching oh I said in Brian's
video I said see a pinata by me and in
case you won nightmares I have no idea
we should she's like okay people Ramadi
is epic I don't know if she's awake or
asleep I just care to tell
