right now we're going through the set
list and trying to figure out the best
way so I can type up the crowd now we're
going to start over here in this area
and then we're going to come around we
got to make sure we got something in the
slot okay
throw some water on the sub for real
right now yep because know we'll do a
hot route this way slant up today good
morning guys from the airport I'm
hanging out with my buddy Joel we are at
the airport right now we're actually
flying to Los Angeles because I think
you guys know there's a pretty important
event going on tonight and we're on the
walking escalator you ever go on the
walking escalator and once you get to
the very end you're like how do I walk
again I feel closer we can thank Jim
Gaskin for that one
well we found out that our flight is
delayed 40 minutes I think that's not
terrible the concerts not until later
tonight but I feel bad for the guys who
are sitting next to us they're flying
back to Birmingham and they've been
pushed from plane to plane to plane they
receive less away so that was five hours
later and they just had announcement I
think they said sorry we're not going to
make it today so I felt that was good in
that sense forty minutes not even an
issue at all so we're walking around
we're going to go find some Greenville
and they're kind of hanging out find out
what we can do with an extra 40 minutes
on the airport how come I always get cut
at my middle finger when I got stitches
when I was at the hair salon and I cut
my finger look at that I just so liked
my finger gosh stupid sweet potato and
that was totally my fault
like I'm the idiot I totally did not
mean to do that
and I knew holding the knife that way I
should not do that you should never do
that but I did
and it's totally believing what and then
oh my gosh and then the sweet potato
flew and of course you got it first
happen dot hurt it's like I've never had
that much blood on my cut
wait okay well I was able to have some
sweet potatoes for lunch so I'm going to
cut these up put them in the oven fix my
fingers but take my finger first I don't
want blood with my sweet potatoes so
it's when they're really productive 40
minutes ran into Brian's sister sam tsui
who is a musician on YouTube and Morgan
Spurlock's
so the pretty productive day at the
airport the usual think we'll catch our
flight now he's got our checklist done I
guess I should show you guys the final
products but it's pretty much gone so
when I was cooking no sweet potatoes
they are so delicious by the way it's
our sweet potatoes avocado dressing bean
salsa bell peppers and a key that's it
seriously so good oh so yummy I told you
guys the other day and I just I'm trying
to cut some of the healthy grocery girls
recipes
I found her on YouTube awhile back and
I've been following her and I
oh it looks really yummy and I never do
anything so I finally just started to do
some stuff it is so good you are sad
mister you're not it's funny you are
winding in the moment I start filming
you just kind of stopped what's wrong
you want your creditor come over
coby's at school in the Lidia's at
school when they're done I think maybe
they'll come over and you know what
Boston's get taken out it his house so
in Boston wakes up he'll come over - so
you and Calvin need to go take naps now
or you at least you know have some rest
and quiet time huh can you do that yeah
I don't know if I believe you do I
believe you
nobody did unless you while the kids are
taking naps what I decided to do is I
think it's so cute
is I have about five six pieces of paper
right here and it kind of just like a
little note to each of the kids and
something that they need to do and then
where to find their reward so I'm going
to be gone all week next week I'm doing
something that I've never done before
and I'm really excited I also feel a
little like spoiled I'm going on a girls
trip with some of my friends I'm excited
but I've also never left the kids that
long and I feel really good because
they're here with dad but I still want
them to have something fun to look
forward to because it is definitely out
of their norm when both of us are not
here and I just started really kids I
have like five so how many nice one two
three four I like six pieces of papers
that each day they have a little note so
I'll give you a little insight on what
the first day will be but you guys will
have to stay tuned to see about the rest
of them equally but the first one says I
love you my babies this week will not be
crappy with dad around
he is so good to you can you help him
with work and then it says after quiet
time go potty in the main bathroom don't
forget to flush and in the tub they will
be surprised with this little hoo
Jackson came out so I had to go put them
away
and the first one and not all of them
are going to be like this are just very
simple and this is for the boys to play
with doubt I think itself to the all who
needs batteries that you at the straw
day did it but you push it in it flushes
it's just like a game I just think that
the kids looking that's really funny
socially Jackson right now in his little
poopy diaper p-type er funny stage that
he was always saying so this would be
the first day and then every day they'll
have just something simple and sweet but
I'm really excited for this week I think
they're going to have a lot of fun and I
thought the flight was bad city next
regard next to Amy you know what I'm
kind of but then I get in the car I'm
with DI right here oh my gosh is a Erik
para guardar garrulous air is awesome
little cat ran into Coen in the airport
how fun today and we've got Brian sister
sitting up row with it this is going to
be a party guys the excited I'm excited
I'm excited I'm just I'm excited to you
exclamation point there are so many
exclamation points on us but we're
driving over the hotel gonna grab
something critical party party party in
a Prius okay I had to steal Bonnie
Angela's camera to get this but I saw
the closet I was like oh wow it's so
amazing the contrast like there's some
cool clouds over here at blue sky and
then these dark clouds coming in it's
like I've got to set up a time-lapse and
there's like nothing here like there's
no ledges like to really say your phone
on or anything like that
like it's just difficult like okay
where's ironing board we got to give it
up high so I got the ironing board
couldn't get my phone set up so we've
got an ironing board we've got a book
we've got my camera and then my phone is
getting the time-lapse
I'm using Bonnie and Joel's camera
because obviously my camera is being
used to hold the phone up the things you
do for the shot the things is there for
the shot watch this time-lapse is not
even any good but at any rate we're at
the hotel and the view is actually
really really cool we've got a nice
cityscape pretty cool view and we're
just going to hang it out before we go
down to the venue before we hang out
with Brian and Missy and their family
before the mansion called resort
okay at this time up oh no I just got a
notification and it moved my phone
you
so this is it these are the does for the
day I actually got the shirt yesterday I
sent three pictures to Ellie and she
picked this one and I feel like it kind
of got like a little shine to it well
now I can say like I am perfectly enough
for this I'm starting a stop
purpleturtle
not totally enough with the turtle club
anyway Joel are you ready to rock and
roll BK broiler okay we got to go get :
and we're going to go to this party and
listen to some Bryan Lanning music
obviously Ellie and I don't live in like
the city but one thing I love about
cities are just walking places what what
is it go funny
I just love walking around in like the
city like when Ellie and I went to New
York a couple years ago it was just fun
to walk around and hang out you could go
like go out your Doering like go get
breakfast like you can't do that where
we live you have to drive everywhere but
there is no traffic that's a nice one
Cullen with the wristband he's got black
and got green he's got blue he is all
access
this is where it's going to be
Scientologists hostile this is still
really cool though
wow this guy series like he's like you
guys get out of here like not where it
is at all
Cullen and I are kind of like and seeing
the event tonight but I mean we're going
up on stage
introducing some things or you know - up
the crowd with a high school with a yeah
MC master hyper in HD and right now
we're going through the setlist and
trying to figure out the best way so I
can type up the crowd break things up
and I have a little surprise for Brian
somewhere in the middle there so we got
our game plan here that we're going to
write out now we're going to start over
here in this area and then we're going
to come around so this guy right here
and we got to make sure we got something
in the floor okay we're over here yep
ring throw some water on the sub or girl
right now yep because oh so we've got
we've got the big audience here stages
up here and then we'll do a hot route
this way slant up to the yo what's up
man of the frickin hour this is a game
plan doing Brian real quick Brian happy
freakin birthday are you so excited to
be doing this all excited I'm so excited
to be their body ever thank you for
having us here so this is obsession okay
but that's it was cold but we've got to
get the game plan so okay we'll see if I
give him the blue steel blue sizzle the
big thing is we're just busy vixx is
done I guess
we've got this good-looking family
coming up next for pictures
you guys are awesome your prize is try
anyone seen in like where is he you
ready man you're gonna kill this Oh
you
hi guys you might seem really like crazy
on the blog baby decided but anyways
just writing an album release party but
it also is a birthday party for Brian
happy birthday
happy
not worth it really I couldn't let say
hi hi let's not look good
you trying to trick me onstage in front
of like five lines people maybe you
didn't really hear
right
I don't know why form you know look at
this guy's
we got like this is the original three
yeah bruh you too brother
oh geez brother we we have such a good
time at the concert Brian you did
awesome
seriously you kick butt and you took
names and you made songs and it was it
was awful after the concert we have like
a little get-together hung out with some
friends everything to its rate and now
we are hanging out right so our American
is hanging out with boys right now I'm
calling tonight so thank you so much for
watching the video if you enjoyed it
give it a thumbs up below
we worsen well shoot haha you're going
to pretend yeah when I threw it at me
okay if you're drawing sums up be sure
to subscribe them with you Oh check out
these I love you bye
