I enjoy the cookies Jackson thank you so
much Mack yeah incoming oh oh hey oh
that's mine
that is a lot of animated characters um
this is not yours
- chocolate one is mine come on penny
come on that's a good girl
look how beautiful it is today guys good
morning from the beautiful mountains of
Utah I'm here about the canyon doing
some investigating for a project that
we're working on
I brought penny along with me because
she's having fun and running around in
the snow I brought the drone with me so
I could show you I don't know how well
it's going to turn out though because
it's snowing and it's probably not
something you're really supposed to be
with the drum but happening
this entryway is pure ice look at
I'm not sure how smart this was but I am
sure glad my phone in water-resistant
like look at all the water the snow that
is on my phone
what in the world do you have in your
hands young man who is that what is that
a ball is that ball for you okay it's
for penny did you and mommy go to the
store today and you saw that did you see
it or did you mommy see it you saw it
and you want to tell you to have it that
is so nice and you should we open it up
that's a great idea and then guess what
you can give it to penny after it's all
open up does that sound good yeah okay
okay let's take a look and they can use
all did you hear that that makes me
pretty silly Phil I bet you anything
penny is going to go Kay sister are you
all done with your lunch here she comes
you ready Jackson you ready penny come
here okay rolling rolling what in the
world what do you think penny
she's like conclude by it has anybody or
two got it she grabbed it well I think
it's a buffet she likes it
she's a bad you is that funny talented
que Pena tend to have a potty break what
that tiny better take them out
you said you better tell them I'm giving
you permission you better back at them
right there in your bed colonel
kid you crazy kid so right now I am
doing oh sorry guys I've just stepped
off the ferry so what I'm doing right
now is I have mason jars that I am
washing out Jared swinging and some of
the lids and I washing that because I
have all of these grains like nuts Oh
granola sunflower seeds chia seeds all
sorts of seeds that I want to Linus's
mason jars and put this music laughing
good girl
and the reason why Jana I can be a
little bit more organized so I think
yesterday of telling you guys I am
starting this like healthy grocery girl
meal it's pretty much healthy meal
planning like it's not a diet
just like instead of me eating like tons
of junk food for lunch I'll actually a
meal so J's that's just a little bit a
lot over but that was salad and beans
and rice and you get the hint so I found
making Roosevelt on YouTube like six
months ago and I fell in love with her I
was searching refrigerator tours
that's how people organize their
refrigerators could be ready to do I
wanted to like see how other people
organized and that's why founder so
she's perfect a lot of healthy
plant-based meals on her website so
that's what I'm doing this because I'm
cooking lots of just better meals I get
her I cook for the most part pretty good
and we have our fair share of snacks but
for me yeah Neil's I would say are
usually like you know really really good
though we are very very snacky
yeah for snacking people it just goes to
show you can graze anything honestly you
have frickin refrigerator door I know
Derek will you were making fun of me
when I did like what are you watching
but now it's helping us become better
people right right police our tummies
Calvin and his dogs thank me we set it
up and laid down and look at it so even
if your puppy Calvin just opened up like
a little toy that we had in a little egg
and he got a dog in it and giggle loved
it and you got a doggy puzzle game huh
oh yeah so fine so see you sweatin lay
down stared at his doggy that you got
you boys a doggy say you doing good bud
you got her you're a good helper aren't
ya
she does smell something is she using
her nose you know dogs have really
really good senses of smell
yeah they can help find things so we are
here at the pet store penny is I've said
this 1 million times she is growing like
crazy puppy just grow so fast and we
have a puppy size kennel or crate and
now I think it's finally time she's
graduating she's getting bigger she's
moving on it's time to move her out
Ellie she is moving out of her kennel or
crate we're getting like an adult size
one that she can throw into a little bit
better you're bringing her over here bud
he actually is doing pretty good I mean
she she wants to explore but he's doing
good with her huh
you love the snow penny you were just so
excited to be right here oh yeah it's
good in those No yes get in enough
you're rolling in his no okay you're so
silly so I was cleaning out the van
earlier to get the can all situated so
we had enough space put a big crepe in
there and I noticed that the cooler was
still in the van and I listened to the
host like oh my gosh I don't there's
much different I loosen it up do you
hear that I was like what
there is no freaking way there's no way
I mean we got back Monday and today is
Thursday it's crazy that we haven't
taken the cooler out yet but even
crazier there is still ice in there like
there is ice in that cooler just found
like five days that is impressive
that is impressive okay I've got to get
that all cleaned out and everything
matching was a couple dr. Paris attack
we're gonna consult but the boys in
pinyin I have a job to do we are going
to put together this crate for penny so
she has a nice comfortable upgrader
plate because she was evicted from her
last home
what do you think okay alright so penny
penny credit is done now we got a big
one because obviously penny is going to
be a really big lab both of her parents
were really really large I think your
dad was 90 pounds and her mom was at
least 80 pounds something around that
and my dogs growing up Sam well my dog
Sam growing up I think he got up like 95
almost 100 pounds he was a big lab so
I'm excited about this one because I
think she'll be able to use it for just
about the rest of her life and we got a
big for that reason and she's at the age
now where I don't think we'll have to
put up a divider usually you put up a
divider because they if they have too
much space they may use it as a restroom
if it small enough dogs don't tend to
pee where they were they lay or where
they lie where they did labs love to den
and I think she's at the age where she's
not having accidents really anymore so
she can handle that big crate and I
think she'll be just fine so Penn what
do you think do you like it do you think
it's good it's been a while since I like
really got dolled up and who's
completely I've just been really
enjoying just like getting ready as far
as like makeup and hair just a little
bit and just enjoying it but this
morning I woke up at 6:00 for the kids I
showered my hair going makeup on I was
invited to Grand America which is this
really nice place in Salt Lake to have
lunch with SC and when they asked me I
was like dying I was like yes like I
love your kind of stuff I use it for
years and I just I love s you do nail
polish and so I thought that that would
be like a really cool opportunity to go
and then as I was getting ready and I'm
doing my nails you can see like they're
smudged a little bit like in the middle
of doing my nails I just got good done
I'm not going to go I'm going to be home
because the kids don't like
good like we don't leave on time but
when we do they're pretty good when we
go but they just were not having it this
morning and so I just like you know I'll
just email them and tell them you know
thank you Scott should the end by and I
am community that I need to just be home
and they were so sweet and good to write
back and you know we'll meet up again
with them one I thought it was a really
cool opportunity to I thought it was
really cool bit and we were able to
maybe work something out in the future
and you know there's just a lunch date I
think they were just gathering up a lot
of youtubers of bloggers just like have
a lunch I don't know what they were
going to do like check us out maybe you
want to work with us in the future or
something but I'm really glad that I
decided to stay home and just be home
with the kids these have a really good
relaxing day we've run a bunch of
errands you just been home both kids
fell asleep on me for nap time it just
was a good time just being with the
family you know like even though we are
all the time don't you think Jer oh yeah
this bean so that is our vlog for today
I just wanted to share that a little bit
with you how ours day was but I enjoyed
the cookies traction thank you so much
okay
hey oh that's mine oh dude chocolate
street is that you've got a lot of
animation houses um this is not yours to
chocolate one is mine thank you so much
for the sprinkles can I have a bite of
yours
that's a good way to share oh so good
I'll give you the rest thank you
so at that said thank you guys so much
for watching we will see you tomorrow
oh you might go to California and go to
range 142 vertical clam Calvin says no I
think that sounds fun you should go okay
boys boys party all that's the other
thing is I was going to say the one main
reason why I didn't go today to not
lunch is because I thought you know I'm
not going to be as the kids at all next
week I'm actually going on a little Mon
overnighter week a week overnighter with
moms and friends and I'm really excited
but I'm also really sad to leave the
kids and Jarrod for that matter so
that's why this rice but you know like
I'm going to be gone I just I'm just
gonna be home so I'm glad we made that
decision
yeah tell fun tomorrow thank you I'm
excited
