I my parents house Calvin is notorious
for taking remote and look at a Calvin
turn around show me what you have
good morning Calvin good morning Jackson
how are you buddy good you feeling
better your tummy hurting it still is
oh I'm sorry bud but you're doing okay
guess what we had a good night's sleep
we're back at our house things are going
great but there's one thing missing what
do we not have at our house right now
what penny Penny's not here yet should
we go pick up penny yeah should we go
get her and bring her home let's go do
it I'm gonna go pick up penny right now
and then our family will be complete
penny I got you number I need to make
you mine penny don't change your number
8 6 7-5 woof woof woof
Kenny it is so good to see you you have
grown up so much you are so big only a
few days hmm such a good girl we are
here at Petsmart and we are going to get
penny all washed and clean and ready to
go for when she sees the rest of the
family I'm so excited she's gonna smell
good she's gonna be nice and good now
she did awesome at the sitter as well a
lot of fun okay you ready to go let's go
okay be a good girl penny she is so
stinking cute I miss her already
oh so sweet oh yeah I probably won't see
you before you go so I want to tell you
something so sad I wants you penny
I'm a little sad too but don't worry
that just makes the welcoming that much
better
when you get home tonight sounds good
I'm on my way to a date with my sisters
Jackson is resti
Calvin's taking a nap gymnastic wears
both of them now so they're resting and
I'm on a date with my sister and I'm
going to pick up penny I love you with
you mmm and I can kiss you because Oh
mmm do I have anything on it no I'm good
you are the mmm mmm okay penny you ready
for this we're gonna go inside here we
are your home oh right where you know
where to go hi you feel good to be home
grandma's here hasn't she hasn't she
grown the law in just a few days it's
crazy yeah probably
she would go outside go potty let's go
potty okay hi Jackson did you have a
good nap yeah you did
well guess what I have a surprise for
you do you want to know something I
picked up penny oh do you want to go see
penny let's go upstairs and see her
she's waiting for you okay let's go come
on I know you just woke up I show some
excitement young man let's go see her
dog me okay someone's here to see you
penny come over here come here Jackson
come say hi
look she's sitting waiting to see you Oh
is she so excited oh she kissing yeah
can you give her oh that was a good kiss
huh she's smelling yeah um buddy look
look she's kissing yeah mm-hmm can give
her hugs yeah did you miss her
yeah
hi Calvin hi Penny's here look she's so
excited to see you boys did you know
that she is so excited to see you she
miss you just as much as you missed her
oh and she's so excited to even grab
your shoe Calvin is that silly of tinny
okay I'll go get it
but everybody says that I won I ordered
the chicken curry we are at the blue
lemon we are celebrating Ruby's birthday
but Ruby's not here right now
she is coming after dinner and we are
gonna do a really good activity that I'm
so excited about my sisters and my mom
we've been getting into painting a lot
this year so we're doing another paint
class and we are eating Emily got
chicken raspberry yummy what was that
I have you only broadened Bonnie and I
are gonna share because that is what I
wanted and so we're gonna share and then
mom got tacos yummy like so excited this
is so fun me
oh I can hover but what does it feel
like you like that
oh hey wad okay well I just came over
here to my parents house to say hello
for a minute I think we're probably
gonna have dinner together or something
because Ellie is out with her sisters
and you guys are we know that obviously
but we were just talking about how penny
like just in a few days she's been gone
she's grown so much it's just fun like
it's crazy how fast these puppies just
grow up dad was saying tell what were
you saying about chewing she spends a
lot more time chewing on things she's
supposed to be chewing on and not
chewing on things she's not supposed to
be doing right so not near as much
chewing on things like I don't know me
and lots more chewing on like bones and
treats and stuff so it's but it's just
it's a lot of fun today it's been really
good with her
mom's dryer baby this is what our end
goal should look like colors can be
different but it's going to be a bike of
flowers and I cannot wait to have this
in my laundry room because my grandma's
painting is in there that Bob Ross
taught her and out of pain and my tree
always biggest fun so we have that
painting and then every painting I do
three pieces I'm going to change it up
so this will go next in my laundry room
oh my gosh okay okay I have to go myself
first on my parents house
Calvin is notorious for taking remote
and look at a Calvin turn around show me
what you have sure your ankle hurts I
think you're also really hyper too
Calvin is notorious for taking the
remotes from like the TV and from the
stereo or whatever and he comes walking
into my mom's room my mom and dad's room
where my mom and I are talking about
something with three PlayStation
controllers he can barely hang on to him
and he's just like he's like I gotta
carry all of these that I've got to do
it
I've got to do it what happened to your
forehead let me see Bob oh my goodness
dude what'd you do did you bonk your
head yeah are you okay you tough okay
all right you are a tough kid not even
complaining or anything okay on your
marks get set go
mmm
oh he's going back you are so fast dude
high five
so to finish my story before we come
over to my parents house my parents will
hide all of the TV and stereo remotes so
Calvin doesn't get him and take them all
over the house but he somehow found the
PlayStation remotes and he's like I've
got them all I've got a mom I've got a
lawn mr. cool
let's see yet so mom happy birthday Ruby
happy birthday Ruby we're getting ready
to bring our baskets with flowers so I'm
really excited we took a little break to
let our paintings dry I'm so fresh that
when I leave what are you stupid
I love that we are all drawing the same
picture but everything is so different
the greenery is my favorite here's mine
Bonnie's spiky samwell's mama so here's
the finished product this is my cute
little bike here is my signature
I love it I seriously this is so
therapeutic Emily's turned out wonderful
okay Emily fondue I love how all of them
turned out so different and moms
I'm changing my flowers so cute Penny's
asleep dang it and all of my dreams
Oh boohoo yeah Penn is this like should
we go wake her up so you can see oh no I
don't want to wake her it's really late
I was my head's killing me it was good
it was a very long drive so it's like
that's like almost midnight and you just
had a really long drive yesterday yeah
the car up no was it cheap bad huh yeah
I'm glad you're home yeah yes thank you
guys so much for watching today I had so
much fun painting so much by taking
Jackson did the gymnastics
kids did awesome tonight they fell
asleep really quick how is Cal he was
great did you have to rock him ba I
rocked him once like just as there was a
her to bed and then you cried for a
minute and anyone to see oh good he's
been a little funny lately K well thank
you guys so much for watching we'll see
you tomorrow
