Clay's only this is your captain
speaking my name is Jared Miko you'll
notice I'm going to keep the fasten
seatbelt sign on for the remainder of
the trip just the GPS page but feel free
to move about the cabin if you need to
go to the bathroom or anything except
please don't use the bathroom
the man that says man that's
we want to thank you for choosing
Pacifica pathways as your choice today
we know you have a lot of discontent to
travel it we want to thank you and
welcome
good morning guys it is a freezing 8
degrees Fahrenheit right now and I am
getting ready to start this road trip
with my family the kids are still asleep
and we're actually getting a later start
than we wanted to mostly because we
wanted Jackson to sleep as much as he
could because of how he was feeling last
night he is still asleep
Calvin is still asleep Ellie is still
asleep so I am getting the van ready
we're going to clean it out get it ready
for this 11 hour road trip home I've
already gone through and like picked up
all the garbage from the van and thrown
that away but we've got like all of
these crumbs and all of these toys that
hinges just be organized I'm going to
put those away and hopefully by the time
I'm done everyone will be awake and then
we can all get ready to hop in the van
we should look into the camera into
Jerris camera and Calvin came up and
gave it to me so thanks Calvin
hi Jared showering Calvin just ran and
hid behind the currents dude come on out
to come on out miss Calvin it is 10 past
8:00 and Jackson is still asleep
if you guys remember last night he
wasn't feeling very well asleep he woke
up twice if he woke up at 6 in 7th and
he asked for water and shockingly went
right back to that I was like oh ok so
if you desperately is getting over from
whatever if you didn't feel well
yesterday piece of seagull shh shh so I
imagine he'll wake up soon and then
we're gonna go below
you ready copilot here we go let's go
we've got the Pacifica all packed up
ready to rock and roll everyone is in
the van and we are the last one to leave
the hotel and we are saying goodbye to
good old Washington wait not yet not yet
not yet did you guys catch it you guys
see what we forgot there's one thing my
folks I wonder if any of you guys saw it
in the previous clip I can't remember if
I showed that part of the hotel room but
if you saw it let me know ok now I think
we've got everything now it's official
goodbye let's go all right we are packed
up in the Pacifica can we get a roll
called dead here mom here Ellie Jackson
Calvin Calvin
yeah hey let's hit the road say bells on
everybody we are ready to rock and roll
ass nigga
the
so we're just taking a little pit stop
getting them gas about to grab some
lunch and I'm just holding Jackson here
and stomach isn't feeling very good so
I'm just kind of hold them you doing
okay buddy
yeah yeah you're going to be okay when
we get back on the road that's my boy I
sure love you around baby oh yeah
and I don't mind one bit I love holding
my little boy yeah my dad said he
doesn't want to try to the nighttime we
switched up real quick I'm going to
close my eyes because I can get to sleep
a little bit
I could drive the rest the way home
Oh
please gentlemen interfere captain
speaking my name is Jared Miko I just
wanted to give you a quick heads-up
about our travels today we are cruising
as they fall in at 80 miles per hour
we've had a head wind coming in from
these Maui so we're going to expect a
couple minutes delay but nothing
terrible will be able to get you get you
home
right about when we want to about 6:18
p.m. about four hours left on this trip
here you'll notice I'm going to keep the
fasten seatbelt sign on for the
remainder of this trip just the GPS age
but feel free to move some cabinet
if you need to go to the bathroom or
anything for example please don't use
the bathroom
in advance of subnet that's better
we want to thank you for choosing
Pacifica pathways as your choice today
we know you have a lot of discussions as
you travel if we want to make you in
welcome
well 11 hours later and we made it to
your house we are here huh and we are
here I am tired but we've got one more
stop to go you guys good we're good hey
thanks for watch for like helping with
the drive I appreciate that you know
what it was really fun
yeah it was really fun the tech on the
car was so amazing yeah do you like s oh
yeah my favorite thing is the adaptive
cruise control Oh ed makes driving so
much fun yeah that is awesome
the lane took a look though what has it
called the lane keep assist yeah yeah
yeah that took a little bit of getting
used to but after I got you said I love
that too yeah it's a it was really fun
yeah I mean not not having to touch the
gas with a break for miles and miles and
miles about yeah it's like it was really
fun yeah
well thank you guys again I hope you
sleep well I hope we can go to bed your
kids sleep well please
crossing our fingers okay good night
guys yeah love you
hey buddy does it feel good to be home
yeah you still have a balloon from your
birthday party huh and ghulami band on
what happened to your pants oh that's
because home is where the pants aren't
right okay buddy it is late I think we
should get you to bed so come to me hug
from you me a big big big oh it's fun is
vacation to visiting family is it is
always nice to be back in your own bed
you think I feel like my mind right now
like I feel like I'm in the twilight
zone like I feel like my head is
spinning and I don't know where I am it
feels like a dream we've been in there
the whole time for like how many hours
last two two then two more hours to our
like I keep see I keep taking two hours
and like six hours passed by like how do
you still have two more hours ago the
kids did pretty good considering this so
okay let's let's be honest here the firt
so it was like an 11 hour 12 hour drive
and the first 10 hours they did so
freaking good like idle at all pull out
of that yeah the last hour too was rough
on both ends but like we could not have
asked for anything better from them no I
did a video that I'm hoping will be up
tomorrow probably after our vlog though
might be up tomorrow afternoon of a
video of our travel experience and some
of things that we brought for the kids
so keep our eye out for that thank you
guys so much for watching we love and
miss you already Ghent ice in Canada and
Nixon and China summer is so good to us
thank you guys so much for making our
weekend fun we'll see you guys later
thanks for watching
