I'm just laughing like I'm just laughing
like whether we're home or whether we're
in the hotel in Washington Peppa Pig
seems to make everything better right
boys I have a peg leg
you guys even know how cute you are can
you guys even understand or fathom that
hey how you doing there dad I'm good you
didn't thinking yes I was meditating hi
Nixon hi buddy oh are you oh do you say
hi hi Uncle Jared you're the best uncle
ever oh so we're a backup at Tysons
property up here and this is the first
time since the incident that we're
busting out the drone luckily I had for
replacement propellers so we're going to
try out the drone let Tyson fly it
around and see what we can overhear it's
beautiful out here it's gorgeous so this
is like the best place to fly the drone
crossing our fingers it will actually
take off we're you guys ready for this
yeah we're ready just don't crash it
like I did I could already tell you're
much better pilot than I am and there's
no overpass are you ready there's the
moment of truth oh my gosh I'm nervous
still good
you
you
so yesterday I said that today is a very
special day for Jennifer and Tyson and
it is it's a blessing day for their baby
Nixon so if you guys unknown Jennifer
and Tyson have Cannon and he's just a
little bit older than Calvin and they
have a three-month-old Nixon and they
just blessed that baby today you guys
may remember when Calvin was blessed
I'll have that video link down below it
goes into a little more detail about
what happened and everything but we're
just kind of hanging out here at Tyson's
parents house and having a good time
just hanging out watching football
having dinner and just enjoying each
other's company and we took some time
out to fly the drone because it's
beautiful out here but you know some
days are just a little bit different
with our vlogs we try and spend more
time with family and that's exactly what
we're doing right now but I came out
here to the van because I have some dr.
pepper and dr. pepper is delicious we
had dinner not too long ago is this
delicious meal and now we're about to
get ready and have dessert they have a
bunch of different desserts and all the
Tyson's families coming down to hang out
with us and have dessert and get this
last one and I can't get this on we have
super white on to entertain the kids
Jackson's not feeling very well actually
the games on to entertain the boys and
we have the baby to entertain X huh
Nixon today was your day
you got a blessing today very special
hey buddy cannon you come give me a hug
goodbye oh okay but it was good to see
you do you love hug device yeah see fun
huh give me the key if you are your
little cutie you just been so happy this
whole time haven't you yeah haven't you
little Nixon thank you for responding
that was so sweet of you
okay we'll see you later bye-bye
like a good boy I was writing it I am
NOT yeah thank you
for you to come again yes we were all
but enough for our part just we never
know when we're going to see each other
again are you cheering on Jen I just
said Ellie oh I don't think my face are
you saying goodbye to Calvin so we left
the party a little bit early because Jax
is not feeling all that great he's just
kind of saying my tummy hurts my tummy
hurts
so we brought him back so we could get
these kids to bed it's about 6 o'clock
so it's it's about their bedtime anyway
but Jackson how are you feeling buddy
you doing okay yeah you feel kind of
warm yeah yeah what hurts your tummy how
does it feel
yeah do you feel like it you're you have
to poo well that's good good yeah he had
a hard time sleeping last night
Calvin seems to be doing pretty good
though so I think it'll be a pretty
isolated event and not much will happen
from it and I hoping he gets over it by
tomorrow because we're actually leaving
tomorrow morning to go back to Utah I'm
just laughing like I'm just laughing
like whether we're home or whether we're
in the hotel in Washington
Peppa Pig seems to make everything
better right boys I was so impressed
that we even found Peppa Pig like what
are the chances I think someone is
watching over us
Peppa Pig like good night buddy
oh can you kisses mmm
but one time you want me I'm stifling
this hilarious chairs had a little
powder drummer after breakfast they each
felt a little donut and shared signal
can reach Allah and he would not go to
you and then went to go give it a chance
it'd be had to go to Daddy cuz I want
him to sell me a lot while you're
working you wouldn't go even even with
me having a donut he wouldn't come to me
open never you want me how many cuz I'm
saying bed mm-hmm yes he's not on the
cartridge I don't know because I had to
do it and he didn't want to come to me
that's it what now you want me take good
night three - you - I said banana
okay good night yours ideas like all
over the place I love it you feelin okay
buddy
you've been a good sport yes my buddy I
love you did you have fun here in
Washington and what was your favorite
part
ain't you a nice ok it was that your
favorite part ah good do you like seeing
the house in the chickens yeah good and
they thank you slowly and reckon and
John Canyon make you say me Frank even
close if someone could translate for
that for me that would be awesome
can you say good night or grab this game
change I'll see you tomorrow ok my brain
I just grabbed all of the drone footage
from my dad's computer who I grabbed it
from initially I filmed it at Tyson's
house and my dad has computer there
put it on there so I could save it and
bring it here but now I'm amazed that I
even have the drone working like think
about hitting an overpass at what 35
miles an hour or something like that I'm
just shocked that it's so working we're
all shocked but I wanted to ask you guys
so you guys stayed over there a little
bit longer and then you said goodbye to
Jennifer how was I was Kerry yeah I
think I mean she took it harder than I
thought you know she was she was tearing
up for me you know so did she tear up
for you guys
yeah yeah we have a special connection
so if you guys don't know that I have
five siblings and there's four of four
of my oldest sibling are are closer and
age and then there's a like a five-year
gap between me and my older brother Matt
and then it's me and Jennifer so
Jennifer and I were like we're like
buddies like we hang out we were really
close and like when all the other kids
were out of the house and college and
all this up Jennifer and I hey we're at
home so you know we're tight we're
buddies it's hard to see her like that
you know but it makes me feel good that
she I know is that selfish or what
terrible yeah rotten person um but
Jennifer it was so good to see you we
miss you so much and Ellie and I
actually already talked about this we're
planning a trip to come out and see you
guys maybe during the summer time you
guys should come out and say yes because
that would be a lot of fun too we have a
giant hot tub Jenn Jenn we have a giant
hot tub come swim in our giant hot tub
okay then we'll look
I love his little bun I love them kids
sleeper Bombonera it goes in there you
know like my favorite you know I'm sure
and I just got done talking about
something with this
who would have change us into some goals
that we have it's been week a nice night
to just talk yeah college I thought cut
and turned in a little early and have a
night to ourselves to talk yeah I'm
excited for a road trip back I really am
I think it'll be faster going home
usually it's right I hope so hey how
much I do I got the rush highly together
whatever every to make up
I think I'm planning on seven o'clock I
think we're just gonna take it easy
tomorrow we're going to call it a night
thank you guys for watching
my boy
