baby sexy bum-bum-bum up up up up up up
up um what about you want to try it I'm
a little plate up how good you good
morning guys and we are up and early we
went to bed Lloyd the one thing the kids
really really wanted to do is to go back
with us to normal back about in the what
the hot tub if you get the hot tub this
is so cool
they're getting those mothers getting
ready getting submission up the walk the
good day good morning Calvin that yogurt
good we are eating breakfast yeah how
was breakfast buddy
I'm glad you enjoy it good I just can't
get another those go right look good
morning are you talking to foxy you get
Canon your game
I'm do it he knows that go get that for
you can look like you guys did track
should we show you how to how to use it
put it on the floor take your hand
whoa how do you do it there we go ready
push it can you push it back your head
kind of hard hope that works too just
push it
woo
so we are at Jennifer's in-laws parents
house and they live they have like a
phones but they have like cow and sheep
or do they have do you guys have sheep
chickens chicken cows and chickens now
like sheep only they're chickens exactly
like you yeah this is a beautiful
beautiful scene I hear Jackson and
Calvin are going to go say hi to the
cows
oh yeah watch out for those but do you
see the chickens buddy what do you think
yeah
should we go feed him yeah let's go feed
him can you walk up and she'll grab it
on your hand
yeah hold it in your hand good good job
bud what do you guys know cool yeah
where's the chicken today Jackson haha
does it sound like they say that yeah it
kind of does huh hey Calvin you want to
say hi to the chicken listen hurry I say
hi to the chicken you can shake it take
your mama Joanna Pettis he doesn't mommy
hi kickin chicken hear you say yeah
there you go good job exactly look at
you go because she likes Clea that
wasn't bad at all but well I know those
are baked cows see right here look Ava's
this little ice cow poo Wow
mud pies you call
what do you think of that yes a big one
huh are they eating
yeah look there's even a baby
what is that your Barnaby barks again
one more fish gonna tongue on hoisin
there we go you know what you've done
this before haven't ya you know all
about aliens I can put it right up
social take it look at me see watch this
yeah let's hold it right here there in
the whole time hold your hand out jack
put it out put it out Oh make it out
okay strike it out most you need it
there you go making sure to feed the
baby yes such that's a big one
you gotta move out of the way yeah gummy
badgers away so yeah stick out yeah help
so those are all the cows that we were
just seeing and now Jackson really wants
to see the bull you ready to see the
ball hey Eddie
hi oh you like that don't ya baby why a
huge mr. J huh yeah you told her
something
look he's getting up he's like yeah I've
got company here hey bud last time I
weighed mr. Johnson he was and then I'm
sorry later time how many 3,400 3,400
pounds it's about how much I bent on a
good day they could be Catholic hey
buddy
yeah let me that a good-looking bull you
know like look at that look at that
you're riding the bull Jackson he's
fearless like he really really is you
like a proposal
yeah the writer of the whores name
Entergy how you doing
you havin a good day mr. J are things
okay while you're eating hey mr. J what
do you say you like to hang out at the
bay get out of my face get out the way
Oh mr. J good job Calvin yeah they're
really nice
please three huh oh those are the die
Norma's one there's the longer they are
the harder it is the fall so the next
activity of the day is cross-country
skiing and I've gone cross-country
skiing one time I got cross-country skis
for Christmas when I was like ten years
old something like that and I went
around the block a few time and that was
all I did damn my grandma's like nice to
kid you go aunt is like no dude
well change your kids but we're like
okay we'll take you up on that but look
how beautiful this is out here the Sun
is about to go down
and we're going to go cross-country
skiing as the Sun Goes Down with these
giant ones right here okay you can put
your toe in and then you close it Ellie
literally just said this is going to be
so much fun and Tyson said we'll see and
I think you're like trying to set us up
for some failure and then Scott or
people the house will see I guarantee
I'm gonna visit if I'm not ever done
well this is totally different than
skiing yes totally different
this is wholly different my highlighter
easier than I don't know he means I
heard snow I've seen one
well Jackson would be perfect at it then
you
you
only does no
ah
my filming it I'm trying my best
hi how are you guys
well I think I take the award for the
most crashes on that little adventure
how'd you do that was fun it was a lot
of fun I think yeah why did you freeze
outside yeah you know what
I'm just going to take you skiing
sometime soon there are you excited for
that yeah
not cross country skiing though because
daddy falls way too much cross-country
skiing huh
yeah you know about that huh very very
sexy watch okay ready
here we go rum pum rum pum rum pum pum
pum pum some pom pom pom pom pom pom pom
pom pom papapapapapap um baba
got is preparing it you want to try it
okay you got to do the sound though okay
can you make the sounds - okay now don't
hold don't hold on the paper just hold
right here hold it right here so you
don't hold the paper can make the sound
ha ha ha good job
you want a again you are crazy young man
that was a good shot but I'm a little
afraid of how good is it so we are just
here dinner we're waiting for Jennifer
we're here at the table shooting straw
killing on wait
yeah don't you dare don't you dare da
Justin Jackson what are you going to do
creepy there ain't a sorry
so what animal did you see had I stuck
it in and you got house
what was the cows name the big cow the
bull close the name mr. yeah very good
mr. J Jeffrey just came back from the
bathroom and you have something very
special
the homing Tommy no need us okay
first of all congratulations cannon this
little guy is potty trained
you're potty trained when you pop ID and
then antenna house on to show me are you
ready
okay possesses you're contains Nixon
refer to like can't find the changing
table so I go in here because there's
less holes down honey
oh my gosh you know I'm short and
clearly just drunk earth Nixon is really
hard to change I also hear that's
amazing that's amazing that is very high
yes ha that's funny you guys so high
women like to pick up of an all new
system amazing I slide you Romney
handsome and also just so you guys know
you should never spot with your spurs on
our kids my friends with his service
funny even high-fiving each other my
Jimmy so husband's like well when we got
back from dinner we kinda just came in
to my parents hotel room and now we're
just hanging out and talking Jennifer
and Tyson just left not too long ago we
played some game what was the game we
played it it was like a descriptive game
you're like mine is like cherries or
something like that
what was it cause it was a good guessing
game yeah
so the my head sense mine is warm and it
was like the word of pizza something
like that so we did we did that marry my
sister
yeah we're all really tired okay leave
it alone and ascended in and talking
about kids diapers and how our every
conversation we have ultimately ends up
in poop doesn't yeah that's just kind of
how how things go uh so poop I'm pooped
by the way whoo good night guys love you
too see in the morning we got a really
exciting morning tomorrow it's going to
be a really special day for Jennifer and
I from their little family
watching my boys our food tonight
tomorrow I wanna
