Oh
show me hey hey I'm sincerely I got a
half a head and act a bowl
good morning guys it feels like just a
couple of hours ago I ended yesterday's
vlog and this much is true just four
hours ago I went to bed but now we are
all up and we're all getting ready to go
are you guys excited to go morning you
guys are up way too early I see that
yawn Calvin
do you know where we're going today
we're going on a big road trip oh my
that's a great idea we can't call a road
trip without your shoes what about you
Cal say banana so we got all of our
stuff here that we've got to pack up in
the Pacifica suitcase winter clothes
that we put all over there the drone of
course and then we got some goodies over
here
all right it is two o'clock there on the
roads and kids actually woke up before
we leave anyway they Jackson is so happy
Calvin is not no amount of free street
oil make him happy
he doesn't like getting in the hot seat
what is it about two and a half minutes
and he'll be poison and fall we are on
the road
Calvin is not happy the rest of the
photo so there is our healthy okay in a
minute
good morning good are you yes could hear
you singing Oh dad it's six o'clock in
the morning you sit in here playing
guitar
hi are you ready to rock and roll BK
broilers I am let's get full ready let's
get on the road oh my goodness and don't
worry we have a man okay good
but
okay let's do a roll call Ellie here dad
your mom present Jackson celery and
Calvin and I'm here too
we've got a full van and we're ready to
go in the road you guys ready rocks look
it we've got the whole middle pile
ground grandpa the kids back there
pick your blankie is everyone comfy I'm
coming at ya say a prayer and go
and then she said how many Sundays would
you like can you believe that
you
my god okay we took a pit stop we went
to the bathroom
Jarrett's flying the drone and it
crashed and so Jared had to go get a
beer right so I have five degrees it's
like listen like negative the to
negative 2 and 11 degrees the whole way
is it broke huh
are you free when you move barely helped
to the snow in the median yeah
Kelvin broken Pavillon oh well on the
right again
hahahaha happy kid in a snack
ouchie ouch
it is absolutely gorgeous out here but
the wind is blowing like crazy and it is
below zero I think it's oh no it's
actually not it's 9 degrees outside
which is listed or take this a little
quick potty break before we get back on
the road and then before we have a
little bit of fun later on we I tried
testing it a little bit earlier roaming
on another break and I broke my HDMI
cable luckily dad has one in his
briefcase from his laptop I think he's
just as excited about it as I am right
now
we were ready
Brown your eyes or is it this was it dis
yeah
okay now Tommy sighs something horny
what
please look not get that sighs you see
you spied something Sharky on your water
bottle
okay
Hey
Wow
the dad and I are going to do a little
swap arou we just grab some lunch now
he's going to take over on the driving
for a second so there's a few things
I'll show you here that will first of
all I loved heated during it in so
obvious of comfy when it's 11 degrees
outside so there's a couple of things
here I want to show you this is your
adaptive cruise control button this is
your spacing between the cars if you
want to go find out all you can change
that cool and you can change the speed
here okay this is your lane departure
right here and if you ever feel the need
like you want to park or anything like
that this button right here will make
the car do it the van do it for you
like parallel park parallel park and
like backing it so it does a lot of
different things
Wow obviously we've got the brake and
then the gas which case you obviously
know about all right honey and snow yeah
yeah it's everywhere we've been to it
there's been no and there's not much
snow here but there's you know when I
lost the drone there was about three
feet of my niece's terrible job that is
driving I'm sitting here in the bag
doing something amazing I am playing the
PlayStation on the screen of the seat I
just plug in the HDMI right here I've
got my fancy 15 right here let's do it
guys I'm like this is like this child
and he is going crazy right now because
the only thing I wish I could do in
Bremen as a kid and I was happening
right now because I'm a freak is so cool
you're welcome
whatever
you
so the kids aren't doing awesome they're
just hanging out Calvin is looking at
the little red viewfinder thing I can't
remember that cause and we're singing
out here Jackson has a book and we are
going to be there in about an hour and a
half because the kids are doing great
fire drill
oops careful we're doing a little fire
drill switching up drivers there we go
watch out for the PlayStation it was
falling out and I've got my phone a rice
cake and my dr. pepper the problem okay
so I want it to be known we are almost
there not only are we almost there but
the toughest parts of the trip were
driven by Guess Who me uh uh Foreman dad
the dad well that was not intentional
whatsoever divided it up pretty evenly
dad thanks for telling me Ellie
okay show me hey hey I'm sincerely I got
a having a Jack the bowl we're in the
last 30 minute stretch we have some
whiny taco and softball and Calvin Dean
Jackson right here okay you have you
look three year old did so good so good
you're serious Calvin had a much harder
time but did pretty good that last 40
minutes she was like painful for him and
I felt that so painful but where there
are three cards we're in the middle of
nowhere but we're gonna see ijen sooner
and I got taken and Canada makes changes
don't get it don't see the tub
Calvin go to the tub Calvin had our
cameras so whatever quality is awful
there are three other people in this
okay
oh is it just one floor no there's like
three floors I think so are they all up
I feel I think they're all so get this
she is like like three people here
tonight she's like it since you've got
the family I'll just give this to you
for the normal price like I feel like
lately got toughened a lot to us are you
lying or you don't I'm not lying
well that was really nice oh my goodness
right I know they're for club Wow
I can't wait to sleep here yeah no
that's your bed over there that big one
okay baby baby
this is a casino meal but all not bad at
all he's being so soft careful Elden
again I know again that Calvin horrigan
he is so precious I just wish you were
away so we could hold him hi Jim how are
you good to see you that was so fast I
know my sock you don't open and let her
open it
Jennifer has wanted squid cookies I
brought her some swag cookies yeah and
you guess what you don't even have to
share they're just for you yeah after a
long day of traveling we gotta make our
presence known
yeah hi Shannon how are you but rectory
use that were you giving him a back
massage oh now you're trying to here let
me help you I'll give you one capture
there you go there you crazy and Hawk
don't you have a present
scrappy attention we'll give it to them
you know we'll give it to we'll give it
to you tomorrow okay buddy we got a gift
for you mate we're all here go to bed
we'll get it you tomorrow
Ellie you're crying why are you crying
Calvin what you said you don't know who
you telling I know
oh now you want you want to say hi oh
good job Calvin
my name is telling you happy times this
is going to be you someday his eyes he's
like me yeah I know
that's so cute he liked him hey I'm not
expecting that
yeah you expect to be expecting right
naughty baby
oh he just wants to hug him didn't make
it oh can you give him a kiss yeah song
kid just a soft kiss yeah yeah yeah I
get weird but I don't want got something
I'd like a newborn in a while yeah like
that didn't do I know it's like I'm
gonna die in some cuteness right now
it's so sweet because we're like and I
was like there's a soul in our you
forgave Jackson's y'all can say hi you
want to say hi to Jackson
you boys are this thing I have no good
in song and you know that hey you so few
you know Ellie was crying when she
started picking him up okay because I'm
writing live it goes that's a great song
really - I just picked him up and
initially I was like oh
again another I know a lot well I
thought it's going to be different less
we made it to Washington to visit my
sister and her brand-new baby Nixon
can't wait to this wonderful weekend
with family and not really great if you
enjoyed this video give it a thumbs up
if you're new to this channel hit that
subscribe button we'll see you guys
tomorrow on another amazing day kids /
sleep Ilia to sleep and I can't wait to
get the bed I've been up for 21 straight
hours I'm ready for bed okay
goodnight bye
