if I pretend I'm sad he'll do what I'm
good morning penny good morning
Calvin is my one group you work in my
dad his hair looks so red today just
like more revenue on oh hey redhead just
go get Jack ice time to show him hey
banana
hey daddy it's my boy
hey mama hey mama hey Jake grandpa hey
grandma
Jackson can you come here who is that
do you know who but baby that is cannon
cannon hey it's not your cousin cannon
this is baby Jackson cut to you when you
were brand-new when a crown brand-new
not brown how would you when you're new
Wow look at it
is that you yeah there's a baby yeah you
got crazy to think that you grew up to
be that big yeah you were so sweet yeah
I remember dressing you that day yeah I
saw his picture on my timeline three
years ago and I was like I remember that
day I remember dressing him
I remember him scratching himself I was
so sad and I wasn't a nurse's ball
obviously but they took him to get a
checkup or whatever and he came back
with the scratch on this face because
you know they had had to take his hands
out of his sleeve I was just so sad that
he got a scratch but on his face but
that is Jackson sold it all what I just
can't even handle it I cannot even
handle ax I hope no one's annoyed lately
I feel like all I've done like is like
they were so and all they've gotten so
big and it's just crazy to me it's great
Nate tell men why are you so big they
can be pizza thank you
Jeff son Calvin can you say jerk dog hey
hey are you gonna go down for a nap Sam
yeah
come give me a hug come give me hugs
what what don't give me hug
that's hey guess what
Jackson hey do you know that we are
going to go on a road trip tomorrow you
you do are you going full-time yeah
that's a road trip dance right there so
we've got to get some more things Ellie
got a bunch of stuff for the road trip
yesterday most of it exists and like
entertainment is some like really good
snacks but we need to get some stuff
because my parents are coming along with
me so Jack and guess what we are going
to go pick up grandma and we're going to
take her to the store with us and we're
going to go get some goodies for the
road trip and cheap yeah and treats you
ready we're all ready right now you have
to no pants no shirt no shoes no service
okay don't get some clothes on young man
Calvin where's the clock can't show me
where the clock is there it is and what
color is it Jackson yeah yellow and what
does yellow mean yes time to get up I
guess my goodness morning she came in my
room is 17 you said mom I caught my
coffee brown out yeah Jackson stated his
bed the entire night and he told me he
got up a couple times and he told me the
clock is blue my clock is blue but he
stayed in bed the whole night could you
be staying at house yellow huh you did
those good but I'm so proud of you and
Calvin slept through the whole night
when she's been doing great like last
last week you had a really really rough
week where he's just like with anything
didn't sleep I think you woke up once or
twice I'm proud of you two kids you know
that bye all right I've got the dream
team here with me the dream team now
here's the thing guys on this road trip
I want to I want it to be a light road
trip so we're only going to pack the
essentials okay only get the essentials
Jackson okay just the essential gypsy
sand out of the essentials now the
reason that I don't want to bring it on
the stuff is we're only going to be gone
for not that long so I think I've got
all the essentials that I need here hey
Jackson does this look good do you think
we're ready for our trip now Vicki we
got the missiles right do we need
anything else what else do we need chip
okay dr. pepper and chips the essentials
for a road trip you heard it here first
from the source penny
sit sit sit you know you're in trouble I
am not happy with you and God that was I
just chased her through the house
there's your favorite toy she cannot
have your favorite toy huh you run with
that one of the things that we need to
get while we're here is a little gift
bag so Jackson which gift bag out of
these ones here do you think would be
good for a little baby all that one
right there that's cars huh do you think
a baby would like that one yeah or which
other one minions you are so silly I
think we will stick with this one right
here because this baby is so stinking
cute
I'm getting our family pack situated
ready to go lining everything up we've
got a suitcase over there penny I think
this is on the house in my arms ha ha ha
and she lays her head she could be his
melon girl look at that like a look at
her she's like acting like a baby do we
get that for our trip got some string
cheese you got lots of stuff for our
trip and getting ready to do a video
look at her look at her face oh I hope
you always have some wrinkles well
that's why he named our dogs wrinkles
wrinkles is because he had so many
wrinkles in when she was a puppy like it
was just full on her face and it would
just like cover her eyes it was the
cutest thing ever before we get into our
actual road trip I'm going to show you
one last thing
we cannot go and visit family without
bringing them a little
something-something so for Jennifer for
having her little baby Nixon I got him a
little outfit and then her little boy
cannons go ahead a little truck and then
these are some clothes don't fit
Calvin anymore that I will give to mix
them for when they for when he fits in
them and then she has been dying for
some stupid cookie so Jared's mom got
her some stupid cookies that we are
going to put in a bag and bring a little
present for an adult eater how come this
is so funny to me you guys use my second
eye pockit you so mad
and I'm laughing so hard here we go
what'd you put in this house Korea and
by me taking our shoes off it's nothing
yummy popcorn in here me I can get Cody
and that's good he forgot hi new dress
yeah whoa well
listening yeah hi mink
oh you smell good I do hi well Cody I
heard was upset oh he was bawling his
little eyes out oh we have it well this
is just the cutest thing we're thinking
you two fighting buddies yeah you're
trying to take a toy love your fire
Calvin you have the whole guy right now
if you have his favorite toys that mom
gave him again here you better run I saw
you getting ready to push him be nice
you so oh very tackling him if I could
get under ball oh oh oh
okay we're excited as I've watching this
unfold oh not here he has a head a binky
in burns did he take it
well he wants to but he doesn't like
know how anymore do you even know how to
use that Calvin go give it to Lincoln
chomping oh go give it to me Ken
oh that's nice thank you
if that girl yes
hey if I pretend I'm sad he'll do what I
make sure I'm okay
hi yeah she doesn't like what I'm sad so
it was really cute I should put your
emotions like that that is the most
beautiful song I've ever heard I could
listen to this all thinking day long I
could me you want me to do it but ah oh
did I do it wrong yeah I can't do it I
don't know how to do it
I'm a little bubble blah you like valid
oh you are not going to believe it
no show here Oh LM crazy
you guys are not gonna believe this
story I'm waiting Ally I think she's
like painting her nails or something
like that far less important about what
I have to say it's about time oh my
goodness gracious Elly
okay okay okay just stay right there
don't move a muscle
okay okay so now that she's here I've
got a set of the story real quick I've
got to process this don't look at the
back don't look at the bag snob hey I
got preface the story a little case so
we got the kids done to bed Ellie and I
have to pack for this road trip that
we're going on and we're just like you
know we're kind of hungry but we don't
necessarily want to leave sort of
thinking of all these places that do
delivery and more youth cafe is a place
that does delivery that's not too far
from here they have amazing hamburgers
and so we call them for we go online and
we make an order and
really amazing quinoa okay yeah Ellie
got a quinoa so not important okay we go
online and we make this order and then
after we submit the order they call us
and say hey the delivery both of our
delivery drivers are out and it's going
to take like an hour to deliver you want
to pick up or do you want to wait for
the hour and I was like um we'll just
come in and pick up it's really no big
deal and 11 yeah yeah it was just like
we are are we anyone that's what the
whole the beauty of delivery right you
don't have to leave you don't even have
to put pants on if you don't really want
to I had to put pants on I went to go
pick it up when I got there Ellie when I
got there they were just like we are so
sorry that you had to wait or you had to
come pick it up instead of being
delivered I was like that's really no
big deal and then guess what they said
then they said we're so sorry about that
do you want us to throw in like some
sundaes or something like that shut at
and I was like I was like look at me my
name is Jared I'm not gonna say no to
some sundaes and guess what they said
after that guess here's a free dr.
pepper no they said how many do you want
Jared how many do you want
you're all out like there wasn't a limit
to how many that I could ask for I could
have asked for seven I could have asked
for seven Sundays but no I didn't
adverse every Sunday but I got a look
like a president I got you the caramel
sundae and I got me a hot fudge sundae I
love caramel but that's not in LA I'm
really loud right now we're just leaving
not only do we give the sundaes but we
got the the authentic coke come the
authentic dr. pepper like these are so
hard to find and get this Ellie there's
more to this story and then you get the
best word order now and you'll get
another for $19.99 so easy babies at
xango nine
if you order in the next 10 minutes
we'll throw an extra free scarf no get
this I cannot believe the time is
laughing I can't believe this whole
situation what happened but then this
happened on top of that guess what they
have fur can you believe what Elly look
at this I haven't had this since I was a
child I'm acting like a child right now
so that's why I have it look at that
this is the best loot ever we got dr.
pepper
we got Serge we got coke sundaes and I
forgot all of our cream that's just a
little different
no I'm kidding we've got all of our food
right here Ellie can you believe that I
cannot believe that this is a best thing
ever
Kate that's my story can you believe
that it's amazing I thought that's good
all right guys it is late at night and
it's like two hours past when I actually
wanted to go to bed but there's a lot of
things that I need to do to get ready
for tomorrow I've got the drone almost
ready I'm charging the batteries for it
for tomorrow we have a long drive ahead
of us so I'm testing some things with
the drum and I'm also testing some
things with this guy right here the
PlayStation I know this is a mess I'll
get to that someday but I want to try
something with the PlayStation and the
drone tomorrow while we're driving in
the band so be sure to check out
tomorrow's vlog it's going to be a fun
one and thank you guys for watching this
one I appreciate it thank you guys for
taking the time if you enjoyed it give
it a thumbs up if you're new to this
channel hit that subscribe button we'll
see you guys tomorrow thanks for
watching bye
