okay we're gonna wait for daddy
goodnight why is that in that pineapple
that's not a pineapple like that Apple
get an apple
and I will always love move house our
Miranda sings there's a new singer in
town yes penny I'm a good singer and I
know it ki don't mean any of that
I know I'm talented you don't have to
tell me that the kids are seriously
being so good you can such a good listen
I'm glad we are getting ready to go on a
little road trip and I am looking for a
cooler slash bag for the car for road
trips
I found this it's really crazy it's come
Yeti they're really intense you said
they'd hold ice for days but just I
thought would be really nice for the
road trip and I like that it's like a
bad but so heavy duty and intensive I'm
debating if if we need it or if I want
it so yeah that's what we're doing right
now you're being so good huh you want to
get on earth done anything I'm saving
this for you ah dad you know another
patient no and I think that's why we're
here is he going oh you're one to talk
mom you don't have any Suzie either I
feel like my dad likes me
for the pleasure of watching me come
over okay I'll try I'll try one okay but
I just need a people person
now these or things raining so they're
eggs yeah fish eggs they're wonderful
because let me tell you why because you
if you get them stuck in your teeth so
like two hours later you're you're you
inject you can just crunch down on one
and it's awesome oh my gosh okay so this
is California roll avocado zucchini keep
up your comer cucumber and imitation
crab can you keep the real crab just dip
it in there just dip it in there boy and
you just beautiful thing you want oh
yeah pop it in your mouth follow it
it'll be better than a bean boozled
really oh come on you're acting mm-hmm
oh that is that is the epitome of
deliciousness Jared done okay you want
to know what my favorite part about that
well yes having it over when I was on
thanks for the torturous month just a
little-known fact I love coming to my
parents house because they've got this
little candy jerky
Rayford give myself a starburst before I
go I've got some errands to do it's been
a busy week lots of things it's just the
beginning of the year so I'm trying to
take care of a lot of things like
renewing things updating things taking
care of things and then preparing for
the ultimate thing tax season
that's what's tough to prepare for that
especially with a new house like getting
all the payments and everything figured
out so that is like my agenda today I
think that's probably why Ellie's Ellie
and the kids went down to Ogden of run
some errands and everything but I think
Ellie did that so I could get all of
these things done uninterrupted and then
my parents are like let's go to lunch
I didn't Rusted that's all you guys Mars
is a big interruption I know I love it
so much we love to interrupt you
you're my favorite interruption mom
looks like my timing is going pretty
well I have the laundry going before I
left
to go with my Terence and I am back in
the laundry is all fenced but I'm going
to fold these towels gives a cycle going
and then I've got another errand that I
gotta run and we'll see if anyone's to
come with me I think she might be a good
guest for this one okay penny do you
want to come with me and run like an
errand or two I'll take you to a very
special place someplace that you know
very well it's not really surprised
because you go there often but would you
like to come with me no well what if I
give you a treat what you'd rather sniff
your block well I'm going to take you
anyway penny you're coming with me
whether you like it or not what are you
like gonna nut come on penny you look
good job do you know where we are such a
girl huh you're so anxious to go let's
go god this way
hi boys come here did you have fun with
mommy today huh you want to show me did
you get something is that because you're
a good listener for mommy
oh hey you are mr. no shirt no shoes no
problem what's up with our kids not
wearing any pants right now guys what's
the dealio you guys think you can just
come into the house after a long day
take your pants off home is where the
pants are okay I'm watching whoa huh
this is bananas he said Apple cream okay
yeah the apple the Apple Apple brother
ball is it on yeah babe banana Oh penny
wants to try Jackson don't you want
penny a pattern yeah that's okay I've
got a bad feeling about this
come on ring here she can't get a hold
of it they bring here no that's the
opposite of use while I was running
errands today I have been loving
matching games with Jackson I know you
guys have seen us since he was just
little that we would play this this ball
game that we talked and then you choose
the color that goes with it and then you
do the action well when we were out in a
bow I saw this seat it's called c-can do
a second boo game and I like getting
used to because I like to play with
those to the top kind of half game but I
don't like to play that make sense so
let's speak and blue games so I really
like this you choose different colors so
we're just going to do blue and we're
going to lay it all out and it's just
like a memory game and it looked really
fun we're going to play Calvin when he's
been getting this diaper change
okay we're going to wait for daddy
goodnight what is that is that pineapple
that's not a pineapple like that Apple
gets an apple what does mommy been
saying all day
- big I know I've been saying I and so
hot hit every store up you could ever
store we went to Jack's is so good I go
I am so daddy's turn ready
cool Oh Kevin what's up hey banana cake
can you find a match ah oh no Jack did
you remember where the party was
yeah he did where's the other with you
yeah that's a carrot jimmer where the
little one was no oh this is sour
because you get you doing
can you pick one what's that okay can
you find the banana Calvin in the
smallest finds looking so home where is
the bananas eat right please look II
know this is Jack did you have the
banana
Oh Apple what about the other hand you
have the Vidhan choose them again jacks
choose one at a time and then that's an
elk humor with the other milk wise oh
did you get it yeah
these are so social at the store he
would not stop
salute to those times you're talking so
much yeah oh you make tada okay mommy's
turn
Oh milk you already chose nose oh hey
Jax you choose out of these two I guess
one of these one choose one new happy
whoa
okay you have the kitty cats do you
remember where it was over here do you
remember where oh no I guess you don't
okay no literally the one okay let's try
it again remember the kitty cat hey
where's the kitty cat over here there it
is ha ha ha Jackson since our memories
aren't you great are they that's funny
Calvin found the duck King Calvin go
choose one of those go choose a little
one Dudek hey you guys that what is it
duck say crack crack crack crack
good job strong could be can't say say
meow what is Peppa the pig say go was
officious eh eh go motive is it weird
that we have like two kids starting to
talk that's crazy
I mean I love hearing all the new words
that Calvin's yapping like little fish
so fish that was a good one you know I
just called like all of these first
Oh Oliver but today lunch is I eat your
ass when you go hey Apple app very quiet
you have everyone
oh this is heavy
No
both the kids are asleep penny is in bed
and it is eight o'clock no I always feel
like it's like a parent victory won both
everything is all taken care of by eight
o'clock okay now where's Ellie I called
Daniel I thought your - yeah I'm dancing
in it like I'm done okay well I'm gonna
leave you alone right now for one one
one more minute my day before you just
go to sleep I wipe the but I took penny
out I kissed you so my job is dead
you have been a good wife and mother
today I just thought it was the cutest
thing I walked in and I saw Ellie she
has some Doritos and she has a Gatorade
and she's watching like a makeup beauty
video I just love you and I just think
you're the cutest thing ever like you're
in your robe you're in bed the kids are
in bed and this is what you're doing I'm
going to be sad when this is when I have
to order this rope I think my favorite J
got me for Christmas like to use I love
it it's cute on you it's so soft but I
think we can find a cooler robe okay
like maybe one with like Bluetooth or
Wi-Fi oh no what Ellie I went to CES and
everything is smart now they have smart
water bottles so I'm sure they have
smarter let does the smart water bottle
do for you I don't know yeah lame you
don't to see what I saw a like a
paddleboard with like a motor on it like
a smart paddleboard and I was like our
hot tub needs that right now I'm in it
that actually that actually was like
really close it was like a minute and 15
seconds because I can see it on here
okay you're cute and I love you guys
this is what we're doing right now this
is this is eight o'clock on Wednesday
night in the Meachem household the kids
are asleep
Penny's asleep Ellie is watching some
fun videos and I am talking with you
guys we are just so grateful for
this right here like for all of this for
kids for you guys it's just the best I
don't know how else to say it so thank
you for watching thank you for giving
the video a thumbs up if you guys are
new to this channel be sure to hit that
subscribe button because we made fun
videos like this every single day and
this weekend is going to be awesome
we've got a really fun weekend planned
and it we're going on a road trip I'm
not going to say we're yet but we're
going on a road trip leave a comment
down below guessing where you think we
are going to go it's going to be fun
can't wait thank you guys again for
watching and we will see you tomorrow
bye
