I'm stopped waiting
good morning guys I am so excited I just
filmed a updated skincare routine for my
channel and it's a big deal like I've
been like tweeting and saying this think
it's a big deal because I have not
changed anything like major up in six
years and I'm just excited well in
noting it's so funny that you say that
because like I remember when you changed
it the first time we were in college and
you went to Nordstrom's and you met this
girl and you just like you were just
like this is changing my life and it
really did it this is that first huge
change I used our emergency money
something that is not an emergency I was
like Jared I remember going home like I
need like $400 it was worth it thank you
getting too big he'll just say no I'm
not gonna be able to like get mad or
pick her up anymore it is a big puppy
your big girl puppy I just wanted to get
your face you knocked it over no wonder
you look sad right now you being soft
with her Calvin huh he's been lately
getting on her back I know it's been so
he's been pretty good to be salt and
light just letter but in but he's talked
to there I voted you're such a good
little kid I wish I had like footage of
me with my dog when I was a kid because
I would love to compare it and just see
how like little I was to compare how big
Sam was - yeah all the dog exactly
because my parents thought our puppy
when I was like five months old icky
mm-hmm and they said that I would like
go out in the summer and hold candy or
ice cream cone and the dog would not
touch me yes you would jump on the other
kid there you go there you go pony other
kids but she wouldn't jump on me she
just knew that you were little you like
your puppy can you pet the puppy yeah
it's good yeah oh you loved giving loves
to penny huh
hey Jackson did you have a good third
birthday yesterday better belly better
belly do you know why Jackson for your
second day of being three years old you
know what we're gonna do today Jackson
we are gonna go to gymnastics yeah you
do
okay let's go are you gonna tumble and
jump and split and ring and pommel horse
you did good last time but you listen to
your teacher before you do it you got
her do it and then she'll tell you when
to go okay
you'd be a good listener for your
teacher okay last listen hey
you're sitting here eating a leftover
pizza and cake from ice cream from
yesterday from Jackson's birthday this
is a Calvin's a favorite animal that my
mom and dad gave to him for Christmas
and he has it at naptime everywhere he
goes he loves this dog and he's mad
every time I take it away we just don't
want you to get pizza you eat your food
you eat your food okay I'll give it back
and he puts it right there and he looks
at it and smiles and that's where it
goes right there right there can you
puppy have a bite give you a puppy bite
there's one boy that's Calvin's a
favorite toy already got for Christmas
and he sits right there there maybe
right here while you eat oh no you want
him right there didn't he kiss mmm
that's really kisses yeah yeah right
there hey hey you get your food you eat
your food he's oh he loves it we're
going to watch that dog there's pizza
sauce on him what did you like as a kid
Jackson oh that's right
these rocks oh yeah oh yeah you were
easy cut you're cheating you're anything
for hours nothing is more fun than when
you are getting ready for dinner and you
have your babies at your feet
playing huh guys they've been playing
Jackson's cars all day I am making
meatballs and spaghetti or other way
known as spider webs we're gonna make
the spider webs it's well I just made up
goodbye Oh red are you making spaghetti
yeah they make spaghetti and meatballs
so I'm gonna get my meat ready over I
come you gotta have a cup of milk some
garlic mash it up roll into balls make
the meatballs and then spaghetti you're
such a good helper dude
and some garlic Oh help oh good thing
it's just us for dinner what's funny is
that I've noticed all day today is
Calvin is very like cuddly and
lovey-dovey and mrs. Jackson but Jackson
is very good like you know me you guys
know how they are but what's interesting
is Calvin will go and play on his own
like he's downstairs like he just he
goes and he plays Jackson was always by
us he very rarely wants to go downstairs
and play by himself I mean it's good to
play but he just he wants us to be there
yeah it's just funny how it's different
yes yeah how independent Calvin is but
yes I was just gonna say when the
nighttime comes around that's a totally
different story have you been wondering
where I have been
penny and I hi Kenny where are you
hi penny that's like one of her favorite
spots penny and I have been destroying
the email game today I have been so
behind on all of the emails from the
holidays and I just spent like the past
like four hours going through all of the
emails all of the stuff that I've been
behind on and I am finally catching up
on everything and I am so excited to
show you something this is so cool let
us begin the official unboxing of a very
special item are you ready let's go all
right ladies and gents give it up for
Bob what do you think this is guys this
will be answered shortly here's just a
little email from my buddy Susan the CEO
of YouTube and what do we have under
here it's my silver play button
guys I am so excited to see this oh my
gosh penny is chewing on a tripod
hey hey you can't cheat on the tripod
okay we're going mobile we're going
mobile get this out of here
we'll get this tripod out of here there
we go okay penny you got to come over
here with me penny this is so exciting
come on this is so exciting don't you
want to see this don't you want to see
this penny it's my play button can't you
see it this is so cool
thank you for participating in this
event okay sit sit
good yeah good girl okay back to
business
it's my youtube silver play button Jared
Meachem congratulations for passing
100,000 subscribers if you guys didn't
know I have a youtube channel of my own
you to the column / you / Jared Meachem
it's my channel where I do like music
and tech and stuff it's been a long time
since I suppose so that's another one of
my new year's resolutions I know I did
the same thing last year but this time I
mean it we're all done with a house we
have a lot of time to focus on these
kinds of things so I'll vltava link to
it down below be sure to check it out
hit the subscribe button while you guys
are there because I have an idea of a
video that I'm going to be posting very
soon but this is just a cool thing that
YouTube does and it's just a really
great reminder for us to say thank you
for subscribing to our YouTube channels
for allowing us to do what we do it's
very cool that I have this now I want to
show you this heis I open it up like two
days ago but I wanted to give you the
unboxing the the feeling that I got
because it's so exciting but I want to
show you this so this is our Ellie and
Jared plaque a hundred-thousand silver
play button and then this is Ellie's
right here but I want to show you mine
side by side with the other one if you
notice this mine is totally different
and bigger than the other ones they like
totally made a change to it you guys
know that we hit a million subscribers
so we'll be getting our gold play button
soon and what I wanted is have the three
at the bottom all lined up perfectly and
have the gold one up top above it but
it's gonna be totally different now so I
may have to put
this one in the middle the two smaller
ones on the side and then the gold one
on top or something like that I think
that's what we're gonna put on this wall
right here
but you guys have probably known does it
super echo in here so what I'd like to
do is put some like a foam square that's
the same size same height as the
painting right there and right there and
put some foam things behind the guitar
like you would see in a guitar store
that protects the back of the guitar if
it's swings or anything like that so
okay that was the unboxing that was a
special surprise of the day thank you
again guys this is the coolest thing
that we get to do what we're doing every
single day so thank you again I'm
talking to you are you sorry for chewing
that up huh are you good girl she was
chewing on the tripod again it's okay we
we have to know that this is coming
these are just things that happened with
a teething puppy that she's starting to
get to the point like I said where she's
almost done with that she's she's biting
a lot less which is good what you got
there penny huh what'd you get oh she
let it go she was carrying the ball the
balloon string around what is the commas
juice juice say please
juice juice nothing dad
yeah say hey grandma hey grandpa
say
sit dog yeah see yeah see Jack he's him
look at him that did you you talking so
good
goodbye you gross disgusting spaghetti
boy I cannot believe how much she's
talking can you believe he's talking
more you know you helped him a lot
without a talk you know that just by you
talking he learns a lot of the things
you say like diaper bear
I like how you can see the balloons
behind the couch she does come hey
Jackson is overlapped to Hans now go get
him he's been fired he's waiting for him
to come back oh no I can't go
I feel like it's like Mario Cart go get
it Jax kids are in bed and Ellie and I
have been working for the past couple
hours Ellie's been working on a couple
videos I've been working on a couple
videos it's been very productive evening
if I do say so myself but with that and
all of these fruit snacks we are going
to call it a night
hey I ate the fruit snacks when I'm
looking at healthy websites so I can
tell it balances our Silvo right as long
as you look at the website you're okay
we both are Jackson's birthday hall
should be up right now it's like a
little for three minutes it's really
cute it's just him so sweet so she does
I died laughing that was funny
let's watch it I'll have a link down
below if you guys enjoyed the video be
sure to give it a thumbs up if you're
new to the channel hit that subscribe
button and we will see you guys next
time thanks for watching bye
Ellie's mom
