hey coach it's only the size of like
half a car like I could be in a magic
show and the ship should we will make
the beautiful lady disappear whoo Oh
Messiah bunchy
well good morning and happy Sunday I
always do the boys hair so Calvin's hair
Jackson's hair ready for church
but I never get to do girl hair except
mine which I toll I need to get ready
but I had an here and I was able to do
your hair can we see it turn around
twirl do to tell you to do to to twirl
so cute you look so cute I did a little
top knot on your hair and I really
really wanted to curl it but what did
you tell me I told you that I will be
mad yeah and I didn't want you mad at me
so I said okay we'll just blow-dry it
and put a top knot huh yeah and you
can't be mad at because what do you do I
can't be yeah you make me happy huh and
maybe man house a man house row you're
the man of the house yeah
well good morning from us on Sunday and
we oh cheese I'm slipping all over the
place oh my gosh this is quite the
eventful Sunday I came outside to go
shovel the walks and everything and I
just heard this crazy sound outside it's
like what the heck is that
turns out our faucet here was just going
out full blast and what I did is you
know we had heard just to put some like
heaters next to the sink so the pipes
wouldn't freeze you know just kind of
running low and just so they would stay
warm in here because they definitely got
below freezing in this garage
so we want to make sure the pipes of the
free well I don't know if they already
did freeze and we just heated them up or
whatever but this was just running at
full force and there's water all over
here and we're just trying to get it all
cleaned up I don't know if a pipe burst
or flooding or what but we've got to get
this place cleaned up because if we open
this garage all of this stuff will
freeze and we will have an ice skating
rink in our garage that may not be a bad
idea
garage ice skating rink or just a normal
garage I guess this is just like one of
the things about being a home owner I
turned off the water and I've got it
there it's just like doing a slow drip
right now but I've still got to figure
out how to get this fit so Google
internet Joel dad you guys are all gonna
be my friends here oh my gosh look at
this the water didn't even splash up
here this is all just from Steam from it
being the hot water in such a cold
garage I've got a bunch of towels out
here laid out and just kind of wiping
everything down hopefully to prevent any
freezing from happening as well that's
the last thing we want is like
refreezing or freezing in the first
place
so here's a little update on the
situation we had a really hard time
finding the main shutoff for the water
we finally found it like downstairs in
the basement not where the water heater
was which is interesting but we found it
Joel came over here and we took this
apart and we found on the inside there
there was a bunch of ice and so we
heated it up and melted it out there and
then we found that there was a little
valve in here a little like what was it
that way I was broken low cartridge a
little cartridge in the valve that was
broken so we just have to get a
replacement for that that's why the
water wasn't shutting off while we were
turning the bosses so we're gonna go to
the store grab placement should be good
to go well we've gone to Lowe's and now
we're at Home Depot and we're not
finding what we need to replace the
cartridge with so we may have to wait
until Monday where there's actually like
a plumbing store that's open like a
specific dedicated plumbing store but we
can't find any even like parts for like
the inside of this you know bummer
cam I found some parsley we might be
able to Frankenstein mr. oh yeah really
yeah maybe maybe we give it a shot
might have the insides I did get a
squeegee for the garage so it's not all
on waste are you a rocket scientist
should we be calling you Frankenstein
dr. Frankenstein
no but in the 80s I used to have a
mullet and if you gave me a paper clip I
could do anything with a MacGyver
freaking MacGyver Joel has done it again
so Joel took the piece of a different
stem that doesn't work with our our
faucet it took the in turns of it and
put it inside the other one and it works
or at least is so far so we're gonna
take that home and see if it it'll work
on um faucet all together look at you
here's know how to work the system don't
ya I can work the system alright I need
some help I need some help putting down
this tree penny you're the only one
helping me
okay I'm not gonna let you hold a
scissors
Calvin can you hold this but can you
hook it okay
well that all escalated extremely fast
the kids are situated huh I needed help
putting down the Christmas trees Jared's
helping me put the tree down I ordered
this is from Fred gate and the color
reminds me
friend Jenny because this is like aqua
greenish this is like one of our
favorite colors anyway this is where our
tree is going to go that needs to be
taken down goodbye
Christmas tree Christmas decor day that
I loved it take the tree down but I do
like having it feels just clean like
taking this all off the banister was
really nice I want the season to last
all year round
take it Jackson are you ready to help
can you mr. robe I think your robe looks
cute on you you gonna help us put the
wheels on give it to Daddy thanks buddy
well I think we're gonna have to put
some shelves in our storage room because
this is gonna take out those doors huh
yeah it's only the size of like half a
car like I could be in a magic show and
this here chick will make the beautiful
lady disappear
come here Jax and the baby huh whoo oh
Messiah bunchy this is huge we have a
lot of organizing to do mr. okay I have
the the thing the crib is Jackson calls
it put together I've got the wheels on
it so we should be able to pull it
pretty easy and now we've got to take
down the Christmas tree and we need our
little stepstool to get to the top to
pull it off
oh no but wait there's an obstacle I
can't get into the garage with the
obstacle in the way what should I do
about this Jackson oh she's moving for
us what a good little girl she knows
exactly I'm dead you're such a good
puppy yes you are yeah she is huh
yeah one two three
careful careful of the point ow
gentle gentle what are you doing uh yeah
I think that looks good
well hold on hold on are we looking for
symmetry on the rug because we have
about six inches there oh it's the
middle of the painting that's right
maybe the couch a little bit this way
just a smidgen just a smidge
so after tackling this for a good part
of the day here is what we ended up the
valve
well the stem had a cartridge on the
inside of it in that cartridge like
burst or cracked and that's why the
water from here would not stop and so
what Joel and I did is we tried its
frankensteining that cartridge back
together and it actually worked
in the sense that of piece together but
as you can see here this one looks good
and we fit this one in here and this one
does not seem to go in all the way so
there's a thread in there that's
stopping it from going what that means
is we have to go to the plumbing store
tomorrow to get the piece that actually
fits in there now in the meantime what
we have is a stopper right here so this
will stop any water from leaking out and
then we've got this guy here which is a
cable that's meant to heat pipes so it
doesn't freeze again overnight luckily
the weather actually has been a little
bit warmer today it was actually raining
today and it's supposed to rain
throughout the week so I don't think
we're going to get to like below zero
Fahrenheit and I think we'll be okay
going forward but this is going to be
really nice to have in the future
because this is gonna happen again
eventually that's what's going on but
gosh this was just a mess today this was
a total disaster but we got the water
shut off and ready to be fixed for
tomorrow with that being said Ellie and
I have some projects to do namely
involving these two boxes and I've got
to bring these two boxes inside
we're gonna be up late working on some
fun stuff tonight holy cow Holly cow
would you look at our living room I feel
like something's missing like I kind of
feel like it's naked in here because we
are missing that giant tree in this
what are they got Garland it does feel
open it almost feels like to open in
here yeah when we didn't have that stuff
up on there's like our missing a bunch
of stuff I do too we the house was done
and cleaned my teeth is still not brush
for the day oh it's because we didn't
have water for like a few hours that's
why half the day so I'm gonna wrap
Jackson's presents but we have one
present the main present yeah um he has
a little a little thing to open tomorrow
we're going to set up his big I brought
the boxes up I was talking about her
earlier actually show me a little bit
we'll say good night I'm researcher well
that's it that's taking into
consideration if I can build it if we
build it they will come Ellie what time
is it
it is 1250 in the morning it's like 1:00
a.m. yeah 1 a.m. I went to Jackson happy
birthday Jackson Richard and I just was
like 4 episodes of the flash
well Jared namaste Jared put together
his gift doesn't this room look amazing
it just fits so perfect he's gonna love
this and Kelvin like so many memories
like it's a little fridge I know like I
need to be down here like I like I just
got a new kitchen but I love this
kitchen to it like this is so sweet
happy birthday Jackson excuse me can I
have a pizza please I don't know he has
not a pizza I have to open up a few
gifts tomorrow do I guess we will I'm
really excited ok that's it from us we
are officially closed closed Jackson
will be happy in the morning thank you
guys so much for watching the video we
hope you had a great
we can and we hope this is a great start
to your week I know it's gonna be
subscribed to so you can make sure to
check out Jackson's three-year birthday
tomorrow for all you guys I've been
around since he was born
thank you so much we'll see you guys
tomorrow thanks for watching bye
