there's no sense in crying over spilt
milk guys seriously stop god I just
don't know tell my sure and I'm done my
belly and I'm just reading it good
morning guys do you wanna know why I'm
so happy today is because it is 8:30 and
I thought Jared was going to leave at 11
to come home all right
you like orange I might go and kill them
oh you want your orange plate so I'm
making breakfast we're having pancakes
with blueberry syrup de Brian and/or
that Katie and there are all the same
right we're all the same DBE jck we're
all the same
Colin and Katie gave us her Christmas
it's so yummy I'm making hash browns I'm
making eggs we've got hot chocolate
we've got orange juice our blur but our
blueberry syrup we're gonna have a
really good breakfast huh yeah I excited
that daddy's home and your haircut is
done and everything so we can just play
rather than work but we've got to take
down the tree took down the ornaments
got take down the tree good morning guys
it's another beautiful frigid day my
hair is the total mess right now and it
is freezing cold I just got back from
inside from helping Ellie's friends
start her car and everything
scraping off the car but I wanted to
show you something that we've been
working on with penny
princess poopy diaper poopy diaper who
is that egad boopy boopy that repeat
that for the double whammy nothing so my
dog wrinkles was terrible at this but my
dog Annie was really really good at this
and we tried teaching both of them but
sometimes are just different when it
comes to this kind of stuff but penny is
actually already doing a good job for
being like a totally cool puppy this is
amazing get ready really let's go in the
position penny soft soft
that was amazing you're such a good
mommy cuz usually dogs were just like
Lucy food but she's doing really good I
talk pleasantly surprised with that was
awesome
she's like dude I am so busy right now
with this delicious treat I have no time
for that I'm done waiting please just
take it just just take it take it just
take it
alright so my friend Ashley it took a
lot longer than she anticipated she
ended up staying the night twice and she
stayed up til 2 / 2 in the morning
each night she was here painting she
painted for three days straight and
amazing you're ready to show us this is
the first time we're seeing all of it
done oh look at that the hell around the
hello room is it not beautiful my
goodness look at all of the detail what
dr. pepper
haha gents another dr. pepper
so I'll start with this wall she has a
wood trees right here she has three owls
Wow look at that Wow rabbits to get the
little dr. pepper I love it they honor
popcorn we have penny this is so cute
booth we have a bear
my dad is gonna love that move she did
this ice creaks at Stuart's favourite
mint Oh money and J
so oh my gosh this is so cute so she did
something here to represent everybody
there is dr. pepper for Jared we have an
Ian a J this is for Kelvin it's a turtle
holding balloons oh so cute and then
there's a Fox of spaghetti there's corn
on the cob like this is beautiful I just
love that it says hello room so when we
have Jackson spreads in here it's gonna
cover some of this but not all of it and
I'm so excited for him to see is this
for your birthday Jax came here where'd
you go look this is it right here yes
we're open sorry we're closed
Jax Thank You Mariana put your sign on
the door you know how you say hello what
can I get for you your little restaurant
but put the sign right on the handle Oh
sir you closed right now close right now
oh because it's nap time now you're open
this is so sweet she did such a good job
she has a website that will definitely
make sure the link if you guys want to
see any of her other work that she's
done but seriously so happy ah it's
better than I thought like I gives more
depth and room in here like it's like a
full-blown light rather than just like a
little under the staircase it's a
playroom
I love this like I love this I love the
dr. pepper the ice cream I just think
the turtle is so sweet Jackson is this
for part of your birthday yeah do you
like do you like turtles I like him
don't a highway turn mixer that taught
us like flat cakes like I know stop
picking is no silly he's not picking his
nose yeah this is so good I am so happy
ticka ticka ticka you tickle the Bears
belly difficulty save ticka ticka ticka
ticka ticka so fun she even lets these
white in case we ever want like people
to sign their name J that's such a good
idea
I thought that was cute oh so much
detail so good she even signed her her
name her signature is cute
oh this gunk is stinky Oh dad I'm at
birthday dreaming what's your favorite
hymn just all that yeah we are sitting
here penny kind of taking a nap count
was taking a nap and we'll give you a
list together
it's we're going to go birthday shopping
for a cave and for what you want to eat
on your birthday huh yeah what do you
want to eat for dinner for your birthday
spider-man and candy
he wants a spider-man game today you've
heard dinner will have spider webs watch
Wilky pizza does that sound good yeah
good okay should we go
I'm mad at my dog come here pen don't
sit there
well what I do mom is mad at you but
you're kind of hard to stay mad at just
like the kids cuz you're so darn cute
dog Shamy I love you but I mad at you
you little stinker chimera darkly boy
huh penny knows not to come in my room
huh unless I bring you in and she came
in the bathroom I was trying to take a
life bubble back when she broke my face
it's destroyed hey hey Alisha has like
good intentions she was trying to get
herself all clean and smelling good
that's the angry mom mm-hmm
you know I'm not happy I'll forgive her
this time
you are so excited for your birthday hum
buddy it is so cold outside when you
breathe in with your nose they freeze
your nostril hairs yeah you probably
don't have nostril hairs Jackson go does
it freeze yeah so we are here at the
trampoline park to get warmed up and get
some energy out and nice it Mormon oh
sorry excuse me Barbie come through
we're getting a lot of fun and we have
an and Grandma and Olivia and Calvin and
Ellie and Cory and uncle Joel and Boston
my mom think I'll never repeat what I
just did on Instagram
Oh
Saturday night pizza night are you
excited yes I guess young yet checks out
what we have on our pizza pepperoni
pizza what are those called
I was saying doctor pepperoni and it was
the cutest thing ever
that's right we have doctor pepperoni on
there
I just want cheese and doesn't have
doctor pepperoni just the rest of us she
has cheese and doctor pepperoni is
delicious isn't it Jack pepper will need
I'm not like and we've got the milk man
over there chugging that milk chug chug
chug drink account hmm
did I miss him nice bosom what hmm
definitely spoke them over their heads
good yep oh I spilled some on myself
that's what I did what are you looking
at me for guys I just don't know there's
no sense in crying over stuff look guys
seriously stop
guys I just don't know down my shirt and
I'm done my belly and I'm just reading
it what
I am so pleasantly surprised at how well
penny is acting right now like I know
pretty penny she is just sitting there
being a good girl we have all the senior
year was she always has she run them to
the table she jumps on Calvin's tray and
hits whatever food he has yeah and so we
usually let her around but she wants to
be real
richard has her just right they're
telling her too late she's doing so good
oh wait come on come on sit good girl
good girl she's doing good look at her
look at the way she's sitting right now
she said like a human oh boys
oh I just want some pizza - yeah that's
all I want
she's still in trouble from when we
shamed her today yeah Peng you're so
cute though look at her body like she's
still here scooch along in mine my uncle
Jerry poo diaper pee divers in a
Saturday night which means it is movie
night and we are going to watch the
finest hours and I have some snacks here
I've got a Pepsi for me some treats
ready you watch this movie but I'm not
comfortable enough I need a change
one two three ah much better
good let's end it before the battery
dies literally it's gonna die thank you
guys so much for watching today
Jackson's birthday's on money oh my
Monday Jackson's birthday is on Monday
don't forget to subscribe so you can see
us celebrate his birthday three years
we've been filming for a long time thank
you guys for being a part of Jackson's
life like every day
that's amazing three years so ago thank
you for watching we'll see you next time
