Haley I have a surprise for you this is
the willow this is the wearable breast
pump
these are not headphones on have vienna
venues reason Lincoln they just put its
money you know so you know I'm pumping
right now good morning kids good morning
penny
it is currently naked of 14 degrees and
it is going to be a cold cold day movie
day all day inside Wow did she give you
another one
the oh you took it did you ask yeah okay
good so my friend she actually stayed
the night she's there ton midnight
painting and she woke up and started
coming again
my pain is she painting your playroom
yeah can you show me what she's painting
you are so good and talented this is
amazing so so far look that's the secret
Jared's gonna come home to that it's a
dr. pepper look at this
so there's penny and popcorn and then
there is trees and three owls because
you are three years old and what are
they eating Jackson here oh don't touch
don't touch yep hot dog yeah they're all
eating food I have talent gotta grab you
I don't just you in here it looks so
cute like look how cute that picture
looks your teeth in yeah you didn't
sleep you didn't open your mouth let me
see your teeth go ah yeah those are your
tea I just like comment down and Jackson
was pretty hysterical but everybody left
I just got done with activity days with
Church we had about like 10 girls here
and we did journals so we did like to-do
list we have like little stickers that
we put on there and then we all played
hide-and-go-seek and it was kind of like
crazy so everyone's calm and down for
naps then you come on out you just ate
lunch girl come on out you can check
it's home tomorrow so I'm going to be
excited for that
good morning from CES day two I have had
so much fun seeing like all of these
exhibits and meeting all of these people
that's just a drop in the bucket there's
so much more to do and so much more to
see and I'm excited to get there are so
many specific things that I want to do
and see yesterday it was kind of just
like let's see how much we can do but I
want to go to all of these cool places
and the first place that I'm going to
stop by is DJI I've got some exciting
stuff time with DJI it's a phantom and
everything so maybe even the Napper so
I'm excited to see if they have anything
do you hear stuff that I have to say
before
hey where's the little miss muffet there
we go
can you tell me what we learned you do
it okay Little Miss Muffet sat on a
tuffet eating her curds and whey along
came a spider and sat down beside her
and scared Miss Muffet away
you say it really good eggs eggs while a
baby comes this ladder and Little Miss
Muffet away
whoa that was good engagement that was
his favorite there's Humpty Dumpty
Little Miss Muffet there's all the all
of the ones but this is his favorite mmm
I'm a car and come here bladder
EG new bird and see buddy good what did
the spider do hair away frightened her
away my James sight in this nuther away
what we're doing while Calvin ranked
doodad is for an out one he loves it
we have done jack-and-jill but a
bajillion times oh my gosh Jackson is
gonna love this like I'm facetiming it
right now hi Boni hi Jackson
how are ya good Jackson do you want to
see who I just met look who it is
isn't that cool why I'm hanging out with
the Ironman Jackson is that cool buddy
that's so awesome that's on your man
right there yeah is he your favorite
superhero that's so cool Captain America
no let me go see if he's around the
corner hold on one second
you are the cutest buddy okay let me go
see if I can find Captain America
Captain America's not here buddy I'm
sorry yeah just tired Nana's here you
want to see Ironman again okay okay
there he is
that's Iron Man do you want to say hi to
him again okay say hi oh he's making
sure everyone's good and safe huh yeah
the Venetian how are you today all right
pretty busy
so I made it to the Venetian and I'm
here with my buddy Davis David and I
have lived in Finland together you know
my brother-in-law Landon yep yeah you
knew him before I did
how funny is that it's crazy Dave and
then go way back and he actually let me
crash this hotel room last night so
thanks for that we're here at the
Venetian where everything I see here at
least the part that we walk through
everything is taking like old products
and making them smart like smart water
bottles and like smart breastfeeding
things or you know stuff like that your
friend actually building that right that
is true so called will oh I'll have to
go back and look at that because I think
I know Kelly's mentioned something about
2017 and Maeby's or something like that
this is a totally different section I've
ever I haven't been to this part at all
so we've got a lot of exploring to do
and not a lot of time to do it okay
Ellie I'm doing this for you hey Ellie I
have a surprise for you what I hold in
my hand
I'm breast pumping right now well not
really okay you can milk anything with
nipples that's a joke ah it's just a
joke this is the willow this is the
wearable breast pump and like it's on
right now and I can't hear it
these are not headphones on have the
others have been used recently cuz I
just put its my like this is it you just
put it in your ear nursing bra and it
just goes it just goes
I back up and off you go see that's the
thing is like Ellie had such a hard time
with electronic breast pumps but this is
like next level I can't even feel it or
hear it that's amazing
hey Ellie we got to try this okay is it
out right now
great spring a 2002 look lil ol pump
comp Ellie are you excited about this
and much as I am I don't know why I'm so
excited about it
can I try it on you know so I'm pumping
right now and moving at the same time
man talking babies man right here yes oh
my god I feel so silly sorry this isn't
appropriate I think it's funny well this
looks cool to a self-soothing crib or
bassinet or something I remember my
parents saying like oh man if only we
had that when we had kids for like all
the stuff that we had and now it's like
oh my gosh if only we had that when we
have like our kids but we're still
having kids like that's the crazy thing
but every year all of these things are
just changing so fast like a smart
bassinet like wearable movable
breastfeeding things like Ellie's gonna
go crazy this next baby we have
all right and there's the kids haircuts
Jackson we did a number two all the way
to his part and I just trimmed up the
edges and then up top I barely cut any
off every time I cut his hair it's just
a very little bit and then Calvin's
I just um hand cut it because he's
really little doesn't like the trimmers
and he doesn't have that much hair for
what I do have a girl most of the time
kids his hair does not grow on the sides
very much and so Calvin I barely cut any
off top I just trimmed the sides just a
little bit like this I hope they have
ever trimmed because it just doesn't
grow and so I especially want to have a
girl a lot of times you'll see kids as
haircuts with really long hair in the
back and really short hair on the side
and I have a girl just to keep her hair
cut really really short just like this
until the sides grow long and then I'll
let everything girl along together if
that makes sense I feel like I got been
kind of lazy today like you've just
unbuttoned all day and I was like I
gotta do at least one thing so that's
what I got done is the kids haircut know
I will bathe em clean out their ears
they've had suckers and treat they were
so good my kids are good when they get a
haircut one because they usually have a
sucker and I've been cutting it sense
that they were like a three months old
six three to six months old so they're
used to it look how good you look happy
three years old can you believe you're
gonna be three soon what kind of cake do
you want Captain America cake forever
he's not saying he wants a dino cake so
I don't know what cake you'll get but
you'll get some sort of cool cake huh
so I woke up this morning and I wasn't
feeling all that great my stomach was
kind of just like crumbly and everything
I honestly think it's from all the
secondhand smoke like walking through
the casinos and stuff getting from place
to place I just not used to that in the
slightest in Utah my stomach's kinda
killing out I have a headache
so I would love more than anything to
fly back tonight and I think Ellie would
like that too so I'm going to try my
hardest cross my fingers to see if I can
switch my flight I'm flying with
Southwest I think they let you switch
flights as long as it's in the same
price range for free I'm going to call
them get on the phone with them and see
if I can switch my flight and I would
love to surprise Ellie tonight I think
she would just go crazy if I came home
tonight instead of tomorrow afternoon
there are a few people that I have
watched on YouTube from like the very
very beginning they're like more tech
related stuff you know stuff that I
would research and do all that one of
the channels is TechnoBuffalo John
renter started that channel and we were
just tweeting back and forth with each
other about meeting I'm excited to meet
he's been one of the youtubers like I
said that I followed for such a long
time and I've never met him before
so I'm racing over here before the
exhibits closed to see if I can meet him
he was back around here so let's cross
our fingers see if we can meet him
before time runs out what's up everyone
John Rancher here he's from
TechnoBuffalo not okay get that better
better than I did
what's up everybody Jared here there we
go guys this is John rancher he's done
Technol buffalo for eight years like
long a long time like one of the very
first tech youtubers I ever watched like
some amazing amazing stuff it was so
good to me to meet you by yourself right
no problem
watch this guy hey you are but with
subscribe
yeah and I'll have this channel linked
down below in case you guys are
interested in all the tech stuff ok CES
bucket list chick I did everything I
wanted to do and more at Casey Neistat
mkbhd Austin Evans John Morrison
TechnoBuffalo saw all of this amazing
amazing stuff and now the big issue
can we get home tonight that is the goal
we're going to try it out see if I can
catch a flight this flight is that 7 and
it is 5:20 right now I've got like the
bus my pilot yes I was just wondering if
I could change my flight to the 7
o'clock home perfect
thank you they're checking right now so
good news I'm on the flight tonight with
this guy yeah I was able to get switch
my flight and everything and it didn't
cost me anything so I'm super excited
about that gonna get home selling the
kids tonight
you
haha we are back in Utah when I got here
to leave to Las Vegas there was snow on
the tarmac like in the hallway gosh
Ellie Ellie just texted me and said it's
been like negative 10 all day today you
can still see my breath me
I
he made it
were you surprised um yeah I seriously I
guess I'm like oh hey oh you're hot that
is going to be it from us tonight we are
both exhausted so we're gonna call it a
night I had such a blast at CES I'm
gonna talk all about it more maybe even
I'll do a video of my channel thank you
guys for watching be sure to hit the
subscribe button if you're new if you
enjoyed the video give it a thumbs up
and we'll see you guys tomorrow yeah I'm
excited to see what how the kids react
well okay see ya bye
