oh boy he's going right for my feet I
know it oh I need your help
I'm stuck in this robot and I have no
idea how to get out I don't know where I
am or what I'm doing please oh please no
don't leave us don't leave us
good morning guys I am at the airport
and I'm on my way to CES Consumer
Electronics Show now I'm hanging out
with my buddy Dan sup guys how's it
going
so I told you last night it was such a
terrible drive like literally snow
packed freeways the entire way so I'm
super glad that I drove down and stayed
the night at a dance house the whole
point was to like drive down and be safe
and get sleep but we stayed up to like
1:00 in the morning and then got a
before oh you didn't go to sleep
no I made it to the airport flying to
Las Vegas are gonna see some sweet stuff
are you excited I'm excited yeah I never
been excited neither am i this was like
bucket list are you gonna see it yes
you're gonna see yeah this guy's going
to see it so there see ya oh my gosh
would you look at that there's snow
inside the terminal
you
somehow one of the kids got into my
travel kit and took out my toothbrush
before I left but I got one now
so I'm going to brush my teeth because
I'm gonna be talking about a lot of
people and she's good hygiene right
this dream is going to terminal one for
baggage really feels like you're running
at an incredible rate I've never had a
trainee myself before dad go away for it
oh it's still coming it's still coming
ah well good morning guys our little
Jackson is going to be turning three
very very soon today is the day I've
been telling you guys under the stair
area we have something special for
Jackson for his birthday but we are also
going to have it painted I have a friend
is coming over today here is a before
and she is going to paint some like
woodland creatures and kind of make it
like a woodsy theme and then we have a
really fun item that we are going to put
in here for the kids I also think I'm
gonna take this door off because I kind
of like it just the half door like this
stuff there we go there's a before so we
had breakfast at a hotel and all like
all the hotels they have where places
where you can pick up your badges well
we went to register and they're like oh
you don't have the credentials you need
like oh snap we need to have something
on official company letterhead stating
that we have credentials that were
youtubers so we have to go to like the
actual Convention Center where there's
going to be like a hundred thousand
people there waiting so hopefully the
lines not too long to get our stuff okay
ready
sit I'll give her the treat sit honey
hmm
okay good job cake a your turn sit penny
okay Calvin give it to Penny Calvin
Calvin that's not a tree for you can't
give it to Penny thank you okay good job
this is it Dan we're about to open the
door we're about to go inside what's
inside see yes yes finally
so it only took five hours ha ha ha no
way yeah exactly where is every day
Starbucks ok I could go for a hot
chocolate oh my gosh look at this dude
I am not tall enough to show off his
place in its glory oh my gosh look at
that quite the entrance Wednesday oh my
gosh and McLaren - these cars are like
underneath my van might be cool but I'm
not sure if it compares to this van this
is such an awesome van look at that
speaking of my minivan Chrysler we're at
the Chrysler exhibit so I'm gonna see if
they have to get here
that's the next generation Pacifica
right there
oh my gosh that's my mini man right
there how it's so freakin cool here's
the Pacifica and I'm just thinking like
how freaking cool is it that the car
that I Drive the minivan that I drive is
at CES I guess featured at the Consumer
Electronics Show this is my minivan
dude Oh mine's red so it was a little
uglier no the hybrid just came out not
too long ago so I've got together I rent
it cool 80 miles per gallon
yeah isn't that crazy yeah right there
and then right there isn't my minivan
good looking tell me it's a good looking
minivan that's where you tell me it is
Leslie we go for that I love it
that's my me man that's pretty bad right
there she is
how cool is that what do you think dude
I see my head sorry I look my horns are
much stronger than in real life
that was something whoo sure it looks as
cool as it felt like I'm sweating Oh
ensure we save we save the world in an
autonomous vehicle of course Samsung
would do something like this when the
world a virtual reality or ghost is
raining Oh
in a whale
see this I ruin everything
you
it is so deep out here look we used to
have like rocks and now it's just one
big lump look how deep the snow is Danny
girl drowned in it are you getting the
jack
getting the snow help you is so deep
okay I have to contain your pen but you
guys go in the hobbit hole
this is so deep it is
oh that's as deep as you are aunt penny
look how deep this is guys hi cow okay
let's go get let's go get in the hobbit
hole k get in there are you in there
safe safe and sound wow we made it we
made it okay let me go get cow Calvin I
see you over there throwing food I'm
ready to go get in the hub hole don't
you throw snowballs at me cook it under
there yeah he's that crazy huh and the
how the holes one sit down to tell
stories yeah Calvin there's no cute what
story should we tell of your birthday
the day you were born it was snowing
outside that I was so excited to have
you yeah and then when you were born I
thought wow you look just like Carter
and you are a good baby
ha
there you go that's it I found it the
best thing at CES is this thing right
here look at that
flying selfie Zack I found your
Christmas present this year where have
we gone in photography where we need
selfies to be flying in the air healthy
drones just drones just for selfies that
are that big
look how giant those blades are to like
oh my gosh like you what have you got in
the way of that which by the way we ran
into Zack here he got into town and
we're excited to hang out with him you
guys remember them then there's this
drone holy schnikeys look at the size of
that thing to myself there you go this
is a 20k camera just for you you can be
a mile away and I'll grab a selfie for
ya so I'm looking at these 3d printers
and they have one here this is like a
little cup thing but it's so detailed
that it printed out pi2 how many digits
I think it's like 1,500 is cheese and
then look at the detail on this
Wow incredible I can't wait for the day
that I can 3d print shoes like you so I
am IKEA new parish a muscle just boom
print it out robot Jared
oh boy he's going right for my feet I
know it oh I need your help
I'm stuck in this robot and I have no
idea how to get out I don't know where I
am or what I'm doing please and help
please I need you right away no don't
leave us don't leave us
hey where'd you go huh there you go
you're figuring it out
oh oh he's sprinting now that's fast no
you're fast robot you're very fast robot
yeah it's like that's the fastest I've
seen it go
am I allowed to have some candy yeah you
also yes please what don't you watch
sorry I jumped in a room thank you
oh six kids oh thank you boom boom where
were we which boosts were we at where
was the the motor the robot thing and we
were talking to someone who was from
Utah with this robotic camera and she
said who are you I was like well I'm
Jared I have a YouTube channel Ellie and
Jared Oh where's Elliott it was right
here this is Ellie this is silly she
totally bought it thanks for stillinger
Ellie and Jared yeah so in case you guys
didn't know zach is now Ellie sorry
Ellie
but what probably Ellie would want is
for me for you to be Jared maybe Jared
no for Ellie to be Ellie Ellie did this
is a very full bus I hope we make it
hey do you guys mind if I sit over here
is all right we're doing like right in
the middle just carefully about
splitting up Jared and Ellie right
I am
our new boy and my playroom okay can you
show me what it looks like and we know
not to touch look at how good this looks
this is gonna be so cute my friend
Ashley is here all day with your twins
at home and she is painting she already
has raccoon done there's penny and there
is an owl look at all these cute figures
I love it
and the moose grandpa Meachem will love
that and a bear with ice cream this is
so cute
I cannot wait to get our little toy in
hair and it just be very fitting they're
all eating food this because this is our
hello room where you serve food huh yeah
buy and buy food for how much money and
how much money do you make me charge for
a hamburger
you always say thousand dollars and
that's so much money but it's so good
yeah that's what I feel like I pass out
and Jackson's request was a pink cupcake
with a blue plate so that's what you'll
get the blue plate I like you I know I
do too hmm and I like cupcakes Oh cookie
now I want to show you these water
tornadoes look at this this is the
coolest thing ever
these are awesome look at this do that
what's huge
so we just finished up at CES for the
day and now we are going to and dinner
with some buddies and a lot of these
guys I've never met before but I know
like who they are they're just like a
bunch of people that I watch on YouTube
so I'm excited to meet these guys I hope
they're excited to meet me too I know
they watch me you know we just have the
channel that they're interested in at
lots of tech guys watch our daily
vlogging channel right before we do that
we're gonna surprise Ellie she's not
gonna see this footage it but Ellie's
right here though I know that's right
okay close your ears
we're gonna go buy her a surprise purse
first oh let's we'll look at the price
tag first oh my freaking goodness guys
this is a Mormons do Vegas I mean I need
a hand for size like like look how giant
that is
actually Elias here thanks so much for
hanging out Zack you've seen yet be good
finally haha see you guys later is good
hanging out with you take care day one
at CES is over and this bed is going to
be my best friend I'm going to call it a
night thank you guys so much for
watching as I embark I'm like this is a
bucket list thing for me I'm so excited
to be here
stay tuned for tomorrow thanks for
watching I'll see you guys tomorrow bye
Oh Ellie and the kids I love you so much
Jackson I love you Kelvin I love you
Benny
be a good girl bye
