but then your campaign
you
good morning it is a cold winter day
do you guys remember when you used to be
able to see rocks back there it's pretty
much like one level now fire pits
completely covered jared is making sure
I am going to be able to get out the
driveway Bonnie and I are going to go on
a little road trip I guess down to Mons
so I've got my bag my camera some poo
pourri a little bread and a little honey
butter I got this for dad because mom is
with my aunt Sonia right now Matt
something is not doing very well she's
in the hospital right now and so I just
know that my mom is gonna be really busy
with her and I see that my dad would
keep this little snack would be really
nice and also he has never done for Bree
and I thought that he would love this so
I've had this for a while from I just
forgot to give each other I have that
for dad
God camera for me mind to take a picture
we were gonna meet up with my sister and
brother but with the weather I don't
know if they'll be able to come so we'll
see think we're just gonna do lunch
together with siblings and if mom wants
we'll go ahead dance Sonia and if not
we'll just at least be in the air roar
good morning cuz Jackson how are you
okay good morning Calvin how are you are
you good you want me are you ready are
you done you got cereal over well that
was quite the adventure
I love plowing the snow with the the
snow plow on the four-wheeler it's a
kind of fun I think we got like another
foot of snow don't you think Jackson are
you racing you want a video game well
I'll tell you what we've got a special
surprise
we have someone a special visitor we've
got to go see do you know who that
special visitor is who a toy
no let's go get in the car and we'll go
find out who that special visitor is
okay you guys ready to go yeah and guess
what we're probably playing the snow and
we'll probably have adventures and it's
gonna be really great okay
you excited let's go Calvin are you
excited oh yeah let's get your shoes on
do you want your shoes on Calvin yeah
okay not go ahead and knock knock really
hard
good job did your hand hurt now Oh what
uh who is that Jackson oh boy it's uncle
Ryan he's here to visit you know if
uncle Ryan's here do you know who else
that means is here oh those guys and
okay let's hurry and go see guess the
let's see who else is here okay bud
hi right yeah good good to see you Oh
who is that
hey can you give her a hug I thought
your cousin Anne oh that's sweet hey oh
hey good to see you guys
we are picking out a candy bar aunt
Sonia those are yummy those are yummy
he's got a couple of the colors here
yeah yeah she probably doesn't want to
tons yeah that's cute oh yeah we brought
their person like good things mom want
the gift shops toys cute
in the gift shop
yeah that's a good view that is here
cheerful
Calvin fell asleep in the car so I'm
gonna see if I can transfer him this is
going to be difficult Ellie's a pro at
it I am an amateur so let's give it a
shot
well I would say we're all really good
to obey mom my mom says something we
love it
but yesterday when moms tell us that
Sonya retexture I will come up and see
you I'll go to lunch in Bossier just
like the oh the weather's that you don't
need to come and we all texting each
other back normal life we're gonna go so
I'm a failure well what do you say look
at that smile
you see those fruit snacks you want some
fruit snacks it will put you down for
now when you get home it'll be
comfortable when your mom's birthday
listen there's a bag right there yeah Oh
is there yeah oh yeah she's got a little
bag that will dine out from you oh he's
making up for lost mine's all mom said
mom said well she's in chemo she didn't
have her taste bud huh you very much
candy she didn't want it yes once it
begin
what are you guys doing haha are you
guys playing yeah hey guess what guys do
you want to hear something what if we go
grab some lunch and then go to my house
and play in the snow does that sound
like so much fun okay
let's hurry go in the car we'll go and
we'll play and we'll have so much fun
it's gonna be a great adventure Calvin
you can come to our you can stuck but
your legs and if you having fun okay
let's go
that did not work now didn't work at all
okay so Bonnie and I are just talking
look at the road we are in the canyon
and we're just going very very slow and
going to was scarier going home as not
as bad but every person that is on the
side of the road is a truck and we were
just like those are the people that have
been flying past us and they're all the
ones that are on the side of the road so
it serves them right which is
interesting this is kind of this is a
scary patch right like right here mm-hmm
and surprise that guy like there's a few
people passing us but for the most part
everyone's just yeah going to levels 20
miles an hour
look at this semi yeah it's all the big
rigs that are on this side it's like the
trucks and the semis it's because I get
overzealous just this Bend is bad like
loop road like we're going 18 miles an
hour just this was crazy of us to do
this but we really felt like we needed
to and this was really good I'm glad
that we're able to be safe and go visit
our aunt and see mama go to lunch and
Bonnie and I are going to go home for
you to go to the store and get stuff for
beef stew I'm going to lock myself in
the house the next two days you two look
at how much snow we have the mailboxes
are covered some of you guys may know
that I had some Wi-Fi issues in the past
but I got some things to figure it out a
little bit it's not quite where it needs
to be here in my office I have great
internet but like in our bedroom and in
the basement the Internet is not the
greatest so I got this little euro home
Wi-Fi system and instead of doing this
on my channel we're just gonna do it
here real quick a little unboxing video
and I've got my brother Ryan here to
help and we're gonna unbox this we've
got the app gone and I need a knife now
I've got this knife here but Ryan said I
don't know which one should we do
RL what does one down usually on my
channel I use this one open it up right
here we go wait wait
you almost cut yourself stop don't cut
yourself Ryan I'm not gonna come
ourselves on
don't start me bum-bum-bum bum-bum-bum
oh wait that's not the hey what about
pom pom pom bam bam better than just a
little brother Toby get a cookie what
are you watching mom on your shoulders I
do your work if you want a cookie he is
carrying you Ellie how did our son get
so strong look at that oh you're so
tired now
oh yeah cookie oh that was the hardest
piggyback ride ever
haha did you lay on the ground yeah oh
so tired yeah that'd do it
I got army crow I gotta get the cookie
before the Armed Forces come in and get
it we gotta get that cookie go go go go
go go go energy left it why are you
doing hold on tight you can't dad's
gotta get hold of my hair wow you look
so big Calvin just looks huge
you train pain up there
so we got the kids to bed and we wanted
to tell you something and it's kind of
nerve wrecking a little bit I have a
very very early flight in the morning
and it's as you guys know is snowing
like crazy we've plowed the driveway
three times and just a lot of snow and
my flights early and instead of waiting
and getting up really early in the
morning like at 2:00 in the morning I am
going to leave right now
while the plows are still going yes I
going to drive very slow and very safe
I'm actually stopping just right before
the airport and I'm staying at a buddy's
house you guys know I'm Dan from what's
inside he's been on our channel a couple
times I'm gonna stay the night at his
house cuz he's actually going to the
same place I am I'm going to CES the
Consumer Electronics Show this is
logical yeah this is like a bucket list
thing for me I'm so beyond thrilled and
excited and it's funny because a lot of
my friends are actually going and I had
no idea that they've gone before in the
past or anything so this is gonna be a
lot of fun and I'm bringing you guys
with me so it's gonna be great I there's
a little nervousness and going somewhere
you've never gone before and in these
conditions I'm kind of nervous it but
excited so with that I am going to hit
the road jack drive safe I will I love
you very much you too and we will see
you guys tomorrow if you guys see me at
CES if you're there be sure to say hello
to me okay I love you have a wonderful
eye okay we'll see you guys next time
thanks for watching bye
