be a big brother and pull and hurry up
hi penny
hi baby Oh No don't you oh don't you
dare no no I know she is so good to not
come downstairs that's kind of a rule
that we have and she's just never really
done it unless we take her downstairs
penny doesn't go downstairs and and
we're doing that on purpose we're
training her to do that just like my dog
growing up he was not allowed upstairs
penny you can stay upstairs and we will
take you downstairs when we are ready to
have you huh
can you stay up here all right you're
such a good girl stay stay stay
no stay stay stay
no stay stay stay okay come here come
here good girl good girl that's my girl
that's a good girl that was a good one
and you're not nibbling near as much if
you haven't had a puppy before you don't
realize how much they actually nibble
because they're teething so much is
there something wet there's nothing
wrong with my glasses but she's actually
starting to not bite as much which is so
nice cuz usually when you put your hand
out there you know she'll she'll come
and just really softly just like put her
mouth around your hand but now she's
just licking to begin with which is a
huge improvement we've gots it we've
almost got stay and she's starting to
not nibble near as much so things are
going good with penny good morning guys
and guess what I'm doing
first I am doing a little bit of
organization and I'm writing down fine
they've been talking about this forever
but I'm doing a better job I'm writing
down
anything that I really love to make that
I know is really really good so have a
bunch of recipes down I need to make
sure I have all of them in here and I'm
going to continue to try to better with
my recipes but I just called the
gymnastic place I'm going to take
Jackson to two day I'm going to sign
them up for a gymnastic classes I've
been waiting until he turns three and so
today Jackson doesn't know but we are
going to go to gymnastics classes and
it's right at Calvin's nap so Jarrod's
going to stay here with the kids and the
dog and get some work done and then I
get to take Jackson guess what we're
doing today I get to tell you when we
get there
we're going to leave in about 20 minutes
don't take another bite god Issa I'm
good and healthy because we're gonna be
working out good job I like sharing with
you hmm
si Calvin change of plans you're gonna
go like well then we'll play Calvin down
later I want to go to go hurry
Johnston's already in the car he's gonna
start it oh no let me tell you where
we're going we are signing you up for
gymnastic classes are you ready to go to
gymnastic class are you excited okay
let's go okay well see he's gonna go sit
on the mat and we're gonna see how this
goes are you excited this like totally
brings me back to when I was a kid
another six like the smell like the
chalk and yeah yeah
and
Calvin it's snowing look open this guy
it's snowing it's snowing buddy can't
touch it yeah do you like that
can you keep and get some on your tongue
get some on your tongue
no no no you get on your tongue that was
your first class did you have fun do you
want to come back were you a good
listener for your teacher I had a lot of
fun watching you we'll come back once a
week let's get your coat organize the
Indy junking is a really good feeling
but what is even a better feeling is
this shredding documents pretty cool huh
pretty cool huh well done that's it now
we'll look in here whoa look at all the
documents shredded
what do you think of that no I don't
know why it sounds kind of weird noise
okay that's a lot put it back before
penny grabs up
one of my new year's resolutions is to
play more music and specifically more
music with my dad so what we have
decided to do is every Tuesday we're
going to take an hour so and playing
music together and whether that's just
hanging out and jamming or if it's
practicing songs to record and put music
out we don't know but we're gonna play
some music together what do you think I
thought it was my resolution well it's
our resolution I think we came together
and made this this yes indeed yeah so
what should we play first I think we
should work on the blues number okay hit
it no fans will let you down Joe the
only sure thing
friendo
no my dog did not attack me I just have
a teething puppy if you can see I'll be
Brad mark my in-laws brilliant idea
give her ice to play with so she's
sitting here eating some ice and playing
with some ice get dinner ready
you hit me you laid on my bed for like
an hour and a half watching shows I
loved it hmm it was good for me to rest
and for you to rest and cuddle I love
cuddling with you oh I'm Calvin is still
napping what'd she make for dinner oh
okay yeah Cheerios no we're gonna make
baked potatoes and pumpkin cornbread
yeah that's what we're gonna make but
penny is Ian some ice because you just
teak you teasing crazy girl we need to
go to pets mark and get her some more
and snacks and keeping stuff
okay so it's coming you pointed outward
so they can see you uh yeah yeah
total show them outside the windows
whose good morning good morning
no inna Maui good morning come on any
good morning huh I just had a thought
I'm really surprised that Elly doesn't
come to the pet store more often I'm
usually the one who does it but I'm
surprised because here's the pet store
and Ulta is right next to it as she made
that connection yet maybe it's a good
thing she hasn't okay getting a couple
things for penny and we're going back
home
I think cookie I want to show you guys
my spice cabinet because this has
completely changed since moving in it
was a crazy mess I got the standing tray
and the spice jars from Bed Bath &
Beyond and the little circle where what
is called is from Amazon but doesn't it
look so much better and organized so I'm
just making dinner and it just looks so
nice I'm not sure why this is at a pet
store it clearly belongs in our bedroom
I guess what I'm trying to say is that a
Best Buy we're right next to Pet Smart I
probably go way more than I go now you
feel me
you're picking up when I'm putting on
hot potato oh that looks so delicious
penny is so excited see baby here's you
today we honestly don't get sick of them
at all they're like our best friends and
our neighbors and it's so exciting when
they come out anyway what I was saying
Ellie is that Ulta is right next to Pet
Smart and I'm like so surprised you
don't go to Pet Smart every day I take
it I know you weren't any major last few
days I'm like I'm just gonna like no
wear anything like mascara and eyebrows
that's it I got a gorgeous okay I gotta
get penny some of this stuff she's just
yes she is dying to know what stuff I
got at Petsmart I got some goodies for
you sister girl you ready
we're dancing having fun this way
off-key Jared should be ashamed of
yourself so we are just having some fun
down here we have fun now we're cleaning
up we'll listen to some music
you dancing I should probably get back
to cleaning I'm dancing too much
hey baby I've shown your dominance Oh
take a night
those a half hug my own blanket first Oh
mothers your brother's friends what he
wants in Poland poem Jackson hold on
tight pull them around
Oh Jackson be a big brother and pull and
hurry up we're gonna go to bed Cal come
say goodnight to Jackson where you going
don't hide from me don't hide it from me
give each other kisses good night mm-hmm
love ya where's my notes Hey
yeah nose nose where's your tongue
come on me have a drink oh oh hey Popeye
Oh mr. Meister how you doing good
looking are you talking to me no penny
this is getting cheese go potty Jared
and I are cleaning the office I was like
this is turn into a collective but we
are cleaning it we're organizing it
Jared is putting together this origami
Finland what this is but it's gonna be
really cool
it's from Finland it's really beautiful
Landon when my brother-in-law when
Jeremiah were on the Russians in Finland
sent my mom like this little glass cool
things on people and it is really cool
and that has two really neat pieces he's
putting together this little it's deep a
little white and I think okay guys
you're getting it I'm trying it's not
real hard
I'd say YouTube it but do you think it
would be on never you doing
remember these are called speaking of
Finland this is a picture that we
purchased no I took that picture you
didn't take it we bought it where did we
buy we buy it we bought it at your
mission it was like a reunion thing and
we we bought it it was like five bucks
no well this is the finished temple near
Helsinki yeah it's beautiful
maybe we could put those things next to
it it'd be beautiful look like one
year's danta it's so pretty I love it I
think we should put it on your little
glass table in our bedroom that would be
pretty or I think it'd be cute to put
like in your office to in the corner
both would be cute we have two of them
mm-hmm that's so sweet
ho candle in there make us smell a nice
and good in here cuz I'm thinking Ellie
you did not do what I asked you to do
I can't sure cuz you know what I'm gonna
hold she's she's taking about listen
while she's taking a bath Selma
no not though I can't show those goodies
Ellie these goodies I can show she's got
some little checks mixed up my mom made
she's got a little pearl bath bomb some
Gatorade and some lush comforter shower
cream and her phone and some things
right here and I'm fake plant and some
water that is perfect so you're ready to
get in okay okay this is where I say
goodbye to Ellie and you say goodbye to
us thank you guys so much for watching
the video today I hope you have a
wonderful day a great start to your week
and we will see you guys in our video
tomorrow thank you so much for watching
be sure hit thumbs up button and
subscribe if you haven't we'll see you
tomorrow bye
