where are you going that's not how you
do it no there's no pillows you don't
jump here jump to my arms go by the TV
okay jump from there oh my god okay from
there
good morning guys it is a beautiful day
and we are going skiing Jack Smith hey
bud hey buddy won't go skiing you want
to go skiing Jackson yeah you ready
yeah let's go skiing are you ready guys
you excited yeah
you'll wake now hey did you picking your
nose is it fun
should we go do a backflip down the hill
yeah yeah it is funny okay let's go
all right Jackson this is your lift
ticket this will get you up on the
mountain so you can ski down
what do you think buddy it's good you
got both your boots on now I've got both
my boots on
are you excited you got your skis that
pretty cool
look how fun they're a little bit you
want to put them on Jackson we'll go to
the top of the mountain and then we'll
put them on okay sound get the middle
not yeah yeah not the very very top
we're not doing any black diamonds yet I
thought that was how it starts videos
I'm not a skier that just my fire method
you ready buddy we're on the little ski
lift from the catwalk we're gonna have
fun huh you're doing so good already
came out remember
pizza to slow down french fried to go
fast
you ready you want to go by yourself
okay let's try it
let's get your TZ skis forward get your
legs up parallel there you go okay so
you're going by yourself
there you go there you go you're doing
good okay remember pizza keeps up get
your Pony cielab daddies are pointed key
points up there you go good job good job
buddy
good Jenna Jackson you're killing it
all right we switched into the phone cuz
the GoPro is not working and we're gonna
go down the mountain okay
you want to go by yourself yeah okay
let's do it you're ready okay go for it
but you don't know how stinking cute you
are Jackson you don't even know
crashed on the mountain was that fun you
okay good sure you get up and do it
again alright can you give me a thumbs
up yeah so Jackson I had a great time on
the bunny hill and we are making our way
up on the ski lift Jackson you're on the
ski lift what do you think is it fun are
you kind of scared a little bit no good
that's my boy
is it fun I'm so glad to hear that we're
going up on the catwalk which is
basically just a really long bunny hill
so we're going to the very very top and
we're gonna ski all the way down are you
excited tell me you're excited oh look
how beautiful that is back there Jackson
is that a cool view can't see behind you
does that look pretty but we do have
some bad news Jackson what happened I my
feet ah yeah we were getting on the ski
lift and his ski got stuck and it fell
off so Jackson only has one ski right
now luckily a couple chairs behind us
has it so we are all good at we're gonna
be set as soon as we get out there yeah
you got that one though so we're coming
up to the top so we got to be careful
we've got to lift our gate up alright
you make sure you hold on good okay yeah
we don't want to drop that one off
you're gonna be good right there Jackson
okay just stay right there while we were
on the lift I actually dropped my glove
right as soon as I was done filming so
it's just like right there I'm gonna go
grab it there you are gotcha got it
I'm coming back for you whoo okay you
got your ski I got my glove Jackson
we're back in business buddy you ready
to go down the mountain I get gold O's
did you go on those was it fun good yeah
I just was someone nice and brought it
up for us yeah pretty cool huh
what should we do now okay and then what
do you want to do
you want to ski down all right well I
think we all worked up a pretty good
appetite
nobody don't we go in skin are you guys
having fun what'd you guys think pretty
good yeah we got some chicken fingers
here
and we are eating all of the hard work
that we just did huh mm-hmm what was
your favorite part about skiing today
you had you what so fast huh yeah
yeah
Jackson how was that dude you did so
good today I can't believe you hit that
box was that fun yeah he did like a spin
and everything and Cody and Olivia you
guys like like killed it they did so
good
I'm very impressed dude they got a
natural-born teachers what it is
ha ha ha I don't even ski and I'm
teaching edit so we have a blast here on
the mountains you guys have fun yeah do
you guys wanna do it again maybe next
time we'll hit a black time okay blue
squares not not good enough we'll do a
black diamond next so used to having
skis on huh all in a day's work okay
you're ready you're right bud yeah join
me to hold your skis for you okay I'll
do it
so Ellie went to the craft store real
quick and while she was gone what I did
is I tidied up the kitchen you only have
two well we better have one now and save
the other for later sound good okay
let's go downstairs
so I tidied up the kitchen in the living
room and we're gonna come downstairs
oh good jump and that's a big jump
waiter why don't you crawl down this one
and I came downstairs and I have set and
paused and recorded and future recorded
the bachelor I know she really likes
that show and you guys already know that
but one of the things they always do her
and
they always miss it whether it's live or
they have to watch it like the next day
or anything so I was like I'm just going
to record these shows so they can watch
it whenever they want so I have that as
a surprise for her I think I'm gonna
give a little snack and a little drink
for her so she can enjoy that show
tonight you sir yeah you've got your
fire station do you like this little
fire station when Santa brought yeah
yeah it's cool huh yeah is that so cool
that's right goes right there in that
garage that's awesome in the garage the
other garage oh yeah make sure you close
that up Jackson come here I want to ask
you something did you have fun today
skiing okay I was so proud of how well
you did you did awesome would you like
to go again jump on the big box I still
can't believe he did that like that was
so cool show me how you did it just go
run down there and show me I did it
where are you going that's not how you
do it no there's no pillows you don't
jump here jump to my arms come Jim to my
arms go by the TV you're gonna jump okay
jump from there oh my god okay from
there whoa is that how it was good job
okay you're just in time I have a Pepsi
for you I have some popcorn for you I
have some licorice for you and I have
The Bachelor recorded down stretches
uh-huh
I paused it it's live on TV right now
what my eldest art for the beauty yep so
I've got all these treats for you and if
you want to share I'll finish rubbing
your feet come on No yeah what'd you do
so I meant to record today while you're
I just didn't and I in common had a good
day I just relayed the kick down and I
just clip back from the staples I went
to Staples and Michaels as I said the
craft store so yes Michaels is a bastard
right the guy staples like made my day
he was so nice but um for church I'm in
charge of activity days so our first
activity lesson is what it is it's like
a lesson an activity is going to be
about like planning and scheduling so I
got all the girls a little be your best
self and be the best you and just some
stickers already be doing like our plans
and our goals for the year for the girls
that's such a great idea right and then
I got this for our documents cool
amazing stuff
well our documents will be the best
looking documents like ever oh just the
night papers and filing a semi is like
oh you just wanted to look cute give you
our receipts go Jared oh good good now
we will never lose them thank you mm-hmm
well that didn't take very long bonnie
is already here watching The Bachelor
you guys having a good time yes miss me
yes been the night cause it of you did
you really spend the night you guys
having fun yes good good good well I'm
glad every episode is pre is like record
it so it'll just go so you guys are all
set up for the whole season okay is it a
good season oh there's a lot of really
sweet good girl girl like that I think
the first episode is always kind of like
whoa always okay you girls have fun I am
coming upstairs because I have some work
to do
and in so I'm just going up these stairs
I'm like feeling it like crazy
I have something to admit and it's kind
of embarrassing especially with the new
year I am severely out of shape guys
know I am a little out of shape
and when we went skiing today my calves
are just like burning up already
I don't know tomorrow it's gonna be even
crazier so it just makes me think Jared
what are you doing you need to do
something to keep yourself physically
active and I do like I I go outside and
I run and I play sports and I do all
these things like I'm not living a
sedentary life but I am not near as
active as I should be or was you know
back in the day so I'm trying to think
of a good way to do what I need to for
my body whether that's p90x at home or
working out at the gym I don't know
I saw someone posting on Instagram today
about doing like a cleanse and I'm like
I've never even tried to think about
even doing that but it's not even good I
don't know what are your thoughts let me
know okay that's my office I'm done with
my confession my admittance and now I'm
going to work on this video that you are
watching run now oh my goodness it is
late I am ready for bed so we are going
to call it a night thank you guys so
much for watching the video if you
enjoyed it give it a thumbs up if you're
new to the channel hit that subscribe
button and we will see you guys in our
next video which is tomorrow and by the
way can you believe Jackson say give him
a thumbs up alright leave a comment down
below we'll see you guys tomorrow bye
