shake it
good morning guys we went to bed at 2:00
a.m. it is now 6:30 I Cal good morning
good morning who else is in your hello
room and me is boss in there nope no
one's in
he came around the house in here and
Penny's here hi boss good morning good
morning good morning Penn what you eat
and oh you got a little bone there good
morning
did you guys know we all have migraines
B headaches yeah we work in the wake of
this yeah that'd be so fun to take your
little trained on a big train and go for
a ride you know at the Monte the mall
has a train yeah does it really no I
think it's sweet that Jackson asked for
another story
well he's like tell me a story about cuz
JIT Jared was telling all the kids how
Penny's teething and Jackson sat down
and said huh I want to hear another
story yeah you're a teething fool huh
girl it's being so good though you've
been a good girl pen our house like my
favorite thing to do
Milana soundtrack dance dancin wanna I
cannot wait till the baby comes that
we're buying that one its 2017 guys
either dance lab wanna was that so cool
I reckon it person come on oh crap shake
it it is snowing guys it is snowing
horse not apply in but penny I'm so
impressed with her she is sitting and
she even stays a little longer but
something else that penny is doing if
she is fetching more
so can we girl cake sit look at this sit
ready go
good girl pay me good girl pain came
here thank you
okay let go let go okay ready
sit pen sit stay good girl fanny don't
get distracted come here get here
good girl pen good girl that's a good
cross it said that's a good girl she is
so good
good girl here you go what else I'm
amazed is like she's a puppy and she
jumps and she nibbles and she's not the
kids over plenty just now before I was
coming out Jackson was upstairs as a toy
and she was like kind of light in his
face and then sort of like Jackson
screaming which is what I would do and
sometimes I am I'm like but like instead
of screaming Jackson just like stands
his ground and he just stands there and
he like hold this toy and just like he's
like acting like he's like hey I'm just
gonna stand here until she's done until
like you know we get her and anyway I
just I'm impressed
and I hate Jackson is tough tough boy
and pen is just in a playing mood right
now let go let go let go Oh
guess who's home better shape up can you
guys believe it can you believe this
would you look outside Corey would you
look outside it's a New Year's miracle
it's snowing yeah it's not good guy
this is the first snow of the new year
it's the first snow of the year can you
believe that yeah if it's the first
money
Emily you should watch this what am i
watching sit
Hey oh my gosh oh my gosh go Zig like
normally yes attacked she normally with
help you didn't get a dick man sit stay
hey no there was some hesitancy there
yeah dip it in there if you like gave me
a flower that won't fight a woman for
just a second that she's really needed I
don't even know so cool you did yeah
that's good posture what it's like good
buddy good what do you guys think of the
fondue pot that's good I'm glad we are
having fun do-overs uh I'm a job I can
say these kinds of things okay that's
really cool do like this haha so we are
feeding the kids a little dinner with a
wall fondue we've got some vegetables we
got some of that bread that we have us
like we did a little different cheese
mixture as soon as we're did you Apple
without that they did the melting pot
it's actually really really good yeah um
and so we're gonna eat this it's
delicious okay Cody take a big bite
let's see it is it good mm-hmm just
about called her body really I was just
about to call you Barney whoa whoa whoa
Calvin what do you think about that say
water say water no water no say popcorn
laughs ah say grandpa say Peppa say
daddy
sailu no let no papa I have the back
okay so the hiccups I just read the kids
a hiccup book the penguin book that's
like one of my favorite but and I said
everybody you're not working you better
run hurry
um everybody is picking up the place
because we are going to play one last
game before bed which is hide go seek
glow sticks
so everyone pick up a new account glow
sticks and play hide-and-go-seek yes the
kids are spending the night again it's
snowing like crazy outside right now and
even though you're only down the street
in the morning I see the boys you'll
share it and a few of the boys were to
go skiing they're gonna go skiing in the
morning so we thought so I got over the
kids go to bed we can like hang out and
play a mic just kidnapping you are you
ok with that
like we're like Oh cuz it's fun yeah
what why I was like can you just let
yeah ok I'm not the hurry pick up see
can play the C's
the kids are in bed and so we are
hitting up round two of the Fond du
fondue overs hat is climbing down with
the snow it is actually it's like
snowing like crazy out there how do we
get the fondue out the hot tub I have
like a long piece of wood that we can
lave across the whole top can we do that
oh my god I think I would freeze up
pretty quick but it'd still be awesome
it's the idea this summer we'll do it
you really hate peanut butter because
there's a long rule I was just kidding I
was giving you a hard time
I hope so last night we were talking
about how we're doing chocolate and then
they're like get the peanut butter on I
was like now get the peanut butter I'm
like yeah let's get the peanut butter
out I'm like what the heck oh don't get
the peanut butter I'm just kidding so so
still good I need to know are you
propane butter are you not repeat okay
so here's the thing I would prefer to
just have chocolate but I like peanut
butter too the peanut butter cups
love those slanted down
what isn't I make up her to do any fun
in your mouth that's hilarious I want to
see more of you oh my gosh oh my gosh
look at this look at this
come on try to focus oh my god and my
mouth I love it it's like I try to fun
but this is kind of hard Andrew oh my
freaking gosh oh my gosh we have such a
good day don't you think we did and I'm
excited for this year honestly looking
back at the flashback of 2016 just makes
me so excited for this year there's
doing and they just grew up right before
our eyes like I love seeing the
flashbacks to see everything change so
quickly so I said on Instagram you don't
realize how fast time is until you see
it in like pictures of babies and yeah
our babies grew up a lot this year and I
can't imagine what they're gonna look
like in another year and be like it act
like and it's very crucial time I
realized right now my little ones and
it's just I'm excited for this year oh
my gosh 2017 is going to be great so
make sure you stay along for the right
it's gonna be awesome so if you're not
subscribed hit that subscribe button if
you enjoyed this video give it a thumbs
up just lets us know that you enjoyed
the video and we'll see you guys
tomorrow January 2nd okay bye
Ellie Njord
