this is the best game we could play
we're doing Simon Says and Jackson I
said let's do a jumping jack I showed
you how to do it that's pretty good okay
Simon Says rub your tummy and pat your
head now pat your head and rub your
tummy yep
that's pretty close you coming to play a
puzzle with us Jackson you are getting
is so good at matching games and puzzles
this is so fun to see you guys growing
up I can't believe that you guys how
much has changed this past year the kid
do you remember when we brought Calvin
home from the hospital you took the
binky out of his mouth and then whacked
him with it like I cannot believe these
two babies of mine they're grown up so
much I think it was in the YouTube
comments yesterday or on my twitch
stream yesterday that someone asked are
you worried about your kids hips because
of the condition that you have
and I would say partially yes and
partially no I don't think they have the
same thing that I was born with but
there's always things that can develop
over time when you get into situations
like Jackson is in right now where if
you have what's called like W sitting
Jackson tell me how you sit on your
knees like that yeah just like that
so we need to make sure our feet don't
go out so we get on our knees yeah or
you can stand like Calvin see see how
your feet are out now get on your knees
on top of your knees see your feet are
still out sit on your feet there you go
good uh-huh
so every time I see him I try and remind
him how to you know to do that he's
still really really flexible so it's not
a huge thing you just want it to be kind
of happen so in short I not really
worried about it especially if we're
doing things like that to prevent
from doing like W something like that um
Jared those are Calvin's fan service
those are Calvin they're not yours
they're so short no it is New Year's Eve
and New Year's Eve means there is some
football on the TV well it's a
commercial right now but it is the
chick-fil-a bowl Alabama and the
University of Washington the Huskies are
playing now growing up I was always a
Cougars fan Washington State University
and I never really liked the Huskies all
that much Alabama which which they're
ranked number one is against Washington
right now in Washington is ahead 7 to 0
so who do you root for so it's a rival
team I love your childhood or Alabama
cuz you know college no yeah exactly
so we're gonna watch this game this is
me we've got three generations watching
this football game right now hey Dad
yeah but Trouble Man half purple peer
because the Huskies have purple pants on
what about the other team what color are
they wearing Oh what yeah that's right
good job uh well that was quick not one
minute after we filmed that clip did
Alabama come back and have like a 180
yard drive with like eight plays and
scored a touchdown so it's all tied up
it's an even game Jackson what did they
do at football what do you do in
football Jackson one you run yeah yeah
where do you run to the end zone that's
right
okay there you go mr. crazy if the bean
got to the bottom of the stairs you know
who is here and it is oh yeah
Bonnie's here we're getting ready for
the New Year's Eve party bonnie is
cutting up some fresh fruit because we
are going to do fondue when the kids go
to bed when the kids are awake they are
getting ready to go in the hot tub and
my friend is coming over that I grew up
with I'm really excited to see him his
wife and his wife is pregnant a girl and
I'm really excited to show you grow
closer Sophie oh boy clothes are cute
you just get openness up
like the cutest you know the pink diaper
bag that I always have around that is a
fun design bag so it got hurt a pink
diaper bag and two little outfits and I
think that this one yike is my favorite
you watch out first and you better step
down
move over go okay look what Jack said
okay John
well that was silver let's see Calvin
jump he's been a brave soul oh whoa whoa
whoa Cal - hi come down here John Calvin
be nice a lot of people really think
about like you should be teaching him
that but the kids do it and he sees it
and he's going to do it so I'm going to
be with him while he does it
I kind of just kind of crazy the like my
little 18 month old is jumping off the
stairs but that's what we're doing go
stand right there your turn
all right everyone listen up if you want
to get in the hot tub you got to do
something for me okay that's what I like
to hear Jackson everyone line up next to
Olivia everyone turn around now shake
your booty
you guys ready don't matter everyone
over here is like
dad you too all right you guys line up
and I'm gonna carry each and every one
of you guys out to the hot tub because
it is so cold in the snow
I want your feets to get cold okay so
either we can do it one at a time or you
guys can all just jump on me all once
what do you guys think when I die one at
a time that's boring everyone on boys
let's go look at the door hold on don't
let go I'll get you undressed Calvin's
gonna go too
he's gonna go I'm gonna get him
undressed Cody I'll take you okay why
would you think by Calvin
of all the toys that we have this is all
the kids favorite game it is the role
play dice game that you roll and then
they choose the color it lands on then
they do that whatever it tells them to
do you got blue two bus
all of them are getting blue choose a
blue find the car no yes oh do you see
what color landed on purple where's the
purple good job
what is this a this round your belly
huh everyone rub your bellies Grif your
bellies oh you rub your belly Jackson
set go right here right here
keep way down no Calvin you're gonna
ruin it I had to grab her cuz he was
giving away Cal Jackson where's the
Livia going this is the best yet Oh
she'll stay there stood there he's
hiding
that was my hiding spot
krishnakant just screaming what are we
all getting ready for kids ferrets are
we gonna see some fireworks that was
really nice of uncle Joel to bring them
they look magical sitting in this window
with the lights what more could you ask
for as a kid this is amazing I know what
was your favorite part about the whole
year again hi gang q hide-and-seek you
grew up so much this past year I can't
believe what you look like one year is
over car driver he's not really going
anywhere but were pretending cool
Calvin Calvin what was your favorite
thing this year was it learning how to
sleep through the night was it learning
to walk anything like that you had a
pretty big year I would say so getting
all those teeth yeah your dinky yeah huh
you growling you're yelling at me
yeah big year for all you guys we are
we're gonna say family chair and then
say fireworks and go to bed we're going
to say a special cousin prayer cuz you
kids have grown up this whole year
together
oh okay fold your arms
you know what countin I sure am so glad
and so lucky to have you in the entire
year of 2016 I love you and guess what
tomorrow when you wake up it's going to
be a brand new year and we're going to
have so much fun and you are going to
learn so much in that year and I cannot
wait to see all of the things that you
learn and all of the things that you do
I love you
we just had an amazing fondue dinner it
was so so good and here are the leftover
pieces of ribs not very many it was blue
we smashed that bread and fondue is
great and now that means we're ready for
round two Joel is mixing up the
chocolaty peanut buttery goodness shunga
ooh and we've got like all these little
things that we're gonna dip we've got
strawberries pineapple and then the good
stuff cookies cinnamon bears and rice
krispie treats all the vegetables don't
go back in the top no no we are done
with vegetables this is this is 2017
almost okay Benny are you ready you're
ready for some chocolate fondue don't
worry
people say chocolate is bad for dogs but
it's really not actually really good for
that yeah and that's why they don't want
dogs to have is because it's so good
that they're just gonna like you want
more all the time so that's why you
don't get chocolate two dogs this is my
favorite part about 2016 nothing else
compares to this moment right the best
part of your year wow we just ate our
dinner and now we're on to dessert but
this is my friend Ashton we grew up
together our family and his family and
his sweet wife that she's expecting a
little girl but this is really good this
is like the best idea ever
mmm fondue so we are just hanging out of
here waiting for the countdown it is
almost midnight
you guys ready to end 2016 pruney hour
and a half and not mrs. Prynne I'll
still kiss you we've got 30 seconds
what's something you want to do 2017
Bheema happier withdrawal oh that's
sweet in 2017 I want to make another
baby get over here forget any time
beautiful it just may be some time mr.
ready I'm excited to see how much more
the boys will grow between now and even
a year from now that'll be so crazy I am
so excited to see all the adventures
we're about to go on okay ready
10 9 8
seven six five
Oh three two
you
yes happy few times 17 can't believe
that this is a brand new year guys
brand new year you excited all year that
dr. pepper cherry hahaha that's a joke
like I'm already breaking resolutions
this is from 2016 so it's it was open
VIN so it's still yeah guys I hope you
are ready for a brand new very exciting
year this is going to be so much fun and
we can't wait for you to join along on
the ride so make sure you are subscribed
to our Channel give this video a thumbs
up if you're ready for 2017 come along
with us see you guys next time bye
