Oh show us how you ski he's skiing make
sure you watch out for the slaloms good
job
pesky back go off the jump good job
welcome to the eve of New Year's Eve
happy Friday everybody you know what we
say before we play hard we gotta work
hard so we are picking up our basement
hey it's Christmas time I even know how
the basement got to this come on it's a
little cray-cray that's okay that's what
it's get all just we are just picking up
I'm dusting we're gonna back you and
picking up before we go play hard guess
what we're gonna do today we're to go
with our cousins and uncle Joel's
brother was so kind to let us come too
we're all gonna go to being together
we're gonna go sledding down a hill like
tubing like skiing kind of what I like
daddy I like ice-skating are you excited
yeah what do you think Jackson doesn't
look pretty good down here now yeah with
a Christmas tree gone it just feels like
so empty in here we had a Christmas tree
right there and a Christmas small
Christmas tree right here but now like
looking in it's empty I think we should
put some stuff up here do we have a
regular stuff or was that just like fall
stuff up there so we got to figure out
some cool stuff to put up there Jackson
maybe we can hang you up there like I
don't know but something right there I
don't know no we want stuff on the
fireplace but we're on that wall I'm not
sure we should what do you guys think
should we put anything out there if so
what should we do maybe like a giant
picture picture of me right there you
know like like Kramer how he has that
poster for the kids pictures right here
uh-huh
picture where we got married for them
yeah yeah where is that by the way we
should hang that soon just like just
like what we had at our old place just
above the piano we got most of our tours
then we've got a couple more and then
we're going to go a
we made it to the top of the mountain
you guys ready
nervous Joel just said they last year it
was a free-for-all but this year they
won't let mom's go with kids or anyone
for that matter that's what I'm at like
so Calvin will either have to not go or
go on the tube by himself but they have
a little kitty tubes it's just a small
little thing so yeah I'd be good you
want it you want to hold it in you know
film em and go with them and everything
but Jackson that means you're gonna have
to ride solo and Calvin you're gonna
have to ride solo and we're gonna have
an adventure all by ourselves is this
gonna be fun you got it to grab a tube
let's go okay you guys go and I'll put
I'll be right behind you whoo you ready
hey Cal you ready you were going up the
mountain whoo go Jackson go he's
cruising on that I'm expecting Mach 3
speeds
maybe Mach 1 that's so good it's still
firing that's that's still cruising all
right you sit right there Cal guys gonna
hang on you ready here we go
you
yeah okay but you didn't like that yeah
yeah he was cruising if you want to get
out okay let's go and coming in in last
places Joel what the what a finish
whoa did you like that Kyle kind of
hesitant about it go and try again
Calvin don't go again
he's like thinking hmm Chuck I can't do
you want to go up again fine it was it
fun you ready do it again
what did you go fast yeah okay let's I
want you to go with me this time so we
can see how fast you go okay you want to
flip over you're crazy why do you want
to flip over like I say V okay here we
go
Wow
Jackson you did awesome
Jackson you did so good was that fun
I'll pull yeah i'll pull yeah you sit
down sit down sit down
is that fun yeah you do you are the
Cookie Monster you little whoa look at
that face one in each a Jackson came up
here to get a little snack and all he
wants to do is go back down we are up
here with Bobby's family I'm so glad
that they don't mind that I'm here you
got Jeff and Josh and their cute new
little sweet baby oh my gosh
so sweet we're sitting here eating a ton
of snack because they're very excited to
go down tell me how you liked it faster
luck you will they go again
okay so I brought something with me and
not very sure of the legalities here but
right now I'm going to ask for
forgiveness instead of permission right
here that's better apply it I don't
think it'll be terrible
I Neal just asked me to stuff right they
don't right what do you think should I
do it Jackson yeah okay ready three two
I was nervous
twice and I was like oh crap so here's
what happened is she wanted like to hook
the drone off as soon as I took it off
sure enough ski patrol comes up to this
landing they knew exactly where I was
and they're like hey are you the one
who's flying the drone I said he had you
want me to land it he said no are you
kidding I have one myself and I forget a
lot of those things quite as much and
you want I'm like yeah and then the
director of the mountain came up I was
like they're you the one who's flying
the drone I said yeah and he's like he's
like just make sure you stay on the
property don't go out too far in the
wilderness or else the wilderness Patrol
will get you oh my gosh there's known is
so awesome and let me fly the truth here
it was so sweet cuz your kids too tired
everyone's bummed everyone's tired say
see you later alligators alligators
let's go
hey guys what are you wanting to do he
wants to go ski he's pointing to
everybody skis he really wants to go and
we didn't last year but we're next time
it's the mother
it's gonna be daddy mommy and Jackson
and we are going to ski and he is going
to go downhill like he did last year
we'll see how good you do this year
we're gonna go ice skating again and
skiing next to the public today we're
going to be we like it yeah is it fun to
go down the hill yeah he's such an
adventurous you know he just wants to go
and do everything guess what when you're
two we're gonna take you next year
skiing - is it good to eat crackers all
day all right kiddos this is the last
run of the day are you excited you gonna
make it a good one you're gonna do a
backflip no that's what I like to hear
Jackson alright you ready
let's go
do you like it yeah haha was that crazy
Cody was that so awesome we are going so
fast this is the slippery in there whoo
okay here comes your dad yeah
was that so awesome okay let's get em
away look at all these tubes you can
make it I believe in you you did it
Jackson you didn't you made it to the
top okay now slice down
we got a slide as Matt Jackson go for it
whoa mr. penguin praises holy crap is a
freaking thing with I'm running Jones
shoot I'm ready to go get the van I
can't stop it so I see oh that is your
ice right there and I'm ready to go get
the van so I can pick everyone up but it
is like blah so I see running is not a
good idea on ice
I don't even know Heights gates watch
out I'm jumping yeah hey watch watch
Calvin's nothing moved out of the way
well penny came up out of nowhere and
totally just ajax with me at Calvin's
dinner then she ran up again to to do
any kalfa Calvin picked it up like that
it was like oh he's like not now I asked
my food that was so funny when he did
the first time Belleville and they were
like did he just do that ha ha
see he's like nah nah my bed but that's
the next trick
can we gotta learn how to do off you
should do much better come on that's the
first that's not too bad considering
we've had you for a while yeah I'm grout
that actually is the first time she's
ever eaten off of my place yeah first
time in food I think no I think I gave
her a piece of food one time ah what
you're pretending to ski when we got
home yo show us how you ski rotated you
skiing make sure you watch out for the
slaloms ha ha ha ha good job
pesky back course a jump
good job what have you got in your hands
young man what is that far those
snowballs and who are you gonna throw
those at or shoot him at do you okay
you're gonna do that one and who are you
gonna throw it at go shoot grandpa go
get grandpa get him real good
oh okay Jackson that was awesome
high-five but you know what we can do a
little bit better let me show you how
it's really done
here we are peaceful eating dinner and
what happens Kriya - you of us for rigid
you don't have to feel that that was
good
chicken girl rebels here go say hi go
see him cook in a pen careful chilli
your dinner
okay she's he's saying down down which
is right down penny
Jimmy when he wrote home in the car with
us you are huge now
we're still pigheaded pretty penny
we pretty piggy you're so big now oh you
like her Fong off my lap it is about
time to say good night guys tomorrow we
have a fun exciting day we're having
just kind of low-key New Year's Eve
we're doing a little fondue so let's
stay tuned for tomorrow taking it to our
friends she's not in the mood she's not
in the mood guys okay good night good
night
