alright dude we gotta make way it's
Jackson's turn we gotta make waves
Jackson's turn kind of make lights
Jackson soon there you go that's right
whoa
good morning guys good morning how many
times is this happened to you give us a
story mom where you make half your
recipe and realize crap about a flower
no Ellie was like let's make biscuits
and gravy this morning which if you guys
didn't know I other makes like the best
biscuits and gravy ever breakfast all
the time we're like almost done making
all these biscuits and gravy and then we
realize crap you don't have the flour we
need to make the gravy it or to debate
the business the gravy the biscuits we
already have the biscuits the biscuits
all right there we need the gravy so
we've got to figure it out and improvise
but it's just funny what it's just like
how many times you make a recipe and you
don't check all of your ingredients
before you start making it yeah I mean
like a lot of the time you just don't
even think about that stuff especially
with flour because you get in such large
quantities but we're gonna improvise see
what we could come up with k buddy so
this happened I was like how did you
just fall asleep on the couch
you woke up kind of early so easy to put
him down for an early nap but then you
fell asleep I'm not gonna move in and I
thought well I guess Calvin's gonna have
a nap on the couch today so I am taking
down the Christmas tree downstairs I can
leave the one upstairs for a little bit
murder I have the Christmas tree taking
down and some of the stuff in the
storage area so you guys know this was
supposedly supposed to be a kitchenette
we didn't want a kitchenette hey
everyone more area for the kids to play
and this turned into like a storage room
this is where all of our decor is gonna
go Christmas Thanksgiving Halloween
whatever decor we have will go in here
it's already kind of crazy full because
we'll have two trees and then we have
two Christmas bins and then we have one
full bin is like Thanksgiving splash
Halloween bin and then our regular stuff
that's usually up throughout the rest of
the year so it's already colorful on
here like it will get full but that's as
full as it's going to get no more decor
will go anywhere else like this is the
storage area and once it's full its full
and I'm not going to buy anything else
so eventually it'd be nice to put like
some shelves up there so we can like put
some more stuff up there but this
is the room for one full year all of
decor this is where it all goes there
should be no reason why I should have
any more stuff so that's what I told
myself as I was putting the stuff where
I thought you know we have other storage
areas but this is for decor I think he
is so sweet this little face it's a
little body good night well Jackson and
I definitely had a learning experience
today we had to discipline Jackson I'm
kind of anxious to see how this all
played out so he's been in his room and
we're gonna talk a little bit hi bud
you doing okay okay should we tell what
happened yeah can you tell me what
happened in the store today mm-hmm a
troller car mm-hmm and take it up mm-hmm
and get trouble that's actually I'm
pretty impressed with out how quickly
summed it up so Jax and I went to the
store to grab a couple things before we
went in the store we said I said Jackson
we're gonna go really quick we're gonna
go in and grab a couple things and then
we're gonna go out so while we were
there he ran off and found a
remote-control car and wanted to play
with it and I said no you got to stay
next to me and so I hadn't put it down
and he started screaming and so very
calmly I said Jackson we don't do that
in the stores come with me and we'll go
look around for a little bit and then
we'll go so we looked around for a
little bit he was doing Goods 10:00
right next to me and then he ran off and
I couldn't find him so I went over to
the maroc control car sure enough there
he was I asked him kindly to put it back
and he did not right is that when you
started screaming again no gang no well
if you keep this if you listen to what
daddy says you won't get in trouble I
asked him to put it down and he he threw
a fit what I did is I just you know we I
had all the stuff in my hands put it
down and we just walked right out of the
store because I didn't want him thinking
that we could stay at the store if he
was going to be acting like that so he
came home and we sat on his bed and we
talked about it didn't we did we talk
about it so I told Jackson if you want
to do those things
things you can't scream and yep it's not
nice to scream and yell when we're at a
store or when we're doing things
together it's not nice to scream and
yell to try and get things that you want
okay okay we have to be a good boy
and we have to listen to what mommy and
daddy says okay okay and you've been a
good listener to stay in your bed I'm
really proud that you did that I had him
sit in his room and read a book for a
little bit here in his bed are you sorry
about screaming and yelling yeah are you
gonna do it again hi Cathy hi buddy are
you gonna scream and yell again yep good
boy
I love you Jackson love you gimme kiss
mm-hmm and it's not that I don't want
Jackson playing with the toys of course
I want him playing with his toys it's
that he was doing it while he was
screaming and yelling and I didn't want
him to do that and that was like the
biggest thing okay yeah it's not okay
for him to do that while we're at the
store or really for any case in those
situations so I really really was
impressed with how well he handled it
when he was in his bedroom we don't have
to like get raging mad a lot
but when Jarrod go home Jackson walked
down the stairs sat on his bed said
let's talk about being the dad I was
like what so you must have been saying
in the car we're gonna go something like
that may or may not have happened
yeah get that measuring tape sister girl
in our garage we've had something like
and we came down here to double-check
the measurement and everything is
perfect for someone's birthday coming up
soon my friend she's gonna come in and
she's gonna paint under here like a
mural like how cool yeah it's gonna be
kind of a woodsy theme and then we have
something for Jackson for his birthday
that's good kind of like right right in
here we're gonna have him open up like
his two gifts and I have already set up
I think yeah I think I want him to come
in and have it move there ready oh I
think yeah kind of like Bobby q yeah I
think I think I like it I said it's it's
perfect for like what he's been playing
with like in the hello room like what he
doesn't hear the gift we got him is
perfect for that so I'm excited perk
I'm so excited for this coming up in
like a weekend over there play in yeah
sing us a song you're the piano man well
penny well sister girl it looks like
it's just you and me again at the dog
park but that's okay we're gonna have
fun aren't we
we're gonna play and have fun huh you're
such a good girl she is sniffing around
like crazy I know loves will point if
they're like trained to is that
something that I can train her to like a
professional have to do that there's so
many things that I'm so anxious for when
penny is a little bit older and she's
ready to train oh my gosh we're gonna
take it to like next level
I remember watching like on was
America's Funniest Home Videos oh that's
a good girl
yeah Yeah right Keys say hi to our
friends I think America's Funniest Home
Videos there is a dog leg skidboot or
something like that take one step with
your right foot take two steps with your
left foot or something like that turn
around four times but now wait wait wait
you know just like crazy training like a
step take one more one more ease up on
it he's up to it no no no you can't get
it but you can touch it so I'm super
excited to do some fun training with my
little girl penny huh I blow pretty
penny huh yeah hi pretty penny
and
when the cousins get together sometimes
I go sometimes I laugh and right now I'm
definitely going
whoa they have pulled the feed bags down
here and they're jumping down and like
Jackson would be doing this every time I
used to do this all growing up clit step
down straight on - hi Jax are you going
Olivia it smells like a bunch of
kindergarteners really no that's too
high scoot down one okay jump we used to
do this table to all the tiger I was our
cousin we would have but not this safety
here
we were just jump or heavy beanbags
around a hair Ellie jump the Bonnie
uses all the time I would stand one step
jump she catch me the next the next and
I and Bonnie would stand there and I
would jump and I live in a big girl I
was like Olivia's age yeah are we being
heavy and you'd catch me out I remember
that clear as day do you remember yes
would you remember what I do oh yeah
your body's like okay who's next
penny did you have fun at the dog park
you sure did we are now at the vet penny
is having another checkup and we're just
making sure everything looks good she's
a little nervous isn't the first time
that penny has ever like been kind of
shaky and I don't know if that's just
like the smells in the vet clinic we're
just taking a little potty break but
it's interesting because all of my dogs
did that growing up too as soon as we
walk in there like
I smell something and it's danger hey
it's gonna be all right it's gonna be
okay it's gonna be okay
you've been here before you know what
it's about their twitters he's like I'm
dead I'm so sad they just took her back
to get her weight in temperature and
then he was just like looking at me like
what are you doing it was like she's
gonna be good
she's great it's just like oh it was
funny when the family was over Kevin was
like Penny's getting so pip big she's
not awkward the awkward stage which is
so true she is a tiny little baby baby
pup but her paws are so big you know
what I mean it's like she just looks
like you're growing
yeah and that's like a cool indication
like to see how big a dog is gonna get
is like five paws and like every puppy
has that awkward stage where their feet
are too big for their body yeah it's the
cutest thing ever
but we just got back from the vet and
she did awesome she is so good
everything looks great her hips look
great her teeth look great she looks
great
she's just harder than a pop you know ah
you guys are so crazy
jumping up there that's intense bud
you're crazy all right dude we got to
make way it's Jackson's turn this
Jackson's turn we got to make waves
Jackson's turn kind of make waves there
you go
that's right whoa yeah that was a big
jump gate go Calvin go no that's do I
this yeah
oh you're going to okay yeah right there
that's perfect no that's do I that's do
I that's do i oh my gosh you are crazy
no way do not jump
- yeah you're crazy now that's do I
that's why I do I
I wouldn't even jump that high I'd hit
my head on there
okay good you're coming down good good
good Jackson that's way too I do not
jump from there Calvin you can jump from
right there jump jump jump whoa good
yeah ha ha ha ha ha Jackson that's way
too high uncle Jarrod's gonna jump that
high okay your hands are orange from
jello huh
or is it carrots huh where's the orange
soda huh
tickles I look up I go let go whoa whoa
over the top okay Calvin right there
ready no no no no right that right there
go go go jump jump you did it what are
you doing you got a pot on your head
whoa that toppled you right over didn't
it Jackson did you have so much fun
Calvin did you have so much fun today
looks like you're winning top hat I just
got back from the church that's why I'm
in my my suit and tag they gave me an
assignment to teach a class and I'm very
excited about it's gonna be a lot of fun
but with that I'm gonna put these kids
to bed guys are you ready to go to bed
whoa okay
let's say goodbye to our friends guys
thank you guys so much for watching if
you enjoyed this video be sure to give
it a thumbs up if you're new to our
channel be sure to hit that subscribe
button it just lets you know that we
make a video every single day and lets
you know when we put it up can you say
goodbye yeah
say bye to our friends right say bye
thanks for watching
ah say bye
