Jackson what is that is that your dance
like a puppy dog
Jackson when did you decide to just grow
up and get so big company cuz Calvin is
a stinker I said Calvin let's go goodbye
what did you say when I said goodbye he
said don't leave Calvin I said why
because he's a stinker and I laughed and
I went like this and hugged you and then
what did you say what I hugged you you
said don't mess up my hair and I said
your hair is just fine well just Calvin
being a stinker take after me or take
after mommy okay the terms and
conditions hi Callie you ready to go
let's go okay brothers brothers forever
Ruta go see our friends we haven't seen
in forever your friends we're going
dumpkins Oh two and a half hours can
give you one crick in the neck
Oh finally made it we had a two and a
half hour drive and we're done Ellie
slept Jackson slept like the whole time
which was super surprising because he
like never takes naps in the car unless
it's like later on in the day and guess
who didn't now oh okay I think he made
maybe you can like lay him down we're at
our friends house our longtime friends
and we're gonna go say hello and I have
a meeting so I'm gonna go do that and
drop these guys off three days Dale are
you sure you can jump that far it's good
thing you have Uncle Mike here to catch
you holy cow
alright Duncan your turn yeah Jackson
you're like such a fearless kid he's
like watch me do a spin with it yeah
these guys have no privacy scary there's
one we're gonna have to watch
I can't wait to get him in gymnastics
yeah come on guys dance dance cow don't
worry we're just having a Mitch dinner
dance break get it I was just saying I
always feel so weird dancing like this
around Ashley because Ashley's a
professional dancer but well yeah we all
not fun but it's just like when I'm
better than actually a dancer you know
I'm terrible where's the music
I'm waiting for Ashley
all right the little kids took pictures
now it's time for the moon to take
pictures so you guys don't mind Justin
have you been in our box before I think
you have sure
a long long time ago in a galaxy far far
away we all go way back we actually used
to all work together at the same place
you guys know that Mike used to be my
boss and Jensen and I were coworkers
yeah my old job so that was we go way
back there was a lot of fun we're gonna
take a picture I don't need this one see
ok ladies your turn smile for the camera
the hue curls are just so beautiful
Vivian I've had babies together we had
our first baby lives apart our second
babies are closer and she said to me and
I'm not so we also traveled down here
not just to visit friends but to do
something very special to finish off the
IVF grant process speaking of the devil
as we are talking about it we are
driving by the Utah Fertility Center
Jackson where we saw you as an egg
that's where all the magic happened
right there so they said we had a lot of
conversations there like driving down
this road brings back so many memories
I would pick Jared up from work and then
we'd go over to the center we're trying
as judge who's talking that's ok whoever
thought you had me in the back seat
that's the crazy thing who would have
thought that we'd be driving down this
road passing the fertility center
yeah to kids where we would have our
kids like make all the noise you want
kids we have yeah where is kind of rush
at my friend's house out but we
we did your friends our husbands work
together we both had PCOS we both had
our first babies we tried for a while
having them and then we both had our
second babies and now right now she is
expecting 17 weeks with her third she
finds out she's had a boy or girl very
soon so what's about talking to her see
how she's doing and seeing thoughts of
having a third you know we felt a little
you talked a little bit about what we
thought with you guys just read only one
other words oh no quite when but can we
say we are gonna have a conversation
about that one of these days I just what
we're still talking we're still thinking
about it I stopped talking but we are
off to finish off the finalization of
our I can't even believe this is
happening okay so I am here with Serena
this is Serena she is like one of the
founders of footsteps for fertility
mm-hmm and we have been talking the past
couple months and we're making all of
this happen and this couldn't have
happened without you and your team so
thank you for being a huge part of this
well thank you for approaching us it's
been a huge thing for us this has been
such a magical journey I feel like I
mean just the fact that we were able to
go from 1 to 7 7 grams this right here
is this is it this is like the final
thing this is making this happen this
piece of paper right here I'm getting it
to you all right okay people are gonna
make gifts of that and it's gonna be
hashtag awkward
thank you though like seriously I work
it's been more in the future absolutely
we're gonna we're gonna change some
lives I hope I hope I hope I know so
okay thank you so much
two hours later no dad how come you to
welcome me like that girl it's a good
girl she have fun with Grandma and
Grandpa today hmm
well we finally finally made it back we
were on the road out of town for 12
hours today and I think like seven of
those hours we were driving in the band
I think it'd be honestly did so good I'm
so proud of them they were little
troopers while we were on our little
trip it was so fun seeing our friends
and catching up with them and seeing
Jackson catching up with Duncan like how
far apart those guys are just not you
apart yeah exactly weeks apart yeah
they're they're the cutest like I love
that our friends have kids that are
their age you know that's just the best
like that's the coolest thing having and
she's having another baby can you
believe that and another big things like
we're wrapping up this IVF grant miracle
and there's so many people that we have
to think and we couldn't have done it
and without everyone and we're so
grateful and we can't wait to see what
this turns into you know it's just
amazing that this has happened and we're
just excited to keep in touch with our
friends that have won these I via grants
and to see how they're doing we've
already talked to them about when
they're going to be doing them and a lot
of them they won't be starting and tell
like whitbeck later within the year so
we'll keep you guys updated for sure but
we're so it's like yeah we just we
didn't think this was possible for all
of them like yeah but we had a lot of
people make this happen so thank you
with that we're gonna call it a night
cuz we are exhausted I'm gonna go to bed
last night either so jared is like I
told John the car I was like Jared that
made me feel so good after you take care
of Jackson Calvin was in our bed and my
I was like Calvin believed and then all
of a sudden I saw Jared's hands like
comment sweet Calvin up and leave and I
was like thank you and now it's my turn
thank you giving that a lot and I can't
do you are so welcome
it's teeth like halfway through and so
we're almost through the teething part
so thank you so much for watching guys
it's the only thing that soothes them
right now is that Peppa Pig I love
Jackson has been saying trolley instead
of shopping cart now because of Peppa
Pig just so you get supermarket the
grocery store which is and you know what
else he says it's quite fun oh he said
all the time okay okay
I'm tired of my arms tired so I'm gonna
leave it bye
