good morning from one of the favorite
spots in my house the bathroom oh I'm in
my laundry room this seriously is one of
my favorite spots in the house just
cause it's like my room I love it I am
doing some laundry I woke up this
morning at 5:00 and I was like that's
really good I did a few loads of laundry
went back to bed and then woke up with
the kids and I was like it's a
productive day I think I can call it
good today
so you been watching a movie with the
kids downstairs the downstairs playing
I'm just getting some more laundry
folded and done and put away and that's
not morning I love it fufufufu
it is cold it has been a decent amount
of time since we have been in the hot
tub and opened it up and everything and
so I am going to check the temperature
and like the the chemicals and
everything and make sure everything bout
is balanced for later on tonight we're
having a little party tonight it's gonna
be great cuz parties were awesome Andrew
W K everything is awesome way that's not
Andrew W K but Andrew W K is a party guy
you know what I'm trying to say okay
let's open this bad boy up look there's
like six inches of snow on this isn't
that crazy alright let's see let's see
if this will do it snow yeah
it snows heavy
all right
well guys got to do a little maintenance
on the hot tub got to clean the filter
and then there's this thing this is the
flippin frog and it flipped so I've got
to switch this out so you guys know that
we've been potty training Jackson and
things have been going really really
well without fail he will use the potty
to go number one number two we're having
a little bit of an issue and I think I
know why but I want to double-check with
someone first to see like what we can do
I think he might be a little constipated
a couple of weeks back I was looking
through some different health insurances
because it's like the end of the year
and I found out about this app called
Kinect care from Intermountain
Healthcare where you can actually video
chat with a doctor instead of going to
the doctor's office so I'm gonna talk to
them real quick and see what they have
to say hi how are you good are you Jack
yes I am Jared we're potty training him
and everything like that and he's got
some fears going number two on the
toilet is he complaining that his tummy
hurts
or is he what are his symptoms
I'm Nancy how you doing okay so that is
Intermountain Healthcare is connect care
I was pleasantly surprised with how
awesome it was the doctor actually had
Jackson come in and she talked with him
and made him laugh it was just really
cool how personal and and and good it
felt just talking over the phone yeah I
did I did the video chat through my
phone whether you have an Android device
or an iPhone like I do or even just on
your computer you could video chat with
these guys 24/7 wherever you are
wherever you have an internet connection
and it didn't cost near as much as I
thought it was actually really
affordable like cheaper than going to an
emergency room very comparable with a
lot of other doctor visits that you
would go to regularly and they didn't
have to take Jackson to the clinic where
he had me run into something that is
contagious or anything like that when
he's not already sick in that sense so I
really like if you guys want to check it
out you can download it on your phone or
on your computer I'll have links to the
iOS and Android I'll have all that
information down in the description down
below so you guys can check out
Intermountain health
connect your app Jackson Kimmie we're
not gonna go downstairs and play at
Grandma's house yet because we're gonna
eat lunch and our cousins are coming
over her name is Iowa that's my thing
that's your cousin it's daddy's cousin's
little girl and her and all the cousins
are siblings you're coming over excited
to play with them you gonna know her now
Yeah right now right now it's right now
he's he looks just I mean I'm sure he
looks just like you but when I look at
him and I know I'm good pictures that I
use I know it's so funny he is such a
good mixture of both of us I think cuz I
told you to tea Oh your dad see you and
I totally see me one yeah
my cousins are actually visiting from
Pennsylvania and they have five voice no
more boys and one girl the baby's a girl
baby is a girl and I'm like that's gonna
be Ellen we're gonna go through four
plays before he had one girl well then
you have to another girl yeah yeah the
sisters are the best your cousins are
coming over yeah yeah are you so excited
what's your cousin's name hey that's my
idea oh you're so excited Jackson are
your cousin's here he excited to see you
yeah good - hi Jackson say hi
here Jackson Sarah there maybe I should
race okay ready one two three
go go go go like football what is going
on over here
Jackson grandpa told me to come ask you
to do a flip yeah
damn watching dude we need to get him in
gymnastics we are here that's almost a
front handspring dude what okay who's
next
never told me it was a cool way that is
the cool flip yeah go ila okay go do a
cool flip oh dude that's awesome come
come flip and give me a high five to
flip good job Danni
you are so hyper did you miss me oh I
wasn't gone that long
I wasn't going down did you miss me I
have returned from the hot tub store and
I have the essentials that we need for a
beautiful experience tonight and are you
still up for the challenge Ellie I am
very up for the challenge a lot of
people think that we should not but guys
come on Jared used to live in Finland
where you going saunas and then jump on
the freezing cold and then go back in a
sauna and this is just fun right we're
gonna do it anyway
and the party is about to begin raising
how do you have ever yeah I am full of
it energy not it I'm full of energy
we've got Bonnie and Joel and Beau and
Emily and we are on a triple gaze but
our kids are home asleep a zaysan penny
is babysitting she's asleep
- well does he know if they're all
asleep it's ok it's like us sleeping at
home you know but we are all going out
to dinner
and it's gonna be great we're a really
nice place called the elements let me
get the door for you and for you guys
welcome to the party it's about to begin
so there's no way you can get us a table
in one minute there's no way this is the
holiday weekend do you know who this guy
is
oh yeah there's just no way Joel
everyone love an official no Joel knows
everything about Logan but you didn't
know that every time we go in the car
it's like a history lesson or like a
like we're on a tour he's like that
building over there was built in 1790
forever zoned by this company and over
the last 200 years for 10-point billion
dollars okay that's how I deduct the
cost of a car
I run a service right crap how much do I
owe you
I'll send you a bill
Oh penny penny penny the hot tub looks
good before we get in and have our crazy
challenge adventure there's one more
thing that I want to add to the hot tub
and we've never done this before
what's pizzazz that's what it's paws abs
or something anyway it's like this
smelly stuff so it's like a Roma therapy
warm French vanilla just to smell good
and and feel good so I'm gonna try this
and see how it goes in with that but it
smells really good so we're gonna try it
out and smell good and smell good you
can't get in there not yet at least
you probably I don't know it's probably
too hot for her but I know dogs labs
especially love the water so I'm sure
there's gonna be at least one time where
penny comes in the hot tub with us smell
good smell good smell good
all right the siblings already boar
through the snow I've got treats in the
grade it's gone oh it's cool guys it is
a winter wonderland
BRR my feet are gonna be it's gonna be
hot because you're doing a dance
Cate interrogated me to ask me where I
was going she said what are you doing
here dad oh I'm picking up some shorts
what for
um just to you know you went in the hot
tub not dad where you gonna hot tub at
Le Judy's house they have a hot tub in
the hot tub next time okay next time
maybe yes okay Jax you love that that's
cute ha did anyone order any drinks oh I
am like mentally preparing myself for
this it is so cold outside saying just
let's do it and I'll think about it it's
like a baby it's like a band-aid just oh
we're having the baby yeah you got to
think about that for a second so it is
what ten degrees outside you think yeah
maybe like five degrees five degrees
outside and the hot tub is sitting at a
good 100 degrees so we're going a
hundred degrees difference nearly can
you believe that
isn't that crazy think about oh gosh now
a lot of people right that's so bad for
you but it's gonna make our hearts
stronger yeah I think it's actually good
for you it is yeah that's not why it
fins do it as they go in the sauna and
everything another thing is you can't
catch a cold from temperature a lot of
people were saying like you'll catch a
cold by doing okay so we're gonna jump
over there
and Joel's gonna film us and then we're
just the best nosin like this well how
do you feel I feel like everything my
skin is go now I know all the hairs on
my legs are just like they're like on
fire right now
okay bow your turn okay I guess the
worst situation is hypothermia
ah
cameras destroy le and my snow angels
like don't even mean anything isn't it
I'm crazy cheating totally fun John you
gotta go around this place
damn follow the footsteps oh my feet oh
mighty here we go over the door get it
look at your little bus look at your
little phone well it's really
rejuvenating like if you feel like you
get a lot of energy from doing it yeah
once your skin stops burning it feels
great no one else getting burns no no my
budgets are skaters on actually act like
The Bachelor when they jump in the
Canada cold water um I haven't had a
rose in like three weeks I'm starting to
get nervous that la just doesn't have
the feelings for me like she said she
did in week one so I don't know I really
need this rose this week so I just got
to do whatever it takes whether that's
making a snow angel on the top of the
mountain or just beating the other guys
up and intimidating them so that's my
game plan over the weekend we'll see how
it turns out swinging on The Bachelor we
are gonna watch the best I think sound
like Monday or some absolutely my you
watch it yeah you don't again my toe
together fine and I want to take it back
through the bunch like bubble bath sort
of these days and do it that would be so
nice made it into the everything are you
cold
I feel pretty good it's cuz my hair is
wet well I Ellie I think we accepted the
challenge and I think we took it to the
next level we did take it to the next
level
they don't regret it there are no
regrets no regrets hair in our eyes but
and I was looking back it's like I was
like it really wasn't bad it was so
refreshing than hearing the footage I'm
like we were screaming like like little
banshees haha I'm so funny signal like
we're like on the same wavelength so
some players screaming you did like it
it actually did feel really good so I
have a question okay we took on that
challenge what other challenges should
we take on you let us know in the
comments what other challenges we should
take on so without we're gonna call it a
night thank you so much for watching the
video if you enjoyed it give it a thumbs
up if you're new here hit that subscribe
button because we make fun videos like
this every single day we'll see you guys
tomorrow
I could have given
