you look comfortable and there's just
one thing missing from this picture and
I'm about to fix it
are you ready up wrap ah close no way
right
ooh
what is my plan ahead bot what clothes
do not let her that is oh is here oh my
gosh
good job wow that was fun
Jackson and I are playing brain quest he
got this for Christmas and it's just
answers for like three to four year old
sick a debt a huge deck and it's just
like hundreds of questions it just kind
of makes him think and it's kind of fun
good morning guys it is another
beautiful day and we are just having a
great morning
we've been playing we've been having fun
and count all of them like sleepy yeah
Calvin jizz just laid down for a nap
penny and I just played and she I've got
to show you something that she's gone
potty right now but I've got to show you
something that I'm so proud of would you
just look how beautiful it is outside
like look at the snow covering the rocks
and look at those mountains holy
schnikeys it's just gorgeous I cannot
wait to get outside are you excited to
go play on the snow today mm-hmm that
would be so much fun huh what did you
say Ellie it is cold but look I mean
it's a freaking winter wonderland
sandwiches like when we roll everything
so yeah oh my gosh it's a beautiful day
outside and we are getting ready to eat
and have some fun today are you ready to
have some fun today but first things
first we get away from downside awake up
so we're going to eat wait for meeeeee
to wake up and then the fun really
begins alright this is something that
I've been working on for a little bit
with penny she comes into my office with
me whenever I'm like working getting
anything done in the office she comes
with me and every once in a while what
we'll do is we'll just kind of sit and
practice for a little bit mmm sit good
girl do you see that I know I'll do it
again hey sit penny sit good girl
but you were doing that this morning
with no tree and she was doing it really
good
good job pain I was try it without
treating sick she is doing so good
yesterday morning when I have you
falling on Instagram I took a picture of
all of the gifts of the kids just penny
in the middle of the train track and I
asked her to sit and I was like just
stay and usually she would like never do
that but she stayed for a good minute
while I could take a picture
sit did you have any hands okay now
don't give it to her and how she sits
now say it say it loud yeah sit good
sure Jenna give it give it sir good girl
any good in job good job Jackson she was
going to do it as your child I said good
girl no off off that's what we need a
teacher next is off cuz you're gonna get
too big and not kids over even more than
you do good girl
can you see the snow just glimmer at the
Vienna part and it's deep we got so much
of it it's so beautiful
like it is so it's so beautiful
Utah is beautiful look at these
mountains it is crisp and chilly and so
beautiful this is stunning
and you're stuck
do you guys remember when we got the
formula and Jackson was scared to death
of it now he's not he was Calvin career
cow let's get on
Calvin des Beaux he wants to stay on
this is all I won his life now this is
what he wants
Calvin's like I'm driving this so you do
have fun
well it's a sad day in the Meachem house
when Christmas the setting the place is
now moving we're taking all of the toys
that we were playing with the past
couple days and we're taking him
downstairs so it's not sad it's just
kind of hard what's the dog Hey shoo
Lincoln's what a his shoes doing here so
we're taking all the toys downstairs
we're just gathering them all up and
we're putting them in the rightful place
where they will be played with for days
and days and days on end you know when I
was younger we would always just leave
like all like there are really cool toys
and all of the stuff that way we just
keep in the living room just like we did
and we would just play and all together
all of the stuff that we'd have we just
have in the living room and everything
so do you guys do anything like that
like when you're done with your
Christmas do you take it to your bedroom
do you keep it in the living room or
wherever you guys had your Christmas
like you're unwrapping and everything so
we've got the fireplace the fireplace
the fire station down here we'll
probably set up the track down here we
still want to keep some sort of divide
between the play area and like the you
know the TV sitting area so we're
keeping all the toys back there at least
for now usually it'll end up being
scattered throughout one of the things I
really want to do right now
Oh correct that is a brick wall of cold
air I want to use that bad boy when it's
freezing cold out here so in Finland
they have a thing called levanto it's
like where you get in the sauna and then
you jump in the frozen lake and you get
back in the sauna each other they're
frozen like apparently it's really good
for your heart at least that's what the
Finn say or I've heard the thin say so I
think it'd be fun to I think I may do
this tomorrow
I would love to jump in that hot tub and
then get out and make a snow angel and
then jump back yet
because it's good for my heart guys it's
good for my heart Lily I've just come up
with a challenge for us the challenge is
to go into the hot tub and we may do
this tomorrow to go into the hot tub and
then get all nice and warm in the snow
and then make a snow angel
sounds great challenge accepted tomorrow
night be there or be square
ladies and gents all right penny it's
been all day let's try it again
ready sit good girl I was ready yeah hey
you yeah you
I'm talking to you watchin our Christmas
blog for the first time by babies
memories and I also was watching at
Linda and she cracks me up I feel so
special that Aunt Linda was able to be
in our home for Christmas this is
probably the only time we'll have her
you know I feel lucky because you know
she'll be at other family members houses
and uncles other cousins so I'm just
grateful that she has been to Christmas
with me she really brought the Christmas
spirit I felt like oh sure
just seeing her sing well the excitement
the Christmas spirit and the gimmies at
the same time and Linda she expects a
gift
oh yes need to give her a gift well and
she talks about it for months in advance
to talking about Christmas and what
you're gonna get her for Christmas so it
was fun I've thoroughly enjoyed her and
my parents and your parents and Grandma
great like that was special to Grandma
great was able to be at my house I feel
so grateful that she was able to come
and be with us on Christmas and our
house like for the first time and I've
said this before about our parents pot
like I hope she's proud like that she
you know just like yeah you know what I
mean sound wonderful like and it's still
going just the feeling relaxed ation
family extra family time playing
one-on-one with the kids like whether
their toys has been my favorite yeah you
look comfortable and there's just one
thing missing from this picture and I'm
about to fix it are you ready that wrap
ah oh oh oh you're right
hmm that's right I've got my onesie on
and the party is about to start
Ellie are you ready to start the party
now that we got a matching onesie on a
lot of people were asking my penny was
it in the house much it's because we had
a lot of toys around here and she wasn't
how she's back there but she will grab
any toy and demolish it
so so happy Aunt Linda come on you
already heard aunt Linda screaming yeah
Aunt Linda is not too fond of the puppy
so we had her back in the mudroom for a
little bit puppies go through teething
just like babies do and it's really
painful for them no so they like to chew
on a lot of things so the toys there's a
lot of things that pen you could chew on
and get her teeth on when the kids are
playing you know we didn't really want
penny to come in and as soon as they
open to present penny to come in and
swoop in and chew that toy out to
smithereens sit sit oh you are not the
Alpha I have donned
the throne of the Alpha girl she's you
know getting hurt like a dull Heron and
it is a lot darker look at that pata oh
no beautiful dishes yourself growing out
of your puppy and I'm you rub your tummy
I've taken her to the dog park and she
has a lot of fun there I was talking to
someone there the other day and they're
like yeah we come all the time so it's
like having a dog like ever get some new
people and that's kind of fun too you
know she plays at the neighborhood yeah
and that's actually a lot of fun to
paint sit to be honest it's sometimes as
hard that I'm with the kids and like I
can't take care of a right to second
chance and but you were working with her
after cuz I'm the alpha I don't wanna
leave the fireplace
jairs trying to coax me into ending the
vlog in the bedroom that's just I get
what I want
Jed's like no and I'll get getting the
clog in the bedroom that way we keep
safe and the Bob watch and you know what
your show like it's more
we don't have our fireplace on very much
just with the kids and the dog it's like
I have to keep an eye on everyone extra
I we didn't go get in the hot tub one of
these nights how about tomorrow night
like I said and we can initiate
challenge oh yeah okay sure good now oh
my back okay Carrie I thought that was
only two and I would have been mad at
myself so stinking then Ellie now would
have been so remember we did the
couple's yoga uh yoga yes a couple yoga
challenge and the next day we found out
your paradise pregnant I remember that
day felt sick which guess I felt sick
that day two years ago on Christmas Eve
we found out that Calvin was a boy oh
you remember that those two years ago so
that's time for another baby
haha well that's why she just got done
talking to junior am I talking too long
we'll talk more about that later right
yeah kind of express our feelings yeah
our emotions yeah we're not gonna have a
baby right now but it's just been on my
mind what January's a new mom thank you
guys so much for watching today and this
weekend had such a fun time so excited
for tomorrow like we always say that
they were excited were tomorrow but we
really are like excited for the kids
like come get me out of bed and excited
I just I'm happy hope you guys are doing
well and happy as well we'll see you
guys tomorrow bye bye choo choo
