here did Santa come yeah did ya should
we go see ya good morning sweetie
good let me escort stairs I'll follow
you
and then we'll go get Calvin I don't
know if he's here but maybe he's stopped
by maybe he left something for you
Merry Christmas day Linda Jackson come
here come look what do you see
for you and Calvin here what else to be
bring you uh pleasin are those all yours
right there yeah should we go get Calvin
yeah you're being so candid it's okay
don't turn the light on
we have church soon good week Calvin uh
yeah
he's gonna wake up he's stretching me
Christmas my baby
you're sweet Jackson Merry Christmas can
do Calvin just wake up Garrett
oh is that a helicopter yeah that is so
cool
are you grabbing that for Calvin that's
such a nice brother
you go Kaplan and grab one of your over
there Jackson yeah start with that one
that's perfect
I wonder what Santa brought yeah go for
it
turn it over
Wow look you can change his face and his
hand at the cool spider-man doll uh
action figure should we open that guy up
Wow peppa pig and spider-man oh let's do
it Jackson
your pajamas match the wrapping paper
I go some games
Oh - like that Wow and you can do the
hammer this one I'm trying to get can I
open up another present but these boys
are too busy playing with what they
already have
yeah oh I know boy an item I love it I
love it but they're just playing with
their toys nice and and they're sharing
really good
Calvin don't open him up one more
present this gift is from Jared a night
Aunt Linda and any of you that don't
know it Linda she always comes around
with a camera a disposable camera and I
thought that this would be fun because
the pictures will be instant so now you
can take pictures of me all day long so
sweet and now she we got tons of film -
okay it's a huge chip racetrack Wow
Lightning McQueen are we gonna race uty
time in between and you put him right
here
don't push the button yet Calvin it's uh
countess hey stop hugging and race
would you stop loving each other just
have fun Calvin you put him right here
okay race yours that is the coolest
track
and this is the remains of a wonderful
Christmas morning toys and boxes and
puppies and everything galore you ready
to go to church sister you wear my nice
high heels
well because we have a foot of snow
outside it's a Christmas miracle we have
a white Christmas Ellie love our rocks
outside you know how you could like to
see the levels it's like sure yeah free
to play a snowy no you better believe it
we had to leave before uh before I could
finish making this but I finally just
finished the after church and I'm so
excited probably to see it Calvin oh oh
he's trying to get some food hey you
sneaky Calvin look doing a write-up on
there you go turn turn turn oh that's
such a sweet little car you honk the
horn you look like a little farmer honk
the horn
well it just seems as the day goes on we
get more and more people here Bowen
Emily came and saying hi mom and grandma
are back which is so great and fun yeah
I'm getting to your dad don't worry I
have this is called the set up this is
the set up I'm setting up right now geez
I mean Ellie it's like he hasn't been in
our family for this long he doesn't know
about blogging and ow my blog it's
ridiculous anyway what I was going to
say no that's that's one thing about my
dad that you need to know is that he
doesn't like to be left out he has a
very big case of FOMO fear of missing
out so he loves to be included to
include my dad he will be your best
friend anyway what I was trying to get
at is Ellie and I didn't really ask for
really anything this year and my dad was
like you gotta get something we got it
you got a kid we got a just something I
said dad I know what you can get you can
be my roadie for the day and so dad
discovered these brand-new guitar
strings that are just really really
great and so he is outfitting my guitar
with these guitar strings and kind of
just tuning up the guitar and making it
look and sound great so thank you Dad
you're welcome this is honestly a really
really neat gift and you know it's fun
because I don't like to do this and I
think you enjoy it a little bit
yeah okay Jackson's asking for a big
piece of donut this is what our neighbor
made all growing up we would always give
our family on Christmas Eve and it's so
yummy and I've always wanted to try and
make something like it but oh it looks
beautiful so Jackson before you get some
Oh what was your favorite gift today
okay great the special choo-choo train
that is your favorite gift yeah you love
that huh we better go boy I'll get you a
big donut I want to walk Fitness ya know
we were getting down to the last final
puzzle pieces Jackson got a color
matching game so he has put all of these
colors together oh and you just got the
elephant done okay what colors that one
what color is it Hey perfect perfect
we all have been living together
Jared and I got Aunt Linda we're getting
good pictures but at Linda who gave you
the camera you what's my name
Julie for my whole life
I love me Julie and Julie Wow and cuz
Julie and I looked like huh yeah it's
been Julia Ruby today and then she's
been concerned at Bonnie's coming over
and then concerned affo bought her a
gift she said first my gift do you have
a name yeah what's his name Moore mark
making progress that's my old boyfriend
just kidding this isn't a fun gift to
Julie Julie thanks man Julie that was
such a good idea thank you
you
you
well we made it in from outside and
everyone's just kind of having a really
great time the kids are playing with
toys and they've rearranged this
tracking like the most ridiculous but
it's the best ever you're playing cars
with lightning queen some kids are
playing with the fire station saving
lives
flying airplanes and the adults are over
here just having a conversation join
some good food and deliciousness and
it's just this is just the best
Christmas ever thank you guys for
spending it with us we're so glad you
guys are here you guys
Jackson 2000 versus a bike for Playboy
somebody Jax hey leave me better Boston
Merry Christmas but yeah well thanks
good job I don't think that's not
oh shit my Joel Merry Christmas
look at all this far see you tomorrow
thanks for coming oh this is the
Christmas party right here how fun is
that
and then all this dirt is I love it
Merry Christmas Bonnie Merry Christmas
hey bedroom is fun Travis hey bub I make
the rounds and we'll see in four or five
years when when you come back to our
house for Christmas say buh-bye say
Merry Christmas Merry Christmas
hmm love you look boy thanks for coming
guys
oh nice sweet hey Merry Christmas Merry
Christmas Christmas yeah I love you
mm-hmm Calvin did you have a good
Christmas buddy yeah what was your
favorite part look how tired he is he is
so tired
did you like getting peppa pig from
Santa look at that you stopped yeah keep
it back hey you say Peppa that's right
good night buddy I love you you're my
Christmas list imagine saying your name
say what oh sorry sorry you you go ahead
and drink okay bye
hi bud hi did you have a good day today
yeah what day is today Christmas Angie
yes flagger ha ha ha ha you are so sweet
hi mommy I love you what was your
favorite part about today freaky what
was your favorite part about Christmas
yeah yeah did when santa came yeah was
that fun he's got a nerve poor and
brilliant that he's in our pool and then
brought presents
an article Oh from men Oh shucks what
was your favorite toy
uh mmm my facial tool toy your special
choo-choo train yeah I drank it did you
yeah
that says oh we don't keep guard toys
that's not how we take care of our toys
you be nice to that okay you you
promised me to be nice to him from now
on thank you toy
Thank You Jackson I just loved how you
won't comment up today in your suite you
rubbed his head during church when he
was asleep you are a good boy
I am and sometimes it's hard to shower
toys but you did pretty good hey Lincoln
Lincoln yeah I didn't come free and my
grandma uncle Bo hey yes you shared with
Henry we had such a fun day tomorrow
this is what I'm planning on doing as
well as just laying around playing with
our toys being playing in the snow
yes that's gonna be fun I hope it snows
even more tonight we can get the plow up
so much younger
penny is so poop she played with the
neighbor dog not the day like running
through the snow had so much buzz in
heaven right now she is in heaven she
was just playing around in the snow like
crazy and it was just the most adorable
thing ever
loved it Kate Jackson can you say
goodnight to our friends good night Finn
can you say Merry Christmas
thank you say Merry Christmas to all and
to all a good night
Leah kiss me well mmm whoa oh whoa whoa
oh whoa oh whoa good night you guys
I love you I can't even like wipe the
smile off of my face right now this has
just been the best past few days like
the the season has just been so
wonderful and I am just filled with
gratitude right now peace happiness joy
like our family is just yes I am just so
happy right now kids everything is just
great
thank you guys so much for watching I
had a wonderful Christmas with my family
with your family I loved seeing the kids
I loved the spirit law home today I
can't wait tomorrow to just do to be
together I just I loved everything about
it I loved wearing to church mm-hmm
yonni
it was a wonderful magical Christmas and
we're so glad that you guys were able to
come along on the ride with us so stay
tuned for tomorrow cuz it's gonna be
just as more sadi thanks for watching
guys and we'll see you tomorrow bye
Merry Christmas
