I won't use your quarters Calvin's
playing with his toy from last night
from Grandma
Jackson has his roll of nickels so he's
going to go get his piggy bank and we're
gonna put them in there and it's
Christmas good morning
this is the third orange that you have
peeled today have it you don't even eat
them you don't even eat then
good morning I can't believe it's
Christmas Eve I am making my mom's rolls
and cinnamon rolls
we did a recipe on that on my channel if
you guys want to check it out but that's
what I'm doing this morning as I am
getting ready to make Oh Jackson did you
find your toy your ball
you just growling for no reason
you
well and there you have it the
four-wheeler and a plow did its job and
I feel so good that was actually really
fun I was really excited to experiment
with it and see exactly how it would
work and what it would do and Jackson
did you have fun doing the plow with
Daddy okay let's go pick up grandpa on
the Batmobile we'll go do a couple
things okay Calvin Calvin close your
eyes
Calendar rounds do my brother bow Calvin
is gonna be the one that takes his
diaper off and smooth through fall over
the wall when do we open gifts right now
no when do we open them you after dinner
tonight we will I was up here making
dinner right here this rumbling of paper
I was like no I put the gifts on the TV
from the gift the kids has gift exchange
at Jackson had ripped open his gift just
as he was ripping up and I snatched it
and ran pretty sure he saw if he knows
that I'm really mad no I stabbed him up
on this chair norske sit up here while I
cook anyway we're going to rewrap it
he's gonna reopen it tonight Tess was
that naughty you knew that you weren't
supposed to do that huh okay
we'll do it tonight huh one of our sweet
neighbors just delivered this delicious
pineapple to us for a Christmas gift and
and if any of you guys watch Psych
you'll know why this is hilarious and
why I enjoyed so much I thought it was
funny that they brought it but I was
like oh my gosh do you love psych just
as much as I do and he's like oh I've
only seen like a couple episodes of it
so I think it's hilarious this is
honestly like my brother got me a
pineapple for our wedding and it was
like one of the best wedding gift I have
ever received cuz I just love the show
psych hello Merry Christmas how are you
I'm still getting dressed Oh got a
little more than you bargained for on
this Christmas
so dad Jackson and I ran out and did a
few last-minute things before our
holiday party Christmas family gets
then can you believe that like Ellie
this is the first time the first
powerhouse this is our first will
remember this forever while we Calvin
penny is just as excited as we are and
when puppies are excited they chew on
things so I think we should give penny
one of her presents right now but but
about what was that face again all right
penny sit good girl
here you go good sit that's your
Christmas present that's your very first
Christmas present not only of the day of
her life
quesa why I have done is I made a roll
oh my rolls on rolls on rolls on rolls
on rolls oh my gosh
that's literally what your videos are
reflecting that's so awesome I put
little blueberries in here from what
Paul and Katie gave us YUM so I just
gotta wash these that's it we're done
you're awesome Ellie Merry Christmas
mwah as we're getting ready to make
gingerbread houses guess who showed up
well who are we celebrating Jesus
birthday this is birthday aunt Linda's
here I'm so excited to celebrate all
right guys the first activity of the day
has officially begun and we are making
little candy houses Susan of these
gingerbread man Packers were deal
Hershey's chocolate
no never again my did you have i hear
the the women of the world echoing that
at least one time in their life these
melting is ending
and Linda would you like to see the
Christmas tree lit up okay ready
close your eyes huh okay ready ah one
two three open up what do you think do
you like it
Merry Christmas aunt Linda Merry
Christmas
Calvin well we have nearly everyone here
as you know I all these parents are here
my parents have joined us and grandma
grace is here with us that's very
special
my grandma celebrate Christmas in my
home I feel very fun yeah oh man I get
to celebrate thank you for coming all
the way up here I want to pray that you
do that that's because you're special oh
you're sweet grandma oh my gosh
yes friends I think we know who
grandpa's favorite
Jackson we're gonna open up our very
first present of the night are you
excited oh all I hear I just hear I
don't see anything
we just had an amazing dinner and now
it's time to learn about very first
presents of the night
yeah these are fun presents this is
something that my family has done every
year what do you see please keep opening
it up excuse me I'm gonna let you
correct that right there you go look at
that that's awesome my family we would
opened up Christmas jammies the first
present on Christmas Eve what we would
do is we would have a race to see who
could put on their pajamas the fastest
you and Calvin are gonna raise I'd see
who can get your pajamas on the fastest
I'm gonna help Calvin and mommy's gonna
help you okay and then when we're all
done with our jammies we'll open up your
gift from checkout on your marks get set
Jackson you gotta sneeze it means that
you get open picket oh you put his pinch
it put pants on backwards I hear it you
are really staring she has to finish my
job
look at that just really sweet done mr.
Calvin and Jax are now opening the gifts
but from themselves their sibling gets
exchanged
now what do you think but Jackson what
do you think do you like it
okay Jackson now look do you see that
red switch go ahead and flip that switch
and tell me what happens what's it doing
yeah
should we go put on the track
what do you say Oh
okay the kids really want to help and I
think that they should so Jackson you
open all these present and you guys open
Calvin's present from Finn okay because
excuse me but what's that hashtag yes
that looks fun Thank You hashtag thank
you hashtag awesome
hashtag hashtag game tester oh I think
it's just like your alligator game but
bigger yeah thank you
what do you say to ollie grandma's just
never ever disappointing grandma Gary
got all the kids something good whoa my
mom's no everything is that cool thank
you great thank you grandma
oh you're gonna miss it Oh
that happy face well thanks for spending
Christmas Eve dinner with us propose we
thank you guys so much for coming
high-five thank you
bye Boston it's like I'm at here I'm not
we never go thank you so much for coming
it's a good thing I have a six-pack
careful hein he knows how to open a box
this year oh did you make those oh gosh
grandma made these Jackson thank you
grandma and grandpa don't oh my gosh she
made all of these oh that's so cute this
goes right here and then watch Jackson
problem might have to help grandpa here
that is so sweet
yeah that is so cool Jackson look
look at that grandma be tough work till
hot we'll have that forever thank you
although I'm in room tell me what she
loves it she loves it oh that's a scary
line well mom I think you're gonna make
her cry Calvin did you have a good
Christmas Eve yeah Jackson did you have
a good Christmas Eve yeah yeah we're all
done opening presents with the kids for
tonight and before they go to bed we're
gonna read a special story yes what is
it Chris misil oh Jesus
and is this really special that we can
open gifts even though we're thinking
about Jesus what yeah okay so we're
gonna read the our Christmas book it's
called what is Christmas is Christmas
about candy canes I think they taste
quite nice is Christmas about Santa's
list
they think he checks it twice ask you
deal what's Christmas about is Christmas
what is Christmas about
ah Jesus Dragon Heavenly Father
you're right that's not what Christmas
is all about what we just read all of
these things are really nice and super
duper fun but Christmas is much more
than that it's all about God son I'll be
saying a prayer look at his safe there
well thank you thank you bye the kids
are in bed and it was just so fun
putting Jackson down to sleep
Ellie put Calvin down and I put Jackson
down Jackson just said I want Santa to
come right now and I said you've got to
go to sleep in order for Santa to come
he is so excited Ellie that's the thing
is like this is the free sure that
Jackson really knows like what's
happening and to like kind of has
expectations for and so it's so cute to
see his little mind work and process all
of this and everything but now that the
kids are bed in bed the real magic is
happening
and from grandparents and moms just
cause another gift mmm don't tell the
other siblings right that's the benefit
of having them stay at your house right
her face just woke up and now it's time
for her to open her presents everyone
can't get new jammies with ow this is
from my parents to Ellie
dad was something rehearse one it was
the week before Christmas and all
through the room packages were strewn
with a new sense of gloom panic had
gripped us as we could clearly see that
our perfect present plan was not meant
to be the thing which we ordered and
ordered with care was not what we
thought we were embarrassed to share we
couldn't give something like this to our
Ellie yes it looked nice but the size
was too teeny so back we went for try
number two we were so sure we knew just
what to do it was so perfect we thought
in our brains but when it arrived it was
just way too plain and now we set out
for try number three mom had a thought
it was easy to see that a gift for a
special daughter could be found in Hyrum
at a Potter out into the night we did
bravely go miles we went into the fresh
fallen snow what to our wandering eyes
did behold pottery so gorgeous it was as
precious as gold gravy boats common
gravy boats go just by looking you'll
never know that we tried so hard for
just the right one we wouldn't be happy
until we were done so may we present
gravy boats three with so many boats
we're sure you can be a high ranking
Admiral in your gravy Navy I love that
that is so cute thank you I love all of
them and that's very clever guys that's
awesome thank you
beautiful that's so cute actually
there you go like so cute girl then what
do you think shook upstairs and run
disco upstairs and run
as I get older and look back on
Christmases from the past and everything
I realize that the older I get the more
important family is when it comes to
things like this like Christmas and and
everything and also like the more
important things like the birth of our
Savior Jesus Christ and all of that and
especially now we were sitting around
the table and we have art like some of
our most favorite people your parents my
parents my grandma our kids like this
was such a wonderful thing and family is
just so important to me and I'm so
grateful we have our families with us
and they get along so well and then I
think about those who don't I say this
every year but I mean it from the bottom
of our hearts some of you guys may be
having a hard time right now because
you're not with your family or you don't
have a lot of family with you but I want
to let you guys know that we're thinking
of you yes you do we do think of you all
day and you are welcome to be a part of
our family during this holiday season I
hope that you feel the same feelings
that we do when we're together and I
hope you have a smile on your face and I
hope that you have a very Merry
Christmas from our hearts to yours Merry
Christmas guys we so appreciate you
watching and we hope you have a
wonderful day I'm sorry maybe on that's
only because it's waiting thank you guys
so much for watching amen and ditto to
everything that you just said Merry
Christmas guys and we'll see you
tomorrow
