good morning guys and a Merry Christmas
Merry Christmas Eve for you guys we are
getting ready to go down to our family
our annual Christmas family Christmas
party beers so excited I am wearing my
Bonnie inspired a hairdo what do you
think Jackson are we ready to go party
yeah what are you excited for about
grandma's party member gissy cousins
we've got penny we've got Calvin we're
ready to roll my plug whose party is it
lovely grandma she invited us yeah it's
our whole family's party you see my
cousin that was yes yeah I want to get a
picture at Lincoln and Calvin I guess
we'll get it later but you're gonna find
like okay sit right next to me you just
sit right here next to you he will find
his way he'll find his way to me Mama's
here Mama's here I love you mom right
here as the boys are outside playing
with the drone what are we doing we are
raiding the Christmas tree these are
from Grandma and Grandpa to all the
grandkids look at how many grandkids
there are there's tons of them and I'm
sitting here reading whoo these are
tuned I'm just laughing like distance -
at Jared we come hashtags this is to the
good son that's what my dad always calls
Bo this is to build or Joel because we
all know Joel is like the best person
ever that can build and make anything in
the world
dr. Frankie yes that was just kind of
sweet
so we're having a little impromptu
Christmas program and Jackson and Ellie
are about to perform their song yeah I
mean Jackson I mean Captain Underpants
is about to perform his song so Jackson
remember you guys seemed really low for
real okay the best way to spread
Christmas cheer is singing loud for all
to hear
that's true
yay
take a bow like this hey good job now go
get some pants on
usually while the kids are all in
Jackson that was so good
you did awesome
mi5 I was worried that he wouldn't want
to be performing but he wants an F on
stage all the time hey just me underwear
helps it does I thought it was a magical
other people matter where it's you
actually wear your underwear that you
are not afraid sing Calvin he said that
he goes I know sing twinkle twinkle out
of this
so every year we have a family Christmas
party and each year a different family
member like take responsibility in terms
of like food and organization and this
year it's bonnie and joel joel has
prepared this amazing meal Oh on the
trigger and it just smells so good like
you can smell it all the way from the
outside of that we had a you know I'm
going outside and just smell so stinking
good so thank you Bonnie
and thank you Joel this is so fun oh
look we got so we got potatoes we got me
laughing a salad and all so all the kids
are here I think we are getting ready
for something special
what up in your ashes now good good boy
did you feed penny you've been busy
Calvin what did you give grandpa five
yes let's do it that this is huge yes
open them all you know and it was at
that moment that Christmas was rude now
you know I used to it from my grandma
grandpa for Christmas
I would get seven sticks of gum and a
silver dollar when I was a little kid
would that be cool every year I knew
that's what it was my grandpa had his
hat and he would put all these sticks
together
the beach not those cloves and whatever
what blackjack and we would pick out
seven different sticks out of his hat
and then he would give us a syllable we
always loved it you can get people to
develop a love the Savior our Father in
Heaven that's what's going to change
people's behavior and their I cable I'm
going to pick on LMGs just one the lack
of kindness you see how that changes
people because of your thumb for us and
your generosity people see that and
becomes infectious and we love him
that's why we want to try to be the best
we can be we haven't been the best we
can be that's what's so beautiful one of
the ways that we can show him how much
we love him is to be kind to mother and
then your cousin so with that if I get a
promise you can turn really hard really
hard this year all of you that are
moving into your sister in your cousins
you know mom and dad major Cody Russell
your good job good job if you've got a
present with the name on a green over
here and sit down make sure your ear
have a present there make sure you can
drink 10 bucks
look at all those coins look at all them
nickels Jackson just get a special coin
that's amazing oh did you get a dog and
a force in a book and money that was so
nice Jackson what do you say to ground
on grandpa
Jackson this is a special point hey you
just grab it like that and then
magically it'll disappear but if you
look he likes his animal the pokey
little puppies first chrismole SWE's are
so sweet I think this is my favorite
part about your kids forever like in
hashtag gold play button hashtag sir
Mika at Jeremy come in case you guys
don't follow me on twitter and instead
it's Jeremy good this is mom's
handwriting but dad came up awesome Jer
those are very nice those are pants and
shirt that dad got all of the boys and
my dad has had panels and shirt is cause
it for 30 years they are awesome did you
get the tail oh gee Julie's counted oh
we never mom every year look at that
she's put both grandparents on here that
one yes Julie that's so cute the data
clause is darling last year we're all
playing in the snow we had tons it's not
playing in last year but this year it's
really cold but there is no snow I think
a storm is coming in tonight though and
the next few days it's supposed to snow
hopefully we'll be oh my god what wow
that is awesome elegant
oh my god is like everything they do
whether it's the kids books the kids is
animals like Boston got the green one
it's so personalized that like this is
sorry well okay let's see it on Ellie
really that looks so great
I could have to show you guys my charm
bracelet that I got when I was like
seven or eight the nice ones doing
silver friend Macy's for Christmas when
you're growing up all I wanted all I
wanted was a charm bracelet and I'll
walk it and when everyone was up any up
gifts Julie had opened up a locket and I
remember in my head I just like that's
what I wanted but it's anything and then
I was next and I opened up my gift and
it was a locket and I was so excited we
both got locket and I remember dad was
saying well I'm proud of you for not
throwing a fit and just you know being
happy for someone else but I remember
that you're so happy that I got a locket
but I also got a charm bracelet not
another thing I just wanted to lock it
in a charm bracelet and that's what I
got and this is just so sweet and it
reminds me of the one that I have at
home thank you mom and dad that's so
sweet
I had ribbing Kevin and I got you
something that I really want but I also
know that you would love it too and so
what we have to do is do this together
if you guys have been watching we have
been getting into art and painting I
wanted this good so you're very welcome
Oh what he's helping all right all right
all right you open it for me you already
open top I'm excited for your gift
because I want to tell you something
about it once you open up one of those
were you got a cool boss well open the
box and see no it's it's a VR thing and
I figured out a way to control your
drone through the VR so you can fly your
drone through the headset this is from
Julie Thank You Julian Landon and that
is exact what have I been telling you oh
my gosh oh thank you oh my gosh thank
you this is something that we've wanted
to do too there you go
oh nice good naps in your backyard yes
perfect enough God you know what's funny
is I literally asked my parents for a
mess basement I was like I can't think
of a mousepad
that I literally said that that's so
awesome I love it thank you that's so so
awesome that's like my shirt thought oh
she is so sweet
careful careful Cody's doing VR roller
coasters right now
Jackson's turn to try this virtual
reality what did you do in the game what
was it were you riding a roller coaster
yeah you down Kelvin what in the world
are you doing in there to find something
good years was just like penny can you
get out what are you doing what are you
seeing there is there Narnia huh
peekaboo but I didn't want to take he's
literally fit fitting in this Easter Box
this is all I wants whenever he's at the
house he gets uncovered and closes it he
just wants to be in a tight space
you
you
and everybody is packing up Jax is a
little unhappy ready to go earlier I
showed you it was not snowing we're
gonna have a white Christmas it's just
now the next three days the snow is
coming down we got to be careful going
through the canyon ready
I think even more entertaining than the
party itself is Ellie's family texting
about the party what is so funny what in
the world me and my family are the best
group text in the world oh my gosh you
guys are crazy all I know is that there
was a puppy doll and its eyes popped out
and that's the Hawaii most hilarious
thing in the world everything it's like
3 miles long my family's worse than each
of the creepiest photos and our phone
that's what we're laughing about oh I
was really worried that we weren't gonna
have a white Christmas but you guys saw
already that there was like you're crazy
snowstorm driving home we made it home
safe obviously but it's snowing and it's
supposed to snow for like the next three
days which is the best thing ever
because it's gonna be a lot of snow for
us to like play in and formula Ellie's
still going crazy on the Texas's I just
don't get it I don't get it
I don't get it Ellie I just don't get
her panel get her penny get her penny I
receipted I hope you guys didn't have a
girl's best family group chat ever I
think it's hilarious I just read through
it and I was just like oh we're really
open with each other
oh oh thank you guys so much for
watching our family's Christmas party
this year it was so fun thanks Bonnie
for putting it on yes we had such a
blast and it's like honestly one of my
favorite times of the year
stay tuned for tomorrow because it is
Christmas Eve we're gonna have family
and friends here it's gonna be so great
and so wonderful thank you guys so much
for watching and I hope you have a good
Christmas Eve we'll see you guys
tomorrow bye
