are you excited Jackson to open it on
Christmas no don't put your hands on it
it could be very breakable the kids have
been up since 6:00
this is what they've been doing the
whole time happy morning actually Chris
sounds good though wow you are a good
drummer let's go
if we want to play hard we have to work
hard and all morning oh my head is
throbbing
do I have to get it done we have to
clean the house so I feel good for the
weekend so we are taking a little break
and we're eating a snack some apple and
caramel and all the bathrooms are
scrubbed they're all clean the floors
are done I just need to do like the main
area now which is not too out like I
actually really enjoy this is prime my
favorite parts to do the hardwood floor
cuz it's just you sweep you mop that's
awesome
do they make a robotic hardwood floor
cleaner we have that robotic vacuum but
is there one that would be amazing I'm
gonna look into that would that be cool
or what do you like do we like sweeping
it ourselves
dude that's far underwater well if you
didn't know decks too far underwater
which means yes that's an amazing idea
absolutely look look into it tiny once
yeah you guys are due out work with
penny dog poop duty we call poop Patrol
in our house Ellie poop Patrol it's not
doggy Duty huh those grandpa's gloves
yeah made you look like grandpa huh what
do you need a
ginyan other cracker your teething crazy
that's all he wants to eat is just
crackers just Ritz crackers that's all
you want to eat hey hey oh my gosh oh my
gosh yeah that is so gross
okay guys so Christmas being really
close it's time to get a few presents
under the tree we are going to wrap each
other's siblings gift so Jax is gonna
help me wrap kelvins gift here's a piece
of tape and I'll hold this tight and you
do it right here right at the bottom I
roll this over there you go right there
yeah perfect Oh kind of let's grab you
one more okay grab the tape from me and
put it right here where my finger is
well that is great thank you so much we
are getting Calvin's present underway
it's kind of an awkward shaped gift so
that's the best it'll get after each
fold the sides and Calvin and I are good
wrap your gift when we're done and we'll
put it under your tree tape wrap the
tape and right here right here so that
you see this how it let's put it over it
so it will close
okay I'll show you guys then so we're
gonna take it we're gonna close it up
and Calvin a little roof in it on
Christmas Eve
ciao he's just mad you want to help me
do you want to help wrap the presents
you want some tape no he said no did you
see that trick this Taylor okay go put
it under your tree mister no pants Magee
good job oh I heard something good job
boys you put it under the tree yay the
bottom third of the tree is lit these
kids are doing way better than I thought
I'm I thought was like I just want to
open it right now they have those
feelings but they're actually doing a
lot better than I thought
are you excited Jackson to open it on
Christmas no don't put your hands on it
it could be very breakable we are gonna
open this tomorrow is grandma's
Christmas party you can hold it in
Calvin got Jackson a little train
ornament and Jackson happened to see it
and I was like I am NOT gonna fight that
battle so he is just playing with the
ornament and that'll make you happy for
a minute thank you good job guys
it's not too often that Joel and I just
to get to hang out and just do something
just the boys in everyday stuff
I guess Calvin's gonna tag along boys
Joel and I are gonna go see a movie what
movie are we going to see you again
manliest movie I can think of it's
probably like you don't want to take
girls in this movie this is like a man
movie you like it you they won't like it
they won't enjoy it um Shing that's what
it's called it's called sings it's like
the DreamWorks I think Manor Ellie what
are you doing here what are you guys
doing here that's what Joel and I we're
just coming to see this movie you know
what Joel oh they're pooping on our yeah
I guess you guys can come along I guess
you can be like a dumb Indian no real
that's like my favorite song from that
movie okay we got the whole crew I think
we've seen more visual this week all day
all year seven years we've been married
with Ken her with Kip mix again with the
kids yeah awesome we are gonna see Sadie
he got Jackson and I snuck off to Louis
to get a few things you know it's cold
and it's snowy and so I want to get more
ice melt for like the driveway on the
sidewalk and everything Jackson are you
in the kitchen what are you gonna make
for dinner tonight
okay was there special color oh it's red
now it's white what did that just mean
what what what what now when you do this
foreground with all your cousins you
have to see really loud so we can hear
you really not as long as you can this
is just for practice so you can sing it
really loud
good job is there more
there's moshing let's do it did you guys
hear that okay yeah I think is good I
could hear it it's that Lisa Jackson and
we have it practicing that for a while
now it's just cute like once or you know
twice a week here and there at night or
in the morning they come down and I hear
Ellie playing the piano with Jackson and
do you have fun to learn those Christmas
songs yeah yeah what's your favorite
song to sing on Christmas the the
demonic dashing through the snow you're
cute with our little boys you know that
he's such a Ellie what is he doing the
tourists careful yes goodie
hey that's exactly what I was like well
that is a sweet song you know there's
gonna be a time where he's he may be too
embarrassed to do these kinds of things
so I want to make sure he starts doing
these things now because you know when
you're when you're older you don't want
to you know sometimes you don't want to
does we're gonna make it right well
that's what made me well that's what I'm
saying is it's good to do it now I'll
get over the head that was close oh and
that's what I like about this like I've
already been telling him I'm like no
you're gonna sing in front of everybody
and you smile and you've seen it loud
that kind of thing I think those help
with you even in the future yeah
interviewing people like open them in
the eyes smile speak loud be confident
be little things like this have big
impact on other things in the future
right Jackson Wow
yeah way to practice again
really how I can hear you
you
so Ellie and I have been sitting here
together and just talking about
Christmas and Christmases as a kids and
talking about Christmas with our kids
now and I'm so excited for this year
because I feel like this is even though
Jackson this will be his I think a
second
he'll be three in January yeah so a
second Christmas I feel like it's our
first though like Jackson calendar both
old enough that they're excited and
Jackson has been talking about Christmas
like non-stop
I guess Ellie just said that Jackson was
like I want to make sure that like Santa
comes to the new house as what has been
saying they're gonna be talk about
Christmas he goes my new house I knew
had well yet here he understands it and
like that is the sweetest thing ever and
I think when he saw Santa Claus at Sam's
Club that was just sweet
I was probably aren't that one so we're
just sitting here and tomorrow is
Ellie's family Christmas party and no
sorry I have my armors tires I had to
catch you know you like my family more
than me but you don't need to got any
out of the wood that is like the party
and I think I've said this before but
that is the party like I look forward to
the most route there because it's just
the family and we just have a good time
all the time like it's so fun and I look
forward to it every single you should
pretty the same like we do a little we
just hang out we'll eat and it's fun
those a little program yeah and then we
do the gift exchange and I'm so grateful
that we have fun with our family and
then the next day like my parents are
coming Ellie's parents are coming by
grandma's coming in Linda's coming to
our house they saw my marasmus yeah this
is gonna be a wonderful wonderful
weekend and we are so excited that you
guys have chosen to spend it with us so
thank you so much for watching if you're
new hit the subscribe button if you
enjoyed this video has a thumbs up
button and we will see you guys tomorrow
at our family Christmas party
hi bye
