I see Christmas I think it's so sweet
that he says Christmas like when he sees
Santa he says that's Christmas Calvin
have you been saying ho ho ho good
morning guys I remember right before
Jackson turned to his personality was
changing and it just it was crazy as I
just right before he turned to he
changed so much and he is just about to
turn 3 and just the last few days I've
noticed a huge difference with him
Jackson is just learning to play on his
own a little bit more and not like
wanting to be right by us all the time
he is playing and setting up toys and
being creative and I think this is so
cute he took our believe sign and set up
all his monster trucks and he's them
playing with this I thought that was so
cute but Jackson fell asleep at Bonnie's
house last night because she was
watching him can you stand up and I'll
show him your jammies did you cut Kody's
jammies you did yeah well I hope that
Bonnie's not upset
were you good for aunt Bonnie did you go
to sleep good for her were you good for
AMP Bonnie what good I hope he was I
think it's so funny I love seeing
Bonnie's kids in their jammies as shoes
cut the feet off of them
you
hey are you a blogger are you log in
you're vlogging the tree he gets tend to
put it away
all right Red Ranger are you ready to
rock and roll you look like you're
pretty good you ready to rock and roll
BK broiler yeah where are we gonna go
that's right so we are dropping the
four-wheeler off to have something done
to it real quick and I have Jackson with
me and Penny's actually in the back and
there's a dog part right next to the
four-wheeler store so we are gonna take
penny to the dog park so she can have
some fun and run around and play and
hopefully sniff some other bumps I mean
meet some other puppies you want to play
too okay let's do it let's go
thank you I gear hmm I don't know there
might be a slide there we can make one
if there's not would that be fun
yeah we'll see if we can make one yeah
yeah his mom
now we've come here a bunch with family
to like go on walks around here and
we've even gone fishing over here but
we've never had a dog to take to the dog
park
ah so penny and I and Jackson are gonna
go play at the dog park but
unfortunately it doesn't look like there
are any other dog so we're just gonna
play and have fun all by ourselves
that's okay we smell fun by ourselves
Jackson sure is right in here bud all
right penny be free enjoy yourself
run like the wind have an enjoyable time
sniff and run around and stretch your
leg or just stay there and smell things
good job Jackson see penny Jackson's
doing it come on I'm sure she's just
smile all of the thousands of other dogs
that have been around here so we're just
gonna hang out got my doggie bag and I
will have some fun
you
Oh
you
Oh
I know mom just walked in with a lush
bag this is her tip to her hairdressers
and she doesn't have yet we never would
expect her to mom you should and you
guys I was complaining today that I let
oh I'm using not my camera you got it
girl
so yesterday when I came over to drop
Jackson off at your house bunny I saw
Boston and Boston said I touched the elf
with my knuckle and I said no you didn't
said you know what that means I have to
take your knuckle away so I grabbed his
hand and I took his knuckle and I took
it off and boss him the first thing he
said to me he was like I want my knuckle
back what might not go back so here
here's your knuckle back here let me see
your hand ready there you go you got
your knuckle back you I your knuckle
back to you but not to be confused with
Nickelback this is your knuckle back we
are just in Sam's Club and who did we
see dude are you shot oh oh my god
Christmas look thank you it's a good
thing that you guys have been good boys
they look like they've been good boys
you Jackson do you want to tell them
what you want for christmas tell them
loud so he can hear you what do you want
for christmas
say it loud yeah hey I love choo-choo
trains hey two trains have been a big
part of Christmas for as long as I
remember it's not that you want huh
and a turtle and a tunnel in a tunnel
okay it's got to go through a tunnel no
fun being a train if you can't go
through a tunnel well say thank you so
much you're welcome thank you do you
want to give him a honk okay okay
give me a hug oh there's a this is
Santa's brother this made our day mom
almost was crying that so special you
have a very Merry Christmas okay yeah I
was shocked
I literally there's tears in my eyes I
thought that was so special I am so fun
I see Christmas I think it's so sweet
that he says Christmas like when he sees
Santa he says that's Christmas Calvin
have you been seen ho ho ho uh-huh okay
well let's get on with our goodies we
got lots of stuff to buy up done your
buddies okay think I have my best
Topher's you always had to grab a snack
Belle got some cookies in there got our
ham everything ready to go
you got your banana that they give you
at the store for free
he's on ride in his car so Kevin's been
good Chuck has been good thank you
all right was that just a Christmas
miracle or what usually the kids are
really good when we go grocery shopping
anyway but having them both and going to
two different stores they were awesome
tell daddy all about our experience at
Sam's Club what happened today you saw
Santa are you serious yeah did he say
anything to you yeah give you a candy
cane oh my goodness
okay grandpa's outside with me we just
picked up some stuff in the backyard
we're excited in set it up I have no
idea why it was as emotional as it was I
think it's just cause like I was in the
middle grocery shopping trying to
wrangle the two kid I'm telling Jackson
you stay in the car no we're not gonna
buy the donuts right now and I just look
up and it just like it just made my day
like it was just so cheery it was
amazing to me Santa is amazing and the
kids are cute well and and you know
there's only a few things like that can
that can make you just stop and be like
you know almost an oh yeah like oh my
gosh there's Santa I am just getting
ready to cook some dinner I have a
chicken casserole it's really easy it's
like corn tortilla laid out a little bit
of green enchilada sauce sprinkled with
corn chicken black beans and then
layered with cheese in between all the
layers so really easy and really good
and simple a cheap if you think that's
good just wait until we show you what's
gonna happen next we've got some very
cool stuff that we're gonna announce
very soon I am a huge believer in the
snowball you told me to say it okay then
you say please take it I am a huge
believer in soup you guys have heard us
for years stuff like Dave Ramsey debt
and row balling and stuff off back dead
leaving the snowball effect and positive
attitudes I myself in 2016 have changed
I'd love to talk about it more later but
about anxiety and the snowball effect of
making one small change can snowball
effect into a huge thing we never
realize this IV f1 grant would turn into
what it is now so what that means is the
actions of one person can have an effect
on another person and then another and
it just grows bigger and bigger and
bigger right now this is this is just
totally blowing my mind we have the
opportunity to do one IBF grant and then
four other people came to us and said we
want to do it too and not just that I'm
so happy to say that two more people
have come to us and say we want to
donate
and those two people are the University
of Utah and April and Davi thank you
guys so much for wanting to be a part of
this for donating it means so much to us
thank you we are about to call the next
two who are eligible for an IVF grant
and let them know that they are going to
be getting grants and we are so excited
like this is huge
Ellie I can't believe it the ones that
are getting grants it's just like we
calculated and made everything as fair
as we could with the finalists these
were the next ones that would be next so
cannot wait to call them they have they
have no idea I emailed them earlier and
I was like hey do you mind if we have a
quick video check remember wonder if you
guys would be able today for a video
chat maybe sometime later tonight if so
it's the best way to be a chops guy
because I'm making that left smell just
like simple yep
simple to the point you're ready home
let's do this
hey I'm Tyler and this is my wife Megan
about five and a half years ago we
started trying to get pregnant and in
that time I found out that I have stage
four endometriosis with that it makes it
almost impossible to get pregnant
without IVF I'm a pastor and it's hard
to do that on a pastoral salary to pay
for IVF because it's expensive but we've
really really wanted to start a family
my wife's always wanted to be a mom an
amazing door was opened for us to have
the opportunity to adopt a little boy
and I just started crying like oh my
gosh this is it this is our opportunity
become parents right at the very end of
it we got a phone call saying it's not
going to happen the adoption is off we
could so use this IVF and we would love
to start our family and let this kid
grow up to be a world changer
hi We're Antion blade we've been married
for 12 years and that's when our
infertility journey started after our
first year with not being able to get
pregnant we went to our doctor after
clomid other meds exploratory surgery
and so many inseminations on IU ice
we've lost count we've learned that we
can only get pregnant through in vitro
and XE we were able to try IVF once we
only had eight follicles which resulted
in one excellent embryo we learned on
our sixth anniversary it didn't take our
doctor at RCC took our case back east
and consulted with many other doctors
and we now have more answers and have a
lot of hope that if we had the
opportunity again IVF would be
successful for us up until now we have
given up on the hope of ever having a
family of our own but thanks to Ellie
and Jared we now have a glimmer of hope
that after 12 years we will have the
chance to finally start a family of our
own
that was just as hard enough I could
take it we're just the messengers of
this like this is other people's
generosity yeah having the privilege of
being able to tell these people and
seeing their reactions this is such a
huge blessing to us and I am so grateful
that we've had so many people reach out
to us and so we can provide these
opportunities for these individuals
their stories beautiful years and years
they've taken foster kids they've tried
to adopt they've tried that baby and
through all of this
she is donated her time to go take
pictures if babies pass away stillborn
or have complications the hospital
passed away she goes and donates Oh time
to take you know photos of their sweet
feet or hands and give to the family
he's been my friend Laura and her little
baby Logan passed away and I know that
she got that done and I just thought you
probably the one that took those or she
said that was a really hard time for her
and because she wanted a baby and she
saw this but it was good for her to do
service it's just there are good people
I don't know why we have this big
platform but I just feel like we are
using it for good and I'm happy to do
that
like I'm so happy thank you
I couldn't have said it better myself
that's amazing Merry Christmas
seven
when doing next year maybe like what I'm
it just keeps going it gets bigger and
bigger and and we help more and more
people how amazing will that be I don't
know maybe that maybe make sure they'll
just be what is the Hamas's we and that
would be okay yeah that is fine really
cool yeah you are the best I love you
would I feel like like during this whole
few months and then this week especially
it's like I really like I said I cry but
I haven't just like and like to add this
was the final thing every emotion in me
yeah sorry Calvin Jackson I don't know
if I have any motion I'll take care of
it you just let off just very grateful
thanks for being a part of this guys
because I think we're gonna go ahead and
say goodnight yeah thank you I mean we
could not have done this without you
guys and so you are a huge part of this
as well
so thank you for your time and your
resources and to all those who have made
this possible seven people are giving we
have grants like how amazing is that so
humbly thank you for allowing us to do
what we can do every day have a
wonderful day and we will see you guys
tomorrow bye
