fit no sit good girl good girl okay this
is what you do when it's freezing
outside and you need a walk your dog is
you run with the ball this is what you
do when you need to walk your dog good
morning guys I just got back from the
dentist and Ellie what were the results
of your dentist appointment yesterday
are you trying to one-up me
no I'm not I just want another results
because we are actually we didn't talk
about it we just talked that you got
your stuff removed I believe the last
two times I've been to the dentist I've
been cavity free why not right after I
was pregnant I had like nine cavities
but are you guys soft on her nose soft
on her nose
she's doing good but it's kind of like
provoking her a little bit but she's
actually like I'm really surprised how
well she was doing maybe just your head
or her hands that's how he's always
taught her from day one it takes and
then of course she's like my tries she's
doing good
she's doing great to meet you
well isn't that very proper of you well
in my dentist appointment Ellie you've
got to hear this my dentist appointment
well let me think how do you think it
went - probably great let me see those
chompers ah so here's the thing Ellie my
dentist appointment went well zero
cavities but he's like you got some
close ones got some really close ones he
said you can prevent it if you do some
things well well yeah it's more flossing
and then mouthwash so I've got to do
that more
not dr. Carver alpha I might ask them
about it I was like so what about like
the dr. pepper he said dr. Berger has
absolutely nothing to do with it Oh keep
drinking as much dr. pepper as you can
do you know I am so excited I know it's
because the toys are we are starting
this little tradition you guys are old
enough that we are doing a sibling gift
exchange so what are you going to do at
the toy store who are you gonna get it
for and Calvin is gonna get one just for
you is that fun this is something that
my siblings and I have done ever since I
can even remember do you guys do the
sibling exam yeah we still do yeah jack
yeah we actually we still do yeah so you
we've been talking all day and you are
gonna find a gift for Calvin and
Calvin's get mine to get for you but
we're gonna wrap it and you'll open on
Christmas Eve now one of the things that
we're gonna do is we're gonna make sure
that Calvin and Jackson actually pick
out the gifts that's as much as possible
I kind of have an idea that's what I I
guess Calvin can't pick out that I know
what you guys picked for Calvin I'm not
kidding you at Calvin picks for Jack
we're going into a very cool store that
has lots of really neat yeah that's a
really neat guess okay so we're gonna
separate and we're gonna initiate
operation sibling gift exchange
we wish you a Merry Christmas we wish
you a Merry Christmas and a Happy New
Year good job okay okay now Jackson we
have to find a really good gift for
Calvin okay something that he's gonna
love and play with for a long long time
today do you think we can do that okay
let's go all right I'll follow you and
you find a gift for Calvin okay
all right so then each have we ended up
meeting up and they each have a toy that
they will not let go up up now Calvin
will he wants to touch everything just a
minute and Jackson you're just gonna
have to see if Calvin I'll get that for
you okay you will not let go of it we're
here to get a gift for Calvin I'm Calvin
I'll get a gift for you hey well maybe
Calvin I'll get it for you we got to put
it back and maybe on Christmas Eve you
can open a gift and it might be a train
set okay okay I'll put it back okay show
me how you can be a good boy it's really
hard I mean even for me would be hard
Jackson let's go put it back and we'll
say we'll see you later right there yep
right there okay thank you and he won't
like Ellie and I did a little swap Arun
I've got Calvin here now
Calvin do you think you were successful
in picking out a gift for Jackson yeah
they honestly had so much fun in there
hey yeah there you go that's the
confirmation that I needed they had fun
in there playing for took with Toys for
themselves and Jackson was actually cute
he was actually looking for something
for Calvin for most of the time he
definitely had some time where he wanted
to find a gift for himself so but I
think we have a mission accomplished
yeah what do you say he say yay
oh don't you peek you can't peek don't
you peek in there that's a secret so we
are getting ready to go down to a really
cool dinner I can't wait for you guys to
see who's gonna be there I kept going
back and forth all morning do we bring
the kids do we get a babysitter do we
keep one not the other and then I
decided kay we're gonna we're just gonna
bring both and Jackson was really really
sad leaving the toy store
I really don't think he's gonna want to
sit at dinner do you want to go to
dinner with us or do you want to go to
Aunt Bonnie's and glad Bonnie
Bonnie's and I figured that would be his
answer he probably will have more fun
anyway so should we go drop him off yes
let's drop them off and this I mean
that's the hardest thing is like we
flip-flop back and forth I can move as I
like having them there like Jackson is
enjoyable to be around but I'm not gonna
deny him what he wants right but we are
going to dinner with the IVF some of the
IVF winners so I'm so excited to meet
them and talk with them so we're gonna
have probably a long dinner and a long
conversation and I think Jax might just
be a little happier with his cousin so
Calvin
he smiles he'll be around us he's been
teething anyway and he's been super
super clingy so he will just be good to
sit on our lap and maybe watch Peppa Pig
for a minute oh let's knock on the door
real soft because we don't know if
anyone's asleep
how's it going you ready buddy
nice thinking here a lot of you guys
have recommended some awesome things for
him the amber teething necklaces oh yeah
people like I got one for Jackson but it
wasn't a necklace there's a little
bracelet huh and you didn't really
notice the difference but it may work
her and me see a difference betwen yeah
I want to try that out so two of our
finalists from the IVF grant are from
Utah and one of them's from New York and
the one from New York just so happens to
be visiting family and friends in
Colorado and they actually just stopped
here in Utah to visit family and friends
and they leave tomorrow so we're like we
should all get together and have dinner
so we are on our way right now to go
have dinner with three of the finalists
who are getting IVF grants and I don't
know why are like right now I'm more
than ever I'm like really nervous right
now like my heart's kind of pounding I
don't usually get nervous to meet people
but I'm just like really excited and
it's gonna be exciting you know to to
meet these guys in person but okay look
both ways
let's cross down Isaac how are you guys
all feeling and you all said that you
had butterflies here this was awesome we
I guess finish your dinner bro show your
dessert we had awesome doughnut hole
Calvin
and he has been happy being female
really fun we've been sitting here just
talking about like everyone's stories
what they're going to do going forward
but they're IVF grants it's been so fun
talking to you guys about your fun
things in New York this he really is an
after in New York I do know that with
your video I thought you're just a
playground soon so they are very poor
very we just had a lot of fun everybody
it's been like such a wonderful
experience to get to know these guys
even more and hear more about the future
and everything like that I just feel so
blessed
well I think everybody could say Amen to
this but it's like all of us have had
crazy emotions this week like high and
low and it's done kind of emotionally
draining for everyone so it's been
really nice to sit down and eat dinner
together we so wish that we could meet
up with the other contestants the Jer
and I are like we should go to me and in
Hawaii Hawaii we should probably go to
Hawaii
yeah yeah so fun hey buddy how are you
hey did you fall asleep I have bunny
songs
yeah did you play hmm did you play games
fun bean bland push
bing-bong push what's that a game is a
fun game yeah oh wow
did you fall yeah did you have fun yeah
good were you a good boy
I missed you yeah give me kiss
love you can you say goodnight goodnight
goodnight but by compensate but by he
literally just did it Oh Calvin is
getting a little mush that he's been
really sad and so I am getting him a
little bath because his little outfit
lots about paste going on he's happy
about now that he's in the tub can you
say ah sit off he says ah and he will
yell at penny when penny comes by Oh cuz
sometimes she jumps on us nuts at we say
ah I just think you're so sweet ah you
know today you cried and when he cried I
thought that looks like Jackson you guys
look so much alike all in all I think
that was a very very successful day and
it's not because the kids had a great
time picking gifts out for each other
and it's not because we had an amazing
dinner
what he's just three you just wanted
that train set so bad well we'll have to
see what Calvin picked out for him and
it's not because we had dinner with some
amazing people from the in-vitro contest
it's because I was able to wear my
sweater today that's why today is so
awesome Ellie it's like I'm a Christmas
present just waiting to be opened
and yet I'm still round get over here no
seriously tonight dinner was so fun it
was so fun talking to everyone we
haven't even really had a chance to talk
to you guys about our conversations with
them when we took when we've been Skype
calling them and a lot of them are just
at the point we're concerned with the
others when they didn't know that all of
them would be getting the grants and
tonight was just so fun to talk to them
we all talked about you know something
in the future what if at some point all
of the people that got the chance to get
the IVF grant could possibly share it in
a bucket and then we all together fund
another person and just kind of continue
that bucket year after year sometime you
know we're just brainstorming and just
it's fun to see how this has come about
and we are so incredibly blessed to be a
part of it absolutely that's one of the
things that Ellie and I have been
talking about a lot lately is how can we
continue this going forward so that's
something that Ellie and I are gonna
think about a lot in 2017 is what we can
do next because we love this like this
is like I want our kids to see this I
want to continue to do this so you know
what that means next Ellie what I can't
wait until we're able to visit the other
two couples that's gonna be so fun
talking to you guys let me go let me use
something yep so we're gonna call it a
night Ellie and I are just gonna hang
out thank you again
just thank you that I don't know what
else to say other than thank you thank
you to you guys thank you to the
wonderful couples we had dinner with
it's just have been a wonderful week and
I know we've said it a thousand times
but thank you it's very true and we mean
it from the bottom of our hearts we hope
you have a wonderful evening and we will
see you guys next time
thanks for watching
