Calvin how'd you get on the other side
of that game come you the i-5 I miss you
already
yeah that's right ok put yourself to bed
oh my gosh good morning Calvin I love my
good morning hugs from you
oh no it's monster Jackson monster
Jackson is coming coming we gotta watch
our monster Jackie it's a good thing is
extremely slower we didn't even have any
chances Elliot's official and I'm very
excited to announce this you already
know this news we are officially moved
in do you want to know why why we
unpacked our last box yesterday it's for
the entertainment center the Xbox yeah
which is so funny because usually you
would think like that would be the first
box I unbox is the Xbox but I didn't
unbox the Xbox first that wasn't the
first box that I unboxed that was the
last box iron box was the Xbox and mine
is is after a year I finally got my
Invisalign off yeah you no longer have
sharpies on your teeth and so I can
finally kiss you so this is it they look
like wait let me focus in on them they
look great li I did tons of pictures
throughout the process so you like down
together and show you guys but very very
excited it be done okay good
cuz I come repos anything but I want to
reinforce that yes it means that sit sit
for dinner look I've got a bone oh sit
No sit good good good
knack girl good girl
now that's a big treat I know it'll be
good I'm gonna eat lunch while you have
a little snack seeing as how we
officially have moved in and all of the
boxes are unpacked we still have a lot
of boxes that need to be recycled and
broken down and everything and they're
in the back of the garage he did heck
kept away in secret just because it's
embarrassing and there's a lot of them
but I'm gonna go pick up the trailer
right now
so here's the thing here's the deal
having a van or just like the Pacifica
and having being able to tow has totally
changed the way that I handle and do
things because I no longer have to ask
Joel to drive me and take me and use his
trailer I just can go pick up his
trailer when he doesn't use it so oh it
is it's been awesome what's funny though
is Joel and I will still typically do
those things together because we like
hanging out and usually when we hang out
we do stuff like that so it's a lot of
fun I don't think Joel is going to
accompany me now but I'm grateful for
the van I'm grateful for Joel's trailer
it's funny to know how you do things
differently when you have different
things like that so it makes me grateful
so thanks Joel appreciate it
and I've gotten pretty good at backing
up the trailer in the garage
first try baby sure what the heck are
you doing here I just get off on this
big ol R and as far as like hey this is
so cool I have a van I don't need Joel
to take me anywhere with the trailer I
can do all this stuff by myself now and
here you are sure enough it's like
you're I sense there was greatness going
on my camera's okay I dropped this one
and it's stuck that way
oh no and it's broken so I'm gonna
combine the two and take the money
oh my gosh but I don't have a little
screwdriver and I know you I do you
ready to go we've delivered a few gifts
to the neighbors we're getting ready to
deliver a few more okay I got my helper
you need something else we stacked up
come on this way jack perfect are you
gonna Christmas helper I like hearing
you sing you know what do you say are
you okay it's Elias time to shine are
you ready sister girl so normally when
we get gifts we don't open them we put
them under the train we wait till
Christmas team up and like family and
friends get set but seeker Santa from
reddit I'm not waiting because Georgian
tree well I didn't wait and they also
want you to take a picture of what you
got so you can show so we're doing it
right now
oh good oh my gosh did we tell us I may
have told him a little bit that's so
cute date night lovely couple what pay
night are you kidding
enjoy boyfriend together le that is
sing-alongs eel yeah there's more stuff
in here oh my gosh it was so Jared does
this every year thread it cheap any
Meachem lab from drape for the terrible
that's so awesome they have a puppy
they've got it away for you look penny
oh my gosh there she goes yeah oh my
goodness Oh luxury candy boutique Ellie
they know you it's from a guy uh-huh
so he did good yeah read it the Secret
Santa oh my gosh whoever you are thank
you so much this is amazing hey John
help me oh oh oh you gotta help you ask
yeah can you help me let's read the
title it says the five-minute journal oh
my gosh where have I seen the
affirmation oh does Tim Farriss do that
so every day we do a weekly challenge
what your favorite for what you would
make today great your daily affirmations
amazing things that happen today
wait is that is that the five minute
journal um that's from the book we read
le o L ll Raja that's oh my gosh dude
you hit the jackpot
so fun thank you I have no idea watches
but so cool 5 reasons why do you love
the 5 minute journal Jackson who is that
he said Zack we were trying to get him
to say hey Jerry
we don't use out ground here she doesn't
got you guys because my real friends
know my name yeah yeah it's Jerry
Jackson we're here you've been asking to
do this all day long you ready to go you
want to go ice skating you ready
yeah sure go in skating you're excited
yeah okay let's go ice skating
you ready yeah let's go Calvin are you
ready yes he is let's go
ever since Jackson saw the outdoor ice
skating rink at Farmington station he
has been talking about going ice skating
we were gonna go today and go to the
outdoor ones but it is so cold outside
and indoor one is awesome like I really
don't need a scarf or anything it feels
great in here so all day we've been
telling Jackson that were to go ice
skating and you know Calvin wakes up
we're gonna go and we were gonna go and
then we ran out I talked food we had to
go get dog food and you know going into
town it takes a lot longer pumping kids
so finally time to go ice skating we
come in you should have seen the look on
Jackson's face my gosh well they they
have closed game for like lessons and
stuff and so we've got to wait a little
bit until it's open skating that's okay
Jackson seems very happy though to watch
what are you watching this
are they good are you gonna do what they
do so we got some snacks you have candy
bars and chocolate milk and M&Ms
so we've got now just keep us
entertained yeah Calvin is wearing three
things that used to be
Jackson's his shoes his coat and his hat
I just can't get over it
but when we go we are gonna rock it
we're gonna have so much fun huh oh wow
look look look look they're all turning
the corner set what you're gonna do
Calvin look what I just found look it
was just in there it's a hockey puck
what are you looking at your hockey butt
oh no no no is not Calvin
let's go show Jackson let's go show
Jackson let's go find him and show him
this hockey puck Jackson you will not
believe what I just found
look at that
do you know what it is it's a hockey
puck yeah used on the on the ice and you
have a stick and you try and shoot it in
the goal
pretty cool huh should we keep it Kelvin
look at him he's never been in skates in
his life okay no more walking save it
for the ring all right family are you
guys ready to go skating this guy like
this is kind of a joke it's so much work
but it's gonna be so fun well like the
kids I'm walking on their skates just
fine I makes just to see how they do all
night you know as a parent yes kind of
nerve-wracking yeah as soon as the
Zamboni is done we will get going on the
ice be excited Jackson yeah okay what
are you gonna do first my triple double
axel or plie what about what about you
Cal you excited he's talking to this
neighbor boy
does that matter
yeah
you are doing so awesome dude
dude you're like hockey stop it high
five yeah
Jax is having the time of his life
clear up here he has no fear
I bought this kid you have a fun Hey
he's had his first rest his first power
stop it did I mean like it's amazing
this is going to be how Jackson is is it
a child an adult I mean he learned how
to ride a bike at two and a half
he's just is an adventurous kid and
Calvin is always in for an adventure and
he's always happy about it
even with his head can I see how could
you do without this okay now hold real
still we're gonna let go
okay go really slow let's see how could
you juice out it Wow
pretty good this is definitely one for
the books I want to do again we've had a
lot of fun there should Calvin solder
you all know like how to skate I think I
just fall hey okay yeah our kids already
made like 10 loops around here seriously
this is fun I want to do this again
Calvin for his first time and Jackson
did pretty good because the legs are
tired
mine are too can you let your head there
you
retire hands down my goodness freaking
gracious these kids it's so good I think
did you have fun ice skating the funny
thing about ice skating is when you get
out of the ice escapes you feel like you
can still buy it around and so you like
to take a step you're like oh and then
your shoes feel so different my feet are
killing me but it's just funny like when
you get off on ice skates or like take
ski boots or snowboard boots off you're
like how do I walk again I know when
Jackson turns three we want to do some
sort of like lesson I think I'm going to
start a gymnastic class I was going to
say I think tumbling would be like the
best I got fun that way I could maybe
like sneak in the class - and we're
gonna come on myself but they have like
a hot chocolate date sake you could go
if your case in like skate for 30
minutes like a lesson and have hot
chocolate so that sounds fun huh that
would be fun
high five dude you did awesome Calvin
how'd you get on the other side of that
game come give me high five I miss you
already
yeah that's right okay put yourself to
bed okay oh my goodness are we calling
this round - Ellie is this what round -
looks like the kids are asleep in bed
and Ellie has already cut up some
amazing snacks and we've got some apple
cider from Utah ready to rock and roll
and our TV is prime and ready for
watching I just realized that while we
were ice-skating I did not have my coat
open so no one could see my amazing
Christmas sweaters I'm a little sad
about that so I may have to wear it
tomorrow you're just gonna have to be
okay with that
okay we're good to us you bet I am we
are gonna call it a night guys thank you
so much for watching the video today I
was so impressed with Jackson he just
picks things up like crazy fast and it's
so fun to watch I'm so impressed after
like Calvin talks to everybody
yes getting over a little ya know so you
talk about the storm - Cindy blaster
even leaned in to kiss the guy he was
like as I know
strange you can talk but don't kiss he
was the instructor there so he's being
really cute to him but all right you
guys thanks again we'll see you tomorrow
bye
