sit nope that's quite the opposite of
sit isn't it
we're still working on it okay no sit
good girl good girl
Kenny good girl you didn't sit very long
but she did it and that's what good
morning guys and a happy Sunday
this is currently Jackson's favorite toy
and he decided to take the pillows out
and put the car in there and this is
very entertaining
Calvin is not very happy but Jackson I
like proud of him too like this is an
entertaining oh that's awesome
I think Jeremy had picked up from the
dollar store I see that's where I got
and this is I guess favorite toy okay I
have an idea can your Jackson's get up
on your bed we'll have the pillow right
here Calvin I'm glad to see you smiling
right now he's been really upset with
cheating I'll put that on the ground and
we'll let the car go off your bed and
jump onto the pillow good idea okay come
up here so cool up here to Cal cake let
me see the car okay you can do it cuz it
doesn't suck okay okay and I'll do it
like this so it has a good running start
ready 1 2 3 go
whoa oh not quite look at this car go I
mean it's just going I'd love to see
Sonny chase it she'd get in demolishing
the look it's art it's missing a will -
all right family this is his favorite
you look good
we gonna do my civic duty and go back to
church that church I only got one
ha ha ha I'm going back to church
because the boundaries of our church
area are changing that to figure out
what those are so um did you get this
car at the dollar store like knowing
remember we uh yes is the dollar store
it takes favorite toys oh okay come
watch you ready for bed lay your head
down are you hit John did you could
pause it oh my god like is it that one
forever he decided to come down and do
it it's like the the motorcycles it's a
roll cage yeah I'm a circle and they're
going around forever and ever
what we didn't think to do that I don't
know I came down and he is laughing
hysterically all right guys are you
ready for this we are gonna make a big
cookie our cookie dog has been in the
refrigerator for several hours I did a
butter cream cheese cookie dough I found
on Pinterest I'm anxious to see how we
like it and I am using these cookie
cutters that I got it was Christmas and
I probably was 15 and I love these gifts
like the gifts I thought like not all
the gifts like there's a hell gifts I
got growing up that it's like I have for
a long time and I just love on like
these are stars and these are
gingerbread man katelyn babies so we are
going to roll out our dough and we are
going to make a sugar cookies and put
sprinkles on them and frosting on them
and Calvin has his little toothbrush
because this is like the only thing
that's making him happy right now
because he's teething those teeth the
sharp pointy canine teeth those are the
worst
I remember Jackson going through that in
you like they all algae there so they
hurt all right are we ready yeah
and to be honest I'm not really made
much sure this is like really hard
I wonder visible to be the art you know
you think so too I eat it break our
teeth I don't know it was supposed to be
this heart I did for two hours I said at
least two hours and I bet it would make
a Nancy okay now can I do it yeah of
course you are so cute to me you know
that
yeah I can't
yeah Wow hey big uns
you're out yeah that looks really good
don't want you on do next oh oh wait you
go they go what it's a gingerbread man
it's really me what was I thinking of
course the dough will be like a really
hard I just talked to like warming up
and mold it it's like come on I haven't
you ever been in the kitchen I cook but
I didn't know now it's working like a
champ
awesome I'm doing wrong okay what what
do you want to do with me the lego man
no open really hard
good job okay now lift it up
perfect on the button right here okay
and you think it down taking oh good
John John drew a circle cousin miss
Joyce circle
with the ball good ball
Calvin is very entertained Jackson is a
loving cutting out Lego men and really
fun I thought doing this with you can
you boil it we're making cookies yeah
Christmas and you ended Duty games what
did you learn at nursery today oh boy
put our toys did you guys sing song yeah
did you say a prayer Wow what song did
you sing
Quigley Tiger you can pee wow I'm glad
you had a good day this is really fun it
makes me I did miss you
I missed you lots of big men lasered man
began okay yeah welcome to all these and
they're done look I even got dinosaurs
yeah I just I mean this cookies pretty
good it's got some delicious flavor to
it the the frosting is pretty nice but
mostly the sprinkles are my favorite but
I'm just gonna put it back down here on
the plate here and grab a drink oh I
dropped it could you help me out here oh
yeah yeah let me on camera all in all I
give it all in all I give it a solid
eight out of ten in terms of cook enos
delicious but could have some room for
improvement over mm-hmm there's good for
a good dose put a good dose for good so
let me explain the sitch here going on
guys I get home from church and I walk
in I smelled these cookies and I see my
cute wife and these adorable kids making
cookies and now you guys are frosting
cookies all together like that is just
such a fun Sunday activity don't you
think like
so I can't wait it's Christmas week can
you believe that today as we're filming
this next week is Christmas checks are
you excited for Christmas
hmm Jackson what do you want for
christmas make you look cute hey how I
can be a special choo-choo train what go
my Coney and are we gonna be happy if
Santa brings us just one toy yeah whose
birthday are we celebrating
on Christmas that's right that's right
celebrating yeah celebrate his birthday
and Christmas what if we get no presents
yeah no yeah will you be okay with that
oh I guess that's his response today's
like I have a new presents I've got
kinda talked about all this but we've
been talking a lot this weekend you know
sometimes we may not get any and
sometimes we might get one and you three
you it just depends but you know we're
always grateful for what we get yes
yeah it's a time to talk about what
we're grateful for that we're grateful
for what we have and well we can give to
others right yeah Calvin do you know
what you want for christmas yeah I don't
know dad I don't know what I want I'm
yeah baby I don't know oh that's a good
decoration you even put some more on me
I kind of feel really dumb feels like
the dough through a hoard well of course
I figured it out and then I think the
cookies will be really good no what oh
my gosh Jackson you decorated this so
well hey so what am I decorated it oh
yeah oh there's Jackson's a correction
on his map I tried to make like a little
guy oh there you go like him I tried to
make a gingerbread guy with like blue
jeans and shoes and a shirt but the
shirt is clear and the red looks like
blood and there's like gingerbread mini
guys I made
red version of like Andrew W K was like
the webcam my star looks okay though
right yeah it looks pretty good
now unfortunately sugar cookies and
puppies don't mix very well so pennies
you are out of the contest for cookie
decorating but that's not to say I don't
have a little cookie for you fly across
the room three five thousand incumbents
play everywhere and you're like yeah
which results in automatic
disqualification okay
whether you were eligible or not yeah
but I've got a treat for you now because
you're being a good girl sit nope that's
quick the opposite of sit isn't it we're
still working on it okay
no sit good girl good girl
Kenny good girl you didn't sit very long
but she did it and that's what counts
ladies and gentlemen boys and girls may
I have a drum roll please hit it off le
demand reduce finish sugar cookies these
are the ones that we have all decorated
and have put on display because the
other ones we either eight or they just
weren't that good so we ate them too so
here's what I want you guys to do here
is all of the good-looking sugar cookies
I want you guys to tell me which one is
your favorite you can name them yourself
or hand what bazan like P&J yeah the
green kind of melting or something but
one two three four five six seven eight
nine ten which one of the numbered ones
are your favorite obviously number ten
is a really really great one even though
it has a giant fissure down the middle
Fisher Fisher like a crack it's not also
those things that are in your bum
sometime not your oh yeah I know I have
a Jeff lately Fisher this is a really
really catchy and I think that's gonna
dinger bread on gingerbread yeah well
not yo dawg i heard you like gingerbread
men so I put gingerbread on
red men on your gingerbread man except
it's a sugar cube these are good well
how do no this one's pretty great right
but they're uh
the link in the description because this
is a good recipe Ellen get out of town
isn't this just the most romantic thing
you have done ever in our entire
marriage
oh you this day most romantic thing I
did was come home with that one game
when your that was honestly like the
most amazing thing okay real quick so
the last of us probably the best game
I've ever played I rented it from red
box like every day for a week just to
play it and like for 30 minutes a day
cuz I was in school and working and all
that stuff and I was just loving the
game so much but like we didn't have
enough money to get the game or
something like that but one day I came
home from work and Ellie had it sitting
up on the TV and I like I like I like
died like I was just so happy it's so
silly to get that excited over a video
game but like if you play that game you
know what it's like it was that I was
grocery shopping I remember being at the
end I was like I'm just gonna go look
look and see how much it is and I was
like he's gonna love it you know I think
you're getting ready to take finals or
something yeah one of the biggest
surprises of our marriage you came but
it was a bigger surprise in Calvin yeah
but the what's romantic tonight is Ellie
has cut and sliced up all of these
little goodies and we have some
sparkling soda I didn't put the sauce on
your skillet thank you oh it gets better
and better the kids are asleep and we
have snacks and we are gonna watch a
movie in our bed and we're gonna call it
a night I'm so excited watch a movie I
catch up on everyone's blogs while you
were working thanks so much for watching
guys this has been such an amazing week
it has been a week that we will never
forget always remember and it'll be so
close to our hearts and thank you for
letting us do this this was so fun and
now this week going forward is the week
of Christmas so we hope you have a
wonderful week just as much as we will
we'll see you guys tomorrow thanks for
watching tomorrow bye
