I just have a huge smile on my face guys
we got the kids to bed and we just video
chatted with all of the finalists all
five couples who were the finalists of
the IVF contest we just video chatted
with them and we shared with them some
really exciting news that we want to
share with you
good morning guys are you guys ready for
the last Saturday before Christmas we
have so many fun things that we're doing
today yesterday very exciting day we do
doing leave me finger what do you get ah
I said Vader Darth Vader we are going to
love hi good morning are you not looking
at me huh you want to go to the movies
yeah do those look cool is that what
we're gonna see Calvin we're gonna go
see those crazy one that's crazy guys
yeah two L's later bye my god you did so
good wow that was like the best ever he
just sat and enjoyed the movie the
entire time it was so amazing
what's that who do you see there Jackson
oh I have to tell you guys you're
Jackson sense if you don't know about
the movie
you can skip this so the grandma got
sick and Jackson goes oh grandma's sick
dad and what's wrong and it's Janet
she's dying and Jackson oh and then
later on the grandma showed back up in
spirit and Jackson goes better and it
was like the quietest part of the movie
it really really it was pretty cute but
yeah Jackson definitely explained their
grandma got a little bit better I just
have a huge smile on my face guys we got
the kids to bed and we just video
chatted with all of the finalists all
five couples who were the finalists of
the IVF contest we just video chatted
with them and we shared with them some
really exciting news that we want to
share with you so Ellie as you are
filling up all of your spice bottles and
labeling them and everything why don't
you guys and Ellie come over and join me
on the couch as we share with you some
very very exciting news ready
two weeks ago Ellie and I announced this
IVF grant that we would hope would
change someone's life and it's been an
amazing experience reading all the
applications watching all of the videos
the hundreds of submissions that we
received and that we went through it was
emotional it was touching it was we
laughed we had a great time it was it
was hard but it was we call it a
blessing because we were able to see you
guys and the experiences that you have
gone through we've also learned a lot in
how we want to manage this and how we
want to keep going forward this is the
first time we've ever done anything like
this and as such you know there are
things that we've learned and things
that we want to do differently going
forward Jared I wanted to do this
because we wanted to be able to give
back like most of you already know we
started out doing this about three years
ago and a lot of people were still
loving and supportive with us we really
wanted to give one of our sweet viewers
the opportunity even though it was just
one to have the opportunity to have a
family and to start their family you
know we watched a video recently because
one of you guys tweeted about it that we
were talking about two years ago years
ago we were talking about we were almost
married for six years and we were
reflecting back on the six years of our
marriage and what we wanted to do in six
years from now and one thing that we
said is we wanted to give away a IVF
cycle or help someone fund an IVF cycle
give back and little did we know we'd be
two short years later we would be able
to we're so excited but part of that
excitement is hard because it's
financially we were able to do just one
and we know that it's still really fun
and exciting for someone but we still
felt like we really wanted to do more as
well we do have five finalists and Ellie
and I are so excited and so happy and so
thrilled to announce that due to the
extreme generosity of others all five
finalists will be receiving IVF grants
you
this has been a crazy emotional week for
everybody involved and this because not
what we thought it would be we're very
appreciative to everybody that has
reached out to be able to make all five
finalists this was a huge undertaking
over the past week and it all started
because of one person stranger this now
friend I call his name is Joel and his
wife Jenny watched our video and they
emailed me the day after we made the
announcement we didn't have any
finalists or we didn't have any video
submitted yet but he iam Emily the day
after and said I want to fund the runner
up or the second person and as soon as I
got that email I said Ellie we've got to
get all five we've got to do all five
jared contacted dr. pepper dude they
want to be in hell and the utah
fertility clinic they offered to help
fund another person's grant we we
reached out to companies we reached out
to fertility centers and what brands
came flocking in what blew my mind is
that we had our dear friends reach out
to us and say that they wanted to help
we had Carl and ginger we had Zach from
jerry-rigged everything the Utah
fertility center like Ellie said Joel
and his wife Jenny from Florida are all
funding the grant for the other four
finalists and we are so excited and we
could not be happier and more thankful
because of these guys our five finalists
are getting grant as we were open and
expressed with you guys and how we had
no idea legally how crazy that this
would be to do who knew it would be this
hard to just you can't just give someone
an IVF grant we had to go through a lot
of Hoops to make it legal and make it
work
same goes this week with all the rest of
the four finalists Jared has been on the
computer all night all day trying to
make sure that every
is set in stone the teaser cross the I's
are dotted making sure everything is
legal and done and done right so thank
you to everybody that was involved this
turned out to be not what we expected
but even better we have to give a big
thanks to the footsteps for fertility
foundation they're a huge part in making
this all happen by sending out the
grants and contacting the doctor exactly
they're a huge part about this and a lot
of you guys have expressed interest in
helping fund fertility grants well if
you go to their website they have a
donation section up at the top where you
guys can make donations and help other
people fund grants for other people
whether it's in here in Utah Texas or
anywhere nationally you guys can do that
there and we have already made this very
clear but I just want to do it again
just so everybody knows this is just
something that we wanted to do to give
back we have not monetized any of our
finalist videos we are not making any
money with footsteps refer Tillet e or
for any other fertility clinic that is
doing the grants for our finalists this
is just a big Christmas miracle Merry
Christmas and a Happy New Year with
however you do celebrate Christmas Happy
Hanukkah just happy happy happy holiday
miss the year it just that's how we feel
and this is something that Jared and I
have wanted to do for a long long time
and we have no idea that we'd be able to
do it right now and with the thinks of
everybody gathering around and this is
what it's all about we hope to give a
little bit of inspiration while you are
out in town to look people in the eyes
to smile to talk to offer your help
whether it's giving giving a jacket to
somebody or helping with food on their
table whatever you can do it makes a big
difference yeah again a huge thanks to
all those who have made this possible we
could not have done it without you thank
you guys thank you to our finalists they
have been so wonderful getting to know
them and I look forward to getting to
know them even more throughout this
whole process we want to thank you guys
for watching the video in your continued
support throughout this whole journey
you guys are a part of our journey and
we're so grateful for that
and with that we're going to call it a
night we appreciate it guys thank you so
much for watching and we will see you
guys tomorrow
hi
