I want Kevin to do it again because I
like that MA yeah there it is that's
what I'm looking for oh the blimps did
he get those from you or from Joel we
are getting ready for the day and making
some breakfast we are gonna go out to
eat but the kids are so tired this once
I made hash browns eggs ba hot chocolate
oh you are the good what why do kids see
you that's funny it is funny what made
you need to put that on your head yeah
I'm a good goose you're a goose
your goose goofball so Jax I was
changing Calvin's diaper he's like mom I
want get ready for today yes my child
said that I said go downstairs and grab
pants a shirt and some underwear and
this is what he came up with up the
perfect perfect mix up show you what I
would have done to thank you for doing
Nash we get dressed
yeah okay put your underwear on goof
yeah come on goose hey I think this is a
family first this has never happened but
I've heard stories of a happening from
when I was a kid and it's not even that
bad it's just funny what did you get
into young man yeah what happened Calvin
Calvin what happened oh no you got
lotion all over your face and your hair
and your hands Neville oh good joke
oh my gosh she just met with a guy who's
get he's gonna give us a quote for a
fence for the art the dog was going
crazy the kids are going crazy then
Calvin runs in my guru what the heck
it's okay look at all this lotion Oh see
the tan she's gonna have moisturize your
clothes are gonna be moisturized how'd
you do it Calvin huh huh how'd you do it
dad I don't know what happened I don't
know
you are a mess young man wasn't to brush
okay let's take a bath that's honestly
like his favorite non toy thing to hold
as a toothbrush he'll walk around with
it wherever he goes and it's hilarious
he loves to have a vibrator boys
try and take it away and like put it
somewhere it's like somehow he reaches I
straw him and cow Jackson have a
something crazy going on because yeah
they're there they're planning against
does this need our toothbrushes I don't
they just don't want us to get our
dental hygiene le and that's a problem
that can lead to like gingivitis and
then the ginger vine is coming to heart
trouble didn't you know that I they do
they're coming against us okay aren't
you to get gummy bears where did you
even get gummy bears what the heck is
going on no seriously what are those
those are gummy bears I didn't even get
those look at the snow guys it is
starting to snow it's been raining all
day okay the kids are so tired
Jackson was up a lot with grandma
grandpa she's really tired and you do
show what we've been doing ah
he started it not me yeah hey I have a
question a grandpa ha
sick shit you say no the Hat time for
bed time for a nap that's what you need
to learn to say is a nap both of you
kids even Jackson Jackson's and do not
see any work but work it up for her to
work on that because he is then his eyes
are tired
all right our little decorative mat will
no longer work right here with the yard
being so wet and muddy until we get
grass I think we need a little more
heavier duty thing I just want the
floors cuz there was the puppy prints
everywhere and we got a little heavier
duty this one's not too bad that's not
at all
well you said you wanted a bigger one I
wasn't a bigger one so that's nice room
why your feet off and have separation
between the hardwood floor and the door
and I think that's perfect
I like that and then I saw this and
Jared laughed I said well don't dog it
till you try it for Jacques it's like a
little mat in it you can wash it I went
to Bed Bath & Beyond and it just is for
like puppies paws and it's supposed to
soak up really well you can wash it
excuse me I may claim that you can step
on it yeah and you don't need to wipe
your feet if you have mud on it so yeah
definitely be put to the test here let's
see so right here on the counter I can't
show too much but you get a little gist
and this is four siblings Brian and
Missy Colin and Katie just some gifts
that we need two for that today and get
out and we have some for the neighbors a
little gift that will show you guys that
but so far that's good
also I've been cleaning the floor with
where is my little thing DiBona cleaner
which I I love it but I hate this
doesn't like work very well this thing
so that's really frustrating but I just
thought store they have like Swiffer
versions of it like like bone a cleaner
but it's tougher stuff so I got that and
it's disposable which is great because
this like one use after I mean you
should wash after one use but it's a
really nasty so shut it off so that's
good we'll see how penny likes that and
how we like it but this is much better
much bigger well now that everything is
wrapped I can show you Jackson helped me
he has a special three-year-old scissors
that like the cut but they're pretty
good for three-year-olds I guess we have
some gifts for our friends
and family and look at what we are
getting for our neighbors our sweet
neighbor the other day for over some not
just any apple cider but like like local
ha yeah apple cider and so that's like
that's a unique cool gift I'm pretty
excited about so fun we have several of
our neighbors so that we are going to
bring over some stupid cuckoos they were
at our meet up the other day and they're
really good I've tried the homemade
version just like oh we could go and
it's really good going to this wig place
because they're just so good but this
really is these are like this taste
they're freaking a lot like it these are
approaching Missy Lani good delicious
kottshicken guys I know oh oh he's not
one to stop and the little little hair
stroke there you go those are nice
cousins aren't you guys I won't kill him
to do it again because I like that MA
there it is that's what I'm looking for
oh those lamps did he get those from you
or from Joel oh the baby sampai that's
so sweet
love you guys bye link what is it doing
is its dad Oh sister you first ring he
said that's my car I have two items of
business that I want to go over real
quick with you I was reviewing the
footage earlier today when I was walking
into the bathroom when Calvin had all
the lotion on his hair and I was looking
at my hair and I was like huh I don't
know if I like it like yesterday I
really liked it but today I don't know
like now I think it was better I wonder
for just throughout the day cuz it
looked really round but now what's not
square around right here so I don't know
that's something to think about anyway
that's item number one item number two I
never thought that living in this the
house like we would have to make like a
adjustments in like my de lien or like
my nightly routine or just going about
the day I never thought that hardwood
floors would affect me so much as they
have it's like crazy don't you having to
tighten yeah our builder we're gonna do
tile and he's like it's really hard bad
so we weren't going to do try we always
wanted your heart wet but we had talked
about there was an option yeah the past
like three or four days my heels have
just been killing me just like killing
me and I was talking to Joel about it
and he's like dude it's the hardwood
floors like you're just not used to
walking on like the hardness because we
don't wear shoes in the house not used
to walking on the hardness of the
hardwood floors so your feet are like
getting more tender from them and I was
like oh my gosh that's totally it and I
was showing Jackson today like I have a
big crack in the my heel from it being
dry and just being beat from that why
don't you join us penny what are you
join us oh my G oh hi penny
mmm so while I was out and about running
some errands and I saw some slippers
these cat met Jamie's wanted some
slippers like it'd be nice to have
slippers because it's just that door and
how much were they you're like ten nine
ninety nine ten bucks you were gonna
wear I'm gonna try them on and see if
that helps my my feet at all mmm good
all day no I don't think so dude did it
I don't down what do you think say it
there's just one downside to this Ellie
I know most lady but you don't have to
rub all the time
okay she's in perfect crotch jumping how
my foot listen we're all about the
niceties here you just want to be nice
to each other just she's huge we're not
gonna be able to pick her up she has
gotten big fight I'll put a picture of
when we first got her like look at her
now hey hey girl that's my favorite
thing that's your every time well I like
them I'm glad that you like them thank
you I'm excited to try them out and see
if they help my feet at all well this is
not good hey hey hey
he's been on have been all over three
seconds penny and you're already
starting to chew on them come on you got
a perfectly good squirrel right here see
screw you many many many there you go
good girl I know it is so close to the
deadline but it is now official Ellie
and I have both submitted our reddit
Secret Santa gifts so I did mine
yesterday Ally's got hers all done today
it was just cool to like learn more
about the people that we were paired up
with and we you know were able to read
their like biographies and like what
they liked and everything Ellie's Secret
Santa person really likes Harry Potter
and Doctor Who in firefighting and
they're an EMT so it's pretty cool there
and my Secret Santa guy actually lives
here in Utah so that's pretty cool to
learn about but yeah we're officially
done with our Secret Santa gifts and I
think I think we're almost all done for
Christmas like getting all of our family
and friends presents ready to rock and
roll and I've got some fun stuff I want
to hopefully be able to do for the kids
if I have enough time and then something
special for her Ellie I have something
in mind for Ellie that she has no idea
about it's not big it's very small but I
hope she loves it and I'm excited to
tell them more when it gets a little
closer to Christmas
you
well you really enjoyed my guitar
playing or she hated it so much that she
fell asleep one of the other I'm not
sure I just love playing the guitar it
makes me feel good whenever I'm feeling
great or whenever I'm feeling down we
are gonna go ahead and call it a night
Ellie and I are probably gonna watch a
show and then we were going to hit the
hay and we're going to enjoy the weekend
it's been a wonderful emotional roller
coaster of a week and we're it's so
excited for the weekend and it's going
to be a great next week too the holidays
are coming up and we are going to spend
time with family and friends and we're
going to make the most of the holiday so
let us know what your plans are in the
comments down below and we will see you
guys tomorrow thanks for watching bye
