I can't I can't do it to bargain away
good morning guys
hi can I have to show you this I have
not used my toaster yet and I'm using my
toaster look at this oh my it goes down
and then if I push lift and luck oh no
just a little bit more what I had no
idea this was so cool when I bought it I
think I bought it from cratenbarrel
I was just like oh yeah we need new one
I had my other one for years and years
and I wanted one that had two oh my god
I had no idea is that cool fancy what
should we eat for breakfast cow you've
been up since 5:30 you stink I stir it
takes me like several weeks to finish
your project even months so underneath
in our mudroom under all these shelves
we have Jared's section we has a coat
and some gloves and a scarf we have my
section I have some shoes my coat my
gloves and scarfs Jackson section he's
got his snow boots shoes scarves we even
have some like hand warmers and stuff
back there for everyone and then
Calvin's little section so we have all
that done and that feels so good up here
I need to put some shelves shelving
right there and do towels throw our
swimming suits this I need to put a
shelf in this is the dog stuff when the
kids a little older I'll probably have
this up all downstairs so you can play a
nominal table but for now like the
painting and markers and crayons I have
right here so I'll put a little shelf
I'd like to get a little bin some time
for that a little more productive that's
halfway done Jer and I are getting ready
to go to the Star Wars movie premiere
tonight and so I'm getting ready get my
makeup done
get my hair done Bonnie did an awesome
tutorial on how she curls her hair and
those really cute curls I don't dare to
do it tonight but I'm kind of starting
am i doing it as tight but I'm doing
them in different directions and I was
like oh I haven't watched Colin and
Katie for a few days I'll pull their
video up pull their video what and I
wasn't subscribed to them we all know
that I have been subscribed to Cullen
and Katie for a long time I just thought
that was really weird so I tweeted on
them YouTube's going through a really
funny thing and I think a lot of people
know that so if you guys are not
subscribed to your people that you
really like to watch and uh make sure
you go up and subscribe anyway this is
my outfit I'm wearing some black
high-waisted jeans and a little
turtleneck and then I have a little
black vest that I will wear with it
alrighty guys say goodbye to any
productivity that I had going on today
now and forever and that reason is
because let me show you hold on Super
Mario run just came out I am so excited
for this game as soon as they announce
that I'm like oh that's so cool call me
a nerd but I love it but I have to say
one thing about it scum bag
Super Mario ever since a Nintendo
announced through the Apple Keynote that
this app was coming to the App Store
they're like notify me as soon as this
release says notify me as soon as this
releases anytime you go to the App Store
Super Mario was at the top of course
when the app comes no notification they
did not notify me so I've missed out on
at least 15 minutes of playing my kid
but I'm kind of serious at the same time
if you're gonna ask me to notify me when
this comes out notify me Mario come on
where you went
Luigi could have done a better job than
that anyway Ellie and Jackson went out
to run a couple errands Calvin is asleep
penny is asleep I'm literally gonna sit
down and play some Super Mario run just
to have some fun tonight it's gonna be a
lot of fun we've got some fun activities
planned we're gonna drive in the van
we're gonna go down and we're gonna have
a dinner with a bunch of our friends and
then we're gonna go to the premiere of
Star Wars row of one anyway
productivity I actually did a lot of
work today so I'm actually I'm doing ok
ok don't think I'm not doing anything
today cuz that's a lot give me some
credit just I have a surprise for you
oh hey anniversary a month later look at
that
pickup do you like it thinking I feel
like I'm Laurel or what did you just say
her freaking feeling ah so you guys
remember a month ago for Jared's
anniversary for our anniversary I got
him a ring and it's been done for a
while okay there's the difference look
at that isn't that crazy the difference
does it fit well yeah I mean it's the
exact same size that way this no that
looks good now you have really good
rings together I need to get mine
polished with our powers combined we
create mMmmm I like it wow I like it too
thank you you're very welcome but I have
another surprise get out of town you're
gonna like it better what I got more wax
for our wax boss
that's for your eyebrows uh-huh look
good grab set for tonight what are you
guys doing hi pan girl I do like my ring
thanks for picking it up for me all
right which one of you are gonna be the
lucky winners that I'm gonna throw a
snowball at Kelvin okay show me help
yeah yeah okay so what you do you just
pull this see just like that now open it
up and throw the snowball close can you
guys see this you open it see just
scrape the snowball you open it up that
we should I throw it up at ya but we are
Calva shy throw to you one two three
okay now you try it
doli just give up you have pennies a
little bone but we put her inside from
it because she kept jumping on yeah I
kind of couldn't control all three so I
said just go in for a minute while we
play and then we'll let her out in a
minute when we're done
are you ready Kelvin are you ready okay
ready one two three all right round two
I am so excited for the summer we he'll
have so much grass so much room over
here to play and the summer you better
believe or you need to go down here with
black tarps or some food water cover
just and some snow you know oh and
Jackson you got your brother
all right hold on tight guys we played
in the snow today came in and this is
sliding inside ready 1 2 3 go
hi Calvin young bonkers today sorry kids
funny go oh it's a little softer around
the bin no for Calvin I'll do a softer
turn don't like Calvin roll want you to
go I'll do faster after I get Calvin off
Shh spin Freddy one hold on to you go
one two three hey Jax you turn Calvin
really wants to stay on one two three
ready for the oven really wants to get
on this is perfect because it's like
holding in it's like in between the
blanket oh they're so cute what you go
oh you guys are happy looks you're tired
you two you're fun
uh how about you all three get in and
all you dad I pooped okay mom get in and
I'll pull you all gather round kids
mommy who's got you ready here
that's not probably as fun as exciting
as yours I am so glad that we did the
hard work for that record live it is
yeah level the where it has little
grooves inside of it really do if you
guys didn't know I do risky business
about every single morning and if we had
those grooves that would totally throw
off the sliding look at his smile
thank you oh he seems to enjoy it though
he stirs our enjoy it though you won't
do it again
okay I know you are oh my gosh they're
like holding on to each other for dear
life ha ha ha ha crisis averted we can
all eat we had a little group going to
eat and then it slowly turned into more
which is awesome the battery starting we
gotta hurry that was not a close the
funniest part I thought I was an
attorney like oh we're like I doesn't
matter if you're there we're going we
just turned in literally cars Rakata
for 25 people we're gonna go Cheesecake
Factory they don't take reservations but
Jared has called for the last three days
to try and be considered just saying hey
there's a group coming bigger coming we
got there and it's like a three-hour
wait series could go to food court
luckily for Buca di Beppo is open so
we're all gonna go there thank you guys
you guys don't see any cops D and Mayan
texted the group like tons of people I'm
like and I don't even know who brought
back us maybe want to see the ice guys
all just biting a baby
Davie yes David they're like boo gonna
freaking whine I'm like oh this is not
gonna be woody
yeah it's okay Mike
it's bigger and bigger like every five
minutes someone else alright
- hi - that is a wrap on dinner
everyone's bellies are full or at least
I'm going to pretend that the bag made a
lot of people here did everyone have a
good time was this fun is this a do
again watching me pal
thank you for Steven guys for putting
this on I'm so excited oh my gosh we
made it works in tomorrow yeah bump it
up ah oh
using the combine
what are we trying to do I think they're
just gonna close shop
I can't do it I can't do it your body
face Jared oh my god body at the same
time you do the face oh Jesus
hi Jared
I'm in a 3d movie and I don't have it
were they this movie's not like this you
know everyone has her glasses on but me
what the heck I have no idea how this
happens I'm removing material right now
I can't find my glasses where'd it go
I don't sit in the back hardly ever and
I got back here and I thought oh my
goodness like this is so cool Decius
leaned back and then after a second jack
is like yeah you're see he's got what
there's a heater back here the movie was
so good seriously all of you CVX
brothers thank you so much for putting
that on and letting us be a part of it
it was so fun seriously like the Star
Wars movie was really really great I
really enjoyed it
the one part I didn't like very much
though was when Rey came in if you don't
want to listen you better stop now okay
well I'm just saying yes spoiler alert
okay ray comes in with her lightsaber
she forgets how to use the Force you
know that's a huge part of the last
movie
spoiler alert there - I didn't like how
Darth Maul only had one blade I know I
guess the good thing is Liz - I know
some people will really like it some
fans will be kind of disappointed oh my
goodness it is 3:00 in the morning and
we finally pulled into the garage so we
are going to call it a night thank you
so much CVX live thank you so much to
all of our friends who had dinner with
us and watch the movie with us it was so
much fun I can't doggie we're gonna go
to bed cuz we're so tired thanks for
watching I'm wonderful night
bye
