that educational game is turned into
dodgeball oh I caught it that means
you're out
oops Oh Oh ready
headshot ha ha ha yeah I'm talking to
you right now you oh you got me right
where it counts hi this is le Mika I
just received my Carters and ash Kosh
order yesterday in the mail and when I
opened up on my sheet of what I ordered
none of that is in the bag I have a lot
of girl clothes in the bag and
unfortunately I don't have any girls to
clothe them perfect thank you so I am on
hold for customer service because
yesterday I have got my shipment from
Carter's and ash Kosh but look at all
the girl clothes that came not what I
ordered and they are not pregnant like I
did the shipping faster so that I could
I have the kids as clothes here and now
I kind of Sabbath or not actually I'll
get it worked out I just received my
Carter's and oshkosh shipment yesterday
none of the stuff in it is what I
ordered I was wondering if we could work
this out guys sure well I do apologize
about that ma'am thank you so much for
helping very welcome thank you you too
bye bye yeah we got it fixed okay so you
send this stuff back but this is what I
ordered so this should be here in a few
days I got a bodysuit for Calvin jeans
for Jackson and a few shirts for the
kids please pull up those for Jackson
but that's what I ordered so hopefully
that those will be here really soon yay
stinks and stuff like that happens but
we got a fix so we're good
there you go Jackson has never been
wanting to be like I wanted
the camera Kelvin has from a long time I
feel like we haven't been able to show a
lot of the true Calvin because when he
sees the camera he just wants it doing
what he normally does Calvin can you
sing jingle bells hey jingle bells
jingle bells jingle sing it you don't
want no fun you do you know that goes in
your pocket snowman okay we've got a lot
of heels
this is we're at the top of our yard you
got this little hill we have another
little hill then we have the long hill
all the way down through to go on this
one not faster just love all right if
you see our tracks we have trucks all up
our back of our yard we just write down
the whole yard come on good all right I
got you warmed up ready for you to go
all the way to the top of our yard all
the way down okay let's go get you all
set
look at it
so I just had some really awesome phone
calls if I saw Ellie and Jackson out
here having a blast while Calvin takes a
nap I'm like I can't let these guys have
some fun so Jackson you know what we're
gonna have some fun together okay
let's go find us girls living we're
gonna go
ah ready miss penny Calvin just woke up
so why don't we go get him
I think you'll be so happy to see you
let's go get him
hello you're Cal where's Penn
Keva kisses ah that's nice go get penny
a kiss I love hearing him say hmm make
sure you guys go out to eat let's go
yeah what is this called
Wow can you believe that did you hear
him say hat Calvin you're talking you
say ball and hat and mom and dad but
just do you say the Hat hat good job
you're learning new words every day
hello so we are going out to lunch with
mom and dad because we are actually
making our way over to the cemetery to
visit grandpa and add some things to his
headstone so we're going to lunch before
that and what exactly are we putting on
the head stuff
well if you'll look to your right all of
these little light-up things right there
and these flowers and this week oh very
cool awesome okay we'll grab a bite to
eat and then we'll go visit grandpa
you
you
she's did it she's doing it ha ha we
were trying to get up this hill oh I
think we pretty much did good Wow dad
said I couldn't do it but me if it got
proved him wrong um so snowy out there
the Rose this smell has been snowing all
day but now it's really sticking so that
tonight will get tons all right boys you
know the name of the game we've got
cards right here and we've got to roll
the dice ball thing and whatever Keller
lands on top we have to pick okay Calvin
has his own section of card colors
coping those back when when he had he's
done with okay roll the dice and see
what color lands on top green okay pick
the card from green oh you want to do
blue oh that just so happens that you
picked blue okay pick the blue one what
does it say
it says find something purple can you
find something purple Jackson Oh does
Calvin have something purple there's
something purple good job okay Calvin
your turn can you roll the dice through
it e good job that works okay orange
Calvin can you find the orange one let
me help you it's right here can you pick
this card Calvin pick that card good job
and what does it say it says patch your
head seven times one two three four five
six seven
can you do that oh it's your turn can
you pat your head seven times first one
three four five six seven good job okay
roll it green can you find the green
cards here good job pick one
okay what is what do you see on the card
oh yeah let's see what it says about the
mouse huh
squeak like a mouse can you squeak like
a mouse good job
mouse is that what a mouse sounds like
moose moose
cheese cheese I like cheese I'm a mouse
moose are you cooking up some dinner
okay roll it one more time
green again we're I'm gonna roll it's
daddy's turn ready whoo
red ah play peek-a-boo
can we play peek-a-boo okay educational
game is turned into dodgeball oh I
caught it that means you're out
OOP Shh I gotcha haha Oh
ready headshot hahahahahaha gotcha
hey you you holding the doggy yeah I'm
talking to you Ryan are you oh you got
me right where it counts hey you I'm
talking to you does it make me a bad
father
that all I want to do Dargis I think
people like hearing you laugh young man
wait wait Jackson Jackson wait wait
Calvin wait wait wait come just ahead
who's that funny boys I'm gonna get you
I'm gonna get you Calvin
I'm gonna get you I'm gonna do well
aren't these two kids just the cutest
Calvin just wrestled Jackson and need us
to get on him and kissed him I would
have filmed it but there's too many buns
too many buns in the air it's just
really cute seeing how playful Jackson
and Calvin are like look at that you see
it they really just play together life
is just really fun right now
I just feel really good right now
because Calvin's old are his sleeping me
it's just really nice cuz he's not like
baby baby and Jackson's grown up I mean
when we brought capital from the
hospital Jackson was only 16 months old
so it was like having two babies the
life is just really good and it was
interesting my friend Laura and today on
Facebook she talked about how she has
two kids she also has a little angel
baby Logan in heaven and she had talked
about her shoes baby hungry but she kind
of thinks she's crazy for me and baby
hungry right now I was like I feel the
same way I feel like I got these two
kids and life is good and I can't and
I'm happy and it's fun but part of me
knows that I do want more kids I think
that's another hard thing about being a
parent is knowing when and timing and
does it does it matter if you have three
thousand age is it better to have a gap
and all of her friends were commenting
and a lot of people said we haven't gaps
and we loved it a lot of people said we
have three clothes and it was really
but we loved it and social right or
wrong but it's just really interesting
is something that Jared and I have
talked a lot about is when would be a
good time to try it another something we
don't know what it's going to be like
trying to get pregnant if it'll be real
easy it'll be hard for any of you guys
that have more than one child like how
do you feel do you are you glad that you
have them close in age are you glad you
took a break anyway these two kids have
my heart and now it's for sure
okay mr. talkative say that you see
grandpa right you say ball John go see
Papa say Papa say Papa hmm Jackson give
grandpa a birthday kiss my kalvin kalvin
give grandpa birthday kiss
happy birthday grandpa no save papa he
has been same Papa all day long and it's
been driving me crazy won't do it on
camera say Papa
and there is dinner it is 8:30 Jax never
goes to bed this late I just got off the
phone with a lot of my family members I
like called a bunch of people and then
it led to another person and Calvin to
bed and Jackson laid on my bed on my lap
as I was on the phone as he was watching
TV he did get him in bed I remember
growing up always my mom would be on the
phone and I'd be laying on her lap and I
always remember listening and thought it
was really sweet I need to get him in
bed but all day my roast isn't cooking
the kids ended up eating I'd like a
banana cookie and I got the middle for
dinner I'm gonna try and feed Jackson's
two hair before he goes to bed but so
yeah me I'm so excited homemade homemade
crock pot roast is so good I really
don't do much I just put it in the crock
pot with just a little bit of broth like
a little bouillon cube salt and pepper
odds and vegetables so that's about it
so that is it for the night thank you
guys so much for watching thank you so
much to my sweet family
and my friends and you sweet viewers for
being so supportive sometimes being in I
the I of people is nerve-racking a lot
comes with it and it can be stressful
but I'm really glad that we are able to
bring awareness to this in the
infertility world and I'm grateful that
Jay and I are able to do something to
give back and I'm just so happy and
grateful on my channel tomorrow it will
be the cinnamon rural recipe that me and
my mom did so make sure to check that
out that'll be up on my channel I'll see
you guys tomorrow thanks for watching
bye good night sweet penny good night
girl
