hmm oh good job now show me good job
okay see ya later squirt
he just said see you later dinosaurs
no can't lose the poor try this is a
very important factor and this is not
for penny penny know when you get you a
toy she can't run where's your toy
finder - I gotta find her tonight
good there you go grabber attractor
see ya I love you everybody but hi link
hi Jackson
hi mr. Calvin are we ready to go our
boys are working crazy today
goodbye egg we're gonna get out of the
house we're going to the mom one of the
best things to do during the holidays
dad I feel like is that the Hickory
Farms sausage and carbs and cheese so if
you were to go pick some up Jackson's
coat this was one of my favorite things
Jackson wore I love it it's this little
wool jacket and it's good to be around
for a long time so I got a zip that up I
can't believe how big your daddy's say
tada we got this a Crazy eight a year
ago I love it and it's just crazy now it
fits Calvin and it looks so good I like
it
she sanitize your hands we didn't go to
the mall often growing up but when we
did my mom would always get us a pretzel
and we would dip it in cheese and as a
little girl I hated it and I shouldn't
tub and now that I'm older this is the
best tree ever so we are sitting down
eating a little snack it's hot to have a
new one out it's a toasted almond crunch
that you dip in caramel oh good
kids you're eating a little hot dog
version and we are learning to be happy
with what we get kids got a fun little
drink and we got a lemonade and we are
happy with that huh Jackson took a
minute this is so fun fun both our
toddlers are laying across us and hey
guys how's it going I didn't just
sitting here in my office I just
finished up a bunch of stuff with the
contest and now I think I am all done
all the videos well they're all already
live for you guys now but they all
should be scheduled for me in my present
time right now ready to go at six
o'clock Mountain Standard time tonight
now there's an issue here you can't see
it quite yet but my display is now over
here you know what let me actually
switch over to this camera ready okay so
I am right here I have to show you this
so this is the canon g7x mark ii and
this is the camera that we use to film
almost every single day but there is a
little bit of an issue with it are you
ready for this yeah this is like about
to fall off it's literally hanging on by
that screw and by this ribbon so I'm
gonna see if I can go to the store and
fix it like I fix the other one I should
just need a screw for this guy right
here but maybe what I'll do is I'll take
penny with me and we'll go fix it okay
so I'm here at Walmart and I found this
guy right here it's just like an optical
repair kit and what
I had before was a little bit different
so I'm hoping that this still works but
it just has like a little tiny
screwdriver and then one tiny screw that
will fit in here so it's five bucks it's
certainly a lot cheaper than it's having
to send in for repairs or go into like
canon to get repaired kit so that's a
little hack for you hopefully this one
works and the other one thing that was a
little bit different okay
welcome to Jared's repair shop today we
are going to be repaying a canon g7x
mark ii with a very simple optical
repair kit i can get this open next
episode is going to be detailing how to
open an optical repair kit from Walmart
oh there we go
okay so as I showed you before this guy
is just like totally gone and it's
mostly because the screws right here I
need to tighten the screw a little bit
and then that ribbon right there it's
holding on at the bottom I just need to
add the screw right here and time this
guy up we should be all set if I
remember correctly the tiniest screw
that comes in that box is the one that
fits in there properly so let's go here
and this is the most difficult part is
because none of these are like magnetic
so getting it in let's give it a go okay
so that is all good okay there we go
much better oh my gosh it's incredible
how much better this is oh you're not so
flimsy anymore okay see a cheap way to
fix the back of the back of the canon
g7x mic - okay now we're gonna go back
to this camera ready there we go
oh my gosh it feels so much better to
hold in the hand when I'm not trying to
balance the display on the other side
okay so now that that's all done I've
got some sweet Taco Bell I've got my Dr
Pepper now I'm going to play Final
Fantasy 15 because I have one hour tell
Ellie and the kids get home so I'm going
to play to my heart's content like now
as a trainee see the cameras on to it
seeing a scene I wish you may kiss me
things wish you a Merry Christmas see
with your hands
and then you hike this is how we do it
this song sing it again
there is nothing sweeter than that
moment right there when you have your
baby in your arms asleep and there just
totally with you your cheeks are so cold
your hands are so cold my cheeks are
cold
no no cheater so cold yeah what about my
bone sheiks
yeah Jackson just got inside from
playing outside with his friend and his
hands were so cold it was so funny the
first thing you want to do is like I'll
take my shoes off today I take my coat
off daddy take my shirt off I didn't
know why you wanted to strip down and
adjust your shirt but then his hands and
his cheeks are so cold just take one by
Jackson do it daddy's done Jackson just
just do what I do okay ready
watch well you got to eat your dinner
first okay now look do it do what I do
ready watch okay now you do it keep
going
yeah Jackson literally that's the only
way you were getting him to eat his
dinner right now is by having him copy
what I do and there was a little tantrum
beforehand because he wanted to do
something other than eat dinner we
utilized all of our resources and
parental knowledge and mimicking is what
we came up with can you do it can you do
what daddy did here you can do it right
here I'll get it for you mm-hmm good job
now show me good job okay see you later
squirt he just said see you later
dinosaur penny penny penny
today stop nursing the die but she's
never done that to me
you can look anything with nipples oh
yeah you can milk anything with nipples
hey peg
don't bite dad nipples that's not nice
mom she's gone crazy for you watch will
the Apple watch survive in a lab I don't
think so so it is now 7:20 in the
evening and all of the finalists videos
are up and I feel great
I feel really really good yeah much
better I feel that things are kind of
resolved and I think that's a good thing
and I think it's gonna turn out fair and
I think it's gonna turn out great and I
think the contest is running swimmingly
right now
we've disabled the comments on YouTube
but people are tweeting me and talking
about everyone's stories and it's just
so encouraging and it just gives us all
hope and that's I think that's one of
the greatest things about this contest
personally I kind of feel like because
things are going smooth now I'm very
excited for these five couples yes mom
and dad just came over here oh are you
wanted you want to make sure you say
hello I want to make sure my eyes were
and dad high-five
okay so here's the deal I only just got
Calvin asleep I just got Jackson asleep
we're ready to finally watch a movie
together and we're gonna go over to
Bonnie and Joel's house but we're not
gonna wear this this isn't comfy be a
little I mean this is concepts I want to
be a little more comfortable
so let's write you this ring bye
do it screams that our kids are asleep
where are your shoes young lady okay
okay can you get the door two more of
these we await you've got the matching
tops
don't you wanna hug us how we just pull
enjoy we made these cookies today
they're so good
ah yes chips and salsa look at this oh
my gosh Hickory Farms like oh thanks
guys revulsion movie yes I'm so excited
look it's been a crazy week but fun an
emotional roller coaster every week like
in a really really great way but now
it's like it's kind of just fun to you
know let my hair
I just turn on shake your button
work it that's embarrassing
we hope you have a wonderful day be sure
to check out I'll have a playlist down
in the description below to watch all of
the finalists videos a lot of you guys
have voted already we appreciate that
but make sure you check it out thanks
for watching bye
