good morning guys and happy Monday you
know what I always say the best way to
start your day is with a kiss from your
wife Bess mwah
and then a really good breakfast
something like that we've got some
hashbrowns we've got eggs oh they're the
eggs we've got some bacon cooking I
don't know where anything is I'm sorry
about that
there's the bacon so we're about to sit
down and eat some good good breakfast
and then Jackson guess what do you know
what you're doing after this yeah we're
gonna go to your appointment we're gonna
make sure everything's good cool that
sound good good morning penny I miss
pretty penny how are you oh she did
really good last night she only woke up
once to go potty and then her and I have
been hanging out in my office this
morning getting some work done no he
wants to sell an event he doesn't want
you to put him in the seat anymore
he knows that dear all right so last
night I took the car seat coverings off
of the car seats and I washed them I do
this every once in a while it's been
probably a few months since I've done it
don't those look so good and clean and
new I just unzip them and wash them and
now what I need to do is i unzipped the
covering so a lot of people have been
asking lately on I think Instagram I've
seen but a Chico Kiko I think it's
Keiko's Perez I say anyway I unzipped it
it's like the 360 I think as what it's I
don't know that's what I have I need to
clean that bad boy up and then put the
seats back in car seats and garbage cans
like if your car is stinky and you have
cleaned it seriously it's like clean the
car seats like it holds so much smell
like look at that so I'm cleaning that
and then last night all of my trash cans
in my house I have like bags too over so
it doesn't stink but I haven't used any
bags since we've moved in so I sprayed
the cans wipe them all out and then put
bags over someone with your steroids in
the bag and not the actual can anyway
those two things like wipe those cans
out wipe your car seats out makes life
so much better I should have washed
these I actually think I should take
them off but okay
gotta clean and you know this is
Jackson's car seat because there's a
rock my little rock lovin boy I love his
loved rocks he was just a baby Jackson
what do you see buddy that a snail
what fishies do you see Oh aha love them
there's some cool fishes in here huh
who's this Jackson oh we scared him away
yeah Nemo who's that that look like dory
yeah so Jackson I just got back from his
debt disappointment and things actually
went really really great I was really
happy with how it went the dentist took
an x-ray and found out that the pulp
inside of his tooth looked really good
and that there's just some blood it's
it's what happened is that his tooth
just kind of has like it's the same
thing as like a bruise so his tooth
isn't dead the root looks good he said
there may be some more browning but more
than likely it will it'll lighten back
up so we're really happy with that and
excited with that it's really kind of
like a best-case scenario given the
circumstances and like I said I wasn't
too worried about it this just kind of
like reaffirms everything we're gonna
keep an eye on a few things like whether
there's pain or swelling or bleeding
over the next few months is what the
dentist said but all in all nothing to
worry about and we're glad that's the
case Jackson is on the potty right now I
am crossing my fingers I left him for
some privacy hopefully he will go poop
he started doing a little dance he's
like I caught pee I don't want to poop
but I'm like he never says that so I
think you really needs to poop so if I'm
on the toilet finish up the dishes
hopefully he goes with the move I feel
like we got a little lazy because we
were moving we were busy and then we
ended up putting him in a diaper for a
minute and then he ended up wanting to
use the diaper and we kind of
backtracked a little bit in the last few
days he's just been an underwear and
he's done great peeing is awesome we
just gotta get poked out and he was
scared for a long time but he seems much
better now Jackson let's go sit for one
more minute and we'll try can you do it
can you do it wait feelin okay let's try
one more time
we are at the jumper we are gonna be
with our friends do the cover you guys
ready I got my kitty let's break
ready 1 2 3
whoo okay we we've sat here a lot over
the past couple months haven't we dad we
have if you look back in the videos
where we've ever liked montage and I'm
sitting right here I'm sitting over
there and we're talking and everything
dad and I have been preparing for this
day and this week and this month that's
what we've been doing over the past
couple months we've picked our finalists
and we're very excited I'll explain this
in other videos as well but in order to
vote just hit the thumbs up on the video
that you enjoy the most video will be up
for five days and then we'll turn off
the thumbs up and we'll tally all those
and keep those all up to date and every
video will have the same amount of time
in order to accumulate those those votes
so that's essentially how you vote we've
seen a few questions about that okay I'm
nervous I'm excited I hope they answer
their phone okay thanks dad thanks mom
you're welcome see ya yeah Noah
he doesn't even care
he's like like doing I'm playing I play
it Calvin cares
my boys are you good are you guys having
fun good that's a big draft you know his
name is George can you say George yeah
show daddy here teeth the one that's
bruised is I'm not crazy car aah mmm
Jackson I'm proud of you today you have
like a really good day today
he went the entire day without an
accident and without a diaper and last
night oh you got dry undies all last
night I'm proud of you high five dude
we're gonna do the same thing tomorrow
aren't we
okay come give me hugs very ready for
that good bang Oh we'll show you guys
soon the project Jackson hour yeah I'm
excited
yeah like why I know it's just we don't
know what this is gonna do okay as you
can probably tell things were a little
stressful there and a lot of you guys
express your concerns about the
competition we want to solidify a few
things and we're actually making a
couple changes based on feedback and
everything and again like I said we want
to make this the best thing possible you
know this is all about us being able to
give back it's not about how we can
benefit from it it's not about us
monetizing we're not monetizing this at
all this is about giving back on the
experience and we're so grateful to be
able to do this and we want to do it
right and so that's what we're doing
right now we've wrote down a few things
that we want to read and hopefully that
will clarify the contest and and go over
a few things with you guys to all the
finalists yes and we laughed behind
everyone's on board everyone's excited
yeah we hope that you guys will all be
on board as well throughout this down so
that we could be just very to-the-point
and clear and not stumble over our
thoughts okay first we are going to be
uploading the remaining finalists
tomorrow evening at 6 p.m. Mountain
Standard Time all of them all of them
the rest of them so you guys will have
the opportunity to more quickly compare
one finalist with another secondly it's
not necessary to thumbs down a video
that you've decided not to vote for
please vote for someone instead of
against someone third everyone has a
different approach to life's hardships
just because someone takes in a
different approach that is different
from yours doesn't mean that they are
not deeply affected by the hardship
because of this we have disabled
comments on the finalist videos we
talked about doing this initially but we
decided against it fortunately a few
people were hurtful in their comments
while our first finalist took a humorous
approach to their infertility challenge
negative comments are still hurtful and
these people have taken a great risk to
discuss a very personal trial in front
of literally a million people complete
strangers please express your vote and
your support with just with a simple
thumbs up if you don't like the video
you don't have to thumbs it down but a
thumbs up for the person that you are
voting for
that's the contest everyone's going to
have the same amount of time that they
have their video uploaded the video that
was uploaded yesterday for this vlog
will be taken down a day early so
everyone has the same amount of
I to accumulate votes and to compare all
of the bed every single finalist that we
talked to tonight every single one of
them said because we told them how it
would go and the first one that was
already up and every single one of us
said well as long as it started the
others yes I'm on board and I'm ok that
was a whole door thank you everyone was
very concerned about the other about the
other finalists before themselves and I
just very emotional and I made me
grateful that those are the people that
we picked yeah you know I just
reaffirmed everything that we we went
through so we have contacted the
finalists we have gone over hundreds of
hours hundreds of applications you guys
have taken your time and of submitted
videos we sincerely wish that we could
help everybody out and we would love to
strive and continue to do something like
this in the future thank you so much for
involving your emotions and this is like
we've been doing this for three years
but we're still really new at it we're
still learning things you know this is
LR like we've done something like this
so thank you for being involved and
we'll see you guys tomorrow
thank you excited but why
