good job flush the toilet now do
yourself a Tori victory pee dance that's
the wrong that's the wrong movement
buddy that's for number two
hello girl we are home
well hypen oh you're so good not to jump
up and eat his cookie you're the slowest
cookie eater I know I enjoyed shirt so
much today so the kids go to class but
before that we sit for an hour to do our
service
Calvin saw on my lap the whole hour and
what did we do Cal we hugged and we
kissed and he shared his treated me and
it just was like really sweet like I had
a really good like hour specifically
with you you just were so cute so we had
another good snowfall yesterday just a
couple inches last night and we're
shuffling the driveway and Jackson is my
good helper today are you trying to
shuffle those steps you don't need to
shuffle those steps over here let's do
the driveway I mean look what he did
like that's pretty good for a
two-year-old almost three-year-old
you're my good little helper huh is
penny that helping - yeah don't you
throws down boy you got me you got me
good no don't you throw another one
don't you throw another one don't you
throw another one - yeah ha you got me
you got me okay should we so we start
shuffling some more buddy all right
penny you're gonna be my helper you get
in there right there
and
jared is downloading file so that we can
sail again and finish all of the video
submissions for the IVF parent and he is
so funny she falls asleep on her but
then she moves on to the horrid or for
crazy girl her neighbor was so nice he
brought us over some dog books that were
gonna read he said that this one is like
the best book ever he loved it
ok so I'm excited to start reading it ok
try not a little puppy she's been the
considering she's a pup she's been
really good but for sure that I don't
want any batteries out that so we want
to make sure all those but yeah like you
said all things considering there
haven't been too many accidents
especially not whining too hard yeah I
think we only have to prove back since
the first day so no no no I'm not gonna
let you wake her just like I don't like
when people wake you up
Oh
fade again bad - yeah that's good - oh
you love your daddy oh no no no no no no
no no okay we have gone through about 30
or 40 more videos and it is time for
these kids to hit the hay you ready to
go to bed
no so we're gonna put these kids to bed
and then we're gonna continue watching
some more videos Jackson did you have
fun with me today
what no do you need to go pee are you
doing the potty dance oh yeah you're
definitely gonna have to pee after
drinking all that okay let's go pee and
stop come on let's go come on come on we
gotta go pee come on Jackson we gotta go
pee this way come on come on right in
here that's the toilet look dick look
we'll flip this down it'll be really
great wait don't you can't pee you're
gonna take your pants off and underwear
off first buddy you can't just pee in
your pants you're crazy
whoa okay good job flush the toilet now
do yourself a Tori victory pee dance
that's the wrong that's the wrong
movement buddy that's for number two you
want to do a frog okay do the Frog okay
oh you do a frog I'll do a big problem
you show me first and then I'll do the
big frog
ribbit Wow good job came on over here
leapfrog get ready set go
Kili frog over mommy I don't your self
whoa good job okay Jackson let mommy and
daddy show you how it's really done
look at that face I can't even handle it
that look kind of looks scary
someone should mean that rain do yeah
he's a good girl good girl
you being a good girl pity here you look
good girl she can't be scary she's got
jingle bells around her neck I love them
oh that's a spot right there mama get
your spot right there mama
I love when puppies do the head tilt
that's like my favorite yeah I got it I
got their head tilt is the late night we
are still watching video after video
Calvin just woke up his teeth he's
bummed his teeth are bug gonna be snotty
so he's gonna cuddle us all we finished
these videos look at his eyes are huge
oh okay
he's gonna be a helper with all of us
whoa you can be a helper this has been
an emotionally draining process it has
made us gone through such a huge range
of emotions just like we said yesterday
we've laughed we've cried we feel the
pain in at least to some small extent I
mean we've literally gone through
hundreds of videos this weekend I guess
I want to say that we've gone to great
lengths to make this evaluation process
honorable real there and fair yes and
very fair and you know we want you guys
to know this that we've done the best
that we can to make this the best
possible thing and when it comes down to
it you know we're human too and I just I
hope you guys take that in as we go
through this and make these decisions we
have narrowed it down to a good handful
of people and today as this video goes
up as this video is uploaded later
tonight we will upload the first
finalist and can you imagine
oh my gosh like yeah it's it's gonna be
crazy but like it's hard picking just a
few people because you want everyone to
it thank you better that's the thing
that's what we've said is you want
everyone to win after looking at all
these videos every single person oh if
we had the means and the magic and the
blessings to give each one of you you
would all be parents and have your kids
do I say anything thank you
that's where I get it from in case you
guys are wondering you guys so very much
for taking the time with your emotions
and your time like this is emotional for
you guys just as much if not more than
us so stay tuned the next week it's
going to be exciting but it's going to
be emotional and we're excited to do
this so over the next week we will be
uploading finalists every single day in
the evening and stay tuned for that
we'll give you guys more updates and
feedback and everything make sure to
follow us on Twitter and Instagram so
we'll be doing lots of more live updates
then yes I know there's so much for
watching today and we'll see you
tomorrow
