cookie and cow know he's ready for bed
Merry Christmas would you guys like to
meet Santa Claus what are you gonna ask
for your birthday
Jax I was gonna ask Santa for a toy for
his birthday that's that's good where
does he say is it I love Santa Claus he
has gloves on
do you like Santa are you ready to meet
Santa Claus boy go say hi to him
forever
you sit next to Jackson alright ok good
job Jackson let's go
Thank You Santa Claus you're welcome
joining one candy cane good job Jackson
ok let's go follow Mom what did you tell
him did he say you're a good boy good
are you a big boy this year
good show me the reindeer that you made
that's the reindeer that we made it our
craft table or to get started for the
Christmas party huh
Wow welcome to our Christmas party we
are so excited to have everyone here we
have a lot of people help get this set
up so we're so grateful to everyone
because we're grateful to see you guys
here soon as bright smiling faces this
really good morning and that was a wrap
on the church Christmas party what we
had so many people in chairs and now
we're taking them all down we feel the
whole gentleman is crazy 400 people we
are home and alive and that means we
survived the church Christmas party yeah
oh I say we had anywhere from 350 to 400
people I cuz they didn't use the upper
club I think that there was probably
like 300 300 easy 300 I think it was
easy 300 cuz we had over 300 chairs in
the gym and most every one of them was
filled yeah that one's my friend that
said there's two couples yeah yeah we
were kind of like in charge of the
entertainment and he works for like a
food company so he was in charge of the
food so good when you do these kind of
things you're always busy and because
it's a food event you never really get a
chance to eat so Ellie and I didn't eat
while we were there because we were so
busy I was like in charge of the
entertainment and the emcee which i
think is fitting I agree I enjoyed it
yeah but we got a little chat rate to go
so we could eat when we got home so what
did you enjoy breakfast do you have fun
with your friends good Jackson Oh what
was your favorite part about this
morning Christmas who did you see call
us and our Christmas who did you see Hey
oh so cute that he never sees the Santa
he ha it's Christmas what did you ask
Santa for anything Oh Oh candy cane did
you get one oh good alright I have
assembled the team we've got the whole
dream team right here and we have little
papers for notes and everything for
evaluation and we are gonna sit down
together as a family and we're going to
go through all of these videos this like
Lisa mentioned yesterday this is going
to be a really difficult thing for us to
do as it is so difficult for these
people to put their life out there to
put
themselves on the line and and to do
this and we're so grateful for all of
the entries we're so grateful for all of
the people that have have done this and
taking the time to enter this contest
and we're so excited to to go through
this and to meet you guys and to hear
your stories it's going to be fun it's
going to be difficult but we're going to
do this and we can't wait to go through
every one so we've got it all set up for
the TV and we're all going to watch the
videos together and we're gonna have a
good time with each other
what's happening what happened to your
back door Calvin and I see penny what
happen we get a little beverage is fine
but she's so many that we need to give
her back
oh my gosh look at all these footprints
she is like late in a month
what we happened we get graphic well so
do you remember all of these snow that
we had well it's warm and it has melted
and so that means everything is mud hey
you you're muddy Little Miss he know
what we are so so much building a dog
shower oh my gosh look at her paws she's
like I'm not good mean we need to give
you that give you a bath okay before you
come inside let's give you a good bath
okay good listener so what if I'm
wearing my Christmas sweater two days in
a row Ellie don't give me that look
okay you are your onesie all the time
never heard someone at the party say hey
to sound so aren't you to wear your when
do to the Christmas parties I know
that's my family not for sure I actually
it was so funny a lot of people gave me
compliments about my sweater but I don't
think they were necessarily the
compliments they were just like oh
you're wearing that sweater today but
that's exactly why I'm wearing that
sweater I like it I think it's so funny
and I'm totally getting more for the
holiday season we are taking a break
we've watched about 70 videos of your
guys's applications for the infertility
contest has been very emotional it's
been microwave laughs we've cried it's
just all the emotions and it can be
really hard for everyone involved so we
appreciate all of you guys's support
with it but holy cow yeah it's it's
gonna be a long tough but very
worthwhile journey all right are you
guys ready because I'm ready is penny
ready I have no idea we have a dog
shower in the garage but there's a few
things we need to do to it before we
actually use on her I'd rather get a
different faucet so it's not
pounding pressure on her so we're gonna
be there in our shower and I didn't
using my dog Sony's brush that I had her
all growing up so feel very special you
go grab her I got the towel okay then
here's the deal will hold your horses
hold your horses your mouth is dirty
your paws are all turning let's get you
in the shop okay okay come on it's okay
it's okay come on it's okay mommy's in
there C's oh you've got a treat Jay King
it's okay girl we're just going to get
your feet
yep you even treat that's okay yes and
decide right your pods off okay I should
have just taken off my clothes but just
give me two your pies don't you just
shoot dirty from my carpet
whoop a nice oaky way but Richard
Ellie's know before we let her out we're
gonna dry your pods going and we're
going to give you good brushes I feel
bad you are sopping wet fur rates on
your pies oh the get the white Ella has
paws all over it
hey Dad all right not the stadium okay
that's class Kim here go right job get
there yeah yeah there you go
cuter head there you go I trained you
off you're like a baby I can't let you
go wet paws
you were a disaster of a mess you know
this miss penny don't you want to be a
little more dignified than going all
crazy in the mud like that I want to go
get penny today at the top of the hill
uh-huh
and I went up there and I turned back
round I said never mind I will let you
be you she was laying in the mud and
when we step in the mud and literally
you just think it's like quicksand and
your boots stuck rolling oh okay there
you go
that feel good we bought a brush and
this is my fit this is my favorite one
you've had that for years and years and
years it's cool that you get to use that
cuz that was yours when you were a kid
you know oh I did yeah pretty miss penny
don't feel good pretty penny I mean we
didn't use soap or anything because you
know I shampoo too much this wishes
being winter it's dry here door light
dryer but just a good rinse yeah I want
to get a different faucet for the
shadows out there so it's not pressure
on it like she would have floods with
that oh yeah
well and something that I can like pull
down to get close to it right now it's
just literally just the spigot and
that's like six feet high so it wouldn't
have been very good or crying Oh doing
good we should use this on her the other
brush I use like it like I feel like it
rips her hair oh this is a lot better
yeah
are you clean then you can show your
nice and good your paws are good I'll
feel so good look up here let's do this
let's do dis Judith now nine times out
of ten what would happen is we get the
dog all nice and clean and brushed and
dry and then they run outside and get
rolling in the mud all over again huh
that's what happening
yeah yeah oh that's good good good good
that's what you get you belly John go
get her other calls
yeah oh my gosh look at how dirty my
wrist that's just from carrying her in
oh and Santa Sam tweeted so that's what
she thought it but my wrist is so dirty
it's crazy okay spinning Jingle Bell
Rock time Kate ready we're gonna put
this on yeah Kate you guys on it's your
pretty penny
oh look penny penny buddy look at
everything oh no bye look at her little
jingles cuz it's Christmas time and
we're gonna hear her everywhere she goes
there you go that's actually not bad as
that as loud as I thought it would dad
okay she is all clean and ready for
another shower what are you guys doing
what are you doing whoo Kate and Cal
know he's ready for bed you guys I am
just cleaning I'm just sweeping up the
floor and mopping it and these kids ran
out of my bedroom chasing each other
laughing you guys are playing catch
Ellie easily could have played like 15
pranks on me by now because I've fallen
asleep like three times on the couch
while we are wrapping everything up look
at our kids our socks underwear pant
shirts socks did they just like strip
down and get their pajamas in there but
like I'm grateful for that like
especially after watching all these
videos I feel like Joe and I reflect a
lot on like our story in our situation
and I just I love my kids I'm so glad
that I have them and I can't wait to
hopefully I change someone's life like
this is or give them the opportunity to
and this is just really amazing all
these videos it's just been tearjerkers
all night oh absolutely I mean we always
are grateful Hannah and have a huge
appreciation for our kids and what we
went through but even more so
after watching these videos because you
know I don't think you ever forget but
it's not always on the front of your
memory the experiences that you go
through when you're going through
infertility well I've just learned a lot
about other people's stories as well
like people you know losing their babies
like at nine months and she's that come
along with other stuff I just
mind-boggling you guys are in our
thoughts and we're thinking about you as
we go through this whole experience not
only the ones who have entered but all
of you guys so with that we are going to
call it a night and we want to say we're
grateful for you guys we hope you have a
wonderful day and we will see you guys
tomorrow thanks for watching bye
