let me throw snowball at you mom come on
I'm gonna do it Betty sit right in the
face oh she's down for the cash
good morning and happy holidays everyone
I am donning my ugly Christmas sweater
and it's really not that ugly yeah you
know it's just kind of like I am a
presence Ellie I'm a present to you
here's my present to you
Ellie why aren't you wearing yours
a little bit oh man or did you see your
armaments from our friend Brad who sent
it to us that's pretty cool huh yeah oh
is it
no it's plastic that means you can play
with a little bit too no just play with
it you don't want to drop it
Ellie seriously though you need to put
on your ugly sweater so you can be a
gift to me okay well I am feeling
productive and good Calvin is taking a
nap and during that time I am going over
a new budget for the new year and Jordan
I have talked forever since we've been
married we do Dave Ramsey that's the
financial time that we follow and so
every month for seven years since we've
been married we have this little binder
and every month I write down everything
that we have to pay for whether it's
food clothes house phones just every
expense and then I estimate maybe what
we'll make and then I'll like kind of
see where we're at so I'm doing that
again but for the new year and I'm and
I'm doing even more stuff like this do
not really put clothes or makeup in
there I just knew just in my head like
you know every few months we'll be
buying some clothes and makeup stuff so
and I just put every little detail in
here and I'm really gonna try hard to
like stick to that budget and like I
said for seven years I've used this just
like notebooks and I always save them
they're in our tax folders that way it's
just I don't know I like to look back to
see where we were at like in college
days and step two but I went to Sam's
Club a few weeks ago
and they had like a set like a journal
set I just thought that this would be
really nice and fun to do it in even
hugs to penny be soft with her and I
thought this would be nice because every
year I get a full new
a binder but this like I'll just have
this like forever
and so I'm just excited to like start
new and have a bye JIT and put a doggie
budget in there because stuff always
comes up like with pets and I've known
of like a family and stuff so if you get
a little budget for penny and it's
expensive doc just bought some stuff for
you and it adds up crazy girl
so that's what we've been doing this
morning it feels really good just to
like get some stuff done
oh now this is the first like really big
snowfall of the season and I can't tell
you just grabbing the shovel and getting
outside and shoveling the walks brings
back so many memories of growing up and
being at home with my parents and be
like Jared go shovel walks before you go
to school
Jared go shovel a box before you go to
church there's something special about
doing it for the very first time at your
own place I kind of love it and I'm kind
of excited I know I was thinking I was
like you know there's probably some
walks out here that I could probably
shovel and I was thinking that's
actually a really good service thing to
do if you guys are thinking about things
that you can do for your neighbors or
anyone else if it's snow in there go
shuffle the walks before they do there's
nothing better than when you're rushing
to work and you see that your walks have
already been shoveled so I challenge you
guys if it's snowing where you are see
if you can shovel someone sidewalk or
their from their walkway or their
driveway or something like that it's
even better if you have a four-wheeler
and like a little shovel on the
four-wheeler like Joel and my
father-in-law do because then it goes
way faster
all right penny you're my helper we got
to get back to work okay can you grab
can you grab before me Congrats on can
you grab some come on get some snow
yeah I think it's pretty safe to say
that the plot works a lot better than a
shovel and a four-wheeler now if you
live in an area where you don't get a
lot of snow you may not know that
there's a few different kinds of snow
you got your fresh powder that's like
perfect for skiing and everything and
you've got your like hard snow like
almost ice but then you've got the snow
where there's just a little bit of
moisture inside of it and it is perfect
for packing and this ladies and
gentlemen is where you get your snowball
fights packing I'm just the best
snowballs ever and then take your
snowball
oh hell he just gave me the luck she
said no no she Shh means someone's
sleeping Calvin's awake he's smiling at
me come on Ellie come on let me throw a
snowball at you mom come on I'm gonna do
it ready set right in the face oh she's
down for the count
oh there's Jackson got you too Oh
where'd he go there there he is
so those if you didn't know those are
your different types of snow I'm charlie
just making all this up but we just
think these windows I'm in huge trouble
come on penny let me show you the
different kinds of snow oh she was
sleeping
she's a week now hi Sue penny girl
you're my helper today huh should we
throw snowballs should I teach you how
all about snowball fights huh here's
gonna be a big kahuna for Jackson he's
requested a very special snowball I mean
to throw at him got him yeah now if
you're not into the snowball variety
then this is perfect snow for making a
snowmen it glues those type of things
because it packs so stinkin did I get my
lipstick on so that I look like I'm
ready for a tea party this is called red
rage but it's more
to me does not look very alike thank you
this looks pink to me that's what
happens when the doorbell rings let's
try it again I think I knew you wanted
answers they should and now that was
very nice but Jackson came here we've
done we talked to us a few times when
the doorbell rings you can answer it but
don't you lie on the floor and scream
yes you need to ask ok ok
don't scream let me see your teeth
Labonte Oh dogs push back further oh
let's look at your teeth we need to
address something came here ok
smile for me do you see his brown tooth
right there guys he see the tooth the
front tooth when the neighbor dog not
Jackson over and he hit his lip a while
ago I we didn't notice that two like
three days ago and I was like oh no I
know it's it kind of it's heartbreaking
like it's really really sad because yeah
hey I'm all ready I'm all dolled up as
much as I can be I'm going to a tea
party me and my friend were in charge of
the Trinity days which is our church and
it's girls eight to twelve I think
something like that anyway a lot of
girls are there we're having a little
tea party stuff I have all dressed and
ready to go you got it guys we happy
answering doorbells our landscaper did
this so nice yeah love it and your
Christmas present still and yet you have
to open you can open me anytime Allie
you ready to go
let's go we've got the kids all bundled
up that we are gonna go outside
you ready Jackson
pretty cool huh did you have fun playing
in the snow with us in Calvin and Penny
yeah hey Jackson come here come sit down
next to me can you show me your teeth
one more time
so Jackson's tooth is just kind of
gotten to this point where it's just a
little bit brown so we have an
appointment scheduled as we're just kind
of wait for that to see what the dentist
said he said he want to make sure he
looks at it before he says anything so
does it hurt
yo are you tough what good it really
doesn't hurt you never complained about
it so that's why you wanted to say that
but you want to go to the dentist for
your tooth yeah that's a good idea I
think that'd be fun so yeah that's
Jackson's tooth I'm really actually not
worried about it we've had a lot of
friends and family who have had things
like that happen and it doesn't seem
like it's bad enough that it'll stay
Brown usually what will happen is the
light and backup and then when they have
their adult teeth you know nothing's
happened there so I'm not too worried
but we want to double-check and make
sure everything's good so oh my
Christmas present came early Oh shake
that booty shake that booty yes I do it
looks great it's gonna be thank you the
party you've been pooping on my party oh
you want to dance to hit the beat ooh mm
we need to go practice our song we're
working on something very special for
Christmas Oh fun Ellie we are gonna look
so good when we set up for this
Christmas party tonight do you better
believe that everyone's gonna be jealous
everyone got something I would have got
something more like this but they just
ran out for you so we just finished
setting up the entire gym for this
breakfast tomorrow and we're about to
turn off all the lights and see what it
looks like 400 or so people you ready
for this
I suppose all these jars
that's Epsom salt candle and there's
like some with M&Ms and um right there
we've got three little craft tables here
that I've got I've come up with like a
little craft for everyone to all the
little kids to do here we go looks good
obviously we're not gonna be eating with
the lights off I don't think are we yeah
that actually looks really cool well it
is 1003 in the evening Kellie and I just
got home from setting it up for our
church's Christmas party tomorrow
morning and we're so excited like I
think it's gonna be a lot of fun there
definitely is a little stress because
you just want everything to go well and
you don't want to forget anything but I
think we're gonna be great
one of the things that we wanted to do
with this Christmas party is we wanted
to keep it simple I think sometimes if
you know big events like this if you go
over the top that's when you forget more
things that's when things don't go as
planned so the simpler the better I
think so it's gonna be a lot of fun so
we in order to relax as we say goodbye
we have some Arctic Circle mom and dad
are here with us and we're just enjoying
that because it's delish before I forget
in the past couple hours the footsteps
for fertility website has been down so
what we decided to do because of the
downtime we are extending applications
and video applications the deadline
until further notice
make sure you're just following me on
like Twitter our Facebook page
facebook.com slash Ellie and Jared and
my Instagram that's where you'll get
like the most live accurate up to date
information so you don't have to wait
the full day until the the video comes
out for you to see what's going on as of
right now as I'm filming this we are
extending the video and the application
deadline until further notice be sure to
check Twitter and follow me there for
more information about that I'm sorry
that the website is down is a server
issue for the hosts so there's actually
a lot of wet
sites that are down it's not just the
footsteps website well you look cute
with your hair like that which ends your
toe ends or your hair ends okay I'm
sitting across from you and we will just
enjoy each other's company but I think
we're gonna call it a night I have a lot
of work to do downloading a lot of these
videos and getting this video ready to
go for tomorrow morning we have to be
out of the house like at 7 or 8 for this
party tomorrow's going to be a pretty
emotional day we're gonna be watching a
lot of these videos tomorrow these
infertility videos it brings a lot of
excitement because of the outcome of
this contest but I think also at the
same time we're very aware of the
emotions that people are going through
and we recognize that and we're taking
that into consideration obviously you
know this is going to be a very
emotional time but we're excited and
we're ready and it's gonna be good and
it's gonna be great but we are gonna
call it a night thank you guys so much
for watching hope you enjoyed today's
video if you did be sure to give it a
thumbs up and we'll see you guys
tomorrow thanks for watching
