Jackson has been in this little thing
where he goes mom can I do this please
keep pictured being a Hobby Lobby today
I see I'm like can you help me find the
tax lady please please you know I'm
looking for size 30 30 do you have that
in stock could you check for me please
boy it is so funny the way he says it
Jackson can you say it
ah well good morning what are you doing
on the window this was the best two
bucks or however much I spent was yep
exactly this is two bucks
these are little window stickers and I
thought this would be a good thing to
entertain you a little bit and you
seemed to really like it you're doing so
good to those snowman yeah we're open
that and Calvin I'll come help
Calvin where are you hi mister playin
your harmonica he's been having a hard
time with his teeth right lately so I'll
come do some window stickers first play
me a song of your people keeping his
song well today is a very big day today
guys you know when Jackson and Calvin
were first born we took him to their
very first doctor appointments and it
was just like a really fun unique
experience and today is no different we
have a very first appointment for the
minivan for the Pacifica it's very
serious stop laughing we're taking the
Pacifica in to get the oil change and
everything and I'm anxious to see what
the mechanic says to see about the
growth and the development of our
Pacifica you know see if if things are
going well with her and you know just
anxious to see how that goes so we're
gonna go inside in and see what the
mechanic says hope everything's good you
know with Jackson and Calvin I always go
in with the doctor for the appointment
so I'm kind of nervous just leaving that
Vivica just there I mean like ah I'm
just nervous you know it's it's it's
hard leaving a baby there to just defend
for itself you know sometimes when you
have a new new vehicle like this they
even they don't know what's going on
this is the first time so I'm thinking
of you Pacifica can't find penny huh oh
I see what you're doing if she noticed
it she noticed it oh she's not
interested pretty penny
Calvin is just dying to give you
something and you're ignoring him what's
the dealio penny come here I want to try
something
there you go who's a good girl
who's a good girl ready who's a good
girl who is a good girl many many many
many many who's a good girl many years
do dogs get dizzy ha ha ha ha
I'm sorry was that fun you're wagging
your tail give me all your money
I need your money give me your money
Stuart edge ladies and gentlemen how's
it going dude
good good I'm pulled up what are you
doing just hanging out at the Chrysler
dealership yeah sold me a truck here
Oh awesome do you brother work here yep
that's so cool works here Spencer what
are you doing I'm just getting the bill
baby service others checkup today Sully
what do you know we have the Chrysler
Pacifica minivan it's a good it's a good
thing the fog damn it's funny to see you
I was I was hoping to catch you off
guard so I could scare you but your eyes
are just too quick Stuart yeah I'm here
to help did you call yeah I brought some
food here you go thank you you're
welcome
oh no all of our friends are famished
they're starving we need more food
better :
Hado a manga manga he's come to bring
more food of our friends have fallen are
they gonna come yeah ok we'll sit and
wait we have been playing down under our
staircase under our little playroom and
I have some really fun ideas with this
space I like it how it is I think the
kids like it but this is Jackson and
Calvin's favorite thing to do is I stand
out here and I knock we're really
waiting on food to come it's emergency
pizza I get the pizza here but I am
always not going to say in Jackson says
what can I get for you and I ask him
what he can get me and then he gives it
to me and I pay him in money which is
usually like a car or a horse or
something anyway but we're just down
here we're playing food of our animal
our vanished we need to pick up in here
but this is a really fun spot for the
kids and I just have something right on
your mind
and guess what Jackson you are gonna be
how old are you gonna be in a month
you're gonna be three years old in one
month you're gonna have a birthday in
one month Jackson will be three and I
think this is something to do with this
will be part of his birthday emergency
emergency all of our friends are
famished we need to feed them hurry
starts spoon feeding them some potatoes
good you got the basket can you feed him
good job you know we got it put good
nutrients in you spider-man you you're
gonna be so sick if you don't get enough
nutrients hey you're all put into bed
that's a good spider-man close your eyes
close your eyes oh good oh don't on his
face y'all better breathe there we go
good night spider-man oh well guys watch
out for spider-man because Jackson has
taken him over to the hospital he has an
owie but wait we have some more
superheroes that can help us out when we
get hurt
Iron Man come here Iron Man he brought
that to me it was over there come over
here go sure I am me you brought it over
to me my god that's he like what's your
dress up we need to find you some
outfits it will fit you but for now that
will work just fine
oh good get him fixed up I just got the
van back and I've got a list of things
that they they checked off and
everything and things information about
the van and it looks like our little
Pacifica is in the 75th percentile of
all the other Pacifica's when it comes
to weight I think that must have
something to do with the towing package
height 50th percentile things are
looking really good I'm really happy
with how the Pacifica's been performing
this nice you know
you know my little ride my little mini
man happy with it huh my hair is out of
control today okay let's go I'll do it
penny come here I've got something for
ya give me pity hi penny I've got a
surprise for you just take a second
well it kind of worked
oh I wish she's already too big like
she's grown up like crazy good girl
she's a trouper she puts up with my
madness today I've spun her I put her in
a dr. pepper box today but hey she's
nibbling on me okay this is just I don't
know payback I guess look it's like a
little cape okay we'll get it off we'll
get it off today's vlog is brought to
you by the letter T and I am about to
tell you exactly why the letter T is the
sponsor of today's vlog you know the
letter T starts a lot of words but
Calvin has a favorite word that starts
with the letter T Jackson do you know
what it is I'll tell you dude what is
that oh that's right it's tickle tickle
tickle tickle tickle tickle tickle
tickle tickle tickle now you say it
wow that is like my favorite thing of
Calvin right now is ten saying tickle
ready tickle tickle tickle tickle tickle
tickle tickle tickle tickle tickle
tickle tickle better say tickle I can't
get enough of it it's just the cutest
thing okay
stripes Waldo your turn take a break a
pickle tickle tickle tickle tickle
tickle tickle tickle
gotcha
and now ladies and gentlemen is why
today's vlog is brought to you by the
letter T tickle tickle tickle tickle
tickle pick up pick up pick up pick up
so we have a delicious dinner and Ellie
took the time to make these awesome swig
homemade cookies a little rough it's our
first time friend
oh this one right here okay so we were
about to eat cookie look we can't leave
our sweet little penny out so penny I've
got a treat for you wherever you are oh
of course you would be you have a cookie
penny come here I've got treat for you
she's like heck no I see these guys have
cookies well she's roaming around
looking for scraps that we've dropped on
the ground you got to watch out for our
toys to downstairs no yeah penny look
here I've got a treat for you there you
go
good girl that's a good girl mmm okay
let's have these cookies they look so
good um I'm gonna wash my hands first
cuz the end of the vlog today Jared I
could not help but lots of sterically is
the kids over there plane Jackson has
been in this little thing where he goes
mom can I do this please like that it is
so funny the way he says it Jackson can
you say it it's cute it says it and we
laugh every time and then like we were
hugging just Nana's like you know ki
pictured being a Hobby Lobby today I see
I'm like can you help me find the tax
lady please please you know I'm looking
for size 30 30 do you have that in stock
could you check for me please please
think I'm like we just got a big one oh
you know funny and cute would you mind
kissing me please please okay goodnight
comment say goodnight goodnight come say
can I try friends okay hey guys Feng and
Penny it just got done eating and going
potty so she'll be in in a minute
goodnight
