seven eight nine ten
come find me well that wasn't fun
Jackson totally got distracted and I
think he's watching TV in the bedroom
you're supposed to be finding me you
silly boy road trip we're always going
on a road trip
we're heading to Calvin's very last
doctor appointment in Salt Lake he got
the okay chest with a physical therapist
and now we're going to the specialist
getting his last check off the list I
was just telling Jared these are my last
Invisalign trays ever my teeth they're
very discolored actually like you can
see this is a lot wider than this
and there's little dots on my teeth so I
buff all that off when I'm done so the
tops always been straight but remote oh
you could see they've been crowded this
tooth has completely turned in and so
this is my very last tray hopefully
it'll fix that one little excited for
you to be done with those Invisalign
trays but guess what what I didn't
realize this yesterday so he said katie
is your last trays and then for three
months I have to wear like trays what I
just don't have the dots it's like a
retainer we'll have to wear them for
three months and then I
I just wear them at night do you do you
have the balls these rep Jarrett apart
when I kissed him and they broke my
mouth apart and they're gross I don't
like like three little ones they're like
little plastic things to hold these in
so if they snap in place but huh so
three just a little bit longer all right
we made it
Jackson what are we gonna go ride the
elliegator
and ride in the alligator well little
Calvin you are in the fifth percentile
for weight and 9 percentile for height
yes I can't even believe it actually I
can't because he's like this because
he's our kid and we're sure dr. Jared
that's me
darn it it's interesting because Calvin
eats everything in anything he eats all
kinds of food and he eats a lot like he
eats so much but he's so small and I
feel like throwing up I had pudding food
in the house but I was always snacky and
hungry and that's how I am now like I'm
constantly eating like a little bit's
throughout the day rather than three big
meals what did you just do
Oh what did I miss I'm on the phone with
dad and I hear this I got him out of his
car back
you think I sleep and then he looked at
me laughing because that yeah but Evo's
are stingrays oh my gosh
do you see the stingrays I know area so
the kids can make better feed the fish
feet there's like birds and iguana so
I'm gonna take the kids and we're gonna
go have some fun and just like show them
and have an experience all of these
different video
like this guy right here
yeah Jackson look these are your
favorite things to look at it Walmart in
bed the Patel the pet store huh the
camera does not do it justice absolutely
glowing
I think we know our favorite part about
this trip will be much at all of the
birdies they can fly on you do you want
to go in there are those real okay let's
go tension be soft they're not real
they're play there play ones
they're all over the camera the camera
they are this is
they're all over my arms guys
the kids they're being really like dot
yeah actually really good okay but
you've got
let me go thank you
any hitchhikers any Birds on this we
cleared the birds
do you see that right there that's a
stingray it's giving you a little fishy
hickey that is a big shark do you like
it you want to hold it okay I'll put you
in and I'll let you hold it okay we'll
see how long
do you think do you like gun will you
look like Mike Wazowski the parakeet
your head off there we go I ain't doing
something I've never done before
oh my goodness we are home we made it
boys
we're here feels good to be home how
long we've been in the car three hours
today total not terrible where's penny
do you want to see your puppy dog yeah
do you want to know something
Grandma and Grandpa we're watching penny
while we were gone and grandpa is
bringing her back right down you want to
see her I'm gonna give her a big hug and
a kiss when I see her what are you gonna
do cow you hear throw the ball
what are you gonna do Jackson all right
Jackson hit the lights for me what what
the heck our lights aren't working did
our power go no that's not possible
because that's on and that's on there's
no way all those bulbs burnt out to
diffuse blows Oh what the heck it's on
what did you see that why did that
happen
one the world why you do that Jackson
you were flipping the switch I flip the
switch but when I flip the switch over
there worked but not here until just now
explain to me this madness Jackson
explain it to me oh you found the
crackers penny penny penny walking with
my penny penny penny penny walking with
my penny I've got this harness on her
and I think I need to tighten it up a
little bit I can see why people like it
cuz it get definitely gives me a lot
more control and I don't have to worry
so much about like her neck and stuff
and I'm excited when she's a big dog
here she'll get pretty big I'm excited
to put the harness on her when it snows
and have her pull the kids just like my
dog pulled us me and my little sister
when we were a kid
you know they just love getting their
nose into the snow and everything and
I'm excited it's gonna be great okay
penny penny penny penny Brittany
Brittany let's go penny penny penny
penny you're acting like a kitty cat
Danny the kitty cats she's got the whole
thing one two three four where could he
be
Kelvin where is Jackson huh what what
did you hear that oh there you are I
found you you know Jackson I think
you're kind of missing part of the point
of hide-and-seek you're supposed to hide
and not make any sounds and I will see
after you he made some sounds let's try
it one more time and you try to be so
quiet and find a new place I okay okay
here we go ready or not here I come
let's find him
yeah goody bag
that was much quieter Oh Calvin side
next to him - good job boys
seven eight nine ten don't mind me
well that wasn't fun Jackson totally got
distracted and I think he's watching TV
in the bedroom you're supposed to be
finding me you silly boy you're supposed
to be finding me not watching TV did you
do that on purpose made me hide so you
could come watch TV you silly boy can
you believe that
my kid what a kid Jarrod's in a little
meeting right now and what made me laugh
is when I got home I could see from the
front door Calvin has been in my room
this is Calvin's favorite thing to do I
have little benches here and he comes in
and he sits on the edge of the bed and
he pushes these over that little stinker
but it just made me smile I haven't been
gone long from the kids but just you
know you always miss him when you're
gone so that was really cute I'm gonna
go peek on him and give him a little
kiss each of them well we are finally
reunited I am here and Ellie is over
there hello hey guys I wanted to let you
know if you guys are interested in the
IVF grant that we are doing applications
and videos are due this Friday December
9th at midnight Mountain Standard Time
so that's 11 o'clock Pacific time and 2
o'clock Eastern Time that December 10th
just keep that in mind
make sure your videos and your
applications are done if you guys want
to apply for the grant ok that's the
update that I wanted to give I'm already
starting to get a lot of videos and
there's a lot of applications Ellie and
I are really excited to go through them
and to get to know you guys more that's
I think that's one of the coolest things
about this we have an opportunity to get
to know you guys even more so with that
being said we're gonna call it a night
thank you guys so much for watching the
video if you enjoyed it be sure to give
it a big thumbs up and if you're not
subscribed hit that subscribe button
because we make videos like this every
single day we'll see you guys tomorrow
thanks for watching
lay down put your head down
goodnight
