good evening everyone my name is Jared
Mika and welcome to ksl 5 news where
your news comes first that right that
the tagline that's it's not bit a little
oh shoot
darn it I had one opportunity there's no
way I'm becoming a news guy
well good morning guys where we go in
and music Euler we are going to the
music store so right out here we are
getting ready to cross the street when
the light says we can and we wrote there
we go help me push Cal
we're going to the music store I thought
I would find you up here mister mister
okay let's admire calvin shoes today i
put these in the washing machine last
night gonna be somebody and clean them
these are Jackson's shoes that he wore
not that long ago but now Vic :
so I came to the sex-toy bookstore in
town because they really wanted to get a
Christmas piano book to sing with
Jackson and Calvin and so that's what
we're going to do is learn a song for
Christmas well they are here and I
didn't even know they were going to be
here until about 45 minutes ago at the
store the local news called me in the
right K is Jerrod there I was like no
this is his wife and I go this is KL is
it oh hi usually don't answer numbers if
I don't have the number but for some
reason I answered at this time said what
I did they are coming to interview us
about us doing the fertility treatment
giveaway and I am really excited and so
I texted everyone said you guys want to
come over yes yeah my friends and I was
going to say mom's like oh did you put
it up here outside I said no I woke up
and got ready this is the number one
thing one of the one things that I took
away from growing up is my mom's like
even if you're sick now I have to get
all dolled up but brush your teeth put
some mascara on so anyway look thank you
thank you
alrighty so we are just here wrapping up
our interview on ksl we've got the
camera crew we've got katie katie is
actually my cousin we're funding the
infertility treatment and we're so
excited we just talked about it with the
news crew and this is just very exciting
it's it's fun to share happiness and I
think that's kind of like what we're
doing that's how I feel like I feel like
the happiness that I have right now I'm
trying to share that with you guys and I
hope it I hope it's awesome I just I'm
so excited this
is such such a good time in our lives
and a good experience
you know you know what I mean is our
camera oh my gosh
our cameras broken oh yeah every day
that's how it's still filming yeah it's
doing good
yeah uncle Jared you know my name what's
my name
yeah bud huh you Clemmie
it's bloke yeah my camera is broke watch
man but seriously we gotta get that
fixed monitors like good evening
everyone my name is Jared Meachem and
welcome to ksl 5 news where your news
comes first that right said the tagline
that's it's not bit a little more oh
shoot darn it I had one opportunity
there's no way I'm becoming a news guy
not not Ron Burgundy
maybe I'll be Bruce Almighty though just
like whoa okay so five what is going on
here you are laughing were too much for
your own good on YouTube channel
Ehlinger or hoping to get back all right
guys we have our little helper with us
we are getting ready to do our little
good deed today my neighbor two weeks
ago brought me over a pie and I still
have our place so I'm going to bring it
back to her but I've got my helpers and
our hands are washed and we were getting
ready to make chocolate chip cookies to
go over that's a weird song but we're
gonna go make cookies I'm gonna go bring
it to our neighbor to say thank you for
her bringing a pie to us you already got
a cookie so he's just gonna sit there
and eat while he watches he's turning
around to get all this stuff in there
yeah just like that
okay dipping a cookie is very important
is if you dip it too long it falls into
the milk if you dip it just right it's
really yummy yeah can you dip it right
yep oh we had to break in half first oh
right a bit
see oh that looks perfect Oh perfect
cookie there's a good cow I think you
guys gag down your bean soup for lunch
but we get a cookie after huh so worth
it
okay I think it's time I think it's time
Jackson close why almost time for
Christmas Jackson this is just as good
though it is five o'clock and that means
the news is about to turn on and the
segment that we film today is probably
going to air either at 5:00 or 6:00 I'm
not sure if they're different but this
should be on right now so I'm excited to
see if we are our story makes the cut
this first one could be opening plus
another infertility story on YouTube and
went viral and now I know if Logan
family is trying to help another family
do the same I got worse you drinking ha
ha ha ha yeah I made sure have that in
there that was awesome
did you see us Jackson yeah that's right
here we go let's see you know
occasionally family says their
experience with infertility brought them
YouTube fame and networking they did say
you two
before they meet our specialist Mike
Anderson explain they're on nationwide
search to find a one lucky family
yes becomes of that to some LD
treatments and now they want to help a
couple of their YouTube viewers he was
saying that $15,000 grant o positive
they're the Lord's many of us might
consider private when Ellie injured
become head no no okay I'm watching it
well that was pretty sweet what they're
doing is they're actually doing two
segments so they're doing one fi or they
did one a five and they're going into
more detail at six
like why does that make me yeah like
that's so cool than to do like usually
it's just like a fifteen twenty second
blur but they're doing like two full
segments on it like that's awesome
I'll make sure to have a link down below
in the description of the segment if
they have it on their website as soon as
it's ready oh my gosh this camera is
barely hanging on by the ribbon in the
back that connects camera to the monitor
it's crazy so I hope it makes it through
the night I have split up from the
family Ellie is putting the kids to bed
my dad and mom invited me to come to a
play that their friend wrote and they're
in their 25th year running this plates
called The Forgotten carols and I'm very
excited to see it been a long time since
I've seen it
I think Ellie and I went like three or
so years ago it'll be fun
you know see my dad's old college buddy
hi guys how's it goin he's a pretty
decent seats like right in the center
are they gonna fill this place up this
is a giant place for a play I think he
said there's about 3,000 so my gosh
that's amazing
that's great two L's later well we just
wrapped up with the play and it was
amazing that is sneaking us backstage so
mark you kind of like do you your
Mission Impossible move so we don't need
to comment yeah
I'm gonna give you a proper introduction
Oh proper I've never had a proper
Shalini sax what's wrong allow me okay
well ladies and gentlemen boys and girls
I'm sitting here standing here rather
with V Michael McClane is that was that
okay that was really good there wasn't
any applause no no it was only good and
I think I was waiting for the audience
if you guys didn't know Michael McClane
is a good friend of my dad for how long
haha 40 years 40 more years something
like that I have to say this and people
on our blog you you don't know this
because you probably haven't seen many
of your videos but people know me to get
pretty emotional when I when I talk
about things that mean a lot to me and
the Forgotten carols means a lot to me
and I'm grateful for it so thank you
that means a lot to me we've been doing
it for 25 years and every night I think
of your mom because she made the
ornament yeah and so and so when I'm
putting those up and I'm thinking about
the the memories that go back and the
places we went where there were almost
more people on stage than there were in
the audience and now you know you look
out there and you see a ton of folks I
get emotional too yeah I'm real grateful
so your family's been a part of this
thing for a long time well it's I
remember Christmas time growing up
always listening in the music and so
it's very special to me so thank you for
creating it and the main reason I'm glad
that we're having this conversation is
your two little ones have to be fans now
yep and I know the older I get the
harder it is to get that yeah
the young demographic young Dilma crap
yes yes no Missy Elliott now come on
it's Michael Buble and of course none of
this would be possible without his
beautiful wife of my heart oh just a
reason my heart has a song yeah I have
to keep you grounded you guys are so
sweet you guys do so amazing on stage
you guys are great can you stream the
music online
sure you can okay I'll have a link to it
down below so you guys can check out the
Forgotten carols well guys I made it
home and I checked outside it is 10
degrees Fahrenheit outside that is so
stinking cold anyway I'm gonna call it a
night if you guys haven't seen our in
vitro announcement I'll have a link to
it down below and the card on the screen
for you guys to check out be sure to
check it out if you have anyone that you
want to share it with share it with them
it's gonna be great and I'm so excited
thank you guys again for watching hit
that thumbs up button if you enjoyed the
video and if you're not subscribed hit
that subscribe button and we'll see you
guys tomorrow
Thanks bye
