a metre later one okay okay look for
smiling huh
did you just yeah
good morning guys on Sundays Ellie
really enjoys trying to get a picture of
the family especially the kids on Sunday
before we go to church it always ends up
okay but getting picture with kids who
are just anxious to go it can be
difficult sometimes and hilarious and
frustrating and Ellie was like Jared I
want to get a picture of the kids today
and the puppy we're gonna try it but
there's a new layer of craziness
you'll opinion there's a new layer of
craziness that we're gonna add here
trying to get this family picture so if
we have a successful family picture boom
we're putting it in here if we have a
failed family picture boom we're putting
it in here okay let's do it
oh boy and his dog the point is dog we
are home
Penny's taking a potty break and every
time we take her out to a potty break
Jackson goes I needed to be if my dog
where do these using binoculars okay
Calvin
don't be so nice dude we have grass all
of that up there's gonna be grass it'll
be so nice are you guys ready to join us
for our a fun night with the kids the
kids are downstairs on the couch waiting
for Jer tonight this is all we need
penny has only gotten downstairs about
one time especially with her potty
training I don't want her on the carpet
right now but Betsy can repent she
always sounds right at the edge and just
watches us hey took a girl
yeah Big Daddy grabs you join our party
you've got a party here and we are ready
to rock and roll sister girl well you
guys just seems so excited and are you
in the Christmas spirit and your
Halloween jammies oh I will show you
come sit down okay put on your button
sit over here
now go sit on your bun all right penny
you have waited patiently OOP and here
we go she's like and I'm gonna circle
instant yo you guys not this is it is it
Christmas ninja ah ninja you listen
while I read okay there is a secret at
the North Pole that not too many people
know well we all know about the elves
who work as down the shop but there are
some secret elves who are not often seen
they spend their Christmas giving in
masks of the red and green these are the
North Pole ninja as they live for
Christmas day they are masters of
helping led by
does sensei and he is filled with magic
much more than it may seem Santa is
always thankful these elves are on his
team for it's these North Pole ninjas
who always do good deeds they use their
Christmas spirit to care for others in
need these ninja elves are mighty ones
spreading their cheer around with random
acts of kindness they never make a sound
it might not happen often to elf so
filled with care but sometimes a special
team has jobs and needs to share Santa
gave them permission to ask for help
from you consider yourself chosen no
you're a ninja too are you going to be a
ninja that helps people and we serve
people if a little kid is hurt you go
and ask if he needs help
yeah and if a boy doesn't have a toy you
give him yours set what we do just know
that Santa is grateful and needs these
elves the most he sees all the good you
do there's never need to boast now
you're part of a secret prepare yourself
to act you and the North Pole ninjas
have made a christmas pact to do you
know what we are going to do y we are
going to use our little ninja and we are
going to help others in need so every
day we will have us a little project and
we may turn them into some of our own
because you guys are a little young for
some of the things that it says but you
know what this means we're gonna help
people every day we can we can help
penny and daddy and we can do lots of
things okay so every day should we take
our little ninja somewhere and do
something nice okay can you do that Cal
ready okay so if you guys couldn't tell
the North Pole ninja is all about doing
service for others around town around
your community and everything and even
in your own family so we wanted to do
this and get this for the kids so they
could see doing service and actually do
some of the service projects himself
every single
day that's what we're gonna try and do
is we're gonna see if we can get the
kids to help us do service projects
every single day of December there's one
for every single day but we're a couple
days behind because we've had a pretty
busy week this is a lot of fun and we're
excited and we've got one more daily
thing that we need to catch up on other
than eating popcorn a sweet friend do
service for us and gave us this I
thought that was so sweet of them and
because we're a few days behind mommy
gets to eat mostly job I think not daddy
gets the help there's one choose like
random that's kind of fun so Jackson
mommy's gonna open the first one they'll
let you guys open the other ones because
that's it one way to do until Christmas
we can have a little treat along with us
doing something nice for somebody you
want to open this one I'll push this in
it's a little chocolate and we get a
little treat when we do something really
nice for someone can you open that your
little yeah Calvin
you can have their treat should watch a
little movie together that sounds fun
don't win I think what day is it today
the forest does that mean I get one too
yeah yeah dope today's the fourth I get
one too
it's little Nutcracker ornament
wait Kelly guess one penny hell sleeping
what do we say to penny when she's
sleeping Shh
can you do that couldn't you you'd be
quiet when Penny's sleeping huh yeah you
know that when you're sleeping mommy and
daddy and Jackson all do our best to be
quiet when you sleep - so who do you
think has been better with taking the
binky lay oh I think I think Calvin
I like Jackson's very attached to his
babies yeah but I feel like Calvin was
like a whole nother level I think
Jackson had his binky a little bit later
on like he had it longer and I think it
was like when did you when Jackson could
start asking for his binky like verbally
I think that's when we're like that's
when we want to take it away because I
remember with Jackson I was like I think
we'll just talk to remember to take away
just a hair soon yeah exactly
he's been doing good I mean he cries for
a couple minutes and then he'll goes to
sleep
whether that's naps or at nighttime this
is just crazy to me this is absolutely
mind-boggling to me over the past four
days over 17,000
of you guys have click the red subscribe
button first off I want to say thank you
and welcome to our channel 17,000 is a
lot of people and you guys may just be
coming on to our channel for the very
first time my wife and I we do daily
vlogs with our two kids and our new
little puppy we need to update our intro
a lot of people have been saying that
and if we just have a lot of fun we try
and be positive and happy and show our
daily life
I hope you enjoy it but again thank you
so much for joining and subscribing to
the channel if you guys aren't
subscribed just hit the button and you
guys can see what we do every single day
and there'll be a lot of fun ok it is
late at night and everyone is in bed and
I have a little secret I've been
drinking Dr Pepper and playing Final
Fantasy 15 and it's been a lot of fun
but that's beside the point um I wanted
to talk about this past week and
everything and just there's been so much
that has happened and we made a big
announcement we had a toy drive and a
meet-up and just has been a big week for
us and I'm just so grateful we've been
able to do a lot of things and we've had
a lot of help from people and it's just
been so amazing Ellie and I have been
thinking a lot about YouTube and the
reach that we have and what we can do
with the the platform that we have we we
literally have 1 million people who have
subscribed to our channel and especially
during the holidays we want to take this
time and use it as a way to help uplift
and inspire people and that's why we've
been doing a lot of these things I want
you guys to know that Ellie and I do not
take for granted the platform that we
have in the reach that we have we want
to do good and we want to share that
good to hopefully uplift and inspire
others to do the same thing we're not
even the same thing but just to do just
to do good especially this time of year
where some people are a little bit more
lonely where some people need a little
bit more help that's why we enjoyed
doing this so much not only because it
makes us feel good but hopefully we can
make others feel good and then inspire
other people to help others feel good
it's just this big chain reaction we
love bringing smiles to people's faces
and hopefully that in turn can help
other people do the same thing and
that's just like a simple explanation of
why this week has been so fun and
uplifting and exciting for us is we
enjoyed doing it and we love sharing it
with everyone I think I don't know I've
said it before that service is like such
a great opportunity and it makes me feel
good and that's why I enjoy doing it is
because it makes me
well good and I don't know if that's
selfish but I think it's a good thing I
hope you guys understand that and I hope
it makes sense we want to do good all
year round but especially during the
holidays with our kids with the with a
book that we read to them today we have
a challenges that we're going to use
from there and kind of cater a little
bit because they're so young but we want
to help them learn that it's better to
give than to receive and that's what
we're gonna do this month and I hope
that our kids can see the joy that we
can bring to others in our and in our
neighborhood within our home with our
family and and hopefully to you guys
with that guys I'm going to call it a
night thank you so much for watching the
video today we appreciate you and we're
grateful for you guys and we'll see you
tomorrow thanks for watching bye
