okay roll call le ready Jackson
Calvin Calvin is Calvin here with us yes
okay penny
good morning sleep huh Shh good morning
guys
yes - good morning cousin look at how
many boys we have in here where is
Calvin oh there he is
you Captain America your Iron Man did
you make a crazy babies you're Batman
good morning guys today is the last day
that Julie is going to be here at my
house so I said go my bathroom close the
door shower do you makeup take your time
get ready because tonight we're having a
little family get-together and it feels
good just to get ready so I've got my
superheroes to protect me I've got my
other make it baby to protect me crazy
kids it's been a fun morning we have
been on a little nacho kick lately yeah
a delicious nacho
thanks Bonnie and Jill for putting that
in her head Jackson was just in trouble
do you know why you were in trouble
why do you know what you did why what
did you do to make mommy and daddy upset
with you not good yes you ate the
cookies without asking and we already
told you no he said no before yeah there
was kind of a kid story it was and so
that's why we were talking
we already did all of them talking about
it so I went downstairs with Jackson and
we were talking for a little bit and
then I said he got put in his room yeah
at a corner for a minute and I said do
you know why we were upset with you
and he said why is it because you didn't
listen to mommy and daddy and you still
ate the cookie when we told you not to
now are you going to be a good listener
mm-hmm
and then after we resolved everything I
said I love you and I just want you to
listen to mommy and daddy
and then he gave me a big hug and he
said you so happy now yeah
you so happy now yeah that's his biggest
concern when we get after Jackson and he
has a timeout or you know we raised our
voice or Stern or whatever when we get
upset with Jackson the first thing he
says is you happy no well not not only
that like I'll do this I'll go you happy
you so happy now then what happened then
most the time I sit yes he doesn't daddy
happy and Calvin happy and sometimes if
I really am not happy I'm like no I'm
not happy you did not listen to me oh
well daddy happy he wanted to make sure
that we're happy yes and we are your
good boy yeah but you're just a little
toddler just like penny hey we'll happy
sometimes you just can't help but chew a
nod and you know cookies here in there
when you're not supposed to but we're
good ones and we grow and we become
better don't me hey yo yo all right
initiate operation mission mission I've
got me and my co-pilot here and we're
going to the pet store to get Penny a
harness and some like more chew toys
she's gone through some of their her
favorite shoes toys pretty quick because
puppy teeth are sharp and what do you
want to do while we're in the pet store
bud butchers yeah those are some cool
looking fishies nobody those are doggies
they're saying hello I think
yeah these are just little fishies
do you see any colors what color are
they red there are some red in their
fins yeah that's right buddy good job oh
look at that one that one has red and
blue okay roll-call le ready Jackson
Calvin Calvin is Calvin here with us yes
okay penny let's go we are on our way to
the Meetup the food drive the toy drive
are you ready to rock and roll I'm so my
father picking things out no you're okay
we've got planning to do we've got
people to go see in fun half let's get
to it
hey Joel ADAAA with your with you that's
Joel Medina
Javed ayah it looks good man yeah I mean
I feel like I've saw you like you two
days ago and you grew all that Rogaine
ha ha ha is that my problem not here so
we just got to Ellie's parents house
we're getting ready to go you got some
pizza that were eating tons and tons of
hot chocolate
so everyone stays nice and more have
another surprise for everyone when you
get to the fire station well don't you
just look cute as a button of bundled up
it is very cold I think it's like 31 or
32 degrees and it's just gonna get
colder but you look so cute yeah I like
your scarf Oh penny sorry you look cute
too okay I'm not forgetting about you
okay you ready for this I'm excited this
is gonna be fun
we've got candy here chili Bonnie over
there grandpa
guys so Swift cookies I always love sick
I'm treating us they are bringing
cookies I'm so excited I love food drunk
your drinks too like no I won't make you
work that much thank you guys so we've
got swig here mom is making some hot
chocolate and you guys are so cute
we've got some fun people here hi guys
and hot chocolate Cod boy so we are
doing a family you can't forget the
puppy I know she was running she was
running down the line earlier she was
doing the wave she was trying to get
everyone to do the way so cute
she was also waking me up at midnight
when we do these meetups we meet some
incredible people and some amazing
stories and we're here with what are
your names again partly mark and Carly
and they have a beautiful baby girl
maybe Navy and you are pregnant with
your second and they flew in from
California for this Meetup you guys are
amazing and congratulations
their kids are 16 months just like
Elsa thank you guys thank you for coming
look at this pile of amazing people
bringing some amazing donations
we're here with Hayley and Tacey hey
guys how you doing you guys having a
good time are you guys trying to stay
warm it's pretty cold out here look at
all of this this is so fun thank you
guys for coming well that is a wrap we
finished the whole Meetup and I have to
show you this because I think it just I
think it goes a long way there's been so
many of you guys who came to this meetup
and have donated your time and items for
people who don't have them so I want to
say thank you to everyone who came out
because it means a lot to us that we can
do this together that we have a platform
where we can help other people these are
all the donations made I mean they're in
bags tons and tons of stuff has been
donated food clothes toys it's all going
to be sorted out and it's all gonna go
to someone who needs it this I love
doing this and makes me feel so good
thank you to everyone who stood out in
the cold to make these donations thank
you
I usually are so wonderful and humbling
there was so many clothes and food for
donations and it was so fun to stand out
there in the cold and me all of you and
happy whole family look how cute all the
kids are the whole family's here we're
all having dinner
we're warming up our cold bone thank you
guys for waiting we ran out of hot
chocolate and cookies within the first
hour there was a lot more than we
expected every time we haven't made up
in my head I always think older but
their part won't be like that many
people and I always say that and then it
like shocks because we had about as many
people as we do we have conventions like
that which is huge we're there almost
three hours and I think we're trying to
figure out there's probably around 700
maybe even a little bit more people that
showed up so thank you guys so much it
was so fun seeing your familiar faces
with communicating with you guys on
Twitter seeing you in past convention
thank you guys for making your way out
yes - oh so cool seeing their moms and
dads waiting in the car till I got up
maybe I'll come up with them so nice in
de perros driving wrong lane right there
yourself oh my god which i think is a
very very sweet - just be like - make oh
I don't know who you are but really when
it comes I prouder I thought how fun is
that for you guys have relationships
like that and then at the end it was
funny because the dads are like I'll get
a picture to like see you like me
already so I have to say hi to the daddy
oh yeah yeah so fun thank you guys this
is so fun having the whole family here
whole family meet up Chad
actually my sister my twin is going home
to exotic we are three years upon three
years old you are all there yeah but
Julian's going home guys she drove all
the way here she's been here for we
she's going home to Missouri julie has a
channel if you want to check it out
we'll have a link down below honestly I
just wonder why you don't like when you
go but I like when you're here leave the
most Awkward like hugging and kissing I
always like sneak on me I'll give you a
like this is usually how hugs are say hi
I never hug me okay that's a good hug is
this a good hug like I love you I'm
really not quite sure if my eyes have
ever been this tired but I love it
we have had a incredible week a week
that we will never forget this
I mean December first for us December
2nd for you guys was one of the best
days ever and then what Ellie and I and
her family did and my parents did today
was so fun and it was so fun to meet you
guys and to do something good for the
community so thank you this is what we
love to do we love to help others and
we're happy to do it
thank you guys so much for watching the
video today we hope you had a wonderful
day and we will see you guys tomorrow
thanks for watching bye
