good morning everybody we have a fireman
and Captain America ready to show their
moves
Ready Set bow
I think that means you won good job cat
to America honey this is not how you get
white Oh fanny a cup go she just wants
to watch herself pen come on girl
all right penny girls just me and you
just me and you girl it's gonna walk
I'm pretty sure I want to get a New
Leash for pennies I want to get a leash
that doesn't pull the dogs like neck
I'll get the dog is running or if you
like me the dogs come here it like goes
on their body it kind of guides them
more than pull them so I think I want to
get that leash for her crazy girl crazy
girl pain hi pretty girl you're getting
so big
yes you are well Calvin we've got to go
usually when we leave the kids with
babysitter's or grandma or aunts no
matter what I'm always a little like oh
because I just don't like leaving them
even though I know they'll be ok but I
think this is one of the first times I'm
like yeah we're good because because Jer
and I are going shopping we're going on
a date night and then we're going to a
lunch with some friends and Julia Bonnie
Julie's sister-in-law they're all coming
over all the kids are gonna like crash
here for the day and hang out and I'm on
the dad are here so you guys got puppy
duty
they have long it's kind of a little
vacation like we're all here at this
house and owners are not here Manuel in
the bedroom it's done because not I
don't feel bad the one person just us
like watch the kids like everyone's just
kind of hanging out so you are gonna be
good you're gonna go Jeff right now oh
here you go go find out daddy and I are
gonna go hang out today as Jared and I
are driving I am at reading out loud
comments on it
and Twitter and our YouTube page and so
many times we've just been silenced wipe
tears away and we talked about how our
feeling is how we felt when we found out
we were pregnant with Jackson and how we
felt when you're trying to get pregnant
and how we felt when you're surprised we
were pregnant Calvin and how we're going
to feel when we try again and how that
process will be if it'll be easy if
it'll be hard and we have no idea I have
no idea why a simple our simple little
cells decided to do this and why it got
big and we are able to share a positive
message and I think that that is
unbelievable and I'm just so blessed so
grateful that we have this big of a
voice and I'm so grateful for you guys
and just all your guys's stories and
comments are just so heartfelt
and so humbling and we're so grateful so
thank you for all your guys's comments
today we are going to go to bed again
reading them so happy I that's the thing
is just like there we have so much
gratitude in our hearts right now my
heart is full I don't know how other to
say it
we are just so grateful and humbled to
one have this platform and two to be
able to have these moments where we can
do these things
it's just nothing makes me happier than
helping other people and I'm so glad
that we can do it and I'm so grateful
hey keep your hands off the glass stop
us okay we are here Ellie do you have to
be a real nice place we're at the Hilton
Hotel we have a very important lunch
meeting with YouTube like actual YouTube
so they came to Utah we're having a
meeting with some other creators here in
Utah and sort by and we're not this is
not the right yeah we're so much like
blogging stores like Remora grocery
stores i vlogger I just keep walking
then I turn off like oh please I've got
to go completely up to the direction oh
here's a map yes there we go
are you ready we're gonna eat - so this
is made fun was that you the sounds in
there it was actually I got we just
wrapped up amazing we should have gone
on at the end but we're all just
chitchat yeah we're all just talking it
was just cool we were talking to one of
the directors at YouTube or someone
really really high up in YouTube it was
really encouraging the way that they
talked about the creator and the viewers
audience first like that was like super
encouraging and like really cool to hear
them see how much they care more about
the creators than anything else and that
be worse yeah exactly it's it was so
cool so I really hope I am the steak was
good - lets go shut up okay see how it's
nice and warm in here okay see now
you're not upset with that died made us
do that cake see how what I did is I use
the remote start on my phone to remote
start this van even though the entrance
- just - because it was like valet
parking and germs I will wait here for
them to forget I'm like our car is right
there okay well let's get it one I
wasn't waiting them for debris across I
did not warm up it's cold it's 30
degrees outside but
in height okay you ready to do this
we're gonna go cuz we're in our nice
forest nice toasty warm van coming to
the Disney Store itself as magical but
when you have your own kids the Disney
start is even more magical and so much
fun and when you have a friend named
Missy I should get this room Missy you
can put your cookies in there and then
you dip it in the middle isn't that fun
like you to think but Missy's cookies
would be too big for that because she
cooks the biggest yes Missy has some big
cookie inappropriate : I am freakin
speechless right now like you know when
you're in the middle ground think you're
they Helen I yell it just oh we just
have a million do that I'm like begin
think Tara right now well the thing is
like we checked at when we're eating
like two hours ago
and we were like 4,000 or 6,000 away so
in the last two hours 4000 of you guys
subscribed thank you look yes like this
is gonna be a fun few weeks I'm really
excited it's been an emotional day think
yeah everything yeah I love it
thank you thank you this is incredible i
this is like what a pleasant like
amazing completely unexpected surprise
to do that Dan thank you so much you and
your family dan and Lincoln yeah he did
a live hangout for 30 minutes to do a
huge giveaway and tell me the really
long rooms like thank you thank you will
have their channel listed down below go
to their channel and say thank you like
seriously that is the kindest thing ever
something you don't have to do like
awesome he was at the lunch and he was
actually the one who organized the lunch
that we had today with all of these
youtubers from Utah talking about
YouTube like very cool thank you Dan and
Lincoln that's so awesome
like I had no idea like I thought we
were gonna hit a million in like two
days
and the craziest thing is I you know I
was looking at my phone and then Ellie
was just like let's put our phones away
and just be with each other and I was
like yeah let's do that we were walking
around just having a good time and I
pulled out my phone I see all these
tweets congratulations on a million I'm
like and I'm like
get your ball what they does happened oh
man you that thank you
yes thank you we have to charge our
phones we're at the Apple Store charging
our phone guys all the tweets that are
coming in are crying :
all of our friends have been support of
all of you guys it was so cool so crazy
oh my gosh thank you very great oh
you're experienced at Brian Regan Oh
Brian Regan we went to a nice restaurant
and I ate like a lobster like butter
water so what I got there by Bell - I
know I was texting or the jokes as fast
as I could
oh this on hilarious I mean I like to
miss it but it was just like of course
that would happen
that's a pretty low bar with Seth yeah
yeah we'll have a great time as long as
this food I know it raises our stomach
Jared oh hey hey sweetheart how are you
you're wearing big heels and I'm this is
a slope where I'm slow wait there we go
we're on our way to go see Jim Gaffigan
April and Dave you were so kind to
invite us to go see Jim Gaffigan is
awesome we thought it were like Ehlinger
they like to laugh I was just going to
say if you enjoy Ellie's laugh all of
her sisters have the same now it but I
was thinking today I was like we're
driving to go see Jim Gaffigan in our
chrysler pacifica and Jim Gaffigan is
the base of chrysler pacifica i was like
is that irony is that coincidence or is
that just awesome faked
you know what he's probably gonna want
to meet us after the show sure so we can
talk about the chrysler pacifica sorry
ain't we get on the train right now I'm
verified something I'm very excited
thank you guys so much I think it was so
fun fun little date night here we go
look at this like Jim Gaffigan is gonna
fill
circles the stage yeah
right
our polygraph we just finished up with
Jim Gaffigan freaking hilarious you see
Brian Regan and Jim Gaffigan now and Jim
Gaffigan was by far - the funniest oh
it's so good but we're walking to our
cars and Davey would say like did you
know if you took if you're out of range
of your clicker and you put it up to
your mouth it'll it'll reach a lot
inaudible fire but have missed
Mythbusters done that we know like man
it really works
yeah but like what is the reasoning you
know that's not ours like how how does
that work and why does that work like a
microphone like or oh my gosh is that
yours that come out of your mouth i'm
kashering back off what
and does it does it increase the range
the wider your mouth is open probably we
made it back we're home in our house
real quick before we end the Block today
as you are watching this vlog December
3rd Saturday we are doing our little
meetup toy drive food drive we have the
location the times 5 to 7 p.m. tomorrow
address will be listed down below if you
guys want to come yes today Saturday
December 3rd be there and we'd love to
see you guys there
it's gonna be a lot of fun thank you
guys so much for watching thank you for
a million followers thank you for your
stories your inspiration this has been
so fun a wild journey and this is just
the beginning like I feel like we're
love your heart because it is yes we'll
see you like always every day tomorrow
thanks for watching bye it's 1:30
