this is a Tele I have the same feeling I
had is when we sat down and filmed our
idea pregnancy announcement waiting for
the voicemail oh my gosh I I have
butterflies like crazy and Ellie I think
we're gonna change someone's life good
morning guys we have some good news
Calvin has something very special that
he wants to say something that he wants
to announce Calvin graduated physical
therapy yay clap your hands hey hey we
just got done with physical therapy and
the physical therapist said that Calvin
is looking awesome
and that she doesn't need to see him
anymore cuz he's doing so good as his
neck muscles are so strong hmm I'm so
proud of you young man and now we're
gonna go home you ready can give me hugs
oh okay I guess mm-hmm I love it my
favorite part about getting pedicures in
the winter is the hot chocolate cuz
chili is here you're all treating
ourselves to the pedicure and hot
chocolate all right guys it's snow
beautiful backyard penny loves the snow
I think one of my favorite things about
these dogs is that they just like love
digging their nose in the snow and then
just like playing and yeah it's fun huh
guys yeah oh you shot me shot me good
iron man so we're just hanging here at
Grandma's house headin you know penny go
potty a little bit before we make the
drive back I love looking out and seeing
the snow and remembering when I was a
kid playing on the snow building igloos
and snowmen and having snowball fights
you've got to brace yourself young man
you know that your older brother is out
to get ya okay that's just the thing
with older brothers they're out to get
you with snowballs and everything okay
so you've got to learn how to defend
yourself get a shield from Captain
America he's Iron Man you're Captain
America use your shield to your
advantage okay I'm Hulk yeah I can agree
with that
now Jackson don't do it
doctors are snowboy me oh you gave me
you got us Oh No Oh dodged that one it's
pretty easy da da pies coming again
save us pity or just run away with us uh
music fine look at the little squares
and then those are fine knees yeah boo
Oh Bonnie like a minor my favorite I
want to get good lighting look at my
toes look at those little sparkles so
cute we had Augsburg it's so very
relaxing I'm very positive it for I
close my I'm glad you told me to close
my eyes
good job this is our routine you grab
your car and Calvin has a fun cart so we
should all shop peacefully right so
shopping with these two I really liked I
always show you guys Jackson with his
car yeah he grabbed on she always grabs
a treat I usually just let him I don't
want to fight it and I think it's cute
and yet P oh that's the first thing she
grabs a treat and then you follow me the
items I need I give to him and he fills
this card up and then we go on to mine
thank you sometimes it's really hard to
give your card away sometimes hard to
say goodbye hello hi Emma
home you know that coloring picture that
you gave me I have a net now go
downstairs and like what was that smells
like Christmas is smells good good you
have not been here just virtually this
is nice I'm excited whatever
oh are you trying to say hi to me guess
that chocolatey pink one say hi to
Porter can you guys give each other I
hello cousin kiss think I don't know
about dad showing Julie the bathroom and
stuff I'm like this is like one of our
favorite bathrooms but we never use it
this is the upstairs main bathroom and
you would think that we'd use a lot but
we're actually in our room a lot and
back there so we use the laundromat unn
and then our bathroom I know my favorite
picture and just like opening drawers at
our news that's nice man you got me so
my dress Jack's not ready he's in a
spider-man outfit kids are playing and
most pictures over there Jules
Oh Ellie your home is perfect babe
you
well I think I'm getting emotional I
think we just made our final phone call
to solidify everything for what we're
doing today and by now you probably
already know what's happening or at
least have an idea but we it's it's like
it's done I guess this is gonna happen I
can't wait I'm so accepted I'm already
getting butterflies okay
okay guys we are so close to a million
subscribers and I remember when we very
first started this we thought oh no
maybe people won't get like a hundred
followers and then we got 100 followers
and I thought okay I wouldn't we'll
never get like a hundred thousand never
and it's just it's gone crazy our whole
life has changed our whole family
dynamic has changed for the better and
it's all started because of the
infertility journey that we went through
our infertility journey has changed our
life it's been an awesome experience
being able to share just a little part
of our lives with others and being able
to hear your guys's stories and it has
made us better people like the guy feel
like feel like I'm a little more
open-minded because I've been able to
hear other people's stories instead of
travelling to all these countries I've
been able to interact with you guys when
you're in other countries and see how
you guys were raised and your family
dynamic and it has really changed Jared
NIH's whole life we've been able to
relate to so many of you guys and in
turn we have had so much hope given to
us and I hope that you guys have
received so much hope we have received
the greatest gift and now we want to
give that back and even though there is
a million people that have decided to
click that little button to subscribe to
see a little part of our days I wish we
could do more but we are able to save
and think about this for a really long
time we've been we've been saving and
this has been on our minds for years and
I never thought that we would really do
it to be honest but here we are right
now we are so happy to announce that we
will be funding and in vitro cycle from
one of you guys I remember when we did
hit like a hundred thousand then we hit
300,000 and 500,000 I remember we would
be like what do you want to do and we
hit a million should go to cruise yeah
she goes skydiving were to go something
crazy and fun and exciting and as time
has gone on and our life has gone on and
having Calvin and little puppies and
into a home I just we just don't it's
really fun to travel we will continue to
do that and that's what's kind of been
fun about this job but we're how do your
entire - we just we really want to be
able to give back and this is something
that we feel would be best for us best
for our family and hopefully our kids in
the future they'll see this and see how
you should be giving and some we're very
grateful for our blessings this is a way
for us to say thank you for the past
three years four years I don't even I
can't even keep track anymore for all of
the experiences this is one simple way
that we can say thank you and and we're
very excited to do it
my entire life ever since I was a little
kid I remember going to physical therapy
for the first time and someone helped me
out and ever since then I wanted to help
people and I think this is a way that we
can start really affecting people we
have worked really hard and we've done a
lot of research and we've spent hours
and hours with with lawyers with
foundations with fertility centers we
have funded a grant through the
footsteps for fertility foundation and
we are sponsoring a contest to see who
of you guys will receive that grant in
order to enter the contest we'll have a
link in the description that goes to a
page that will explain all of the rules
and everything that you need to do and
there's an application now the
application a national grant normally
costs $100 to apply to you don't want
people to be spending money
for us to give somebody a infertility
treatment right so we worked really hard
to get this down to ten dollars a ten
dollar application fee and that does not
go to us whatsoever it just goes to the
processing of these applications so in
short we want to hear your story we want
you to tell us your infertility journey
and how you're going to do that is by
submitting a two-minute video you'll
submit the video to us through we
transfer to Ellie and Jared contest at
gmail.com again there will be a link in
the description that takes you to a page
that goes over all of the rules and the
evaluation criteria that we will be
looking at and going over for these
videos so the contest starts right now
and you'll have until December 9th at
midnight Mountain Standard time to
submit your video and fill out the
application after receiving all of the
videos Ellie and I will watch all of
them and we'll probably shed a couple
tears here and there but we will watch
all of them and we will be selecting
finalists and those finalists will be
premiered on our YouTube channel and you
guys are going to help select the winner
by giving a thumbs up to your favorite
finalist video and to make it so it's
like fair we will turn off the lights
and comments after a certain period so
each video has the same amount of time
finally we will announce the winner on
December 22nd and they will receive a
grant to begin their IVF treatment
process we have nearly 1 million
subscribers in our audience is worldwide
and we know that there are people
worldwide who are suffering through
infertility right now however due to
legal and logistical reasons we can only
make this contest available in the
United States if you are facing
challenges with infertility or you know
someone who is facing challenges with
infertility please check out the link
down below we want you to win this grant
it would make us the happiest to have
this happen and to be successful and to
work again we encourage you to check out
the link in the description to see all
the rules and regulations of this
contest and we encourage you to apply we
want you to win we want this this was
this was a dream come true for us and we
want this to be a dream come true for
you guys I wish that we could do more
than
and as you know and IVF is very
intensive and I really hope and I know
that we will do this again in the future
and I'm really excited for this journey
that we are all going to go on this next
few weeks and I'm excited like Ellie
said there is only one person who will
receive this specific grant and that
means a lot of people may be
disappointed but we want to encourage
you to keep hope to keep your chin up
and keep moving forward
infertility is a struggle but you are
not alone we have 1 million people who
have not only got our backs but they've
got you hooked it's true I'm sorry I'm
getting so emotional but it's true you
guys know how we feel about it it's just
a big we're all in this together that's
right and that's the beauty of this
community and that's why we're doing
this you guys means so much to us and we
want to give back and that's what we're
doing today a huge thanks to Jared for
this for researching a lot of this we
thought we had this down pack and then
like a week ago we realized that there
are so many legal things that it's like
oh you can't just give someone an
infertility treatment you have to go
about it different ways like so Jared's
been on the phone for hours and up all
night and then up in the morning doing
his regular thing and then of all hours
in the night so huge thank you to Jared
there's father and all that's helped
we've had a few lawyers that we've
talked to so thank you guys so much like
this has been a not just a Ellie and
Jared process this is finished thank you
to all those who have helped out and may
the odds be ever in your favor
I'm not gonna say that he had dandelion
I know you do a little bit serious we're
dead be light-hearted seriously thank
you guys medicine
is the best medicine thank you guys we
love you we hope you enjoyed this video
we encourage you to apply check the link
in the description good luck and we'll
see you guys tomorrow see you tomorrow
bye never missed it
we haven't oh my gosh guys
