you want to moonwalk with me
good morning guys we are up early we are
all dressed but Sir wiped teeth are
brushed teeth teeth we are ready for the
day and I have a huge pile right here of
snacks sandwiches other snacks and
drinks coz where are we going but I do
not know where we're going we are going
somewhere fun we're writing on the other
kids we are going to the Curiosity
Museum Julie's gonna be there I think
some of her other family is to be there
from land inside of the family I'm
excited to see them all Emily's coming I
think and we're ready for the day Calvin
did awesome last night without inky good
morning guys hope you're having an
awesome day this morning it is just me
and penny how's it goin girl you having
fun today oh no you don't join those you
don't you uh knows you don't you on no
silly dog Ellie and the boys went down
with her family to go to the curiosity
Museum and I've got some stuff here that
I've got to take care of today involving
something that we've been talking about
for the past little while I want to make
sure all those loose ends are tied and
penny and I I can have a little fun
aren't we oh we're gonna have some fun
we're gonna have some fun alright we're
ready we made the long long drive we are
ready to go play to make it to
i hf it's better than a point light or
whether I get home
I had such a fun time without place
Jackson did you have fun
I don't even realize that we were
matching today Jackson and I look at
that that's so cute yes we are we are
going to cut these I don't know why I've
called it chubby speaker here but that's
right cause it doesn't have an H in it
and then I said in everyone's like cold
copies like Oh keep on straight mister
straight straight on the door
no this is I have a play area we just
left a huge play area I'm so excited to
eat here we're so hungry
hand sanitizer perfect oh hey rub it
together
here last year he had well this is fun
this is new we haven't done this in a
while
mom and dad picked me up and said hey
let's go to lunch I said okay I can
agree with that that's the kind of mom
and dad we are yeah
Flint Spokane I remember like Applebee's
is where we went like when we went out
to lunch we'd always go out to
Applebee's and you guys would go like
you'd have joan he pays a met joe and
most of you guys know Joan yeah it's
just fun so this brings back a lot of
memories I'm here I think I found it
ready hey wait wait oh there that's a
spot right there
oh do you like that spot does that feel
good to you does that feel good to you
all right
you did good yes here good girl you know
you
I feel like the home alone I did you
know things if I don't even know that we
lost you huh you know go ice skating you
know what I see that Mommy and Daddy
we're gonna come back we're gonna get
hot chocolate we're to go ice skating
and we're gonna have a date here good
evening yeah that was really
nerve-racking I just ran clear over
there to here we had all the kids I look
Jon's like where's Jackson and then I
busted it out of their house so frantic
I thought I didn't think I did eyes you
has no idea he was standing at the ice
skating rink looking in but that was
really scary I didn't know if someone
took you or if I lost you that made me
so sound so glad that turned out okay Oh
have a kiss yeah so you just really see
the ice skating was cool
it's crazy as we've been like out kind
of sharpen but Bonnie and Julie for
Julian the whole time you're in stores I
kept looking at both kids so I knew okay
I see both kids are my line of sight
like the whole time I was looking at
both kids and the one time I thought it
was really scary like I hate that
feeling that sinking feeling in your
heart you're heavy okay you walk Oh
pull my hat the scary feeling that you
have in your stomach that you lost your
kid or something's happened I was all
for nothing like coming home to a nice
glow to the face are you okay you've got
poor lip of yours huh the door the door
let's go get it um Jackson like ran
across the house left on the hardwood
totally face-planted it's not new oh but
kind of okay you have something for me
ah my sunglasses where did you find them
not just really look at them they're not
just any sunglasses really look like
they're my oakley's where were they we
lay in the stroller yet oh my gosh I'm
so happy like oh you're always you spend
so much money on
we lost some Jared tried retracing steps
in the blog Oh
so what sunglasses was that what
happened was I wearing after that just
in like cheap old Sun well just wanted
her in the car I mean they're just
regular I forgot we retrace my blogs we
called stores yeah cuz they were so
expensive but yeah how do I look yes mam
yatha I was like picking up stuff in the
stroller is that little pocket if you
don't really use it I was like wow I'm
surprised they weren't shattered we
haven't used the double stroller for a
long time yeah that's the lamest dance
either
yeah I like it you dance Jackson today
at the place you can dance what you want
to moonwalk with me we have had a busy
day of playing haven't we Jackson I like
me we watch a Christmas show it's
bedtime we don't do this very often
where we let Jackson stay up they need
popcorn watch a show but even though
I've been with him all day I just feel
like I just want to like sit cuddle with
him so we're going to watch a show we're
watching Mickey Mouse Christmas and look
look what's going to go on the fireplace
we're watching look at the fireplace
Jackson look over there
is it good turn on there you go what do
you think sapphire yeah yeah it's hot
don't touch I guess it here what heats
up watch a show I collect Calvin to bed
no tears no guys doing great no pinkie
for him
Julie said thank you today and I was
like what you're my kid you did pretty
good for you watch our show thank you
guys so much for watching today Easter
coming apart of just a little snip bit
of what our day looks like we had so
much fun being with Julie my heart is so
so full and the us social will see
tomorrow
if you guys want to feel free to
subscribe and give a thumbs up I cannot
believe we're so close to a ballet and I
can't even believe it yep right that
see you tomorrow hi black guy Oh
