hey mr. Magoo oh that's that's the sound
when he wants to see the puppy he said
I'm ready
whoa whoa whoa whoa me me me me me
good morning guys Calvin and I are just
practicing our singing skills or
something like that we are having fun Oh
Jackson you're a little flat on that one
maybe go maybe bring it up a little bit
and then you'll be right on key sound
good yes we are just hanging out here
we're letting mom sleep because she got
back super super late oh you think
that's funny do you think that's funny
huh nigga okay mommy's probably
definitely awake right now
well guys it is at nap time and we want
to film something very special and I
kind of wanted the boys in here but
Jackson is really cute like I need to be
outside with my dog Jackson penny are up
there playing but today marks a very
crazy day for Calvin your binky has to
go and the reason why it has to go is
because it's kind of breaking now and
I'm not going to buy another one and so
we'll cut to be shot and he can have
this stuffed animal the binky there's a
hole in it now and so it's really not
good for him to have and this is not
gonna be a fun process and he's probably
not even going to understand it look how
it's broke it's broke you cut it off
this is what we did with Jaques if you
open the trash can up you need to put
your binky in the trash and say bye-bye
hey we can't have it no more hey you can
have this animal but no more binky no
more binky
we're gonna say goodbye but by all done
the binky no more binky
say buh-bye
say bye-bye all done hey I know
say pop I say buh-bye now
time I'm anxious to see how the school
go you have your animal you have your
sippy cup the reason why we have waited
as long as we could to take the binky
away is because Calvin had a rough life
the first year of his life and there's a
lot of things that were going on and I
just wasn't about to take a binky away
it was really soothing to him he also
didn't sleep until like 2:00 it's
probably been about three and a half
months now that he's sleeved and so
that's a long time that he didn't sleep
and I was about to disrupt his sleeping
by taking a binky away but today is the
day and I'm really so sad but I think
you'll do okay he's just really tried
once he lays down neurons left so we're
gonna lay down and we'll see how he does
all right it's been about 10 minutes and
he seems to be doing good I hate taking
the be gooood he gets so sad when Calvin
was having some struggles probably like
six months back I had taken him to a
dentist cuz we were doing all sorts of
things like with his neck and I took in
to a dentist as well just to just have
his jaw just everything just looked at
and we were talking about the because
his teeth were for me and he was like
you know a kid wants his binky till he's
two two and a half he's fine then the
mouth will expand and it'll go back to
normal he said so don't rush it and I'm
glad I didn't take it away when I did
because I feel like he needed it you
know like some kids just need things
other and I think that that was
something that too kalpen a lot and I
think he'll be just fine he's definitely
old enough to not have to have it I do
think that he understands that he won't
have it like even though he was like
crying and stuff saying goodbye I just
think that he'll be okay
he's down only 10 minutes of a little
whining and hopefully tonight will be
good he's been sleeping great for naps
and bedtime now so hopefully this won't
disturb it but when I go in and like
check on him and stuff he never has the
binky huge like how that to pulsate but
he doesn't like continue to suck on
that makes sense what's up become a name
guys yeah we just had so much fun
outside hang oh my gosh they were just
running back and forth with each other
it was the cutest penny I Cal you slept
three and half hours good joy that was
good how'd you sleep
yeah drunk I see Jackson should go get
penny no go get penny the puppy huh if
you didn't see the side of me it's pi
because I very rarely show you I'm a
superhero ready set go
see how strong I am
Jeezy Astro yeah Calvin just needs some
loves from you okay jack says try it
again
Calvin you guys are still in your
jammies
that's my fault a lot of times when
Jackson plays Super Heroes he does this
because he's like shooting fire or
something
when I get mad at him and he gets in
trouble when I do the serious mom eyes
and I say Jackson Clark sometimes he'll
do this and I don't let him do that when
I get mad at him because he that's him
doing an attitude I'm like so he does
that when I'm getting upset with him
like in the middle of it he'll huffin do
that and I'll say don't you put fire in
my eyes and goes because he knows he's
just being a stinker but we do this when
we play not when you get in trouble huh
okay one more time Ready Set we'll see
who wins go oh I win every time ready
set go
Oh
ah ready-set-go
kidnaps your turn
Johnson hurry right now towers Jackson
the mask is coming off dead no here my
mask came off that means I'm back to mom
they're not a superhero so for the past
little while while we've been going like
shopping and everything we've been
picking up some like canned goods and
some clothes here and there and Ellie
just made a big trip and got some like a
big haul of like canned goods and
non-perishable foods and some toys that
we can donate so we've got a van full of
some bags full of goodies that we're
gonna go donate to like Toys for Tots
Food Bank and some other places for some
clothes for kids to wear and we're going
so we can show Jackson during the
holidays it's good to give back and he's
at the point where he's gonna learn
these things and he's gonna know that we
do this and I think it'll be helpful for
him to see as we go along every year
doing these these kinds of things so
hopefully he'll learn a good lesson from
from some this and Calvin too obviously
but I don't think you'll quite
understand it yet
hey mr. Magoo oh that's that's the sound
when he wants to see the puppy okay look
at you you've got your hat on and
everything he looks so stinkin cute with
your hat yeah
had to bundle up yeah it's cold outside
huh he said I'm ready
Parker
Oh
I have to save Calvin without his binky
today has been like surprisingly amazing
he only cried for what a couple minutes
and then he's gone but he's doing so
good I'm so proud of that little guy he
does really well with adjustments I
think the first part of his life he
wasn't the greatest but recently I would
say ever since he hit like a year he is
a year and a half I know just recently
I've lost three months yeah he's been
adapting to things really really well
and I'm just like our little boys
growing up you know Jackson turns 3 in
January
Calvin is 18 months penny is with us for
one week today oh how sweet is that you
know cute is cute all the kids are
asleep
penny is asleep and these are the times
that I love because you just get to
think about how your day went and the
things that you enjoyed about the day
the things that you would have done
differently about the day I love looking
back and be like I enjoyed these moments
with my family going on a walk with the
kids and penny was so much fun and
Jackson ran and laughed and laughed with
penny it was so sweet and I just loved
reflecting reflection is very important
and I like to reflect I do especially
well reflecting in front of mirrors kids
are in bed
penny is in bed one of my favorite
things to do is the night before we do
something like an activity is tough
everything done lunch is made clothes
laid out bags packed ready to go going
on a little adventure tomorrow and I've
got the kids as outfits laid out got
their shoes laid out the bag done lunch
is packed and Jared and I are just
getting ready to wrap up the night and I
was so excited jared has done Secret
Santa read it for years I've done it two
years I think but this is their eighth
like year of doing so they done it for a
long time but it's so much fun and he's
had fun with it he's gotten some really
fun things doing it and he's been able
to give really cool items as well and
Jared say Kelly to Salah stage you want
to do it I was like I think that'd be
really fun who do I have so his name is
Charles yeah Charles and your head
chance to be part of the secret
and I want to do together him as
girlfriend that's cute Wow they met
doing EMS I know what I got to do
something really fun for them they save
people's lives like that's so cool your
favorite books Harry Potter hit dogs and
cats if you could travel somewhere
Israel puts so cool well I'm really
excited for this that'll be fun to find
something that it's it's cool because
you get to like meet new people type of
thing like it's like a gift exchange so
you get to learn about other people and
Surprise them I love surprises
I know well thank you guys so much for
watching today really appreciate it we
are so close to a million followers I
remember the day it was like we have 60
followers today and I remember thinking
one day we might get on 2,000 we'd never
have 500 never a million holy crap we're
almost there
that's so cool thank you so cool thank
you an elder I think one the edits and
the uploads is your idea and so cool
seriously so amazing so humbled or
really excited for this mark in our life
we have hopefully something will pan out
that we're trying to do right now that
would just be really amazing so thank
you guys for watching stay tuned we'll
see you tomorrow can be a great day hi
bye wow that was really hard it's your
fault
penny why'd you let us study
