oh thanks buddy
I appreciate all your help right now you
are are you helping me clean no your
what we called moral support good
morning from Utah it is snowing it is
cold it is windy Kelvin you should be
grateful and happy that you are inside
he wants to go outside though
he's eating some breakfast Jackson's God
is get up on it like you counting off
you could see the snow but it is snowing
and windy penny where are you
Penny's doing her morning potty break
Jared is hiding behind the post huh
where she goes that's a family Jackson
say I'm cold hi
-
well I am so excited for today because I
am going to get really ready after penny
gets ready as well we get a little brown
paw print Superman's birthday Joel got
her carry underwear tickets but not just
her he got it for all the sisters so I
am taking the morning and I'm going to
get really ready and I'm really excited
I can wear my little onesie bodysuit
some high-waisted black pants and boots
need to grab some fun jewelry so excited
for my date
penny are you gonna help me get ready
and more unbeautiful wait did you just
say just the sisters mom I'm not going
to carry nope
ha no because you think she smelled like
heaven and I don't want you around her
no like heaven I have smelled her
because I was very close to state yep
one time charges security of his old
work and he was like right next one
all right for my mascara I am using this
mascara that I got at Sam's Club it's
called the kitty thick and it came in a
packet too I was like oh that's like a
good price for the mascara and look at
the difference between my eyes this is
one coat guys like look at that it looks
like I wear fake eyelashes this is what
I've been wearing the last PI 2 weeks so
that's what I'm doing and I'm really
excited to show you my lips look like
all right--so lipsticks a lot of you
guys have been saying le what color
lipstick are you wearing I really I've
said this before but in the description
I want to start like putting the names
because that is a question that I get a
lot but lately if I'm wearing a bold
color I am wearing lip scent and this is
fly girl and it's red that's what I
normally wear and then a few other
colors that I like to wear is apple
cider and aussie bros and napa are the
main colors that i have been wearing
lately and then if i just wear a nude
it's just whatever nude lipstick that i
have but today I'm wearing fly girl this
has been a love-hate relationship I
really hated lip since at first I hated
that I thought why would anyone do this
but I just took my lush exfoliator my
lip exfoliator and I put a little bit on
a q-tip and kind of rub it on my lips
and then you can it sounds gross if you
can't you can like lick it off because
it's like mint or just wipe it off or
whatever you want I usually just lick it
off and this I walked in and I heard you
saying
I just lick it off just like enough no
idea what you're talking about I'm
leaving let me do my thing if after a
lipstick I'll be done with my makeup and
then under my hair
you
all righty the puppy is asleep time to
try and be quiet but I am ready for our
concert look how long my hair is in the
back I cannot move how long it's getting
I'm ready and because we are ready I can
get be really fun to do something really
fun when the puppy and the Calvin wakes
up hey Jenny I'm sorry but no matter how
hard you try you're gonna be stuck under
there yeah she's just like this squeeze
her way I mean it we will we'll get her
out oh oh maybe
oh are you stuck that's like her
favorite I know she loves it we just
wrapped up a meeting at our house I'm
excited for things that are coming up
I've said this before but I'm excited
and things are progressing and they're
they're going really well
now as soon as Calvin wakes up we are
gonna do something fun as a family we
are gonna take family photos with the
new puppy
hey penny do you want to take some
pictures with us cuz you're the new
family member huh should we take some
new puppy photo family photo shoot
actually you just woke up from a nap we
need to take you outside so you don't
pee yeah we don't want you to pee on the
house okay should we go outside let's go
let's cross a score say let's cross I
come on penny come on hey let's go see
oh gotta get my coat you guys know that
Ellie is going to the concert she's
leaving in like ten minutes so we have
like ten minutes to take these family
pictures and howl them to sleep go on
three hours who is this kid when he was
younger he didn't sleep at all now he's
going on how long over a three-hour nap
that's crazy
so we're just gonna get wait it out
today penny just EV light shineth under
the couch like she's growing up I want
to get pictures of my kids what we'll do
that maybe well we're gonna wait it out
and we'll see if if Calvin wakes up
before you have to go
and if not we'll see how it goes from
there I'm good
sorry Charlie looks like we're not
getting pictures today okay you can
maybe take a few yeah I'll take some of
the kids and the dog and we'll do family
ones some other time or something I
don't know we'll figure it out well
maybe do a photo shoot the puppy photo
shoot we'll just have to see how it
works out it's party time
are you ready to rock and roll
yes I brought you back your ring light
thank you very much did you like it it's
freaking amazing you guys are so funny
can you we just repeat what just
happened no I want you off your life I
love those eyes shadows amazing I just
did a tutorial on thank you so good we
literally we're just like admiring each
other oh you girls look stunning
you guys both do you guys ready you guys
are gonna have a killer time oh shoot
Calvin our puppy will have a photo shoot
kids that music we're in a kind of scary
area we are in the canyon and when it
snows even though it doesn't like a lot
it's a lot well it is cold and Utah so
this is a scary spot there's a few cars
that were on the side of the road Wow I
know you're like that's the worker
people are digging them out but we're on
our way to celebrate you your birthday
Bonnie I just love you I just love you
how I was looking at pictures so I could
post picture of Bonnie and I and there's
a picture was laying in the tent at
Scout camp because my dad is a
Scoutmaster for nine years and it's
weird how like nowadays that probably
would not fly having your kid yeah your
girls come but back then um we got doubt
on scout trips and we had
ten and we I remember taking that
picture we send away together we did
gonna party and I'm really excited over
fitting everyone up free to go to dinner
pretty good little party the only one
that hippy America yeah the melting pot
oh so gimme my head to dinner so Julie
and I were just looking at each other
and we were getting like really close
laughing and every vogue for life are
you wearing lips and we hear this
doesn't stick I filmed it putting it on
it did that last on the oven there we go
it's a love-hate relationship I've been
meaning to do a video on and I just have
it yeah funny channel I love it anyway
so yeah we get kids on how many wives
here I have no idea how this happened
haha I'm laughing about it which i think
is a good thing anyway it's very small
I'll straight Calvin woke up from his
nap and Jackson and I dropped off mom at
there at her house and we ran a couple
of errands with penny she came along
there with us and the instant we got
home I was like you know what we're
gonna take some quick family pictures
just of like the boys and Penny to like
just to see how much penny grows and
everything as soon as we walk in the
door
Calvin climbs up onto this thing it was
over here climbs up onto this thing and
spills this entire cup of chocolate milk
and I'm cleaning up all over here what
you don't see left here is all over
Calvin's shirt the one we are going to
take pictures with so I think Jackson
unfortunately pictures are out of the
question
yep there's some underneath the chair
here darn it okay we've got to clean
this mess up okay okay
are you want to help me clean it up yeah
and that too I wouldn't have penny come
help us but this is chocolate we don't
want her to lick it up okay oh thanks
buddy I appreciate all your help right
now
oh you are hey are you helping me clean
no your what we called moral support
there you are mr. mess maker
let's see your shirt whoa Oh your shirt
is sopping wet let me see your face let
me see your face let me see your face
why'd you just do the evidence where is
it ours right there I see it I see the
evidence is right there it's all over
your face it's all I need the truth did
you do it wasn't you Hey so all genders
are here we are at the melting pot none
of us have eaten dinner here except
Julie I've had dessert here and we were
ordering food and you're like cuz we're
figuring our time limits and stuff is
like okay we're going to do the cheese
portion then the dessert portion I'm
like how soon can the dessert portion
get to Elsa that's the vibe
funny we all laughed at it so I'm
excited this is
you
alright guys I have some news that I
want to share with you something that I
want to tell you guys Ellie's family
talked about doing something fun and
cool for the holidays that involves you
guys you guys here in Utah and what we
decided to do is a little meet-and-greet
and like a toy drive or food drive type
of thing so what we're doing is this
Saturday December 3rd from 5 to 7 p.m.
at the Roy Utah fire department we are
having a little meet-and-greet if you
guys want to bring toys or
non-perishable foods we will be
collecting those and dropping them off
at the fire department and they will
take them and give those toys or that
food to those who need it if you want to
meet us and do that if they have these
amazing Christmas lights it's going to
be a lot of fun we're planning on having
like hot chocolate and cookies and stuff
just to have some fun and enjoy each
other's company and do something great
for the community around us I'll have
some more information in the description
down below if you guys are interested
but again this coming Saturday December
3rd from 5 p.m. to 7 p.m. at the Roy
Utah fire department we're having a
little toy and food drive and we would
love to see you guys there
and you know what we have grazie thank
you Joe but what made of my night was
not only being able to watch Carrie
Underwood's I'm eating charity she was
such a cute little girls
it is 12:15 I'm so tired we are on our
way home we'll be home at 1:00 1:15 we
got some snacks that we're gonna eat on
my home
I told Bonnie that I'm done for the day
I have untucked my onesie so my little
strap can just like hang out so oh my
but cheese could not handle it anymore
oh look who we have here
hi I made it I wasn't it was so good I'm
so glad my face I cling straight you're
such a rebel how's your day it was good
I mean the boys have fun we just played
have them let Mikey Kurt in sizes oh my
gosh that picture I'll post it right
here it's on my Instagram it's just he's
so cute the boys are just growing up
like crazy thank you guys so much for
watching hope you had a wonderful time
if you enjoyed it be sure to give the
video a big thumbs up if you're not
subscribed hit that subscribe button and
cuz we're doing wedgies oh hey mom
thanks for watching bye
