Oh oh my goodness how sweet is that
yeah Jackson let's see your haircut look
at me me
we're getting ready to say goodbye but
not too jewy we'll still see her I know
or he wants to drone it up
it is snowing I don't know if you could
see it but it is starting to snow so fun
such a fun morning good morning guys we
are leaving the beautiful cabin we were
heading home
see you later it was a fun weekend
thanks for being Kevin thank you for the
fun listen pup all I want you to do is
go poopoo that's all I want
well not right this second don't go foo
right now that would be really perfect
we just left the cabin and we said
goodbye to Landon he is flying back
today and we are just making our way
back or taking a little pit stop for
penny to go potty
do you know go potty while we're here
Ellie okay hey should we just wait until
we get home for you to go poopoo we
talked about poop uh-huh too much baby
whatever you gotta do to make him happy
or anything
Paperclip put on the cream pie look
funny yeah limas that's a silly cake
yeah hope smash and introduce ourselves
Mendelian ISM hey hi hey hi say bye bye
say bye bye late tip top of the Nortons
cherry doctor haha well darn it
penny I think this is the last time that
you'll be under there you're stuck you
are stuck under the couch come on man
can you get out no she was struggling
you okay can you get out
hmm you got in there you should be able
to get out come on Jerri lift up the
couch okay I'll lift up the couch come
on ten come on up come on out there you
go
silly dog you know I took her on a rock
Cessna and she got into the background
and she got so excited was just like
running around like crazy like it like
she missed the place I was wondering
when this day would come
penny vs. the vacuum get a penny get it
Calvin was scared of the vacuum for a
little while
and my dogs would bark at the vacuum
like Antion wrinkles they like would
play with it and everything penny it's
okay come here come here come here
Farkle is from Calvin Jagan Chris's
father do you really okay
Oh oh my goodness how sweet is that
yeah Jackson let's see your haircut look
at me me
okay look at me look at me now turn
around good that looks great yeah you
can bite that here take that yeah good
girl yeah you do high five bud
good get it pain get it
I don't think you saw but the other day
she was barking at the drill like it
wasn't the drill that we set up the the
thing outside no it wasn't on it was
just like standing there and because I
was using it and you know all that stuff
she's like you're my mortal enemy now
and just started barking at it it was so
funny it is snowing outside it is
beautiful but it's not snowing like at
the bench it's snowing up towards the
higher parts of the mountain and it just
looks really really nice and I'm
thinking to myself I can get some sweet
drone footage with that
so I drove up here I've got the drone
and I'm gonna see what I can get up
there but not only that I've got a
little twist that I'm gonna try
hopefully this works out okay I know
what you thinkin Jared you look
ridiculous but I've had this headset
it's a little virtual reality headset
and I was thinking what if there's a way
to hook up the drone there you are drone
to the headset and have virtual reality
through the headset through the drone
through the headset something like that
so I'm trying that out there's an app
that I found I'm gonna try and see what
happens and we'll see if we can get eyes
up in the sky virtually something like
that I'm excited okay first things first
let's get this guy up in the air
okay I think I've got it you guys ready
for this
here we go snowing
I know it's like crazy I didn't I didn't
think it'd be this wet let's go sighs
happy birthday to Bob let's go everybody
done yeah there you go
yeah so funny finger day singing loud
that was so sweet because anyone else is
melting over here you want to sing it
again go for it sing it one more time
sing a loud and proud boy what a sweet
boy he was singing to you by lincoln my
see you guys happy birthday Vaughn see
ya bye bye
you gotta stand up oh you're coming with
us
bye my what a sweetie okay see you guys
are you saying it too are you saying
buh-bye
you say buh-bye say buh-bye
okay we're going to bed say goodbye say
bye bye you know when you have a baby
and you wake up in the middle of the
night to breastfeed or bottle feed the
baby and you wake up a few times and
you're just like I'm starting to feel
that but we don't have a baby we have a
puppy penny last night got up I think
like once every hour or something like
that so I'm hoping she does a lot better
this potty training is going well but
it's taking its toll and I'm starting to
think I should have given Ellie more
credit where it was deserved when she
was feeding the baby in the middle of
the night when I wasn't doing it so
Ellie here's your credit you deserve it
but seriously potty training is going
really well she hasn't had any accidents
in the house I think since like the
first or second day things have been
going really well with potty training
penny everyone in the house is asleep
except for me so I am going to go ahead
and call it a night
this was such a fun weekend we had a
blast with all of the family and now
heads off to start a brand new week I
hope you guys have a wonderful week do
something awesome do something amazing
it is the beginning of the holiday
season it's a very special time to do
something for someone else and that's
what I'm going to try and do let me know
what you guys do and we'll see you guys
in our next video if you enjoyed it be
sure to give a thumbs up if you're not
subscribed hit that subscribe button and
we will see you guys tomorrow thanks for
watching bye
