oh there's kids re oh that's cool you
guys are just like the cutest things
ever look at you guys you are the best
and I love you hmm I love you mmm
guys the holidays are a very special
time for us because we get to do things
and give back and we were so excited
when Amazon and Huggies came to us and
asked if we would help them make a video
Ellie and I made a video with Amazon and
Huggies and the video is live on Amazon
right now I'll have a link to it down
below for you to check out I would love
for you to see it it brings us all
together to help others in need and this
is the time and season meant dedicated
for that I would love for you guys to
check it out link to it down below it's
very very cool and special good morning
guys are you ready for a weekend filled
with the whole Griffith plan are we
ready
we've got the group is the Druze the
break is the whole eans like we are all
getting together and I'm real excited
George filling up the car with some air
and look at pretty penny kids are you
ready yeah are you most excited to see
yeah yeah chaddy is it who you're
excited to see well chatty work on that
Jeff little miss pretty princess penny
demanded a potty break I think you
better be going oh good girl
it's good like she said working and
letting us know that's like a huge good
sign that potty training is being
effective right now we're letting the
dog take a break and I have this
beautiful scenery and we've got a
beautiful drive ahead of us I hope there
I can't oh that's where the Ruby's
parking really oh I think maybe great
well I you see look at your shirt you
look so good hi Bobo
oh you look good this is really fun we
get a party every party to give me a
party yeah Jackson did you find Chad
well he's been talking about you for two
days
Chad I know ghosty Chad and uncle Ruby I
know I know I know
uncle really he's been ready to see Chad
are you dr. Kevin is trying to really
maybe it isn't any good to be a good
example for when they get okay we are
playing around the world with the
ping-pong table and I'm not gonna ping
pong at all you guys ready let's go
that's one point I'm good when I step on
I stepped on Legos
no wonder it has a pain in theory of a
thousand suns a new contender has
arrived Rollins into the match
oh wow certain particles Bon Jovi so we
boys come out now and then there were
three
father verse Sun spins and paddle spin
and pedals okay now there's six of us
the ultimate showdown mono e mono e mono
e mono e mono e mono not sure how many
that was it was mom you guys ready
yeah
if you thought we were having a good
time downstairs playing ping pong wait
till you see all of these kiddos
everyone having fun whoo
there you go Jax whoa look at that view
though in the background that's
beautiful okay who's gonna jump in go
for it go for Jules football oh man
puppies football and puppy penny just
cuddled up right here next to Chad she
is Zonk t' out for a little while she's
so cute she's so cute Andy come here
give me your sister soon come here
you're gonna pet her Jackson well yeah
come here come here you come here you
come here you all right I think
everybody's had a turn holding Penny and
I think she oh you have a hit I haven't
I see you guys have it I think they're
all just looking for a second you know
what I think
Kenny is loving this she is a very love
oh my god and she hasn't had an accident
which is thank goodness she's been
outside a lot she's been loving it
getting some snow goes in that is so
sweet huh you're such a good puppy penny
you know that
are you guys waiting in line to hold the
puppy is that what's going on they're
lying to hold the puppy I'm gonna have
to start charging you guys to hold the
puppy it'll be five dollars if you want
to hold the puppy okay Jackson okay
it'll be five dollars if you want to
hold her
do you have five dollars five dollars
will hold the puppy anyone going once
going twice
um you can pay me back how about that I
see your Schwartz as as big as mine
let's see how well you handle it you
look like you're from Spaceballs you
know that
oh you know it was fun watching you guys
do that but it was more fun watching
like kid by kid run by there's kids
everywhere
I'm sorry no that's cool
oh we're trying to get everybody's
picture
we just got Calvin to bed and Penny to
bed I'm Jackson and some of the cut John
a little fun activity I'm seriously this
is Ruby led yet and it was so brilliant
just little canvas for all the kids
looks like a little eight by ten or
something like that you're painting me
and the sisters we're gonna paint we're
gonna try and paint this uh-huh like we
did that painting class well just put a
bird on it put a bird on it yeah but it
looks and looks really good yeah it
looks like a mountain with the some sky
and everything well you know what she
should she should put a bird on it put a
bird on it perfect
Ellie put a bird on it put a bird on it
Chuck Jackson yeah that's a good
painting you guys are all doing such a
good job I'm nervous
you're gonna do great before we show you
guys our finished product I have to show
you guys what it looks like halfway so
this is the picture I just found on
Instagram just a picture that we're
trying to replicate and this is what
I've got so far and that looks beautiful
Ruby paint felt like mom like very sweet
soft feathery motions
I'm jealous let's see yours Oh yours Oh
yours is better than you give yourself
credit a belly's rated its feet look at
that it looks very very good I like my
branches I'm impressed with those so far
we'll see how the bird turns out alright
there is the finished product it looks
so good this is Ruby's mine and Julie's
okay Ruby thanks for the fame thanks for
hosting this fun event it was love it we
are going to bed girls we're tired
you guys are way up past your bedtime
are you guys in a laughing fit now we
seriously had so much fun EQ so much
Ruby for hosting our fun family weekend
if you guys want to see other versions
of what we did today go check out all my
siblings I'll have their links down
below we'll see you guys tomorrow
goodbye
