yeah not in my house no more house shoot
it
okay go good morning guys
happy Black Friday do any of you guys go
shopping on Black Friday
we don't sometimes we've done some
things online but today all I want all I
want is like I get I go anywhere I don't
want to do anything I just like want to
be home with the kids and the puppy take
her on a walk we're eating some hot
chocolate penny is being a good girl she
has gone to the door a few times to like
go potty and there's about a few times
where we haven't caught it and she's I'm
accidently gone potty there but I feel
like she's catching on really fast I'm
she's been such a good girl she's
sleeping really good so when she does
buy we say no bite we let go and then we
give her something that she can't chew
on which is this good girl
so that's all I want to do today is
spend some time with you guys and just
like me just be hon we need jackets for
sure today but it is such a nice day out
we got penny outside Kelvin is far but
we need get you out silly Jax's play at
the basketball hoop a lot of you guys
are new and we've had a lot of questions
about are you guys going to get grass
why do you have so much rock so it looks
like there was a ton of Rob I mean there
is this hole down section is kind of
like fire pit there's lots of pavers
this section is going to be grass
there's a walkway to the hot tub there
will be trees on that little ledge right
there this is the kids play area where
there's a slide a hobbit hole this is
all going to be grass grass is going to
be all up along there and now that we
are up at the top in the spring they're
going to level all this house this is
going to be all flat and this is going
to be one
look at all this room like all this will
be grass for the kids to play the dog to
run in the spring and summer this is
going to be done and it'll be really
nice for the kids but for now we're just
gonna play in the dirt and that's what
we've got to work with so we'll just be
dirty this winter and that's okay you
two are on the top of the mountain look
at you there's already some grass huh oh
my and you're on top of the dirt pile
crazy whoo come on penny good job
let's go pen come on good girl good girl
here's your ball oh hey I love this hog
all this is gonna be so fun to December
actually I'm the winter this is an igloo
though we don't have to build an already
here it's gonna be fun
mom hot chocolate in here all right the
puppy is asleep Calvin's asleep daddy's
resting cuz he was up a long white night
last night with the puppy and we saw a
bunch of deer in the backyard it was
really cool like before in the morning I
was like what is that in the yard there
was like ten deer and her backyard was
crazy I don't really want us watching TV
I have an activity that maybe I think
you would love what hey ready that's a I
look at it
what is it we are going to dig through
mommy's younger years I guess you could
call it after digging through my little
childhood box are you ready oh I told
him to close his eyes you did good
okay Kim here we are going to go
upstairs on the table you forget it
we're gonna they're called stencils and
we're gonna draw these on paper
does that look fun do you know that my
grandma I remember when she gave these
to me I was only like almost five
probably like four and I remember her
giving them to me I've been able to hold
on to them through all these years I'm
sure a huge help of my mom making sure I
keep track of them but I love them so
yeah we're gonna go upstairs and that's
what we're gonna do because I don't want
the TV on right now - on the edge of the
Denzil whoa that's pretty good okay try
and stay on the edge shoot do the
airplane yeah yeah you and what ones
this one are you angle that's a triangle
what's that egg it what's this yeah
does it start what's this one here I go
oh my goodness can you find the square
look for the square yeah oh good morning
mr. Calvin are you enjoying your
leftover turkey he had Turkey and he had
a salad and stuffing I'm finally getting
around to hanging up and organizing some
of our closets and whatnot in here these
are the boys is like seasonal items I
have some hooks in here for the kids is
snow gear this is Jackson's little shell
he's got his hats and gloves
Calvin's is in here he's got his snow
gear I need to get him some snow boots
and then these will be I need to figure
these up but these would be Jared and
ice and then maybe even tiny some stuff
up there as yours let's put your boots
back you want them on okay so I put
those on and did here the pantry I have
my aprons and what I really like about
it is you walk in and you'd have no idea
that they're there like you walk in
they're out of the way
they don't look cluttered you can tell I
was kind of in a hurry it's like totally
not even but does it really matter but
these are our aprons they're so sweet
like this is my absolute favorite we
have a cute enj one in there just really
cute aprons what oh you're ready to ski
we are gonna go skiing but it's just
there's not enough snow yet to go skiing
not yet are you going to be a tough boy
this year here to go skiing fast your he
went skiing but he was really really
little this time you could talk and
it'll be a lot different I give you a
skier oh hey guys how's it going
where have I been oh I don't know but
I'm here now and that's what matters
so Ellie and I have had this jumbo deck
box for the hot tub for quite some time
now and it's just been sitting in the
garage it's Black Friday it's the time
that you do stuff so we're gonna do some
stuff and we're gonna set it up and put
it all together and Penny I need you to
be a big help in this endeavor okay I
want you to put that box and take it to
the garage can you do that for me
good job so I think the having everyone
outside here has been fun and crazy at
the same time because we have all the
girl babes on the inside yeah we've been
jumping in some muddy puddles haven't we
Peppa Pig look at them just play
together
look how cute that is
we got a puppy we actually got a
babysitter to watch good get a penny
penny doesn't like the drill I guess
when I was drilling it was kind of
scaring her a little bit so now she's
kind of like I'm playing around with it
and kind of like weirded out by it no
this is what I love right here does all
I'm so excited about is just you being
my little buddy huh yeah hey my little
buddy
yeah okay there we have it that is the
box all set up ready to rock and roll
and I'm excited to show you what it
looks like because I think it
transitions really nice so you've got
the box there and then a hot tub there
and you're sitting wall right here so
kind of just like easily transitions
into it and everything we've got
like our floaties and everything our
life jackets the board some exercise
equipment that works with the hot tub
just everything you need and we're going
to put a bunch of towels in there as
well so you don't have to go inside
outside or just leave them out right
there from the inside so we'll have some
nice hot tub towels ready to go for some
swim and I hope Lana and Julie can make
it up here because I want them to go on
the hot tub I want them to try it out
cuz it's a lot of fun right
not at all I think it looks really nice
kind of fits in nice doesn't it hi
youtube you my sister she's been my
little work buddy today and I've loved
it and she's tuckered out from helping
me what's going on in here Oh is he
whining are you little winema coiners in
right now I think I just ate the
employee really bad two one get out Cal
get out oh yeah if you just work on your
vocabulary a little bit more we would
understand what you're trying to say
that Calvin has been learning to talk so
much lately
kissy Peppa hmm
I say safe buh-bye haha he should be so
first let me sad oh he does that you say
buh-bye buh-bye
cow Moos oh by little boy he does that
she's so silly last night when we were
having dinner didn't catch it on film
but it was most hilarious thing we asked
him to say something covered his eyes
and he ran into the couch he fell over
and he started laughing it was so funny
just this week he started talking Oh
bye-bye he's also really good at
ventriloquism why is the tub green and
yellow
did someone pee in the tub we had two
bath bombs and show me your dinosaurs
you've got little dinos so Jackson and I
are outside getting penny to go to the
bathroom just a couple more times before
she goes to bed and before Jackson goes
to bed and you're shooting basketball
aren't you
let's see it oh so close try again MJ
hey good shot
hey King do it again oh that was way off
you're joking on that one silly pants we
never hear Paul in the Meachem family
we're known to be really really great
basketball players yeah you did it okay
high five not my house no more house
there's some difference right there
sheet it yeah okay oh okay
I'll go in the dirt over here okay all
right go for it good boy okay I guess
dragon no Richard
okay I'll get you this then you get
you've got to do that at least 10 or 20
times as a dad right these are like dad
rules that I'm learning
good shot bud high-five Ellie do you
hear that not a sound
the kids are asleep the dog is asleep
and Ellie and I are just sitting on the
couch talking eating leftovers and
enjoying our company well each other's
company yeah place Oh kind of attitude I
think there's a remote and we can't find
the remote anyway I hope you enjoyed our
not typical Black Friday we didn't do
like any shopping today and I kind of
like that I thought it um I loved today
actually tomorrow is really fun my
sister rented a cabin thanks Ruby and
the whole family's critical party so
make sure you see us tomorrow and feel
free to subscribe I'll see you tomorrow
in the family got it thanks for watching
bye I guess if you like parties you can
subscribe thanks bye
