come and say buh-bye he's like being shy
and I love that where are you going
bye bye good morning and happy
Thanksgiving I am making my homemade
rolls I did a video of my mom on my
channel and Jackson's would help I mean
he goes oh no your friend is falling I'm
like what look the yeast is over falling
so we are good to go
Jordan it's hit me I every year would
wake up and my mom would have already
been up forever cooking yeah and that's
what I had to do I woke up early so I
could get ready and you look amazing
Ellie you look so good
and Here I am yeah the dog I was up with
the dog oh my gosh night and day
difference it was incredible the first
night she woke up every hour or every
two hours this time she only woke up
twice and she went potty both times it
was the best she's doing so good
you are doing so good you know that miss
penny huh yes you all dad so nice yet so
noise my rolls are just sitting here
getting ready to rise and I have a
little bit of extra bread leftover so
you know what that means I'm gonna make
a little baby bread I love it when I can
when I make the little versions he was
fun and Jack's really wants to help so
you roll this up for me I'll roll this
and get it some bread
Happy Thanksgiving
good to see you thank you I'm coming in
to check on on you guys and see how
you're doing we're doing great good oh
and there is this special guest how are
you oh so glad you could be here grandma
you excited you come over not to be here
too good excited to come over to our
place and have Thanksgiving dinner I do
good I mean we're excited to have you
have a great opportunity oh well we feel
less than honored to have you with us
today
you're so sweet and I'm grateful for you
grandma and I'm grateful for you thanks
I know my kids so we have like a little
deal this Thanksgiving the deal was
we'll have Thanksgiving in our house if
dad cooks the turkey because if you guys
remember two years we had Thanksgiving
at my parents house in Spokane and it
was the the most glorious the best the
most delicious turkey that you could
ever sink your teeth into and it was
cooked on the Traeger so it was a smoked
turkey so you are you currently smoking
it right now it is now cooking it smoked
for two hours oh and it's now cooking
we're trying very hard to have a repeat
performance of two years ago well I told
dad the other day I said if it's even as
half as good it will be amazing it was
that good probably the best turkey I've
ever had so I came to check in and see
if as a turkey okay as are things good
you want a peek yeah I'm a pig let's
give these guys a little early showing
of the turkey okay so we won't open it
very long because if you're a real
trigger purist you don't open your grill
no but we just want to get a sneak peek
real quick it won't be long Oh My
heavens the Betsy
that's no delicious okay call school
school that's all we need thank you Dad
you're well my my taste buds are
tingling
I know turkey is going at mom and dad's
house and these rolls are ready to go
they look so good Helly they're like her
oh my god how do you feel are you
excited this is like your very first
Thanksgiving and our very first
Thanksgiving in our house like it's
exciting I think making it yeah yeah so
trying to figure all this out and just
15 short minutes later a blink of an eye
to you guys let's take a gander Wow then
poof fogging up the lens those look
great a leaders done golden yeah I can't
wait to eat them good job let's look at
that little baby book okay
ah look at that that's a right there
Josh oh that's hot Jer and I are just
sitting here standing here just saying
how grateful that we are for each other
and kids are downstairs playing pennies
in a kennel dinner's cook and smelling
good and I'm just sitting here looking
at our mudroom and I'll come over here
and show you guys and this just made me
think of you guys like how cute this is
of all of your talents Ginger's sister
made that for us
sweet viewer made that for us as we help
you have a lot of people looking at us
in this know I ever thought that that
would be the case we have a lot of
people to be grateful for
yeah a lot of people out there in the
world around the entire globe are very
special to us and we're very grateful
absolutely love you love you and love
never let's go sit back on the counter
and make out Jackson are you admiring
our refrigerator I am in miring our
refrigerator because Ellie did probably
like the most amazing thing in the world
I mean are you not impressed you should
look in our pantry
yeah yeah we are stuck up you never have
enough sparkling juice whether it's
sparkling cider sparkling grape juice
with sparkling grape juice is like my
new fave but Ellie got us all stocked up
on Martinelli so we've got a bunch of
grape juice and a bunch of sparkling
cider and then I guess even more in the
pantry over here you know just in case
we run out let's see oh my goodness
we've got apple peach we've got
sparkling apple cranberry apple
pomegranate kappa berry that's when I
wonder apple cranberry like cranapple
why don't you call it crapple berry
that's much more efficient in funnier
these two boys are so excited to see
Grandma and Grandpa and Grandma great
they are waiting at the window for their
car to come and it is so cute oh not yet
but as soon as you see their car you let
me know okay and we'll we'll go outside
and we'll say hi to them okay
sound good yeah high five high five yeah
now give Calvin a high five oh good you
have voice do you see him are they here
wait for it wait for it
they're here should we go say hi
okay let's go let's go let's go let's go
I think Calvin wants one too hey thank
you jack thank you that was so nice of
Grandma grace are you gonna have one too
oh we got to take the rest proper you
too buddy thanks Ashley
now it's Thanksgiving and that means we
can't forget anyone even you penny daddy
got you a very special treat just for
you to partake of are you not impressed
first it's Calvin then it's you penny I
think that was a yawn do you want to see
this come on try that then
you go you're gonna like that you know
what we have a lot more so we'll let you
feed her the next time okay okay penny
you enjoy that dinner is ready and we're
going to say prayer and we're going to
partake of the delicious food
you
and remember we talked earlier we said
it was Thanksgiving and we're grateful
for what are you thankful for and one
more thing what else are you thankful
for what makes you happy makes me happy
too are you grateful for mommy does she
do a good job taking care of you are you
grateful for daddy does he do a good job
making you laugh are you grateful for
Calvin and Penny and Grandma and Grandpa
I'm gramma great good oh thanks Kay but
for my kids for you guys and penny she's
so cute and sweet and you oh okay sure I
think the older that I get the more
things I'm grateful for and I'm not sure
if that's because I have a knowledge of
more things that I'm grateful for the or
that more things have come into my life
that I'm grateful for but I think it's a
little bit of both but as of late I am
certainly grateful for the roof over our
head I'm grateful for our little family
Jackson and Calvin mommy and Penny now
she's a part of our family I'm grateful
for new opportunities and chances to
test yourself and to grow physically
mentally and socially we wouldn't be
where we are right now if we weren't
tested in different ways or things
didn't work out in one way and it worked
out in this another way I say the trials
that you go through don't define you
that's how you overcome those trials
that's what defines you and I'm grateful
for the trials that we go through in
that sense they're hard but they make us
better people when we overcome them
there's just so many things to be
grateful for
so I'm those are just just a few of the
things that I'm grateful for the trials
that ended I am grateful to be living
here by you guys home and to be here
Logan we love it I'm grateful for my
family and I'm grateful for my love and
belief in our Lord and Savior Jesus
Christ
and what he did for us and all those
other things too when I think of where
we were even even a year ago and where
we are now I just can't believe how many
blessings have come into our lives we
get to see you guys almost every day
it's so wonderful such a blessing in our
lives to be close to you we have energy
we feel healthy our business is going
well we just feel so prymus ly blessed
and we see the hand of God in our life
almost every day and it is just such a
tremendous blessing I'm grateful most of
all for the freedoms that we have I'm so
grateful for the United States and for
the sacrifices that the people made and
nearly fine your days of the early
colonial days I'm grateful to the
pioneers for what they did are bringing
the gospel for coming to Utah where we
live for the many blessings we have and
for the beliefs that we have in my
heavenly father and my Savior Jesus
Christ
knowing that that of this knowledge it
is such a blessing to me to be able to
look forward to being reunited with my
sweetheart someday and then I'm so
grateful for a wonderful family
they are my
biggest blessing and they're also good
to make and I especially like you
ahahahahaha thanks grandma
well I feel pretty good pretty good
about myself
right about now you ought to the list
goes on and on about the things that
were grateful for and we could go on and
on about them all day but what I'm
curious is is what are you grateful for
let us know in the comments down below
the one thing that you're most grateful
for all right what are you grateful for
penny huh are you grateful for scraps
that we may have dropped on the floor
huh or is that what you're grateful for
I'm grateful for you have you guys seen
Jackson where is he where did Jackson go
he's just here and oh there he is
Jackson aye who said that I don't know
who said that
I swear Jackson's here and then all of a
sudden poof gone just disappear it's not
always lost because Calvin will be able
to play with all of Jackson's toys if
Jackson doesn't come back that's right
so that'll be nice that'll be good for
Calvin right Calvin you'll have fun with
that
oh good I didn't really want to give all
of Jackson's toys a galvan thought have
been heartbreaking - she's not have
Jackson around where did he go
I swear he was just here I swear he was
just here I said okay one more
Seymour Nikki oil
please psycho look more Pokemon more
today star thing even more words any
sign so much more - she said Peppa Pig
Peppa Pig oh there is he's being shy for
you not until I have more dessert so
we've got two pumpkin pies one with a
pecan crust along the top one with outs
just plain pumpkin pie and an Ellie made
a delicious jell-o strawberry pretzel
thing cream cheese cream cheese thing
I'm not sure what would you classify
that as like a dessert casserole yeah
something like that
but delicious nutritious not so much but
good Calvin say bye-bye
he's like being shy and I love that
where are you going bye-bye
so I just finished doing the rest of the
dishes and I think everyone is asleep in
the house except for me even the dog i
layed kaolin down for bed I laid penny
down for bed and Emily was laying
Jackson down for bed she hasn't come up
in a little while so I think she may be
socked out there let's go take a look
she must have fallen asleep putting
Jackson down to bed that poor thing she
is exhausted she has worked her little
tail off today and I'm very proud of her
she got up way before everyone else
started everything getting everything
ready everything clean everything ready
to go for today and I love her so much I
am so grateful for her I'm grateful for
my beautiful loving kind spouse who
thinks of us before herself she is the
best and I am grateful for her we film a
lot of things but there are so many
things that Ellie does that you guys
don't see on a regular basis she's
always doing things for me for Jackson
for Calvin and help our little dog for
our house just she does so much and she
doesn't have to and you guys don't see
it but I want you to know that I love
and appreciate her so much because she
does so much for us and I'm so grateful
for her so nice of you to join us you
woke up yeah we brought my two girls
down here to the basement knows the
first time special privilege for you
penny and we are going to call it line
up and watch the movie so we got our
popcorn we got our ladies we got our
movie and we're gonna call it a night
thank you guys so much for watching we
are grateful for you I don't know how
many times we said it today but we are
we appreciate you thank you so much for
watching if you enjoyed watching the
video be sure to give it a thumbs up if
you're new to the channel and want to
follow along on the journey just hit
that subscribe button and we'll see you
guys tomorrow thanks for watching bye
