grandma just told them a bedtime or a
movie and they're all puppy dogging it
downstairs for maybe you have a litter I
can you're happy let's go find her okay
it wasn't a dream guys we really did get
a sweet
yes yeah Jackson is all about the
commands you know she's not gonna have
that icebox
no she's not gonna be able to under
there much longer huh I'm unloading the
dishwasher and little piggy is following
me everywhere like everywhere I'm ooh
she's right at my feet huh sweetie you
just right at my feet you have been so
sweet do you love her oh hey what is
going on in here ha ha ha and he's not
very happy cow this is pennies come here
pen well girl penny penny do you want to
join him in there
she was earlier Oh was she really oh yes
we he's chilling in there huh
okay goodnight Calvin I just put in my
second-to-last trays of Invisalign guys
I'm really excited so hopefully I will
be all done by Christmas and I am
sitting here making a list for
Thanksgiving dinner so we have our hope
my homemade rolls on my channel if you
guys haven't checked out me my mom did a
recipe for that so I have roll of
potatoes a salad stuffing and a dessert
that I'm making that's a lot especially
between the rolls and the stuffing and
then Jared's parents I think are making
some pies and the turkey so the big main
thing they I don't want to try it out
for the first time having people over so
I have my list of items that I'm going
to get you to make it and then Jax and I
were to run into town and get all this
stuff for Thanksgiving our first
Thanksgiving here and our home the
puppies asleep in Joe's office I'll show
you charts getting ready
Calvin's getting ready for a nap
so dude she's so cute she's not cute I
just love her okay
gotta get this list ready so I can start
cooking good morning guys I hope you had
a good sleep because me and Penny were
up all night together bonding and just
enjoying the moments outside out trying
to go pee did you go pilla in the middle
of the night she actually did pretty
good there was only two times in the
middle of the night where she was
whining in went out and didn't go peep
it's not your favorite spot she just
loves clonk crawling under the couch
it's like Labs have this they like to be
like surrounded so they like to be under
things they like to be like cuddled and
all that stuff that's what I love about
them is they just find these little
places uh-oh the Big Brother it's coming
upstairs give daddy hug oh how are you
good mmm give me kiss mmm I love you
inside sure better couch like a week I
know she might get stuck one of these
days and be like I can't get out like oh
it's on are white no bite cutter head
cutter
she died that hush we're teaching her
and GUI is to be soft with each other
okay Jackson it is time to feed penny
and I need your help
can you help me out okay you take this
OOP got it Oh got it
is it heavy okay you hold onto it real
good I'll grab her food bowl and her
water and we'll go outside we're gonna
feed penny okay okay you guys coming
yeah okay careful down the steps good
job OOP you too
okay there is your water and here is her
food bowl now can you pour just a little
bit of that into there checksum just
pour just a little bit just a little bit
pour just a little bit in there oh you
want to just use your hand okay that's
fine you're a good helper you know that
okay keep doing more
do some more it's okay good job now one
more big handful good job
do you guys remember or have you ever
had those Lego candies at any CCO and
they're like chalky little paste things
when I was little my mom used to always
get me a little paint set and I would
paint and I would get to choose a treat
and those are the treats that I would
choose in Jackson's painting little
ornaments right now and that is what I
always would do I would paint and I
would choose those treats they're so
like gross it was like chalky I know
they still film but it's just the
memories I'm kind of sitting here
cooking
Jackson's painting and it's just I just
remember that and his little treat of
the day was to suckers huh
are you having fun mister yeah Calvin's
asleep
Penny's asleep you just fall asleep in
the nook and cranny of everything I
don't know why I think this is so funny
but what you just said made me laugh and
smile two boys and a dog like we're
going
on our first family road trip like it's
very far road trip we're driving Ali's
mom's house but it's fun like I'm
shooting I got to get to the dog well
and I'm anxious to see how the boys do
with a dog and the dog does with the
boys in the car and just how that whole
situation is gonna work are you excited
to go bud yeah everything has been super
enjoyable I mean look at her she is
sitting in her bed playing with a chew
toy like how adorable
ah that was adorable too
our house is filled with adorableness
seriously desk is it our turn oh my game
I can hear the irony that was like the
kids the ever cheese I'm not sure if
we're gonna make it in time Ellie we've
got to do something quick people people
people play Lowe's book book book Chris
Christmas people beep beep boop song all
I want for Christmas by Mariah Carey
people
engage in warp speed
but that looks like mama just cuddle her
no just Yuliang exciting toys already
what are you guys doing snowing oh my
goodness it is oh hi do you guys want to
make a snowman if it snows a little bit
more later
you brought your snow gear yes Jackson
do you like the snow yeah good that's
right we can know nearly every year the
day before Thanksgiving we do like a
turkey shoot is that what you call it
like we go to the shooting range not
actual turkeys you've been a contender
one you I think I won last year oh yeah
oh I think you did all right but don't
check the footage every summer check the
footage working real quick anyway we do
a turkey shoot and Landon is here in
town so you like have to do it because
all the guys get together we go out to
the shooting range we do clay pigeon
just have a fun little competition I
think I win most of the years I don't
know I I'm but no yeah well you
definitely won last year definitely won
last year oh so the girls are gonna hang
out here have some fun the guys are
gonna go out shooting and it's gonna be
a great time yeah that's right
the puppy is sleeping in her crate this
is the best she's ever been I think she
loves being able to see all of us and
hear all that she's doing great
Aunt Linda how are you doing you're
doing okay I want to work my dial almond
you would to work on your day off we're
gonna finish our Christmas stuff yeah
get all prepared for Christmas huh yeah
we're just going to our house where
animals are so excited and I want to ask
you
how come you kept their surprise you
surprise me I'll surprise you
I walked into Boggs office of friends in
Chile landing and all their kids were
here
I just wanted to like yes yes I saw this
right you I thought it son
she said she wanted to surprise me by
being in my hot tub and night I wanted
to like it go up to Logan get in the hot
tub and like take a picture and like
send it to her and have her come out and
be like what's going on but now that
would have been hilarious there was just
no way I could have made it you drove
crazy hours silk oh wait what so glad to
see you is anything we prize shooting on
the day before Thanksgiving is fun but
shooting in a snowstorm oh man that's a
great time you guys ready for this level
of ugliness this is crazy it's freezing
so what we're gonna have a good time
what's your guess on who's gonna take it
today what's your scores I vote both I
think oh my yeah bow dad who do you
think better I'm going mate can
confident I've talked myself up all day
today I'm I'm getting last place I'm
taking dead last
oh the kids aren't here and no I am nice
could you see history girl
Calvin is such a lover look at that guy
he's he just crawled on her boy just
took her role this is Calvin like when
he met the puppy yesterday hugging her
loving her he finds people just hug them
and still their food we are sopping wet
oh my gosh
I think that's gonna pull it out I think
you'll last three you got five out of
five right I missed one on that last oh
did you okay okay let's hear it the
results
I can't see J I can hear old man 19
young man 12 13 Omega mister Jerrod yes
18 yes so actually no no wait wait a
minute though I think you were technicai
only I got four on the first round first
one he said he only got four but I think
he actually got don't worry oh she says
she says three but I got no we're not -
no she marked it for what I was sick I
miss six total I counted so that's 19 I
know I know so he's arguing don't let
him come on Landon oh say nine twelve uh
considering conditioning showers well
I'll take it around you I'll do a second
round oh my gosh my forehead is again
you my forehead is Rosa hey deal with
the official recount okay he demanded a
you have to pay for the recount yourself
man can all the hanging chads okay go
the count is for Jared is one two three
four five six seven eight nine ten
eleven twelve thirteen fourteen fifteen
sixteen seventeen eighteen nineteen oh
man well it's just like when it's
snowing out there like that it's like
every pigeon count hey you know go -
until which one's those hit or miss
again I was shooting with my eyes closed
what are you well I had my eye
protection on half the time it was
covered in snow
grandma just told them at bedtime or a
movie and they're all puppy dogging it
downstairs for a movie you have a litter
to end our vlog today it is going to be
a Calvin talking look say bye bye egging
say bye bye say bye bye bye so cute
well it's late it is past 9:00 okay
everyone say goodnight Calvin is going
right to bed
good night good night you two
crazies good night buh-bye buh-bye I'm
just really proud of penny because she
went outside your body so fast I'm proud
of her she was gloved her crate today
yesterday not so much stay bye-bye
goodbye bye puppy bye bye
