got a you're right in the face
gotta summon let me show you how to do
it I told you I warned you he'll shoot
your eye out
you
good morning guys
happy happy Monday and we are in front
of our beautiful Christmas tree do you
like it Jackson do you like it a lot
did you put that ornament on we've had a
lot of our friends and viewers give us
our Nimmons over the past couple years
and we love them they're the best we got
something this year that I'm super
excited to hang this tree is all done I
think except for the very most important
piece but this tree is beautiful and I
love it
okay boys let's go downstairs and see
what mom is up to okay let's go this way
oh oh good job are you putting it back
this is gonna be all season long huh Oh
careful
ah oh did it Adam have a stench you're a
smelly rotten Grinch and you're carrying
up a tree mr. Grinch mama you are going
full stop you are non-stop from from
fluffing the trees those things get
sharp don't they I'm glad that they do
hurt this is fun I like this so this is
the basement trees basement tree this is
the tree that we've had for what four
years now they're all frozen last year
oh my mistake I think we sold do we get
rid of that other one we sold the other
one that we've had for many moons
oh we donated it cool well I'm excited
for this one this one the kids are gonna
help with all the lime we're gonna get a
bunch of ornaments up just for you guys
are you making him laugh are you
laughing at Olivia hi Boyan guys today
has been such just a home cozy day look
at those mountains you know how every
time you can see the mountains in our
backyard you can't see them because of
all the fog
that like you can't even see it today is
a gloomy day and we are just continuing
kind of get in the house set up for
Thanksgiving and Christmas and enjoying
it and Bonnie came over and so I told
her hello code bond came over and I told
her that we are going to have a fun
little activity for the kids who are
they talking about oh yeah robots under
freshening up yeah we always get
Jackson's hair ready cuz we're gonna
fill a cute little montage it's like I
want the kids like look good so well it
was nice it was like refreshing I'm like
okay I'm thank you for motivating me I
motivate you that's how it works I did
not make my bed which is very very we
all know that
you
you
you
Juran I had so much fun staying up last
night decorating our tree upstairs this
is the one that we've had since last
show that I wanted to have down here and
I also wanted to have the kids to have a
tree whose Jackson kept talking about
and I have a tree I'm like yeah and I
thought it'd be cute to have two and in
the years to come we can like if they're
into certain things we can get them but
right now they're into superman/batman
already bro we had a glass one but that
broke but the rest of these are pretty
like they're not going to like a shag or
anything
yes we have some initials for the family
that we got so we are gonna decorate
this tree
I love how Bonnie noticed that all of
the decorations are that high and lower
that's about how tall they are in
Olivia's is right there look you did
this one is that not so sweet this is
fun the kids can play with them these
are shatterproof they can just play
around I thought that these were so
sweet I got these in all of our names
actually I play faces yes did you get
one with a pink on it I did kids huh
yeah there's a few of those Calvin's
been playing with those now you have a
really cool tree with lots of your fun
things on there so ah this is something
that Boston really loves right now and I
thought today I thought a Boston yeah so
will you give that to Boston yeah I
gotta get in there thank you you're
welcome
what is your welcome oh yes love you
boss I saw that today and I thought of
you I thought of you we kind of take
turns huh sometimes we do things for one
kid and not another and I just saw that
today because you're three he could take
it when he goes home but I just knew the
bosses loving robots right now and I saw
it today and I was picking out a few
things for my kids and how boss I
thought of him and so we got Boston now
huh when Boston goes home they'll take
that home Calvin's been walking around
with these little ukuleles and dancing
can you play it for Mama
you
don't point it at yourself you'll shoot
your eye out you'll shoot your eye out
kid cudi
you're right in the face gotta summon
let me show you how to do fit I shot my
eye out I told you I warned you he'll
shoot your eye out
come on Ralphy you're gonna shoot your
eye out Cody don't shoot your eye out
let me shoot your eye out oh it's
raining what do you think about this
captain you having fun yeah I know we're
never gonna stop I'm gonna do weekend
stuff put on the brakes
whoo Jackson they're out doing a couple
errands grabbing a few things and were
you a good white eh and what did you get
for being a good boy yeah but you're
gonna share with Daddy right yeah does
that mean yes oh I'm taking that as a
yes okay we've got one more store and
it's a very special store okay Pizza Man
cast or maybe we have a very special
store to SWAT to go to so I need you to
be on your very best behavior okay
okay cuz it's gonna be fun and it's
gonna be good we're gonna grab a couple
things okay mm-hmm okay you ready you
excited
say I'm excited I'm Captain America yes
yes look at God do you see him Jackson
yeah that's so fun
the dogs are getting their hair cut do
you want to get your hair cut Jackson
what do you see
Oh wicked yeah do you see its eyes
moving is that pretty cool yeah what
color is it what color is it Jackson
that's right well should we go look at
next fishies okay Wow Jackson look at
all of these bums
you see those ones right here
yeah is that fun oh don't judge to ditch
there does the water will color on a
Jackson
there's a boat I think it's safe to say
that Jackson had a blast at the store
all he wanted to do was look at the
fishies and he was like looking at him
and like pointing out the colors of them
they have like neelam colored fish like
with black lights and everything like is
that a natural thing or do they the
scientists genetically developed him to
glow in the dark don't point it at me I
don't know Ellie don't you know all
about glow-in-the-dark fish haven't you
been reading the scientists daily about
that
why don't sigh insist genetically alter
our skin to glow in the dark
you'd never need a flashlight ever again
I also think it's safe to say that Ellie
has done a freaking amazing job
decorating all of this Christmas holiday
stuff in our house it is just beautiful
we've got this tree is just amazing to
me the mantle is very cute sweet mm-hmm
and I think the downstairs is actually
my favorite is it all done no stairs
let's go look at it all right after a
long day we have the house set up it's
just like romantic with like all the
lights off as magical like it already
feels like Christmas just like the the
spirit of giving and I just love it we
have our mantel up these were action my
aunt Lin does she's gonna be here for
Christmas which I'm really excited about
our tree is done I love how they're all
like it's like animals
Bonnie logs this down here and then of
course Jackson Calvin's tree they have
their ornaments on there and then they
also have some ornaments that you guys
have given to them this is like one of
my favorite yeah we love that Jackson
was laughing so hard at these today by
the way thank some of the fragile ones
we just kind of put up talks they don't
reach those ones but so sweet love it oh
I forgot I forgot I forgot forgot like
over at the last ornament okay
