show me your Captain America stands good
job Captain America Oh Captain America
good morning are you ready for your day
are you ready to special day to do it is
good morning
I don't think Kelvin is gonna really
want you to hold him all that much cuz
he's so Wiggly see he just wants to go
and run good morning you guys happy
Sunday Jackson's been asking to hold
Calvin so that last was like a second
but today's a really special day they're
really excited to show you what Calvin
gets to do so let's
oh don't touch her no more I don't think
you wants to be touched let's get
dressed for church and then we'll be on
our way
where's Jackson areas oh I put it
through the arm off
okay looks like where is Jackson again
ready where's Jackson yes let your arm
helping has it been here before
can you show Calvin's kind of how to be
a good point here will you both will
find toys go find a toy for help
kids are taking naps we're back from
church and dinner is made and it is so
yummy it's really easy it's just
Hawaiian haystacks I have brown rice and
then thanks to Julie my sister this is
the sauce and soup it's Bear Creek wild
rice you make it you put it over the
rice and then you add whatever toppings
you want so anyway we have dinner going
kids are resting taking a nap are you
here I am just downstairs hanging some
stuff for the house no we're both busy
and I'm just I think you're cute thanks
Lydia I had such a good day today like
this is a big day because when you turn
18 months you go into nursery at church
and Jackson is in nursery right now and
so they get to go together and it really
was sweet like it was kind of crazy this
morning like a little hectic like it
always is right before church but once
we got there it was cute because Jackson
Calvin like I told I'm like hold a whole
track Calvin tan but they held their
hands all the way into church think that
they'd let go and continue to hold hands
until they sat down which is really soon
so then once I got into class nursery is
like a church class for little kids
Calvin just went right in there and made
himself at home like usually like kids
like we'll cry a little bit cuz they
want to be with their parents but he was
less sure like I've seen Jackson player
before and I've been a girl playing with
Jackson Calvin
they love to be around us I think even
like they don't usually play downstairs
by themselves alt like they still follow
us around the house a lot but they also
like adventure too uncle oh yeah yeah I
love when they come into the office at
night
Jackson has lately has been like
grabbing my hand as they come here like
come play like he like grabs me to hold
me I'm just like I have to work but I
can't say no to you it was really sweet
date today free and dinner it's kind of
nice like Tareen ate before before I
really like
apparently right hashtag burns like the
best date ever
I know I'm not the only wife that sounds
like a mom sometimes and I'm sorry for
that oh you you soon I'm not gonna well
you're probably not I said you're gonna
eat this broccoli it's kind of rock
right now I'm sorry I'm sure I'm not the
only wife out there that's in oh wait
there okay let's be honest there are
some things that you don't like you know
and ul8 there's again when those things
are presented on the table you're like I
made this I still want you to eat it and
I'm like okay what we did well yeah cuz
I don't I mean this is good like I
steamed it there's a little bit better
or salt pepper on it Erica I just all my
Parkson being that's me miss stinky bass
yes they're healthy stinky Bart please
think about it okay hashtag sticky
healthy Martin's how these do parts let
it make it known that today is the day
that Jackson flipped out that he wanted
to dress himself
I seriously brought these clothes music
he was so happy as a clam I have no idea
what drew him off and then in his little
mind that's what he wanted to do hey
join me to always to help you in the
right direction
oh I tried again yes I will put your
head through here much cleaner I can
drive the rest well that was that it's
so fun that like I mean we're gonna have
first for the rest of our life but
that's like the first time we've
insisted on Jerusem personal dress
himself yes you are look at them now is
Captain America a nice Captain America
what he has a throw himself down and cry
he asked really nice yeah is he a good
boy Wow
show me your Captain America stands good
job Captain America Oh Captain America
hug too tight
we have a dancer you decided to put your
happy face on Christmas music came on
and he wasn't happy but get foot
Christmas music makes your heart smile
he is a happy boy look at that
we have scooted the couch over a little
bit we are getting ready to set our tree
up Wow
I am I think this little I told you're
it's like I think we should do this
every year I've never ever ever spent
Christmas up before they excuse me but
in my head it will just make it feel
more festive you know what do you think
some people don't love that well some
people like to separate Thanksgiving and
Christmas and delicious big joyous get
being well seasoned
I love it I think it's great and this is
gonna be really tall so I want to enjoy
it for a little longer it's really heavy
just carry it upstairs
it was dance like crazy looking good
that's a Christmas tree we got a
Christmas tree we got Christmas music
Peter Hollens singing the night away
you
so we're at the top of the tree and we
need a ladder to finish fluffing it but
it is put together we'll have to go
borrow one from mum and dad or Bonnie
and Joel but we're going to show the
kids it light up
I love these two forever one is the
others right behind whether they're
breaking a vacuum or gonna get her out
of my pot either way they're they're
ready three two one
yeah I just melt your heart oh yeah okay
there's our Christmas tree
we went over to Bunyan jowls and we grab
the ladder so we can resume our
Christmas decorating activities and I
have to show you this Ellie is unboxing
this live on camera right now what is it
that's for sure
garland forever around the banister
thank like Elizabeth's whoa looks great
oh my goodness never done this before
I've seen it done a bajillion pays like
everyone every third I think with how
thick these are we should not do
everyone yeah skip a few one to skip
with you ninety-nine one hundred
look I'm excited it's beautiful Ellie
good job picking all this out a shake
and bake and I helped I think it looks
good Ellie don't you we're gonna we're
gonna fluff it up a little bit more but
we really just wanted to finish it so we
can plug in the lights hit it it looks
good looks good realize the health plans
circled red I think it looks great this
looks so good love it I got these and
the tree from front gate and if we want
to know I'm sure I'll have a lot of
questions because it on the website
since we've been building and moving but
yeah this is beautiful Jer I love it so
I think Ellie and I are going to be up
for the rest of the night doing this
I've never built a tree before Thor this
stuff is beautiful I'm not a Hobby Lobby
like when it's in the tree look it just
pops you yeah so I hope you guys enjoyed
our Sunday this is gonna be a fun week a
fun holiday I can't wait for the kids to
wake up tomorrow and see this they're
gonna love it we got some fun stuff this
week so make sure you guys are
subscribed if you enjoyed the video hit
the thumbs up button and we'll see you
guys tomorrow bye bye
