the swelling has gone down immensely it
looks really really great there's just
like a little scab there now huh it was
good no what would you attribute to your
quick healing of your lip in the
cheeseballs
you
hey did you find it off you have your
graham cracker do you remember the time
that you woke up at like 3:30 and now
it's 5:00 and you're still awake yeah is
it your Crocker Taliban woke up this
morning with like such a screeching cry
at 3:30 and Jared got up with him and
then he laid him back down and it was
just that awful screeching cried like he
was just really sad so then I went in
with him and so we I at least with
Calvin have been up since 4:30 and it is
5:00 we're just up for the day is what
I'm assuming he's had some crackers
washed the show I'm making breakfast
hash so I have my old baked potatoes
that I use this week cutting up a bell
pepper some onion get some egg and
sausage in there I'm making a breakfast
hash you're gonna have to wait you've
had some crackers would you eat this
soon well breakfast is done my boys are
in bed Calvin's downstairs playing he's
dressed with the day and it's teething
not that's why he's been up I think is
he has malthus her and but breakfast is
ready I made breakfast hash first time
making it we'll see if it's good I'll
show you Kevin's the outfit because
maybe else is up excuse me mr. candy
cane will you please come here mr. candy
cane man is ready for the day whoo-hoo
lookin good boy good morning and time
for a nap these are hair big but gotta
wear something Sigma
good time right now oh no this is
terrible news and like just sent me a
text message with well just you wait I
don't know if I can bear to say it
Jackson what happened what happened oh
no your bike pedal fell off should daddy
fix it for you okay daddy will fix it I
can't believe your bike pedal fell off
don't worry daddy knows how to fix it
we're gonna do it together okay
high-five oh there you go huh
okay daddy thought you need a soccer
wrench but it looks like you can just
twist it on that's pretty nice and you
might want to tighten it up okay watch
out daddy's gonna tighten it real good
okay I think that's good but you want to
give it a shot
let's get your helmet back on where's
your helmet Oh
okay ready well this is a special tree
not everybody can have their mom in
their kitchen gramma gray with me and we
get to cooking and not only are we
cooking but we're making a video for you
guys about time this is my first video
on my channel and it's me and my mom
cookin we're be making today we're gonna
make bread bread
well bread dough yes but rolls I guess
yep but then what's cool about this
bread dough is it'll do rolls or
cinnamon rolls or scones yeah just a pan
over it so we're going to do actually a
few videos so they'll be up on my
channel I think Monday first thing
because Thanksgiving is here I'm having
Thanksgiving here with Jared so Jared's
family mom I watched make rolls every
Sunday every Sunday my entire life and
then why were you come to grow because
I'm not very good at making them into
the ball so I get worried to watch you
yeah so we're gonna party aboard captain
we have everything getting set up I got
these today at kitchen kneads store
they're perfect for just that kind of
stuff but I've had these and just so fun
you ain't you when she dropped me off to
college she got me she took me to town
bought me some things and she says
wanted me to make a batch of bread
before she went home because she says
that that would a whole of it Isis let's
do you do you know how to make bread
you'll always have something to eat
always have something a woman so she
made you cook it as she did she did that
first time that's sweet I thought oh no
I've been married seven years now I can
bake
I can't I'm done I've done a few times
we are just about halfway through our
second what's a Nellie's belly video
that Ellie is filming with her mom
where'd your mom go they're making some
fun stuff so if you're not subscribed to
Ellie's channel we'll have a link to it
down below so you can see it Jackson
how's your lip feeling today is it
pretty good the swelling has gone down
immensely it looks really really great
there's just like a little scab there
now huh I think we owe it all to those
cheese puffs that's that's like why they
look so good why your lip looks so good
huh it was good no what would you
attribute to your quick healing of your
lip in the cheeseballs mm-hmm a lot of
red fair range bicycle oh my gosh he was
riding his bike
I get nervous but he handles it so well
he takes these corners like Aaron like
offal oh he pulled out of it that's
awesome and he doesn't like skillfully
my son is better at riding a bike than I
am okay we have back in business we have
to start filming again good nice get out
of town look how delicious those look
Ellie she's the one hmm
I didn't do them I think you guys both
had a good hand in those cinnamon rolls
we have homemade peaches homemade rolls
so many rolls so many rolls so many
cinnamon rolls we are done mom it's a
long day filming days a long day huh
work is really hard we're sweating we
made a lot I'm excited for the videos
that
coming out we may have cried just a
little bit today was a really special
day so are you ready to eat you kids are
so good we got mama mica and dad here to
thank you guys so much for helping out
with the kids you're worthy go our
existence right now is figuring out
where everything goes like the cereal
boxes stinker I think one of my favorite
things about life right now is seeing
you for hangout you know I think I
remember a couple times that your
parents and Grandma your mom got
together but never like this like this
is this happens way more than what I saw
yeah I think it's very cool when we
think it's cool to when you guys were
younger
first mary did your parents get together
and hang out ever but with with your in
yeah no because Craig's hair is lived in
Texas and when were in California and we
lived in Utah oh it was like pulling
teeth to get your families together
yeah well I just been grateful that you
guys we all live so close to each other
so we can do these things and make
cinnamon rolls and rolls together and
drink dr. pepper together and just have
fun I makes me grateful us too good I
was hoping you would say that I was kind
of leading you to that conclusion I was
begging you to see what you would say we
have a lot in common a lot we can talk
about like good-looking kids right
that's what you guys have in common
looking oh that's definitely true
this is such a pretty sight the candle
going the lights off mom dad Bonnie Joel
Jared and I are all gonna get in the hot
tub
why don't you mama this is so cool kids
are in bed the house smells like rolls
and finding out what and the candles too
it's just like smells like we just like
the chairs head legs matter oh man I
love it
it done is like today's been a really
good day yeah just being a family you I
just love it these are the first
feelings of like home perms like making
the Pearl home memories and it's the
best it just feels so good it warms my
heart and soul we had a blast in the hot
tub it was so nice and hot in the tub
are you tired you guys were in front of
the camera like all day today and we
freaking out certainly at Calvin I'm
game I didn't even get a now I did I
just really when you're gone I made up
like 20 minutes ago I go to bed okay
we're gonna call it a night Ellie go to
bed I love you guys this week is gonna
be amazing
that's our first Thanksgiving in the
house so we're gonna set up for the
holidays and I'm really excited I have a
good week I'm excited for you to come
along
yes this week is gonna be so much fun we
can't wait thank you guys so much for
watching if this is your first video
welcome to our channel this is up we're
gonna have a blast together so if you're
not subscribed to that subscribe button
if you enjoyed the video hit the thumbs
up it's gonna be a great week we'll see
you guys tomorrow bye
