what are you looking at the slide the
snow where'd it go right there good
morning everyone I woke up before the
kids I got ready today the first time a
long time I've done that just to have a
busy day and this is the first time he's
coming upstairs
Jackson usually when he wakes up he
comes straight into our room and today
what did you do when you woke up did you
play with your toys no you didn't I'd
let my car down your car down yeah yeah
I've always wondered I'm like I wonder
when he was gonna like wake up and then
just go straight into his to play area
it's just like right there and he was
doing that this morning I thought it was
cute but you came upstairs before I
could crap yeah mmm did you sleep good
yeah I'm so good you know what I think
daddy's just getting up go get him
should we eat first yeah
Kix okay you look so cute come here you
do he just looks so cute and cuddly good
morning
go Calvin's awake should we show
everyone what you do every day yeah okay
let's call those red clothes from last
night
Hey hi mister how are you yet you turn
us down machine off huh how are you good
morning
did you sleep good yes you did wild hair
I think dear days it looks so rad look
at that
so getting dressed this morning I looked
outside and I was like wow it looks
really nice and cold outside it must be
like 30 degrees you know we just had the
snow for the very first time you crazy
kid what are you doing
and you monster truck
anyhoo CIL's what I was saying I looked
outside I was like oh yeah it's probably
pretty cold outside and then I looked at
my phone 13 degrees outside 13 degrees
that is cold that is in the teens oh my
gosh like it's wintertime now Ellie what
falls over it's winter I guess it is
November so that's kind of like I'll
have my winter
that's crazy as I treated that
department better than 1218 toros a date
yeah Thanksgiving is coming up on us
okay I get the holiday season so that we
can like get the house clean do our
thing for the weekend and will either
decorate like right before and it's
keeping it right after yeah thank you
guys
what Oh what what pole-vaulting us
formal team yeah that's my football team
we can watch pole vaulting you bet I can
agree with those terms and conditions
we'll go downstairs a lot fun whole
thing right about now that'll be great
okay you're filming what do you want to
say oh you're pointing at me what should
I say
now you turn filming on you you want me
to film you okay what are you gonna do
do you have something that you want to
say what do you want to say you want to
say you want to see mommy yeah do you
like working Oh
all right kids
I love the hugs we are going to have a
good day right Jackson
okay and before we play we have some
chores to do okay this basement is a
disaster it's a disaster too natural we
need to pick up all of our toys and
stuff and clothes and blankets before we
can keep going on without a throughout a
day okay I know you feel very strongly
about this so in order to fix this
disaster boys we have to clean up all of
our toys I just made a rhyme and I
didn't even mean it
but nobody want a peanut anybody want a
peanut yeah okay let's pick up these
toys and the basement will be all clean
and the house will be all done
okay basement is all done and vacuumed
and cleaned the kids had a little help
from mommy and daddy
mostly mommy but I want to show this
this is the crazy thing to me look how
much stuff our vacuum
picked up like that's all from the
brand-new house like isn't that crazy
that's just like the carpet downstairs
what are you looking at the slide the
snow where'd it go I don't know maybe
right there you wanna go skiing okay
when the mountains have more snow we'll
go skiing
now that our work is done we are playing
aren't we Calvin you gettin some
play-doh on oh don't put in your mouth
silly open your mouth so good I know cow
show us your what you made Calvin wood
unique and you made a ball and mommy
made a gun
Jackson's ball was mommy's ghost hey I
was gonna show my go and making you take
a bite the top you don't like stuffing
though right you can be honest
Oh gag me I know you eat it it's good
just believe me as I have never made
stuffing in my life besides like the
stovetop my mom always make homemade
stuffing like with the bread that you
dry out the night before and then you
make in the morning for Thanksgiving and
I saw on Facebook this like really easy
recipe and instead of like bread and
stuff which I totally love I'm not
trying to necessarily be healthy but
it's a healthier version
it just looked really easy that's what I
wanted to try it puts a call flower
stuffing it the seasonings I if I were
to doing it I would do a little more
light handedly but like it is really
good I think it's really good I like it
this seasoning is big strong I'm sorry
Jared but it's really good so tomorrow
my mom is coming up and we are going to
make homemade rolls for Thanksgiving I'm
gonna do a video on my channel though go
out on Monday and if I have time I think
it'd be fun to make this as well and so
I have like two days good video that was
a close one that was a very very very
close one you guys didn't know well you
actually didn't because the camera
wasn't on Calvin had ahold of the camera
and it broke but I fixed it
you like the stuffing count is it good
really good that's good yeah it's good
it's very strong tada you're here you're
back on camera cuz we fixed it in there
you know yeah Calvin has the taste buds
of a champion and the grip of a gorilla
oh sorry mom sorry sorry sorry dang it
sorry well just make a couple changes
here and there's no big deal
Ellie will make it really good it was
good it's just a little strong that's
all I don't know is that me of me to say
no okay
I fix the camera Ellie's fixing her food
all is well in the world today
whoo I need a second to catch my breath
it may not seem like it from the video
but Ellie and I and the kids have been
working a lot today we don't show all of
those little things because they're not
interesting and we actually have some
like non-disclosure things that we can't
show until it's ready to go but I'm
excited to say that a lot of it has to
do with like giving back if you guys
have been following me on Twitter I've
been like dropping some hints as some
things that are coming up that I that I
am so excited about and I can't wait to
show you and talk about and tell you and
I know these things are so so not fair
that I say we've got some stuff coming
up but I can't tell you yet but I am
grateful and I'm humble
old and I am excited to be working with
these people and doing these things
because it makes me feel so happy that
we can be in a position where we can
give back and you will see these things
soon and I'm so excited for it and I
can't wait because it's gonna be big and
it's going to be exciting so dad and I
just had a meeting and now we're playing
the guitar real quick before I go
Elly and I may or may not have snuck
away from the kids for a little bit
there at the house they're totally fine
no actually we're on a little date night
they have a little babysitter
I love date night and somehow we ended
up at the toy store not sure how that
happened but Oh little papi okay
every time traveling sees like a new
stuffed animal he just grabs it squeezes
it today I love and it literally to
death it doesn't come back a lie yeah
yeah it's gone I love that when we go
out and do things away from the kids
they're literally the first things on
our mind like our kids like we're at the
toy store because we're away from our
kids anyway we're just having fun
looking at toys if we just got back from
our date night and Calvin's max wants to
film I have never seen anything like
this I'm really sorry what happened
did you fall can you tell us what
happened yeah that looks like it hurt
mommy are you okay yeah Utah yeah yeah
Jackson's had a little fall playing in
the garage total accident like this is
nothing that you could have prevented
but our neighbors have a dog and it's
like the most beautiful dog ever super
super nice and they were just playing
and the dog knocked him over and he fell
down anyway a Peppa Pig you watch Peppa
Pig it's so sad because he liked Raisa
like Peppa and bye-bye but he can't put
his lips together
why how bad it was unable text to us and
I'm sorry jacks
mmm you okay yeah yeah you see it quite
hasn't seen it sugar hurt we'll give you
some good medicine okay no I'm not you
don't need it yeah okay cuz you're tough
you don't want that the pig no you want
to watch Peppa Pig we can do that can't
give me high fives
he's like he is so tough like our little
boy is so tough like I know he's in pain
but he's just like mom I really just
want to watch pepper salad I know it's
violet you gonna be okay good tonight
yeah he really wants the question he
really wants to watch a egg okay let's
go let's go watch Peppa Pig I know I
feel terrible but he's he's a good boy
like yeah family watchin Peppa Pig
how are you doing oh it looks well what
she would do with him we should give him
a little Tylenol maybe put a little
neosporin on a lot of get to bed yeah
and you too yeah you're ready for bed -
I know I think I'll sleep with us
tonight
I bet yeah and I don't mind one bit I
like like underneath honey his teeth or
we looked at his teeth they actually
kind of look like they're inwards a
little bit he really cut it up
I think it's TV Ellie and I have just
been sitting here in the living room
talking about things and Jackson just
walked out of the bedroom started saying
mama I'm thirsty and I was like what the
heck
you weren't even saying mama two seconds
ago like what happened and then he went
in and he grabbed the medicine that I
had ready for him all by himself and
drank it and then when we try to give it
to him he was like no he didn't wanna
and then he's like on launch pepper
picking it and then fell asleep poor kid
I know huge he but he's doing better
like that that made me feel comfortable
that he's doing good so things are
getting better he's still old and pain
and everything but I think tomorrow will
be good for hate that like he was like
I'm just like uh-huh remember when I had
a cold sore on my right here yeah yeah
he looks like a little turtle alright
any wonder guys thank you so much for
watching the video I hope you have a
wonderful weekend it is the start of a
brand new weekend giving week is apana
can you believe that so happy I'm so
excited to say all the things that I am
great
for thanks again for watching guys if
you enjoyed the video hit the subscribe
button and the thumbs up button and
we'll see you tomorrow hi bum
