Jackson let's show how it's done did
snow get on your slide oh try you want
to try it does that make you sad or does
that make you happy yeah oh do you not
want snow on your slide yeah I'm sorry
but guess what the snow is so much fun
to play in and look that he made a
little snowman do you see that idea yeah
on the table okay you want to hold it
like daddy did last night yeah okay it's
really cold
want me to go get it yeah okay Oh
jeepers creepers oh oh he is ice okay
come over here okay hold him right there
then just hold him right there is he
cold what do you think about that yeah
oh no mommy she is oh no mommy's boots
we should fix that let's fix that do you
see the snow buddy what do you think
yeah yeah
ha-huh do you want to see this no - okay
let's come look at this now oh you're
still your life jacket yeah we need to
clean that up
Oh No you're bullying oh yeah their
shovels got snow on it huh good morning
guys we are just up early early in the
morning and we are admiring the new
snowfall like the first snowfall of this
season it looks so fun it's just a
little bit maybe 2 inches or something
like that but it's still cool to finally
see snow on top of the mountain saw
while we're here like this is awesome
are you guys excited you're playing the
snow yeah what are you gonna do in the
snow are you gonna build a snowman
ah Jackson do you want to build a
snowman or what comes next
good group and a dreary clap your hands
do happy to hear are you happy yeah I'm
proud of you I am so proud of you
Jackson you did so good you pooped in
the toilet and I'm so proud of you and
literally was like seconds like
milliseconds like I sat him on the
toilet is that how it happened
yeah yeah is it sometimes scary to go
potty in the toilet yeah it kind of is
time I get scared when I go potty after
that babies yeah that can be but it's
good to poop in the toilet yeah
sometimes I'm scared to the poop too but
you did it but it's good to overcome
those fears keep going and keep moving
can you do that hi
very widely
you
Ellie and I were just talking about the
drive that we go on quite a bit this
stretch of freeway right here always
reminds me of the time that we like God
almost got into a car accident and it
would have been like a really really bad
one had we not been driving the Pacifica
the Pacifica literally saved our lives I
think because of the it stopped
automatically and we're just talking
about like if we were driving our car
what would it happened like it's crazy
that the safety features in these new
vehicles have a huge impact on your
driving like yeah heated seats are cool
yeah the the cameras are nice and we've
got the blu-ray player in the back but
like your Lane Assist and the automatic
braking like those are life-changing
features it will literally save our life
you know and I'm so grateful I'm so
grateful for the Pacifica because like
it
I'm just grateful that's all like my
friends was calling me yesterday and he
was asking like what do you think about
the Pacifica and I was like they're
looking for a new van yeah if you're
looking for a minivan the Pacifica start
there that's where I would start because
it's so fun I love driving I just never
want to forget the memories and the
moments that we have bye
we first got married it's like how
grateful I was like when we finally were
able to like eat out a little more like
like just like date night more not
necessarily eat out more and without the
old one Carper it was almost seven years
that we had one car and like I don't
ever want to forget like how grateful it
feels to finally have a family car and
just I love it so I appreciate it
appreciate you thank you just grateful
you and I appreciate this and I
appreciate our kids pooping in the
toilet it really is it is do you know
where we're going fishing store and
guess what else
what Target that was it Jackson we're
going to target
yes Takei expectation versus reality
yeah usually we say Jackson we're going
to turn and he goes target toys okay he
gets all excited we came down for an
appointment for Calvin and then we're
making a stop because it's the holidays
are upon us and we're gonna look at a
few decorations and he really sees the
fishing store he's only been in there
like once yeah she's gonna love it when
he sees the toys a target though this
season we're gonna buy toys and we're
gonna give them to other kids huh he's
like leave me alone Jackson why don't
you tell grandma what you did today what
did you do tell grandma what'd you do
hi Jackson
what did what you doing the toilet you
pooped yeah I did
we're so proud we've been telling
everyone those are phone calls you tell
Grandma and Grandpa's our little Jackson
pooped in the potty he's sure daddy
pooped in the potty it was this close to
missing the toilet oh my gosh I mean
let's go scare grandpa Jackson all right
hide hide hide hide hide behind the ball
hide behind the ball okay when he comes
out you scream okay not what I was
expecting to scare him how can you come
see grandpa you giving grandpa some
loves is that what you're doing you're
happy to see you grandpa
I was new Jackson was like a really good
learner he picked up on things really
quick but I never expected Jackson to be
teaching grandpa how to use the
fireplace is that your igniter that you
need to replace replace that gas control
yeah but Jackson's one to pointed out
that's what needs to be fixed yeah good
job buddy it's not just a pilot light
but it's just controller right here that
controls the input and the flow of the
you know natural gas I bet if you ask
nice enough and you uh Jackson will do
it for you you helped vampa you get it
done
glass - we do stir your lollipop oh wow
that's a good deal oh I feel so honored
to be opening this package up as one of
our very first packages at the house
what I guess we've had a lot of packages
but they've been for the house not for
me not for me this package is for me and
for me and my family I had set it up
because I can't do it in one hand look
at that good-looking face this is my
friend Peter Hollens and he has a
Christmas album of him singing I'm so
excited oh my gosh and Brian and I -
pre-orders tonight for his album guys we
have such musically talented finalists
to get Brighton stuff Brian can you make
that happen can we be first on the list
no there's our dad there's already
people in Australia who have pre-ordered
a helping tingloff brilliant you're
you're like so far in the future you're
a day ahead I don't get it sometimes
something anyway I'm excited to listen
oh my gosh he signed it with a smiley
face I'm excited to listen to Peter
Hollens
and his friends and family seeing
Christmas carols to us in our brand new
home in our first Christmas here and I
just can't hide it
see that's cool right but I don't know
full experience Jackson let's show them
how it's done
you have an advantage I'm not gonna do
that
u-turn I'm not gonna do those Jared
you're not listening I'm not a dude
Calvin your stinker you know I say we
had a pretty good day today do you think
so yeah yeah me apply you want Santa to
bring you a price yeah okay why do you
want him to bring you a price Oh pepper
pig boy oh that would be fun is that
what you want for Christmas from Santa
Claus yeah okay I think it's been a good
day because Jackson what did you do
today did you go poopoo in the body yeah
yeah
Calvin's neck is doing good Ellie have
fun time getting some pillows for
Christmas and we just had a good day
today huh Jackson I'm really proud of
you for going poopoo in the potty you
finally did it in our house you proud of
yourself
yeah really dead dog sorry you want to
read the dog story
okay we'll read the dog story and then
we'll say good night okay
do I guess all right we have the kids in
bed and we're going to call it a night
thank you guys so much for watching the
video today if you enjoyed it be sure to
give it a thumbs up and if you're not
already subscribed to hit that subscribe
button we got one in the corner down
here I think hit that subscribe button
and we'll see you guys next time thanks
for watching bye
