they've been really good not to like
touch that was the fastest snowman in
the whole wide world and this listen the
volume go outside make us know
good morning guys happy Thursday I am in
our guest room I just really enjoy this
room this I don't know if I ever showed
you guys what the chair looks like that
I ended up getting reupholstered that
was my grandma's it was like a pink like
this I think we figured it was like
almost 30 years old I got it
reupholstered to this really pretty
velvet purple chair which I'm in love
with I think it's so cute and he did
such a good job and I'm trying to figure
out I have some spray paint that's a
really soft neutral color that I am
going to spray these with Bonnie help me
pick these out and my friend Maria
helped me figure out how to align them
up but I'm sitting here looking at them
on the ground and eventually hopefully
they will be right there with beautiful
pictures of Jared nice grandmother's and
our moms and women that we love and the
inspire us excuse me sir I'm trying to
take a picture I guess if you're in the
middle of it it's actually kind of cute
you have to see this Ellie why aren't
you dancing right now I'm dancing right
now
I'm dancing I've got to show you I'm
celebrating this is really so excited Oh
dance show me old dance moves
boom show me Oh dance Mizzou show me old
dance show me y'all dance show me your
dance moves ooh get a girl get a girl
get a spy you get a spy to get a girl
get a girl get a spy to get his fighting
guys you got to see this to believe it
let me just sit back for a second chair
Comcast came through alien in the
biggest way let me let me show you a
boom let's test it go for it
dude I love your excitement you're just
as excited about this as I am
high five from Spidey so what happened
was is I went to Comcast yesterday
because our modem router combo broke
just was not working we didn't have yeah
went to Comcast I wanted to get like a
different router setup so I could like
extend it through the house a little bit
more so I got the time capsule the modem
that I got from Comcast was just like
cutting my speed into a tiny tiny
fraction and I was like this can't work
well we had too many things that we
needed to do to finish yesterday so I
couldn't call back but I got the newest
router modem combo again and I actually
hooked that up for the time capsule and
that and boom 296 down 29 86 up that is
like some good YouTube speed right there
hunk ow is that good for uploading
videos to the interweb so people can see
and enjoy and the guitar is up there I
can't tell you like how frustrating like
I was talking to my buddy Randy he's
like it's almost better to have no
internet and then slow internet and it's
so true but I feel so happy that I got
my internet fixed and restored what are
we waiting on ah your trucks you've been
such a good spider-man today Jackson's
been so patient we had to run to a few
places and you've been patient and you
have been a good boy and you've been a
helpful boy and he picked something out
and you want to already says big Kelvin
and so of course I said you know I think
this might be a fun little family okay
you choose your colors and you can
choose Calvin's color and then mommy and
daddy will do it too we have fun little
projects we're gonna do are you ready so
students daddy gets off the phone you're
being so patient soon as you get
something fun we'll do this let's go
ready let's do this come up to the table
boys okay mommy
are you ready for this okay mommy pull
it open what is it Kelvin the green
machine heart turtle what do you want
red or blue I'll take red yeah someone's
a little overconfident someone has been
playing a little too much Mario card
Calvin are you excited to have your
monster truck okay we've got some mini
monster truck madness going on right
here and this is gonna be a lot of fun
so did it do they like Wallace uh yeah
this is gonna be fun Jackson what
stickers do you want to put on your
monster truck what are they cool oh look
at those spiderwebs is that cuz you're
spider-man crush on the wind rain spa
Jackson what is it trucks hey Calvin can
you make that sound Callie go say rum
rum
there's my boy
where does mommy want on hers like
really long
you've got the minivan monster trick
that's what it looks like it looks like
a minivan
mine's like a sweet truck I got the
sweet truck monster truck
my my internet buddies will understand
that reference right Jackson can you say
throw me the car and we'll see how fast
yours is whoa there looks like really
fast so you're gonna set up a little
obstacle and we'll see who can win the
race out of us for Calvin Calvin
you're ruining my obstacle course but go
go get your car
I literally just opened up and down the
forehead whoa go get your car where's
your car
whoever wins get the licorice come on
Cal he's excited we have a few little
obstacles in our way okay you have to
push it back really far so it'll go
really fast down here grab your car goes
down bye daddy
push it back as far as you can go
most people go the furthest okay that
was cool
Jackson is really cool no it's pretty
cool okay tell Cal that was like really
cute that was awesome my turn
mom's lap Oh
yours and mine did the same thing Ellie
okay go again Jax right for the banana
Oh crash yeah you want to go over that
banana
okay go try again oh yeah it like went
over the bananas and everything oh thank
you what happened
yours is breakdancing le their
breakdance fighting you know the cool
mom van that's happen now should we eat
these bananas licorice and bananas what
are you what what do you want to do with
them Jackson you want to race them dad
you're just in time
yes I'm so glad that you're here so we
can show you what we're doing
Ellie has been in the kitchen I don't
know for the last 38 hours slaving over
this mixture right here I'm starting to
make an urge is rocking a pumpkin
cornbread for like since before October
but she's been talking about like she's
like have this recipe she's like I want
to make just some time I want to make
and I always make maybe one for the kids
uh-huh cuz that's what's fun if you're a
parent you need to always buy baby find
everything sister it's cute and the kids
love it and they're like what I want you
know I've got this one line that country
store it's just for me no you got it at
the country store is that right try it
one more time say please may I have it
yes you may here welcome oh and then
there's a hidden pineapple in today's
episode we really should how fun would
that be that would take a lot of thought
and practice to make sure we remember it
all the time that's a that's a reference
to sight
you guys no no we found we had really
good and there is the bread Jackson has
been really cute you see him just pull
his arm away the bread is okay to touch
but I have been told it's hot it's hot
because they've been around pans and
stuff and he keeps one Callum oh it's
hot yeah we're protecting them hot but
it's okay to touch now and we made a
homemade honey butter and we're waiting
our baked potatoes are gonna take like
years to cook so this may end up being
dinner we'll see before it's done
cooking I've got some other stuff cook
in there but that's what we're doing for
dinner got and testin hand soap can't
you help me the kids could not hold out
until dinner Calvin was very anxious so
he is easy so you make you eat more than
any toddler I know he eats so much so
much but the kids are just eating this
before the dinners actually ready can
have a little bite to see if it's good
what do you think okay help me make the
honey butter and the bread and I would
take a little bit more honey butter on
it would be way perfect but it's so good
like it's very moist so good I pinned it
on my pincers a while ago if you guys
want to check it out
I have every intention of doing a ton of
videos but it just has not happened
we're getting there oh you're digging a
girl thing are you can eat all of it
mm-hmm I just got the kids down for bed
and I looked outside and you guys will
not believe this it's snowing
look at that it's snowing this is like
the very first snow of the year I can't
believe it it looks so good oh my gosh
how fun is that and look our patio is
almost done they've got to stretch it
out that way and finish up over there oh
my gosh it's snowing yes I can't wait to
like start skiing on the Mount
and everything like that I'm so excited
I can't wait for winter I don't want it
to be too cold down here but on the
mountain that's totally fine it's
snowing
before I end the video tonight I just
want to tell you guys if you don't
follow me on Instagram you should it's
just le Meachem I don't do snapchat but
I've been doing a lot of the Instagram
story stories which is kind of like
snapped follow me to it Jared Miko shot
your side well but I'm gonna say I
posted this picture of the boys tonight
looking at the bread I laughed really
hard at Shelby and family she commented
she's like how have those boys not
knocked over that base yet and I wrote
back and I was like honestly they've
been really good the kids as far as like
the house goes and upstairs they love
these they jump on these that's one of
the reasons why I got these specific
ones as I wanted the kids to be able to
run and play and jump they love the
couches they're always standing on their
the only thing I've had to really like
be repetitive about is telling them they
can't get in the dirt only because I
don't want them eating it and I don't
want it like falling everywhere you can
see Calvin gets into it just a little
bit but they both are really good
they've been really good not to like
touch who touch all the stuff that was
the fastest snowman in the whole wide
world and you literally just ran out
there in two seconds that was funny I'm
dropping snow in our house you're
hilarious
that was a really cute surprise but okay
Oh plumber crack
that's so cute there's no man maybe
that's cute you did that so wicked fast
where was that snow anyway what I was
trying to say is they're just they've
been really good they've just adjusted
really well yeah I love that comment it
made me laugh thank you guys so much for
watching today we'll see like always
tomorrow guys thank you so much bye
