is that her dryer is that our washing
machine our washing machine sounds like
a train from like a Disney cartoon from
like the 40s and 50s
who are you doing are you brushing your
teeth good job good morning guys hope
you're having a fantastic day
we already miss Seattle but it feels so
good to be home to sleep in our bed that
was just the best ever we are so excited
to be home with our family and I think
our kids are excited to see us - good
morning guys it is already time for naps
we are twinners today Kelvin we are
wearing our sweat outfit a lot of people
have asked about where we got these and
it's out
albian fit I always get that the a bra
albian fit is where we got these and we
have little twinners but Calvin is ready
for a nap I wanted to show you guys all
the cool things that they've been doing
this morning but it just slipped by us
and we haven't you
mister are putting fire into my eyes I
don't appreciate that in just three days
the kids have grown up Jackson saying
his S is so much better and that we say
Calvin for me countering
st. Calvin you guys know he hardly ever
says Calvin he says Cal or like your
size Cal yeah I noticed that Jackson is
talking so much better
are you horsey horsey say me whoa Calvin
also is talking he is saying mom so much
more and he's saying ball like all
morning ba ba ba and he'll find a ball
he just found his binky and his drink
which means he's totally ready for a nap
so I'm going to go light him down and
then guess what I'm gonna do
I'll show you when I do it but I go do
something really cool in a minute
Calvin Sabo yeah we're playing soccer
throw me the ball and you're being
really good he eyed him holding his toy
and I said are you sharing and you're
being really nice
but um hold your toy huh we're playing
soccer well kind of were just throwing
the ball back and forth okay
keep this smile on your face you're just
cute ass oil on your face things are
okay you don't have to worry things are
okay okay I just got back from Comcast
and I took back my modem router combo
thing that they give you or you rent or
whatever they concluded that that was
the reason why our internet wasn't
working so I took that back and I got
just a standalone modem and then I got
the Apple Airport Extreme router so we
can set up like multiple points so
there's fasten it throughout the house
because we've been having an issue of
that but that's later anyway I set it up
just those feeds nest and we're getting
like a third of the speed that we're
normally getting and so I'm kind of
going crazy right now because this no
works
I know you're upset too huh I'm cool I'm
calm and collected I'm very I am
frustrated I've just tried to get those
the work and I just want it to work okay
back at it I've got to get this to work
I may have to go back to the Comcast
door and say this isn't working because
I think it's the matter with the move we
have tons of things to open home
insurance tons of letters hospital stuff
between like Calvin and I found
something it was really fun in the mail
besides all that stuff and guess who it
was
with from your cousin Emma Emma Emma she
gave this to you you think is it good
she painted that picture of our house
and aunt julia on the back and said that
it was such a fun process for them to
watch and she's so happy for us you want
Emma to come you know what I think we
miss you Emma and soon you need to come
to Utah and you can spend the night at
our house okay Emma but that's what
we'll do but cousin Emma and aunt julia
sent us and that made our day so thank
you guys so much you probably sent it
forever ago but it's been an art meld
with the rest of all of our stuff but
this made our day so thank you guys that
was a little in sane we just made a
Hawaiian haystacks for lunches something
that I've been wanting especially with
me not feeling well the last few days I
just like wanted like rice and like soup
but things that we ordered was not very
good in channels so I just made some
point haystacks but 90% of this mess was
just normal like the kids making a mess
and then we exaggerated it just a tiny
hair because we are taking some really
important pictures for a really fun
company and I hope that they liked how
they turned out but we made lunch and
then we took some pictures and it was
really fun and we all had a fun time
doing it yes that's what I love about
this it's like we can the kids can be a
part of it and it's just like Jax we
just helped make a mess and it was
awesome Jackson drink directly from the
carton were you excited about that
everybody was doing it I was like you do
that I did you have the cameras that oh
I ever take a picture it was great did
you have fun
no basketball won't work where's the
soccer ball there's a soccer ball Oh
Jackson and I this morning for a really
long time started playing soccer we
played this morning for a while and then
we've been doing our errands and just
doing work stuff today he's been really
begging for us to play soccer again so
we gotta find the soccer ball touch the
basketball where's the soccer ball okay
the basketball have to work
okay how many of you guys as kids did
this and how many of you guys as adults
like this like when you go up the stairs
you like to boss to give that to you
yeah that was sure nice of him you
growled at me
you guys belly admit the fact that you
growl at me I did not to growl at you I
was trying to hide Ellie in the kitchen
by pushing the garbage disposal button
and I was like fine fine fine fine I'll
go into my office I'll send an email and
as I was walking away what did you do
you did not go because I know Ellie
wants me to stay in here with her in the
kitchen that's why I want to talk to but
I've got I've got like I have work to do
a little bit of work and I'm trying to
finish so I can help put the kids down
for bed you know how this goes oh okay
I'm not helping so I will go into my
office
touch one tell us why it's pregnancy ya
know when we're at their house I
remember I just like this is just very
convenient like like cooking like like
chicken or sanitary reasons or anything
like you can just like do it like do
your theme and we had already ordered
our faucet and after being in their
house I called I was like I would have
said I won the touchline it's been
really convenient mm-hmm really liked it
I like when you do your thing do your
thing girl do your thing but seriously
when I say do your thing that's code
word collide let's go in the hot tub
tonight I love you is that her dryer is
that our washing machine our washing
machine sounds like a train from like a
Disney cartoon from like the 40s and 50s
is that sound I was thinking about it
today I was thinking about myself
internally reflecting based on these
circumstances that I was in today
regarding the Internet it still stinks
at the same time though it wasn't that
long ago that the Internet this was the
fastest you could get you know this is
totally firstworldproblems right what's
your job yeah kind of hard I want to say
that it's a bummer but it hasn't really
like affected my day I just it made me
upset in the moment but I'm doing okay
and I want to be the person that they're
like yeah Jared you don't get mad at
things like the internet when it's
glacially slow we've had a fun day today
it's been really good we got a lot of
work done you know with building the
house and going to vlogger fair and
doing all the stuff and not having the
mail come to our house cuz I didn't have
a mailbox up and the mail person didn't
hold it at the post office we got a lot
done I'm proud of us for getting all of
those bills paid things checked off our
list and I thought it was for you guys
but we just we got a lot done and it's
ready to crash
yes we've possible I was gonna say after
we watched the flash horrible in the hot
tub we've got like three to watch Ellie
there was one tonight I can't watch a
wife watch a show I think that's a great
idea I'm gonna start me
a fireplace well you do me the honors of
sitting next to me and cuddling me on
this darn couch downstairs shor Jackson
threw up on it so we officially
officially officially have broken them
now there we go now we can eat down
there right okay are we calling it a
night with our friends yeah okay guys
for watch it you thank you for watching
the video we are so glad you're here
along for the journey with us and as
always we will see you bye that no woman
aah
