he's not happy I just did there good
morning guys and welcome to our very
last day in Seattle today is starting
off to be much better than last night
yesterday Ellie is up and Adam and oh my
god you're going to tell Ellie you'll
have to speak up you're wearing a towel
Ellie got up and showered and she's
feeling a lot better today fell up good
I am so glad to hear that my outfit out
well I laid some clothes up for you so I
could pack up all the rest of our stuff
like isn't is that okay okay you're like
that's not what I was gonna wear today
but thanks anyway I guess so we're gonna
get packed up and just move along you
ready to rock and roll B K broiler yeah
so here's the situation
our flight actually leaves tonight at 6
o'clock but we aren't really in the mood
to hang around Seattle that much longer
Ellie is a lot better but she's still
not feeling the best right I miss my
babies no longer throwing up so we just
got on a standby list yes we called
Delta I looked last night for flights
and everything was just completely
booked
they gave us some advice about standby
so Ellie and are the first two on a
standby flight at one o'clock which
leaves in like three hours so we're
gonna get Jackson and Calvin some
goodies we're gonna get a suitcase
because you guys are so awesome you have
spoiled our kids so you are making us
have to go bye hon we've got a suitcase
filled with all of these things like so
cute I think okay so here's here's the
thing and I said this in the Meetup like
it means so much to us that you guys
would take time from your weekend from
your daily routine to come say hello to
us and then additionally bring us like
goodies like don't have to do that yeah
thank you
the kids are gonna love it yes it means
a lot to
so thank you okay you ready to go we've
got all of our stuff packed up we're
gonna go get some stuff all right kiddos
you got stocked up on gum for the trip
huh
you guys get enough gum let's see can
you blow me a bubble oh you just put it
in so it's like still really big so do
you have fun yeah what a lot of fun good
you enjoy Seattle I did you're ready
okay let's see it oh you ruined it
oh now you lost it well I had so much
fun hanging out were you well I
appreciate you having fun with us okay
are you ready three I could barely fit
one that'll keep him quiet for a little
while
good bye Emily
I have a safe trip see you guys later
six gumballs your crazy little man okay
we'll see you guys bye Drake stir if you
want to see bloggers from their
perspective all have their channel link
down below it was just a lot of fun
hanging out with Matt because but I like
CVX and then here you know my brother
doing this stuff with us so it's it's
been it's been a lot of fun okay we've
got to do our run around check sure make
sure all the outlets are empty that's
the thing that I probably lose the most
are like charging cables and that drives
me the craziest because that's one of
the things that I use the most outlet
outlet outlet good I think we're good
are you good you look good
I love you
the
we got to the airport and they pretty
much told us there's like a zero percent
chance that we'll be able to get on
standby
so basically if no one shows up or like
two people don't show up then we can get
on but chances are really slim there's
no seats left so we'll go through
security and hope for the best
um this way
you
I can't believe we made it we may never
get a get on the fly Turk I'm so excited
Ellie's gonna freak out she's good we
made the fly yes around the plane how
awesome is that oh my gosh you guys
saved us today thank you so much
oh you guys are tamed appreciate it see
ya
instead of getting from the men we'll
get home at 6:00
here kids and Bluma them yeah we'll be
able to put another that's the thing
that I wanna do is I want to see him or
chemicals a huge sigh of relief
alright take that mask off it's just you
and me sister you go let's go home and
see our sweet little family and be
reunited be reunited we will be home at
6 o'clock so we held like an hour and a
half of like anxiety of ready to get
home and hug the kids and that's I hope
they're as excited to see us as we were
excited to see them I don't think that's
even a question you think they will I
think that they are very excited I bet
they miss us I crazy
I can't wait for them to give us hugs
like I miss Calvin wrapping his arms
around me and patting me on the back
while we were in the car wanted to give
you guys a little update you know that
now polish that I was like kept talking
about before we came as that se polish
that you don't have to care under the
lamp but it's supposedly lasts a really
long time I painted my nails this color
like right as we left like in the car so
I've been all polishes in the car
and like it's held up so good tilt up
really good by paying my mom's chose the
other day when I gave her a little kick
and they pulled it really well as well
I've just been really impressed and I
can't wait
once I feel better to like take it all
off and like do it again see how good it
really lasts with me doing like a really
good job doing my nail polish game right
now I don't know I don't like the Brad
Pitt guys just Shh
I'm sorry Ellie's running so fast yo
hurry up you ready oh hi buddy how are
you Cal did you miss me
yeah you good boy ha ha ha ha oh that is
so sweet
missed you so much Alan is not letting
go you're watching dad no tiger-like
good hey what'd I miss you make it mama
I love you hey guess what what we found
presents your cue father
I know okay Calvin I need a hug Calvin
Calvin I want a hug come give me hugs
ha ha ha I'll take her from you kids
you'll give it to me now I want to kiss
I love you dad yeah come give me hugs
Timmy you speaker you stinker well I can
tell who Calvin this daddy had commute
jacks Kevin he's kid hey Jackson is
getting Calvin to give it up come here
come here give me hugs
see you miss me Jack yet let's go in the
living room and we'll get some presents
kay oh wait cuz we're all walking in
here yeah this is all Ellie wanted when
you were sick huh yeah but yes we do
can you sit on the couch and we'll show
you what we got hey sit down I'll show
ya now daddy picked this out are you and
mommy picked this out for you no okay
do you know what it is it's a dinosaur
that shoots those balls out you open it
right now and that's an airplane that
makes sounds Calvin is that cool we
looked and we couldn't find anything we
liked so we went to the airport and then
we found something that we liked
show me to open now okay oh I just
missed you
oh no don't point it at you pointing at
daddy and squeezin daddy and squeeze him
and squeeze the tub really hard oh you
got me now put it back in his mouth and
try again
Calvin do you like your airplane
he's like a condiment squeezer now we
didn't leave you guys empty-handed we
have something for you guys we are a
specific get full of love and joy and
cuteness right for Dad we got moose poop
I love it thank you and for mom we got
this but there's one thing else we got
well we're thinking we couldn't bear not
to get you a gift so we got you bear
poop this is so perfect
thank you well you're welcome but mom
I've got something else for you in the
car something that I think you'll like
even more than bear food here is the
thing I'm not a new color on yours yeah
how come on your little turtle oh not on
that tape oh yeah right there
what color you holding Jax yeah you
color your pillow with it oh not in your
mouth you putted a pillow cool that fits
them perfectly I love that hey you're
welcome
you got some colors on there before the
kids go to bed they are just coloring
their pillows that you guys have given
to them so thank you so much this is
kind of a fun little activity to do
before bed not in your mouth right here
now what can you bite me myself what
okay bite me kitty bit you yeah what kit
what kitty what a different one I get a
cat bit you
so I'm sitting here going through
footage and I just noticed a clip of
Ellie with Jackson and Calvin drying on
the pillows and Jackson says a kitty bit
me and I was like okay whatever well I
was putting jack
down for bed and he said kitty bit me
right there
on many pointed to his hand and I was
like really like what are you talking
about
he said kitty bit me so which kitty the
kitty on mommy's shirt le has a little
cat on the back of her shirt and we were
so confused by what he was talking about
earlier but he finally said the cat on
Ellie's shirt so in case you were
wondering Jackson got bit by the cat on
Ellie's shirt kids say the darndest
things and is the cutest thing ever
anyway back to the blog we have some
Lipton soups that we are making the kids
are just getting ready for bed they're
finishing up coloring your spider-man is
looking great Jackson and Jared and I
looked outside at what the landscapers
have been doing it looks so good they
have done so much so the landscapers
have all of the pavers done so right
here is gonna be all grass and then they
have pavers I just love these they look
so good right here and I believe they're
gonna end the pavers at least I think
right here looks so good I can't wait to
roast marshmallows that you just chasing
kids left and right yeah cool thank you
I'm excited this is gonna be so fun
swish in the grass gets in it is bad
time it's so good to see you kids them
so much and he's mad at you oh he wants
to go what's good ECC's hey Jackson not
up there come back he's not happy I just
did their last fight we're going to bet
if you want to make okay alright let's
go to bed let's go to bed you're ready
to go to bed it's going to swab stick
boy
Oh time for bed but say goodnight he
does not want to go to bed and you want
some you want some yogurt now he is
avoiding this is for worship he does not
want to go to bed we should beat Jay
goodnight we're gonna rock shake good
night friends good night thank you guys
so much for watching the vlog today and
not just today good entrance but every
day Jared and I films for a lot of
reasons and one of the biggest reasons
is for us we can look back on these
wonderful memories crazy adventures as
being sick overcoming trials just
seriously just life and I love that we
have these memories and doing these
conventions these meetups even though I
wasn't able to go to the full Meetup I
did meet a lot of you guys the day
before I met a lot of you vloggers the
day before as well and it just is a
wonderful experience to hear your guys's
uplifting stories the trials that you
have overcome the experiences that you
guys are going through sometimes I know
it can sound cheesy being like everyday
can be happy and like I know that it can
but like it's not like this is our life
you can control not everything in life
but you can control your attitude and
Jared I truly are a believer in that and
I believe that and you are happy for the
most part and you know things come up
and we get frustrated and that's okay
and that's good to get frustrated
sometimes if you know what I mean like
it's good to express your emotions but
overall we are happy and I'm just
grateful that we're able to share that
with you guys and vice versa thank you
guys so much for watching we'll see you
tomorrow and brand new week and we're
back home with our family yes thank you
for me thank you for thank you for me
from me thank you for I'm thankful for
you I'm like oh I'm grateful for my sect
you you would say that
I'm kidding hey healthy yeah thanks guys
bye
