is everyone having a good time
I just asked ever enough they're having
a good time and I think every time
good morning from Seattle it's another
beautiful cloudy overcast day with a
little bit of rain
happy Anniversary Ellie today we are
celebrating 7 years of wonderful
marriage and we're starting it off by
going to the drugstore because Ellie is
not feeling good at all so we're going
to the drugstore right now to get her
some medicine shoot and their clothes is
7:00 in the morning here and I think
they open up at 8 to shoot shoot shoot
shoot I got a place so I can get some
stuff but good morning happy anniversary
okay it's starting to rain more when I
got our bag of goodies goodies medicine
stuff feel-good stuff oh that's a red
light
don't run Jer don't run into the street
yet okay back to the place to get this
alley
hopefully she felt better in time for
this Meetup it's our anniversary
come on we gotta go
so here's a quick little update on the
situation today Ellie is just flat in
bed she is not feeling good at all she
talked to me and she said Jared you
should go meet everyone make sure that
the meetup is good and everything so
that's what I'm doing now and then as
soon as that's done we're gonna go get
her all taken care of I'm excited for
this Meetup I know there's a lot of
people here waiting so we're gonna go
have some fun
okay this is the free name of a a main
event before the main event are you
ready for your I'm pretty excited good
I'm glad there are some like booths out
there that's I think that's where we're
having the Meetup yeah I should be my
honor
so we're just kind of waiting and they
said that there's people out there ready
to go so I think we're just going to
make our way out there you guys ready to
rock and roll yeah oh we got a drummer
we got drummer we got the guitar hit the
bass thump the bass in you can you come
out and we can come it can come out
right now
oh you're awesome Liz okay guys hands in
hands in so Matt hands in Emily hands in
Brian hands in hope you guys hands in
hands in guys this is going to be a good
vloggerfair we're gonna have a great
time I want you to be focused on the
goal on our mission the task at hand
okay bon viveur three what two three
longer bear that was very enthusiastic
let's go up your thighs okay this is the
spot this is where we are hanging out
this is the booth happened
we got Kornegay tea here man Emily over
there Jeff and Natalia there we're about
to start out either let's get to it
is everyone having a good time
I just asked everyone after having a
good time and I think every good time
we're having a great time of vloggerfair
we've got and and we're having fun where
you guys from Portland represents
there's much fun India yeah you guys
like it is it true
thank you guys for coming right and I've
said this to people like it means so
much listen you would take time and come
say hello because it makes our day so
thank you so much
what's up we were hanging out with me
Anat and she remembered last year that I
am so self-conscious about my breath
that she brought me a piece of gum and I
was like wait is my breath really that
bad she said no Jared no I remember so I
brought it for you so thank you so much
I also brought some stuff
you are so silly
this is for Calvin oh very cute look at
their eyeballs yeah yes feel better oh
thank you so much thank you so much
she's hanging out here with my buddy
cadence having a good time you happen to
be a date today yeah yeah we're having
fun a blogger fair
thank you so much for coming I
appreciate it brought your mom with you
she apparently is a huge fan of Gillian
Jared right she's the one who got to
started watching the vlog yeah
I'm just good but thanks for coming do I
want to say anything look yeah shut up -
Dawson - later on
awesome very cool thanks for coming
buddy appreciated we're hanging out with
Giuliana and hey Ava
nice to meet you guys are you guys for
neurons or no come on I come in Oh
Sacramento California you guys drove
such a long way to fly or drive leaves
up there so just having you guys are
here during vlogger fair
welven yeah I'm like the timing is
perfect
maybe def plan that were if it was there
a little planning going on yeah yeah
absolutely absolutely nothing exactly
awesome little so cool to see you guys
thank you for coming seeing myself in
the vlog tomorrow yeah yeah you know
what we'll put like a little mustache
here and let some Glatt know I'm getting
how it'll be really funny nice to meet
you guys
Mercedes and McKenzie made these cute
little decorations for the kids their
Christmas ornaments look at that like
they're there little-known fact is the
sweetest thing ever thank you guys that
is so cool of you hey Leonardo Leo Leo
Bert you're gonna see yourself Raphael
my buddy Jackson Raphael wants to say
hello say hi Chloe
he's saying it with his eyes and his
heart yeah you want to say hi accent hey
Jackson Jackson's mommy sorry you're not
feeling good yeah hoping she feels
better the cows house and she likes
cooking videos and I know Jackson would
love for a peanut butter pie yeah we
have high fives boom right there 20 to
100 subscribers oh wow that's awesome
can we have a high-five Leonardo Boop
there we go awesome thanks guys guys we
literally have a family from the North
Pole
did you know that North Pole Alaska and
Claus house is right down the way that's
so awesome and they gave us an ornament
from them I feel so funny saying that
like is that like what you guys like
when someone you say where you're from
people like you're just joking with you
but it's a real plant all the time that
is so cool there well thank you so much
for coming all the way from the North
Pole to say it alone I appreciate it out
you
you
hi sweetie how are ya
you doing okay since you left
hmm that's a good sign I get up I'm
light so I'm all good
take your time you don't even have to
get up just hang out it was great I'm
tried liking everyone on Twitter yeah
and then I was like I like you know when
you're through your sink it's yeah can't
watch a movie you just gotta close your
eyes a lot of people send their love and
their well wishes to you right now we
shaded I mad I'm not there and now my
kids are sick I'm not there I'm mad that
you saw mom and dad's out there doing a
walk I didn't know they sent us a text
message and said that they're running
around playing and they're being lunch
and all that stuff
it's good news so Ellie was talking with
Sam and Jenna well Jenica earlier today
they weren't feeling well either not too
long ago and they said that they swore
by this stuff so I went to the store and
got it and here in Seattle it was 30
bucks
his box so Ellie I hope it works I've
actually been taking the medicine too
just as a precautionary thing I've been
washing my hands like crazy with the
meet up I've been doing lots of like
really good preventative care for me and
for everyone else too everyone's been so
cute and a lot of people you've been
sick a lot
you totally have like we moved three
weeks ago and I thought the same thing
I gotta bed and then like 40s later I
got a cold the cold turned into a sinus
infection and then finally when that was
done I just got a buck again yeah so I
feel yeah I'm ready to be done yeah
everyone's been really cute yeah they've
been really good to you you know this
proves I have the immune system of a
mongoose I just don't know against it
okay I'm ready to give you medicine I'm
ready to play doctor how they like pop
rocks Ellie just dropped like that whole
tube and how's it dissolve in her mouth
Oh are they like pop rocks they taste
bad what's that yeah let them dissolve
in your mouth they should make him like
cherry flavored like pop rocks the
moment I heard our babies were home sick
my first reactions like I got to go home
to him like and I bawled and I was like
I'm sick they're sick like we all need
each other no that's just the first
thought light that comes into your mind
as a parent my first reactions like oh
my gosh we got to get home like I'll
wear mask on my face I'll like wash my
hands like I'll just try the best I can
obviously I'm not like we'll just stick
with our flight tomorrow Jared's parents
so that the kids are eating now and
they're running around so I'm sure
they're still sick but they're at least
like I'm not throwing that a lot better
than you think Jared and I are going to
watch a show and eat crackers and sip on
Gatorade and we both have medicine in us
and we'll just find on movie to watch
absolutely yeah we'll have some soup and
I'm glad that yesterday we had a fun
like romantic night
yeah yeah I mean yeah what's funny is I
think every year something goes wrong on
our anniversary our first year like our
axle broke on our car the second year
something happened like there's been a
few incidences like birthdays and
anniversaries it's like why is this
being ruined
it's like Valentine's Day it's like it's
a special day it's a day to just you
know share your love but you love each
other all around yeah
same with our anniversary like I
wouldn't have it any other way sitting
here watching a movie with you sipping
on soup and eating crackers is I'm gonna
have just as much fun as we would go on
out to dinner like being with you is all
I need my life you know the happy
anniversary
everything stinky but oh my gosh listen
to him there's a protest
they're being escorted by the police and
just walking up and down the streets and
you know saying things that I couldn't
understand what they're saying but it
just seemed like it was
I'm sure it's related to the election
protests have been going around not down
this street not next to the hotel but I
think throughout the city but this one's
like it was just I've never seen that
before
like in person so it was interesting to
see one thing I like about Seattle is
that I'm walking out here on November
13th in a long-sleeve shirt and I feel
good like it's raining a little bit but
it's not terribly cold
we got the Cheesecake Factory Ella got
like a really really light soup and I
have some chicken is room something like
that that I'm gonna eat some sort of
gumbo and we're just gonna stay inside
watch a movie and eat Ellie just told me
that she threw up again I just feel so
bad well hopefully this will settle our
stomach a little bit and we've got some
of that new medicine in her so hopefully
that will help as well but it feels
great outside I I really like it
all right round two of throw up I have a
thrown up late all afternoon and I just
again and I probably stink but I have to
tell you something Jared and I have been
married for seven years today today I
died and seven years ago jared has a
like $25 scratched-up
like really cheap titanium ring from
like Amazon uh-huh and they couldn't get
it sooner Oh
Ellie I really wanted to upgrade and
have you have a really nice ring forever
and I found another one that I like
uh-huh but this kind this is the same
color as my ring now so we ever upgrade
like later on yeah then we'll get like
other color matching rings do you like
it yeah I really like that it's a
comfort fit so you should like it I just
liked the detail on it I think it looks
great
thank you got that for me yeah it should
be here in like a week bombing I said we
weren't gonna do anything now each other
I know but I really like Jared me like I
guess you don't need anything but you
know what I mean like yeah I mean this
is it's thin and it's really scratched
up and I want you to have a nice ring
like I have a nice ring in my
I think seven years ago we really could
not afford much and I wanted to get you
something nice
well thank you I appreciate that I don't
have it with me look it's Brady no it
looks really great
I'm surprised because we said we were in
it I know I know we just got the house
in there I know but I appreciate our
anniversary and Christmas we D are just
you know we have the house that you're
celebrating so thank you not being
anniversary okay
you just know my love language is well
we might give Jared I was like let's
find like the most subtle and softest
soup that I can like eat a little bit of
so so I got that for soup we'll see how
that pans out you keep pointing the
camera away fry I'm just like I'm done
there you go all right that's as much
energy as I want to say okay movie and
dinner sorry guys you're not invited to
the movie and or dinner but if you want
to have dinner and watch a movie in
between clips you're more than welcome
to do so just not in this hotel room
okay bye
