good morning even with no Starbucks this
morning and got hot chocolate and like
banana nut bread you got some sort of
thing it's so fun to be here it's
raining and I love it and I'm excited
we're just waiting on our car yeah how
it just got here we're driving oh here
is something cool oh you go ahead and
take the front seat thank you I'm
excited a thank you very much oh yeah we
don't need the car seats but I
appreciate the gesture because you know
a lot of people know we have kids so
they just assume but we're just not
thank you very much I appreciate it
there's we can tell what's in the back
if you don't thank you this guy's
amazing all right
I love Cullen and like I just love our
friends I just love our friends and I
can't wait to spend and there is the
Space Needle I love the weather today
like it's rainy it's cold
Jared said it totally reminds him of
home which it is and this is like your
home you know Seattle obviously is a lot
more wet than in Spokane but like days
like this like I love I love to go
having hot chocolate look at that
beautiful bridge and look at that
beautiful family hey guys how's it going
the main family of the day how's it
going hi Jedi how are ya how are you
guys thank you so much for having us
we're so excited so the conference is at
Adobe like Adobe like holy cow I use all
of their things
I know like I'm so excited I feel like a
kid in a candy store here okay we're
going so this morning how it works in
there is going to be several panels
during the afternoon where you can go to
classes you can hear people's
inspiration you can hear how people work
with their YouTube channel and advertise
it and whatnot just put the panel's off
the classes and it's kind of fun because
like hey Jeff it was just like everyone
just kind of like congregate think now
there's a fun just kind of catch up with
each other this is where the little
break room is I guess you could call it
so they have like some food and racks
and during like important so that's our
life isn't it this is I got the biggest
Chloe because last time she really liked
me
dudes art she's a new stage right now is
she will randomly cry oh she likes us I
love it on babies lately I'm just a hair
like
especially as we miss our kids summer I
talk to them like a real robot
how many people have I'm following
someone's social media because it's all
there I see people in this room the
people out there that I so we had a
little bit of a heart attack we may or
may not have along with 100 other
people's she subjects cameras
luckily we found Janice I have been
taking notes of all of the classes that
we have been doing because I really want
to do like detail channel of all this a
video on my channel but what we've been
doing the past few hours is we've eaten
we've done like this is per our fourth
class that we've done where we are
learning about networking business right
now this cost is really important for us
because this is my taxes taxes and
making sure we have all our ducks in a
row
people hear about something crossing my
fingers that I know it's always pretty
hey it's always fun but it's a little
intimidating I'm sitting with some good
guys :
I saved you a seat swoop it I saved you
see are you gonna be on this panel with
me do we have a choice
hey the first people that we met here in
vlogger fair and I was like so happy to
meet you oh you're so sweet a day and
the life with alleys all day with all
these that's right
alright let's get down to it so I can't
even remember how many times we've been
to Seattle we've definitely been to
vlogger fair this is the third time and
every single time oh look there's space
people by the way space no space it was
right there but every time we've come
here I've wanted to go to the EMP museum
but it's always been closed when we're
out done with our activities like look
how amazing it looks like it's just like
this really cool looking museum I guess
it was inspired by Jimi Hendrix so
that's like another huge thing that I'm
excited about ultimately we're coming in
here when it's open and because we're
finally done with our activities today
we want to go inside see the EMP museum
okay I think about one of my dreams is
about to come true Ellie I know you've
always wanted to be in a video game and
you were also going the wrong way
it's a side scroller to the right not
the left sorry let me show you how it's
done
are you jump over they all have like
strings and everything to take a look at
that one right there that's like all
electric that's crazy
don't mind me I'm just lying on the
floor did you get it
hey Ellie
would you like to try that dress on
forget it because it's made of work
it doesn't matter how cold it we are
going to do something that we want to do
Jared some bike rentals and that's what
we did for one of our very first dates
and we're going to find a bike station
rent a bike write it down to the pier
get some dinner get some dinner and then
hang up I mean we'll stay up all night
long we have never done this before but
I'm like so excited to do this we are
gonna run some bikes Elliot wait wait
wait you got to make sure this is a good
one okay I'm gonna check the tires you
got to check the suspension the handling
make sure it's a good one to see good oh
that one's perfect for you Ellie you bet
your sweet bones oh I'm excited to just
ride bikes and hold hands with you oh
sorry I you're excited too gotta go
I feel like I haven't ridden a bike in
forever but this is so fun I love it
going down this hill and my only thought
is we're gonna have to come back up
well that's too steep because Ellie's
brakes are like not working so we're
walking the bike but we are decided to
ride oh my gosh look Ellie Street around
and look at me for a second look at you
with that view is just gorgeous you're
beautiful
I can't get over how beautiful this
whole scenery is like the ferris wheel
in the background City Line you like the
noise it's just beautiful this is a fun
little getaway for us we're so excited
to be celebrating seven years of
wonderful marriage this week move on
talk about what we want to do this next
year like with the kids and it's funny
I've never been one to think I would
want to travel you know have a little
fun little trip with our family just any
milestones are good times to look back
and reflect and see what you're grateful
for see what you would do differently
that is beautiful
yeah oh we gotta go Ellie there's cars
behind us right there Ellie the sidewalk
the colossal we have to go in the road
with the cars and I was like Ellie we
gotta hurry there's cars behind us
pulling the guy who was right next to us
did you see that as soon as soon as I
said that he said if the course there's
cars behind us it was so funny
oh no they're good to be good to us yeah
I like you tired well we made it were
here look how pretty that is
no sorry I can't even have a drink no
it's mine but thank goodness is
waterproof okay are we good are we clean
we're cleaned up we're good okay bum bum
bum bum bum
I feel like I'm from the future right
now I just ordered food and to have it
delivered to the hotel through uber he
just drove up and gave it to me like how
cool is that we are hanging out in the
hotel lobby and we ordered some dessert
are you ready for this man yes so we
were thinking about we got this frozen
custard like how cool is that
like we just media want to leave so we
just did it Ebury um I heard about this
not that long ago I think usually do
that in Jersey they don't have that in
Utah yeah that's yeah that's the sucky
thing about living in such a small town
is like they don't have anything like I
don't even like over what I guess we're
gonna have to eat with our hands oh wow
that's it's pretty melty house this one
that was not that bad so we are trying
the words for the first time we finally
found some spoons thanks Matt and I got
the muddy mix oh it's ice cream and
chocolate and peanut butter anyway this
is so fun I'm gonna taste it Oh what you
scream
it's really good
oh good
Oh awesome weather you guys have good
that's funny
these are smart wool socks they're
faster we throw away like all of our
socks yeah Ellie is asleep
guys thank you so much for watching the
video today if you enjoyed it give it a
big thumbs up if you're not subscribed
hit that subscribe button check out the
links down below we've had an amazing
weekend so far and right now it is
Ellie's and my anniversary happy ending
love her so much
thank you guys for watching and we'll
see you guys tomorrow bye
