good morning guys happy Friday I am
still on like this emotional high from
yesterday we had such a blast having
everyone over at our house having a
great time especially doing that manikin
challenge if you haven't seen that we'll
have links below we are getting ready to
go
we are leaving Ellie you're much more
ready than I am you are much more
prepared we have just packing everything
and the kids are a good help getting
everything in and out of the suitcase I
think Jackson is thrown about every
single pair of my socks out of the
suitcase across the room so we are
packing because we're going to longer
food guys I need a pack Ellie they're
packing themselves hotel guys are you
gonna be good for Grandma grandpa just
go and Grandpa gonna put you guys to bed
the next few nights excited
okay look at them they're so cute like
they just love that get out of here let
me help me word to your mother Brian
shake my hand hey the lease is not a
ghillie suit hey we'll see you guys in
like a couple hours okay and then we're
gonna fly to see how daddy and I have to
say an extra kiss we're gonna lay you
down for a nap he is ready like he's
ready for it
John he has his three things there we go
we're gonna say an extra goodbye do you
give me a kissy can you give me kiss mm
I have a kiss give mommy a kiss Oh have
you I want to look squeeze you so funny
oh you can grab my kisses - okay kisses
all around I we will be back very soon
be really
pay and you can ride your bike and your
friends will come out you can ride your
bike with them but you be good okay give
a kiss good we made it to the airport
and caught up with our friends but this
is the very first time I've ever gone
through an airport security where they
have had to Pat me down don't really
show how they just show how they did you
just gotta borrow his marrow yeah just
yeah just now she got like the full like
they did that's not how they did it they
they they had to Pat me down and go all
up my leg and like the whole thing like
everything yeah yeah and they've got
Missy in the room I guess movies yes
dogs sniffing all around it was kind of
weird but I was like okay you can Pat me
down : and Katie are here somewhere and
I'm hoping we can see them before they
take off yeah so they had their flight
leaves 30 minutes before hours before we
left I was holding Jackson and I went
into my bathroom says picking up some
stuff I put him on the counter I was
like you'd be really good for Grandma
grandpa and I said you'd be happy and he
goes yeah and I said and we'll bring you
home a surprise and he perked right up
he was really sad but right before we
left he was really good to be with
Grandma and Grandpa's fighting with them
it's sad but they're in really good
hands and me I'm excited to like find a
little gift for them though so he was
really excited because I think I said
I'm gonna get you a gift and he goes a
surprise surprise
yes so he's a blue
maybe we'll find a bucket hey how was it
to me oh you got did she ask if you
wanted it private Oh cuz they asked me
that job private or not and I said oh
I'm fine yeah yeah take your clothes off
social I didn't wanna get up right
really so busy like did like oh yeah
yeah everything yeah I just got it too
we are three for three on this now
Ellie's gonna go dull right cook a cook
is a combo breaker okay let's try it try
me try me try me I've got the camera so
this is gonna be very difficult
oh goes way over my head
one two oh shit yeah he's disappointing
myself
are you kidding me right now what are we
doing wrong no don't show him Bonnie
just texted and said I need you to pick
up Jackson for a playdate she just text
me picture of Jackson coupe instead this
is your sentence to fit around look at
my name but the thing is it's in the
toilet
what is your my neck
how did you get if you do that I have no
idea
good job Bonnie we're about to get on
the plane you ready that melts your
heart that's like huge Holly went to the
bathroom and we told Jackson and Jackson
were in there is and like Dex is like
volleyball that's so sweet
that's like a big parent win for us like
I was screaming so ever
oh I love flying and I love that
everyone probably knew that Jackson
cooked in the toilet at least like the
first 15 rows knew that enough and as we
were walking back some guy was like hey
how old is your son and we told you that
yeah we're having celebrations at my
house too
it's just sweet I mean all parents who
are in the same a know exactly what we
just experienced so fun to hear them I
like sad I wasn't there but I know that
like okay like between watching oli this
weekend and maybe because I'm lost and
yeah - dog doing so well anyway so cute
such a fun parent woman more than two
years ago at this very spot UMass is the
third vlogger fair so this is the second
year this is the very first spot where
we met in person yeah like this is it
this is a special spot for us and we
hugged for the first time just like this
like like it's fun going through hundred
popping all these memories right Missy
where's my hug oh and our kids are
rambunctious like it's so fun doing it
I know you probably weren't even thought
of Kelvin wasn't even thought of we're
thinking about it but not there's not a
little bit like up we are in Seattle we
are getting ready for vlogger fair it's
gonna be a pretty freakin amazing two
days we've got to go get our luggage go
get a car and then off to the hook
we have one week anniversary universally
seven years this weekend something they
can't believe that and we've known each
other even longer pretty fun yeah I love
you not ours
that's ours yep I'll grab it no I'll
grab it
no I got it thank you
good team where I could have done it you
could have but
we made it into our hotel room this is
the most unique small cute hotel room
I've ever been in you walk in the
bathrooms right here and here is and I
walked in and the view is cool Seattle
but I thought this was so cute Jared
thank you did you call them and tell
them to put flowers in here
well I smells good not take credit for
it welcome me combs we are so happy to
have you staying and celebrating with us
we wish you an incredible anniversary
and a wonderful stay let us know if you
need anything that's so cute
Jared I have a confession I didn't do
anything
happy Anniversary Ehlinger charge of
Mellie's bouquet thank you for sharing
your anniversary with us Liz yes yeah
you're so sweet she is the sweetest we
saw her down in the lobby she kind of
like manages a lot of stuff with the
waters pearl that's like vloggerfair and
then it's like hand in hand Liz yeah
Thank You Lynn yeah that's so sweet
we started out stairs a mom she is there
just awesome babies are so cute yeah um
definitely taking the cups
yeah for sure oh and just in case I
snore oh let's get ready a while until
yeah absolutely I think I say this every
single time we come here but I love
Seattle
it's just beautiful the city it just
like makes me miss
city you know cuz you don't really live
it's funny over just like walking to
dinner ten minutes
yeah you don't do that in Logan you
drive everywhere and I just love walking
and having the city the nightlife
everything is so fun yeah okay we'll
make a quick stop in nursery I'll go to
that guy kidding but really we're going
to dinner
that's a serious hack we will ride him
I'm gonna make that like you're
celebrating my anniversary yes but if
you're gonna ride your scooter or your
bike you need your helmet that's the
rule yeah yeah that is the rule no it's
not go yes it is the rule no you don't
think it's the rule I love my hair
makeup okay then we're gonna go inside
dinner was great this is the first night
and several nights that we are calling
it early yes
I said let's watch a show tonight
because I know the next few nights are
gonna be up really late we're gonna be
party and we're gonna be hanging out
we're gonna be seeing you guys we don't
have kids to keep and I brought our
chocolates - ginger gave us those so I'm
gonna eat all those tonight - you can't
go into a hotel room without jumping on
the bed so here my honorary bed hotel
bed John it's comfy was that a good
owner Shannon is good oh that was really
cool there you go thank you guys so much
for watching today we have a huge next
couple of days really excited to meet
you guys all and say hi so we'll see you
guys tomorrow
for Jackson and Calvin hi Jackson hi
Calvin we
sooo already and we're so glad that
you're having a good time with Grandma
and Grandpa be good for Grandma grandpa
we'll see you soon tomorrow daddy and I
are gonna go to a store we're gonna look
for a little gift for you can't wait to
see you we love you be good for Grandma
okay good night see you guys my Jackson
we'll see you soon bye Calvin
