do you know you used to be this little
yeah and did you know that Kelvin you
used to be a free still are but tava
used to be so little too like this yeah
this is Brooks I said who's this this is
Macy Gaines brother good morning guys I
hope you had some good sleep because
today is going to be amazing it is a day
full of adventure excitement amazingness
and Ellis grey bars mom and dad are over
here and we are cooking some sweet sweet
breakfast and we are making some 'evil
skeevers which are like the go-to
breakfast when you have company over it
is so good mom has like the best recipe
is she's the best of evel's keepers to
teach you how to make it so we're
excited about that we got bacon we've
got French Toast Casserole with
blueberries so we've got that going on
up here and then down here all of the
kids ah hi guys good morning how are you
- Leigh did you sleep good Hey Bruce
want any Batman did you sleep good yeah
did you sleep good good Jackson did you
sleep good good Finley did you sleep
good why yes I did thank you so much for
asking I appreciate it your house was
very very warm and I really appreciate
you letting me stay here I'm gonna hug
my mom right now that's what I'm doing
thank you very much
I'm really excited a breakfast - okay
breakfast is served
how is everyone's ebelskivers and French
Toast Casserole and bacon gone
uncredible good Jackson I'm liking it as
you fall down to the ground be careful
everything delicious guys thank you guys
for being such amazing cut
you're here highly ck's oh my gosh hi
sweetheart
dude you guys right oh it's so beautiful
thank you thank you so much
look how tall she is she is so table
yeah The Three Musketeers have been
reunited we've got the whole group here
look at this I'm very important oh babe
did you bring the baby you left him at
the hotel cute sleeping
so apparently Calvin has locked himself
in the bathroom and not just locked
himself with the key or the the door
jamb he will close the door and then
open the drawer so we can't get in even
if the doors unlock Calvin you okay
buddy oh are you okay Kevin I'm coming
don't worry oh I've got it don't worry
bud
okay hey buddy
hey hey you okay Cal come here
oh are you okay oh my gosh you got
stickers all over your face yeah we're
trapped in the bathroom yeah you okay it
was so sad I opened the window and he
just started bawling
don't worry and the camera fell down oh
no guy crawled through that window for
my son's safety mom okay I just want a
baby brother or sister it'd be like what
do you think Jackson is he cute
I haven't had such like a new new baby
Oh lie I know this is Brad you say hi
Brooks being so soft over you give him a
kiss on his forehead I mean like helps
that chicken news it'll baby yeah then
make your baby hungry I actually like it
it's cute seeing Jackson and Calvin yeah
oh that is sweet
good job bud you're doing great
yeah you're doing good Jackson oh you
are cute I love this so much like
Jackson keeps asking to Holden he's
trying to put the binky in his mouth he
just wants to suck on his hands right
now
Brett's teacher so cute you are
oh you be soft with it yep there we go
hope you did can I hold them now no you
want to hold him
do you know you used to be this little
yeah and did you know that Calvin
you used to be a barista lar but tava
needs to be so little too like this yeah
this is Brooks
like I said who's this this is Maisie
Jane's brother
yeah he's been in the face too or he
will pick up on Calvin so he drags
Calvin around and Calvin screams he's
like I hold you you are I know I know I
always ask him like a brother or sister
what do you always say well see maybe I
know maybe I think Ellie's little baby
hungry this is like immediately the
second clip okay okay Ellie please don't
eat the babies we were all just outside
having a blast now it's hunger needed
downstairs here in the basement
everyone's playing or either laying down
for a nap all right kids listen up
listen up
wait what'd you say oh you do for some
weird apparent reason what about you
sister girl
yeah Jackson what do you have on Yoshi
she's feeding the baby world spin around
Jackson guys we've got like t-minus one
and a half hours until this party really
begins
whoo so that means Olly Polliwog we are
gonna go swim in the hot tub for a
little bit are you excited young man
let's go let's go right now come on
let's go we've got an hour and a half to
go have some fun and get ready for the
party if you guys don't know where hey I
made your party tonight I would take the
shirt up
he's like she's like dad what are you
waiting for let's go Jackson come on
pull up your pants ago
Oh
have a baby you're so well so I just
like take your purse off take it yeah
topic burgers yes ready to go yeah we
are ready we have Bonnie and Bo hey
welcome to our home again there's fun
because now we could actually say this
is a party rather than a family
get-together you guys we have just a few
other friends here
I caught two big summer crying some are
happy we've got like two kids here
I got Penelope in Kelvin we're happy
you
I just want to thank you guys all for
coming I know it's a long ways for a lot
of you I just want to say real quick
that is so cool that something like
YouTube could bring all of us together
into our home and has created this bond
of friendship and family and how fathers
are together from California to Texas in
your bosom you go to our our family and
Alabama mousical you guys all coming
like I said
I am so Ellie and I are so grateful for
your friendship for all the years that
we've grown to closer together
thank you for coming and I hope you guys
have a good time okay don't blame
everyone in your positions and three to
one free
so we just watched the mannequin
challenge do you guys think it turned
out okay was the mannequin challenge
good I started making so to thanks to
Carl for filming it we had some really
great stances in there Zack was like
holding you up like crazy like that was
awesome
got some big messes he's pretty good
anyway this whole thing has just been so
fun like it's been so cool to see
everyone just chatting and making new
friends meeting old friends and like I
said before it's so cool that you two as
a community can bring people together
like this and to create friendships and
I'm so grateful for all these people who
are so excited to like meet new people
and and do all of this stuff it's just
fun see like you gotta bring it yes yeah
the pumpkin outside that said dr. pepper
yeah yeah that was me hey ready pinkie
ticka ticka ticka John Deasy hi my name
is Miko Oh
my name is Jayden well in Ireland
drawings you made
oh my gosh there are you can feed a
small country with all the food we have
left let's get you some food
grandpa Griffis we all were right here
and everyone ran outside cuz : went to
scare mom and dad's playing this reality
game mom or did you crap your pants
Colin cannot be around without pulling
prank all right we are making it
official everyone is whoever is left a
lot of people have a lot of people
hanging out here we're just sitting
around this is where everyone is
gathering just around the island well
Mike Maris brought over some sparkling
cider and Jeff is gonna make it official
we're gonna pop it open no no drink to
the new house Ready Set there we go
I was just joking at first it's funny
we're talking about like how different
is for people like so many people think
it's so weird that we have a toilet in
our laundry room and we're talking about
wearing shoes in the house and kami was
saying in everybody at this parties
might have their shoes off and I was
like freaking out I'm like what is up
there she's all the real stain like yeah
yeah Katie said in Alabama like no one
takes their shoes off what do you think
you don't like it you might take your
shoes off after dinner if you're gonna
stay for a while and like prop your feet
up on the otters yeah I always thought
you took your shoes off so you didn't
track stuff in and get the stuff dirty
around the nail shops know and like yeah
yeah totally it goes huge part of it
yeah come on bought new socks Justin's
troops are here I know so we all I know
looking of our sides Missy you're so
late no I don't know they're not that I
take that back those are fuzzy and cute
we had such a fun day is such a fun
gathering such a fun party thank you
guys so much for all coming of our
friend thank you guys for coming along
and watching I absolutely loved the
challenge today huge thumbs up and we'll
have all our friends and family and
their links descriptions down below Jeff
you're so good at this
hurry everyone jump on him okay thank
you guys so much for watching we'll see
you guys tomorrow
