all right how long have we lived here
Jared Oh two weeks jinx
okay so we lived here for about two
weeks whoa and I finally you guys are
really smudgy I'm sorry about that I'm
sorry about that you had to smell my
morning breath okay so we've lived here
for two weeks and I feel like I finally
have a really good routine of how I like
to clean and how I tackle the floors
it's definitely sections at a time so
today I just swept all the floors and I
wiped them up and I always start this
section is one section the kitchen areas
one section and that one's over there
the laundry room area is a section
anyway the upstairs is done now we just
need to vacuum the downstairs the house
is pretty much clean we have our friends
coming over today so I want the floors
right we need to get dressed
are you excited for your friends come he
thinks his Cody's coming but he's going
to be in for a really fun surprise
because he has some really fun friends
coming over
do you like it that's good
you're a good helper Jackson you guys
thought yesterday that my office was a
disaster but we hung up the guitars and
it looked great I've got it all cleaned
and ready to go Ellie what do you think
haha just not five seconds ago I said
hey Ellie I just clean the office how
does it look she said after I'm done
with it it'll look good you're just
you're just pledging the the things like
that's all you're doing right oh did you
know this so the YouTube play button the
hundred thousand subscriber silver play
button they changed it it's a lot bigger
now that's like it's like this big so it
totally throws off how I came the the
thing II know that clintus got his
congratulation clintus on a hundred
thousand subscribers on his gaming
channel oh cool that's awesome so yeah
this Sunday Ellie and I will be
celebrating seven years of marriage and
in that seven years of marriage I think
someone else has cut my hair maybe two
or three times it rarely happens
Ellie always does a great job it's free
so why not we are so pressed for time
today I'm going to get my hair cut from
someone else and Ellie's probably even
upset that I'm in saying that because
she takes pride in her haircut so that
she gives to me but we have about maybe
one hour I'm looking at my invisible
watch until our guests get here so we've
got a hurry we are dividing and
conquering she's out getting some
groceries I'm getting my hair cut and
that's where we are
whoop and here is the outcome what do
you guys think does it look good the
lady who did a great job I think I think
Ellie is going to go through it with a
fine-tooth comb and see what she thinks
but okay so here's the thing I and I
don't know a few a lot of you guys know
this because it's not something that you
see because when I vlog you see the
front of me but if you look in the back
right here
we're on their radio right there I have
a bald spot and just above that I have a
mole and so sometimes I forget to tell
people that and they like grab it with
her comb and they're like oh oh crap I
just did that and so I always I always
forget to explain them but is my haircut
I hope it's good on to the next errand
whoop okay this is it let's do a final
check through bathroom check bedroom
check living room in kitchen check it a
check you guys look good let's go to my
office let's get a final inspection here
boom but uh bum look at my guitars it's
so clean in here I love it
okay I think we are ready for a guest oh
wait final check probably the most
important how's my hair it gets le stamp
of approval so that means the stylist
did awesome any comments about it it
looks very good look I like how high
they went I like how they did they did
good good Jackson's a little sad yeah
Jackson he's tired but all he wants to
do is ride his bike so when he rides his
bike he's not as enough as much energy
as he won't needs to it's always falling
a little bit he's totally good he's just
you know tripping and stuff so he's a
little sad but he's gonna be happy
I wanna go ride a bike her that's yeah
that's why he's upset though that's all
he wants to do is ride his bike but his
friend Holly and all of the crew are
gonna be here in just a minute in fact I
think they may be here like right this
second oh I think they're pulling up
okay assume my position
Jackson Jackson oh yeah yeah you commit
do you remember me hi how are you is
this realizes it is right how's it going
in guys come on in the Johnson staff hey
little Finley hi sisters come give me
hugs how are you good how's it goin are
you good beautiful place are you do you
want to hug too right there's just fine
that's perfect yeah yeah thank you
are you ready thank you awesome buddy
are you grabbing their luggage is that
what you're doing you guys are so
awesome - Lee he is so big I might miss
you I'm excited does since there anymore
well he's like looking pretty blue eyes
yeah like what where's what is this
place this is a brand new place you
still never even been in this place none
of you guys have oh my gosh this is
crazy this is a oh my gosh I'm just so
excited I can't even get paid all my
merit trick you're blogging over there
but you're on the vlogging here hey hey
hey hey you hey you hey simultaneous
vlog and merge Brian you can't just run
around like this you we have to give you
a proper tour this the tour started in
ten minutes over
here yeah Ellie my mouth is not
following orders walking around running
around getting the party started
I've already seen it all I ran through
it all well maybe you can start dinner
while we give the tour is that good that
is the best seat in the house okay we're
gonna give them a proper tour we'll see
you in a second okay we're gonna have
dinner this is gonna be a great night
great weekend we've got a great weekend
ahead of us
right this is where for you guys like
why this is so normal for us a bathroom
in the laundry room
vo cannot wait to go to the bathroom
here is this toilet like other toilets
are like put some flush is better much
better like a really nice housewarming
president would probably be to like what
has it been every time that you bend our
foot same of you though well we're just
like it's just : exchange a lot of
people think that it's weird to put to
it and laundry but growing up that's a
go ahead and I had all of my friends all
my family members like they all have my
mom ya know like okay who is excited to
go down the slide me me me who is
excited to go in the hobbit hole me only
Jackson K we'll start with the slide
first okay let's go down the slide game
are you ready let's go
so we're all just hanging out here in
the front yard all the kids are just
playing on on the Batmobile the bikes
the hoverboards having a blast
Jackson is riding a bike right yeah
amazing
all he's not quite riding a bike no
Jackson is not pooping in a toilet but
all he's like a pro at that and Jack is
improving in the toilet if Jackson
teachers all he had a ride a bike you
think Ollie will teach Jackson how to
poop in the toilet we did yeah I think
we and it was only was an agreement with
it yeah I think it should definitely
happen angry I'm making happen
look at your boy go I know oh right
nosing you know he just did and it blew
my mind as he stood up like um like he
would he was standing it was crazy hey
bud you're doing awesome oh good job
were you standing up on your pedals I've
never seen you do that before where'd
you see how to do that like that yeah
you stood up like that
high-five I'm proud of you and you doing
good boy okay do it again show me Oh Oh
we'll get there first
so could you stand your insane dude
you're doing awesome I'm proud of you
denna Nana nanana nanana nanana nanana
skateboard oh you crashed okay hold on
to the sides tight ready one two three
and he'll go all the way down and even
into the road but I'll run after you in
case you know you follow up here all the
way good job bud
and then there's Calvin he's trying to
do the same thing hey you're Judy doll
you two are too little
all right you parents perfect Calvin
baby hmm when you are giving your kids
down do you fill up the tub and then put
the kitten or do you let them sit there
while the tub fills up my kids love when
I turn the water on and it's it under
and they just feel the water is it's
coming down but it was really fun like
being outside in the front yard letting
all the kids just play together I love
having all our friends here so far the
boys haven't picked up some dinner and
we're waiting to see the kids through
the bed and then these is it happening
right now is it ready is it ready so I'm
really excited so where is it where is
it
that's right here so last year for
Christmas I got all my friends green
candles and I wanted one so bad I did
not buy myself one and then diamond
candles they sent me an email like a
week or two ago and the like I see
follow us we'd love to send you a candle
and I was like I literally bought people
candles and I did buy one and I wanted
one so I'm so excited it's right there
I've been burning up like for a few days
oh it's still in there pretty good we
might have to wait a bit no I'm always
like no I'm invasion whoa that is a
monster and well there's rat is wrapped
up like look at the carrots on the
hearth oh wow no blow with your hair go
with your air
goodnight Neverland
you guys notice and I'm talking about so
it's like a ten dollar ring or a $500
ring or like a ten thousand dollar and
something like that if it's a $10,000
ring I planted it to replace your
engagement ring here your wedding ring
oh it's beautiful pretty
I'm Missy's eyelashes like yours she
said picture of my rather fun idea I
mean candles are good you ready yeah
it's actually like it I like sapphire or
Ruby
maybe that's cool oh there's two of them
there's like a diamond and two diamonds
and a ruby in there does actually look
really good wow that looks actually
really good to like you fun we've got
dinner for everyone we're having
firehouse pizza it is a favorite in our
family we got some cheese pizza we've
got some barbecue chicken pizza and
we've got a little Hazuki is what they
call like a cookie pizza something like
that for dessert what Kelvin are you in
here what are you doing look at all this
toilet paper let's go have some pizza
young man oh she's there goes oh there's
the last of the roll stash your foot
that's embarrassing young man bring your
toilet paper you're gonna TP the house
doing a good job all right guys how is
dinner is it delicious to the taste
what do you think superheroes Pizza good
chop chop
hug hug
we are hanging out in the hot tub having
a blast brian is trying the current save
against a trail already ok swim dog
paddling
what are you guys seeing in the hot tub
pretty good the lights are cool I like
how they change colors when like this is
perfect like the kids like when we're in
here they'll just like swim as we're
hanging out drinking our dr. pepper
where's my dr. pepper
go
I think I fell asleep on the couch did
you notice that no I did notice Jeff
fell asleep that I fell asleep only come
we just had an awesome time in the hot
tub and now we are going to bed it is
past midnight we never stay up past 9:00
Oh where's my buyer I feel like we're
adults hanging out with the kids we had
such a fun day thank you guys all so
much for coming tomorrow is going to be
a blast we have more friends coming and
then tomorrow night we're gonna have to
do something really really gosh like
super big awesome fun time
tell us where I party okay thank you
guys so much for watching if you guys
haven't go check out what Bryan did for
today go check out what Jeff did for the
day and we'll have a channel links down
below I'll see you tomorrow bye bye
