I think you're so cute I love you buddy
Oh can't you smile all right pen are you
ready I'm ready are you ready yes you
even said good morning yet good morning
guys it's been such a crazy morning we
are at the post office right now because
we're still getting all of our mail
stuff set up
and so our official voting ballot is
right here and that's a vote official
vote by mail ballot how romantic is this
on the back of the car boat we cutest
people alive fill in the Oval so that's
all yes oh crap I didn't ask people fill
it in only smelly says read all the
instructions before you go this is
widened as man okay it's official
well we voted sticker this is the last
sticker that they had and we got it how
does it feel to exercise your right to
vote elegant I'm glad we did it - he
thought he figured out our mail issue as
well oh my gosh that was a nightmare
well a couple of that votes together
gets guests together unfortunately we're
about to part ways for the day to part
ways to get my hair done I'm excited for
you - this is gonna be great you're
gonna be all freshened up and ready to
go for our big event that went that way
I'm just
it'll be fun for you I'm excited I'm
excited to have one-on-one time in the
boys okay you too since having our house
my trips to lows have exponentially
increased and the kids have
exponentially gotten better at doing I
roles because they come into Lowe's with
me huh you like coming with me huh you
want to get a baby guitar I think that
would be so much fun we're here to get
some mailbox stickers for the numbers on
the house I want to get some stickers
all right let's go sticker sticker
sticker sticker stickers that lady at
low she's just like sir you have
exceeded the speed limit of the cards
please refrain from speeding any longer
what did you say you wanted you want to
pick one of these little ukuleles I mean
baby guitars yeah maybe we can sit down
and daddy can help you play one does
that sound good okay don't touch it
daddy will help ya you know he's so soft
okay see your DVC
would you would you like one of those
good this is it this is where my office
changes for ever the guitars are going
up on the wall so well I think you know
what I'm gonna do is I'm one I want to
make this work efficiently because I'm
gonna be grabbing these guitars but with
my desk stuff and they're gonna be
really high so what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna have my most used guitar right
there my second most in the middle and
my third most used over there because I
have to reach over through all of that
so the last guitar will mostly be up
there for visual I think that's gonna be
my guitar that I had in Finland where
all my mission companions and buddies
signed it and everything it looks really
cool it's a black guitar with silver ink
on it I just think it's awesome and then
I'll probably have my electric guitar
right there and then my acoustic guitar
right there I'm still trying to figure
out how I want to do the ukuleles if you
guys haven't noticed on the videos that
are on my channel with Zach where we did
the unboxings it's super echoey in here
so I need to get some dampeners and what
I'm thinking of doing is putting some
dampeners right here right here and
maybe over the bottom and the top I'm
not sure if over that but then on some
walls over there but I've got my
handy-dandy mr. fix-it Felix with me and
we're gonna hang these up I can do this
myself
I can't I've done it before in my old
house you're just here and since you're
here you might as well help Matt I'm
perfectly capable of doing this myself
don't give me that look Matt yeah Matt
now if you know what that show is from
what show that is from let me know in
the comments below let's get to it
that's the spot good job I'm doing great
got it are you ready for this
hi once we do this there's no going back
sure this hole is in here we can't do
anything it's always going to be there
there's no way of fixing this hole ever
does it look good in your professional
opinion yes is this the spot okay grab
the back
your heart beating as fast as mine
do you like that did you like that one I
think it turned out pretty good
can you think yeah I think it looks
sweet this isn't actually my main
electric guitar my maintenance ours up
my parents house because I've been
playing it there because of all the move
and everything and that way I can play
with my dad whenever we hang out so I'll
switch that out here in a second but
good who's awake
should we go get him ready did you miss
me okay come let's go good job
let's change your diaper look at my foil
look look what you did down here divide
that I don't know many here and we have
lots of hair and I don't know Stan you
swish very fine yeah yeah yeah I'm with
my friend Mandy Mandy is your mom in sue
yes I didn't have anything yes she owns
a Mandy sue salon so we are getting this
is the first time I've had like a weave
she donated you're a good like we'd like
her hair is beautiful but we're like
let's get your mom on Jan yeah I know I
told her I said we need to touch it up I
feel a little draft anyway I got agree
yeah Laurie I'll follow you as we go
over I'll show you how cute this is like
all their work this is so cute you put
this all together
oh so fun oh wow like oh okay I've done
hair you guys know that I work just fun
for five years yeah I've never seen this
I know instead of actually dryers you
know it's like I knew where think it's
the dryers like this doesn't like
actually dry out the light
it keeps it all moister inside the hair
cool visitor you feel like your own
space or something like wool thankful
yeah I love it that's so cool
hey I can feel the foil like you know
when you blow your nose in the relief
you get it's like when they take the
foil that's like yeah it feels so good
and then you scratch my head it's
awesome
yes look there's my hair so pretty yeah
you do such a good job this is what it
looks like this blonde and it is all
nice and even like all of the back I
feel good that looks just like fun we
met like yeah a year yep I hear about
during like okay YouTube yeah it was
just a little convention about I first
saw Le Nozze at Le get in here how do I
know I know
we're texting is she's like let me just
get you clip and I need my hands on her
hair just like yeah yeah J so thank you
so much I mean we're trying for her but
it was way worth it yes tinglies she's
such a good plan huh guys do you think
she should always be one for life I
think she should have more fun okay but
and I'm more fun Ellie has more fun than
Elias blah yes it's true and so does
Matty so okay so I got a lot of chores
done around the house we have like a
huge stack of mail that we got from the
post office did some of that stuff got
the guitars hung up got the house
cleaned up a little bit we've got a lot
of chores done haven't we Jackson yeah
Jackson fell asleep while we in the car
Calvin's started crying and we'll come
up and he's a little sad about that but
I've got a surprise buddy checks I've
got a surprise are you ready for this we
oh that's a big yard
okay are you ready for your surprise we
are gonna go to the bounce house and
we're gonna jump around on the
trampolines is that fun I figured we
would be done since we're done with our
chores that we could go do that and have
some fun okay he says something like a
good idea oh that's so fun let's go oh
yeah I got a unbuckle you but let's go
are you excited okay okay let's go I
think you're so cute I love you buddy
Oh can't you smile okay he excited smile
okay that's my boy let's go
hey are you excited - I didn't forget
about you are you excited we're gonna go
jump around where can I go jump around
we're gonna go jump we're gonna go jump
we're gonna jump around oh my goodness
we did this place Jax are you so excited
Calvin are you so excited
oh my goodness look at that slide
Jackson you want to go down that slide
let's put on this light
one hand is climbing up with Calvin - is
that fun do you like that she liked my
count
he's like on to the next one
singing again say ba ba ba ba papa
you're so cute you're getting it are you
ready for bed can you say goodbye to our
friends and bye bye
mmm ah I just got the kids into bed I'm
about to turn on the TV and watch the
election unfold I haven't seen anything
just yet and I was thinking about this
today and I and I wanted to say this
despite who wins the election whether
they're the winner of the loser or
whoever whatever the outcome is I'm
gonna do my part to make my world a
better place I'm going to be the change
that I want to see in the world
basically I'm going to take things into
my own hands as far as I can and I hope
that's a message that we can learn is be
the change that you want to see in the
world it starts with you me those around
you your community your neighborhood
let's do what we can to make others and
ourselves happy too okay I just want to
say that I know it's cheesy and simple
and it's very cliche about quotes and
Gandhi said be the change you want to
see in the world but I think it's true
and I wanted to say that because I feel
like it's true okay
let's go watch this unfold Jared you
have to wake up I'm just pretending to
be asleep right I'm home it's like happy
you're home I missed you and the kids I
missed you and the kids I'm right here
it's good to see you guys it's good to
see you I missed you I want to kiss you
okay thank you guys so much for watching
you don't really see much of me today I
was running a bunch of errands and
driving a ton today and obviously got my
hair done thank you so much again home
you are do you see how many hours
do you think you were driving but we're
four hours straight try anything that's
crazy yeah hey I think we should start
partying tomorrow no tomorrow all right
I think we'll start partying for a
vlogger fair hey let's party tomorrow ah
so you want to know it's funny as I had
no idea but above all of our doors you
can see at the very edge right there
there's a key not cool that's in case I
get locked out of the bath I guess
that's where they go but I had no idea
that they were there
I'm telling yesterday funny yep okay sig
away bye good night Kevin bye we'll see
ya thanks for watching bye
