you look so cute waiting what are you
waiting for for daddy to work what's
daddy doing work in are you gonna go out
and work with them daddy and uncle man
good morning guys
the ask money are getting the garage
together okay this is our final run
together getting a bunch of trash on the
trailer to take to the dump in there oh
your gloves
I haven't the last worm okay well we'll
find you some gloves I'm excited I'm
excited okay you guys may know that
there is not a light right there but
wait there is a light right there we're
gonna install it I hope to get it done
before elegans home because she will
freak out when she sees it it's gonna be
amazing name that will you help me yeah
what do you think I'm excited about this
light if when they came we haven't had a
light the entire time we've been here
right cuz the one we ordered doesn't fit
it's too big
you're my craziest brother you know that
I am your crazy as brother craziest my
craziest coolest brother will you help
me install cuz I have no idea about
electricity my mother though you know
the normal stuff you need stuff for a
phone charger I have one of those you
know I can do that but while you're out
there you might as well just yeah keep
going
are you ready sister girl are you ready
for this do you like it
okay Matt let there be light
did it uh do you like it okay not gonna
long pretty should we keep it mhm
sweet yeah it's definitely yellow we
should get some different light bulbs
that's for sure but I like it too good
thank you
well I think Matt he's gonna do most
work you know what made my day huh
it made my day the lady at Arctic Circle
she made my day
how did she make it he just was like
very very nice song good I'm glad she
cool say neato gang are you gonna play
peek-a-boo with me want me to move this
this is your favorite spot ready okay
peekaboo I got you come here I thought
you think abou he's safe you could be
with our friends happy monday guys I
don't know if I've said hi yet you want
to hold this say hi and happy my head
say happy Monday please so if you wanted
to know what we were up to we are just
playing in the
Caliban he was just laying his head in
it he's been sitting oh I wish it was
chocolate this would be one of my wishes
it's like literally swim like Charlie
and the Chocolate Factory is my wish
baby for my 30th birthday weekend
kids are riding their bikes they've been
playing with this bad boy
now it's took him around the
neighborhood for a while but is this so
fun Jackson I hate this was probably the
kids his favorite thing is to play in
the front yard of friends ride their
bike around the neighborhood and eat
dirt so I'm sitting in my office setting
off a few emails just to wrap up the day
because it's getting dark outside I mean
like look at that I'm thinking to myself
oh my gosh the kids are about to get
ready for bed because the Sun is going
down and then I look up at my clock and
I think holy crap it's 5:00 it is only
five o'clock daylight savings time oh my
goodness it is known it's not dark no
it's okay now it's better it was not
dark for a second daylight savings time
you are throwing me off throwing off my
schedule I do have to say though the Pat
last night I slept so good the kids did
great
none of them woke up until 7 o'clock so
Ellie and I slept from like 11:00 to
7:00 I feel like a new man you guys
there he is we're all sticky I just had
to clean you up I'm sorry about that
something about Calvin grabbing ahold of
you and licking you or something I don't
know we just got back from my parents
house not too long ago and Emily made
some pizza some homemade pizza with some
sort of best homemade pizza pad yeah it
was delicious I made homemade pizza and
that was
I remember in Finland I'm such an idiot
we landon my mission companion and
brother-in-law we made homemade pizza
and I was starving like I was so hungry
and we were cooking it and everything
and I was like let's double the recipe
so it'll be so we'll have like tons of
pizza so we put like twice as much flour
in but we didn't have like a bigger
container for it so like we had this
much dough when we needed this much
dough and it was the worst pizza I have
ever had in my entire life Landon let me
know if you remember that it was indoor
cool it was so bad it was the worst
anyway irrelevant to the situation at
hand pizza was delicious
at home Thank You Emily for that Ellie
and I are going to we're gonna we're
gonna take you forever and I'm like I'm
gonna make it work you're gonna do it
right now so you know what hit the music
it's about to go down
I don't think I've really touched the
guitar since we've moved it felt really
good to play it tonight
and I was just thinking and I even
tweeted about it I said it's funny how
the sad songs make you feel better you
know just kind of playing those notes
and singing those songs and everything
just make you feel better and I'm it
sounds funny but I'm glad that we have
sad songs to make us feel better you
know like yeah I love the blues I love
the blues and there when you go through
a hard time sometimes you have different
coping mechanisms and everything and
mine is definitely playing guitar and
singing and I enjoy it I like John
Denver and James Taylor and Eric Clapton
and and Joe Bonamassa and I like playing
their music and the Beatles especially I
love the Beatles we all go through hard
times but I wanted to know what you guys
do to make you feel better yourself when
you're going through a hard time because
we all do you know me I'm interested to
hear what you guys do for yourselves I
play guitar Ellie eats cookies I'm
kidding they look good your nails look
great thanks well are you smiling that
oh is that so I don't know if that's
true you better check your sources on
that one you don't want sources you want
sorts well that was embarrassing Ellie
we fell asleep last night we didn't even
end the vlog yes buddy Oh like tomorrow
night Kurt oh oh your ninja turtle yeah
oh I think we can make that happen so we
didn't end the vlog last night but there
was one thing that I wanted to talk
about real quick before we end the vlog
a lot of you guys yesterday in the
comments and I appreciate this so much
mentioned that we hit 1000 1000 videos
on YouTube and that is a huge milestone
and people were like did they miss it do
they not realize do they not care no
that's not the truth of it at all we
actually do care a ton but it's a little
different to me we hit a thousand videos
but not 1000 vlogs and right now there's
so many like huge milestones coming up
and we have some like fun stuff amazing
life-changing things planned that I'm
hoping that will work out and play
through and I will keep you posted on
that but there is going to be something
big happening and I'm very excited so
keep tuned for that it's gonna be
amazing
I hope I'm crossing my fingers right now
and that's why you can't talk about it
because I shouldn't even say any of this
because a lot of people like well what
do you even say if you can't talk about
it but I'm just excited about it anyway
stay tuned for that when we had a
thousand vlogs then I think we'll do
like a big celebration and then we'll
hit a million of you guys being a part
of our family and that'll be even be a
bigger celebration like this is so crazy
that all of these things are happening
at once
and I hit a thousand posts on Instagram
I don't know if that sounds big of a
feat but I did that anyway so it's kind
of cool that we have a thousand videos a
thousand Instagram posts for my channel
or for myself anyway anyway Jackson are
you being Hulk smashing me right now
you're crazy can we say goodbye to our
friends say bye friends oh dude food in
your mouth
give me the kitchen silly fans thank you
guys so much for watching and we'll see
you guys tomorrow bye well today it's
right now it's today but we'll see
tomorrow thanks bye
