hi guys how are you whoa you guys
friends sometimes your friends sometimes
you're not
oh my goodness we're having to bear
fight a cub fight you better run fast
link you're crazy
a lot of times I have to keep Calvin
away from Lincoln because Calvin
sometimes hits him and that's not very
nice all right now they're playing
really good together good morning guys
are actually good afternoon thank you to
Bonnie and Joel you guys are making us
dinner I love that Barney polish like
Jeb did our plans I said no I'm just
making my food plans for the week so I'm
starving knowing about what I'm going to
be cooking but but you guys came over in
your cooking I think Matt and Emily are
coming over too so we're gonna have one
big family feast you're not you're not
kidding you're not making me feel like I
don't know how to do it no I swear to it
I found this out the hard way and I did
too and I last week I was like what is
my water not fun topic this is simmer so
this burning this little pan back here
it will only simmer huh good query I
know I had the items didn't even look at
that like I just thought why is my water
not boiling and I turned it off and
ended up not cooking the rest of my
dinner last week good great
we're learning I'm also learning that I
need to use my oven 10 degrees you are
right Joel shine explain to me one day
about the convection it's true faster
yeah everything I've cooked in like oh
no it means 10 minutes left 10 minutes
not as hot
happy Sunday everyone if you look right
behind me well actually it's in front of
me behind you guys we've got a party in
the house
it's funny so Matt and Emily called me
and they're like hey we should do dinner
together that would be awesome let's all
have come over to our place and have
dinner Bonnie and Joe called Ellie was
like hey we should do dinner together
let's have everyone come over well we're
like I said so we've got all of our
family members here except mom and dad
mom is with Grandma and dad is in
California
ouch are you pinching me your crazy
young man and we're having a sibling
dinner today and Ellie and I didn't do a
thing to make it so this is my kind of
meal everyone's having a great time and
all the kids are eating their dinner but
we're working on that adult things right
dinner was so good Bonnie made like this
little ravioli dish we had some french
bread and asparagus it was so good and
now we're kind of just hanging out all
downstairs the kids are playing and
something that we're doing it's really
funny our neighbor they were so nice
they brought over some pumpkin pie is
like a welcoming gift we're downstairs
with the kids and they are singing well
we're kind of making them seeing we're
saying hey if you want some pie you have
to do something and we're kind of making
them perform and like sing songs and do
dances I have some more things to bribe
the kids with but where we have some
pumpkin pie so Jackson if you sing a
song well what we've been doing is
Bonnie and all the kids come up and they
each perform something to entertain us
so Carter danced Jackson in Boston sing
and we want them to do it again yes so
I've candy to make sure this happens
Jackson do you want this piece of candy
yeah I want a cake Alvin I'll give you
one too but Jackson I want you to sing
us a song all the way through okay st.
stand up and sing nursery yeah
her RDP RDP Wow good job
can you sing twinkle twinkle know how I
wonder what you are
now try go ah good job
okay Boston do you want that big piece
of pie can you send the Hulk song one
more time okay go ahead
oh did no army air crash Captain America
has shield
yeah open his shield yeah busted
woo okay Carter go do your victory yeah
do a dance we're gonna find out you get
to play the iPad there you go oh yeah oh
yeah
okay Calvin you you want to do again
okay do you want to do a dance or do you
want to sing a song okay do a hog dance
oh thanks oh take America I was gonna
say if there's some copyright issues
here do it dia do breakdance breakdance
yeah running man running now do it now
do a somersault yeah
Calvin can you perform anything for us
this is called the whimper you do so
good at it so matt has been interested
in the Karma like the karma grip the
stabilizer so we're playing with it
right now what do you think this is so
cool
how are you oh wait whoa I'm testing to
its limit so we're testing now and we're
gonna fly the drone here in a second and
maybe I'll put in some of the footage
from the drone maybe if it looks good
enough I'm probably gonna crash the
drone just ah just so you know that's
probably okay do you hear that Ellie he
admitted fault if it ever happened oh
I'm not on purpose this is why I was
gonna happen sorry I wasn't listening
oh my gosh did Emily film it yeah yeah
you have to see it on Matt and Emily's
channel just Calvin was just hugging and
cousin even those
so I've learned something in flying the
drone one when that flies propellers fly
off but I didn't crush it that's true
how you landed with three propellers I
have no idea
secondly I flew it with easy mode on
when we were doing all the races the
camera comparison all of that stuff had
easy mode on so it was going a lot
slower than it could before I think I
got it up to 30 miles per hour without
easy mode on so I didn't know that this
because we did was Zack from Jerry
rigged everything maybe a little bit
different now the easy mode is off but
overall what did you think it was cool I
need to get on one way Jones Ellie why
don't you come over to the couch here
with me for a minute because you know
that we need to talk about something and
we need to say it kind of we need to say
it together
okay we are going to the longer bird
again I already know I think we've set
up but to officially say you'll be there
the eleventh and twelfth Jared and I
mm-hmm
twelve and thirteen when I say oh I love
Isabelle off we will be there the 12th
and the 13th and there is the official
vlogger days on the 13th we would love
to meet you guys
we will have information in the
description box down below you guys are
in or around that area really specialize
it's our anniversary
on the 13th several years of marriage so
we will be extra holding hands and
cuddling that day as we say hi to you
all so if you see us kissing take a
picture and post and tag us and so we
could she just walk around kissed
nothing don't you already do that we
would love to see you guys there so if
you live in or around Seattle area let
us know come see us come say hello
because we'd love to give you some high
fives are gonna be there we're excited
to eat some CL food
Oh people love a seafood and this is our
third year going to vlogger fair yeah
pretty excited it's always fun it is
okay we'll see you there
it seems like our party has dwindled
down Jackson did you have a good day
yeah
you had a good day Calvin was so ready
for bed he like drugged his blanket he's
like I'm done I'm out he was so tired we
just laid him down I do want to show you
though they put a picture in her picture
frame over here that was sweep you were
made us and I think it's really cute
because the colors go really well but
also it's just such a sweet picture I
just absolutely love that that was one
of a moment in our life that like I'll
never forget like bringing Calvin home
and introducing Jackson a Calvin in the
hospital do you remember meeting Calvin
taking his binky out punch and space
yeah you're nice to him we moved in and
we got settled we've been getting a lot
more stuff done that's because we're
getting ready for a little party and
some guests are coming so and we also
want to like really be done everything
organized you know how I am anyway so
Jared's been working in his office in
his cupboards getting all this stuff
organized because originally just stuff
was like in there so I like this like we
have our printer and then we have a
shelf that has some paper and then we'll
have pens and pencils there and then
downstairs so down here we have a new
bed that you'll see we got from
overstock but we have a bed down here
that will get this situated soon some
time but at least there's the bed here
that you can sleep on so we have the bed
done and then you guys know in here that
I was I've been getting this set up as
well as a guest bedroom and my chair
will come soon for that
we've been kind of just like getting
bedroom set up and then especially in
here - this was like full of stuff and
it kind of still is but we're slowly
getting things organized I have like our
camera equipment in here we need to get
some more of all of our equipment
organized and put away and then our cold
storage room I just put that in there
for now we're getting there we're
getting organized and put together I
just want to show you guys
that's not nice
I am lucious for in front of you guys
anyway so we're getting organized
getting ready for bed Jer and I didn't
finish our movie last night we want to
finish it tonight so if we can get
things picked up and clean reveal this
is we'll get back on that couch we
cuddle so nice for guests to come a
little get-together
I regard is fun the thing is when we say
guess people are probably suspecting a
certain you guess oh forget it
oh my goodness you're such a daredevil
but that's what we're doing right now
that's what we've been getting ready for
the weekend and that's what we're gonna
be doing this week we've got some fun
stuff so thank you guys for watching
eating my hair done me nuts
it's about time I mean that's great I've
never gotten ready in a long time it's
really bad but I'm excited thank you
guys so much for watching our casual
Sunday and we will see you guys tomorrow
okay bye say can I say good night or
friends is by still asleep is buzz oh
he's gone he put buzz right there okay
there's no see sleep okay so we'll just
leave them on okay good night
