you want to throw it to mommy CACO throw
to mommy Calvin's turn throw it to mommy
yeah high five good job
good morning guys and happy Saturday
oh it's Captain America are you gonna
save the world today buddy
good high five or even the world I today
I'm going to save my bum is what I'm
gonna do if you guys are subscribed to
my channel you will know that I was
challenged to a race and I am going to
go do that race right now and keep my
dignity for having a drone race so well
I'll give you more details about that
later but you'll see okay Ellie I've got
to go and save my dignity are you
rooting for me doesn't sound like you're
rooting for me Ellie I mean all the
confidence I can get now are you rooting
for me or for Zach all right it's prime
time this is where it all happens Joel
you've got your drum I've got the car
madrone zach has the Mavic and we are
racing these three drones okay this is
where it all goes down this is all the
marbles 12 PACA soda is on the line
good morning guys and happy Saturday you
know what Saturday is it is a day to
have fun but also to clean boom boom
boom
you're probably wondering when the heck
is allow you to get better she is been
sick for so long and everyone else is
better because I have a sinus infection
but now that we know that I can and get
the right stuff for me and I can feel
better but I have a sinus infection I
can feel it and feeling better though
aside from that but I need to go
throughout the house and I need to wipe
and sanitize everything out but before I
do that I have to show you when the kids
watch Peppa Pig in my room they lay like
this oh yeah you want to hold this well
if you're gonna hold it I'm gonna make
you clean well I don't know about that
anyway they like on their tummies and
they watch the show and I think it's
kind of cute okay since you're the one
argue and you're gonna help me clean you
get toilets alright it's time to buckle
down and get serious we have a chart
this is a chart we need to get serious
about poop Jackson and you know how
serious I am about poop I was just
talking to Jackson about using the
toilet and everything going poo and I
said Jackson if you fill up this chart
well this is mommy's idea if you fill up
this chart Jackson with going to potty
number one and number two we will get
you a superhero costume
we'll go get another one and you know
what he said the first thing he said
what did you say what did you say what
he said it was so sweet he said I want
Calvin to have a superhero costume like
that is so sweet his first thought of
his is of his brother when he gets
something like you're nothing - yeah
Calvin have Calvin get baby costume
right okay okay believe us yeah you have
to take our word for it when we say
that's what happened he's just jumping
around on the couch cuz he's excited
okay mommy are you in the bathroom
catch oh you gotta toss it back and get
it again I just kicked you are you okay
you want to throw it to mommy kick I'll
throw it to mommy okay Calvin's turn
Calvin's turn throw it to mommy yeah
that's teamwork right there
high-five good job high-five
I'm so mad I didn't bring the vlog
camera but we are at a Grand Opening
rouille I'm sure you guys have heard of
them it's where I got my dress for
family pictures anyway I I know her and
her brother really well and we're here
really they just opened up a new shop in
town they have some like house to course
stuff and it's just fun to like walk
around they have baby stuff in the
corner I'm excited to go look at it's
just really cute it's always fun to go
to like a grand opening oh yeah it's a
go oh yeah well I can't really say hello
but this is so fun they have like a hot
chocolate being outside and guys
okay I am crossing my fingers that I do
this right I've never done this before
knowing me chances are I won't get done
right the first time okay
oh great my phone's ringing highlight
what's up I mean I'm just about lined up
okay love you okay as I was saying I've
never done this before
and I will probably mess it up the first
time nothing wrong yeah that it that was
too easy
there's there's got to be something I'm
doing up once I figure it out
Jared just making our house feels so
cozy yes Peppa Pig is on again it's been
on a lot at our house lately especially
all of us not feeling well but the
blinds are getting up they look so great
the cow chariot they look great and look
it snows the cutest little list ones you
ever did see that little window that's
pretty good huh they look great would
you not screwed it all the way
well this one's may give me a trouble
yeah it's I have to get like some sort
of spacer here this could be then Oh cuz
you measured because you have to measure
on the thinnest part of the lawn yeah I
forgot the blinds fell down Jackson oh
no all right here is the final we still
are working on the bathroom little
window gotta figure that out but - Jared
and I or Jared hung those ones down
there that I already showed you and then
Calvin we have this bedroom the blinds
are in and then we have this bedroom
with the two blinds and we have the bed
that we need to set up tonight but
everything is looking really good
yeah not long that was I'm good that's a
good that out okay let's run we've got
some more errands to run we gotta run
expand these bedrooms really excited
watch a movie tonight
down here yeah that'll be we have not
you better believe we're hooking up the
sound system we're dim in the blanks and
we've gone to bed we've watched stuff in
our bed yeah but we haven't like laid on
the couch and like me and you just sat
down and I'm excited I'm gonna take this
I know I need to Center that I'm sorry I
need to I will later I didn't judge you
for it and I know nice I saw it
yesterday I was like that's as good as
it's getting for now okay that's right
one of the things that I had a hard time
about in Finland and in winter in
general is that it gets dark so early
and I'm like no the day is gone but it's
only five o'clock no I think it's just
like summer and spring and fall too much
winter is great lots of awesome things
happen in the winter time but the Sun
going down too early is not one of them
yes daylight savings time is tomorrow
well I get two in the morning so we get
to fall back theoretically more sleep
but because we have kids not so much
they will probably wake up at the normal
to this I have a big bucket of cheese
balls yes our two and a half year old
put him in there yeah shopping cart I
didn't say no and that's where the
problem is we certainly didn't say no to
Jackson putting this in there maybe
because we wanted it just as when Boston
got this for his birthday I think we all
have a good time it's like you never
think about these cheese balls
I know ever ever ever ever and then you
see it you're like that's kind of nasty
and then you eat when you're like yeah
I'll have a hundred more of those
really nasty okay the stage is set
you are comfy we've got popcorn I've got
a delicious beverage and we've got a
movie streaming in 4k Peppa Pig kick
house and I don't know it's just kind of
like growing up part of us
speaking of Jackson real quick I want to
tell those stories and we are at the
store today and when I was growing up in
my house I would always hear stories of
my sister Melanie and her kids they
would say the darndest things and it
would just be the most hilarious thing
ever I would always hear these stories I
would be like I can't wait until that
happens to me when I have kids well I
think this is a good one
Jackson was at the store today and we
were don't walking down the Christmas
aisle looking at Christmas lights and
these two cute little old lady said are
you being a good boy for Santa Claus
what do you want Santa Claus to bring
you and you know what he said what do
you say Ellie mmm
a sandwich a sandwich okay you didn't
want one yesterday but you can have one
for Christmas so I thought that was
funny
I like when baby Chad wanted chicken and
rice yeah you got it - yes cute I think
we'll give him a sandwich for Christmas
anyway thank you guys so much for
watching we hope you have a wonderful
weekend and we will see you guys
tomorrow bye-bye
