this is our secret and we're eating at
the kitchen table huh what no moms here
hurry hurry what do I eat it hurry hurry
love them move em all out
oh yeah no cookie without me
Johnson you didn't finish it
good morning guys nothing like starting
our day off with a tractor in the front
yard look at that they are doing their
last load today all the rocket
excavating will be done and we will just
be waiting
oh he's waving we'll be waiting on
pavers and grass holy cow
it's amazing that they said that we
might be able to get grass in before the
wintertime like whoa crazy we'll see if
weather holds that we can I woke up
feeling the best I had felt the last few
days so I'm really grateful for that the
boys did not do very well last night
Jackson was up a lot last night and he
started what did you do last night
spider-man well he pooped in there and
then he also last night at 3 in the
morning he was in bed with us and you
started singing to mom
you sing every song and he counted to 10
at 3:00 in the morning and I laid there
with a huge smile on my face and I just
thought my life is crazy everyone is
awake right now and it just it was kind
of a sweet moment actually in the little
the night a lot of us are feeling a lot
better so we've got lots of errands to
run
lots of things to get ready for vlogger
bears coming up it's our anniversary
month we have pillows for downstairs on
the couch finally and we need to address
this space so lots of fun things today
we got a hankerin so lots of chores to
do list diapers to change I've been
loving that we've been in the house and
I've been learning a little bit more of
how to decorate and then I have a space
to decorate I've been here with Bonnie
thanks for coming I was like that's why
I brought you I'm not very good
you're better is because it's fun to
just asked so I'm like would you do this
would you not thanks to Twitter I do
that a lot you guys but I'm really
excited to show you I think this is
really pretty this is for downstairs I
found a mirror for the mantel we are
debating between this and another like a
picture but I'm glad we just I decided
on a mirror and then Bonnie found the
tall greenery and then and
it was one that made me figure out you
could use like books and stuff to stack
stuff on and lift so I think the orange
is cute I have like a fox pillow
downstairs so I think like that's just
really cute for fall so love it and
winter it's great for downstairs so he
is beautiful
yay Boston did good too I just turned
the camera off finds that you don't tell
me what you did
I've never really good if we don't
contradict each other ever that's the
first time I've ever I bought his face
was like I'm really sorry
anyone has ever done this to me no I
told Boston no I'm sorry no I was like
if you're good Boston will get you a
treat and then we he went and picked
something out and I'm like we're not
gonna buy that honey and like just just
play with it for now
and after like five minutes of him
whining I'm sorry I said Boston you can
get the tree and Bonnie looked at me was
like hell no I said no okay Boston
Boston and Ellie said you could have a
treat you can you're my head I'm sorry
I'm sorry and I know I should not have
done that if I told Annie get out and he
was really I'm sorry that's good just
like Paris should be on the same page
when you're out with someone else's I'm
kid you need to let the mom I'm sorry
but I met Ellie and I said he could have
us Oh cute you'll still have me decorate
right you're making a lot of progress in
the backyard that is the fire pit
they're getting ready to be done with
that that's been fun all the workers
they're outside we've got our landscaper
and our excavators and they're putting
rocks up on the hobbit hole and they are
making little gestures to tell the other
excavator without where and how to
position the rocks on there it's kind of
fun to see them all work together is
that cool to watch is it he's mad cuz
I'm making him eat a sandwich
there are cute little fingerprints all
over the windows in this drawer right
here which i think are just cute
I did see others lil Calvin and jugs and
finger prints on there but anyway
they're getting the yard figured out
I think what they're going to do is
they're going to put the rocks on there
so they can have dirt and everything and
then put grass over top is what I'm
hoping I really over the rock
yeah not over the rock but like behind
it mix it in you know what I mean
yeah I think they're planning on grass
and some of it in the back part let's
jump into the mindset of a two-year-old
for just a quick second when this
costume gets on he dons an entirely
different personality entirely different
persona a different persona he is
Captain America and he will only answer
to such he would not eat his sandwich he
wouldn't take a bite of his sandwich
whatsoever until we called him Captain
America I just tell him when he was
wearing his superhero costumes that it's
like oh you're a brave guy in and you
you listen to your mommy superheros
listen to their mommies superheroes eat
their lunches they're strong yep K
Captain America do want to take another
bite what good Captain America not
normal Jackson are you gonna catch the
orange hmm
here you go roll it back bunk before we
show daddy we got to get all of
everything picked up cuz it's kind of a
mess Jackson what was your job ah no
your job was getting all the bad guys
and you've been doing a really good job
at getting all the bad guy oh you
knocked him out come on help me pick him
up y'all pick up so Daddy can see what
we've done with the place
okay it's as good as it's gonna get yeah
it does advocate surprise but come on oh
come on little cuz I want him to like I
want you to feel I could decorate
something hey hey okay
Oh what is ready to Cal go oh that looks
great
looks good
do you like it yeah I do look a little
fox
I know and that just perfect with the
Fox pills okay so we kind of have this
space finally done I'm not going to put
any decorations on TV because the kids
just like grabbed it anyway but so you
come in got our couch yes got our couch
I got the pillows from Target
I think these will be fun for fall and
winter and then we have up here I got
these from Hobby Lobby
I thought the Fox would be cute with the
pillow
I think it's grand my friend Anna made
these two for me oh I got those from her
website her head to shop there's some
liquid in here these are fake and what
no no I like it I think it's cute yeah I
think it's great I think this space is
really fun and cozy kids love their play
area this is his favorite game we pulled
through the drive-thru we say can I get
some spaghetti and get bring you I would
like some spaghetti uh-huh what's hold
up what's the hold up up there
um I first wait in line order he seems
like he's having a bad day I would like
some spaghetti please oh she doesn't
have it you gotta order something else
how you damaged yeah don't go get me a
sandwich Thanks so then all we need to
do is we have a picture of Jesus coming
that we're gonna put here and then two
pictures of our family there and then I
want to put these pictures up and put
the pictures of the boys in there so
it's coming together it's cozy
which is this is a pizza store hands
forget that much spaghetti the pizza
store most pizza places have any pasta
which is not spaghetti yes look here's a
delicious piece of pizza that I just ate
me you just wanted me to cuddle you huh
he ran up to me and was just like hold
me hold me with me and then he put his a
head on me that's the sweetest thing
that's major dad points right there you
got
points right there guys are you ready
for round two because we've got round
two right here what's up Zack how's it
go it's going great
good so that came over again today
yesterday we filmed a video on my
personal channel unboxing the DJI Mavic
pro and today we're unboxing ooh
GoPro Karma and Zack is doing the flight
simulator starting the motors tap to
auto takeoff
I'll check it out oh my gosh you are
flying the drone are you in California
is the weather nice over there it's
fantastic
oh man it's cold here in Utah must be
nice to be in California right now you
get a nice little fan to hear let's get
some we gotta get some sunscreen on you
but we'll have a video up on my channel
live right now to to check out the GoPro
Karma so I'll have a link to it down
below if you guys wanna check that I did
that can't follow us all the way from my
mom's house
do you see Katie mom yes they got in
that in Emily's van hahahaha yeah look
there it is it's up on the hill do you
see it do you see it Jackson no tell me
yeah I was dropping Jackson off to go
see a movie with mom and dad
and you can't just ran up in the Madison
Matt Matt's van and Emily and the baby
were in the car yeah we're all laughing
like chasing it up everything is funny
oh did you see it yeah here Jack's a few
more bites hey Jackson if you take a
couple more bites of your dinner I'll
let you come with me and Zach and we'll
go fly the airplanes and then fine I
don't
okay okay Jackson you had all your
dinner mommy and Calvin went to the
church to have a meeting and we found
this cookie that you happen could take a
hook a bite out of four I could film
this so mommy's not here yet and so she
doesn't have to know about this this
could be our secret
do you wanna have a cigarette daddy yep
okay let's share this there you go and
here I go
what what that's the whole point of
sharing is that we both get something
yeah yeah okay well then I get this one
yeah I think it okay you get that one
kay ready
Cheers jeez okay take a bite hmm that's
a bull cookie no don't eat that mommy's
bed that sillies our secret and we're
eating at the kitchen table huh what no
mom's here hurry hurry what did I eat it
hurry hurry love them zoom out are you
no cookie without me Johnson you didn't
finish it
well at least do it right and get the
milk out our secret is no longer a
secret how are you we're good we have
400 people that we are trying to
accommodate in a very small 400 people
for in a church building for a ward
Christmas and back to normal I thought
we were only supposed to be ready for
300 300 people it's a little more than
three swords planning on four oh my
goodness
and we just were figuring out tables and
chairs and
little guy well that's fun Jackson is
not good cookie and no longer a secret
anymore who has two thumbs and keeps
falling asleep at his computer this guy
well my other thumb is right here on the
camera but you get the idea everyone is
asleep and I am working at the computer
I just finished a video on my channel
and is going up right now I hope you
guys have a great weekend we are so
excited to have a weekend to party and
have fun I don't know if there's going
to be partying but there's definitely
gonna be sleeping because I'm tired
thank you guys for watching and we'll
see you guys tomorrow bye
