hi
hey Jared you forgot one type of you
drove down an hour for Calvin's
appointment and it was on the wrong day
that happened but I'm glad that happened
because it gave me an opportunity to
come down and pants with my mom
I have step right pedicure and I I don't
even want to look at myself I do I enjoy
looking at yourself oh this is by far
the worst cold I've ever had like my
nose is raw
it's raw I need light baby but skin
should be right here because it's so bra
and then I could touch and be like Oh
your nose as smooth as a baby's butt oh
oh don't put the ball in the water silly
oh I knew it you'd do that but I think
it's video thing grandma did put her
toes in there yet but I think it's cute
as Jackson's just sitting here watching
us you know rather than going to play
but I just feel two buckets full of
really hot water and we're gonna give
him a little Pike here as I was rubbing
grandma's foot Jackson open this up and
grabbed it and started rubbing the other
foot is that not the sweetest thing we
just sat here and just that was so sweet
I think he could be playing with toys
but he's just right by our feet and then
he decided to help that's pretty sweet
rinse your toes rinse your hands off in
here put your hands in the water rinse
them off hair will dry him off alright
my very first opinion on the SC nail
polish's supposedly last 14 days without
having to cure it under a lamp it did
really well isn't mom still nose really
pretty it did really well I love the
application it has like a round tip so
it was really easy to apply and either
way it was really fun doing your toes
yes Jackson thanks for helping yes I
can't wait to go home and do mine I'm
gonna do a scrub and a soap and a mask
on my toes maybe you can do yours too my
comb mom has been reading the love
language book the book of love the five
love languages isn't there 7 that one
has 5 maybe we don't have the extended
side but mom was like you should take
the love language test so we're gonna
find out what our love language is what
kind of questions are they what's the
first one
I receive a loving note or text or email
for no special reason from my loved one
or would you rather hear my hug so would
you rather receive a loving note or when
do you rather receive a hug that's one
of the question I mean I know what I
would do okay okay let me grab a writing
utensil and then II for the hug right
don't look Ellie you can't look at my
answers right yeah I already known
jeepers
while we were taking this test it was
funny because we buffer laughing because
I knew it he would answer and he knew
what I would have liked exactly I could
have taken this test for you and passed
with flying colors if you can pass so a
is words of affirmation B is quality
time C is receiving gifts these acts of
service and ia's physical touch so my
highest was you want me to go first yeah
go ahead
my highest was D which is acts of
service which is totally what I say is
like we please help me out
no you don't do this for me so that
totally makes sense taught me to go and
order sure yes oh my then my next one
will be quality time so acts of service
than quality time okay then words of
affirmation then gifts and then the last
is physical touch not let's see I
thought I thought gift-giving would have
been a lot higher because I like to give
you gifts yeah so I thought that would
have been okay I guess no it was hard
because the answers a lot of the work
guess that's like why don't always one
yeah exactly because there's
alternatives that you would want more
than a gas or something okay my highest
was actually a tie so I had quality time
and physical touch those are my good
guys always like like I do hard time
yeah like if we're going through
something I want you like sit and talk
about it and solve it first and Jared
wants to hug it out first note well I
want to solve it and then I want to
done and then I want to hug and tell you
I love you and I'm sorry and all of that
kind of stuff like I want to hug it out
you know so like I mean we can talk and
have a conversation and get that over
with and then I would I just want a hug
you bring it out and I like to guess -
but then me I just you if we're arguing
you don't want to be touched
well that's like the heart even if we
figure it out it's like okay give me a
minute to like just give me a minute
you need your breathing space which I
totally get but it's hard because I want
to hug ya quality time and then physical
touch the next highest was give get a
receiving gifts okay then acts of
service and then words of affirmation so
I don't care what you say as long as you
touch it but if you look it's
interesting my highest are your Louis oh
it's just about so it's that this is
what's interesting about marriages you
really have to know what the other
person needs and what I think you need
and what you need sometimes are
different yeah
and that's why communication is very
important yeah I think they do okay so
maybe I guess I should say some more
words of affirmation maybe I should give
you hugs and yes this may be hard for
you guys to hear at least some of you
guys I just don't want you to be jealous
okay that's the really what it comes
down to is I want you to be okay with us
I want this because this is gonna be a
normal thing okay I'm about to go
grocery shopping and not just grocery
shopping this is the jealousy part I
gotta go grocery shopping oh wait
oh your secret identity we can't reveal
it put your mask on I know I know right
you guys are so jealous I get to go
grocery shopping with Captain America
and a sweet sweet sidekick
we're going grocery shopping
why me still not feeling all that great
so we're gonna get some stuff for her
and get some stuff for dinner sound good
okay yeah let's do it the kids did
awesome at the grocery store the grocery
store that we have to leave like right
next to us they have refresh route for
the kids to go when they're shopping so
they are sitting in the cart and they
were doing really good and now grandma
and uncle Matt are taking the boys to go
see a movie what movie are games gonna
go see rolls rolls of Jackson's already
excited oh there's a can of it when you
go to the movie I want you to be a good
listener to Uncle Matt and the grandma I
want you to be a good listener for Uncle
Manny and for Grandma and if you're a
good listener and if you you keep
scaring us silly pants and if you're a
good listener maybe grandma will get you
some would that be fun
you want a little popcorn nope thank you
want a big popcorn yeah you gotta be a
good boy okay I love you give me kiss I
think I only got hit pretty hard with
this sickness it just doesn't seem to be
going away she just took a shower and
she's just Zonk tout on the bed now
Jackson is about the movie Calvin is
just watching a show downstairs he is
totally good and I haven't got an hour
before I leave with Joel and Ellie's dad
so we learned today that Ellie's love
language is acts of service now this
isn't really an act of service but I
know she'll appreciate it I am going to
tidy up and clean the entire kitchen
dining room and mudroom and everything
because it's just it's just cluttered
right now and when she wakes up I know
she'll appreciate it so I'm gonna do
that now while I hasn't
okay raise your hand if you thought that
was adorable because I sure thought so
this little kid was like helping me out
are you my little helper oh hey I love
you oh yeah do you love me
whoo do you want a hug yeah were you my
little helper oh you like to cuddle me
huh mMmmm can we kiss oh hey you leave
you looking mean gimme kiss me Oh give
me kiss
this is your meeting you're the one who
wanted to call this meeting Calvin and I
would like to welcome to our first ever
business meeting from my office well why
are you looking away like that you can't
go back to where we have to risk the
community you know about our concerns
one thing that we want to go over I want
to let you guys know that my buddy Zach
from jerry-rigged everything and I
actually filmed the video today in my
office the very first video that I
filmed in here for my channel we have a
cool little combo that we're going to be
doing with the new drones that came out
the dej I am a pro and a GoPro caramel
the GoPro Hero Connor we're doing a
combination basically going over the
camera the drone itself the specs the
boxing all of that stuff in the first
video that we're doing is actually on my
channel right now if you go all the
links with them below and on the screen
in a video check it out I think you'll
like it it's a really interesting and if
you're in the market for okay nice
anyway I think you'll like okay is that
the business meeting is not only to talk
about it so anytime you want to say
anything huh yeah can't say hi keep
saying goodnight say buh-bye
you seem like you got something to say I
just don't know what you're trying to
say what you're trying to get across
what I could I'm not sure where we ended
off last but all I know is I ask Jared
to take the kids and run to the store to
get just a few items that we needed
infant medicine and I took a long shower
and then I laid down and then I woke up
and I woke up it was seven o'clock Jared
thank you so much for letting me sleep
my hair was all wet and they woke up
really frantic they didn't know what
time it was and I had seen a Texan
Jarrett said Jackson went to movie with
grandma I was like what about Calvin I
heard Calvin crying anyway Jared was
here he's putting Calvin down little
frantic but I feel a little more rested
and I really appreciate a lot the few
hours I caught sleeping but Jackson just
got home from a movie what did you go
see
and drinkin and me and then going back
and then what movie did you see uh you
saw trolls yeah did you popcorn yeah
did you def drink yeah what did you
drink
uh dad good Patrick I don't know maybe
you had water I don't know what you have
to drink but we're gonna read I'm a big
brother
I'm a big brother to Calvin and we're
gonna stay goodnight to our friends
thank you guys so much for watching
thanks for putting up with this hot mess
for the last few days and we'll see you
guys tomorrow bye
