really locale okay hold on tight oh my
god you're crazy
good morning guys it's just me and
Calvin hey Calvin
don't worry I'm still talking about jet
sorry it's just me and Calvin this
morning and we are on our way down to
Ogden think it's disco therapy done you
ready buddy cutest thing ever
let's go
Kelvin had a little rough time sleeping
last night so he woke up right when we
left and we drove down oh that is the
sweetest oh I'm sorry I'm just gonna
take that in for a moment I was just
gonna take that in but he's doing better
now he fell asleep in the little in the
car for a little bit and we're gonna get
going mm not that one push with me there
you go good job well this is as good as
we are going to get ready today our nose
is are all ready but at least we tried
we tried to get ready we're ready to go
out the door Jackson let's see you twirl
look at me kiddo you're ready for the
day I even pulled this out of Calvin's
closet to contain the snot we need a run
a bunch of errands I need to get a bunch
of vitamin C from the store so ready to
be my pal my shopping buddy are you a
good listener when we go shopping you
are you're a good boy well that's
embarrassing
turns out our appointment is tomorrow
not today so we drove an hour away we
don't have our appointments um got to
think of a couple things we can do I've
got some in mind someone go see grandma
she'll go see grandma see how she's
feeling let's do that okay Calvin I want
you to hold on to these then we can give
them the grandma okay can you do that
for me let's go give it a dream up are
you being shy and you don't want to see
grandma for a minute yeah you go sit in
that chair and have your banana yeah
that's where all the grandkids do yeah
he's like uh no thanks no it thinks well
we're just checking in on Grandma to see
how she's doing
see how she's feeling you doing okay
okay rear-ended the other day I'm sorry
yeah but but it's just like oh man
you're just kind of and still then I
know I was driving around town I got
kind of shaken I thought I just want to
go home yeah yeah I'm glad you're
feeling okay
makes your nerves just a little yeah
good thanks
oh you're welcome these are the flowers
that we got for Grandma or a Calvin
picked them out they're the fall flowers
I think they look pretty good they look
good in here all right I have a little
Bed Bath and Beyond a haul for you but
before that I think tomorrow we're gonna
go back to Ogden and I really want to
give my mom a pedicure and so I picked
up a nail polish and it's the FC nail
polishes so usually I do shellac or like
gel nails on my nails and so I cure
under the CND light and these they say
you don't have to cure you just put it
on and then you put top coat on and a
lasts up to 14 days so I always see it
when I go into the beauty supply store
but I never get it so I got it I'm gonna
try out my mom and see if she likes it
but I went to Bed Bath & Beyond with
Jackson and we got a few other things
that we need for the house like trash
cans I'll just show you I got this for
the bathroom hopefully it looks cute in
there yep perfect yep about just so cute
okay see if I can see it not just so
cute with the is it turquoise the green
in here so found that at Bed Bath and
Beyond so I'll have a trash can in there
and hand towel for the laundry room
something else that I picked up and
decided to do was tackle Jared's sock
issue we've had such a hard time
figuring out how to deal and fold and
store his socks cuz he has a lot of them
and they end up it's hard but closing
the cupboard without it being bulky this
sneeze on you bus Oliver what do you
think of your socks well that's cute
mom said this just for dads showed me
the picture yeah
talking about that sounds like thank you
for bringing her flowers yeah yeah jared
is a good husband and a good son thank
you that was very nice of you it's the
least I could do
anyway I've got that you showing off my
song huh yeah stinky
I should be thick modal I'm just doing a
little bit of measuring I can hear the
kids playing and this is my favorite
view ever is looking down and seeing
them Calvin where did you go did he go
in your room Calvin come here I want to
see you anyway that's my favorite view
of seeing them play a lot of times if
Jackson has something he will stay in
one for cow he is really good to share
so I love seeing them play all right the
kids have been riding their bike by
their bikes all afternoon and Jared and
Matt are gonna do the mailbox
finally beer fan late on actually doing
it but it's charged and they're going so
what's going on here Jackson abandoned
his vehicle we're gonna have to take it
to the impound you know for processing
and everything just because that's what
you got to do with the banded vehicles
and the only way we know how to do that
is to have a hell we drive it back so
jumping on the trampoline okay hold on
tight
did you go that is fat
the funny thing is like that can support
my body weight just about like the the
weight limit says like 150 pounds or
whatever it is but like yeah
now you got 150 Garrett's driving all
the toys he wishes he had which is so
true yeah Parker we've got a we've got
to process this and get inventory and
everything this is a little guy now
looks good it's about time we get it on
there huh I'm excited to show this to
you in my office
it is done it is complete this is ready
for your viewing pleasure on the wall
there it is I like it
I wish there were a little bigger but I
think this is the biggest they could get
it maybe we'll put some more on like the
size or something something like
vertical art but I think it's just
beautiful I mean I'm excited to look at
it when I'm in deep thought thinking
about life problems happiness joy family
you know all of the things that you
think about when you're in your office
sitting in your chair and then we've got
some goodness over here guys that helps
these this is the best problem to have
you order one pizza and you get two
hold that thought what did we get
Oh color combat water balloons le do you
remember that one time where I
accidentally stole those and they they
were in our shopping cart and I walked
out with them and I didn't mean to not
buy them I don't like I didn't mean to
get them at all and I walked out with
them and then I actually had to go back
to the store and buy him do you remember
that okay Jackson are you gonna use
those for like a hot tub or something
what the what is going on right here
yeah be cool poking me and you think
it's funny huh before we end the vlog
what do you think about my artwork I
love it do you think it's good what do
you think about putting like a smaller
piece right here and a smaller piece
right here to kind of like fill the room
a little bit more just like you kind of
just like that I think it looks good
yeah okay I gotta get back to the game
you like it starting tonight sorry I'm
distracted okay here's the game Oh mmm
went out I think one of the hardest
things about vlogging for me is getting
my thoughts in my head in a concise
understanding way I've been thinking a
lot the past few days about my life and
our family and everything like that
like first of all like I just I can't
believe the journey that we've been on
and I can't believe where we've come
from and where we are right now and
where we are going I am living my dream
this is a dream come true that I'm
living right now and the past few days
especially I've been thinking about the
life that I am leading and what I can do
in the future and everything in it I
know this sounds like so silly and like
so I don't know almost stupid but but it
makes me think that and I think anything
that can get
mine on this track is a good thing I've
been listening to the musical Hamilton a
hard time I well you haven't listened to
it as much as I have you've only let me
say on a car like once there's a lot of
songs on there that basically say like
what kind of story do you want to have
and I've been thinking about what kind
of story do I want to have what kind of
legacy do I want to leave my entire life
all I wanted to do is help help people
what can I do to do that do you know
what I mean like and I've just been
thinking about that why did you do
physical therapy school someone helped
me so much and I wanted to do the same
thing for other people that I mean that
changes like my whole perspective on
life like I want people to be happy I
want people to smile and I want me to
make people feel good because that's
what makes me feel good as seeing other
people feel good and so I've just been
thinking like what kind of story are my
kids gonna tell about me
what are my friends gonna say and and I
don't know if I want to think about it
like at my funeral what are people gonna
say about let's just think about yeah
like what just as a general whole like
what can I do to leave an impact on
people's lives and that's just like what
I've been thinking about lately and I
think there's some things that we can do
and Ellie and I have been talking about
those things about what we can do to
help others we've been thinking about
that and we're very excited about it and
we'll talk more about that soon but just
to give you an idea like it's hard to
get it out from my mind and I hope it
makes sense does that make sense
anything I just said I want you to know
what I've been thinking about lately and
everything so there it is there's my
brain fart all over the camera I hope
you enjoyed it the Cubs and the Indians
are playing the World Series right now
and I'm gonna get back to that and catch
up on some Z's
yes we'll go to sleep thank you guys for
watching this is like a huge part of our
life and we're grateful you're here for
it and we're grateful that we can have
these discussions we will see you guys
tomorrow hope you have a wonderful night
hi
