I got something awesome in the mail and
I'm super excited to open it up and I
want to show you guys because this is a
big part of my office that's gonna make
it look the way that is supposed to
good morning guys we are cleaning I hit
that up since 4:00 a.m. with that rascal
yeah yeah that's what I want to say to
him but anyway the boys are helping me
clean everything is wiped off vacuumed
so the upstairs is looking pretty good
it's raining outside it's cold and it is
just kind of draaby and so you know it
sounds really fun popcorn of the movie
like all day that's it sounds fun to me
anyway so we're gonna continue to clean
I've got like a huge pile of laundry
that I need to do later so maybe you
won't times out that I've never been
this bad but I've just kind of been a
crazy week so yeah we need to do all
that today the girls aren't feeling all
that great right now and so Joel and I
are gonna take the kid then you're gonna
go these guys rest their eyes they look
so cute oh my gosh you're supposed to be
resting your eyes we're gonna take
Jackson in Boston
another thing that has been on our list
that we need to do I'm starting to get
done is all of the cabinet inserts for
Jared's office my area downstairs and on
the mudroom I'm getting placed so I
think for the kids I want to just put
like a little small cover right here so
they have their swimming suit and then
it's kind of like seasonal like their
hats their gloves and then I want to get
some hooks to hang up their snow pants
and coats and then they can out their
boots down below so that's what I'm
gonna do for Jackson and Calvin's town
is not very happy right now
oh it's getting close to bedtime but
that's what we've been working on for
the last little bit I have the
downstairs done but there's quite a bit
of space I'm really excited about I
think I'll have like all of our towels
and that one for the hot tub and then
swimming suits and that one and then
these lower ones will be for Jared
boys some good cow we're starting to get
things done and I suppose today with my
mom
something kind of scary happen my mom's
got an ax fender bender a 20 year old
was texting
Andrew ended my mom and luckily
everything is okay
well has the headache and is a little
shaken up and she needs to repair us on
her car and the two-year-old same with
her she's okay just checking up and
needs some repairs but just like a
reminder it is not okay to text and
drive I I have in the past Texas and
driven when I very first got married I
remember the incident and I remember
from then on I was like I am they'll
never ever ever text nerve again and
since then I haven't it was about five
years ago I was driving home from work
like almost her end in a family and I
just stopped I know I knew I wasn't
supposed to but I did it anyway and so I
think a lot of us have had experiences
like that but I'm just a reminder to not
text and drive it's not okay luckily my
mom's okay so
love you mom I wouldn't say I'm like the
most productive person in the world like
not even close
I do a lot though like I I feel like I a
normal productive person but when I get
sick I just feel like everything that I
do like I can't do anything you know
like I'm just like oh my head and
everything but I just had to like push
through it and everything my dad and I
just had a meeting if you guys didn't
know my dad does a lot of stuff that's
where that's involved with like online
marketing and we do a lot of stuff with
YouTube and there's some like overlap
between that sometimes he does like
online marketing for some of those
clients on YouTube and so we just had a
meeting and we went over some changes
that YouTube makes and that's one of the
most interesting doing what we do is
that YouTube makes a lot of changes and
you have to adapt to it you guys have
noticed like these end screens that
we've had where you can like click on
them and everything the last 20 seconds
of the video that's something new and so
we've kind of talking about some things
with that but I'm starting to feel a
little better
taking that little nap down the stairs
was really nice I just I hate when I
even when I want to do something and I
can't do it or like I'm not don't have
enough energy that just drives me crazy
and because it's like I feel like I'm
confined to a box and I can't get out of
the box and I'm no Harry Houdini le I am
NOT Harry Houdini
this poor kid he's just as stuffed as we
are hey Spidey you feeling okay yeah
yeah was that good Apple good I'm glad
he's been a trouper all day today yeah
well hopefully that turns around I'm
starting to feel a little bit better
we'll see how it goes tonight if we get
good sleep tonight I think we'll be good
and on the mint I think one of the
saddest things as a parent is when your
kids say like I need to go downstairs
and close my eyes like you can tell he
doesn't feel well he knows he doesn't
feel well and he's just ready for bed so
we're gonna go to bed kay Jackson
oh you want your an alligator can you
say good night to our friends good news
okay say good night friends I'll feel
better tomorrow
oh okay give me hugs
well the kids are finally in bed and
today I got something awesome in the
mail and I'm super excited to open it up
and I want to show you guys because this
is a big part of my office that's gonna
make it look the way that is supposed to
and it's in this giant box right here
when Ellie was doing our house update
videos on her channel like all of the
designs and everything I think we
included a picture of the artwork that
we wanted but I want to show it to you
here and I hoping it's turning out the
way that I wanted to with like the frame
and everything so let's hold up
think I like it a lot I think this is
great I think it's awesome it's huge
it's what I'm waiting it's a mountain
it's the Half Dome it's got a river
running through it
look there's a river right there I'm
very excited about this yeah I think
this is gonna be great well we're gonna
put it right up here now a couple things
about this there was a lot of different
frames that I could pick but I didn't
like any of them and I didn't want to do
like a super custom one that pay a ton
of money to do that so I just did a wood
mount and I think that looks even better
it puts all of the attraction in the art
and not the frame itself and this is the
Half Dome it's a it's a scene in
California I know it's in California but
the thing that I like about it is it
makes me think of my two homes that's
Washington in Utah and I talked about
this in Ellie's video but it has the
mountain in the background and that
totally reminds me of Utah but it also
has these beautiful trees in this river
and that reminds me of my hometown all
of these trees and beautiful water and
everything it just makes me think of
home and I see this picture and that's
why I picked this one to hang up on my
wall it's it's this is my home but it's
in California which is not my home but
it's what I feel and I think that's like
the important part of the artwork is all
of that so I'm super excited I'm gonna
hang that up probably tomorrow kids are
sleeping so I'm not gonna be banging on
the walls right now but I just wanted to
open up and show you guys cuz I think
it's so cool
poor little Jackson is having a hard
time right now I was in there for a
little bit and now Ellie's in there
taking care of him and making sure he's
comfortable he's just having a heart
he's just really congested in his nose
and I remember being a kid and when he
can't breathe through your nose because
of congestion he's just like I just want
to breathe and it's I know he's just not
feeling good right now and I feel bad
but Ellie it's been I don't know 45
minutes since Ellie went down and I
think she fell asleep on the bed with
him so she is going to call it a night
and I think I am
to call it a night yesterday we had so
much fun it was such a good time with
the kids and doing that little skit we
had a blast and the kids were still
talking about it today
they were talking about the Joker and
how he came and got Waldo and and I just
loved it and I loved that they loved it
too and then today was a little bit
different I mean completely polar
opposites we went from having this huge
adventure trick-or-treating candy and
smiles and having fun to where most of
us were feeling sick and that's what
happens when you get daily vlogs
sometimes you have these awesome days
sometimes you get ups and downs and this
is what happened today either way thank
you so much for coming along the ride
with us today I hope you guys had a
wonderful day and a great start to your
brand new week and we will see you guys
tomorrow where we've got some fun stuff
going on and I was thinking about this
today actually real quick I was thinking
about it I was like crap I can't tell if
this is like the worst time or the best
time to get sick if we got sick last
week or the week before that that would
have been terrible because we're just
moving this week getting sick right now
I don't know if that's bad because we've
got so many things that we're getting
amped up for so many things are gonna be
happening soon but it would also be
terrible to get sick then when we're
actually doing all these things so I
think it's actually good that we're sick
now and not later cuz we've got some fun
stuff coming out so if you guys are
subscribed be sure to hit that subscribe
button it's somewhere in the corner just
hit the subscribe button and you see
what fun stuff we have going on thank
you guys again for watching and we will
see you tomorrow bye
