Cody Jackson okay let's hurry let's
gradual
happy Halloween happy honey happy
Halloween happy Halloween Ellie is
starting off the morning making some
ghoulish treats and Java kids help me
make banana or pumpkin bread uh-huh whoa
whoa is not some punk it's mummy brains
okay they're gonna help me make Butchie
glug yeah yeah there you go
that's my girl hey are you ready for
Halloween do you know what we do on
Halloween Jackson what do you think we
do on Halloween to go door-to-door and
what do we get at people's doors
sometimes you knock it and then what do
you say when they open you knock on the
door trick-or-treat and then sometimes
if you're lucky what do you think
they'll give you yeah I'll give you
candy are you excited to go door-to-door
and get candy
if you guys haven't already guessed it
Jackson is going to be spider-man for
Halloween and Calvin is going to be
Batman now each of these superheroes
have something that is true to their
identity it's who they are it makes the
character the character and for
spider-man
that is his web so I got this for
Jackson I can't wait to show them and
there's something that Batman has that
is so iconic so unique that I'm putting
together right now just for our little
Batman
yep it's true Batman has to have his
Batmobile duh that's like Batman in its
hole it's as a Batman who he is he is
he's got the Batmobile he's got the bat
suit he's got his utility bet and
sometimes Robin
now I know this isn't your typical old
Batmobile but we had to make do with
what we had I was actually trying to
look for a legitimate power wheel like
Batmobile and they had one but it was
only one seater and we want to make sure
that both of the kids can sit in there
Batman might be a little bit too young
to drive this so spider-man is
definitely going to be helping him out
and this is like a childhood dream come
true for me because I always wanted a
power wheel when I was younger and now
we can use one and it's perfect for
Halloween because the kids can try from
house to house and not all the time
we're definitely gonna make them walk
but this will be fun for a little bit to
show off to the bad guys and make sure
they know who's boss hi bud what are you
guys seeing sir Birkhoff there's a bird
right there yeah do you see it I'm happy
I don't want to bet it can go yeah I'll
go ahead and open that up and we'll see
if the bird will come out that sound
good
maybe grab your club yeah we'll save you
or Justin Chris Jackson hi guys
okay besides you may have to bug down
and wiggle em let's get a move it
they're just trying to get into fly out
just pick them up my kids is tummies of
food because I know between now and
tonight all they're going to eat is
candy but the kids help me make a
pumpkin bread today I've made a little
low for the kids and part of being half
11 bonding high and her kids are here so
I have some you watch that I made for
dinner yeah they all can have like a
slice of bread so we got glass and bread
and we are going to get ready to eat and
then we're gonna go trick-or-treating
well as we were saying prayer Jackie's
eyes were closed and he goes in a party
were you praying for a party kids are
here they're eating their food they're
eating their bread things financial for
coming you're not done i I've had a good
morning I've been cooking all morning
with the kids but I've also been um just
like laying around all day like it's
4:00 and I've just been closed my eyes
Lena see kids watching shows what's up I
think we're going to retreat in today
okay yeah in fact you're gonna come with
me bum bum bum I'm ready
am i scary oh let's go get the drawer if
I run now I looked this good I would
have taken my robe off and poured this
earlier huh who's there Cody Jackson
okay let's hurry let's schedule oh my
gosh this is insane
Ellie Olivia what do you say
I bet you're wondering where you ended
yeah
the Joker ah guys we've got to find him
The Joker took our friend we've got to
go find him friend is it I want a friend
where'd it go until daddy Where's Waldo
oh that's so cute
okay guys I know just how we can find
him okay definitely work out team
exactly it's smashing we've got all the
superheroes we need to do this we can do
this guy's nice to buy it none oh there
you go little ankle-biters let's go guys
let's find him okay guys the Joker could
be anywhere right now and we need a lot
of help okay mashing the Hulk will smash
the Joker that's right and here's what I
need you guys to do Olivia you're good
at the hover board right Cody you're
good at the hover board right yeah
Boston you're good at the skateboard
right do you want to ride your bike in
Kelvin yeah I think we've got something
special just for you
hey guys one of the boys could get and
like it all right something yeah let's
go now whatever we do when we find the
Joker
you got a kid okay yeah got it
all right spider-man I've worked really
hard on this I've got you some brand new
web cartridges so when you see the Joker
I want you to use them on them okay okay
Batman are you ready to see what I have
prepared for you are you ready -
spider-man you've got to help him out
okay let's go this way
I've got something special I want to
show you check your car you have your
car keys we've got to go get that we've
got
get in it guys we gotta get in the
Batmobile now Batman you're a little
young do you think spider-man can drive
for you
come on spider-man will you come Drive
alright guys we have one mission and
that's to find the Joker okay let's go
find him go guys go
Oh
go get him go get him go get him now the
Joker
you're kidding of spider-man
yeah did you see where you pointed to
Waldo we are Oh
oh my gosh saved me thank you thank you
guys found me you found me unspeakable
things did you guys take care of him
of course he left you by the trash cans
thank you you found me good to have you
back Thank You Batman thank you
that was just like a fun little thing
for us to do I hope you guys enjoyed it
the kids had a blast and that's kind of
like the whole reason behind is so where
the kids could have so much fun but now
the real fun begins I'm getting my
costume on oh here to serve the day
let's go trick-or-treating you guys look
so good different ways
divide and conquer okay guys what do you
say I worship hi there hey buddy
okay you do that
for any of you interested Jackson is
still interested in rocks come on honey
let's go to the next house
he's gotta get at least one Rock okay
put in your bucket I love that every
house Calvin says buy and hi to you so
excited
so we are done with our
trick-or-treating we just went up the
street and down and Bonnie is going to
run a neighborhood now yeah and we are
gonna eat a little snack while we wait
for trick-or-treaters
the kids are like just to the point
where they're tired of walking it's cold
and it's starting to get a little chilly
so we're just hanging out here on the
porch we're going to get some music plan
and we're gonna welcome all the
trick-or-treaters inter- this is our
first Halloween in a night I'm so
excited I'm following the sweetest thing
ever I love that more than anything I
know that I think that's what he says oh
that's so cute
Jackson do you want to go to a couple
more houses with me okay let's get your
shoes on first
hi jigger James walks in he'll of yours
the place did you get a lot of candy
Jackson oh my gosh Grandma and Grandpa
Rock people I did it well what's funny
is we're rounding the corner and he's
like man my bucket is full of candy it's
heavy
yes it was the sweetest thing
and I was like Jackson and maybe because
there's a giant rock in there I know
it's so fun we had fun didn't we Jackson
well spider-man just wants some credit
are you tired Wow
I think this is a pretty great way to
wrap up the kids Halloween night with a
fun little Halloween movie with a
Curious George Jackson did you have a
fun Halloween Calvin did you have a fun
Halloween you have no picture so oh
sorry sorry I did not mean to impose on
that ha ha you had fun did you like
going house to house getting all the
candy yeah yeah good I'm glad
did you go to Jenna's house that's fun
I'm so happy they had such a good time
like my I think my favorite part about
this was Calvin waving hi and bye to
everyone that was just so so everyone
yeah hey that was sweet oh you sure oh
yes you did no no no I'm you mean the
Joker yeah that wasn't Uncle Joe that
was the Joker
you
is it kind of pathetic that I like don't
want to take this costume off I feel
like this is like Oh like I should
really go to the gym I like be we lost
you where I play that one time when I
was growing up our neighbor had a dog a
big huge white dog fluffy huge white dog
and every time it would bark it was a
boom boom boom it is not like Papa hub
and we laughed every single freaking
time Kapus seriously I don't want to
take this costume off because I have a
six pack
what do that what you're going to think
about right now
well tomorrow is just gonna have to be
cleaning day
we have popcorn everywhere we have shoes
everything's crazy Jared and I are doing
one of our favorite things ever which
are that's the best idea ever
nacho we love Z as we stick this is like
what we loved our first year we're
always getting nachos and watching movie
and that's exactly what we're gonna do
now so we're gonna call it a night
happy freaking Halloween I hope you guys
have a great Halloween please let me
know what you guys dressed up as for
Halloween in the comments below don't
forget to Like and subscribe to Florida
so we're up to tomorrow which is
cleaning day so maybe I want okay let's
see exactly right
