we took a picture with the Polaroid
cameras our very first one that we're
gonna hang up Grandma and Grandpa just
got back from being in Washington where
they're here with the kids
and what happens dad mom's eyes are
closed mom's eyes are closed
happy Sunday everyone we just got back
from church and we are kind of tidying
up and getting the house clean because
my parents just got back into town after
visiting with Jennifer Tyson Cannon and
a new baby Nixon and they're coming over
and this is the first time that they
will be here in our house are you ready
hey mom and dad oh they're not here yet
sorry I mean obviously my parents have
been here throughout a huge part of this
process like getting the land and
watching the excavation and watching all
this stuff come up but they haven't seen
it finished and like Ellie and I were
just talking about it it's like I'm
excited for them to be in their son's
house like I want them to be proud you
know yeah they are
so her parents are so proud of you you
got probably will when he walks it I I
don't know I feel like I think the world
of my parents and yeah we're old of us
yeah no sorry good spider-man you ready
to see grandma and grandpa yeah
okay buck up here I said you would
before gramma finish picking up I'll
tell ya my son is my wife's son that is
for sure
candy lovers oh I just slept on the
floor little too clean now
better having a little help up here
Oh perfect perfect
oh okay wait telly knock and then you
know what to say okay welcome to my home
Oh what are you can say what are you
supposed to say not about what we
practiced
welcome to our home
this looks so fun come on in
there's Calvin he's ready to show you so
what do you guys think
Wow Wow yeah we're just getting the felt
bottom of the chair so they don't
scratch the walls everything oh
industrial yeah yeah the shorter leg so
yeah missed you guys you I don't know
how many times we have a conversation
like I just can't wait for mom and dad
to get back sorry Jennifer you had them
logging up I don't care if you had a
brand-new baby
we missed mom it up no I'm kidding how
is Jennifer and the baby and all of that
that baby oh no we have to rescue
spider-man spider-man stuck again yes Oh
No got him oh good thing grandpa's a
superhero too he'll save you hahaha I
saved him all the other times
oh wait we need to stop me did you
recognize lack of credit superhero
grandma Jen's baby and Nixon is a doll
he's perfect he never cries hardly at
all that's sweet
so now that you guys have gone through
the entire house been giving them tour
should keep it No should give it okay
sorry Ellie
it is so exciting I love it it is so
much prettier in person than even oh wow
you think yeah I do it and it was
gorgeous watching your blog but oh my
goodness can we get his mouth to be
stuck is that something we can do is
that something we can do spider yeah hey
let me help you
one two three spider-man risk mmm
Jackson what were you sing in church
today would suck do the whole thing
again
he said that like a hundred times in
church today haha we're trying so hard
you respectful a lot so hard he's
puffing up a hairball if you can't tell
he's quoting the movie Shrek 2 hairball
oh you are so silly
hairball so we took a picture on our
Polaroid cameras that we have in the
playroom yeah I'm gonna film this
because it's hilarious we took a picture
with the Polaroid cameras our very first
one that we're gonna hang up
Grandma and Grandpa just got back from
being in Washington where they're here
with the kids
and what happens dad mom's eyes are
closed mom's eyes are closed here is a
close-up I mean it's a sweet picture but
we're laughing so hard because that is
typical mom always always happens never
fails
haha it is cute hey did we get a lot of
toys
I've said I've got to make sure you get
all the credit you deserve
right from what's in my eyes it's a
sweet picture though show Mom it was
cute it is cute and we will still hang
it up on the thing so everyone can see
mom's eyes closed tomorrow is Halloween
and it is raining and windy and cold and
I mad every time I get a cold I lose my
voice every time and I hope I don't lose
it I feel like I will don't want
boss I need you to find it'll either
listen I was just trying to make sure
that you didn't run into this concrete
amazing table hey you stop filming me
when I'm trying to say I wasn't popping
my fingers always on the red button I
pushed it it's always on the red button
oh I'm not x can you stop filming a
right-wing path you stinker youse
fluffed Kelly you're such a fluffer you
fluffed in my guys and stings
whoa I couldn't hear you I think you're
losing your voice oh I'm still laughing
at Jackson we said it hello I was
laughing out loud in church as like
yelling stop is the end of a Sunday
night and tomorrow is Halloween tomorrow
is the start of the holidays it is
Halloween Thanksgiving Christmas New
Year's we have the last end of the year
to reflect back on what our goals were
at the beginning of the year we still
have a good final stretch to do our
goals to make new goals for the rest of
the year to get to some good habits or
anything that we want to be doing but
with it being that time of year it is
always important to be nice to one
another throughout the whole year but
especially right now during the holiday
season it is very important to be extra
nice and giving and service and
something that I'm really grateful about
it's something that I have noticed is
you guys and our comments are always so
kind Jer tonight I mean especially with
the following we hope we have a lot of
kind kind comments that you guys give to
us there is something that I have
noticed and it's not a lot specifically
on Instagram is something that makes me
sad is when I see not even a rude
comment towards me but towards one
another when I see each other on my
threads yelling at each other and
calling each other names and swear words
and that makes me really sad because it
makes me sad seeing other people be rude
to one another on my threads when they
don't know each other
so I just wanted to send a little love
and just a little reminder that no
matter what stage of life you're in
whether you are in high school whether
you are a dad a mom whatever stage of
life you're in everyone has struggles
and everyone is sad
it just is important to just be kind to
one another you never know what someone
is going through and I think that we
need to have a bigger heart towards one
another and I'm saying that to me as
well but I just have noticed that and I
just hope that we can especially you
Ellie and Jared people that follow us on
Instagram and on our channels I hope
that you know that that's what we expect
I hope that you guys can be loving to
one another no one wants to hear a bad
comment about them so thank you guys so
much for watching
tomorrow's Halloween I'm so excited for
the holidays I am so excited for Jackson
Calvin to go trick-or-treating where you
rented to Mister I was gonna go run the
saw back to our neighbor but I forgot my
shoes plan I don't know where you don't
want to drop your shoes they're outside
by the hot tub but yeah happy Halloween
from us to you guys and we hope it's a
great one
be safe and eat lots of candy and we
think about you guys yes we do and we
hope that you are doing well we hope
that you have a happy Halloween
yes and I think real quick before we on
the vlog like I hope you guys know and
when we say this we mean is you guys are
on our minds and our thoughts and we
talk about you and think about you all
the time
and we want the best for you and we want
you guys to be happy we do and we mean
it
and love one another yeah there's a lot
of you guys there's a lot of Ellie and
Jared together Nisour a lot of us and we
can make a big difference and it's being
kind is very simple yet it is very hard
they can't make Kirby love you guys
we'll see you tomorrow don't forget to
Like and subscribe let's each move have
you be happy we love you thanks bye
