good morning and happy Saturday
happy Saturday spider-man what are you
doing are you making some breakfast
oh wow we've got some pancakes we've got
some eggs we've got some bacon cooking
right here and we're very excited
because it's the freakin weekend and
baby we're about to have some fun aren't
we
Kate Jackson I would like the pancakes
to be nice and thin can you make that
happen
you think so yeah I got this dad that's
my boy and Calvin you're in charge of
cooking the bacon okay just watch out
for the bacon grease all right it's not
gonna get hot okay just like put on
gloves or something okay oh you want to
mix the pancakes well once you learn how
to cook bacon then you can mix the
pancakes see see I told you once you
learn how to cook the bacon then you can
mix the pancakes or disasters like this
happen
Jackson is not proud see he had to go
through two years of training for that
oh no it's on this costume no no good
it's just on you and on the floor it's
on your robe too no more filming I'm
getting naked are you shoot your web at
him you lost him ready go hurry find him
get you ran out got him good job good
job Jackson come here bud come here
I mean spider-man come here come here
spider-man do you remember yesterday
when we got you you're spider-man
costume what do you remember that well
we got a really really cool one just for
Calvin too but we need some help
spider-man do you think you can give the
special costume to Calvin what do you
think you can do that for us okay do you
want to see what it is what do you like
it yeah okay let's go give it to Cal hey
okay Jackson come on let's go come on
one Jackson has something special for
you here you go yeah that's just for you
Kelvin that's Batman this fits them
perfectly it's an infant size yeah it
took a little while to find it but I got
it
like Calvin sighs that's Batman's mask
thank you
okay now I know you got technically from
different universes wait we got to put
it on you these guys are from different
universes but we figured you guys could
still get along okay Jackson
I mean spider-man you guys how so well
let's get it on him here almost ready
Batman ah yeah I don't like this yeah
you probably well let's get the cape
flipped around flips oh wait Batman mask
is get rid of ice you can take off your
mask for a little while no one's gonna
find out your secret identity fight
crime fight the bad guys
I think the funny part is that Calvin
has a little spider-man toy
you
you
Jared and Jackson went to the store to
go get their Halloween pails and we have
a chicken Hulk Captain America Batman
and Snow White
you all look beautiful are we ready to
go Farley and Jill invited us to their
Halloween card carnival get-together
last year so we are going again this
year we're really excited Calvin and
Lincoln you two are the closest in a G I
can hardly ever see you guys close cuz
you you run together and split off they
run and then split off they don't run
together you know Batman needs a love
too everyone needs a mama after you
happy Halloween
love you
Calvin's like um how am I supposed to do
this down Cal sit down hey let's go
get a tree he said there's a hold I had
to get up for that
all right okay so this is what I'm
thinking
since we got the hot tub I have been
wanting to try something since the day
it was put in we haven't done it yet the
hosta that we have is pretty unique
because it blows a current so you can do
like the endless swimming that's a whole
point about it we got it because it's
big so the kids can play in it but that
current made me think of something that
I wanted to try and that is well it
might be better to show you so I'm gonna
grab Jewel and we're going to go out to
the hot tub and we're going to try
something we may fail probably 80%
chance that we're going to fail at this
but we're going to try anyway
all right so Joel and I are going to try
and wake surf in the hot tub because
we're really good at wake surfing behind
a boat yeah so let's give it a shot
ready
well I think that was a failed attempt
except for Ellie she freaking like was
doing awesome it was worth a shot if
there's any other board that you think
that would work better let us know in
the comments down below so we can try it
and see if we can actually do this are
you like boogie-boarding look at you go
Kate kids are you guys ready to rock and
roll
not two minutes into our hot tub
adventure did Jackson bite me on the
back and you see it right there thanks
Jackson
we don't bite human beings you know what
we bite food and I am NOT food you
cannibal professor can you guys see the
tube you than we have right here look at
that is so beautiful
the Sun is going down we're getting
ready for now or not now it's bedtime if
you just wants the camera like yuge
hot tub was a blast
yes Jackson just did this on and he just
he you are young to all the sudden
started doing this but okay okay well
he's been jumping from the stairs to
this no that is too high you stepped
down one wow I didn't do well okay jump
hey bedtime no that was the last time we
are gonna brush our teeth read a book
and aunt Bonnie and uncle Joel got a
babysitter's I think they're well good
successful fun amazing day it was such a
fun day I think we had a blast the hot
tub was so fun the kid in the costumes
was the best ever it's so cool to see
them play in those costumes I think we
may need to get a couple more so I can
get one two maybe I'll see anyway thank
you guys so much for watching the video
I hope you enjoyed it if you did be sure
to give the big thumbs up if you're new
to the channel be sure to hit that
subscribe button because we make awesome
videos like this every single day I will
see you guys tomorrow bye
