daddy that's cute
good morning guys and happy weekend well
it's not really the weekend anymore
because this little guy slept in until
10:30 can you believe that Jackson I
don't know if you've ever slept in that
long oh he looks like he wants a pretzel
can you give him a pretzel what oh
you're just joking good job so I think
Calvin just like took the whole night
and slept off his little sickness that
he was having doesn't feel warm so I
think it's doing a little bit better but
mommy is not doing that great she is in
bed right now she is just trying to
sleep over her second she was up all
last night just kind of like a key--and
in pain and stuff so the boys are
working hard and we are going to take
care of her so we're gonna go get her
some soup so she can eat it and feel
better yeah you just want those pretzels
hi I've got some nice delicious potato
soup just with your name Oh neat how you
feelin better
good license cute I felt bad he came in
here and woke you up What did he say you
came up to me he's like daddy I want to
lay in bed with mom and watch Peppa Pig
I'm gonna go do that okay bye this has
been a really fun morning like I kept
thinking like I want to film this and
with him this but like I just have it
uh-huh how energy like just do it but um
we all wait in bed this morning
I know well what was funny is about 20
minutes after Calvin woke up Jackson was
like it's dad I'm tired I want to lay in
mommy and daddy's bed and I said okay I
am too yeah I know Lee yeah so I came
down and I instantly fell back is lucky
and I knew he was asleep was like okay
yeah so we're just kind of hanging out
here but we're all doing a little bit
better now we we are le how are you
feeling that you got some rest I feel a
lot better
mm-hmm it's just like my back hurts
about and my head was a little pressure
yeah so hopefully by this afternoon with
all the medicine will be better good
we'll enjoy your soup I'm taking care of
the kids and we're making sure all of
their bellies are full too Calvin look
who's that who's that cow baby is it
baby
Oh can't give him kisses he's like no
not yet got changes oh good close yeah
we're facetiming with my sister Jennifer
and we're looking at Nixon her little
baby boy he's just so adorable
congratulations Jennifer how are you
feeling good I know
oh there we go yeah we just missed it
but he smiled at me
so I'm gonna take that as a victory for
Uncle Jared still a favorite uncle right
mm-hmm
what a baby Jackson do you want a baby
brother or a baby sister
Oh one day it makes me baby hungry but
we still have a little baby yeah my
brother Nate and his wife just had a
baby three four days ago baby boy so
congratulations names maybe not to
newbies to brand-new babies in our
family yeah we're kid my family is
catching up to your side of the family
huh how many was there 17 grandkids on
Ellie side and I think there's one of
the Roses to the room not ten grandkids
on my parents side so it's cute I love
all these little kids right guys right
guys give him a kiss Cal give him a kiss
mmm
that was sweet Oh Ron it's raining Ron
mommy
I gotta watch over the cars dodging cars
left and right right
run oh okay we're safe we made it
Jackson I went running through the rain
to Walmart to pick up some pictures that
we had printed you guys remember like a
few weeks ago Ellie and I had stayed up
really late a few nights going through
all of our hard drives picking up
pictures for our picture frames that we
got this is like one of my favorite
pictures it's I think it's just gonna be
one that we'll remember forever and it's
not even of me and Ellie it's of Ellie
and her sisters then we're all pregnant
yeah all of her sisters were pregnant at
the same time and this is like
especially standard and sweet to me yeah
because that was like the very first
time that we found out we were pregnant
it was right after and it's just like
going through all those feelings and
emotions like brings back what we went
through what we felt what we thought in
this picture and the joy that we had
once we found out like I still remember
walking through the door after work
don't listen to the voicemail don't
listen to the voicemail all day and then
sitting on that pink little couch or
that white and pink little couch and
getting that that voicemail was
life-changing and this picture is like
Ellie's family and it reminds me of that
and then we have all these pictures here
too that we're gonna put a picture come
help me make the bed okay
and to make it and the leg oh you don't
get out though come bring me the pillows
I hope that smell
that's cute do you love mommy and daddy
yeah you're so sweet you know that how
come you guys are so cute it's like a
way out of a movie
you think work you two that was so cute
oh no he likes a finger puppet more to
do so we have a picture frame right here
that we needed turn out a different
picture and then one on my stand the one
my stand I want the one of us and when
we were dancing so we need to find that
picture we're getting there
well we are having a late night Calvin
isn't that oh I was just looking at the
stairs that would have been bad we're
having a light night for watching
Curious George
Devo and Jared are finishing up the play
area it's looking so good you did so
good and we may need to fix those that
was really funny the other day that
happened
we have those shelves up on those one
but that that one went way smoother and
faster than this one up I know we got
those four beyond the little pole right
we're gonna put some pictures yes art
stuff on there it'd be even kids put
like frames some of their stuff
eventually got these bad boys these are
superheroes yeah these are gonna be noms
for like the superhero clothes like hang
on stuffing I'm under the superhero
pictures well we're working on right now
and then I want to get some pictures
here of the kids and then I think even
this Jared fills up to it that we will
come in the guest bedroom and hang that
above the bed and hang I got these um
women figurines to go on the sides of
the beds right there so we're gettin
things put together tonight is much
better than them
like all day like it was like four
o'clock and we were Stover like all in
bed watching shows so that's that's what
today's I'm like I've loved it's been
raining it's fun getting house set up
you would think that we'd have the
flavor have done by now I was like oh
then we hung that up from like oh yeah
Jared we're gonna be hang one thing
every day we're getting a day and we're
gonna good that's all we need to do one
thing a day without further ID you here
is the finished kid's playroom we're
gonna start off over here with the hello
room and this is what they've got going
on here just some toys that they can
play with some compartments and
everything so this is the finished back
plate area I love how everything turned
out do you like your costumes buddy yeah
yes thank you and bunny for doing those
that's so fun we've got some of these
the bean bags right here and I think
these added a ton we have our some
Polaroids some Disney art some screen
grabs a little chucks and this is nice
sweet and then we've got some other
cameras and some more Disney art here
and eventually we'll get like some
images of kids and stuff on there this
is superhero corner where we've got the
superhero art and some costumes and then
we've got the big wall section here that
took forever in a day to finally finish
and get against the wall the play up top
and then some Disney stuff over here and
then this string art right over here the
cool thing about this is that this can
change as the kids grow up we can
showcase more things along here all we
do is just clip there and we have like a
polo right there that will just fill up
and that's what those Polaroids are for
whenever we have like family and friends
in town we'll have them take a Polaroid
and we'll put it up on the wall pretty
cool kids already love it they've been
playing down here all week they love
this area
yeah okay look yeah Bonnie was so sweet
to get you those costumes but daddy and
mommy got you a special costume do you
want to see it okay Sonia Bahn has our
gloves what is that spider-man do you
want to wear that this is just for you
and Calvin to play in Oh like this is
what I'm excited about I'm excited to
see the kids just come down here and use
our imagination and play together and
grow up together Calvin and Jackson are
going to have a blast I kind of wish
Calvin was it was awake right now are
you turning into spider-man Peter Parker
oh my gosh your muscles are already
showing how adorable okay Spidey get
your mask on y'all for your mask what's
really doing it up trees bed in the last
few nights he'll wake up and ask for his
mask shoot you read yeah QT now Jackson
go like this
oh you got me let me see you another
move Sam put your weight on this one
there put one hand down here and look up
at mommy
and go yeah go yeah yeah perfect
and there is our spire man what's
creepiest is not talking Jackson we we
say something oh it's you um hi this is
nice okay Spidey guys this is so fun I
know I do wish Calvin was awake I have a
costume for Calvin just waiting for him
in the morning okay do the same move
again do you move super social that
looks awesome
they've got to do that again you gotta
try that again spider-man come on try
that again do that again for me go
Spidey good job honey oh I love this kid
spider-man I can't believe you're so big
Halloween is in just a few days so I'm
getting my grocery list together for the
next week I want to make a few snacks I
found this girl online just a while ago
her name is Megan Rosabella she makes
like these really healthy just food
snacks all together so I really like her
so I found her a while ago she just
posted something about like pumpkins
like a yummy drink and like another tree
so I think I'm gonna make those and then
I'm excited for the kids to go
trick-or-treating it's gonna be so fun
for Jackson and Calvin this year
especially Calvin because he's just
older like last year I ended up coming
home early because he was tired and
needed to eat and whatnot so I'm excited
to take the kids out this year and in
their new neighborhood with our new
friends are you ready to make an
announcement we're about to announce the
winners of the 900k giveaway when we hit
a million is well have to say 1,000 kit
because I like saying something
something King giveaway because it
rhymes oh yeah 1 million giveaway
doesn't
900k giveaway and I want to say this and
I hope you guys get the same feeling
that I'm trying to convey that this
means so much to us and we are so
grateful and we feel so blessed that you
guys are here along with us 900,000
people have clicked that little red
button that says I'm going to see what
these guys have to say so it means a lot
to us and this is a very small way for
us to say thank you and I don't think
we'll ever be able to repay the way that
you guys have given us we will always be
grateful for you guys so thank you so
without further ado we have the winners
here we have grace from the US Emily
from the UK and Sarah from Canada
congratulations guys you are the winners
we already know Gia's so we'll be
keeping in touch for the GoPro the Skype
session and the beauty box your gift I
wait to get that together I know I think
that's gonna be fun for you too hey just
know action yeah it's just perfect win
enough eyebrow pencils so we will be
anxious to hear from these guys we're so
excited and thank you again
so congratulations guys again and with
that we are going to say goodnight thank
you for watching we will see you guys
tomorrow we hope you have a wonderful
weekend see you guys later bye
congratulations remember we're treating
in our neighborhood I'm gonna wear it
don't put your hands off me I'm gonna
swear if you tickle me don't swear I'm
gonna pee all over you I don't want to
be tickle
I don't know which one is worse don't
