tonight we are making breakfast for
dinner
I'm making biscuits and gravy oh it's up
you jocks it's not good to say good luck
and get it we gotta cook it first time
good morning guys the beer getting the
kids caught up on aunt Bonnie and uncle
Joel's videos Cody is it good to see
your parents in New York City I bet you
enjoy the view do you enjoy looking at
them down there but guess what guys it
looks so much fun I for what for the
past like eight months I've been like
I'm itching to get back into New York
that's cool and all but I want to tell
you guys we have a special guest visitor
here with us right now
Captain America do you want to see our
special guest visitor come over here
with me guys if you look over here there
is a little mouse in our window kids
thought my myself right here over here
oh that's Oh
is that cool you wanna see I'm not gonna
lie that's not cool that's really close
but it is really small but you know what
this is not where we saw that mouse it
was over there it wasn't the other one
yeah well I wonder if it fell down from
up through there through the window well
dude they're doing a lot of landscaping
in the backyard so like there's another
one we have two special guests yeah
we're the corner oh my gosh there it is
I know my mother's probably cringing
yourself well I'm sure what happened is
they fell down in to the to the window
well and they can't get out so they're
probably like um Ellie and Jared could
you help us a little bit we're stuck
here in your window well and we
particularly don't want to be here
either we're in a bit of a pickle
you know why I go soft oh yeah we're
gonna play a ball game but first I want
to tell you guys there were a little
pickle not a big deal Hey but we have
those blue bar stools that I had and
they were not the right height and I was
going to return them and get the right
height but they don't come and not color
and I loved him because they were
somewhat inexpensive from Target but I
think I'm just going to go into town and
return them sometime
my mother entity responds to the lay him
down like I am going to go return him
maybe and make a little day out of the
Jackson gone to town so that's me I'll
go get Calvin to bed I got a play golf
ball game with Jackson then maybe we'll
go on to town okay come on me go first
yeah okay okay you have to try not get
zapped okay
I need to get the paddle didn't get that
boy oh that's a good one I thought
already Oh Oh you snap it
you're okay keep going Calvin woke up
from his nap feeling just how Jackson
did last night it's just got a little
bit of a fever so we gave him some
Tylenol
we're just cuddling on the bed right now
watching a little show poor guy he's
just so cuddly right now I kind of like
it but I feel really bad I liked your
cuddles the cuddles is what I like I
don't like that my little boys not
feeling good but she's anything like
Jackson it won't be very long Jackson
seems to be feeling a lot better today
he's off with mommy right now and
they're having a good time okay I think
I finally got it Calvin got some good
rest and he's feeling a little bit
better fever I think is already broke so
that's that makes me feel like it wasn't
that bad still he was wanting to cuddle
and I love that but that is all set up
and it looks pretty good did I spell it
right I've been looking at it so much
that it looks felt wrong play PLA why
okay I think the pee is over just a
little too far just like a smidgen and a
half bother than I think it looks pretty
good so I think the kids will love it I
think we've got to hang the buzz light
your picture right there and we'll be
all set
I hope you guys are not sick of every
day being house update we did this and
this and this it's very what we're going
to be doing even continuing into the
next few weeks but this is what we are
doing I'm so grateful for this picture
thank you so much I love it Jarrod got
this for me love it
I thought it would be perfect down here
I like to color you do I like clothes
it's cute love it let's step back love
it we have the play sign the superheroes
that is so fun now we are going to put
up a little thing right here for people
for the kids to hang their pictures and
then right here me to put a few shelves
and we have like some cute little
cameras that we're gonna put on there a
cute little area right there
then I want to sometime order a rug for
here so that we can play playdough in
color and all fun things on there how's
it look a little more to left
bada-bing bada-boom looks good thank you
welcome
hold it there good okay don't move a
muscle
this is a heavy shelf it's like steel
keep holding yet you're doing great oh
sorry levels in my way
oh now I can put in a kitchen that was
happy my arms are like red Kelvin right
as I bomb these guys have been working
their tails off trying to get the
positioning right on the slide and it's
been so cool to see and apparently they
have tried out this light already before
us I think that's so awesome
so was it fast was a good that hurts
your but it'll slow okay that's good low
for old guys thank you
they wanted me to come out and give it a
shot so I'm gonna try it real quick
this looks so steep oh my gosh this
looks awesome they're getting the steps
up to go up to the ramp right here - oh
my gosh that's crazy here we go I think
I am a little wide for it three two one
I did it that's awesome I think they'll
love it my execution in building the
slide wasn't as good as I wanted it to
be without having someone there to help
me force the joints in the place it was
a little bit a little bumpy but I think
it'll help slow the kids down because
they will probably cruise
tonight we are making breakfast for
dinner I'm making biscuits and gravy
cake roll the bread out for me good job
and now mommy's gonna roll it this way
we put one for me
perfect Olivia come over cut some
perfect
oh it's a few jacks it's not your taste
very good luck again we gonna cook it
first time already are we made a mess
easier to be biscuit perfect oh and
you're a flowery superhero dude you guys
look at your mom you'll see your mom in
the morning really invite in the morning
uh-huh
but before school that make you sad or
happy do you miss her I need it commuted
good
you wrote this wet rope okay mister we
go trip dusted off whoa projections no
you thought roll over yeah stay right
here will vacuum another dinner is dirt
I hope you like it
guardians are helping this is a famous
recipe this is one of the Ellie's it's
good to good news best favorite one of
my favorite meals ever so I hope you
guys like it
Oh Cody and Olivia thanks for coming
into my home our home we loved it I
seriously I love my nieces nephews all
of them all of them so I just I loved it
I was fun having you guys here
I think it's been fun that a lot of this
stuff has been happening while they've
been here some fun friend I think before
we go to bed I think we'll have to go
down
right at least once at least once do you
guys want they probably don't like to I
should I don't know you guys don't want
to go down slides no it's not gonna be
that much fun you think it'll be fun
come on ago why did we not put the hot
tub right there Oh slightest bit scratch
and all we're done we'll get a second so
oh what oh my gosh okay well it was
really fun having you guys here I really
love ya every time we eat I cannot help
but laugh at Calvin because he is
totally not like Jackson ever was he
eats so much he will stop playing and
wanna start huh and he will eat and eat
and eat and not just sweets like he
wants food but Calvin totally eats so
much like he's waiting for ya he's so
small
Jackson was always bigger than him but
it's funny he he does food no food boo
the backyard is just looking so awesome
and I know we've said it a million times
but I just can't thank the guys enough
for like how good they are at what they
do
they spent forever trying to get this in
place and it looks so great we still got
to like get it drilled down in there but
they put a stake down here so it won't
move or anything so it's all set and the
rocks are positioned to keep it upright
and everything they are said okay when
we're done you let the kids play and try
it out and see how it works so I'm
excited to show the kids and see what
they think about it all this slide like
a rocket launcher is just gonna launch
them straight down this hobbit hole is
gonna be so fun oh I can almost stand
all the way up in here this is awesome
this is so cool I love it the kids are
gonna love it too okay shall we I think
what we'll do
or yeah yeah made it through I think
what we'll do so I'll bring the kids out
I'll have them all go down and try to
slide oh you're already out here you
want to go down the slide
okay let's go
so I think the kid had a really good
time playing on the slide ouch my
fingers playing on the slide and
everything we just got the kids in bed
and everyone asleep
Calvin like zonked out I think you guys
aren't feeling the greatest no I've had
a cold list so you've done mistake too
what's that lovely camera oh you know
just 45 minutes away
oh no when I was out I had it I didn't
film yeah so all the kids are added but
add that first clip on it
I was importing all the fishes like hey
Ellie was the other camera she's like I
don't know I think it's in the van so we
looked and she said rattle I think I
left it at Target and we called and sure
enough it's in the Lawson counter honest
people though yes seriously and that's
the thing is like replacing the camera
isn't that much of an issue it's this
morning I don't like footage that we
have yeah Colin was like falling asleep
on the couch I was like I want that like
one thought forever I was really sad
thought of losing that hmm so I'm going
to go drive down to it's about an hour
away and get the camera so you guys can
have what's on the beginning of this
vlog it ends there yeah if there's a
beginning to this vlog I made the trip
successfully so I will be back I love
you I guess these look at the light
weight do you look at the way or do you
not look at the light you like okay all
right all right I love you are you
freaking kidding me right now are you
freaking kidding right now yeah and
Riverdale
I'll watch your kids anytime this is so
yeah what's happening no no I'm not
crying I coulda yeah I just have a cold
Thanks oh my gosh I was like no she has
to be home by now
thank you you are literally lifesaver I
could kiss her on the mouth I could
Bonnie and Joel well they just so happen
to be getting their kids from Ellie's
parents house which is right next to
Target and there
they're way back here this could not be
the better timing this is amazing Thank
You bunny and Joel watching the kids are
four days was so what
so Bonnie said that they would go over
to Target and take it out for us and I
know that's the last thing they want to
do they just flew from New York they
don't want to go to Target and but
luckily it's only just a couple of
minutes away from Ellie's parents house
and then they're coming back here ah
vlog saved vlogs saved what I don't feel
like I can because they're doing
something for didn't let's go hang up
things don't you ever pooped can you
believe that Ellie and Jared left their
camera at Target sometimes I just don't
even know about those guys ah
they drive me kinda crazy I wish their
viewers knew how bad they were I guess
when I take again right to him Oh Joel
this is fun this is recruiting offices
recruiting
oh my goodness it is so good to see you
guys Bonnie and Joel just brought the
camera back and we have it so we get to
bring in all the footage that we had
before so with that we're going to cause
the vlog thank you guys so much for
watching it is the start of the weekend
it's Friday hope you have a great
weekend and we will see you guys
tomorrow bye
