now hold it oh oh he's dead twice he's
dead again he's been dead for a long
time but now he's dead again
good morning high five times yeah high
five
uh-huh he wants the camera high five
yeah boom boom boom and mommy good
morning high five oh good morning guys
how's it going we are setting up what is
left of the playroom so we've got our
pictures right there but we've run into
a little bit of a pickle
I want commanders by the way they are
honestly like our favorite things like
hanging light pictures with yeah holes
into me right there it's just one
command strip and that'd be amazing
no because whenever I like drill holes
into the wall to like hang things it
always ends up being like five holes in
the wall cuz I mess up all the time so
these command strips are great but we
ran out of them we we have like two left
and we have it we need to get a few more
to hang some stuff so the boys the boys
and I are gonna go to the store and you
know what else store we're gonna go to
store the Halloween store do you want to
come with me Jackson the whorehouse
oh is it gonna be scary okay let's go
he'll like I think this will do Cody
Jackson where'd you go bud you're right
there oh he's just around the corner
right there we need to get a stepping
stool and this I think is the perfect
one because we're short for our people
problems you're gonna understand that
but that's okay high five I'm just
kidding but it's true we've got to get
out of these ok Captain America number
one make your jump
Captain America number to make your jump
high oh you're number five cuz you're 5
years old
whoa all right guys we're in the parking
lot so let's hold hands as we go okay
Jackson hold Cody's hand oh good jump
okay okay we are off to the Halloween
store I had this really great idea for a
big Halloween costume set for the whole
family
I don't
think it's gonna work out so we're going
with option 2 we're going to go here to
see if they have anything just because
shipping times are kind of crazy right
now for Halloween stuff but I hope we
find it um let me know what you guys
think we're gonna dress up for Halloween
leave in the comments down below also
what are you going as for Halloween what
do you guys want to be for Halloween I'm
captive makeup and as which just bite me
on the next one oh my gosh
multi costumes that's crazy oh my
goodness gracious look at this is that
scary Jackson is that scary bud oh this
is funny good job I'm glad you like it
honestly I was kind of nervous to see my
accessing this stuff oh my gosh Jackson
you're worthy to hold Mjolnir oh you are
- Cody oh my gosh
oh that's caring careful okay alright
let's put these back before if we just
try this door Cody you'll have to
forgive me for this Bonnie and Joel you
may have to freaking me for this hey
what's going on guys boo boo boo it
didn't scare you
oh did scare you Jackson no look at this
is that cool looks like he can fly do
you want to hold it yeah hold it oh oh
he's dead twice he's dead again he's
been dead for a long time but now he's
dead again watch out for that snake Cody
like scary wet oh it almost gotcha
Jackson you try that one do you think
that one I'll bite you but don't touch
his neck he might bite you Oh see you
got to be careful not to get too close
he might bite you Ellie Ellie - getting
ready to do it again I know they're
getting a hobby harder
oh right now yeah I gotta go look Megan
into the hopper hole inside say the
backyard we just finished up lunch Jared
grabbed lunch for the workers so
everyone is full happy event
Jackson has his little friends over hi
girls
but our friends over my friend Whitney
hi and they just came to the door and
like we're doing the hobbit hole so of
course we had to run out get the GoPro
they are getting ready to put the kids
as hob a hole right there
so it's like a huge like concrete what
is it called
being like a huge sewer pipe is but no
sewer will be in it but I'm really
excited that this will be fun to watch
all right you cute kids are you guys
ready to see this they're doing it right
now that's the entrance isn't that
awesome it's like a little door
let's you be so cruel
oh my god I cannot wait to play in that
okay here's the lid seal it all up
that's amazing the control he has with
it watch your fingers
Wow
that looks completely sealed now just a
little jab jab jab through perfect so
they're saying what they're actually
going to do is they're going to filter
over the top of it and kind of landscape
it in so they'll actually be able to put
grass over the top so it'll look like a
hobbit hole not on a house but a hobbit
hole and I think that's the coolest part
is that they're incorporating it into
the yard rather than just sticking it
out of the yard feeding two extra mouths
and trying to keep all four kids alive I
think I've been in the kitchen a lot the
last few days everyone's gotten home
from school they all had snacks a little
bit ago they're playing downstairs or
some toys and I'm going to heat up the
leftover soup so heat the soup up so we
have dinner and then I think the kids
have been wanting to get in the hot tub
this whole week that's all they were a
fort and the hot tub is what they really
wanted the fort we checked off so I
think today when all the workers go home
we won't go in the hot tub it's nice was
like outside is like nice it's not a
gray warm the hot tub won't be like way
harlem's like a nice a nice warm swim
hey how did you put water in there did
you
one rate I have a slower I definitely
not look in there but there's definitely
water I gave three of my waters to the
worker guys today I know I know you got
too much that was nice of you world
water and yeah and I'm water I just
haven't put in there yet yeah you're my
bad okay you guys have been patient
you have been excited are you guys ready
to go swimming
Kelvin are you ready yeah your swimsuits
falling hahahaha he's been running
around like crazy okay let's go swimming
are you ready let's go let's go swimming
come on are you guys ready puffing you
like it you like it Jackson
it's just the right temperature for you
kids go you oh my goodness
there you go Jackson you're doing it
you
okay Calvin robot called the camera but
look at it like pushing over here Jerrod
I do not know who is more tired Jackson
or me he is out and I don't think that
he's feeling well I had some visitors
over tonight we were talking and he fell
asleep on my lap and he said his tummy
hurt him so I have some juice a bucket
and he was eating some little cracker
treats but he's laying here for the
night Jarrod's working on the cool
project so the hobbit hole is in the
yard is pretty much excavated roxor and
now they're getting ready to do the
sprinkling system and hopefully grass
hopefully the weather will hold up long
enough for that but we have one other
little project to put in there is a
slide and they said today if you have
that slide gotta get together so we can
put it up for tomorrow so I think
tomorrow they're putting up the slide so
Jarrod's been out here where are you Jer
where are you so he has been kind of
working on this putting it together I am
seriously so excited the kids are gonna
love that I am going to love that I know
I've said this cry have to say it again
like I truly have loved working with
everybody like I think the outside has
been just as fun if not more fun than
the whole house process I love the
people we work with
I love the relationships that we have
one of the guys actually he goes to
church with us he just lives not too far
away I just have really grown to like
really just appreciate all of them so I
appreciate all their help and hard work
and their thought into all this it's
been really a fun project
Jared's using a new tool how you like
that I got a cut this would fit this one
but you know what's funny
but parents about the slide and the
first thing make sense do you think my
button is big enough little enough to
fit this wide enough I haven't seen it
yet you just pulled out of the box today
oh it's gonna be so fun I'm so excited
the neighbor kids came over today and
they're like can we play this Segway can
we play in the hole and we were just
getting kids ready for bed so I said
more tomorrow sunny tomorrow they're
gonna come play but I think we should
say goodnight no want to yeah we could
say goodnight now okay his masterpiece
would you guys we'll see you tomorrow
thank you guys for watching this has
been such an enjoyable time and I'm glad
you guys are here with us along the way
I feel blessed and grateful and I'm glad
that you guys are with us so thank you
for watching and we will see you guys
bye
