okay Olivia high five for piano lessons
that was a lame high five give me some
skin
are you guys excited to go play there
goes Captain America and Iron Man to go
play and save the day once again they've
reunited their friendship
good thinking iron ore Captain America
your captain iron man good morning guys
it is another wonderful day here in the
Meachem household Calvin just woke up
and Jackson was the first person running
his head
Calvin's away Kevin's awake didn't he
did your brother come get you mmm wha
what are you guys up to making a beard
oh um your beard is better than mine
Olivia how is that even possible
I haven't shaved in like a week and your
beard is better than mine you just woke
up mmm I actually think it's so funny I
think that's so good flip it over
Oh plenty it's not a beard what what
jasmine yeah that looks awesome okay
Sango just come move over cute girls
hairstyles right there are friends I can
say that right no look try not to pull
this oh okay
I was thinking we could remember how it
looks like a beard yeah thank you for
crazy hair day we could do that that's
an awesome idea or maybe we could do a
braid in there like a bun bun
uh-huh a bun bun bun bun all over the
top of your head
today is pajama day the kids so they are
getting ready in their pajamas eat ice
cream do this for ya the lessons crazy
hair day average evidence
almost ready
well isn't this just the cutest little
scene I ever did see the boys are just
mesmerized by the ditch which they're
digging a ditch out there for some
drainage out into the front yard because
of the slope of our property and these
kids are just loving it what do you
think Jackson what are they doing
they're putting rocks in there it's a
pretty cool they'll be bringing in
they're putting a pipe in to make them
the water cooler
remember - oh yeah cool do you like a
cow yeah oh he's a wavin to him
what is going on Oh what is he doing I
know you Danny here ripping at me biting
me I wash the potatoes they grab a cup a
Bennett
oh good doggy Oh dad he's a little ankle
biter good boy I trained you so well
okay sicker sicker Calvin get her get
her Calvin
if I'll okay if I delivered it's finally
here very nice this looks so good look
how rich the colors especially with the
Sun just beating on it isn't that
beautiful
you want the bench over there you want
the chairs over here we can do that well
super-marv switch them around okay let's
do it
it's so pretty now we can have like
breakfast Oh runner yeah we can have my
table I love it tiny not that the
lifetime table was bad go for the first
three or four days we ate in a matter
yeah I love it yeah I do we ended up
finding our table from Crate and Barrel
and I liked it for the price and for
what it looked like
I loved it these songbird pictures are
my absolute favorite
there'll be it's like one of those homes
like when you're old and you get rid of
things or stuff like this is something
like I'll keep forever I think they're
so pretty and thinking we should have
got pineapple it's alright but I love it
I love it we need to finish ordering the
rest of the blue chairs that are the
right size we're gonna keep one that's
talk because Jackson does really good
like just sitting right there eatin but
finish it off it looks great
is that the final thing that we're
waiting on your chair my initial time
today
it should come today yeah it's like
finally done like this I'm excited it's
beautiful
yay love it and we can have dinner on it
tonight I'm making some beef stew beef
stew in there so it should be pretty
good dang I was good-looking
okay I ring it off the table yes I think
you're cute it's okay now it's my turn
oh that's my bum one chair I'll just
right here I don't know how much that
recorded because the camera was like off
but there's Jared's chair I like it I
like it a lot it's just small like it's
perfect right there if you would have
told me three months ago I would have a
kid
toddler baby that sleeps I would not
have believed you
Calvin has just changed his tune the
last few months and has been wonderful
he just woke up from a 3-hour nap good
morning good morning you woke up from a
three-hour nap mister hi can I smell
your baby breath ah I've upset the baby
breath let me pick you up one day your
head down what a linear idea is I can
just get me out come here
ah baby boy good morning you are C
George
mm-hmm say hi George yeah give him
kisses say hello hmm it's hi hungry me
too soup mmm it's time it's time to show
you what what you say I'll show you with
my book this chair this chair it's
finally in my hair I don't know what I
am saying right now I just thought I'd
come up with some rhyming but guys guess
what my chairs finally here look at that
now other people can sit in my office
with me isn't this cool is this awesome
I like it a lot it looks so comfy it is
so copy I trust me my butt agrees with
me whoo do you like the chair Olivia
how's pajama day today is cool good good
I'm glad oh I love this it already feels
so good and when it gets broken and even
more to be the best it's the final day
our house is like all the way done guys
we got the connecting pieces for the
thing downstairs we got my chair and we
got the table the dining room set this
is awesome this is like the best our
house is like finally done we just got
to set up the rest of the stuff okay I
am determined to get this done I want it
to feel complete so the kids have the
play area all set up I've got this guy
going right here this is the middle
piece that connects those two pieces
together and we can finally do it today
so I've has my helpers to come take care
of all of this get it ready for me so we
can just piece them together real quick
get them stack get them secured to the
wall and get them good to go
max one box two box three cubby one
cubby - cubby three did it done it job
you got a lesson well no no Olivia can
skip piano lesson you have to stack all
these together right okay yeah I will do
that
while you guys are gone or at least I'll
try and do that if the kids are behaving
so okay Olivia hi fight for piano
lessons that was a lame high-five give
me some skin
yeah it's beautiful it's beautiful Jared
did a good job
Kaley what do you think here it is do
you want to know a secret
about this whole thing I tried moving in
passing through the wall could not
budget it is so heavy I couldn't scoot
it by itself I need your help I have no
idea oh okay I'm watching whoa iron man
rolls down the cushions
let's redo it before he flips we might
have to wait honestly a little bit well
I only had to take apart half of it in
order to get it up against though it was
really heavy
now we're just looking to see how we
want to hang up everything the four
superheroes will go on that side and
then I was going to put two pictures of
the boys right here and for some reason
I have an idea where this would be and
I've lost it so maybe we'll just have it
be in the four superheroes on that side
yeah so the boys even right here would
be cute on that wall yeah that'd be cute
what about the two other like the Carl
and Ellie and the Disney Tower thing not
so much everything out yeah excited I'm
into like this is so fun setting up
their play area and it's almost done
you're welcome
it's a little present from me to you all
right guys this is it this is the time
that we're going to open up the hot tub
and use it for the very first time are
you guys ready for this ready let's see
if the steam comes oh look at that steam
it's a long I gotta check the
temperature and everything and see if
it's ready to go but it's been heating
all day long so I think we're gonna be
good but I just got a double check real
quick oh my goodness oh my goodness
gracious
this thing is ready to rock and roll
Ellie and I are grabbing some doctor
better and we're going hot tubbin hey
cowgirl
okay I gotta get my suit off okay you
ready this is our honorary first time
we are on the very first time oh that's
right so good oh oh my gosh oh goodness
gracious what the Hello Kitty this feels
amazing we have like a big hot tub oh
this thing this thing is the flippin
frog we have to take the flippin frog
out of here he's not allowed to play
with us against the rules it's just you
and me
isn't this awesome I feel so happy like
this is so fun you've got a root beer
bar then doctor pet doctors bed chute
right let's give it a shot
home baba seat so zit cream soda
I'm on to a good start Cheers
huh different is the right way like it
tastes that cream soda mm-hmm sorry
diets not like dr. pepper is good yep if
you thought the party just got started
oh you were wrong are you ready for this
hit the loads baby isn't that cool
oh wait it gets better you ready hit
number one
tip number two
and I'm against it
give it a shot
they tried okay
I know the Beast
and Farhan
before we end today's vlog I want to say
one thing and that is don't make fun of
my hair too much in the comments Kay you
can make fun of it but just not too much
I know it's really really bad
this is hottub hair this is like what
happens like I have like a middle part
or something anytime I like take a
shower or get in the pool get my hot tub
this is what happens so no making fun of
me to that with that thank you guys so
much for watching we're going to call it
a night and we will see you guys
tomorrow bye
