hey alright now we like you do I'm sorry
tell you what let me kiss it better no
no he's undoing your costume Ironman
hurry run away
you
good morning at last night with four
kids with really Smith jackson is
obsessed with his costume and woke up in
the middle of the night
I want my costume read he slept with his
costume but he wanted his mask on huh
you were but we don't sleep with our
masks on but he went to birth this
costume and so that had to suffice I
made french toast this morning and
Bonnie's kids called french toast
you made this Wow we made this for
Mother's Day so this must have been a
special treat for you to have huh was it
good
you done okay Cody had a little headache
hey Rach we only tried it once and it
did work fo but it was Mother's Day but
it tasted good so we had only one time
but the rest of the times we could
replace isn't needed
Oh Calvin just woke up and we need to
get your hair done for school and we
need to get you potty but you know what
I didn't think about is his outfit it's
much harder to pee and the outfit you
want to go to school I remember being
with my cousin's in I guess not the son
were gone to school I remember being
with my cousins and my cousin was gone
to school I remember saying I want to go
to school and my uncle had asked the
teacher if I could come into the class
and I was able to go on for like not
very long but I remember being like when
I'm in school it was really fun but I
wanted to give you guys a little potty
training update Jackson has been so good
to pee an ass to pee in the potty going
poop has been a little different um he
acts scared of it and so I haven't
really tried to force it all that much
but um it's a daily thing we're like
Kate next time I go potty let's go the
toilet next to a co-pilot scrolling
toilet so we kind of remind of and stuff
but I ended up putting him back in just
some training pants just because we were
having a lot of poop accidents not P but
poop so but it is good be harder now
that he likes to wear these outfits but
let's take this off let's go potty get
your hair done for school get going with
our day
watch it come out what is that dirt here
it goes
what do you think then that cool my two
older kids
Bonnie's kids are in school my two kids
are home napping Jared's working I need
to go grocery shopping and I'm making a
quick stop at an antique place because
on our bed set downstairs for the guest
room I'm gonna kind of make a little bit
more antique ish I guess you could say I
don't know I'm doing that room up and my
grandma said I have done though that's
velvet I'm going to get it reupholstered
and I am going to do it velvet still and
just because like that's what she had
and that kind of like fits the theme of
what I'm trying to go for as well too so
I'm just here like looking to see what
items they have anything sticks out so
excited to have that room done I think
it's going to be something really fun
and really special it's a brand new week
and that means a lot of stuff in the
backyard the landscaping is getting done
now that the house is like all the way
finished and Jackson is just having a
ball watching these guys work outside
driving the tractor
what do you see bud yeah you see the
tractor going the tractor moving the
dirt is that cool
do you think do you want to drive a
tractor one day that would be fun huh
yeah pick one
I'm gonna drive that truck you want a
tree oh you want to drive a truck - yeah
he is so serious about he's like I'm
gonna do it dad you believe me I'm gonna
do it oh there it goes the kids are back
from school how was school guys good you
guys learn a lot did you increase your
educational value to the society good
job whoo good job guys
so the kids are back from school and we
are gonna do something so fun Ellie has
got this all gathered up ready to go we
are gonna be painting pumpkins sure you
can mix them up a little bit make sure
they're all good and mixed in good so
the question the day is what are you in
the paint Jackson what are you gonna
paint on your pumpkin what are you gonna
paint on your pumpkin I don't know how
to go like color on everything and then
is that Cody what are you gonna pay Oh
like shake on me uh-huh what are you
gonna paint Olivia I'm not sure Jackson
what are you gonna paint green so
luckily we have the extra carrot for
your people this floor wipes I believe 2
bucks yeah
I am too
all right so let the painting begin you
guys got your colors ready oh I got too
much brain
and
and
changed
you
mom is that funny or something what in
the world is going on do you are so
crazy he went across ice here what do
you feel is Olivia your eyebrows look
like mine now it's a masterpiece it's a
masterpiece
we have the final results of the
pumpkins the kids ran off in their plane
right now with all their friends in the
front we've got dr. pepper
we've got Calvin's little pumpkin
Jackson's mine and Olivia is how cute
she did a little Ian J so that was our
pumpkins did you have fun yes you want
to just go play with everyone have a
kiss
oh hey Sam kisses look give me a kiss
we'll go play Piper oh good come on good
give me kiss you are dodging a good so
this is what our house looks like at
6:45 kids are babe Jackson's back in his
Iron Man costume olivia is practicing
the piano with Miss Brown knows herself
Cody what are you doing what are you up
to you hanging out you feeling okay
doing okay yeah you hanging in there
you're not feeling too good
got a little headache you know what
you've been asking something all day
long what have you been asking to do
play video you want to play a video game
I think that'll make you feel a little
better
let's go play a video game what do you
say I'll go get a setup or else I'm good
you'll help god I need help i need
something to reach back behind the
cabinet so you can plug things in for
sound good high five
Oh can't forget this guy hey are you all
clean and ready to go to bed here soon
what is calvin wrestling you oh hey now
we like hey - I'm sorry tell you what
let me kiss it better
no no he's undoing your costume Ironman
hurry run away ooh
already feeling a little bit better I
see I read to film something serious and
all I can see is a clown face right here
but I'm excited because today when I was
running some errands I went to a fabric
shop and I talked with the guy about
reupholstering this chair this was my
grandma's pink velvet chair that she had
for around 10 years then she gave it to
my mom my mom had it for 20 years and
then I've had it for five years so this
chair has held up really nice the intent
really like if I look at it it really
doesn't need to be a pollster like I
mean we could just do a really good
cleaning on it but it looks really good
I mean some of its falling apart that
would just needs a little refresher but
I've been talking to my mom a lot lately
about it and it is something that would
be nice to like spruce up as I'm seeing
the room up so I am going to get it
reupholstered and it's funny right now
and Andrea my my friend helped me design
some of the house and then this guy he's
like yeah
Velvets coming in and I have my two
Ottomans upstairs that are velvet but I
think I'm going to reupholster it was
either going to be about the same thing
like a light pink or I wanted like more
of a rich color and I think I'm going to
go with this purple plum color and it
kind of has like a little effect to it
like there's little specks in it too so
it's not just like a flat color so I
think I'm going to have the chair be
purple and then I have some really fun
like antique artwork that I want to put
on the nightstand and then I
want to put pictures right here of
inspirational women I want my grandma I
want Jarrod's grandma I would even love
it if I could figure out a way maybe
even put like a mirrors on there to like
make a collage wall right there that
would be really fun
the artwork right there make that simple
I have some bedding picked out and then
we could either leave this mirror it
would be even fun to get one kind of
like my bathroom and like put it on the
wall so I have some really fun plans for
this room it's really cozy with the
chair in here there's tons of room so be
great for guests how did you get them
all to sit I'm not even kidding you it's
grab the chairs and it sounds clear um
oh that's the cutest thing in the world
okay good night everyone
okay do you want to know a little secret
I have a secret for you
give me that what's in your hand I need
it hey this stuff right here is like the
best ever like hide shoes are good but
these little heichou bites are like my
favorite that's partially true they're
just like the sweetest little things
ever but they're coming the tiniest
little bags so you eat one you're like
oh I'm halfway done already is this the
time in the vlog where we end it and we
say goodbye to our friends for at least
a short period of time
yeah I think the time has come the
contest is officially over I want to
thank everyone whether you've been
subscribed for years or you've found us
in the past week thank you for coming
along the ride the journey the adventure
that we're going on every single day
over 23,000 of you guys in the last six
days what yes isn't that crazy
welcome to our Channel welcome to our
family sure you want one look at her
face white what are you thinking yeah
thank you guys you guys are so awesome
we have some fun stuff planned for this
year for the rest of the year it's gonna
be great so thank you this is the
perfect time thank you
but for now we're gonna call it a night
thank you for watching hope you enjoyed
the video and we will see you guys
tomorrow I'm doing something awesome
Earl can't wait sure Kate expect Oh
buying brown-nose
