good morning and happy Sunday Calvin is
down for a very good nap Jackson and
Jarrod or downstairs for quiet time
yes Jarrod needs some quiet time but
we're just getting ready for our little
family get-together tonight our table is
not here yet it comes on Tuesday and we
will need some chairs for the summer
outside and part isn't get to go anyway
so we got some lifetime chairs to go
here for everybody to sit and eat and
then I've got this beauty that I'm
excited I'm just folding up some napkins
and we are getting ready for our little
party I'm going to make the casseroles
here in like an hour and we have some
dip for everyone later we've got some
stuff to make a little salad with and
then in here I have just unlike Chex Mix
stuff that I made last night so that's
really a sense of cookies I'm excited to
finally have a dinner at my house we
usually do a lot of celebrations at
Mom's house because it's a nice like a
middle point for all the siblings to
meet up at and Ruby moved into her home
a few years ago and we've had
celebrations they've had celebrations it
and Lincoln bows and Bonnie's and so
it's kind of like yay now everyone can
come to my home and we can have a little
dinner and a little get-together so I'm
really excited hi
good morning you slap all morning long
cow girls the thing is you didn't sleep
last night Casey a hook smash hey not
too soon though come here I'm sorry I'll
give you a hug I'm sorry I'm I'm asking
too much of you right now you caught it
good job buddy yeah I see it
what were you saying I was trying to be
as quiet but as quick as I could to grab
the camera because there was a fly in
the window and he kept on saying come on
little guy
while I was trying to pick him up come
on little guy it was just the sweetest
thing ever and you got him good job I'm
not sure he's still alive buddy got him
so my office is almost done and there's
some really cool things about and some
things that just didn't work out the way
that I wanted it to but nonetheless I
think it's really cool and very exciting
it's it's just the way that I wanted it
to be so let me show you this is what it
looks like right here we're still
waiting for the guitars that go on the
wall and then I've got some art coming
to hang up here and I've got these two
guys here this is our hundred thousand
subscriber plaque and Ellie's hundred
thousand subscriber plaque mine should
be eligible soon for my channel and then
coming out here pretty soon we may be
getting the 1 million plaque and so
we're gonna hang those up here in my
office sometime soon anyway the thing
that I'm kind of disappointed about is I
was so excited about this little trough
system underneath here for the cords but
you can't fit a three-prong cable
through there and that's like all the
computers use so I'm looking to see if
there's anything that I can do to fix
that because without that I'm kind of
stuck with like all of these cables back
here and that's just that's just not fun
that's I was hoping I could have
organized that better and there's
probably a way that I can with what I
have
I just don't know what it is yet I'm
experimenting to find it out I just had
to get this clean because we have family
coming over and I don't have a clean
office from my family when I come over
don't you agree
peekaboo
the family is here and the kid has made
themselves yeah you did oh yeah yes the
kids have made themselves at home
dinner's ready we need to go meet may I
have your attention may I have your
attention
Oh dad will you throw out the Scout
symbol for me please thank you very much
I'd like to welcome you all to the first
annual Meachem household warming party
annual no first and only we're not gonna
make this an annual thing I don't think
are we is this an annual thing no but I
think Elly has all the food ready so I
think we're ready to rock and roll so
we'll start with a prayer and we'll get
to it sound good oh and thank you guys
all for coming I know a lot of you guys
drove a long way so thank you guys we
appreciate your attendance and Elly we
appreciate the delicious food
you know dinner was good when the kids
come back for a second
happy let me see you oh that's the
dessert ha ha he ate through a full
thing of this salad was really good
dinner was great
cuz announcer playing plates are empty
babies their tummies are full and you're
happy
alright that's enough
I've had it up to here if you guys play
without me are you guys having fun I'm
so glad you guys are here what is going
on right here and then she had like a
little bit green oh I bet there's maybe
three green or something back here oh no
it will look like the white right there
yeah is that you guys uh talking
technicalities because you took that art
class
we are right here and I said well Emily
said here artists I said yeah I'll get
there for him on one day a lot of
persons a yes here has to say prayer
Bonnie Joe weekend dinner we have played
it had fun the family as all dad told us
knows he does not have to pray we're all
gathering around getting ready and head
our own way and everyone go home
seriously thank you guys for coming for
dinners with a lot of fun we appreciate
you having someone else this is this is
great
thanks man it was fun Calvin can you
dance for everyone you're in the center
of the circle you've got a breakdance
buddy dance challenge oh look at him
look at it look at outside step
I love it Calvin and Cody he will not
leave him alone ever since party person
I hug jobless like I'm taking any chance
I got he's a cuddly cuddly cow your
embrace always until I can see your
sweet face
mmm yep gotta put your gloves on first
time okay come here I think aunt Bonnie
has something to show you
okay everyone is heading home we're
getting the kids in bed but Bonnie Joel
are leaving on a little adventure so we
are going to have two of their kids with
us for a few nights and part of it and
so they have something for Jackson that
I'm excited I think he's just gonna love
he Jackson he'll disappear housewarming
presents oh my goodness Jackson blue is
bad
Jackson what do you say to aunt Bonnie
and uncle Joel tears please thank you
that was so sweet
I'm kind of like some I want a full-size
of it's all so cute well Bonnie angels
kids are with us the rest of the play
area stuff is coming and then I have
something for Jackson to philosophy mean
it's going to be set up in the costume
department why Ellie told me that she
reserved
that's quite yet to go on the hook so I
was like that's a good idea
yes thank you okay we'll put on I love
it
hey Tony Stark how are ya
good good oh my I'm Andi show me your
superpowers yeah perfect I'm so glad
they're not smaller that is so awesome
give me a spin yeah now fly away I love
that oh my gosh I'm so jealous right now
it's ridiculous okay what is this oh
yeah do it go get it on right now hurry
oh he's done already oh okay Cody take a
look at me yeah
Iron Man vs. Captain America who's gonna
win fight shoot am Iron Man with your
plasma grenades so that begs a question
who wins
Captain America or iron man who are you
voting for you know what I'm gonna do
I'm gonna go out breaking bad on that
hot tub out there Ellie
I've time it's time to mix up some
chemicals that was some ph howie dinner
we showed you if they give us a starter
kit you know what's uh I'm gonna go do
that okay it's all right with you Oh
let's get these kids to bed first and
then we'll get up okay we can do that
kiss adequate backup to actually John
it's hard enough now I had two other
kids okay
you don't want honestly though I think
it's gonna be really great Olivia she
does awesome going to bed we know that
already I think having Cody here is
gonna help Jackson a lot so when Jackson
has sleepover at Grandma's Jackson fell
asleep really fast a faucet and then
slept through the night and Jackson
usually does but just the last three
weeks
he's just been having a hard time going
to bed yeah I'm excited to see what he
wakes up in the middle of the night and
then we'll come up into our room but I
think sends Cody's here they'll sleep
really really well together okay
let's get him to bed so I can call
Breaking Bad Walter what I'm isomeric so
there are a couple housekeeping items
that I want to go over real quick before
we end the vlog I said yesterday that
the giveaway contest ended on Sunday at
midnight actually goes till Monday
midnight Monday Mountain Standard Time
so that's 11 o'clock Pacific time and 2
o'clock Eastern Time even if it doesn't
go like I'm gonna make it around that
time so don't worry all you have to do
is make sure you're subscribed to the
YouTube channel and it's going to be
good I can't think of the other
housekeeping item so I guess there's
only one housekeeping item for tonight
other thing though just thank you so
much for watching guys every day we do
this every day we're excited every day
we're grateful so thank you for watching
be sure to hit the thumbs up if you
enjoyed the video we had a great
housewarming party tomorrow's brand new
week we've got some fun stuff going on
so stay tuned we'll see you guys next
time thanks for watching say bye
I buy
