hook smash mommy folks match mommy folks
match mommy okay do it folks smash mommy
Oh Hulk hug mommy Oh Hulk smash Hulk
smash
okk slash good morning guys happy
weekend I am starting the day off right
where we left it we're down in the
basement taking care of some things
let me show you what we did so far last
night so we've got one red chair a navy
blue chair a table and orange chair a
green chair pretzels and dr. pepper and
football so that's what's going on right
now I have a big task ahead of me that's
going to take a long time so I'm hoping
I can get through a pretty quick but we
are building these up higher with those
it's like a big shelving playing unit
for the kids super excited they
obviously don't know so they haven't
been down here at all today so I'm
hoping they get to see it finished and
our super surprised
all right we've got the bass got the
cupboards crap how do we attach it Ellie
hey Ellie what you're doing here I'm
loading okay well do you want the good
news or the bad news
don't the good news first bad news I
like bad news first
huh I don't think we got everything we
needed for the system for the wall
system either that or it hasn't all come
yet the good news is I built everything
that we have so hopefully they're either
finishing delivering it today but it's
Saturday so I don't know we might not
get everything until Monday
I know the reason we wanted to get it
done today we were actually really
surprised that we got it all today
because it was like seven-day shipping
and it got here in two days so we have a
thing on Sunday a big family
get-together we're kind of have like how
like a war housewarming party yeah yeah
paper yeah you like ten pairs of socks
we're having a housewarming party on
Sunday and we wanted to have this all
done for the kids downstairs I don't
think it's gonna happen I just don't
want with screws installed ooh okay
let's go again I look good does it look
okay I thought that kind of straight
oh no no no so what it's supposed to be
is like that's the base and then there's
like little cubbies right here and then
the cupboards go on top right there well
just like the corner yeah bummer and
like all the artwork up instead are we
to like this is we need to base it the
artwork off of this before we hang the
art because of measurements and all of
that stuff oh yeah this is cute and fun
is that the cutest thing is that the
person's oh that's cute I think it's
okay you just make your out your hair
when your kids a friend some these two
little kids came over and knocked on the
door key Jackson come over and play he's
actually with a babysitter right now
down the street playing with some other
friends while we get some things done
and Calvin nap so that we can get ready
for a little get-together but it's
really cute Jackson left yesterday he
was outside like all afternoon just
playing with friends and that's one of
the reasons why we're here is because of
a neighbor ethic we just love everybody
it's just so nice to be in an area where
those lots of little kids your kids ages
do you love him more than anything
do you love him more than anything
that's so cool so I'm like I think it's
on Jerry could spark a conversation with
anyone he just had like a five-minute
conversation with the this man he had a
Tesla Model X so I you know so they
talked and the guy's like oh yeah take a
ride any time come by asked about a talk
for a minute
you better believe I'm gonna take him up
on that too the guy was like you know it
has a towing capacity - if you need some
to talk you saw we have the trailer on
the back anyway
funny huh yeah I like my minivan though
Tatiana's I really do like this so Ellie
and I are out here in the garage is
cleaning up a little bit more kooky it's
amazing how quickly you can clean
something and how quickly it can become
a mess but we're working on it so it's
all ready for tomorrow now I want to go
over a few things before I forget yes
Ellie I forget quite a lot I know you
don't have to remind me because well
actually you may have to remind me
because I forget anyway so we are doing
this giveaway beauty box giveaway GoPro
giveaway and a Skype session giveaway
the contest ends as you're watching this
video at midnight Sunday at midnight so
you make sure your entries are in and to
enter I have the link down below
subscribe to the channel follow us on
Twitter
comment on the video you know hair oh if
you want a box of our hair what was that
um the show with the Lawrence Brothers I
remember he was like at the very
beginning he cut his hair and the girl
got him a box of his own hair but it
turned out to be like poodle hair or
something like that and he was so
excited because he loved his hair anyway
totally irrelevant just wanted to give
you a reminder and again as we do this
we have to say thank you thank you so
much for getting us to where we are
right now it's so crazy we made the
announcement two days ago and now we're
at nine hundred and ten thousand
subscribers so welcome to all of the
newcomers like this is the journey we're
on the journey right now and you're here
with us and thank you for coming along
are you kidding me right now yeah
are you folks mashing say Hulk smash he
was totally doing it hook smash I feel
like when he learns to talk it's gonna
be all yeah cuz Harry says things I'm
like I know you're trying to say that
hey look smashing down yes oh that's a
good boy Oh hook smash mommy
Hulk smash mommy Hulk smash mommy okay
do it folks - mommy
Oh hug mommy Oh Hulk smash Hulk smash
oak slash oh that's the cutest Hulk I
have ever seen
oh just something sir oh there we go
oh gosh dinging he's so cute with you
are you my cuddly Cal oh yes oh okay
smash Oh today Oh what the heck somebody
is up to no good no good at all what are
you doing talking about me you're up to
no good this is the food I think that
I'm most excited about right now today
in this moment and a huge part about
going to the dump
that was fun enough look at this Thank
You ition I am so excited about this I
have an idea of something that I want
I'm not gonna give it away just yet but
you make it right get money give it away
now I'm gonna start filling it up
because it's gonna take forever to fill
it up and then maybe tomorrow Monday I'm
tomorrow oh oh I think as far as like
feeling it yeah Monday it'll probably be
all set but I've got to start now so
it'll be good okay okay I I'm excited
that's booming we still it off feel this
bad boy yet I'm gonna fill it up can you
imagine how many girl GoPro videos you
know it's gonna be really fun is here
and Utah are neighbors actually put up
their lights today their Christmas
lights because especially where we live
it's like 10 degrees colder than like
the main valley and so it gets freezing
and so what's going to be really fun is
when we sorry I'm already enjoying it
what's gonna be fun is when the snow is
falling yet we're in a hot tub in the
hot tub watching this hot tub slosh pool
like how fun is that gonna be in the
middle of a snowstorm come on in the
water's fine
would that not be so fun it will totally
do that a beautiful mountain range yeah
the hot tub too pretty view look at that
I'm gonna need some help to get out like
I'm gonna need some help I can help me
no you're not Jared wants to bring the
kids out here and I am being a party
pooper I said not yet cuz Jackson I know
he's big he's gonna want to get in it
all the time and I'm not ready for that
right now okay fine well Sean let's roll
show men to build that little secret
it's a giant secret okay I thought you
just threw the hose and the thing we
have us if you put it in where the
filter goes and make sure there's no
like air bubbles that's cool that's what
I was told anyway all right we have
Flowage it's coming uh-huh
oh my gosh at t-minus what 15 hours or
something I'm not even sure how long
this will take that I've got it
I'm gonna keep a good eye on it make
sure we're all good Oh filling up over
there - this is exciting
every time I go to make my pumpkin spice
cookies for fall I go back to the video
that I posted last year and the kids
were so small Calvin was just a little
baby baby but I'm making up some cookies
tonight I have all my stuff measured out
I just need to put together put it in
the oven so that I have a few sheets of
cookies tomorrow because you can't have
a party without some cookies
it's cold I don't know why I'm smiling
we got it filled up it'll take you about
a day to heat up so we're so excited but
thank you guys so much for watching the
video today we hope you have a wonderful
weekend just kidding no I don't think
that this boy's a skinny boy that's
terrific
should we go inside no I'm just get
revved up
