I think this means you've had a fun time
can you can I get a big R R a big R I do
it good morning and happy weekend from
the mountains we are up for wheeling
this morning and it is beautiful and
it's way hotter than we thought like I'm
all decked out and snow gear but it is
crazy hot joÃ«l dad sherry and I are out
having a little fun this morning just to
get out in the fresh air and breathe in
the fresh air I'm grateful that joel has
us do this often because it makes me
appreciate where we live a lot more and
that's one thing that I never want to
take advantage of is the beauty that is
around where we live
excuse me sir can I buy something from
you okay can I get hamburger
okay oh and please smell pickles no
pickles no pickles oh thank you God for
me so much $2 go keep the change mr.
chicken why how much is the chicken only
have a dollar
yeah I need my chicken Hey oh thank you
thank you
hey goodbye to play this all the time
hey um do you guys have any salad yeah
can I get salad without you mister can
you get me Assad okay go get me salad
whoa you're not going to yourself sir I
think you really okay is there how much
like just a few my name is one that
should work no more wrote out this money
hey this is something that we play a lot
they loved the little hole in the wall
and I always knock and you say you say
what can I get for you oh thank you and
I tell what I want and we exchanged
money and food and that's so fun excuse
me guys we have a mandatory check of the
back of the kitchen to make sure it's up
to code and do you know that you are
cooking in this filth
mommy Oh what did it rip did the ball
rip oh you know you guys aren't up to
code we're gonna have to shut shop down
but you have to be closed forever and
you guys are gonna have to be stuck in
it to clean
yeah you play that sad song it's
actually really good okay no get this
place up to code and then I'll come back
okay thanks bye you having a good time
all right while Calvin has scared me huh
just go pump
rot well Calvin naps Jackson I have a
job to do and we need to get all this
stuff organized into here I want to
figure out where camping summer stuff
goes fishing stuff car jacks and stuff
like how it will be organized kind of
like Jared's tools and like the car
straps and stuff should go here because
it's kind of closer to everywhere else
so we got a list to do oh I need to put
my hair stuff away you did that quite
nicely can I see it let's put it away
good job we need to cut your and daddy's
hair too soon
oh so I got sherry on the four-wheeler
yes there's a mud pile right here so I'm
gonna go have her go through it
what do you think was it fun you like it
good
after it still may look a little crazy
and messy but I did get a lot done all
this stuff goes downstairs into like a
storage area this is going in the
kitchen because our table does it come
till next week and then this will be
used for you always can use a table so
this is a nice set that we have so
always keep that these are going in the
cold storage room where extra food
toilet paper products toilet paper will
go this Jared needs to go through that
little pile but I got a lot done this is
our tools his straps this would be
eventually for the dog stuff when we
have a dog like dog food toys whatever
this is camping gear bread this is um
some summer stuff it's pretty empty
summer stuff some Jared's shooting stuff
these four are empty this will
eventually be gardening and outside
stuff we are getting there it feels good
this is fun to me I don't know have fun
to this watch but this is fun for me
Jackson's done are you done or you had
done having you want me to give you a
little bit of tension right now should
go inside okay come on
we are here at Willow Park we're waiting
for aunt Bonnie and her friend and we
are going to play a game it's golf look
so you hold it right here can you step
right here
okay that's to end right here hold it
with your hand and go putt Oh close good
job okay give it to the guy thank you
whoa thank you see thank you
whoa close ok can you try and throw the
ball Kao keep grabbing
Oh throw it like Jack throw it in the
bucket he's like no baby you stand ok
can you throw over this good job we're
here wait for Bonnie and her friend and
everyone's over there we have the whole
party over here to ourselves huh so the
kids are playing a golf and this is such
a cute little park they have animals
they have like little booths out like
books and stuff for fall it's a really
fun kind of place to take the kids right
now dancing and this is a cat this is
cute
Oh see Thank You KCAL can you throw
yours
keep your yours be out there we go you
are so cute oh yeah now just one that's
right just one got your name should get
some food you feed in there whoa
does that hurt just a little bit Wow
whoa looks like you're biting it
toughens trying to give them wine look
put it in the fence and look in there
and not take a bite oh you dropped it
there we go
hold it in your hand did not you did put
it in the fence Cal no not you eat it
whoa I guess IV in my fair share of dog
food my life here nope give it to them
whoa didn't even cry it's a little
frightening here don't give it to him
again oh yeah thank you
Hey whoa
come on give it to her oh I think this
means you've had a fun time can you can
I get a big rawr a big ride
do it oh oh that was so enjoyable
Jackson thank you you were such a good
listener Calvin you or - yes the kids
were very good that was really fun ha it
was cold today and now it's hot Oh oh
hey there quick little recap we got home
from four wheeling Ellie gave us some
amazing haircuts we clean out the garage
a little bit more gave the kids a bath
put them to bed and now Ellie and I are
working on a surprise for the kids I'm
gonna show you what we have so far
look at that cute little orange chair
look at that cute little orange green
chair I'm messing up my colors cuz I'm
tired from lifting all these boxes Ellie
the chair matches your sweater was
really fight and I wish you would have
recorded it out here in the Sun stairs
we were laughing we're falling we were
trying to be quiet and like we dropped
half the box on the horse it was like
the kids are gonna wake up so and then
we've got these things Ellie and I have
some work cut out for us tonight it's
going to be a venture we may up be up
until like 3:00 in the morning I don't
know if we'll set the white one up we'll
definitely set up the table and the
chairs we'll see but that is what we're
doing tonight we're gonna call it a
night
maybe we'll give you an update we'll see
what happens I'm not sure these are the
same chairs yeah this is different
totally different hardware just another
quick reminder we're doing a nine
hundred thousand subscriber giveaway
thank you thank you thank you thank you
details are listed down below subscribe
to the channel click the links all of
that good stuff we're giving away a
beauty box a GoPro and a Skype session
just a a small thank you for you guys
thank you for watching have a wonderful
weekend and we'll see you guys tomorrow
bye Ellie say goodbye to our friends
