it is cold here in Utah look at this
it's called to me it's not quite Frost
but good grief holy cow when we come to
the local grocery store Jackson always
oh and taking a break up candy okay
let's talk about this come here do you
remember when I took your car away and
you had to sit in my cart because you
wouldn't listen
yeah okay I want you to listen so you
can keep your cart so hold on to it
let's put it back I think he will do
better today than last time so he has
this cart oh he's slowly coming he's a
little mad that I didn't get the candy
you got to pick up a few things that I
forgot yesterday because Calvin was
ready for now so garbage bags is first
on our list
hey you cutie what are you doing I hear
some people upstairs so I'm gonna run up
don't you drag that on our floor we
don't have the filth on you Jackson we
don't have the filth on Bunyon hi guys
for you excited yes good smells good
look yeah I think it looks so good
the frame is perfect that looks awesome
and it's just gonna go up right here I
think right up there someone run in
there great job it's gonna look great I
want to do a video on my channel with
these bell peppers because they're so
easy pretty much all I do is I boil the
bell peppers for just a few minutes and
then I stuff them I used rice corn
chicken some enchilada sauce and refried
beans
whoo there we go they're on their cookin
so just click them for like 30 minutes
and they are the best things ever this
is so good
I usually just make a casserole when we
eat the bell peppers and then whatever's
left over I put in here and we'll eat
that as well you feel the crispness in
the air I tell you I felt really weird
buying these straw bail oh they were a
toolbox 1200 reason why I felt bit weird
is because we would buy like hay for the
chicken coop and like a lot of it is
expensive and I just fighting $12 just
front of course since we assume to save
this that's what we're doing is we're
getting a porch all set up for fall
excited this is so fun hey what do you
want to put that even the big one by
Calvin Calvin you open the door Jackson
you put it inside can you open it Cal is
they wrong thank you guys we're getting
this porch decorated oh that's cute John
go bring it up and put it on the hay so
for Christmas I wanted to get these gold
turns and it turned out perfect for fall
and winter
so tonight or tomorrow we're going to
paint pumpkin so this will be much cuter
will have tons of painted pumpkins and
then you have our porch so I got the
lanterns from front gate it's a website
I just found and I got the hay and the
decorations and said Jackson's
contribution thank you and but then I
got all the decorations and stuff from
Hobby Lobby so this is a road for joy I
really like it so one of the very first
videos that we did in the new place was
an empty house tour before we had any of
the furniture and we showed you exactly
like where everything was or where
everything was going to be now we have
furniture in it and it's for the most
part all decorated but before we show
you that Andrea came in because she is
going to be doing a lot of photography
high on her website she has she hires a
photographer and takes pictures of her
work so be high count so right now she
has a lot of her stuff in here and some
props so not all of this is going to
stay for ours so when we're done we're
kinda gonna put just a few of our things
in here but I just wanted to show just
like a preview kind of what it looks
like everything is like set up I look
how cute this is the Andrea set up I
think that looks so beautiful but here
in a minute we're gonna show everything
everything all right are you guys ready
for this this is it everything for the
most part is done and you guys are about
to see it upstairs that's the key word
upstairs and then part of downstairs
okay ready for this let me introduce the
dream team this is Andrea you guys have
heard a lot about her but you've also
seen a lot more of her on my channel so
the last several months like eight
months I think we are figuring is quite
sound Andrea on house and I was like I
know what I want
I like styles but I don't know how to
finish it I'll put together so we have
been sending emails that before tucks
back and forth and today
yes lots of pictures and today doing the
final touch of the final install yeah
when all together so she's been doing
like the greenery where pictures will go
so it's been really a fun process and
it's been very helpful and I've learned
a lot so we're excited to show it share
with you guys the final now there's a
lot of this that you guys may have seen
like from the vlog and everything but
it's all finally put together like all
the finer details so that's what we want
to show you is all of those good things
and then the whole big picture well
we'll start with the entry room so this
is the entryway it's the first
impression that you get inside the home
so we wanted this to feel open and eye
catching so we brought it a 60 inch
mirror off you got a 60 inch TV a 60
inch mirror and we are bigger than our
arms and I like this because I can check
my alpha before I walk out the door I
really enjoy this jared helped
coordinate the colors as well we had a
few option so I'm glad to be stuck with
the Blues I love that after the entryway
I think this is like my favorite part of
the house and I may have mentioned that
before but just the view that you get
when you come in here to like the great
room I'm about to show it mm I just
loved the nice open concept we
originally had two chairs here but I
really wanted it a little bit more open
so I loved how it turned out so I asked
Ellie and she wanted to have some live
plants in her home in design you can
incorporate some fake plants along with
some real plants I always awkward the
majority of live plants because it gives
you an element of something that's live
in this space and adds a lot of texture
and color I'd have to talk about my
favorite thing in the living room and it
is these two tuft Ottomans so when we
were figuring out the design on Anderson
over a few options of like coffee tables
and I wanted the kids to be able to like
sit and be comfy and jump and move and
play iin dedup finding these I think on
Horchow Jackson already pushes these
apart plays with them
we can put them in front of the
fireplace we can move on my hair for
extra seating to let them to when they
still serve as a place we can put your
feet up you can put drinks or books on
so it's still functional and the kids
the thing that I love about the kitchen
is that it's just so clean and inviting
this countertop just says come sit at me
and we don't have a table just yet but
that's coming but I really also like the
lights over the top and then just little
accent pieces like this are really cool
we just put our fruit in a little bowl
our barstools are coming we're keeping
this one sits high up for the kids but
the rest I love that they're blue these
are from Target so we have some more
coming for the rest we also added these
little rugs do you call these rugs
little mats just to be in front of the
fridge and the sink because there's more
standing vertically perfect with the
colors yeah our bedroom is something
that I wanted romantic and that is
totally something that the bathroom it
was executed perfectly good um I love
how romantic it feels and I wanted it to
be like very Ellie and Jared we have a
chaise coming right here this
specifically is my favorite thing and it
actually was something that I turned
down when Andrea said that we should do
a console table I said no don't no but
she talked told me what we would do with
it and I was a little bit more excited
about it I do have a lot of trinkets
from that I had growing up and this is
my favorite part is about this process
was using some of my own personal items
into the house these are our wedding
albums these are pictures of my family
those are some of my cousins these are
just like some sweet things that I've
had growing up that I was able to
incorporate into the house that I
finally would have been able to like
showcase some of like my personal items
our master bathroom is absolutely
stunning and romantic it is something
that I really wanted to have just
perfect for Jared and I at the end of
the day I always take a bath and I just
think that this is very calming very
romantic very subtle I love how we're
able to incorporate read because I think
that read is a very romantic color but I
could doggie Geritol take baths with me
seriously like we've only been here a
few days and I probably taken more gas
than I normally do which I normally take
a lot of haha we mentioned that we like
the pop of color like we have a lot of
silver in the house but then we have
these lights that have gold in them but
now we have these pops of red and I just
think those are like the coolest things
and we've got the red and gold we've got
the gold mirror and everything these
mirrors and the the picture and
everything just make the bathroom feel
bigger and I like that
yay is completed almost I want to put a
few little pictures right on his little
shell do we have a lot of just little
things that mean a lot to us
in Calvin's room a sweet view our
friends made this and kids I talked to
our head the other day that she's
selling these to help with her adoption
Calvin wants to get in his bed he is
very tired I'm just excited to get a
final a big picture I promise I will get
a picture of him in there but the kids
rooms feel very complete hi George Oh
should we go see Jackson's room give
George a kiss first
see see it
my DZ is your blue thing that's right do
you like that Jackson's room is complete
I'll add just like a little picture here
there of him a little picture of Jesus
and a little boy is really cute that I
found I'll put right here but Jackson's
room is finalized and his little pill is
missing but it feels very at home very
put together absolutely love this shelf
a lot of these items I have in the
closet and Andrea thought it would be a
cute idea to get it out of here and
display in which again is something
definitely fun to learn how to do is
like to put books as decor and I just
think that it's put together very nicely
so that is like our the main rooms that
we have all finished we've still got
like the kids play area to go the
basement isn't there's not a ton to do
left in there and then the bedrooms you
know those are guest bedrooms so we're
probably not going to go as decorative
in those ones as we are these ones right
now so we couldn't have done this
without Andrea so Thank You Andrea and
Erin I just like to have it
well we client gift we were just really
grateful that you would have us on this
thank you so much for picking my gosh I
know there's a lot of different people
out there and we're just so grateful
we're able to be a housewarming gift so
we have Ellie and Jared Mike's we try to
go more masculine forever and then so
this is for your hardwood floors Oh is
your so this will just be getting a
little touch-up kit and they're some
gummies for Jackson oh you know you like
Dr Pepper oh this is dr. better to
better or not oh my gosh I you know I've
seen that before but I don't think I've
ever had it before we have either so
thank you so much for having seriously
thank you Mike
this has been awesome like so great
we've learned a lot yeah all of our
little items are in and place like we've
done cooking it feels like home let us
know it actually tastes like Dr Pepper I
miss Bennett otherwise we'll get you
real document kids are in bed scratch
that count Abed Jackson's Dodgers
playing in this little hello room but
he's being a good little boy we just
want to say thank you guys for watching
not only today but every day today we
just hit nine hundred thousand followers
that's crazy I still think it's weird I
think it's cool it's exciting I remember
telling Jenna's like oh we might hit a
hundred but we had never hit 300 and
then we hit three and was like oh wow
then we hit five and now we're at nine
it's so cool thank you guys for wanting
to be
a part of this this has been so fun to
document this for us to share with
others to hear your stories for our
family to like see the cousins playing
to see aunts and uncles like this is
something that our family cherishes and
it's really special it's very humbling
that nine hundred thousand people in
this world have an interest in us and
our family thank you thank you for
tuning in every day thank you so much
for supporting us thank you for being
there for us
you know decorations are really fun it's
fun to share because it's something that
it's always fun to work on Pinterest
look at our friends you all have to
decorate their porch or something but at
the end of the day it's stuff and like
my family is what matters and I'm really
grateful that we've been able to like do
this and just share and it's just it's
been really fun and but I do like my
lantern but you know what I mean like it
it's fun but I love my two little kids
that are in bed I'll turn this supposed
to be in that well and and thank you for
being a part of our family everyday like
that's the other thing is just like we
talked about you guys like as you are
our family so welcome to our home now
real quick to show a very small
appreciation we are doing a giveaway
it's very quick it's very easy it's very
simple we are giving away a beauty box a
GoPro Hero 5 and a Skype session okay
sorry about that as we were saying we're
going to be giving away a beauty box a
GoPro Hero 5 and then a Skype session I
have all the information down in the
link down below so check it out really
all you have to do subscribe to the
YouTube channel leave a comment down
below and thumbs up this video and
that's pretty much all you have to do to
enter so with that thank you again and
we are going to call it a night Jackson
do you want to take it away for us what
do you say thanks for watching
I say hi guys hi
what do you want to tell him you did
today yeah hey did you take your friends
all night long hands wha you ride your
bike want would you eat for dinner
uh yeah yeah me then hold it up esidisi
goodbye goodbye
