do you know what day it is Jackson black
no it's pumpkin day Mouse its pumpkin
day
good morning guys it's a beautiful thing
look that blue sky it's gorgeous you
guys remember that one time I almost
died on the four-wheeler it's been a
couple times let me remind you the time
that I rolled the four-wheeler with dad
and Bo coming to help me anyway what
happened was there's some oil spilling
in the filter show Joel and I took it to
get it fixed and it is now ready to be
picked up Joel is getting the ramps and
I am getting on the four-wheeler and we
are gonna take this bad boy home in the
new garage
back up just a bit
that's good
perfect so this is the second time I
think that I've been towing the
four-wheeler with the minivan I have a
brand new trailer hitch because I'm not
borrowing just anymore so I'm anxious to
see how everything feels and everything
but I can't like this is like so fun for
you just to see this right here like how
good does that look
I love it good little minivan little
this thing is awesome
Calvin and I are feeling much better
today he's really upset cuz he wants to
film he really wants to film we are
making the big grocery haul so I am
getting tons of cans tons of things that
we need for the house that we do not
have and a few meals that we are going
to make it this week but Calvin is my
little helper while daddy and Jericho
look at security systems okay why say hi
okay now it's your turn mommy filmed now
it's your turn okay hi guys
good job I tried Klein Jared and he
didn't answer
he's playing rich accident for the best
by that's cute
so that's how you answer your phone cute
I'm so glad that I am not sick anymore
because I finally have been able to go
out and go grocery shopping and stock
the cupboards and cameras you can't
slaughter off my face but it just it
feels good because I'm not living off of
soup right now so I'm at a grocery
shopping I have like two or three items
I'm gonna make the next few days and
then I'll go back rush for shopping
because we're having a big family party
on Sunday and so a lot of the items that
I use a lot like black beans corn maize
a lot of this enchilada sauce for my
casseroles and stuff so all the stuff
that I use kind of a lot of I bought for
Kansas so I at least have some on stock
and then on this row I have just some of
my baking goods like rice broth just
some of like the baking items that I use
then these are empty and then right here
this is like breakfast that I have I
bought this today and this it's like
granola stuck so I like to eat a lot of
yogurt this is like breakfast items and
then this right here is kind of our
snack items I saw these two - the Apple
Cinnamon bite they looked really good in
it
I bet the kids would like those so I've
got some of those for the snacks so
there is the start of the pantry they're
trying to have just food is in here and
then out here is just all dishes and
then in this cupboard I need to transfer
my spices but I'll have spices in here
and then up here like the liquid stuff
that I will use when I am cooking so
pretty much all the cooking items will
be in there so it was really good to get
things put away organized clean we're
not sick
kids are not being and the food is
stocked Jared's outside is working why
are you out here look at all these
tweets I'm getting about this right just
go live today someone else's
refrigerator I don't know it must be
shared on Facebook that's funny hundreds
of these like a look at that that's
hilarious
that's hilarious I think maybe later
this evening we'll go get some pumpkins
and paint I can't stop there I have to
show you guys the fridge - I've been
looking at so many YouTube channels
about how they organize their fridge
it's funny how when you get into your
own home you're like excited for your
fridge but I've been looking at how
people organize theirs and how they have
their milk and eggs in the center that's
the cold it's regulated right there but
anyway if you don't have a whole ton in
here yet but I'm making stuffed bell
peppers tonight so I have those and then
my rice and stuff I have some chicken I
need to put in there as well but that's
the start
the very first haul so Kevin woke up
from his nap oh you found the key and
I'll take those away something really
special for me I cannot even believe
that you're letting me have it but this
is and even better this is a picture
I've been telling you guys about for
months that my grandma painted and this
is probably one of her first pictures
she painted after we did our paint class
I feel very grateful that I am able to
have it thank you so much and mom also
brought up this aren't when I was little
Julie and I were fighting and I pushed
it over and I cracked it and that broke
and I remember like a week went by and
Julie like I need so long that you broke
it and so I told mom so Julie didn't
have to I remember crying and I told you
and you said it's okay it's okay and I
was like oh I should just told her my
broken that's cute so she gave this to
me so thank you mom that I just feel so
so cool that I have some really sweet
things that were grandma's do you know
what day it is Jackson black no it's
pumpkin day mouse
it's pumpkin day we have decided that we
are going to kick it as a family at the
pumpkin patch are you ready boys whoa
we're gonna have so much fun we took the
kids last year Calvin was just the
littlest thing I think we just had him
strapped to us and we're gonna take it
the boys back to the same place
so he'll be tons of fun they have like a
little haystack there's some corn
there's a maze it's gonna be great
Jackson oh do you remember when we were
here last time I think we got stuck
early sided I'm ginormous compared to
this little maze I think it's just for
kids
you coming let's go
I got I got this one is that the one
you're picking that's the cutest little
pumpkin I've ever seen I think they call
these gourds I think it'd be good to
fill the hopper the lamppost things yeah
that'd be fun yeah you want to okay oh
no he just took a big fine okay okay
okay oh my guess we're in a mud bath oh
don't slip Calvinists caves when we're
trying to chase after oh no dangerous
dangerous
there are deer all the time oh it's not
focusing but that's a buck that's a big
that's a buck oh my gosh was he pooping
we had headlights we see dere a lot but
that was a bug probably the biggest
adjustment that I've had to make
personally moving into this new house is
something a little bit more difficult
than I ever thought I have no idea what
light switch does what and I have to go
through and I flipped like 15 different
light switches to get them to work so
for example this one I expect it to do
something over there oh but not but not
the overhanging things those ones what
the nope
okay that makes sense I have no idea
where these light switches go but I will
figure it out I am determined to know
where every light switch goes Calvin is
out dishes are done Jared a singing
Jackson a little lullaby
favorite car
the doggy honking I just sat down and
I've been catching up on some of our
friends as YouTube videos and I just ate
the amuse to cinnamon roll from my
neighbor she brought us over some and I
may eat another one right now but for
now we are going to say goodnight
tomorrow we have a really fun day with
the house a photo shoot it's gonna be
really fun so stay tuned for that if you
guys want to just hit the subscribe
button so that you can see our videos
that we post every day and we'll see you
guys tomorrow bye
