good morning guys allow me to introduce
myself my name is dr. Jared Meachem and
I'm here to help you but not just yet
I'm here to help this young lady first
this is the first time Elly has been up
today she's not been feeling good at all
you still look good though
Calvin is doing a little bit better but
he still has a little bit of a bad
diaper every once in a while but he's on
the mend I feel it in his attitude is
personality he's just been playing all
morning so that's good so we're kind of
just hanging out here there's a lot of
stuff going on around the house and it's
totally changing the look I mean even
just like pillows and blankets being put
on the couch looks great hey no no no no
I'm not done with you I'm not done with
you how are you feeling I'm afraid if I
tickle you too much you might put your
pants good morning did you enjoy your
nap oh you going in here okay I'll close
the door okay
hey Jackson that's the wrong box buddy
I'm kidding I'm kidding should we open
that box buddy we just got some boxes in
the mail he was so excited to open him
so he got some other ones that were over
there he's like don't open this box if
we just watch him bum-bum-bum all the
way down here I couldn't help but resist
like I had I had to make him do it
anyway we're just getting something set
up down here in the basement for the
kids playroom we made a big mistake I
could have sworn we ordered all the play
thing that holds all the toys and I
guess we didn't so we just ordered it
today but we're gonna get some of the
shelves set up and get it going down
here do you like sushi the kids love the
air Tennessee
yeah Calvin has been climbing in that
like crazy the electrician is upstairs
and they figured out why my office
didn't have any power the reason is
there was an outlet that was covered by
the cabinet people and because that's
not a closed circuit that won't work and
so they're cutting that through right
now and I will finally have my office
and I will finally have my refrigerator
full of delicious beverages and I will
finally have internet in my office and
I'll finally be amazing Jackson just
videa gaymes
has the videa gaymes in it okay there's
a coupe that does Beth Oh
quick side note it's October so that
means we're watching hocus pocus on TV
okay we're watching hocus pocus because
it's Halloween time okay everyone
all together I need you to do this for
me everyone cross your fingers because
we're about to try again three two one
are you kidding me um let's see okay
let's try it again
okay round two keep your fingers crossed
fate
that's what I like to see mr. Calvin mr.
Calvin his favorite thing to do is look
at the windows hi he's been feeling so
much better and he's been playing in
this little nug I just keep coming in
here finding him in there
oh I forgot about that I have a cover
let's go get it I have been looking
everywhere for the camera and I cannot
find it it is three o'clock and I am
finally just getting out of off the
couch my stomach is hurt so bad today
and nothing's come of it and so I
honestly was like it must be a kidney
stone
it was just killing me my back was
hurting but I'm feeling a little bit
better
Jarrod went out to go grab some stuff to
take all of our boxes out so I have
enough energy to do a little bit I've
been trying to get some of the trash
outside and I set up our vacuum we got a
Dyson vacuum you guys recommended that a
lot on Twitter and we actually got it
stolen it was delivered to our front
porch and like three weeks went by I'm
like where is it in our old place and we
contacted them and they said it was
delivered and it must have got stolen
but they sent us another one they were
really good to work with and then I have
a little mop that I set up so that's
about as much energy as I have right now
so all vacuum here and a little bit but
Andrea my friend that's been helping me
design the place her and her husband
were here all day kind of setting up so
we're gonna do a photo shoot on Thursday
and what I really like about it is she
brings some stuff in for her photo shoot
and she takes it back or if I like so
the items I can purchase them one item
she has is a mirror right here with like
a vase and I really think it's cute but
I'm probably not going to buy that off
of her because what I loved about these
is I want the kids to be comfortable on
them like jump off of them play on I'm
Jackson like scoots in between their
employees so even though this is more
like a formal living room I still want
the kids to be able to like play so I
probably won't get that but I'll show
you the bedroom the master bathroom is
extremely romantic look at that
the red right there above the tub I just
think is stunning like I just think you
guys know me I love my onion for a lush
ball right there I love my lush staff
and I just mean that so romantic
I'm excited for her to come and do her
photo shoot and I think in the picture
right here Jared and I when we are
dancing and I was in that little red
outfit I think I'm going to put right
there because that was a really fun time
Jared and I really grow closer together
when we were learning our dance and
practicing something that would be a fun
picture right there to have in our room
and it's a little touch of red to add to
the romantic theme that we're going for
are you gonna mop my floor Cal you're
feeling better he's been eating
seriously this morning's been rough but
we're all feeling a little bit better
nothing like breaking in your new house
with a bunch of stickies Ellie come here
you'll be so proud of me you will be so
proud of me
look I did it I pee in Ellie okay for
those of you who have never driven with
a trailer backing is backing up is a lot
harder than you think this is like I
have zero zero zero experience with it
so lay me some slack okay okay this goes
there ready go
raining it's raining oh my god okay
alright we've got the whole family in
the van are you guys ready to rock and
roll we've got the van loaded too look
at all that stuff in their back ok
trailers loaded we are going to the
recycling center and I think they're the
dump is nearby - we're gonna recycle all
these cardboard boxes and get rid of
them so it's all clean
I have something to show you so this is
in front of our house
all of that is stone pavers that they
are going to be using in the backyard
and then this guy's that right there
yeah
look at the topper that's cool that is
for the kids back yard
what is that Jarrod that is the hobbit
hole that's a hobbit hole so when they
were starting to do all the rock work in
the back I said I would love to have
some sort of hobbit hole where the kids
can go in and play but I told them I
said if it's a huge issue if it's like
just if you guys can do it and you want
to do it let's do it but it won't be the
end of the world if we don't have that
and they were so excited and they have
put in a lot of work and they have that
made so that is that tunnel is going
into the rock and the kids are gonna
have a hobbit hole to play at even has a
topper so cool I'm excited I'm excited
for the backyard the guy who is helping
us do this he's like my aunt or his
cousin or something like that has the
same exact thing and the kids what they
did was they took paint brushes and
painted all the inside oh really Wow I
think that'd be a fun idea - yeah he
gave us some really good suggestions for
what are you saying
we just got the cart knock on my own
house not gone my old house Fergus stay
here don't worry we are not going to the
old house we are six thousand one
hundred and forty pounds that's with the
trailer and all of our stuff well I know
how much it's a start
you should stop drinking dr. pepper I
know how much the trailer weighs so when
we're done and I'll subtract it and
figure out what the van weighs I tweeted
out earlier today that I had the camera
and I was about to film this awesome
clip and I opened it up turn it on and
no memory card no memory card it's the
worst thing in the world as a vlogger to
open it up and not have a very card it's
almost as bad as the battery but what I
was trying to film was some cuteness of
me and Jackson you ready to show them
what we're gonna do okay
so at Walmart they have the new self
checkouts and they have cameras on them
and then like a little monitor so you
can see yourself and Jackson saw the
camera and he started dancing like crazy
so Jackson step back here hi guys now
dance like you did in the store
yeah hey I just thought it was funny so
that was our dance session hope you
enjoyed it
thumbs up if you did so would you want
to dance session dance Calvin dance ki
dance oh he wanted to dancing with us
and though he said don't be sad oh mama
we'll make you better
oh and in case you're wondering why we
look so dapper we just had a meeting at
our church and we just got put in charge
of our church's Christmas party over 300
people will be there and we are
organizing it so Ellie and I are like
super excited to like have this we're in
a brand new ward a part of our church
and we're going to meet all these people
it's just going to be a ton of fun so
we're very excited about that we have
our dance moves we've got our house it's
getting together put nicely and they're
very excited Jackson are you excited all
you're going into the tray room no
treats right now it's a bedtime
you can treat remove good time okay can
you say good night to these guys Calvin
can you say good night to these guys
thank you guys for watching and we'll
see you tomorrow bye
