you going to go for it you get a jump
jump for it what you want me to move
Woody's hat is this what he's had
you
Kalvin this morning we have a lot of
stuff going on at the house and bonnie
has been really nice to let us come over
and bond at her house your singing and
Calvin has been such a sick sick little
boy and lots of cuddles he just woke up
from a huge nap he fell asleep on
Bonnie's bed watching the movies so he
just woke up hopefully he'll feel a
little better today but he still just
kind of wants to do his thing just lay
there so we're just hanging out in the
basement watching shows playing with
toys and Calvin is drinking lots of
liquids he doesn't really want to eat
anything he's eaten some saltine
crackers and but mostly mostly Pedialyte
that's what Calvin has been drinking Hey
we finna the better uncle plays a toy
take it a hug and cuddle I'm cuddly on
my nap
John them it up my name inna put your
head down no Calvin sit good morning
guys it is a beautiful beautiful day it
has been pouring down rain for the past
like two days it's been crazy there's
water everywhere but that doesn't mean
it's a bad day it's a great day oh my
gosh here we go
we just had some good news they're
coming right now we're having a lot of
furniture being delivered for like the
basement and they're just pulling up so
I've got to go
you
oh right this is the first food he has
the end not all yesterday just like a
cracker and he's actually really
enjoying soup mom or she kind of all
over the place you got some cinnamon oh
he's like oh hi guys
we're getting some food in you and
you're a little more lively because you
can function another bite hmmm Oh got so
yummy get some soup in you knuckle
better friends ah ah
you are talking he has not acted this
huh this lively oh no we don't stand
yeah just sit you want another bite
alrighty I've been waiting to do this
here we go oh that wasn't quite the
entrance I wanted but I had to navigate
through all the furniture together this
is where couch guy's couch came I'm so
excited to sit in it
look at that it's really close we just
did it so we could move things around
it's gonna move over from there but I
think it looks great looks so cozy and
comfy and I can't wait to cuddle with
Ellie on it I can't wait to come with
you
Ellie we're gonna watch movies and
cuddle there's gonna be lots of cuddling
going on I like to call oh my good yes
it's different like when you scoot it
back obviously I like it yeah I got
maybe a little more way Jared
we have what do you think of that look
at this
quarters Jackson is jumping around it's
like that's what it's for
I haven't been on it yeah you want to
take it illipe good I just like coming
down for a nap my stomach feels sour so
I'm just gonna like kind of love that I
literally just said that you and I are
gonna do a lot of cuddling on this couch
yeah tonight watch a movie to the
fireplace on oh yeah for the last few
months we've done a lot of online
shopping looking online a lot and it's
been really fun to see what we have
ordered what it actually looks like we
totally thought this is more Brown was
gray I really like it and this I could
have sworn it was brown but I loved it
so it's just kind of fun to see what the
different this is exactly the way we
thought because we actually sat on
members yeah Jackson always takes his
cars and on none of them along
everything he loves it you gonna go for
it you gonna jump jump for it what you
want me to move Woody's hat is this what
he's had that is the cutest thing ever
Jackson thinks this is Woody's hat ok
I'll move it if that's what he's hat
what's this ice cream
three days is long enough the neighbors
do not want to see me taking a bath any
more woods really bright this is where I
take a bath and this is Rick the
neighbors are take that down these are
blind people literally can see right
into our window so we finally are
getting around to getting our roman
shades that we ordered these so chair
will you do the honors I will attempt to
do the honors there's no guarantee or
promises with the quality of my
placement for three days I think we've
got a lot put together already it helped
that the holding company that had a lot
our big items they set it up like HIPAA
mirror here they set up our bed they
even came with a cute baby this is the
happiest he's been all day
and Jack said where did you run to oh
you found blue toys
sister finger kissing the song fail
never mind let's take a card the major I
swear this is happen more than I would
like this is our first house fail is
that what this is
we've had a lot of this I mean if you're
look I thought we measured if you stay
right here you're good but you can't be
on either side oh my god not the ring
they're really good they'll probably I'm
sure it'll switch it out for us
oh well since that was a major fail we
move on to Calvin's room where I think
we're a little bit more confident we're
gonna set up the blinds here and then
Ellie has a tepee or something
look oh it's a nook oh thanks Courtney
and she makes these himself in and she
uses all the money from his adoption oh
I was fun meeting with her talking to
turn and he is called that she makes
these so people love them yes what do
you think could unite them do you like
him too corny do such a good job she did
it looks so cute thank you
it's a lot Courtney I hope this opinion
goes well with you and your sweet family
yeah like go under the water
okay go underwater Oh
it's a good song what other song are you
gonna see okay let's hear it that's so
good
it has been a long day with a little
toddler sick Jerez trying to get them
all gathered to sing a goodnight song
they keep running off we're trying to do
a song
no you're you goodnight here you pick it
up great huh good night
good night
I think we are going to say good night
to you guys Kelvin is very much better
he's eating so I think he's on the mend
thank you guys so much for watching
today you want to say anything um it's
just been a crazy day today crazy few
days yeah you haven't been feeling very
good but we've been getting a lot done
around the house and it's just been
getting settled yeah getting so I think
that's why one of the more fun parts
about this the whole packing up and
everything that's fun but this is like
where we like getting everything in this
play sounds like the most fun to me
anyway so that's what I have to say
thank you guys so much for watching I'll
see you tomorrow bye
