so today is Sunday and on our Sunday
videos we usually try and do a one-take
or have it be more low-key because we
are at church and spending time with
family but today we wanted to show you
guys our house tour video this is the MA
time walkthrough of the MV so behind us
this is our front door and we're gonna
go in and we're gonna walk through the
whole house and show you everything as
it is right now empty and this is like
that we we barely just walked in so this
is like the first time we're seeing
everything done to also Jer and I have
filmed the whole process of us building
we have filmed the process on her blog
channel and on my channel and at the
very end once everything is installed on
Ellie's channel and on my personal
channel we're gonna go in detail as far
as how we've installed everything in
what we installed and do it another room
update on those rooms that's good
let's go open it up
look at the floor they finished the
floor last night they've got all the
lights in here the office this is my
office we walk through the front door I
would like to see our master bedroom
yeah chase over there so basically as
you walk in but you walking in here it's
really a nice open concept you have the
kitchen living room the staircase is one
of my favorite features of the house is
something that I really wanted to have
as a focal point so I'm really glad that
we were able to incorporate that in the
house design and then you walk in there
is a nice open hallway we have a
bathroom and two bedrooms so we're going
to Calvin's room so this is going to be
Calvin's room or maybe future baby room
so I really like the brightness in here
I think it's huge open I love this
window here and then we have the closet
which we actually don't have the knobs
on quite yet this is Calvin's burn we
have a bathroom right here this is the
main upstairs bathroom and the tile
looks great I was a little nervous how
the green would turn out but it looks
really nice and the countertop I think
looks really great too one of my
favorite is is the green tile next would
be the green here this course we've also
got this really unique light fixture up
top and you'll see that I was kind of
like a theme throughout the house
here is a new closet for your cursor oh
well thank you my good lady now this is
the master bedroom
all carpet and everything nice and we
have six can lights in here and some
really beautiful windows so you can see
the beautiful mountains and the Sun rise
up I just think this is like one of my
favorite parts about it and that's one
of the big reasons why we pick this law
is because of the view now going into
the bathroom okay contain your ears real
quick Ellie may scream a few times
that's great um this is a very different
setup that we have done so you walk in
and we have our soaker tub and we have
our his and her speak and things will be
changed in the plan a lot with the
toilet Jared and I are very I guess are
different from hearing a lot of your
guys's comments well you guys with the
done or not have done I don't like a
small door for toilet
I personally you already have a door to
the bathroom here that's close I don't
need any more privacy in my own little
toilet
and Jared I like to talk all the time
you know I'm going to the bathroom in
the tub at this time use the bathroom oh
come on we're showing you our personal
space here so anyway I didn't want it
closed off so we just have a half a half
wall for privacy here but instead of
having it closed off room that's where
the bathroom is and we are waiting are a
little granite top right now
a little top right yeah this is probably
my favorite part of the bathroom this is
our shower so you come in here and you
turn and you've got to show hands you
guys have been watching us for over
three years and one of the things that
Jarrod I used to always talk about was
Jared said but I have my home I'm going
to have the best out in the world and
that's what you wanted yes so I play in
designing this and I'm very happy
we've got his and her cubbies for
detergent shower detergent shower gel
you know all that stuff shaving all he's
got a little wet so she can rest her
foot up here if she needs to shave her
legs or anything like that and then we
come over here into our closet and this
is really cool and I'm glad that we did
this for LD because it's unique it's
different it's fun and she will love it
this is her built-in vanity so she can
sit down and do makeup what where we got
our life I think these ones were from
house but all of our light fixtures are
gold but then everywhere else in the
house is just can't lie yeah so you see
those same light fixtures but smaller
from the first bathroom and then a very
similar one over here I really like that
there's a window in the closet because I
feel like that will bring in all my
natural light and then this is a
his-and-hers closet oh my god this is
the first time we're seeing some of this
guys like
the hardware so I I love I asked him if
they can round it and make this whole
softer and they're like it looks really
great your guys could you guys please
hide in the corner Matt and Joel this is
the great room the living room in the
kitchen couch here the couch chair two
chairs here yep and yes eventually the
Christmas tree will go right there great
space for kids to run around for us to
talk with family we have four bar stools
right here that are navy blue which is
people tie into a whole hour scheme the
color scheme is really light and ready
but when we get our furniture in here
we're going to be adding a lot more
color in contrast you can see the gold
light fixtures again kind of a theme
throughout I'm right here we are going
to have our table and so we'll have our
family table here your chairs and then
this is really big
I'm excited about the most is just like
Vienna kitchen and cook a really big a
two-year-old this is this is a really
great what do they call it farmhouse
sink
it's a white cast iron I'm very excited
about that
oh wait let's see
it's ready but it's not turned on yet
and then we've got our stove top here
the hood our refrigerator
our stove and microwave and counterspace
picking out all these items like the
countertop in the tile we have separate
videos on my channel that we've done and
this room I'm honestly a little nervous
to show it it's very very good I just go
awkward well it's not is it's it wasn't
an original part of the plan it just
worked out this way so love with this I
could do a happy dance pee my pants
but this is the pantry and that's it I
cannot wait to like be in here moving
and so excited so originally the pantry
is not supposed to be this thing but
because of our elevation and the stairs
that are going down from it added all of
this right here over so right here I put
quartz talked and I had them put an
outlet right here that could have like
my big kitchen items like a Kitchen Aid
a blender or a toaster that way they're
like already out and if I eat if I want
to which I apply wheel take them in
there user but that way they're stored
right here and when you open the door
this is like a pretty sight I'm growing
up my mom like when we'd open up closets
we would have some of our knickknacks
like showing that way it was I kind of
presentable now so you have a so cute
things up here my cookie jars are kind
of make it more homey and presentable on
that just throw at my Ollie's over here
is the mudroom you walk in from the
garage and you come in here and we have
a bench in some like some places between
your coats up here and then we have some
lockers here and
especially my favorite I need sure that
they did this I didn't have a box house
about here you said you were going to
bring them back did so you open these up
and these are individual lockers for the
kids for us if we ever want to store
likes no clothes and yeah and I'll tell
you here in a second but this is the
laundry and I'll get into that but the
whole thing that was cool about this is
we redesigned it we said that we didn't
like bathrooms that were have closed
doors well in the original design you
walked in and the bathroom started here
and ended here and what we did if you
come in we just turned the entire toilet
around and we've got a toilet right here
and a sink right here so we turn it into
a half bath with the laundry room and
we're still waiting on the dryer but I
love the color that we picked in here
and it goes really well with the tile
this is huge tile and it looks so good
we've got some place to hang some
clothes in a little station here I think
Ali did a really great job thank you
this I'm just excited to have this a lot
of people were also like quiet twin
little under I get that's hot yes your
way yeah we had it in my house all
growing up and you had in your house all
growing up and that's one of the cool
things about this whole process is
seeing the different cultural
differences and even in the United
States how houses are built differently
like here in Utah and Washington we have
basements and we live in them you know
that's yeah California you know I am
really happy with how this turned out
the mudroom originally was very small a
small bathroom and then the laundry room
so I'm glad that we're able to open it
up and make this space more better for
us so they just finished carpeting last
night and it actually it just is pulled
the whole house together like it's home
it's crazy
let's follow me into this one okay so
this is our like filming room this is
Ellie's office if you will it's your
craft room it's all of that so we'll do
a lot of crafts from Utah know you guys
autograph
so this is this is like Ellie's face to
be feeling she's got some really great
storage in here and we're going to set
up like a little corner here the nice
thing about this house is that there's
so many different places that we can
film and do like sit-down videos but
this is like a place that's dedicated
for that so I have to install an outlet
in mind I think there was more on
Jared's upstairs but that way we can
have I can have a shelf that has like
our SD card and batteries and then if we
needed a charge as well but I do like
the top right there I'm excited like
decorate this and make it my own space
I'm really excited to make this my own
space now this is different as well a
lot of people have been a little
confused by this and this is called a
called a cold storage it's underneath
the patio so it's all cemented here this
is going to be like for our food storage
any other long-term storage that we want
to put in here with a room like this
because it is under the patio and they
have to frame it out anyway it doesn't
cost any more to include it so it's part
of it it's just extra storage so it's
like why not we're going to stack it
full of like emergency stuff food
because we always wanna make sure we're
prepared that's something our parents
always did and something that we always
want to do and make sure that our kids
are ready for it in the event of an
emergency we want to be ready this is
just a normal bedroom right now this is
an empty bedroom but it's a nice big
space for when friends and family come
over and want to stay the night this
will be ready for them and for maybe
future kids future kids this room
specifically we are using for our guest
bed so our bed currently is going to go
in this room and this will be a guest
bedroom that one as well I would like to
have a guest bedroom too but for now
yeah for now this will be a guest
bedroom I just like how much light there
is in the room it's not too bright
outside yet it's still pretty early in
the morning but the lights do a really
great job this is probably my favorite
bathroom other than the master bathroom
because I
really love the color I love the
richness of the countertop I love the
tile and then this I just saying this
that's really great and then we've got
the gold fixture up top again something
that I have thought has been fun is
making the house ours
my mom and dad built their home and we
may even do now to kind of laugh at
their pink carpet the bathrooms
especially in our house to show that it
is totally been ours that we have
created I think is something that I
loved it's different unique some people
they hate it some people may think it
doesn't match even the designer was like
I don't know about that I loved it I
wanted it and I'm so glad we did it
these were spare granite parts in the
dumpster that we got huge chunks of and
had then make into corner shelves for us
and I just think that it's pretty I
think that it's different and I really
really like it so this is the bathtub
down scare sirs
this is Jackson's room and I'm very
excited the largest room in the basement
large room so right now it's Jackson's
room and we have another kid Jackson and
Calvin may share this room you know when
we have more kids in the future who
knows what's going to happen it's yes
agent the thing is like when I was
younger my brothers and sisters we
always traded rooms and we always slept
with you know in a different room of
someone else for an extended period of
time
but this is Jackson's room down here yes
and as well he has a closet we have some
really fun plans for Jackson's bedroom I
cannot wait for him to see it all done
and then you come out here into the
basement play area something that I
really wanted for the kids was something
fun just like fun and if you asked
Jackson where is your bedroom he says my
hello room and he thinks that he's gonna
sleep here and he might just do that
this might be his room um so this down
here they cut a little hole out for kids
to play and play peekaboo
I have them cut and make a Dutch door
here which we need to get a stopper so
does it run in there
right in here so they can play all day
all night and this is just fun it's just
like our old place where they came in
and all their toys were here so this
will be fun for them I'm excited to kind
of make it a more unique in their own as
well and not just this is their play
area anymore now they have a whole
basement to play but first the
entertainment area will have a sectional
right here and then we'll have a TV on
the wall right here so when we're
watching the football games a Super Bowl
general conference will come down here
and hang out and sit here and then as
you move back this way on this wall
right here we'll have the piano yes and
it fits perfectly right there so we will
make this little a cute area for that
and then from here on back is like the
kids like ultimate flavor room area you
have so many things set up for them that
we can you can see on Ellie's channel
before it's all set up and this is just
their area to play back here I'm so
excited to play with them and get down
on the carpet into the hole around this
originally was supposed to be a
kitchenette so this was going to be like
a little kitchen area and not take a
storage area behind it but Jordan I
talked a lot about it and I just feel
like right now it's kids and I really
didn't we don't need it I don't really
want to worry about running water
whatever here so it's plumbed for us
from the future if we change your mind
we could do that right now this is the
kitchen area in this way this is another
storage room
that's like a utility theme it's a long
room down here that we can put like
blankets and any other things that we
need to get from the basement if I want
to put like the video games and storm in
here we can um Christmas tree decor our
boxes probably this will just be like a
storage storage room for that yeah
there's lots of storage in here and
that's like the one thing that you
always wish you had more of his storage
room so we made sure to utilize as much
storage space as possible okay this is
the garage this is one of the biggest
reasons why the Builder designed this
plan was this garage because it is
magnificent it is amazing this over here
is just you know the normal two car
garage and we have the stairs under here
and this is just going to be a fun
little place to store things for the dog
to play in you know all that sort of
stuff I'm very excite
about that I still don't know I think I
like it carpet it's a really thin tough
carpet so it's good for like yeah it's
an outdoor carpet good for like
transitioning from the garage outside
into the house and I think it just makes
it look a lot better than the just wood
that they have in there I like it don't
get me wrong but I've just never you
never you're not used to us be
interesting to see how that goes and
then we've got the third car garage
which goes all the way back here this is
kind of a workshop and the way that
we've thought about it is if in the
future we ever want to we can divide it
right down this line and we put on some
cam IDEs in here and we can turn this
into a studio that's separate for now
but that's just you know
forward-thinking we've got a really nice
garage sink here to wash our hands if
they're ever oily or anything like that
from fixing things up
I always liked having seats and garages
especially like Thanksgiving or huge
parties and you have these big old pots
that you need a wash we'd always hold
the garage and wash them so I like
obviously came here this is something
that we thought of one of the first
things when we wanted to build was a
area to wash them and God but not just
I wash the dog we don't have one yet I'm
here to wash the dog but like when we go
camping get a home wash your boots off
wash the car mounts off like this is
just a good area to have for all of that
yeah exactly this there's lots of
utility there and I think it looks
really nice for a garage shower growing
up I just always remember my parents
being like oh you don't organize the
shelves we need to get shelves in the
garage and so I thought okay I know I
want shelves how do I want that like I
didn't know if I wanted them open or
closed I personally like it closed off
so you know like see all your camping
equipment and stuff so I asked them to
and I don't know how big I wanted I just
figured we have a whole wall let's have
a whole wall of storage so I asked them
to build on this the rest of the wall
storage so people have camping equipment
power equipment right here I got my
booty you are so cute
goodies for you know when we do move off
remove all this stuff and that is our
house guys that is this has been more
than an entire year since we started
looking for this property since we
started planning it's been more than a
year we bought the lot on our
anniversary
one year ago so in one month we'll have
hat on this lot for a year this is it
we're about to move in and start a brand
new chapter in our life we could not be
more thrilled and more grateful and more
excited and just it's such a crazy
feeling yeah this has been a huge
learning growing experience everyone's
just so different by feel like this has
brought us closer together
absolutely it's been so fun working with
everyone everyone has been so awesome
the entire building process like it's
been so great so from here on out this
is where we'll be at home thank you
we'll see you guys next time bye
