oh jeez are you okay
my back hurts for you good morning guys
did it feel weird waking up I thought it
was amazing it was better than I thought
it was which is great I woke up a lot
last night I just said some new place
different
you always hear different sounds when
you go to different places and you never
know what they are because you're not
used to it yet so there was something
there I was still used to him and Kelvin
waking up ones in the middle of my
calendar it is just started I got for
the day but Jackson's favorite thing to
do so far is take his car and run along
all the furniture he it's along the
couch along the bed I heard it go down
the stairs hey good morning yeah she
likes a new room
hi yeah did you guys sleep well
oh I'm so glad they all woke up last
night once they have a bad cough all the
kids are little stuffy and have a cough
oh are you so happy to see you you put
on the floor no you just be good to you
ha ha ha so we don't quite have any like
chair set up yet so we're trying to
improvise and see the best way of where
we can eat breakfast and I think we have
found it the mudroom has turned into a
breakfast nook this is perfect
we've got the bench here that we all can
sit on and put our food on and mommy
sitting in the corner with Calvin I love
it
you guys like your breakfast this is
Ellie and Jared's bed and breakfast I
hope you all enjoy your stay cute mom
tonight here I'm snooping through a
makeup drawer and I found an eyebrow
pencil my art girls need love and care
so something that I
love about my family and Jared's family
is when there is something planned or an
activity if somebody can't come if
someone's tired or busy or maybe doesn't
even feel like like leaving their house
and like driving and traveling
everyone's really respectful and
understanding of they just aren't gonna
come and that they can come next time
and Bonnie is planning something very
special for my mom it's her birthday
soon and we she told me the date that
worked it happened to be the day after
we moved and she's like if you don't
come that's okay
if you come great and of course I want
it to come and two days ago I was like
there's no way I'm coming like I can't
even think straight and then after the
move things and what really smooth
yesterday and so I was like kay I'm
gonna come so I'm here we are
celebrating my mom it's a surprise she
doesn't even know and I'm really excited
but I gotta tame these eyebrows look
they just don't grow they never have I
don't know if it's my issues that I've
always had like thyroid or PCOS or
whatever but they've just never grown
right they're so good fill them in I
have some big news but I have to be
quiet because Calvin is asleep in that
room well somewhere over there he's
asleep in his bedroom but I've got this
bad boys up and you're gonna join with
me as we turn it on for the first time
in the new house ready set failure what
the Oh
I don't think the power strip is turned
on okay should we try that again here we
go three two one this is bad news I just
don't know why it would not be work oh I
think I might not be working hold up
okay
I did one thing let's give it a shot now
ready three two one
well we don't do this a lot and we
especially don't do this a lot for Mom
so I'm glad that we're all doing like a
little get-together with mom and I just
forgot if you guys know we were sitting
laughing in the kitchens like that just
feels so good to like laugh the kitchen
it's a bonding went to this painting
class a while ago and it was really fun
an instructor stands up here and pretty
much like tells you what to do and this
is the end goal and everybody's is just
a little bit different because they use
their own artistic way I guess you could
say so Ruby and Bonnie have all the food
here seriously they have done all of
that I've just showed up so look at all
the yummy candy and everyone is going to
paint even dad and Bo so all of moms
kids are here painting Julie we missed
you so much more thinking about you okay
if this doesn't do it I have no idea
what the issue is everyone cross your
fingers with me please do not please
three two one so we still don't have the
light the entryway light and I think
that's on the same circuit as the
outlets in my office so that's the
reason why the computer is not turning
on so I've just gotta wait for that and
then I should be able to do that I can
finish setting everything else though
but not turning on the computer and
everything which is excited for but I
have a lot of work to do still so let's
get to it
it's time to see how everybody is
painting so differently and as I look at
mine I look over at my mom's and it's
just so sweet seeing oh and look at by
his bum bum Louie but like my mom's like
she's just it's so smooth and blended
like it's fun to see mom paint yeah
Mary is my painting buddy this is what
mines lookin like I'm trying to go in
there's got $1 here I'm actually
learning a lot it's really fun
ladies and gentlemen member mannan
introducing our main evented making the
leap of faith jackson me coming uh me um
go enter a time to know Joe you are dry
again we not satisfied with that
performance because the judges gave you
a perfect ten oh geez are you okay
my back hurts for you should we watch
that in slow motion replay Jackson that
was a much better when huh you're back
to break and neither did mine
well can you slide down okay okay
everyone staring at dad's and I'm not
looking at dad until he's done video
okay we'll see everyone's is looking
good this is over lived in this is mine
the Sherry's moms the bastards is so
soft and blended so cute what do you
think I think they're pretty cool what
is it
refrigerator that's ready doesn't also
target is in here you're a good boy
laughing some snacks in here for you too
that's not good thumbs up bum bum bum
bum bum oh that's the best part that's
so cool and if it's perfectly under my
desk ah good morning hey bud how was
your first nap in the new house did you
enjoy it
no you're still thinking about it you
ready to go okay let's go
so Calvin woke up from his nap and he
had a really bad diaper so I felt really
bad so I gave him a bath and I kind of
just felt this head he feels a little
bit warm so I'm just gonna keep a really
close eye on him and everything and just
make sure he's comfortable and doing
well he's playing really well with
Jackson so I think he's feeling okay but
just want to keep her closer eye on him
but he has a bath he's all clean and
fresh and everything and we are going to
go and get some stuff around the house
done because that's what we're doing at
about our house you know we got to get
all everything all set up okay boys
sound good boys are you guys just
admiring the dog huh is that what you're
doing
yes there it is I am very happy very
very happy
you happy birthday mom yeah so this is
mine this is sharise sharise is I'm
jealous of her she blends those really
well
this is Bonnie's yeah this is Ruby's
good job Ruby and this is dad Wow I'm so
impressed I love all the DAAD I'm
showing everyone spending to run home
and get Cal I guess he's not feeling
very well
oh that looks good Emily okay that looks
so good and last but not least mom's I
need a little more pop you're getting
there
that looks so smooth and blended we've
made a little more progress on the house
do you wanna go see it
rusty Kelvin I heard is that he's doing
okay look at this giant mirror do you
like these little songbirds Ellie I
wanted pineapple Ellie wanted songbirds
and guess this makes more sense I don't
know this is the kitchen I think a
pineapple Tom pretty good well you sure
know your way to your husband's heart
this much is true
a 20 pack early I can really lift it
it's so much dr. pepper some of that is
for your mini fridge and water crap yes
yes
there will definitely be an abundance of
different kinds of drinks namely dr.
pepper
Mountain Dew various kinds of Mountain
Dew and a couple things water there's
been so many things going on that
sometimes we just forget to pick up the
camera for example we've been cleaning
like crazy the Builder and his wife came
over to finish up some odds and ends
Matt and his wife and kids came over and
we stained the mailbox post there's just
like so many things that are just going
on as boom boom boom boom boom we put
the kids to bed we had dinner and now
we're just kind of cleaning up and doing
our things
yeah they're not feeling together there
acting too good and everything because
of that so we feel so Jackson's coughing
so through all that we have just been
going going going and now we are here it
is me and my sneezing life let's see my
dear wife and that's what we're gonna do
for the rest of night I just kind of
hang out and clean and get things
unpacked and even more than they already
are and the whole kitchen is clean and
we are setting everything up
oh my goodness this is so fun I wouldn't
have it any other way I do not want to
do a craft I want you to give me your
kitchen for me to scrub down and clean
we are going to go ahead and say goodbye
for today like Jared said it's like we
don't even know what what is what what
we found what we haven't we're doing
we're having trial of a day yeah having
fun just like just setting up home and
just being with family and setting up
home this was our very first full day at
the house isn't that cool it's coming
together yeah I think it's beautiful
okay well thank you guys so much for
watching thank you for all your sweet
comments your sweet tweets it's been so
fun to read if you guys are new to the
channel just hit the subscribe button
and you will start this new chapter with
us and you can see all of our old videos
and everything it'll be great I'll see
you tomorrow bye
