this is where we're going to build our
house we're going to build our future
we're going to grow our family right on
this property
we've been married six years today we
have two kids today and today we are
excited to say that we are home but this
is our home
today is the day today is a moving day a
huge thing to joel and that again for
helping jared we don't have a ton of
stuff but with us moving we actually
will have a ton of stuff because all
this is new kid toy furniture for the
basement play area so the boys are
loaded up we have a moving company that
has our couches and a lot of our
furniture for the house so we have a big
day ahead of us Thank You Joel Jared and
Matt where's your head and Matt I can't
wait for the kids to come and run
through their hello room I don't take
they'll even recognize it it the carpet
makes such a huge day we have carpet wow
it would get so much it's love it's nice
well it's official we are starting to
move things into the house here let me
take your beverages all right George is
in the bedroom and we're moving in did I
just hear our doorbell ring does that
mean we have a guest here
this is done we're doing right now I
really like you Joel said to have him
and Matt to be in the car and then
allowing companies here and then we have
a gerund I inside that way people can
just work hustling things to the door
Jarrod I can hustle things inside rather
than everyone go outside inside keep
moving companies here just got started
this has gone so smooth so we all pulled
up and Joel and Matt and Jer and I
helped a little
unload the small van and trailer that we
had into the house and then right as
soon as we were done the moving company
came to move all of our new furniture
that we have like beds and couches and
they're moving it in and then Joel and
everyone brought the u-haul in and we
all unloaded it and now that this is
going the piano movers are now coming in
and now the piano movers are in the hot
tub is in so everything is like boom
boom boom like right after another no
one's waited on anyone this is going way
smoother than it could be and everyone
is just fun we just ordered pizza so we
have tons of pizza in the back tons of
drinks we're going to watch the hot tub
be put and we're going to draw on the
footage
everyone's like this is awesome Quentin
asked for a better smoother day I think
my wife is pranking me I think you are
pranking me right now what you went out
and you got everyone pizza and drinks
which was so nice and she had like a ton
of drinks she has a ton of different
kind of pizza and I'm looking through
the drinks here
I see Mountain Dew Pepsi water root beer
all of these things I'm no dr. pepper
sure yeah I think you're pranking me
right now I being pranked on move-in day
this feels Danny I'm so sorry it's okay
I'll forgive you this one time Justin
one
I have my cameraman we've got a quick
neck bone when the crane just took over
the house there are so many people
working on this Matt's getting his angle
version of it as it goes great all right
this is so fun to watch so cool it's
just amazing like everyone has their spa
everyone even Dalton
I know I know if Joel helped lay down
earlier you've been helping the guys
inside it's kind of been really fun just
watching your room work together so cool
hey you have your job I honestly have to
say one of my favorite things and what
I'm going to miss the most is seeing
everybody work together yeah the
plumbers helping the electrician the
electrician's helping now you know the
Builder and you know the furniture
company like we're all doing everyone's
working together and it's been like a
coolest thing to see like our excavators
are helping them install this like
everyone's just like lending a helping
hand I think that's what has been very
fun to watch and it's been good for me
to watch one of the first things that I
have wanted to do with it getting into
the house is set up the boys's rooms I
want Jackson and Calvin to feel at home
as much as possible and setting up
Jackson's room is I'm having a lot of
fun and it's kind of emotional I'll tell
you why in a minute but I'm getting them
set up and I think that to feel really
at home for Jackson he has his plate
rocks and this is new his little tuft
toy and his bed is all made and sent I
think what's making me a little
emotional is I'm sitting up just putting
some stuff away and his aunt Jen
Jennifer made this for him his grandpa
gave him this and he stopped talking I
do cry
and a sweet viewer made him Dustin he
was a baby and also as I was putting his
bed together I was pulling his blankets
out and I realized that this matched
perfect with this little tuft puff thing
that he has in this room and one of you
guys sweet friend and viewer made this
for Jackson
and so I just think it's really sweet as
I'm setting up his home he has a lot of
sweet items that have been given to him
and that have been gifted to him and
just really sweet I just want to thank
you guys because we do read all your
letters and I just think it's really
sweet that he has some really sweet
homemade touches from you guys in his
room as well but I'm excited to set up
and I think that he is going to love his
bed this is a big-boy bed form and the
mattress is so comfortable he got a
ghazal mattress so hopefully he'll he
will like sleeping with his spider-man
in his new bed his new big-boy bed it
has been such like an overwhelmingly
amazingly chaotic fantastic unbelievable
awesome day and our bed is here our bed
is oh hi how are you I'm about to do
something magical are you ready oh are
you gonna join me let's go can't wait to
wake up and have the excavator stare
he's so awesome and knowing him he's
gonna come up to the window and now I
gotta be like good morning guys bonnie
has brought back Calvin hey do you see
all the rocks outside yeah you home
you're home buddy did you know that oh
yeah you know what before we go outside
huh let's go look at your bedroom you
want to come see your bedroom
yeah that's what your room oh let's see
if he knows where he's going
no he's just like he's like I'm just
gonna play by the windows let's go shoot
and see your room buddy all right cow we
start to set up curtain laughing hey be
the window yes he does he's all you know
what he's gonna peek out and see the dog
all day long how funny is that look his
toes oh you saw this
got this curtain you always you got
tonight or tomorrow
this is Calvin's room so far he's so
happy George do you see George's here a
lot of our homes yes you have and then
there's his bed
it is so cozy in here I love it yes and
you love it - already I know it yeah
peekaboo oh we all know that Dorn he
like just ran he knows where he is
yep I missed him
I'm excited to see him - I'm excited to
see his reaction to his room I can't
wait I want them to ring the doorbell
from walking oh yeah they're tired but
I'm excited I want to learn the doorbell
do you think they will know the walk to
walk right in wait for it
yes trick or treat
boy hi bud what miss Q hi boss Rooney
Roo doll have toys in them what do you
guys think oh gosh
I love that let's lecture Jackson his
room first and then we will talk about
can I show you your bedroom yeah so is
your room over here
oh he's open the door it's not it's
right here buddy
he wants to go play with the toys come
over this way bud go look at your room
and see like your bed yeah that's right
wait Jackson look over in the corner
there's another surprise for you yeah
this is a chair for you to sit in oh man
and that's like what more could we ask
for he was so happy oh he wants to get
in there now cute we check so what do
you think of some of these new toys
pretty fun huh
Jackson guess what do you want to know
something come here bud come here I want
to tell you something this is your new
home
did you know that Wow are you excited
yeah that's what he was trying to do
that'll be so much fun
Hey look these kids are all just like
playing and having so much fun another
one is a box heck I still want one of
those I want to play in that spaceship
oh yeah look this is like all I could
ever ask for this is it is the end of
the night the house is actually not
crazy and chaotic kids are playing and I
am making chocolate chip cookies I am
making this house into a home so this is
it and get us asking chocolate chip
we're gonna have a chocolate chip cookie
we're gonna put the kids in the bathtub
and have a good little snack before bed
well Calvin and Jackson are pretty happy
Jackson's run in the car along the couch
Callens God is oh you got your milk and
you want to sit right there on the couch
you want your milk are we home do you
like your home should we go back to our
other home you like it here you want
this home run in the car around it's not
summer yet make it imagine what it would
be like but that's not how I thought
that time was gonna go Jared are you in
here oh yeah dad Jarrod Jarrod Jarrod
Jarrod hey what were you that's not how
thought our that ties it I was saying
all these cute things you're laying in
there he goes go to bed oh I was like
well fine bye bye good night
I know I was offended thank you guys so
much for coming along this journey of us
building our home today has been so fun
I just don't feel like we deserve this
like this feels so good and I am so
grateful to everyone who has made this
possible all the workers is just so fun
to see and be here
today was a special treat on Sunday's
video that goes out on Monday it will be
the house tour that will be a house tour
video where it's bare bones nothing in
it we try to do is like fast me fish as
we could before for everyone got here so
thank you guys so much for watching kids
went down great think they're still up
but they're doing pretty good yeah thank
you guys so much for watching
we'll see you tomorrow in a brand new
house Mike Jackson is currently in his
bed playing with his car good night son
hey can I come in
I can't Calvin just walk on - are you
just having too much fun you can't sleep
you can't sleep you know what at least
you're playing quietly you I okay it's
time for bed they say good night to our
toys
