I don't make it you can make him that I
believe in you you can do it I'm going
to fit I know it you did that on purpose
good morning guys bright and shot bright
and shine is that a variety tide rise
and shine is why it is so early in the
morning and today is day one of moving
are you excited I'm excited I have all
my cleaner water so we move in tomorrow
and the new house has dust everywhere
it's dirty it needs to be cleaned and so
my mom me the builders wife and I think
maybe her daughter-in-law but we're all
gonna go to the house we are going to
clean it it's really a big day it will
be meanwhile me Matt and Joel are gonna
go pick up u-haul and we're gonna pack
all of this stuff up and we'll be done
we'll be ready we'll be out of here is
that gonna thank you Bonnie for watching
the kids today yes yeah it's gonna be
weird it's this is gonna be our last day
half day here time to say goodbye to
this place I love this house yes yeah
you need to go in a u-haul you I love
you alright I think everything in the
bathroom is done we've just got some
stuff that we've got to take down the
one thing that like the biggest things
that we have to do still so if you gotta
take down the bed and then I have to
like pack my super super delicates these
are things that are just gonna go in the
van with me not in the u-haul or
anything but like my computer the
lighting stuff like all those have to
you have to be really careful with and I
don't want them thrown around and the
back of the u-haul so they'll just go in
the back of the van with me got the kids
in the car and we're gonna go pick up
Matt and Joel and I can't come
empty-handed
so I've got some doughnuts for the guys
and I've got some awesome drinks for us
to start off the day mein namely
chocolate milk
alright back at the house I've got the
dream team with me guys I've got my
brother Matt I've got my brother-in-law
Joel this is the dream
you know what a dream team like this we
need a proper introduction
are you Hall is just a smidgen too small
for everything that we need so we're
grabbing Joel's hitch and we're putting
it on the van
and we're gonna freakin tow our stuff in
this minivan that's right this minivan
has a towing capacity I think of like
3,500 pounds it's pretty sweet that a
minivan will do that gosh I love that
color please do not miss it oh you gotta
get some running start let's go
you know
doesn't like it Oh fight yeah uh-huh
I think we never get those tax
these things they don't let itself off
the ground you have to write him up yeah
okay your turn Matt okay you can make
him out I believe in you you can do it
I'm going to dip it I know it
you did that on purpose
Matt look what you did you were vacuum
oh it's not even on the vacuum it's the
rubber from the tire all right George oh
yeah well we did it everything that we
are taking with us is out the house is
empty it just needs a little bit more
cleaning but this is saying goodbye to
our place I'm sure Ellie and I will come
back tonight or tomorrow to finish
everything out but it's empty
thanks guys feel like the Grinch who
stole Christmas hey nothing was left
nothing at all was laughing except your
hearts witches aren't which are now ten
sizes too big huh
I appreciate you and my heart is full of
great there's one more thing that we
have to do though before we leave
there's one more very important thing I
cannot forget you guys there's two of
them okay whose shoulders am I getting
on please shout by the uplifted hand
whose back is the worst I should
probably ask you guys both have that
back I'm good I got you
here I'll hold the camera okay gotcha oh
here oh oh I don't know if you're high
enough you reset it oh good
just barely oh oh my gosh here here give
me that
oh my gosh okay it looks from it looks
okay oh my neck is broken
I don't know you're I came to find out
if it works I'm free hugs drop it
how you doing Joe good okay man yeah
testament to the strength of these LED
holy diode it's amazing that's amazing
okay I've got both of these bulbs thank
you for reminding me guys you know who
you are
all right this may be the last time that
you guys see this place it's time to say
goodbye
we are leaving and Ellie how could you
leave this toilet paper here this is
like a full package toilet paper is
precious Matt you can't it'll leave it
here well it's kind of nice to read but
if you want to move in there's some
rolls on it okay
jelly glitter I'll give oh another roll
ready
a little welcoming gifts you're the new
tenant so you get to a new place you
always that's a person you have to do
yeah speaking of my logic is that
bathroom anymore
yeah goodbye house I miss you already
okay I love you Jax I love you oh yeah
huh Nabila for be good for Grandma okay
look at me say I'll be good for Grandma
okay love you
carry smile it is a madhouse here at Dow
we have probably six or so different
people working on the house all at once
and they're all inside the plumber the
carpet the electrician the Builder and
his sons are actually here we've got
excavating we've got landscaping like
everything is going on right out in the
house trying to get everything finished
and done he is so good with that like
this is such a tight space it's just so
he doesn't think so delicately like
between the rock and the house it's
amazing this is probably one of my
favorite parts of the entire building
process that we've been able to see and
you're about to see it now again
probably
here we go how do you see that blue one
right there that looks so good
did you fire tailing it out of there did
I hit you
I saw them to shoot off that's so crazy
hi hi - Oh see that was good it's good I
have to thank you and Emily because your
husbands were amazing they were just
such good help like couldn't have done
it without them
Joel has helped every single family move
since right yes and I've even been as a
family and so like he's just so selfless
and so giving so Thank You Joel thank
you Matt timing just worked out that
we're moving while they're here in Utah
so thank you for making away all the way
from Texas to help me and all the
workers today like there were so my god
they're like it felt like was so fun I
felt like Extreme Makeover Home Edition
at our house that's really what it felt
like hear you he's mo in the freakin lon
like I guess I gotta go dude I got
should probably know the law
but I'll have Matt and Jules channel
listen down
go over to their channels and call them
so much help I had every intention to
show what we were doing at the house
today cleaning but it really was just a
lot and I needed to just like get in and
help work I don't know how much help I
did mom did a lot thank you so so much
mom and she even took Jackson home and
it is in Boston so thank you mom thank
you everyone that has helped us has just
been so nice but I feel like I need to
get some food in me so let's go to
dinner
Cal are you to be our date you're the
third wheel for tonight and I don't mind
one bit what's gotten into you you get
some food you get some food and you just
you're so silly
I think some of us are just a little bit
tired as soon as we got to my parents
house Ellie fell asleep I put Cal from
the bed he fell asleep on me three times
and was fighting it but fell asleep i
sat on the couch right here fell asleep
what are you eating it's just a mixture
of ice cream and other stuff that is
delicious
we're zonked we're going to call it a
night
tomorrow is moving day hoping everything
goes and we'll hopefully we get to move
in okay I hope everything is finished so
we will see tomorrow that's the plan is
we're gonna move in tomorrow to a brand
new house thank you guys so much for
watching hope you have a wonderful day
it's a brand new weekend we'll see you
guys next time bye
