Jackson did you like hearing dad singing
choir did you like the song he said nope
I didn't like the song D you and done
did you get a skittle for going good job
mister you're doing so good Calvin has
been it's been a week since I've been on
Monday it'll be like a solid week that
we've been working with potty training
and I do not plan on putting him in
diapers
so he is an underwear and pull-ups at
night and we'll see how he does this
week we're gonna try and have another
last week of just really working on
going to the potty huh
you just he gets a little impatient he
just he'll go a little bit and then he's
done he needs to go a little bit more
huh but you've been doing so good I'm
proud of you what thanks mom I'm proud
of you just got back to the church had a
great time at choir practice
yeah hey Jackson Jackson was there at
choir practice today with us did you see
he didn't think he was in the audience
wasn't her dog with booties on so
Jackson my question to you today is did
you like the song that we were singing
oh good good I'm glad you changed your
answers like Jackson did you like
hearing dad sing in choir did you like
the song he said nope I didn't like the
song I want you to sing a different one
that what are you kidding it's a fun
song so Jackson I stuck around next
church today we did choir practice but I
am hungry we have some leftovers and
they yes we have leftover Chinese so
yeah I was just commenting to Ellie
about her pants I was like I really like
your pants and I mean like I don't know
it's kind of an old trend coming back
those are the pants that Jackson picked
out what we did the husband dresses and
me challenge all right there's like look
how stretchy there I have a rubber band
bless for my for your pants top but
they're cute haha they are they look so
great
d un done do and do you and a joke
Calvin are you doing that so penny won't
grab your gloves Oh hide your hands hide
them that way she doesn't grab your
gloves huh that is the coolest slide
well penny did get a glove but we got it
back miss penny
what's your last and final words mr. oh
mr. Calvin's going you're wearing
underwear guy
most a warm and safe in here how many
might not just have you let one two
three you a lot Calvin how many of you
would quite a bit there we go look daddy
built that mommy started it good the
kids did 1000 practice runs we're
learning huh oh yeah there you go blood
out good job so it out yeah we're
singing we don't have a fancy dinner to
cook Oh mom being mom getting hand
sanitizer before get the s'mores and I'm
not judging you I'm just think I think
it's funny I think you're cute
here's here it sounds awesome is this a
fun day independent Calvin you gotta
listen but do not don't touch it in the
fire doubt in the s'mores aren't good
s'mores foot look this one's perfect so
let's put this one on a on a graham
cracker okay look how excited she is for
this guy's Peaks happiness pingy
she said I'll say I'll sit just give it
to me penny has a jolly ball outside
it's a huge red toy that she absolutely
loves and we've got a little one for in
the house who could I love where she
scratches yeah stay Davey poke okay
but he give that why is that so good to
me you just carrying it like you're in
the purse okay we're all matching
tonight we're all matching Jackson did
you just get that he was patient some
Mario game okay let's get ready for bed
please Pandi I think that's so cute it
like has a little handle for her okay we
have been sitting here watching the
flash we're gonna get ready to say good
night through them laughing so hard at
the boys they have been like playing and
laughing and singing for I don't even
know how long and they're talking about
their teeth and their gums Oh what did
Jackson say he's like Calvin was they
were like poking out of me he's like
checks and said those those are too
sticky to your teeth they can't come out
like Calvin should take us deep down
okay these are the nights we never kids
hardly ever go to sleep like on their
own we just lay with them when they go
to bed so this is kind of fun to see
them like weinerman play yeah yeah those
are some of my favorite memories Julie
and I would stay awake until my mom and
dad would go to bed and then we'd sneak
out and get ice cream
as our favorite thing to do no no don't
get any ideas kids so it's been a full
week and I want to just say that I been
thinking of you and I commend you for
everything because it's been it's been
an interesting week for you Ellie
we've been potty training all week we
haven't felt the baby until yesterday
for like a week
you had your melanoma like mole things
yeah that was crazy there's just been a
lot of stuff going on and I am just yeah
I'm just excited for a brand new week to
start yeah so I hope you guys have a
great week and we will see you guys
tomorrow
yeah bikes
