we're gonna play on the rocks we're
gonna go up in the mountains we're just
gonna see all of these kids grow up like
that's good morning guys happy Wednesday
I have an announcement today is the last
full day that we will be in this place
announcement number two Jackson is
punching my bum bum hey you what are you
doing are you punching my bum bum mr.
mummy man punching my bum bum don't you
go oh oh brother brothers getting in on
the action
tomorrow we are moving out of this place
and we are gearing up to move in early
early on Friday we have a lot of
meetings with the bank and everything on
Friday so we want to make sure we get a
good early start now we have moved two
or three times let's see one two this is
our fourth move in our marriage from
college to an apartment to here to our
new house and I've learned a couple
things I'm really not that great at
moving but one tip that I always always
do and is like why do you do that and
I'm like Ellie why do you do that is
this is what I do this is like the only
packing tip that I have I don't know if
this is working like really
long-distance ones but I take like all
of my shirts and I saran wrap those
suckers together because it's so easy to
just pick up and just hang on the closet
rather than taking them off the hangers
and folding them up I just saran wrap
those suckers together and it it's
awesome like I don't know I think it
saves a ton of time and it just works do
you guys have any packing tips I know
it's a little late for us to use but
leave your awesome packing tips and the
comments below because I would love to
learn like I said like packing a
suitcase packing your house like I'm so
into those and I love watching those
videos on YouTube so if you have any
special ones let me know come on Jackson
let's go hurry let's leave the balloon
come here let's go oh
Calvin do you hear it buddy so every
other train come on jump in the window
and Jackson blaze yeah
this is like probably the last time
we'll see the Train so we're gonna say
goodbye to the Train okay but he honked
his horn that's right nice shake up but
we got to say goodbye to our friends who
drive the train the train conductors and
usually it's the same guy - yeah that
will write it this is practicing on this
month they don't come by very often say
bye
what do you think Jackson do you say
goodbye yeah do you like the Train
you like your balloon to the Train toot
is horn hot what does a train say
choo-choo
so Jer and I are here at the house
because we are having a meeting with our
landscaper and right now they are
putting the rock steps on to the next
like level and look that machine is hold
oh my god that's so cool those are huge
they they've been that is hard to do
yesterday he was saying how how
mind-boggling it was that they had to
figure out where to position it and put
them just like and the rocks that go
next to it like they have to hinge them
in and everything in the yeah yeah
they're drunk so good that looks really
good they're pretty - we'll get up
closer look at him look he's standing on
that rock there's so much progress at
the house in the backyard today
so cool they're trying to figure out our
generator pad right now it's not yeah
not up to code or something so try and
figure that out
seriously that's so amazing to see them
working like that Calvin is taking a nap
Jackson is playing with cargo break so
we have probably what a good hour or two
of us to get some good solid packing in
so let's get to it yeah I know we've
been I just moved like all of these
boxes down here from upstairs and I'm
I'm out of shape
okay back to work
I'm sorry that was my butt
good did you sleep good I hope so
because these beds are going hey by bed
hi there Calvin my name is George
so the vents are going we have one last
night here but tonight we're staying
with Jared at Jared's parents house so
they'll have beds there Jackson's been
sleeping in our bed anyway the last few
nights so he'll just leap in our bed and
Calvin I'll sleep in the office so these
two beds are coming down
so I packed up all of our Ziploc baggies
and so we are putting the hardware and
diapers so it's probably really dumb
idea cuz they'll probably get thrown
away but well I keep a really good eye
on and then put them nice to the crib
the what got here to here give us a
scratch Alon it intimidating it's
beautiful like it's not ready
don't drop it inside of a box well it's
beautiful where did you just say to him
you said good job ciao
are you guys driving making us Donna
stop the Home Depot few more errands to
run dinner Boni and Joel were so kind
they brought us some delicious dinner
and we were just sitting here talking
Bonnie said some very sweet words on her
blog so thank you and then joel is just
saying we've had so many meals here in
this living room in kitchen and we've
had so many meals and hangouts in your
living room in kitchen it's just like
there's so many memories here filmed and
unfilmed like yeah yeah you you just
know right when your cue is don't you
and it's just like I'm so grateful like
I can't I can't even describe it in
words that make sense to how I feel I
wish you guys could feel I wish I could
send you my feelings what that's exactly
right
don't like what Joel just said it just
like it really hit me like we've done so
many things we've been here for two
years and we've done so many things here
we've grown and it's just the beginning
like this is just the start of it all
like we're gonna be in that house for so
many years and we're gonna be in this
the kitchen the living
the basement we're gonna play on the
rocks we're gonna go up in the mountains
we're just gonna see all of these kids
grow up like that's you know it's just
I'm happy we're here yeah it is fun
only in a vloggers house would you see
this we picked up the vacuum brought it
all the way out here vacuum would I say
picked up the vacuum I'm tired
we picked up the couch brought it all
the way back over here cleaned out
everything behind the couch vacuumed and
everything and as we were putting it
back guess what we found an SD card you
probably have like she has ten videos
that haven't gone up and I'm just
kidding
thank goodness we found this this day
has been long and crazy tomorrow is
going to be long and crazy oh it's real
it's setting in for sure this isn't too
shabby I mean this is the most this is
pretty much all of our stuff a little
bit in the garage yeah that's that's it
like that isn't that weird to think yeah
all of that stuff so crazy just a few
things right here we have the garage
that we need to that'll all go in the
u-haul tomorrow okay I think I'm gonna
take my last bubble bath in this house
I'm going to go use my last lush bowl
does that water that was on the couch I
think we are gonna call it a night
because we have a big long busy date
tomorrow okay thanks for watching thanks
for joining with us on this journey for
coming alone we are closing this chapter
and we're starting a brand new one soon
I'll see you tomorrow all right good
night George
see you tomorrow
