KCAL your turn come on out don't let you
down Calvin
good morning guys and nothing like
waking up and getting a fresh haircut I
was just realizing how long we're look
at one that is it has not been this long
probably since before I had Jackson but
I need a little trim so I'm gonna finish
straightening the back and bonnie is
going to trim my hair good morning
ladies gentlemen boys and girls welcome
to the Meachem household at least the
Meachem household for the last few days
it is a disaster here as you can
probably tell we're just packing and
everything is just scattered all over
the floor but wear doesn't mean we're
not gonna get ready today so Jackson and
Calvin had such a blast yesterday at
build-a-bear taking care of their
buddies building them and making them
fun and exciting a personalized and
everything and I'm about to get them
dressed for the day and I saw this
little shirt for Calvin if you look
close there's a little doggie on it so I
was like that's perfect for today Calvin
will play with his little doggy and I
have a little doggie shirt on where's
the turtle he's right here Leonardo to
the rescue wearing spider-man
Calvin where's your puppy dog right
there he give him a hug oh yeah
what are you saying my daughter bag have
you been watching taken what did you see
I'm talking to Jared on the phone and
the tile is all done we only have a few
days left and more the his and her shelf
is done sets are helped by his shampoo
this is where I'll put mine I love the
pink one so they're getting ready to
carpet tomorrow Wow literally just a few
more days I cannot wait to come in
please I think tomorrow is going to be
crazy when the carpet is all laid the
kids can come down here and night can be
home like paints done the carpet will be
done the walls are done
Jackson Calvin are gonna run and play in
there like they have so much room for
activity oh oh do you guys remember when
Jackson wrote his bike for the very
first time on his own without pedals
that to me was like the most amazing
like the most refreshing moment that you
can have as a dad I was so proud of
Jackson and heated so good we have a lot
of these refreshing moments in life and
they keep us going they keep us happy
it's these little simple things that
just make us smile today we're
partnering with Niagara water to talk
about refreshing moments there a water
brand that likes to keep things simple
by focusing on the things that matter
most like family values and spending
time together and they're running a
contest where you could win a thousand
dollars all you have to do is share your
refreshing moments to twitter or
instagram using the hashtag
refreshing moments I'll have all the
information listed down below if you
guys are interested and would like a
chance to win a thousand dollars just
for sharing your refreshing moments okay
so I'm here at Lois and Matt and Emily
are here they told me that they're
coming but they don't know that I'm here
so I'm sneaking around to try and find
them and I'm gonna see if I can scare
them real quick shoot he is right there
oh my gosh if he if he looks up he will
see me how am I gonna do is I've got to
sneak around
boogity boogity boo did you see me oh I
knew I couldn't trick you how's it goin
I'm just gonna call your seeker your
house do you guys all finish up already
yeah oh I'm sneaking around from the
canvas trying to find jeepers I was like
okay I walked down this hallway and was
like there right there like if now
you're like checking out or something if
Matt looks up he will see me and you
never distance literally like walking
along like this all right this is the
project that I'm working on today right
now I am taking down the PC rig setup
that I have here for like streaming and
stuff this was so much fun to build and
I have to thank shonduras his friend Dan
for helping me out but once we get into
the house I'm gonna stream a little bit
more Ellie and I will stream a little
bit more downstairs Ellie has like her
own little office filming area so we'll
be able to take advantage of that but
it's time to get this down and be very
very careful speaking of being careful
I've got to show you this what do you
think is in this box I had some fun
riding on it because I want people to be
careful with it so what do you think is
in here
you
what do you think is going to be the
most weird feeling going into the new
house I think just the difference in
space going from a town home to an
actual house transitioning from what
we're used to to something different
like we all know to do with all the
space so I feel like that's going to be
a weird feeling for us I think it's
gonna be interesting right when we move
we're gonna go into the house and the
kids are gonna get up first we're gonna
run in different directions or together
run somewhere cause it's like right now
we're all close quarters and you know
it's just gonna be different being like
upstairs and having the kids be playing
in other areas of the house could be
different I'm excited for the adjustment
I'm excited to see how the kids react to
it I think that's one of the thing
that's gonna be the most fun is seeing
how they react to it I feel like they're
gonna grow up overnight look I think
we're gonna move in and I'll I don't
know just yeah they have a little bit
more what's the word on freedom I guess
just a little bit more you know like
they won't be like right under they
won't be right under our nose it hi you
got your puppy he loves him you got your
foot oh did you puppy dog you love him
so do puppy dog says yes we are all
getting patched up the office is getting
there are bedrooms kind of a crazy mess
and the closet is pretty much empty this
actually is something for Jackson when
we move and when we were in California
last we purchased this spider-man suit
for Jackson and we originally were just
gonna buy it and like give it to him and
then you know we were all hanging out in
California and the time didn't you know
we just ended up not giving it to him
right then I told her I said well let's
just hold off and wait and roll and when
we set up the kids play area he has
hooks for some dress-up stuff because he
loves that whoo hello mister are you
okay he wants that stuff especially like
he loves math like Hulk masks and the
four masks not something that maybe
he'll get when we move in
you know holidays or birthday is coming
up so we might do that for that kids I'm
trying to
film something very important and I need
you to out are you my father kind of
just look hey both of you Jackson
this is us all day we've been packing
and they've been like in and out of all
the clothes okay hop on out
okay Cal your turn come on out don't get
down Calvin come on boys let's go so
that was what I was trying to say is we
decided to way off and hold on to this
and have that be hanging up in the kids
play area for Jackson and Calvin to play
with so I'm excited for Jackson to see
this and have something new to play with
at the house as well you had to get out
of the house for a minute kids were
cooped up yeah it was packing all day
they've been really really good for us
today they have been good sports we've
been packing like all day long and these
kids have been nothing but good good
kids so we played at the park for a
little bit and now we're about to have
some dinner
what sounds good to you guys huh
something to fill your bodies I asked
Jackson said chocolate milk chocolate
milk eat maybe like more than just
chocolate milk chocolate snows delicious
hi I'm a guy who finds this simple joys
in life oh he is mad because you had his
blanket wrapped around your waist okay I
am a guy who finds a simple choice
online and when we oh we ordered dinner
tonight we got Jimmy John's they asked
what names we should put on there and
what names I put on it Ellie that's a
marker that says Margaret and what does
mine say Oh captain say you tell me the
little ones Oh best for these two kids
yeah I think that's a big pickle okay
I'll tell you what I'll give you a
pickle for your nickel wait I'll give
you a nickel for your pickle take that
reminder back okay we're eating dinner
and I just think I'm funny for just a
short amount of time it's just the
little things like that that make me
laugh right your daddy funny
and you can have this there's daddy
funny yeah is daddy funny
Margaret ha ha it has been quite the day
cleaning packing organizing tea chunking
it's time for bed but not quite yet
ah hi you same heard someone is stuffy
sneezing I won't go to bed you show up
but it's because you're not feeling
right I'll be there you are my friends
say good bye say bye friends
dude buh-bye save my friends oh I think
all we have left to do to pack is my
closet and the garage I think that's it
and then we are done tomorrow we're
organizing hunting the garage and then
the next day we will be packing a u-haul
on the 13th or pack in the u-haul cuz
early early morning on the 14th remove
banette so while Jared pack see you all
I need to be at the new house cleaning
it yes what's over we are so excited say
goodbye oh we are so excited but for now
we're gonna call it a night egg biscuit
cuz he's a way past his bedtime
thank you for watching guys we hope you
have a wonderful night and we'll see you
tomorrow say bye say bye bye bye
