Oh
good morning everybody
it is moving we we already have a ton of
boxes it's moving week I've been on the
phone hello good morning good morning
Cal huh don't eat that please we just
draw these are the coolest markers they
don't make a mess on anything it's just
when you color it then it will show up
so they call Callen loves it we have
been packing and we have been on the
phone all morning long we've been
talking to the bank and inspectors are
gonna be this week and we'll close this
week and then we're figuring out the
dates of when everything else will be
finished and then we are gonna help the
builders Clinton house before we move on
you've been doing all that meanwhile I'm
here in the bathroom I'm trying to tame
all of these tweakers know guys kinda
have a my mom so we're gonna go do
something really special this morning
that we wanted to do with the kids it's
gonna be fun it's gonna be a lot of fun
and I just think the whole transition
that we're making this is gonna be a lot
of fun for them we did not plan to match
but I think that we're gonna put it on
baby
I'll put it on I'm gonna put it on like
Donkey Kong
I can't put it on come on put the jacket
on right or bring chicken on I'm doing a
slow forehead I'm trying not to show you
tweakers um you know we're doing
recovering completely unintentional but
I think it's pretty fun okay let's get
ready let's go make some memories we
have to sneak over to the house real
quick because the builders here and I
like cleaning up so we want to say hello
and talk about a few things
the color looks great oh my gosh I love
it so there's black white and blue
little specks on the floor doesn't that
look so cool because Farraj feels so
different now love it it's so good
wait say that one more time at your
house as soon as you have on you can see
then you can move it now we can just we
can move in whenever we want
it Dex we have a certificate of
occupancy yes
Oh awesome it's your house yeah so
you're saying this is our house in the
middle of our street our house yeah
you
hey Jackson hey buddy are you excited to
go do something fun yes are all you boys
happy there's two boys here Emily we are
all getting ready to go do something
really fun special we have our cousins
here Jackson what are we gonna do and
they feel like candy fear is cut are you
gonna help Calvin built his cake go hold
his hand and show them the way let's go
this one will build a teddy bear oh okay
you
all right so here's the deal boys these
are going to be your special stuffed
animals stuffed bears whatever you pick
these are your special friends okay and
these are going to be your movin buddies
when we move to the new place
right these are going to be your friends
and they're going to make sure that you
have everything that you need and
they're going to make sure you're
comfortable at the new place in your new
bedrooms these going to be your friends
okay so we're gonna go through hook a
teddy bear and we're gonna dress them up
and whatever you like does that sound
fun yeah okay so let's make some friends
okay let's do it
now Jackson's animal Calvin chose his
right away well I got instantly he where
is he now but you you kind of don't know
you want the horse you want the dragon
what do you want there's so many not a
peep picture an honorary Chris Pirillo
Darth Vader dragon per greater one Hey
look all of these which one do you think
that you will want for the house I might
leave the Ninja Turtle that's
Michelangelo which one did you boys
choose Pikachu which one did you choose
you to bear my kick let's get to
decorate in them
Oh
Jackson can you help me yes okay do you
see this gas pedal right here can you
push on it like you're driving keep
going push hard push stand on it hey
good job he has two faces so he has his
pizza-eating face and then watch boom
crime-fighting face that one
hey yeah give him a hot give him a
squeeze do you like the way he feels
yeah you can hold on okay keep up on
this
he's like what the time so you can like
sit down step on it there you go
didn't keep a man hug okay that's the
heart you picked Kelvin which heart
would you like which heart take one oh
that's not a heart that would be good
job Calvin and Jackson both take the
same color can you work your my stuff
like this so that your bears are nice
and work
oh that's a good kiss okay now put him
inside put the heart inside of him
do you want to pick up some costumes for
your turtle do you want a sword like
Leonardo oh look at those swords Jackson
do you want spider-man spider-man
look at that cute costume like I'm so
but for me I want one no Calvin do you
like it he's so interested in that
little doggy cell phone over here like
this day ever
you should come every day is so fun
that was fun
and I hope our kids remember that at
least for a couple years you know good
needle it was just sweet to see them
like grab different things yeah and be
excited about those things and Jackson
wanted a ninja turtle and Calvin once he
saw that dog he just loved it and
wouldn't let go
look he is sitting here and if I take
this away he's maybe not maybe he didn't
notice but then he he knows that it's
gone and he wants it back
it's kind of cute to see him like no I
want I want that all right guys
did you have a fun day Jackson come show
me your toga oh did you have a fun day
Cal do you like your little puppy dog oh
you think your puppy time you like your
swords Oh Calvin where's your puppy dog
yeah where's your puppy dog do you love
him my thinking is your little cuddle
buddy why did we get you guys these uh
to move these are your guys's little
little moving buddies huh Cobb unless
his I canister cute is it you puppy die
oh I love him I love you I love you
Jackson can you say goodnight in your
turtle you can go to bed with your
turtle you scared me and I scare you
yes a little because I heard something
and I didn't think you'd be back that
soon oh I'm sorry
sorry my hand just like completely full
so I've learned something cool today at
the house Ellie so ma'am I went out
there to fly the drone around and our
house looks stinking good with the
lights on the outside like it looks
really really great with the lights on
especially like in the backyard it's
really good I'm super excited about it
we're gonna eat some popcorn and watch a
show okay freaky thing does happen it is
so late at night Ellie
and I were walking up the stairs going
to bed and out walks Jackson and it's
like you just don't expect it because he
was quiet as a mouse and really go
Jackson
it's time to go to sleep you have to go
to bed and he laid him right back down
so so sweet
scary but sweetie you parents have had
those moments right anyway thank you
guys so much for watching the vlog today
today was a special day for us I think
the kids will remember this day and I'm
glad that we filmed it so thank you for
watching we'll see you guys tomorrow bye
