yeah that was quite the runway
good morning guys happy Sunday as we are
getting ready today who's there boo hoo
um this morning jacquards tying your tie
for church and Jackson's been telling us
knock-knock jokes my favorite was knock
knock who's there Cody Cody who not
Craig Cody eat fries that was a funny
look at all our laundry out there who's
there joke ooh Rippy Rippy
you stay in hired a good morning to
Calvin you take a morning it was a good
wake-up call nothing like making it to a
puppy hey Ruby chica morning cow took a
good nap dinner was yet again delicious
at mom and dad's house and we are back
home this is the final week this is the
countdown guys it is the beginning of a
brand new week and this is the last week
that we will be in this place we are
going to be moving and we have so much
to do we have so many things that we
need to get going on starting right now
Ellie's already downstairs getting some
things taken care of but I am in no
appropriate attire to pack and clean so
we're gonna change right now 1 2 3 1 2
thing Oh much better okay let's get down
to business I mean where do we even
begin we've got laundry I've got a bunch
of my hard drives like all of my
computer stuff that we have to go
through all of the kids stuff
and pack and do a ton tonight tomorrow
afternoon we might go do something fun
with the kids but if we can get our
deadlines yes so Ellie has a lot of this
stuff that she wants to get done she's
doing some laundry so we only use like
the clothes for the rest of the week
that way we can pack everything I'm
going through and I'm basically doing
like all of the electronic things
because that takes some delicate packing
and it takes a little bit of time and
it's the stuff that I enjoy so I'm gonna
do that the kids are just kind of
hanging out and watching a show all we
do all of those things
oh are you playing with the bubble wrap
is that what you're doing he's playing
with the bubble wrap he's not watching a
television show but yeah I'm excited to
get all the stuff the electronic stuff
packed just so I can unpack it and get
it the way that I want all of the stuff
that we did yesterday in the kitchen
that's what I'm excited for in my office
is to figure out where everything will
go
I'm sorry but I'm not ready can come
with us I thought it wasn't Tony I went
to grab I thought I was a good play it's
just a little and cute though
it just looks like a little beetle don't
worry I will take care of it shh don't
tell Ellie but I'm totally bringing that
bug with us
but a sticky side down yeah and then put
it down yet nothing good job high five
it may not make sense but in my head it
does so right now I'm going through the
toys and this is Calvin's room like a
choice that are gonna be in his room and
blankets and these are Jax's they all
had like a whole ton of toys we're just
like a few toys and like you know
Jackson's things that he has in his
blankets in his room and then the rest
of the toys I have organized organized
right here is like the downstairs play
area and then these are specialty toys
like that I plays the kids with because
they're really fragile and specialists
like these and then these are board
games so these are go up high these will
be kids and then these are up high for
and I can play with them and then these
are the toys that go in their respective
bedrooms cool so you've got like a
little division line you're a nice so
I'm going to pack up all of those and
they have just a few toys ouncers it
they'll play tell we move next up is
like close so once this all gets packed
also really really good you know it's
hilarious about this whole thing
Ellie has done all of this in the time
it's taken me to pack one box of my
video no Calvin was being really cute
just a second ago like hugging him and
rocking the rocker Ethan
if you school against crazy or did crazy
you give me hugs Jack so what do you
think of Ethan we think of him she liked
him
yeah yeah that was quite the runway what
do you think of the happy board man
pretty sweet yeah what do you wish for
ah that's right okay so
that's the silliest wish I've ever heard
he wished for a triangle Illuminati
confirmed
I'm gonna get you I'm gonna get you
we've ever done dragon do over oh I
wasn't recording no I get it yeah don't
worry man I got you
and Emily's shoes her so he doesn't step
on any pokies is that right do you think
those will fit you Jackson yeah well
there they go sorry bud
I don't know if those would work the way
you want them but but I'll tell you like
cooties are like not the worst thing in
the world to have especially in this day
and age I don't know why you want me to
film with this my arms gonna fall off do
you guys want to see if I'm filming with
we're gonna building with this is the
camera that we've been using for like
the sit down it's been really nice
looking I'll use that guys it is the end
of the night we have had a ton of stuff
packed up and we still have a lot more
to do tonight I don't know what I was
thinking that project like didn't happen
today but it's going to happen I want to
do something really fun with them so
we're gonna do that soon but tomorrow
for sure where to go do something really
fun with the kids that we wanted to do
for a long time we've talked about who
told you guys who wanted to go get them
a little bear so I think we're gonna do
that maybe tomorrow that'll be fun
if we said yes we can Gareth pack yeah I
love stuffed animals oh my gosh every
time he sees when he just like grabbed
him puts his head of it just buries it
there just loves it yes so sweet thank
you guys so much for watching stuff on
hanging out with Matt and Emily were to
go to tell us them tomorrow as well
after we get over
I've done yep you guys
