is that an angry pumpkin or scary
pumpkin can you make a scary face
we're going on a date we're going on a
date we're going on a date we're going
on a date we are going on a date look at
the sunshine on my head this right so a
week ago I thought this is our last
Saturday before we move we're in a week
full of last layers our last week our
last Saturday our last date I mean our
last meal okay to finish that what we
are trying to say was we have one
Saturday left and I got a babysitter
because Jared and I I really wanted to
go on like a date like go four-wheeling
uh-huh but literally a house so so
change and that's great but we have to
talk with the electrician today so I
said well this would be a good time
we've packed a lot up at the house and I
really wanted to like come in and like
just look at the kitchen cabinet and
figure out where I want to put my stuff
that way when we move in I kind of have
an idea of where this would go if you
know Ellie or if you've learned about
Ellie throughout the vlogs is this is
the time right now that she is looking
forward to the most
I know there will be a time like at 11
o'clock at night she's like I'm gonna go
to the house and I'm gonna put all the
spice racks in or something like that
don't organize everything then like put
everything in the kitchen she's like I'm
gonna make sure it's efficient clean
nice and exactly the way that I want it
and I think that was the cutest thing
ever and I love that apologize I've done
that I was like all of our place yeah go
to our town home net that were in now
like we moved in that day and then I
ended up staying up to like two I'm
putting the kitchen awakes I'm like that
way my kitchen said that well that's I
mean I'm the same way about my office
like I will go through and I will set up
my office take it down set it up again
and just be like this is the exact way
that I want I have to make sure that
refrigerator is the exact degree that I
need so I can open it efficiently okay
yeah yeah for speaking of I think the
spice racks made the spices make
there I have to look all righty so we
took a picture of the kitchen and Jared
drew on them about where we are going to
be putting items look at this one I
think this one that's really cool like
we have cooking utensils casserole
dishes pots and pans mixing bowls
cooking oils spices like everything is
just laid out oh my goodness gracious
now he's meeting a real Prince Prince
Charming and snow white doesn't snow
white look so pretty Jackson come on
sweetheart okay let's go that's cool
what do you say buddy well that's a
pleasant surprise coming into Sam's Club
and seeing Snow White and Prince
Charming
he calls himself a prince and calls
Ellie a princess doesn't call me and
Calvin anything so we're trying to
figure out what we are maybe were the
jesters after going to the house and
discussing things with the electrician
we have another goal that we need to
accomplish today it's a very important
goal it's something that is very
important to the completion of the house
and so I've enlisted the help of some
really great people Matt Carter
Emily Drake and most importantly Ethan
we're looking at mini fridges today
just let that sink in for a little bit
bumbum bumbum bumbum
that's like exactly what I'm looking for
I want a glass front you are just the
sweetest I want a glass front so you can
see what's on the inside I want like one
row of Dr Pepper one row of water and
then some other stuff for other people
can I want to keep other people in mind
look just might keep something in mind
what do you think do I have my own room
we put whenever yeah I'll put some
Mountain Dew in there when you visit
what else should we put in there guys
juice boxes is that what you're thinking
fruit punch okay got it
okay ready one two is that fun buddy
whoa careful
so we took the measurements from the
first refrigerator and it was just like
two inches too tall to go under my desk
we're walking down to the next door to
see if they have any mini fridges their
worst case scenario we'll just get one
online online has everything units the
power in the beauty of the Internet
look at this retro one you want to open
it pull it
good job did you hear that does it stink
in there I guess we won't get that one
Ellie's an uncle came to town and they
wanted to see the house and I just think
of the funniest thing it's hearing them
all talk and just
funny like you know it's just cute to
see all of these guys hang out you know
what I had him do as I said I wanted to
look as much like Tetris as possible so
that's what they did there are we
looking at the pumpkins from the pumpkin
book look at all these silly faces
Jackson is this a sad pumpkin yes can
you make that face is that a happy
pumpkin
what is that a surprised pumpkin yeah
show me your surprised face all right
which one maybe this one right here
thank you yeah show me your surprised
face oh you do that there you go that's
a good one and then is that an angry
pumpkin or scary pumpkin no can you make
a scary face that was scary you're good
at making faces you know that we're just
getting the kids ready for bed Calvin is
already asleep
he was so tuckered out and we're just
waiting for Jackson's blanket to dry and
we're gonna go to sleep ah can you
pretend like you're asleep
yeah we went to the property a few times
today huh Nikko flabby shoe can you
pretend like you're asleep Shh you're
weak oh hey funny seeing you here you
know what is funny to me is that this
painting is no longer there this picture
so I feel like our walls are like
already naked
those pictures are gone it's like the
first year that we lived in the house we
didn't have anything up on the walls
anyway I have a few business items that
I want to go over with you guys they're
not business items they're just
paintings that I want to go over with
you real quick some of you guys have
told me that you're not seeing our
videos in your subscription box on
Twitter and on Instagram you've
commented these things well I want to
show you how to fix that it's very
simple so
let's bring in the video it's really
simple all you guys need to do is go to
our YouTube channel on your phone on
your computer and one hit the subscribe
button to hit the little bell next to
that subscribe button and three turn on
notifications this will guarantee that
you won't miss a video whenever we post
it alerts you let you know as soon as
the video goes up when the video goes up
and if you guys have noticed the past
couple days our videos have gone up
earlier than normal that's because we're
posting at 8 a.m. Pacific time 11 a.m.
Eastern Time I'm not sure all of the the
GMT time so I'm sorry you'll have to use
those as a reference but two hours
earlier than what we were doing before I
hope you guys enjoy that I hope that
works out for your schedules I think
it'll be fun for us to have our videos
out a little bit sooner so in short
really quick one boom hit that subscribe
button to hit the bell 3 turn on
notifications and you guys will never
miss another video of ours thank you for
attending this business meeting I hope
you guys enjoy it back to the action the
fog has been one thing and usually
throughout the day we try not to have
like oh all house stuff are all kids
stuff err but today has been for us all
house stuff all day long and I did love
it was fun going to the house and doing
like preparation for where we're
planning all of our activities and I
planned kind of how I wanted the kids is
bathroom to be and so I'm not much of a
huge project person but tomorrow we're
gonna do a little crafts a little
project with the kids that involve the
Legos so I'll tell you more about that
tomorrow but kids went to bed way early
tonight
I think well we were just running like
crazy today it's fine asleep as I was
holding I was like I'm gonna lay down so
everyone's pooped but we are having fun
we're excited for tomorrow and we'll see
you guys later
thanks for watching
