hey crack hey cowboy
you putting on your boots this morning
oh you guys are gonna Majan that's gonna
look so cute do you have some boots to
wear yeah you guys are all gonna look so
cute today you so cute what a cute
little kid so I'm driving back down to
Salt Lake today and I'm speaking for
YouTube I'm gonna be on a panel YouTube
is in Utah in and I'm like super excited
but I'm a little bit nervous like it's
not every day that YouTube comes a year
stay and asked you to speak on a panel
well let me rephrase that I was really
nervous until Ellie waxed my unibrow and
now I have all the confidence that I
need to tackle this task the laundry
room hat finally has white in it the
electrician is here look now we can
finally like really see it it looks so
good I know the thing that babies think
is cute I like this we'll put a hamper
basket under there like this would be so
fun I cannot wait for it to get
installed Oh shun Bonnie and the family
the house just answer the hundred
questions it's fun coming here huh Ellie
walked in it was like this guy came over
this guy and it was like okay
it's fun it's about like answering
questions and helping via part of it's
really fun so going to the house I had
no idea I was just going to show Bonnie
but like a lot of the workers were there
and they had questions and I just the
electrical guy I just used so nice and
helpful he was like no what do you do
for a living because I kept saying no I
want the garage lights to be just as
good quality is the other lights and use
like nuts a little more expensive and I
said that's okay and he was like no what
do you do and I said you know we're
internet base do we just want to make I
just want to make sure our lighting is
really good because we'll probably do
lots of stuff in the garage I'm sure
with projects and so he was telling me
about this panel that you can get that
will help your internet be faster or
clear or whatnot
anyway after talking different that his
son was there and I was like it's kid
that you bring your son to work that's
so fun
and he was like yeah he was terminally
ill aside from Africa it's he's the only
one in the world
what yeah it's something with this
kidneys I just wanted to hug him but it
just he was just such a nice guy and his
son was so cute I just want to show that
because on Instagram today I just felt
this morning like I was like I wonder
what like all of our viewers are up to I
feel like I don't ask you guys a lot and
so I instagrammed I was like what are
you guys all up to today and just all
your comments again my job is like a lot
of you work just relaxing hating now a
lot of you guys had a lot of stuff going
on just all of your guys's stories it
was fun to see and read and I commented
back to a lot of you guys and just so I
just have a full heart this morning it
was fun to be able to talk to you guys
and talk with the workers at the house
at a more personable level and so
there's just fun sake back up
quack quack we are at the duck pond
looking at everyone and the weather is
beautiful today guys you can see all the
deck we're gonna spend the afternoon
here just running around looking around
look at the family over there Wow
oh girl coming to say hi to hood
see cracker-like
Calvin are you talking to them he loves
this look look at all of the Ducks guys
Kelvin is like loving this what who died
safe say crack crack crack these are the
most friendliest sex ever they've been
around a lot of people it looks like I
can't believe we haven't really been up
here a long time Kelvin is like trying
to say crap he's loving this can you
guys see the deer over there
there's the other deer it's down there
drinking the water look at the deer so
pretty so fun Calvin needed to take a
seat
you just parked right there mister I'm
really enjoying my time with you right
now you think this is so cool I'm really
enjoying my day it's just been so nice
like this the weather is beautiful
Jackson's been throwing them what have
you been doing you've been throwing
grass grass to the dirt they burning in
on
that was fun I just finished up at
YouTube speaking with YouTube and I got
this little YouTube baggie filled with
YouTube goodies in here there's youtube
socks in here hey Stuart edge how are
you right thanks for sitting next to me
and and validating my feelings about
this well Jared said is like arts
through the vlog and then I was like I
like okay so just just walk up to it
update give them an update what is the
update
Jerez red you're gonna be driving a
Tesla right now the handles just popped
out
it's a seven seater so you can cut two
seats back here the three right there
and then the two of them it says 80
pounds it's kind of like the ideal but
these are two kids seats yes like right
at the station it is it's like the old
days station wagon gives up just a
rocketship do you want me to drive to
somewhere good and then you drive over
you know I want you to drive me so I
want to look around just so he's not too
scared people are scared so usually I do
like to drive so this isn't like the p90
be the faster ones but it's good hey I
mean like look look at all this look at
the size of this thing my computer's not
even that big do you guys hear that
listen how quiet this is it was not even
expecting that oh my gosh this is the
craziest thing I've ever experienced oh
my goodness
le I know what I want for Christmas time
oh my gosh oh my gosh it's the
acceleration you don't have to there's
no spark plugs there's no gas that needs
to go through and it's like rubber you
don't feel like a victory buddy because
he just likes quietly just and that's
the thing is I think that's the most
unnerving thing is that you don't hear
the engine Rev yeah there's nothing
revving or like gearing up for it okay
we got Jared coming back in the car so
what do you feel like you're sitting in
this car right now I feel like right now
it just feels like a normal car okay
well that go straight right here the
weird thing is it's just so quiet
you better go tell you well that was an
adventure that was Dan from what's
inside and then Stuart ed you guys know
Stuart he's been on our channel a few
times that was amazing I just got done
having a huge meeting with the
landscaper and the excavators outside
and they were just trying to figure out
how we want to finish off the yard and
what we're gonna do as far as grass and
pavers and whatnot it was really fun my
mind is like there's a lot my mind right
now but I was just picking out the grout
colors for the kitchen and I was talking
to the tog I am and I looked up I was
like you already did it you did the
kitchen they did the kitchen today look
at the backsplash I'm so happy with it
like this is the kitchen backsplash I
love it it's not too dark it's like a
bluish gray I love it so happy that they
even did the fireplace too so Monday
they'll grout and then the tile will be
done so happy I like the tile on here
too
it's crazy we're not used to having our
bill be big in our in our space now so I
need all the lights off honey I'm home I
have been driving oh my goodness
gracious look at all of this stuff it's
like a tornado went through here we are
moving soon and this is what it looks
like this is my gosh I don't think our
houses ever looked like this before yeah
we're getting the kids bed and we've got
to work it's pumpkin day Mouse Jackson
we used to read this book to you all the
time last year and you want to know what
your favorite page was was it the happy
face no was it the sad face no was it
the silly face no big what's that oh Moo
this was your favorite pumpkin Jackson
did you know that scary pumpkin mad
pumpkin we used to read that to you all
the time Jackson and laugh do you
remember that mm-hmm you have a good
memory don't you don't you don't you
have a good memory do you like that
pumpkin okay boys did you say quack
say quack quack all right boys it's time
for bed come give me hugs give me hugs
cow oh did you just dodge that hug come
here account give me thanks Oh
okay Jackson what about you will you
give me a hug oh that's a nice chin hug
say goodnight
say goodnight I can't tell you how many
times I have fallen asleep editing more
often than not it happens during a DBE
jck vacay but now it is just happening
at my couch I am editing a video that is
going up on Elly's channel it is our
second-to-last house design video it's
up actually right now have a link to it
down below but Ellie and I were talking
about this whole YouTube thing that we
did today her that I did today and I've
said this a couple times in the past
videos but I just want to reiterate it
because it is very important to me one
thing that we talked about was our
audience and how our audience is such a
huge important part of what we do on
YouTube like you guys are the other end
of this camera like I'm talking to you
through the camera and I'm talking to
people not fans not not you guys aren't
just like you're not analytics you're
our friends and we've developed this
relationship and we have this community
together and we try to remember that as
much as we possibly can thank you for
helping us build this community and and
making it mean something to us and
hopefully it means something to you guys
too we love it and we're grateful for it
it is late we have made some really
great headway on packing we took the
five pictures that we've had on our wall
the only five pictures off and we bagged
the homes and we are done for the night
another day check and it is Saturday
tomorrow it's gonna be great day we're
gonna have tons of fun we have some
meetings with the builders tomorrow and
I'm pulling it okay thanks for watching
guys you are awesome
