grandpa's they get you to crash good
morning guys and nothing like to start
your day off than a powdered donut but
note and editing your video I just added
it on my toddler challenge that Missy
tagged me in it was really fun and we
are on our way to an appointment for
Calvin yep got some errands to run
it is rainy and cold and Jackson has
spent the morning helping grandma do
some yard work and now it's just getting
ready to rain so we all came in but
grandma put a new rock into her window
well did you do that come up it looks so
pretty up there so Jackson helped
grandma and the kids now are just
playing Jackson has been wanting to cut
I want to cut something this way so it's
all cut something so he can sit up here
and cut paper did you shovel it no car
he's helping me Clark
you shoveled in the trailer yes
so we just finished with a YouTube by
ever forget what's the class and
everything oh you want me to sign this
okay I'm signing this YouTube fellow
isn't this cool I love it so we just
broke for lunch and they have these
awesome little like YouTube cupcakes
isn't that the coolest thing ever I
don't know if I should eat it or just
keep it forever
see ya so we just finished up at the
YouTube event and it was like awesome it
was so good YouTube came to Utah and we
just talked about like you guys our
audience like how we can have a good
relationship with you guys and what we
can do as creators to develop that and
it just made me one grateful for our
amazing audience the community that we
have created together too
it makes me think about like what I can
do crazy she's vlog bombing me to what
Ellie and I can do to like keep that
going to establish a better relationship
and how we can talk more with you guys
because this is like a conversation that
we're having I always tell people when
we meet that they asked like is it weird
you know when people come up to you I
say no absolutely not it's like we're
continuing a conversation that we've
been having for a long time it's there's
no icebreakers we're just picking up
where we left off so this was awesome
there's another event tomorrow that I'm
speaking at there's like a panel and
they have like five of us that are
speaking and there will be like a couple
hundred people here I think but I'm very
excited it's just it's cool that YouTube
came to Utah to talk to us about
developing an audience growing an
audience and and working with you guys
and then developing this awesome
relationship that we go
I just love like conferences like that I
love getting together with other
youtubers and talking about YouTube it's
so motivating and it's exciting and I
love it but it's also like there's a
downside to it because it makes me
realize I have all of these huge dreams
and big plans that I want to do with
YouTube and it's just like crap do I
have enough time to do this am I able to
make it happen am i able to achieve
these dreams this and so it's so made so
motivating to do that and have these
meetings where you discuss those things
it's pretty fun having your baby toddler
fall asleep on you like in Jackson's
been calling in our bed lately and
sometimes you're like oh but it's really
cute
yeah okay but when you go up hills you
got to remember to pedal fast okay give
me a high five you're doing awesome
buddy
he didn't give you the time of day he
knows better than that yeah he's got
black petals that's right
what colors your bike what no that's
right were you chicken is that silly hop
on your seat with each day that we get a
little bit closer to moving into the
house I feel like well we have to at
least go by and see what they've done
well I got a phone call today that they
said that they brought the appliances
and let's see what they look at that
this must be the stove I'm thinking
maybe and then these are the pedestals
for the uh-huh and then that's the
microwave is there any dr. pepper in
there Ali oh right that's my fridge
right that's my fridge we'll have all
this stuff in there
pretty sweet good I'm excited
oh we forgot his little coat we were
looking for that today we're looking for
your coat good thing we have another one
for you do you want it
I thought I just said we're looking for
oh wow look yeah there's a washer and
dryer in there yeah that's good it's
becoming ours Ellie this is becoming our
house so we need to start packing Ellie
thank God
Jackson what is that is that a fridge do
you like it
are we gonna put dr. pepper in there
yeah yeah that looks so good Ellie did
he do the upstairs one I didn't even
notice
gotta go to shoes oh no they didn't okay
Ellie this is what we need to do Ellie
this is what we need to do right now
it's so good they've got a grout it
still but I think it looks good let's
get a white shot of it yeah
then I did necessarily want to the floor
just because I think it looks really
nice okay what I was going to say I
think that I was going to say with my
mouth using words and combinations of
the sentences of paragraphs is this we
have to go home right now and we need to
start packing we have one week before we
move out whether this house is done or
not we have one week we need to go home
and pack we're starting today I know
you've done a little bit but we're
starting today we have to go home and
pack right now yeah I'm gonna be gone
pretty much all day tomorrow so we're
gonna pack up like all of the things
that we don't use on a regular basis so
like I can have all of your makeup all
of your clothes all of those things that
you don't use we're packing okay oh my
gosh we are idiots we left this here -
Ellie oh you're just like so excited
that we're just like leading if you want
to say I'm gonna love the copper look
like it's a bronze ish look it's it's
pretty heavy yeah gosh every time we
come here it's like Christmas it's like
a big surprise oh water they have to
have them on the bedrooms oh that's
where they have to have another bedroom
is those those ladders oh wow Ellie look
at these like look what they did they
teared it even look they teared it even
more than I thought they would it looks
really good I think it looks nice it's
gonna allow for some more planting up
here so it doesn't look I mean if you
look at it like like that it looks like
there's just rock but allowing for more
tears it breaks it up a little bit more
so you can have like more foliage and
planting and stuff Jared was a little
worried that it would take them out too
much of the space up there which it does
a little bit but I like this little
better because a kid won't necessarily
there's not gonna be much I'll fall but
it will be as far
it looks great though I mean they're
bringing in lots of rock and it looks
good
well this escalated quickly so what's
the game plan here I'll see if I can
first the game plan is I have everything
I need for chocolate chip cookies for
when we live in oh I will make chocolate
chip cookies I'm trying to just pack up
some of the things that I won't be using
like I need a white for my little cookie
jar and just some of like these items
like that I'm not going to be using this
week you know so I'm just going to
wiping things out and starting to pack
that's crazy
nervous yeah I feel weird it doesn't
feel normal
we've been here for so long and we're
about to like pack up and leave like
that just feels so weird to me I feel
different moving into our home then I
have in twelve-hour apartments so be our
fourth move and last move and all of our
other places giddy and you would think I
would be and I am but I just have a
different feeling about it
like I just don't feel like it's our so
maybe it's cuz it's bill and it's
different I'm nervous
well I know exactly how you feel because
like part of me is like we're gonna get
into this house in the last minute
they're gonna say sorry you can't have
it it's something didn't work out it's
not yours anymore it's the neighbors and
they get to keep it and we're like no
it's just a feeling of we've never been
in a place before that's permanent it's
always been a temporary place we're
renting but now this is the first time
that we own a home and it just feels a
little bit different than it did before
it's very very exciting but like I said
we have butterflies I mean we're packing
our life up again
well it is almost midnight but Ellie
made some really great headway on
packing up the kitchen look at all of
these boxes we got here good job le
I just wasn't just sitting there I was
editing I had two videos edited Ellie
has a brand new video on her channel
leveling - a double oak they do the
toddler dresses me challenge so check
that out and that's gonna be it from us
thank you so much for watching guys it's
the weekend it's time to party we hope
you have a great one I have some fun
stuff going on tomorrow so I'm very
excited about that thank you so much for
watching I'll see you tomorrow bye
