there's so much work for your little
body you can do it I believe in you I
give up no one's awake hi Jackson did
you just wake up good morning my babies
I just got back from the gym I went
before you even woke up is a poopy ha ha
ha ha ha thank you yep Calvin has a big
poopy he just woke up he's so groggy
every day we get just a little bit
closer do the Owls and it's driving me
insane it's just like come so fast I
can't wait but I have to the Builder
called us today and was just like hey we
need to make sure we get all of your
light fixtures in the house so they can
install them so like that's just another
box that's getting checked off and we're
so excited I think they said what Friday
to help all those installed normally I
would order things and they would have
it there but you can't cause any like so
we like EA and the places they sent us
some here
yeah oh yeah it looks so handsome too so
we ended up just giving our lights
ourselves and then we have them here so
we just need to bring him to the
hospital you to open them up we should
go slower no we're gonna open them up
make sure they're good and not broke or
anything and then go drop off at the
house can you wing Jackson and you meet
wink this last like I don't know two
weeks you've been trying to tell Jackson
you can't get on your seat tell your
excuse and he was doing really good
sitting there while I was wiping up
that's like okay you're excused
then we'd out anyway you're cute there
you go that's a power wink right there
all right Jackson just remember just
like last time kay you pedal pedal pedal
pedal pedal oh my gosh I didn't even
push him oh good recovery good job here
your knee pads a little loose let's get
your knee pad
all right pedal pedal pedal and don't
don't stop template just keep going keep
going keep going you got it see he's
just like riding a bike you are cruising
hmm
look at that face of concentration it's
concentrated face if I've ever seen one
you know how to ride a bike oh oh you
got your brakes there you go hey that's
alright it's okay when you fall cuz you
know why you get right back up and you
try again right let's do it again
Hey okay oh come on up on the corner
what is he gonna do what is he gonna do
when he gets to the corner what are you
gonna do when we get to the corner oh I
think your kneepads are restricting you
a little bit you took that corner just
fine yesterday
there's my boy getting started on the
balance bike not so cool yeah I give you
a few months and it'll be snowing
outside but you'll be in the garage plan
that'll be so much fun they'll have tons
of space to play in the garage when it's
cold outside and snowy ding ding ding
ding good job you say it say ding ding
ding ding oh my gosh I can't keep up
with it
you're doing great Jackson look at you
go your little pro you know that whoo
turn this side good show good turn buddy
that's my boy ok turn this way turn this
way you're doing it yeah buddy
ohh even getting the bumps ohh ohh
there you go hey good catch bud you ok
ok let's go over there but hey you know
what let's go to the property and show
your friends how you can ride a bike ok
ok come on spider me in hands can I get
these lights to the house are you
looking down from your side Jackson it's
pretty heavy for me are you sure you're
pulling your own weight
missus I don't believe him you gotta see
this
look at the countertops I thought we
would be like three or four days away
from this these look awesome
happy with the blue vein and yeah Wow I
was shocked about those thicker eyes is
it not this I gotta see
oh my gosh I didn't even think they'd be
that big this is so huge look at all
that shelving I thought it was just
gonna be the top not both holy cannoli
oh my goodness gracious what the Hello
Kitty no knobs yet can't open up oh my
gosh and this is almost done they've got
a grout that we've got garage doors Oh
like all the countertop all of them the
pantry my little let's go ahead that was
like so fast oh my gosh do you know how
many things you'll be able to store in
here until you take out all these that
we're gonna put in like our camping here
yeah
I was not expecting countertops to be em
today and I'm very excited so this is
the countertop for the kitchen and I'm
really happy with how it turned out I
think it's beautiful and then white my
favorite countertop and the whole house
is the one that we chose for the main
bathroom upstairs and the green in it
and matches the accent tiles in the
shower and I think it's beautiful and
when we were picking this out he said
that it wasn't large enough to be one
piece so that they'd have to cut it and
he was a little worried about that not
that he didn't want to do it but he just
wanted to make sure that we liked that
because normally they don't like to do
that but it really likes the countertop
so much that I didn't mind if it was cut
so you can see the little seam right
here and I don't mind that at all I
think it's beautiful and I haven't
considered a sir problem yet oh my
goodness roots bring in the lights with
end install lights and very happy very
happy looks so good
very nice I just went to grab Jackson to
Sean the basement and he's already I got
walking this way
he's already outside playing with all
his friends so he is in the front yard
with his little friends and Jer and I
gonna show you guys his his doctor
that's so cute
every time you pull he goes my friends I
like them ah they're there inside and
then by the time you leave
kids gather outside and then they all
play oh oh my gosh they touched I finish
it that is Wow
CK this is the bathroom countertops Oh
guys I just I just could pee my pants
holy crap so this remnant is actually
Bonnie's remand this is the same piece
that Bonnie has in her kitchen and when
we picked it out like oh you could use
bodies remnant but they told Bonnie that
there was
no remnant left weird huh anyway I was
like Bonnie you can have if you want for
your basement bathroom but she thought
it was fine it was cute so anyway so I
we got that remnant and oh my gosh the
tile beautiful like this is such a fun
basement bathroom it's a little more has
a little more color cuz it's the
basement I want to be a little deeper
and richer like seriously it looks so
good so good love it
are you saying goodbye to your friends
let's go inside we have to we have to
show you your bathroom he's like this is
my bedroom
this is Calvin's bathroom like he
doesn't care it looks so good I love
like the white and dark like this
countertop looks so good the floor looks
awesome yeah I was honestly so surprised
that they installed it this fast like
they I thought it would be like the end
of like the week maybe the beginning of
next week I talked to the Builder and
damn it what's the habits are devil took
about five days allowed so when we done
tell but they're done yeah final stages
guys well on our way out they've got
even more rock they're doing so much fun
things he said when we see the backyard
there's gonna be a lot of rock and it
made with a little scary he said but
just wait until you get your plants and
greenery and he said it'll soften the
rock saw which I love it I think this is
so cool best playground ever Jackson is
in this huge hole of dirt let me see
your head I see guys my y'all wanna play
go see if you can climb up there's so
much work for your duty buddy you can do
it I believe in here I give up oh let me
see
say hi to mommy hi so cue is deep in
there
hey Cal where's your head I'd get up
there but I didn't really wear the right
attire where are ya ha ha
Kelvin look uh ki adalat body is are you
okay he's like I can't move my mom I
can't with mine ah get the dirt off uh
and I just gotta have um our appliances
get in tomorrow we are gonna have a
frigerator on microwave a dishwasher
washer/dryer - ma ro all of those things
are amazing I'm so glad that getting
those things - oh my gosh literally like
the days are counting down I've already
packed two boxes we've gotta start
packing a lot more than two boxes if we
want to be moved out just weeks one week
in two days I just want the whole block
is just gonna be like me screaming
running around screaming so yesterday
was awesome
Jackson rode a bike today he's doing
even better on the bike it's been great
yesterday I filmed a large portion of
Jackson's bike riding with the new GoPro
Hero 5 on my personal channel I did an
unboxing video and I discovered
something amazing that will like totally
change the game for vloggers so if like
you if you're interested in starting
your own vlogging channel go check out
my video I'll have a link down below and
like in the corner I can't remember
which side it's one of these corners
click the I check it out because it's
it's really really cool if you're
looking into like starting to vlog and
need a camera so we got the kids to bed
and I've just kind of been like looking
at the comments from today's video
throughout the day it has been so cool
to see everyone saying things like I
remember when you guys had your struggle
with Jackson that you saw the egg that
we were going to have and then you
thought of you laid it and we thought we
missed our opportunity and everything
and things worked out and now here he is
riding a bike it's so cool that you guys
have been along with us on this journey
to see where we have been when we've
been down and then walking through this
triumph together it's been amazing
all of the comments about Jackson and
like I gave him like this little pep
talk like it's okay if you fall down
what matters is that you get back up and
try again I was looking at the comments
and I just thought like that is life
like that is the most important
thing that we can remember I think we
are going to have hard times we are
going to fall down but what's important
is that we get back up and we try again
and we don't let the bumps and bruises
and the scrapes that we get have an
effect on us they can have an effect on
us for a little while but we've got to
get back up and get on the bike and
start pedaling you know what I mean le
like there was a quote during this
weekend when we were listening to all
those talks it says the joy we feel has
little to do with the circumstances of
our lives and everything to do with the
focus of our lives right now we do have
a lot of like wonderful things happening
but at the end of the day it's like my
joy my focus is my family and like
that's what brings me joy and you know
building the home is fump that's not
what brings me pure joy in my heart and
seeing Jackson ride his bike was I guess
it was one of our best days in a long
time just as a family just it was
wonderful it's such a blessing for us to
look back where we were and where we are
now so I I don't know I think like I
said like that's something that I needed
to hear me say for my benefit and I hope
there are some people out there who can
take that and maybe it comes to good use
for you guys I've been hearing
especially today on the East Coast that
they are in a stage of evacuation and
they are getting ready for Matt the
Matthew storm hurricane Nephi and
specifically our friend Jenny lives
there and she's preparing for this big
storm and we just we have a lot of
thoughts and prayers out to you guys
especially those of you that live there
or have family and friends there
stay safe like if you guys are in an
evacuation zone I hopefully this video I
don't know if you see it or not but like
stay safe do what you can to stay safe
we're thinking about you guys global as
well like my brother was in Jamaica and
that there went through Jamaica
Hurricane Matthew was in Jamaica
apparently and stay safe guys while
you're out there were thinking of you
thank you guys so much for watching and
like always we'll see you tomorrow
have a wonderful night bye
