what in the world are you doing oatmeal
okay what do you think cow is it good
yeah oh this you Oh bless you what about
you you have sewn your mouth is it good
no yeah okay well this is what we have
to eat so starting in I think it's
really good haha I kind of think that
he's lying
oh that I am NOT putting TV on I am NOT
you're not gonna play toys until you eat
your breakfast thank you it is really
unlike it a lot Thank You Jackson my
client buddy and I did not tell him to
say okay do a spoon Cal you need it you
have two spoons hahaha are you in your
own bites oh thank you thank you good
thank you
look at me thank you so so much yeah
mommy works hard and cooks that means
you all have to eat it with a smile on
your face Jer and I just filmed our very
last update for my channel in this house
and we got a little emotional yeah it
was it's fun to look back at where we
started in this place like we haven't
even told the story of like how he came
upon this apartment and it's just we
never did and maybe we will someday my
mistake slot seeing that it was to us
it's been such an emotional journey and
spend so fun and we've filmed the last
video and we were just
and at the very end like this has been
our home we're about to make a new one
so today I filmed three videos two
hospitals on one video of Jackson do you
like my attire you can see how it got
put together on Thursday but the last
house video is going up on the 14th and
that is when we were moving out of this
house whether our new house has done an
act we have to move out of here so
should be done but yep the 14th we're
moving I've got lunch that's almost done
there is a roast with carrots potatoes
onions really yummy in there so dinner's
done filming is done kids are down for
naps crazy care just that's all I have
to say I just you know what I ever say
what I love you how come here
look don't be sad look Jordy camera see
how your friends know you sturdy right
now yeah you just woke up from a 3-hour
nap oh did you want your for him you
took such a good nap he's so proud of
you
that's so good you know that's why I'm
able to film videos on my channel I took
a good little break but now that I'm
able to get more rest like at night cuz
Kaba suits through the night now I've
been coming mourn that makes me so happy
it makes you happy you're better you see
I was a Cal State hmm I've loved a
Jackson do you know what daddy has a
surprise for you
yeah do you want to know what it is
wait we are gonna go into the store and
we're gonna pick out a pedal bike for
you a peg oh boy yeah a big one a big
one just for you to ride okay should we
go do it oh let's go yeah let's go let's
go okay buddy I see a couple bikes right
here I see a blue one and I see an
orange one do you like the blue one or
do you like the orange one better which
one do you think what are you I like the
orange one yeah should we pick that one
yeah okay let's pick it up so I want to
get Jackson a bike but there's one thing
that I want to do with Jackson's been
doing so good on his balance bike that I
want to take these training wheels off
now we're gonna see how you do all by
yourself do you think you can do that
let's go okay show me how you do it
right now
good um let's go see if we can find mom
and show it to okay okay Jackson we're
taking your training wheels off you know
what that means
you've got a pedal pedal pedal pedal
pedal okay we're trying yep you got to
use those in pedal all right here's one
you can hold that for a little bit yeah
now there's another thing that you need
to know there's going to be a time where
you may fall down or you may get hurt
but the important thing is that you
never give up you get back up you get
back on that bike and you never give up
okay you think you can do that
alright kind of a high five yes looking
rock and roll let's go
should we get your kneepads on I just
remember pedal pedal pedal and don't
stop pedaling okay can you do that you
ready to go here we go
Janson hi fine that was his first Troy
Jackson I'm so proud of you oh my gosh
go yeah that was amazing
you wanna do it again
ready here we go
here we go keep pedaling pedal pedal
pedal pedal
Jackson I am so proud of you buddy -
I'll buy this turned out I know he's it
asking for pedal bike all sever I'm five
with pedals
you're so oh my gosh I'm so proud oh my
gosh talk about like amazing moment with
your kid
you're doing it more like a fool
I'm here I'm so happy right now I
surprised you
good job good job
look at me give me a thumbs up right to
one all are you doing yeah now just
remember to pedal okay
pedal hard and fast you got it all right
see I've got it let's go
yeah
I'm so happy right now
I ran over my stuff in front of them to
get little nervous I got close to the
camera oh I don't care he's doing it
Kelly you're doing so good too he's been
pushing your racket you push it away
again you like it
again no need to cry and such food Oh
moans so like happy for him like I'm so
happy like it's just cool as a parent
it's so cool when your kid first learns
to crawl and walk and ride a bike well
it was just like like I've said this a
million times like I will be the
happiest when I get home from work and
the kids run out to me as a daddy like
this is another one of those thin
instead he said I'm so proud of him
that's cool kids took bass in there just
now in bed and I have a giant giant mess
to clean up so I'm gonna get to that and
I am watching the streamys alive right
now Brian and Missy I'm rooting for you
guys look so cool there so ya gotta
clean up the living room because it's a
disaster and let's do it wrong now we're
gonna do wrong now
so Jackson kept riding the bike for like
another hour too and he just got better
and better every time and we were
telling my parents about this and I was
like deaf what was it like when I
learned how to ride my bike and my mom
was like uh I taught you how to ride a
bike I was behind you I was like what I
totally didn't realize that so thank you
mom for teaching me how to ride a bike
this was such a fun day like some day
that we're gonna remember forever and
I'm so glad that we had it on film
yeah favorites in a really long time
Jackson rode his bike from our place to
the park a few times and my feet are raw
graben Calvin and running across the
road but seriously such a fun day yeah
I'm glad that he got I am too yes he has
on this little stride rider whatever it
is yeah congratulations to Philip
DeFranco for winning show of the year
Brian and Missy like how amazing is it
that our friends were even there so cool
congratulations guys with that we're
gonna call it a night
thank you so much for watching and we'll
see you tomorrow bye
