put it on it our little little bit of
yeah your patter pitter do your shoes on
now a lot of people have noticed the
kids shoes they've asked for we brought
them I thought that it babies are many
reps you don't really like this it's
raining and stormy in it you can have to
like your best
so put your air today yeah you look so
good in handsome Jackson you a great in
handsome let's go run our errands good
morning guys so Ellie dropped off the
car here at Walmart to get the oil
changed and I am sneaking here she
doesn't know I'm here yet and I think
this is a perfect opportunity to try and
scare her so let's go find her
you
I've walked through the whole store and
I haven't found her until just now I was
about
walk out and see if she was actually
still here but I found them to check
mine tonalist
he go I don't think I can ski because I
mines gonna check out lady
we'll see
boogity boogity boo hi yeah hi guys so
they were like three hours back for
lunch and you know got box boxes oh my
gosh cuz we're moving we were a little
bit but we definitely need a start
yeah hey buddy how are you did I scare
you
good singing buddy daddy finger daddy
finger where are you
yeah Hiromi um finish it off buddy how
do you get yeah switch and baby spectrum
baby Calvin you address him with a
proper name oh that was sweet
watch his face go we gonna find joy ride
look at that face like look at his look
deeper czar out your loud keepers are
out okay go get in the car
okay jacks look at mama you and daddy
are gonna go to a play area with Cody
and by then I'm good Joe and Bonnie yes
and Olivia
yes Robbins we got half on a daddy
Calvin and I are going to finish up
taking care of the roost today and we're
gonna go get the tires rotated so
they're going to go play at the area I
am not bringing Calvin because this play
area is too rough for his neck right now
and I have errands I need to run and so
Calvin will be wet little buddy you are
the prettiest woman I have ever seen in
my entire life
now you're beautiful I love you so much
you are stinking cute you know that put
your seat are you kidding me Ellie I
leave you for one second and your
seatbelts not on oh my gosh you're lucky
there's no officers of the law around
here right now things I put up with Oh
I'll pull you over anytime Wow now the
main idea of today oh you got lunch can
I have a bike key licious that good oh
good now the main point of today was to
run errands and get things done we have
to get the oil change in the car and we
were trying to get the oil change in the
van
apparently the Pacifica only needs an
oil change like every 10,000 miles and
we're still quite a ways away from that
which totally blew my mind we wanted to
get the goat both the cars done at the
same time so we kind of had things on
the same schedule but we don't need to
do that so Jax and I are available right
now uncle Joel called us and said hey
we're going to this place so the kids if
you and Jackson want to come and we said
absolutely so we're going to a place
where I actually need to change my
clothes into something more appropriate
because you want to know why Jackson
we're not going to just any old play
area we're going to the trampoline park
clearly I'm way more interested in that
there you go that's the attitude I'm
looking for you ready to go bud let's go
you
you
I'm in the zone
Oh baby you didn't like that did you
that too big of a ball
you
you
you
I put it on it earlier than oh yeah yeah
hold on the sides homicide failure now
go
borrowed it our little run there so
guilty that go ha ha ha ha ha Jackson
which one was your favorite book to read
right oh that one's still your favorite
this is your favorite last week it's
pumpkin day mouse that was your favorite
but tonight we read the Daniel Tiger
Halloween book we've been reading lots
of Halloween bugs tonight huh you've all
read it one more time
Calvin you're ready for bed mama is
almost ready for bed Jackson did you
have a good day today
what was your favorite part about today
and you know you don't know what see ask
you um Polly you went to the trampoline
park what Jackson's favorite part of the
day was probably the trampoline park
and I actually really enjoyed just
running errands and I really enjoyed
eating a ice-cream with Calvin
while the tires were getting rotated we
saw an ice cream come together and it
was so sweet so I've had a really good
day I hope you guys have had a good day
I'm going to go ahead and put my sweet
little kids to bed you really are so
good with each other I just I just can't
even I can't even sure they're just so
cute I just love you ok say good night
good night Calvin can you say good night
good night ok oh good night
