are you making sure he's buckled did you
already give him a kiss goodbye
good morning guys and a happy Sunday it
is a great day to spend time with family
my brother's here for just a little bit
longer and we're gonna go say hello oh
my goodness was that like a magic trick
or something that you just did oh my
goodness
I said yesterday that every six months
we have this conference where we give
these positive uplifting messages and
everything but there's one thing that's
even just as good as that and at a
Sunday morning when we all get together
as a family and what do we eat guys we
eat eat cinnamon rolls together watch
cinnamon rolls cinnamon rolls oh my
goodness cinnamon rolls let's go
good morning we're here to partake in
the tradition of our family cinnamon
rolls oh that's a sound machine
cinnamon rolls I can smell it in the
other there's no so good where are you
where are you cinnamon rolls oh there
they are
YUM do you smell em Jackson my favorite
- the whole world Oh what are they we
laid down a blanket for the kids so I
can sit and play on my doing so good
staying on it and next to it and they're
having such a good time they're doing
better than I thought
are you showing me what you made good
job buddy how sweet is that
like I think it's so cute that they're
just sitting there playing together on
the blanket
is that Ethan Jackson yeah hi Ethan did
you just wake up yeah you're such a
happy little fool if I'm happy and I'm
Sookie Oh
huh we got change that diaper just give
him a kiss on the forehead let me go go
oh it's so sweet
Jackson yeah I want another brother or
do you want a sister no I think you want
a sister a baby sister you know you
should do some time you should go up to
mommy and say mommy can I ever be the
sister and she will she don't think it's
so cute if we get a baby sister what
should we name her ah apply a price okay
wreck-it Ralph oh that's a good name for
a little sister hey Ralph I'm a good
name for a little sister King candy yeah
according to Drake Ethan was supposed to
be fence hey bud hey fence Oh cute
bumble um Ethan who's good to see you
hey you're on airplane you gotta be safe
and buckled your second airplane ride
ever no oh my goodness you are such a
good baby Ethan is so sweet I don't
think I heard him make a pee like isn't
your baby thirty point buck good boy
buck dirty but well it's good to see you
Matt seriously seeing you I know we just
give hugs on your camera and now I never
like okay go to you bugs again yeah oh
no subscribe to Shea so much yeah it's
not fun tasting scrub not that I kiss
math Matt skrah why'd you want to cheat
my season a you an A cup
here are you making sure he's buckled
did you say goodbye to him because then
did you say goodbye to eat then get your
job
did you already give him a kiss goodbye
good job not too fast slow down Hey oh
it's okay it's okay
Oh your birthday did you a bubble I
can't Calvin can you say goodbye to two
Ethan bye well that is the end of
General Conference that is the end for
six months these amazing talks and one
that stuck out to me I think the most
this weekend was from Henry be hiring
and it was just to talk about gratitude
talking about the things that you're
thankful for this weekend something
happened and it just really hit me and
it connected and I think that's why this
talk was so meaningful to me Ellie
posted and I posted that today October
2nd two years ago we posted a video that
announced that we were pregnant with cow
and we have two beautiful amazing
incredible boys like you Jackson you
four-eyes hey you are you Hulk smashing
me right now
and I posted that video to Facebook and
I saw a lot of comments saying this is
the first video that I saw I'm Ellie and
Jared you can't hurt me I'm made of
steel not there don't hit me there I
posted the video to Facebook and I saw a
lot of comments saying that the
pregnancy announcement the surprise
pregnancy announcement with Calvin was a
lot of people's very first videos and
that they've been with us
for two years now it just made me like
so emotional better you guys have been
with us for two years that you guys have
been with us even longer than that that
some of you guys have just now started
following this journey that we're going
on together thinking back over the past
few years so many things have happened
so many changes have happened and I just
can't help but think how grateful I am
for you guys for my family for
everything that's going on for this
journey that we're going on together and
I want you guys to know how grateful I
am for the roof over my head for our
kids for everything like it just it
makes me so emotional and just so
grateful so thank you that was like one
of the the biggest things about this
weekend that I enjoyed the most and one
of my favorite talks where they had
talked about discipline and judging and
I'm really bad with words I'm just going
to try and find the talking hub in the
description but one of the big things
that stood out was they talked about
discipline and love and when
disciplining our children that the love
comes first and you can discipline in a
loving teaching way so that's what stood
out the most to me so I really enjoyed
that so hopefully if that's out I'll
have that in the description below
it is writing oh my gosh we came to the
house and measure some things and it's
just pouring I love it look at these
clouds look at that beauty you hear that
look at the raindrops that looks so cool
we're looking at the rock out here and
like what the guy did he finished up
yesterday looks so good
on your notes try keep him dry he was
right Jackson's over there with his
friends just playing on the trampoline
they're all jumping in the rain you know
it's crazy
my phone is getting sopping wet and I
don't mind one bit because remember that
one time I put in the sink
this is so cool oh it's beautiful
beautiful look at the Sun just peek
through there Hey ready pray come here
Cal Johnson
you can play okay not firetruck
they are Halloween pajamas for the month
you don't need yeah I'm not gonna dive
look at him go in the dart you see it
that cool citizen named Ben they can go
hey little monster come here whoa come
here little buddy
okay he's so excited are you okay
mmm-hmm
this is yours right do you like it do I
need to give you guys bath oh this is so
cute look it's like a little mummy they
been in my closet for like three or four
weeks because I've been waiting for the
option button are you saying thank you
that's so nice you are going to die for
yeah whoo careful Kelvin the monster
pajamas are gonna get you oh peak now
pumpkins sad you will create it
hmm okay sure you go take bath wash our
stinky faces and feet mommy needs bath
guys I want you roar go let our jammies
kay let's go get back well well well my
little Halloween monsters I was figuring
out as the boys were taking about that
Calvin is right about the same age that
Jackson was when I brought Calvin home
it's not crazy
no it's been two years since we figured
out we were pregnant and now Calvin is
the same age as Jackson like I cannot
imagine bringing a baby home right now
like holy cow Jackson Oh with two cute
boys huh can you believe that that this
was Jackson crazy easy a monthly visits
if you like I like your jammies they go
on the dark what they glow in the dark
yeah I like Calvin's too Oh Jackson look
wrong Raquel
he's notices that that's awesome is that
cool
gosh Oh Calvin
tell her what do you think he's like me
I'm done you look at the light out there
something that's really fun with Calvin
is he loves stuffed animals stuffed
bears like he loves it
whooping the lights are all huh he
always hugs them and carries them around
I think it's really sweet well we are
back at it again I've got my computer
here Ellie's got her computer here and
we are working on some stuff for the
house
getting pictures Ellie's looking at some
holiday stuff Halloween Christmas she is
all up in that business right now but
some items like huge wreaths and stuff
can we take a long time yeah she is
excited to be in house mode and I am
excited to like this is fun we're gonna
be packing like this week to start
packing we were talking about that like
what should we start
you started yesterday you should start
with the walls I always take off like
pictures and you know how much to go on
but yes and I start with it's just like
all the walls first thank you guys so
much for watching this weekend we hope
you have a wonderful start to your
brand-new week do something awesome and
we will see you guys tomorrow bye
