give it to the baby put it in his mouth
one Nick for you when the curtain
good morning and a happy first day of
October
it is a fall day wait Bailey you dropped
your nametag showing them through and
something that I do before we go through
so we walk into this room and masses
like all the papers and plans and
everything is like oh look at the plans
it's actually brightness theaters you
can watch them see the real things like
it's like Joe walking into the utility
closet
we're shown in the house they are
getting the kitchen cabinets together
you guys have been wondering like what
the kitchen looks like well this is the
start of the kitchen holy cow
but yeah I love it something that I'm
really excited about though is for the
holidays I really want to get a garland
a wreath to go around the whole
staircase so the guy has an outlet right
there that he put um and I'm gonna wrap
it all the way around oh my this is like
my favorite part of the house is the
staircase so they're looking really fun
we'll have to get like a yarn or
something and like try and measure and
figure out what we need and then there
will be an outlet the very bottom plug
it in what Jackson
you want me to come down there Oh what
are you doing whoa
that's cool
hold my hand yeah those are all dry now
okay they're all dry oh that's kind of
stuck there we go you want Calvin to
hold one for the holidays - it'd even be
cute to put like a little light around
their little window and plug it in right
there let me see you got candies in your
pocket Wow
can mommy have it you want to have it
you have to can mommy have the other one
yeah I can okay okay thank you yeah I'll
eat one and you eat one seeing
everybody's talents has been really fun
to watch as the house goes up we really
have enjoyed working and talking with
our excavator and it's really fun to
watch and he picks up a rock you can see
him really think about it he'll go to
put it down and then he'll go back drop
it pick a different one up like it's
such an art this huge machinery these
giant rocks but it's such like a
delicate thing he like knows exactly
what he wants to do it's been really fun
to watch them do that so fun like
they're so fun to talk to he's a huge be
why you've been so as soon as like he
gets out of his truck I'd be like what'd
you think of the game last night it's
fun to watch him work
it's fun even Jackson likes to stand
there and watch on and the other day the
other guy that was running the machines
he's like you know I I just I love rocks
and I just laughs I thought maybe that's
what Jackson will do do you want to do
that when you're older
Jackson Joanna what it's a giant rock
and maybe that's something you might do
is that gonna be your future job maybe
kids just like love it like so fun Jared
just got done talking about how they
talked about BYU and he just stopped
working is like hey watch the BYU game
look Jackson he even said that he would
move his nothing Jared this is just so
nice of him I know he's like do you
think he'd want to come inside and sit
in here for yes
Jackson you all go in the big machine oh
it's a little nerve-racking I know it's
a long timidity if you don't want to
Calvin and I are gonna go to want to
come with Calvin watch mommy mommy and
cager he's a little scared right now but
once Mommy and Calvin goes Jackson you
can come ride it yep no he's like he's
like okay I'm coming if mom's doing it
that I'm doing it - here let me help you
okay come here Jax come on Jax hurry
here we go you want to get up there okay
one two three jump good job
okay Jackson was in there that's
probably the scariest thing I've ever
now Jackson I want to make sure you get
those rocks in the right order okay we
have to have some good retention on
those walls your turn I can't let you
guys have all the fun you'll appreciate
it more than the kids they're actually a
little more intimidated than I thought
they would be cool Jackson this is a
massive equipment is that not so cool
yeah joy honk the horn
Emily you better don't cut that honk you
think you're so smart
come up here bud ok come up sit next to
me
that cool the girls graciously offered
to watch the kids for us and we picked
up our big buddy Joel what's up Joel
buddy and we're here at the shooting
range we've got our Dr Pepper we've got
some ammo we're gonna have a little fun
she's gonna be exciting I'm excited to
hang it or than my brother that's my god
don't touch oh sorry
we've got our that's not a bad pattern
right there this one I was intentional I
shot that for a reference because I
couldn't see all of these so wow that's
bad other pots pretty consistent I'll
take it a lot of you guys may already
know this but there's a lot of people
who are new that probably don't every
six months our church has a thing called
General Conference where we have all of
these positive uplifting messages and
they they talk to us and we get together
and sit as a family and listen to those
messages so that's what we're doing
right now this weekend we're just
hanging out as a family and listening
and right now they're singing and it's
just really beautiful and so this is
like what our weekend is all about like
I said before some of you guys already
know this
some people don't if you guys want to
hear more about what's they're talking
about whether you're a member of the
church or not you can go to lds.org and
they will have all of those messages I
think the day after if you want to read
or listen to him again it's really cool
it's very uplifting and makes me feel
good and happy and makes me grateful for
my family
Jackson they're really loving Ethan and
Paul he wants to sit next to him cuddle
him kiss him and honk his nose all they
want to do here you guys having fun over
here
good you being a good boy Jackson good
yes how are you feeling dad doing okay
that's good
a lot of people have been wondering God
- here give it to me give it to the baby
put it in your mouth one Nick for you
when the Kurchatov it keep sure he's
good right
there's three kids oh you love Jesus
Christ is the only name under heaven
knows Hong Kong in my mind I imagine you
arising what Calvin says what where do
you get a tell Calvin what do you get
telling a tree you guys aren't having so
much fun in the hammock together huh
Jackson requested I'm telling ya you
know what boys when you guys are a
little bit older and when you guys are
mad at each other I'm gonna look back
and I'm gonna show you this video and
show you how well you got along and how
much you wanted to hang out together and
be together okay that's a promise okay
what daddy finger where are you here I
am Here I am how do you do
why are you so happy how come you've
been so happy why why are you happy
you're a goofball you can tell me that
you're so happy and you love me so much
he's been giving Calvin black hug after
hug saying that he loves Calvin so much
huh you've been so cute we are cleaning
up the house just getting ready for bed
and just the sweet things that kids do
just already loose like night they move
lip-lock me you're ready to move to the
property we've been talking about I have
had a lot of things on my mind lately
and just being around the kids
especially tonight just how cute that
they've been being in house me that
they've been being is just giving me a
lot of peace so love you see you
tomorrow guys bye say goodbye to our
friends bye super bye to my friends come
but I sense
