well you look cute today and you look
handsome today and daddy looks handsome
today and Calvin it's a big mess today
Calvin slept in until like 9 o'clock
today and it was the craziest thing ever
we've never really had that too often
with the kids so he's just now eating
some breakfast once you're all done with
breakfast we're gonna get you all
cleaned up and we're gonna go visit
grandma and grandpa for a little bit is
that some fun see ya yeah vision before
kids nice and clear and everything
vision after kids do you guys see what
I'm Laurie fingerprints smudges galore
like that is so funny look at that that
was kind of a sweet moment crazy kids
yeah like you said it is a sweet moment
because life before kids life after kids
like these little time here memories
these little tiny remembering that we
have our little kids and it's I'm
grateful but it's so funny at the same
time
Molly and I are tying up some loose ends
and getting all of our ducks in a row
while I jaywalk just getting some stuff
done for the house today getting the
framing done for the picture we got the
picture printed off just feels like a
good start to the weekend I'm very
excited about this weekend it's gonna be
great are you hey good how are you
smells amazing and I love it so you're
telling me this is a trophy shop too and
I could come in and have any trophy I
want made yeah you could make it for
yourself for myself being a little vain
but like if I like number one you do
kayaker in the northwest number one why
am i limiting myself in the world I need
some decor for my office I think I might
come in and that is trophy and not look
he's like nope I don't want that rock
there I'm bringing in the backyard look
at the color of those two rocks like
that is like a greenish blue and that's
the brown it's like what we have on the
front of the house
that is just so cool to see you
did you feel the floor Rumble what's
been so fun is we're using a lot of the
are feel mean we're giving it to the
Builder on the excavator on the
landscaper so they can have that footage
for their websites yeah and so he's like
hey
look at that precision like how cool is
that
round two
that is so stinking cool can you show me
your mask put it on and go do it Kelvin
what does the pumpkin say here go can
you go boo dude to Jackson we are making
our way into town because we are picking
up a really fun person at the airport a
few hours said person it may not be that
fun so ticket don't give them that much
sure that person is a very fun we are
picking some up from the airport and
Jackson Calvin are asleep and Jackson
just woke up and he goes I not cry not
cry and that's a good job I turn around
then I went to turn around to talk to
him in his back
so kids are out I have my planner here
burr just planets and things out for the
month oh my gosh should we've been
talking about Halloween and I just had
the best idea ever I'm so excited I
can't even contain it I'm like we've got
to get to hannumas all we gotta get to
the Halloween store practically we're to
be in our home
I'm really excited that's all I wanted
as I wanted to be at our house in our
neighborhood for Halloween because
there's so many kids there and it'll
just be so fun and they're like give you
that Halloween spirit the holidays so
fun so exciting we went to the house a
date some Nezzer we went to the House
today to measure some things for the
house we went to the house a day to
measure we went to a house today to
measure some things tape is not large we
went to the house today some to measure
some things for the house and we're
going to the mall to pick out some of
those paintings and things and look at
those and we're getting the double
stroller out and we're setting it up a
different way that we've ever done
before we're gonna see yeah so we're
setting up the city select stroller and
we're gonna put them facing each other
so the kids can like look at each other
and play with each other so we're gonna
see axon will make more of a fuss than
Calvin will so I think both easiest a
rear-facing right so it'll be
interesting to see how the kids take tow
but we've got some fun stuff like I said
we're picking up someone from the
airport today we're gonna look at some
fun paintings for the house you guys
ready you ready mr. pumpkin man Wow okay
boys what do you think do you like it do
you like seeing each other
that's your mask you ready boys let's go
the kid that loved the fountain more
than anything in the world I don't want
you to get too wet you can get a little
wet but not too wet okay ready set go
are you gonna try and touch it
he's just so mesmerized by it
the busy
Jackson good thing we round them all
do you need a new shirt you excited so I
got the boys a rice krispie treat to
share and I got me and you which they're
gonna want to bite yeah there we go
say goodbye say goodbye say thank you
mommy
that was nice and you're welcome oh this
would be fun
yeah watch the waterfall and eat a
little snack Jackson sure is stopping
way it's pretty wet it's cold with it
being on his skin so who may go get him
a shirt okay do you get wet like this
one slow go slow
you are so stinking to you
I think Ellie is one of Philip
defranco's newest biggest fans you love
yeah we should watch those and you I
liked Jackson who should we go pick up
right now who should we go pick up what
did you say what you call Uncle Matt
like me Oh uncle doofus
his name's Uncle Matt silly pants daddy
was naughty daddy was a little
hi sweet boy he's a third kid okay
Matt's here we got a drive-on we okay I
hope you're ready
how is the flight did you fly okay and
get let's tickle over you I visit my
nephew Ethan this is the first time I'm
seeing him turn your heads in a line let
me see this little guy smiling at you
will see him lots tonight and tomorrow
okay so we're driving in the canyon and
there's like a complete stop on the
canyon like everyone is like starting to
get out of the cars
apparently there's a big crash and it
caused a fire or something like that is
that what you said that's what I said I
don't see anything up there I guess it's
like a mile away or something like that
so we did some exploring
we did we did some maggots of exploring
he went outside and apparently the Utah
Department of Transportation says it'll
be about 40 minutes before they have the
road cleared so we can drive through so
we're just gonna hang tight here in the
van I hope everyone's okay well we've
been stuck here for 30 minutes and
there's just a bunch of people outside
of their cars just walking around
talking and everything and it's funny
the first thing that I think of is like
oh we're at a standstill what are those
things on the side of the road look like
how big are those divots so if you've
ever wondered now you'll find out these
are like the little bumps in the road so
if you drift off it'll make the ball
that's what they look like and this is
how big they're I've always wondered
that and then how long are the white the
lane things like they're longer than you
think they're like it's almost the whole
entire length of the van we saw a bunch
of other cars coming up on this side on
the other side so hopefully they're
making some progression Jackson has had
this habit something that he does but
he's really really tired and I noticed
he was still doing it the other day when
I was
and for naps because blanket on his nose
and then here in two minutes obviously
well it's been one hour since we've been
here stuck and we haven't moved one bit
looks like the ambulance is coming by so
it looks like they've got things moving
along down there anyway look at all
these fire trucks and ambulances gone by
oh my god oh my and that's a guardrail
oh thank goodness
oh that my heart dropped I thought that
was a car too oh my gosh it was just
like the skeleton look that is a garden
holy cow
you found a spider oh my goodness
gracious it is picking it up hurry step
on it Jackson good job you took care of
the spider for me thank you so much well
we finally made it to mom and dad's
house safe and sound and very tired it
was a long long drive but we're finally
here and Ethan is awake hi baby
he was just like the happiest little boy
and Jackson makes him smile Mack oh but
we are gonna call it a night we've got a
fun weekend ahead of us so stay tuned
make sure you're subscribed be sure to
hit that like button right dad that's
right see you tomorrow bye
