you want me to try that again
Jackson did you just turn your yawn into
a song did you hear that yeah do that
again Jackson he was yawning it was like
did he literally one of the benefits of
doing physical therapy down here is I
get to visit my grandma she lives just
around the corner from the physical
therapy place and I have something to
drop off for her so I'm gonna see how
she is do it
I'm walked out hey grandma how are you
oh we've missed you so we wanted to say
hello
oh how you doing okay good
my grandma is just the sweetest awfully
I have ever had the pleasure of noise
she is so great I walked in there we
chatted for a little bit and the first
the first thing I ask grandma is there
anything I can do for you while I'm here
do you want me to lift any heavy objects
show me a move anything - want me to do
any chores or anything like that she
says yes actually chard there's one
thing that you could do I've been trying
for two days to do this and I'm thinking
what it what has she been doing for the
past two days
she's I've been struggling like crazy to
get this to get this to happen but just
fall into it I was like what is it will
you open this aspirin bottle for me I
was like Grandma of course she said I
haven't been able to open it for two
days and I need it
I said yeah absolutely grab let me open
it up for you grandma if you need
anything like that just call like gladly
drive down and we'll do a lot more - it
was just so fun we were also talking
about how she loved to golf and she was
always golfing and when we went her and
grandpa were younger and growing old
together and everything and she's gonna
go on a trip and she's gonna go golfing
but since her fall the other time her
ribs have kind of been bothering her
and she said it's just really affected
my golf sir the cutest thing ever
she's I'll still be able to put but you
know my golf swing is not gonna be the
same grandma she's just the sweetest
ever nothing like being outside on a
fall day and it's starting to rain the
kids are on the trampoline tulane how
cute are you hi smiley bad you're runnin
I gotta come get Calvin I don't trust
someone else on the chat with you I'll
hold Cavanaugh we bounce a little bit
but it feels so beautiful here like it
looks like it's on fire I can't have
Calvin and Jackson really jumping at the
same time Jackson can you sit on your
bottom for a minute so Calvin can jump
thank you woohoo thank you oh so you're
getting you could take a seat I'll come
sit by you Oh Jackson you can jump for a
minute oh you take good at your
appointment daddy says hey what's your
favorite part about grandma's house from
and graph this house
dandy I like it too we've had chocolate
chip cookies outside all day
Calvin what's your favorite part about
Grandma and Grandpa's crunchy leaves
life's leaves leaves ah okay Jackson
show me your skills show me how you can
juggle okay ready set go
try again try again you guys from a
little bit higher
Calvin higher we already know that
you're a professional juggler whoa that
was too high we need to have some we're
right in the middle okay do you think
you can do that put it right in the
middle of that a little bit higher but
not too high all right Kayla Calvin have
a turn juggling okay okay Calvin you
juggle key juggle nope fine I'll leave
the juggling to myself okay I'm gonna
juggle chainsaws max that's what I'm
gonna do when I go into stores like Ulta
and Sephora I usually feel really
confident like I know what I'm doing and
I enjoy my experience but whenever I go
into decor stores every time without a
doubt I get overwhelmed
and I usually end up just walking around
looking around he gets cool and I always
leave I think I just get overwhelmed I
think that's Toya is but it's funny
because I've heard a lot of the same
situations but opposite like a lot of
people will go into a makeup store or
clothing store and they just end up
getting overwhelmed so it's kind of
funny how some people feel really
confident in decorating and some people
feel confident in let's say makeup or
whatever just those interesting but
Jared hunters are the outlet store and
so we are playing yeah that one's
Calvin's and that one's yours yeah
Jackson made sure that Calvin got a
little cart to me we're gonna go sneak
up on mom's case I found her in the
store Nicobar okay and you gotta give
your best boobs okay give me a boo hey
boo saving it for the game day huh can I
sneak around more okay right here we go
did you what did you get for Calvin
which one's Calvin's he's like okay give
me nice nice of you Jackson darn it I
did so good to sneak around and you
spotted me it's about time I clean the
kids car seats out I need to vacuum the
van and a clean the seats out and I just
unzipped this cover and I'm going to
throw it in the wash I need to take
these off too and wash them in the white
put these down because they're all
sticky this is what the inside of
Jackson C looks like not too shabby
a stick some candy and I think yep even
a little money in here yep there's a
little money I need to go do Jackson or
Calvin side too
I've always used the Kiko I believe is
how you say it now I always call it
Chico to Kiko car seats we had Jackson
in this for a long time and then we've
got the van and we got like a little
smaller not as like bulky car seat and
we ended up keeping it but to put in my
in-laws car for the kids and we ended up
getting another key coat because we've
liked these a lot because it like keeps
the kids in there they're really bulky
though so that's a negative thing to it
but I really like it because I feel like
the kids are like comfortable and
Jackson's head doesn't like go forward
at all so anyway I'm unzipping it
Calvin's probably isn't as dirty about
we shall see
well wowzers I think Calvin's maybe a
little worse a little more crackers so
go vacuumed out cleaned out and you'll
all feel a little less sticky and a lot
more cleaner well a little guy it is
just you and I yeah it is and uncle Joel
the background on the TV we are just
eating some dinner worrying leftovers
tonight Calvin's eating it up like
always you are such a good eater
I am proud of you Calvin he's pretty
much everything I give him and we were
going to have this for dinner but it's
not quite ready so I just pulled out
leftovers it's like chicken cream cheese
seasoning like even ranch
and unlike corn please pick a really
yummy dinner for tomorrow and you are so
tired because you didn't get an official
nap today so I think we are going to
wash the kids up Jackson and Jared are
outside playing a little bit longer
trying to get some energy out you know
it takes it back you want me to try that
again
Hey look at what we've got here
hey get out my lawn so I think with all
the equipment and extra rock around the
house this means they're probably gonna
get going on the backyard soon which
will be so fun mom and dad are here
we're gonna go inside and look at it
what they've done okay about duper-dee
dozen you are my son and that's totally
awesome I love you like any dad should
cuz you are my firstborn do buddy you do
here comes Calvin he is the second poem
you know I love him give me a hug and I
really love you too but first I have to
go and tickle you Rachelle mom and dad
the house and look even those are blue
like that's so cute to me so they got a
little bit more done today they have a
little table right here which that will
be open which will be kinda catchy put a
little hamper under oh this is like my
favorite room that's stinking cute well
do you guys want to take a shower with
me
look every tile is done in here that
looks so good do you like it I know our
little his-and-hers looks in there weak
you your case they are I actually think
there's some over here I'll show ya
right here so these are the pennies that
they're gonna put in those those little
nuts
remember so mine's gonna be pink and
jerbs are gonna be blue will be cute so
the kids went to bed so well tonight so
alien I have our computer set up and
Lee's got her video fit I've got our
stuff going and it's gonna be a fun
night just the two of us working
together we're gonna call it a night
thank you guys so much for watching I
hope you guys have a great start to your
weekend do something fun do something
exciting come here I was like I was like
open on my video is that like 3000 we've
got to figure out what we're gonna be
for Halloween no I think we have an idea
we have an idea but leave your guesses
and suggestions in the comments below
thanks for watching bye
