oh hey I think it's cute I think it's
cute oh you're frustrated computo
yourselves you all get it on
now remember le when you go to the
dentist there's nothing to be afraid of
yeah they might have sharp objects yeah
I might have floss that goes in between
your teeth yeah they have all those
nerve gas and everything to make you
sleepy and everything but they're really
afraid of okay you'll come out of there
just fine okay
believe in yourself I come out of there
with no teeth look cuz look what they
did not huh okay last time invisible
teeth is okay - Illya I'll still love
you no matter what
no yeah be safe Oh do I hear my little
monkey man ah is that George hey hi
George is that your blanket oh you're so
sweet when you wake up uh-huh
okay let's go come on with me 1 2 3 good
you like George huh mmm can you say I
love you yesterday when we were at the
park
I asked Calvin I said say I love you
because if you guys remember Jackson
said it on flying I think is what it was
Jackson did it like perfectly it was
before he was talking to just Maya and
Calvin did it yesterday and I've been
trying to get him to do it ever since
because he didn't do it on camera but it
was so so sweet just I love you can you
say it say I love you ha ha are you
showing your love I love fat you are so
sweet
gimme a kiss
what a little kill you are
this kid has gone from being afraid of
the vacuum to not letting anyone else
use it I was just backing him up a
little
that giving up a little mess and he's
just like nope
I want to thank you what did you vacuum
- I've got two little helpers high five
bud boom
high five Calvin boom okay let's see if
it fits
oh I think I purchased this same hat but
in like a little baby size for Calvin
last winter and it was my favorite I
ended up giving it to my sister-in-law
Jennifer for her to be a little baby
because it'll fit him when he's just
doing like a few weeks so I was old lady
today picking up just a few yeah I was
picking up a few baby onesies for Calvin
and I saw the Hat and I just totally got
I don't like a you got it in your mouth
um don't lick it and I got Calvin one
because he needed of a winter hat and it
fit him great but something else that I
needed to get Calvin which I think we
have one in this size is a winter coat
this is all jacks and stuff so he'll
have a snow suit I think this will fit
him this was Jackson's first coat Oh
perfect
hey there's your coat here's your way to
go wow I loved this coat on Jackson I
eat I walked on I wash it I'll have to
throw throw it through the wash again
but this will fit Calvin and then this
was Jackson's little pea coat last year
that I loved it sighs ah this is
probably will fit Calvin to maybe
towards like the middle middle of winter
cute little hat I don't have a cute
little hat for the winter for when it's
cold out oh hey I think it's cute I
think it's cute oh you're frustrated
computo yourself yogi dude ah well I was
just trying to on you just trying Oh
guys he loves you guys so much he just
wanted to say hi
I like it
can you show them your sound machine hey
guys oh you know I also fit you as cap
Jackson's old hat that'll pay you two
that means you'll have two low winter
hats I guess I didn't really need to get
the other one but that one is really
sweet so you got two interest hey made
for being a younger brother you get the
first one you want me to come and get
you okay well I'm gonna bring my main
man Calvary no you ready we're gonna go
get him Calvin let's go here we come
we're gonna run you over
we just ran you over dude okay we're
coming okay we're coming to get you
we're coming to get you here we go watch
out go go go go we're coming to get you
here we go oh now you want me amigo part
we're gonna run over both of ya
don't you do it huh oh I have made a
boo-boo I have made a very bad boo-boo
Ellie please don't put me in the boo boo
box I don't want to be in the boo boo
box
random fact the boo boo box from hook
that's keeping the movie hook with Robin
Williams a boo boo box the person who
gets put in the boo boo box is Glenn
Close boo boo ball that's a random fact
that a lot of people are starting to
post online is up anyway the boo boo
that I made is that picture that we got
for above the fireplace of our family I
printed it in the wrong size so we're
gonna go you keep laughing at that boo
boo box huh is there something funny
about the boo boo box
you think so until you're in the boo boo
box he's obviously never been in the boo
boo box anyway we've got to get it
reprinted for the right size all right
family saddle up let's go Jackson did
you bring me one too what did you say
well I was like he wanted that suck I
was like I'll get one for Calvin too
he said no this one's for mommy oh thank
you so I'll share it I was gonna say
hopefully you can share with now she is
I think Calvin would love a little
nigger hot candy sucker okay thank you
you are so thoughtful you're you're so
good to think of your mommy you know
that okay we're about to go inside and
see the cabinet's that they've done for
the first time what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna back in because I want to see
Ellie's initial reaction I feel the blow
no peeking no ripping I see some of the
Bologna
oh oh
do you love it oh wow I have my blood
Ellie it's so pretty and beautiful I
love the nods that we picked yeah look
you did a good job I think you perfect
thanks
I wonder if the workers thought like
this is crazy oh thank good oh my gosh
so they've got like everything here
looks very nice just not installed yet
so trash bins if we got a double trash
double trouble
look at all these these are all ready to
install to pop up Aaron this is awesome
oh this is good I like an island I
really do I think the islands great oh I
see and this one right here this is for
the microwave right there and this is
for the oven
okay let's go look at the bathroom wow
that's cool that's a nice blue Ellie
Haley look at the hardware on here look
at that that looks so stinking good and
the guy told me the guy can call that's
a hospice supposed to like pump out
something happened that is not doing it
worse what she said it's really nice I
thought that was cute I love the
hardware it looks so good thank you
stinking good yeah I really like this I
like that a lot
yeah it looks really great what did you
find
Oh a popper pop it for me popper yeah
watch this listen to this one ready is
that good run come on try it
whoa all right boys this is your new
bedroom what do you guys think do you
like it
are those your seats they look pretty
comfy huh is that so sound like you said
I'm excited to figure out I know that's
gonna be like one of your favorite
things like that well guys it's starting
to look like a house like look at all of
this it's beautiful
amazing
I know it's it looks really good I'm so
pleased and I'm so happy with it all
this is our home
like this is so great it's so fun I
can't think of how many times we'll be
standing here in the kitchen talking
about things growing up with our kids
growing all together there's going to be
so many memories in this room right here
it's gonna be so good and you're stuck
here in the corner how'd you get in
there that's a tight squeeze I'm just
making up some dinner I'm making some
Hawaiian melt rolls and Jackson's loving
the ham but this little ham get his body
weight oh that is so sweet
so cute can you come help me finish
making this dinner's ready
don't give him a kiss this is gonna get
Calvin I guess
sure I'll get dinner going it's ready
so Calvin got my phone right like my
phone was just gone for like seconds I
just got it today and I found on the
floor and I'm really particular about my
phone like I don't like to let kids grab
and everything but it was out of my
hands and I found on the ground and
Calvin had that sucker and his fingers
are just so sticky so my phone has like
a bunch of gunk on it and I remembered I
was like the new phone is
water-resistant I'm just gonna wash it
off but I am so freaked out it's scared
to do it I'm kind of scared but I want
to try it like I just got it today what
if it ruins it Kay here we go so I'd
know real quick Calvin was dying to have
the camera so I just gave him a GoPro
he's as in the bathtub right now all
right here we go okay I've never done
that before oh I feel like I'm just
breaking every technological rule in my
entire life there it is oh I think I'm
okay but I strain this but I think it
would be okay I've got a nice little boy
yeah yeah it's all clean now in terms of
stickiness I made another booboo today I
have a minor confession half of this
vlog was shot in 720p instead of 1080p
now I'm going to give bonus points to
those who can identify when it changes
from 1080p to 720p and when it starts
back up again okay you get major Ellie
and Jared bonus points if you can do
that we're gonna call it a night Ellie
and I are gonna sit down have some
popcorn and watch one of our shows and
tomorrow's gonna be a great day we're
gonna do some fun things so we'll see
you guys tomorrow thank you so much for
watching if you're new hit the subscribe
button if you enjoyed the video hit the
thumbs up button see you guys tomorrow
bye
