why don't you open your card and read
that where in the heck would you get
something like this good morning Roy
happy Tuesday happy filming day today as
my filming day and we are just taking a
quick trip to the house every time gonna
come to the house the kids just have a
blast and they are just running where
are you what room is this is this your
hello room cuz you like to say hello in
the window oh that's so awesome good job
they're just not used to the space like
this and so they love running around you
found something beautiful and they'll do
two more coats of sealer are we ready
so it'll be a little shinier but love
it's not even like dark at all like I
love it like it's it's a perfect color
to me it's a good it's very light but
rich at the same time it's stunning look
at that just love it look at this it
matches really well with the railing the
door itself is a little richer which I'm
glad so your door in the office a little
more rich have you not seen it what am I
thinking of course I didn't realize that
it does it looks very good with the
floor kids are do the kids are already
at home okay these are the floors stop
sit the hallway oh wow what are you
looking at what is that that is a big
spider I purchased my very first fall
decor for the new house from my friend
Anna's website shows an Etsy shop called
like according to Anna she makes really
cute canvas art and I loved it because
it wasn't just Halloween art it was like
fall art like it was a pumpkin but it
looked a very fallish not like orange
and black widow wasn't distinct
Halloween and so I'm just kind of
browsing around Michaels we can't we
can't leave this area cos Jackson keeps
running back to us a nude a gross scary
spider anyway so I'm just looking at
some fall decor just seeing what they
have it's kind of been fun like I've
purchased Christmas decor before that's
about it and you could you see the walls
on my home I don't really decorate but
I'm excited to get into our house and
like make it our own and decorate and
it'll be really fun yeah can you come
put a hat on mommy come put one on me
see how bucks oh that's a perfect color
yeah I love this shirt stock should cute
my friend Lindsey we are gonna take the
afternoon and film some videos I
actually really like this and on her way
up she's like is there anything else you
need and they said I don't have any hats
the girl think I've ever really owned
any fall hats and so I need to pay up it
she's picked up a few hats that she
thought would like Cuba some of my
outfits oh this one's kind of fun oh
they're all sir but it's all personal
Navy no that one's the one you're
wearing is from TJ Maxx
oh I was here and I thought I would look
at the hat sir but we're to go film a
few videos I'm really excited to like
dress up and do some like outfit videos
I've done a lot of house video so it'll
be really fun to get some
we made it to the park Jackson's ringing
so high and I have to show you Calvin
he's gone down the slide but he's been
doing peekaboo which has been hilarious
he goes so slow down this one just break
away slow Oh - ice - ice your head
I love this park because of how much
shade is here like it's so shady you hit
that knock knock yeah but on the swing
set
okay give me a kiss Wow forward time I
got it oh good whoo
I think this is my favorite Park because
they have like this hillside that the
kids that go and adventure and play on
Jackson found a friend and they have
both have swords which are sticks and
they are like running around playing
Star Wars dis Charlie
oh my bad there's a big difference
between swords and lightsabers I just
think it's kids like I was like Jackson
comer I can see you and he's like okay
play my friend you found a friend it's
kid Jack Calvin's just playing on the
little playground Wow sure they're
enjoying each other's company I'm trying
to kick this
oh my goodness look at that hair you
look like one of the Ballinger boys
you're so cute doesn't look like the
Ballinger boys yeah my dad actually just
had a minor surgery today and we were
going over to his house right now to
give him a little gift and I have hopes
that it makes them laugh it's not like a
hope hey how are ya doing okay yeah I
hope this cheers you up well I hope this
card makes you feel a better hug thank
you you doing okay pumps yeah yeah have
my pain meds so I'm a little loopy loopy
uh-huh
why don't you open your card and read
that where in the heck would you get
something like this you make me feel all
sparkly thank you
we brought you some dinner too okay
that's great thank you Calvin come into
the bedroom I need a hug and a kiss good
night right no give me a big kiss give
me a big big kiss what are you doing
silly boy
come here you hey can you give our
friends a kiss give our friends a kiss
Oh baby say goodnight baby boy thank you
goodnight kill that is Calvin's binky
okay Jackson come give me a hug and kiss
goodnight I love you if I take out of
the room with that men sing goodnight
Calvin scream well no this is super hug
that is going to be it from us today
guys we worked hard we played hard would
spend a great day
thank you so much for coming along with
us today we hope you have a wonderful
day a wonderful night and thank you
again we'll see you guys tomorrow bye
