Calvin why are you so silly huh
you spotted them pink you started your
bean
good morning guys it's Monday we hope
you're having an awesome start to your
week actually it's Tuesday for you guys
if you're watching this the day it goes
up so Ellie and Calvin have gone out to
do some grocery shopping and Ellie were
and I were talking yesterday we've been
looking for some mailboxes to put at the
front of our house and we just can't
find the one that we like we can't find
the one that fits us really well and so
we're thinking we're like let's just
make one so Jackson and I are gonna go
to the store and we're gonna get some
supplies and we're gonna start to make a
mailbox post for our house you want to
get a pumpkin yeah you know what we
should carve pumpkins this year would
that be fun that is a big oh don't drop
well get some of these in just a minute
okay let's go inside in what are we
gonna get inside pumpkins
I'm sitting here making some lunch I'm
making some chicken and shell out a
casserole but I just got a text from our
I always call them guys our door guy the
guy that's doing all our doors with the
knobs and handles and whatnot so
apparently the other day when I went to
the carpet store come to find out when I
went at the beginning of the summer they
didn't write my order down and so I'm
like I told him I said well it's a good
thing I came in like what like you guys
didn't write my order down are you not
even taking me seriously so they didn't
write my order down so this morning I
had to call then and tell them the color
and the you know item number on the back
so they can get that ordered because
carpet should be going in and about like
what a week week and a half and so they
need to go up to the house measure order
the carpet whatnot so there's that and
then today the door guy he just texted
me and said I need to know asap didn't
you sent a bunch of pictures and he goes
this is what you ordered we can't do the
ramp handle with the square rosette in
the back you need to have this business
so he sent me a ton of options and
because they're getting it done today
obviously he's making the order and I
just thought did you not double check
did you not like why are you waiting now
to make the order when you I don't
really know I'm sure there's so much
more to it but it's just kind of
frustrating on my part because it's like
I've told you what I wanted
I couldn't have that you could have let
me know so it's just interesting you
know there's a little mishap with the
tile guy a little mishap here I'm there
totally this is common everyone has this
but it's just like you have one job so
anyway I figured it out with the guy so
I said you know I really handle the
handle we will love anything we have and
I said so instead of the round and the
square backing just have it be all round
we'll make it simple so that's what we
did but Calvin's asleep
Jared's off with the project with
Jackson I'm eating some chips and I am
making some lunch what are you doing
so growing up we would get flashlights
pocket knives socks a lot of that kind
of stuff like in our Christmas stockings
and I love it like I still always like
want a fresh new pocket knife this is
the bug I know that my mom got all the
girls for Christmas I think just like a
few years ago and I've been using it
like crazy with us packing movie and
getting boxes and whatnot I'm opening
all the boxes up that we got for our
hardware and our bathrooms we ordered it
and then we're gonna leave it at the
house and the people are going to
install for us and just from what
Jeremiah song
we ended up finding the stuff that we
really liked it fed back then beyond but
pretty simple but I'm gonna open up all
the boxes I think it's pretty I mean it
is simple but it's like you can kind of
see that right there I think this is
like a for a towel so cool fun it's fun
opening like health stuff it's gonna
kind of be sad but no more boxes come to
our house it's like a surprise every day
this is a fun box this is the toilet
paper holders whoo it's different than I
thought I kind of like the magnetic ones
and I think this is a magnetic one but
that'll be good I think I like the look
of them though so there's three bathroom
so for toilets and then we got a few
hooks for the master back for our towels
so they're just blending it or just
literally putting it on Wow oh my gosh
it just changes the whole look at the
house and then you just go through and
you buff it in huh Wow it looks amazing
you guys are doing great I love it wow
that looks so cool I think this is gonna
be a lot of fun I've got all the pieces
of wood that I need to build this and my
mom and Joel have the tools that I need
to like cut everything out and get it
where it needs to be the thing is we've
been looking at a lot of mailbox posts
online and at hardware stores and
everything and they have them there but
they're not they're not like like
heavy-duty or anything and they don't
look all that great we want it to like
look good with the house and everything
the ones we saw on mine were really
expensive and I got all of these parts
for less than half of the cost of buying
one just outright so I'm excited to see
what I got here and I actually bought
more wood than I needed to because
chances are I'm gonna make a mistake but
we can do some other stuff with this
wood to make some decorative pieces so
I'm excited to try that and do like the
very first project for our new house I
think that's the cool thing is this is
our house like we get to do stuff for
the house and make it our own and
everything
whereas when we're renting it's harder
to do that kind of stuff because you
have to ask permission from the landlord
to do intricate things so you know
mailbox posts like this is fun because
this is ours and I'm making it with my
hands and Joel's tools somebody wants me
to build them a fort again Calvin hi you
why are you hiding under there you want
me to build you a four again who are you
so silly
huh you spotted them me
you spotted your pink oh no oh can I
have it
oh thank you you wanted that buh-bye
so I'm just drawing out the plans for
the mailbox post and Jackson do you have
your plans all set right here yeah okay
we need a 79 inch post okay because it's
got to be 24 inches into the ground I'm
gonna make sure we have at least 55
inches of post links so the mailbox the
mailman can put the mail in the box okay
write down those notes real quick
and then I'm going to do the cross
section on that so you just got a cut in
a three and a half inch groove so we can
put the post onto the arm okay you got
that write that down you got it okay all
right are you ready to come in or not
okay let's go oh yeah you guys are out
this one right here the two-by-four and
days gonna measure the four by four all
right
so my mom and Joel are probably some of
the best handy people that I know my mom
works with she does like all the time
with dirty cars she she cuts so many
things out of wood that she just has
everything and Joel is just like the
handyman in our families they have all
the tools at their disposal ready to go
so I made my way over to Joel Styles to
cut this stuff out so we've got this big
ol rig here to cut this out and
hopefully we can do it tight enough that
these pieces will just lock into each
other on the other piece too
while I'm working on this mailbox post
these kids are just wrestling and
playing around you guys having fun yeah
are you Captain America with your shield
and your gloves wow you look great oh
good
smooth as a baby's butt
this is the good stuff
nicely gluey there's a blue quote
somewhere sniff glue yeah were you a
glue sniffer no you know what I did I
would take rubber cement I roll it up oh
yeah get those balls I had a buddy who
put rubber cement like in that little
pencil part of the desks and you put it
all the way in there and then he'd have
like this big long rubber to my word
okay let's get it in there oh shoot dude
we totally Shh we split that like that
is that's like gone look night that's a
loose tooth there's a ginormous knot
oh my gosh we might have to cut another
piece I think so all right it's number
two flip it over now yeah shut the whole
thing over and see if you can finish it
off that way hip oh my goodness well
here it is this is our mailbox post at
least for right now I think it turned
out pretty well it's really heavy-duty
and that's what I wanted it to be we'll
put like a stain on it and everything
and then I'll dig it in and cement it
down and everything but I think it's you
know pretty good what do you guys think
if it doesn't work as a mailbox holder
it'll work as a for sale sign holder
right cuz well no I'm kidding we're not
selling the house that's a joke big
things to Joel for helping me out he
helped me make sure all of my lines are
straight and everything and had all the
tools necessary to make this a good show
so thanks Joe I appreciate it he just
winked at me thanks Joe I can't do it
like you can all right oh I'm glad you
did I did too all day pretty much
there's been like one thing on my mind
and that is you need to shave Jared is
that so funny I'm like oh geez I had so
much fun today running errands with the
kids with my wife and building that
mailbox post I think that's one of many
things that we're gonna be doing in the
house and that's the most exciting thing
about the house is making your own
and I'm excited about that thank you
guys so much for watching we are gonna
call it a night I'm gonna go watch a
show with my sweet sweet wife while the
kids are in bed and tomorrow's gonna be
a brand new day and we're excited we're
excited that you're along with us if you
haven't subscribed hit that subscribe
button be sure to give the video a big
thumbs up we'll see you guys tomorrow
bye
