Jackson's up there calling you
dun-dun-dun I told him that you would
not be happy if you're not there
Oh
fat momma's back do you love your mama
surprise hugs are the best yeah I mean
literally picking up and he just sat
down hugging me you think he's me I
can't give him another big hug he's like
nah I'm all out of hugs right now oh he
is so you're having a hard time
swallowing I just had deja vu I think
we've had this conversation in our old
apartment it was okay it's okay
it's good I made a lot of recipes this
week and most of them have not been my
favorite some weeks it's like oh yeah
all these recipes are good and then some
weeks it's not today I made my very
first ever acorn squash and I put like
honey and cinnamon on and it actually
was pretty good I don't know Lord oohs I
put it in a salad and I made pumpkin
dressing and all my acorn squash is gone
SATA but it was it was good but after
like four bites you start to have
artists following it well and the thing
that I was going to say is that I really
appreciate the effort that you take to
make what we have and to try new things
I don't like to try new things but I
like it when I do it with you you know I
mean like I appreciate it because it
takes time and effort
yes I'm grateful for that Kelvin know
what green beans are the best part
Calvin Calvin no throwing
Calvin's actually eaten his squash
Jackson just went for a nap because but
yeah probably not to do again but it was
okay it works for lying it was fun to
try right not again behind the scenes of
Calvin vlogging I think he just yeah he
just said hi dope Calvin's up Jackson's
up there calling you dad dad done I told
him that you would not be happy if
you're not there
no c'mere honey I wash I um can I face
this funny I can't get over this I think
it's the funniest picture ever and
Krrish Cody you those are your shoes and
you are running and pulling your pants
up this just captures our day perfectly
I went to bed last night with a
throbbing headache I was nauseous I was
sweaty like I was like almost had the
shakes is the weirdest thing ever I kind
of haven't felt well this week but I am
feeling much better towards the end of
the week so I don't think it's I'm on
some antibiotics right now but any I
just did not feel well and I woke up
this morning and it was quarter to nine
Jackson slept in who's up late last
night with a game with Noah dad and Sam
and it's just been one of those days I
guess you could say it's been wonderful
we are on our second pan of brownies
Jackson's gonna help me make a second
pan of brownies and like look at my hair
like I just that's anyway one of those
days I thought that was the funniest
picture that I had snapped it should be
me that should be me writing and pulling
my pants up but it just so happens that
I got it a view that was funny do you
think it's goofy that I take so many
pictures of you know do you like it what
I don't oh yeah I think it's dad II
think he's walking on with cow
mr. I think you got a second full of
brownie
Calvin it thinks that he is like two or
three or runs with the gang but you know
what you're just a baby what the kids
are playing on the little segways and I
just gave Calvin a little ride and every
time I get him off of it he screams and
so we're going to take a little break
and we're gonna eat that brownie bunny
job the kids came over to have the other
half of the brownie thing that we made
because I made two of them today we went
through one half another and yes and you
guys are lucky Oh is she laughing or
crying in between laughter well Cody you
just have to go to the bathroom get on
it
Livie are you okay do you need a split
Calvin's like I won't get on I wanna go
that was I may have just witnessed
Olivia just Cody walked in front of
Olivia the Segway and Olivia biffed it
she didn't even cry link did you find a
pony get her son Cal you oh oh you
bratty - we'll get you some we'll go get
the brown you will bring it out okay be
soft there you go don't be scared
it makes me I mean kids are kids and you
start to teach them but it makes me sad
Jackson
it's like the yes like just idling to
Lincoln because he had his toy side get
a low aggressive there saw it can't do
it again have them do it soft can you
give Lincoln hugs Lincoln hugs good make
us ubisoft nice those are five of our
hard drives five of the most important
things in my entire life those five hard
drives contain just about every piece of
information since Ellie and I got
married pictures videos vlog computer
backups everything like everything that
is digital that is important to me are
on those it's crazy to think that those
five boxes if we had a fire those would
be one of the things that I miss the
most that my guitars my computers and
then obviously those are you know
material things those would be the
things that I miss the most and it's
crazy but we brought them down because
we're doing something with all of these
five hard drives Ellie and I are working
on something we're going back through
our history of time and we're picking
out some pictures for the house so we're
gonna go through and search for
everything and we may find some pictures
to show you guys too also in case you
were wondering I know some of you guys
are probably asking the same question
there are 20 terabytes of hard drive
space right here 5 10 15 to
something-or-other right there it's a
lot of storage but you know what's crazy
they just came out with a 1 terabyte SD
card that's 20 terabytes and one
terabyte can fit in that size of space
now it's crazy the way technology is
going now like we'll have a Penta buy
cards in the next 5 years is that crazy
do you even know what that means Ellie
do you know what that means do you
understand the gravity of this situation
huh you guys have not seen this footage
this isn't our first apartment we don't
vlog in this apartment this is right
after I finished finals there's a little
Caesars Pizza Pizza that's all I wanted
that's all I wanted right after finals
oh my god I loved our my six years ago
maybe it was right when we got married
like prize seven years ago we we've
loved lots little Clips away before I
look at dying family and good let's see
if there's more
hey things don't change I stop headache
cheer you have a first apartment yeah no
is our second one you have a headache
not much has changed how's it gonna make
up well I've enjoyed this trip down
memory lane it's so cool to go back and
look and see all of these things like
just little things like screenshots from
your phone like the first time that
Ellie took an at-home pregnancy test and
it was positive I'm getting emotional
just thinking about it
like look at this let me show you this
picture right here like the first time
Ellie took an at-home pregnancy test and
it was positive all of the sisters
pregnant at the same time this is one
that I think is so crazy this is when we
had six subscribers a hundred views and
four uploads on Ellie's Channel which is
our channel Ellie's if you guys didn't
know our channel used to be called style
by Ellie when I was just gonna be
Ellie's channel but then it turned into
Ellie and Jared when we started doing
the whole infertility journey it's
amazing
looking at where you've been and where
you've gone and where you're going I am
so grateful for the journey that we've
gone through every day and I'm grateful
that she's here with me along the way
every single day I hope your journey is
going well I hope your journey is
turning up and looking bright and we
will see you tomorrow thanks guys
