put your hands up where's your belly
button every time I get him from his
naps
well good morning it is cold it rained
all night last night
and Calvin is still asleep is 813 Jax
and I are just getting ready for the day
and we're hanging out in the bathroom
together and as soon as Callaway so I
think we may try and go to the house
because they are staining our floors
today
we made it to our camp for the day our
huts we drove up about an hour and a
half away from home in the mountains of
Idaho and we're staying in this little
Hut here it's gonna be perfect it's a
nice little warming Hut that they have
for like snowmobiling and stuff but it's
crazy it is snowing it is 30 degrees
outside right now and we're gonna go
forward really
well I am here at the house and no one
is here the floors have to be done today
because cabinets are going in on Monday
and a lot of people have been asking
about the kitchen lately this is where
the kitchen is but we don't really talk
about all of us just because there's
nothing here yet but cabinets are going
in on Monday the whole house is painted
like the walls are done the ceiling is
done my staircase this is stunning there
are three things with the house that
have not really gone either how we kind
of wanted them to and one was something
that I wish he would have done the first
thing is the one thing that I was the
most episode of that was the flooring in
here I told that many times I wanted a
style called herringbone so that it laid
differently and they didn't make note of
it we had threes why I was upset is
because we had many meetings so I felt
like they kind of waste my time I ended
up just doing what they wanted me to do
anyway they said they'd rip it out and I
said it was fine because I do like it so
I'm not mad about it it's just something
that didn't really go my way that's the
one thing that I would be upset if I was
really really upset about something the
second thing is the staircase the
staircase it was something I wanted it
was a focal point it's beautiful
stunning and I was kind of wanting there
to be like a unique design on it but
when he was doing it he said that there
were all the balusters there was an
uneven amount and so it would look kind
of funny if we did that design because
the design would be off and he's like
you can do whatever you want and
honestly it's beautiful and I'm very
happy with this so I'm gonna leave it
the way it is and then the last thing is
if I would have done in all of our
closets
I put outlets in the closets because I
thought what people are visiting or if
they want to charge their iPhones in the
closet what if whatever so put outlets
at all of the closets and I put an
outlet in the pantry right here because
I'm going to have like my toaster
sitting right here a blender sitting
right here just some of like my kitchen
stuff right there and so I have a
outlet right there if I would have done
something differently if I would have
had an outlet in the pantry so I could
charge like my vacuum or something in
here so I wish I would have put one
lower on the ground in the pantry so
those are the three things that I would
I guess I went changed because I like
the staircase and I like the bathroom
but those are just three things that
kind of didn't usually go according to
plan
they finished sheriff's office it is I
mean she's gonna flip out because the
cabinets are they painted another color
so it's a deeper color it looks stunning
in here he is gonna be so happy overall
I'm very thrilled with everything like
I'm not upset about the bathroom not
about the railing or anything it's just
those are things that just didn't go
according the pan so hopefully I don't
get the floor stained today they look
like they've been sanded so I'm gonna
text the guy and see if he's coming
today cuz got to keep on track all right
well we got all warmed up
got a little snack in our bellies and
we're getting the four-wheelers off
because we're getting ready to rock and
roll
I totally just hit my face on the trees
like 15 times hilarious
you wrestle maniacs they have so much
fun together and I think that Jackson
just cannot even wait until Calvin gets
a little bit older and when I let I went
in his neck gets a little stronger
Calvin and Linc are taking a nap we're
sitting here playing everyone has like a
separate toy Jackson get up and get him
maybe when you just get a few months
older cuz Boston is nine months older
than you yeah it was so fun to come home
today it feels so good to be here it's
just like the one thing that I was
looking forward to being a dad is when I
got home from work when I get home from
somewhere my kids run up to me and say
daddy and what happened today was Calvin
I drove up Ellie wish on the house to
her aunts and cousins and all of that
stuff and Calvin saw me and he ran right
up to me and ran right past me to the
four-wheeler and wanted to get on the
four-wheeler didn't she Calvin didn't
you it was so funny and so cute at the
same time and Jackson ran up to me said
you came back you came back and that's
just the sweetest thing I love my family
and I am so grateful for these guys I
know it was thank you and later yeah I'm
going to the the football game with Sam
I'm pretty excited about that cuz we're
taking Jackson and Noah
oh my gosh I think that was the most fun
I've had for wheeling what I think based
on how dirty we are Joel and I had the
most fun let's get a little account here
oh yeah I just I know that there's no
shower there's no shower yeah
I'm not I did have as much fun I'm a
little bit smarter yeah I had fun but
that may be the last time my
four-wheeler runs there was a lot of
steam going off of that engine I don't
know it was pretty bad
tin foil dinners on the menu tonight
nice little fire here oh wow that looks
great and is getting dark outside so
we're just getting our last bit of
firewood ready for the night noise noise
so we can stay warm we've got enough to
like 70 degrees inside of the cabin and
I think it's only gonna get warmer he
did hear Beau and I were out here
waiting for the dinners to finish
cooking with that thing and we did hear
big clap of thunder so I hope it doesn't
get too stormy tonight but it would be
kind of cool to wake up to a little bit
of snow I think that'd be fun I wonder
where Calvin can be no
there you are are you hiding from me
those are mommy's clothes how many of
you guys when your kids would hide in
your parents closet these kids like
we've never done this before but
Jackson's done it a couple times but he
knows like he can hide here anyways for
me to look and he knows that I'm coming
and he laughs and he loves it it just
makes me think about my childhood
makes me miss being a kid but let's be
honest I'm still a kid at heart right
I'm just go hide I've been trying to get
the kids as I chirps clothes laid out in
my church clothes laid out in Calvin's
little fear just poking out of my
clothes cow put us up where's your belly
button every time I get him from his
naps
all right it is time for bed calling it
a night good night
oh my gosh good morning good morning
oh wow look at all this no well we woke
up this morning and we didn't realize
how much snow we would actually we have
like a foot of snow let me show you this
park bench over here and so we're
happening to think about different ways
to get out of here look I mean that's
got to be that's got to be a foot at
least we're thinking of different ways
to get out of here the trucks and the
suburban we want to make sure those can
get out without sliding too much so
we're actually writing down to the four
wheelers off of the trailers so the
truck and the suburban aren't as heavy
if the truck and the suburban somehow
slide off the road a little bit well
then they don't have as much weight to
pull off so we can pull them out but
this will be a experience for sure
please start please start please start
please start
yeah
well that's a wrap on the trip we had a
blast you guys have fun awesome these
guys did so stinking good look how dirty
they are I love that you can tell some
of us have some fun today yesterday what
day is it I'm not even sure oh my gosh I
feel like celebrity we're in this suite
and the game is just like it looks so
cool oh my gosh that looks so awesome
these kids are having a blast just with
the football oh yeah see this is thanks
for inviting them and that's so cool
they are playing football are you gonna
have fun tonight bud oh my gosh
yeah he is so excited I love it look at
that
Sam's capturing the moment
how sweet is that that's that's so
adorable
you having fun boys do you need your
helmet did you get to stay out late with
Noah and Sam and daddy yeah what did we
do we went to a football games you have
fun Yankee catcher that's right I threw
it that's pretty good I'm a morgue ankle
account when the motors I thought there
was the mascot who wrote it on a
motorcycle can you say good night to our
friends thank you guys so much for
watching I hope you have a wonderful
weekend and we'll see you tomorrow bye
