the kids are literally jumping trying to
pop this helping can you pop on keep pop
fun
good morning guys it has been a
wonderful morning of just relaxation
everyone is in their little comfy
clothes Jarrod is getting ready to pack
for his little getaway with the boys and
yesterday there was a tornado in Utah
there there was a tornado like I want to
think 15 years ago or something my aunt
Marlene had seen it go by in the middle
of Salt Lake and then yesterday there
was a tornado and Ogden very small
tornadoes are not coming here but there
was we saw the storm rolling in it's
raining still it was raining all last
night
so as Calvin is sleeping Jackson has
helped me make some dinner for tonight
we put some chicken and seasoning all of
our stuff in the crock-pot and then we
are getting you're doing so good I told
him not to eat any yet
good job we are going to make some
homemade hot chocolate so we've got our
milk we've got it says good chocolate
chips we do we have the nice expensive
kind we're going to make some homemade
chocolate chocolate some cookies later
and we're gonna rent a movie and we're
just gonna hang out in our jammies now
what are we making yes now blast of it
it goes slow thank you now we just have
to heat it up for a few hours we'll be
good to go so it look pretty good can
you help me sir
we're really slow really slow good job
um I purchase peppermint extract for
this and it smells so good I spilled a
little on my hand you know how sometimes
people will heat up like cinnamon sticks
and like stuff like that toy house smell
good I hear we gotta put pepper man
there - we really didn't have to try it
okay I think we're good to go we're
gonna heat this up for a little bit we
have homemade cookies we have homemade
hot chocolate and homemade dinner and it
is all done right now right before noon
okay chocolate cookie chocolate cookies
do you like the milk is it good it is
really warm
Jaxon's is cooled off it is stinking
good stinking good I like you can have
one cookie thank you for helping me make
them was so fun and Calvin thought this
whole time has been wonderful
Jer is getting ready to go on a boy's
little overnight or campout joel found a
little cabin for 35 bucks for for jared
dad bo and Joel I don't think Kevin I
think had Kevin as a work thing or
something but it's this 15 person like
cabin that has like a stove that's like
it like a place to build a fire so we're
all going to sleep there it's gonna be a
lot of fun we can have like a ton of the
hundred four-wheelers so Jared's kind of
talking up a little bit so what we're
gonna do is I'm just going to vlog like
normal end it jared is going to bring
his own a camera and film a little bit
so in to mark the video that'll go up
the next day half of the day will be
Jared's little adventure it so that way
Jerry doesn't have to leave the campsite
go edit upload like he normally would
because like he's just gonna go on a
little camping trip and you'll Jackson's
a little sad but we're gonna build a
fort and have fun today
do you guys know what we're gonna do
daddy's gone everything is made all the
foods made for the day we are going to
rent the new movie The Jungle Book and
we are going to build a what are we
going to build we record the property
now we're gonna build a far nori to Gaza
for gunner he excited we're gonna build
a fort and it's gonna be really cool
you
and here she is this is our fort that we
will have for the night hi hello oh yeah
we're under the table you guys will have
your spider-mans we have our rock Calvin
are you excited thank you are you
excited okay we are going to I'm like at
a prom cuz I did mostess work you
stinkers I can muster work and you we're
trying to grab the camera yeah what you
move yeah we're gonna watch a movie I'm
excited I haven't seen this movie yet
Bonnie said that her family really liked
it
yeah look how chilled you look looks so
cute yeah I'd younger buck are we
watching the jungle but yeah okay we're
gonna watch a new movie called The
Jungle Book I just can't get over how
cute you are
yeah I'd be go break up the fort watch a
movie huh got spider-man where's your
spider-man what here right here you got
yours right here
Oh
come on me squeeze in there and we'll
watch it too
okay Calvin will not move from his spot
like he wants this spot should we move
this is your spot okay is he saying
goodbye to us
friends I know we're not saying goodbye
is he saying goodbye yeah thank you
thinkers he said are you saying goodbye
yes okay yeah he can I go over someone
else what do you think they're fighting
he's got to run to safety I used to
watch jungle book all the time Raizel
and I loved that movie and I want to
watch the original I
I'm loving this this is fun to watch
with the goods
he's running because the Tigers trying
to get him it's a tiger trying to get in
count picked up in life well good
morning Lincoln you two hurry I'm
playing together before the big ones
come in push you to the side enjoying it
be just the two
they're just having so I found the
kibble Dodgers watching a movie whoa
go get link go get link Lincoln get him
is that what a job he said do you want a
doggie
oh why see maybe we commit that happen
soon okay we gotta get some energy out
somewhere Oh keep rolling we made it
back to our house because it ain't bad
kids enough money came over yeah
Bonnie's house side side sweep at that
came home did some chores here and now
once again yeah the kids are literally
jumping trying to pop this helping can
you pop on you pop them making these did
you hear that one no I'm not making this
hot I think I could be wrong I just
heard that I just opened up a talking
bubble that's it bubbles to pop kids are
in bed we enjoyed the day of stormy
weather and cooking and cuddling and
watching movies we watched a lot of
movies today but we will see you guys
tomorrow I'm really excited to see
Jarrod's footage in what he filmed so
thank you guys so much for watching
we'll see you tomorrow bye oh you want
to say bye
Kelvin's is that not Jackson
