my parents are like so happy about this
they never would have had anything like
this in Spokane oh you see oh jeez okay
we're all done now
good morning guys did you guys survive
the storm last night it was so scary
yeah it was crazy I came out here this
morning and we had a package that was
like thrown over here and look this is
the kids's water table and then what we
now have another pond again
Oh No are they oh my gosh le so they are
sopping wet because they're in the storm
last night how did we not see it I don't
know oh how much fun is in that like
heavy oh those clothes are wet we'll
have to rush those and get those taken
care of sorry boys you can't wear it
right away okay can't wear those clothes
right away yeah thunder and lightning
and rain got to him but that's alright
that's my washing machine hi I was
wondering if I could make a to-go order
I was wondering if I could order 60
honey barbecue boneless wings yeah that
would be great
okay thank you so much the painters are
on there what I think is their very last
day on the inside of the house and so we
are going to bring them lunch they've
done so awesome and they've been so fun
to chat with and work with I love when
guys like have like such a good
personality they just crack jokes when
you come over and have a lot of fun and
it's done such a good job to like take
into consideration things and all of
that so it's good I'm gonna go grab them
lunch okay sounds good no make me a
smoothie ooh delicious cocktails and all
enjoy smoothie stuff it doesn't taste
like a candy bar beat it so yesterday
you guys saw that we had this crazy
storm it was just pouring down rain and
Jackson was kind of scared I found some
flooding here in the parking lot and I
want to show you like how crazy was look
at those trees I know this is probably
not much to a lot of people but this is
like crazy flooding we never have this
up here in Logan but when you see a
puddle like this there's only one thing
you can really do
just drop off lunch and I'm nervous to
see in the backyard because the backyard
is just like dirt and so with all this
flooding I'm just nervous to see if it
did anything to the retaining walls
because they haven't been rocked yet oh
jeez that's a lot of water look at that
that's not good
well I guess the gutters are working
it's hug coming out right there that's
not bad I guess but oh man oh that's
just one spot oh man that's not good oh
yeah it definitely looks like it's had
some like movement look at that right
there that's crazy
shoot I really hope this doesn't delay
anything with a landscape because I know
they were gonna start today or tomorrow
with bringing rock in taking that rock
and shaping it around outside isn't as
big as the inside because the move-in
dates are important out so I can take a
little bit longer except for like
weather situations like if it starts
snowing that's where we're gonna run
into like really big issues but like
water I don't know I just I just want to
move in plans change and come and go and
things are don't ever go the way that
you expect them to Ellie and I have this
big elaborate plan that we were gonna
drive down an hour away to go to the
carpet store to go get her an iPhone
case to go look at some other lighting
things or something we're gonna make a
day out of it
but because of all this flooding that's
been going on we have to change our
plans my parents just called me and said
that their basement is flooded so Joel
and I are gonna go over there and
investigate and see what's going on see
what we can do to help them and Bonnie
and Eleen the kids are gonna take my
place now my place is a very good place
I don't want you going in and like
messing things up okay I'll do my very
best are you driving or she driving
Ellie Stephanie you got to be a good
copilot very okay I'll do my best okay
has Joel touch it
I'm totally good after like Inc anyway
so we're gonna go see what we can figure
out and fix a mom and dad's house it
sucks I mean they just got in there and
they're flooding already but you guys
are gonna have fun
Oh Ellie wanted me to show me to show
her the treats that she has for the kids
Kellie has these little individual pack
treats with applesauce some dates and
little Smarties it looks like so it's a
good little mixture for all the kids do
you you are to use your swear words for
the day I already said my alone not
filled up the jack yeah oh my gosh shoot
well you already got it pulled back and
everything is this just soft you got box
pans at all so it was there water in
there at all whoa oh geez yeah shot back
um walk back I gotta wipe that clean
there Clyde I got one tune you told me
not ringing so I'm just luck I didn't
know what the insurance would do but
Natalie no we're not guard oh it even
got into here it seeped it seeped under
the wall into this room you know so it's
your little ban yeah what I'm sorry dad
I'm sorry that's the way it goes yes
Jared you should have been a surgeon or
seamstress both of those are very noble
professions what do you guys think of
seeing all the rain
Missy Calvin Ted jocks is asleep and the
light is green gotta go hey Cal you have
your snack pack Jackson you have your
snack pack that's you decided to sit you
got yours we're gonna go pick out some
carpet so everything for the house is
picked out but yesterday the Builder
said now you're gonna want to pick out
some really low-cut carpet for the
stairs that go from the garage to the
house and I've never seen that and I was
a little weary and I said well what if
we don't do it and he said well then it
will look the way it is and I touched my
mom I talked to some people and they
said that they think that's really nice
because it keeps it a little cleaner and
they have carpet specifically for
outdoor and indoor carpet so they have
just some really really low-cut like
thick carpet I kind of like this color
the best because it has a little bit of
blue in it I think maybe something like
that to go from the garage to the inside
it's not that much carpet so where I
want to redo it every few years I can
what do you think I was gonna say that's
the one that I would pick out yeah do
you like the plastic you wanna like it's
no no okay Jessica no oh you don't
either huh
are you working for what are you doing
I'm a hard worker but I'm not very small
yes you are what are you doing you look
ready to travel
oh are they doing that today this
weekend I'm having them delivered a
gravel in the morning awesome
Oh fun we can't go and not come say hi
to mommy we brought her a healthy Jabba
juice because you're trying to be good I
said this Pokagon milkshake if I said oh
not a milkshake mom's trying to be
healthy something very healthy
oh now Bulls pineapple greens and Chi
aussi
kind of having a hard time cow work
we're gonna go talk about this
four-wheeler you can't sit on the Tramp
with the kids because it's too bouncy
for his neck this is all Calvin once so
he came back and you can sit there and
I'll watch you right here is you play if
grandpa was here he'd probably give you
a little spin
but don't you turn it on make sure the
keys not good he's not in there you
better cow you're a little sad that
everyone was beyond sin but you but you
can feel all right here come here should
we get down no you want to on it okay
you sit on it this is all he wants
grandpa we need you home from work what
do you say in he's been waiting for you
he has been on this boy no I need to get
on grandpa's finally home yeah is that
cool good boy yeah so what actually
caused the flood yesterday was we had
this right here and this actually came
off of the gutter and all of the water
just spilt down into here you can see
there's a slope to it so all the water
was just collecting right there it just
seeped down in there and that's where
all the damage came from Joel just put
all of this in here has an attachment
and adapter so it won't fall off of it
next time and he did it to that one over
there well I was getting the fans all
set up so we prevented it from happening
again but we've got another storm you
can probably hear the Thunder this is
supposed to be just as bad if not worse
than the storm we had last night so
we've got to hunker down and we got to
get prepared for the storm because the
storms are coming our storms are coming
we've got a harvest before with this
Norman pick all the cherry tomatoes and
the zucchini oh my word oh look at this
is this watermelon look at the size of
that that's huge
my parents are like so happy about this
they never would have had anything like
this in Spokane Oh
whoa genuine oh geez okay we're all done
now good we're just finished terrain
time look at the clouds look at the
depth that is not the edge of the
mountain that is cloud deep black I've
never seen something like that storm is
coming in and we're gonna drive through
it yeah we gotta we're waiting for
traffic well round as you see behind us
no it goes all the way behind us
goodness that's it's got our ep I have
to show you can see the clouds are like
rolling in the storm right here it's
clear skies like pretty skies and then
look at the blackness behind us it's
like a c-shape you can literally see the
clouds rolling in this was I just barely
show them that this was open and now
we're completely consumed by it like you
can see that this is gonna be intense
this is getting a little scary because
the whole entire road is covered in
water
you hear that oh that's right recording
no that was great
people pulled off on the side of the
road
oh my gosh
seven years later like when I was little
and I wouldn't sleep and I keep Julia
wake my parents would have me go in
their bedroom and sit in the corner and
tonight for the life of me I don't know
if it's the storms or what but Jackson
would not go to bed once stay in bed
whatever and Jared was gone and he kept
waking Calvin up and so I brought him
downstairs and I sat him in a corner and
I said you just sit here until dad gets
home so dad got home and you put him on
the couch until Calvin fell asleep yeah
and then he fell asleep I think is
frustrated as I was did you just like
once you're past all that what he is so
you know like his feet on you the little
turd
and he kept saying I tired like that
like a house if I just ghostly I think
he also needed to go to the bathroom too
because you kept crying and so he's good
daddy needs to move him q okay Cherise a
can I don't say goodnight to our friends
thank you so much for watching and we
hope you have a wonderful day bye see ya
Jared's going on a fun adventure
tomorrow little degree
