hey hold it good oh they're good okay
now hold it onto the ground put it down
on the ground
in a matter of seconds while I was
picking at my prescription Jackson took
it upon himself to go grocery shopping
without me he filled his grocery cart
full of what is all of that what is all
of this you filled it Chuck
full of it
you are my child into the picture when I
was proto Jax with all the candy on my
head should we talk about what happened
yes look at me when you are upset we
don't hit our head we have gone grocery
shopping a lot and Jackson always has a
cart and I like that cause it's like a
teaching opportunity is sometimes
frustrating as it is because grocery
shopping takes ten times longer but
Jackson's got his cart taken away today
for the first time he was not happy at
all and people around us knew can you
look at me and you got it taken away
because you were not listening and he
said sorry to me and he said sorry to
the worker that was next to him because
he was yelling but anyway so now he's in
the cart and who just got a finished
grocery shopping I'm making some new
recipes that haven't made before and I'm
already really frustrated so these
recipes going to be really good because
I can't find half the stuff I'm looking
for so it's not the candy aisle there's
this is like a healthier aisle and then
there's the candies which is kind of
funny so I'm trying to look around to
see what where all the stuff is that I
need all right my little boy are we
happy now
yes look at me do you know why I took
the car away why I took it away because
you didn't listen and I'm actually more
mad that you hit your head now you
listen next time and you can keep your
cart okay you ran away too many times
say I will listen I will listen with
Ellie went to the grocery store today
and I knew she had like a new
determination she was on a mission and
she went and she was like grabbing all
of these new items new recipes and
everything and the first thing that
she's making today is like homemade
jelly she has these blueberries that she
has ready to go and some like chia seeds
or something and we're making our own
jelly right now and I also thought of
acorn squash or some sort of recipe and
makin later and the guys like what's
this I'm like I don't know me for ever
find it so I didn't even know acorns had
squash that's funny right okay blender
up yeah can I just pull in Ellie are
they called chai seeds no I'm almost
positive because I hear it I'm like
that's actually I but are you upset that
I just said it I just Colin I don't
okay what's the verdict oh good I'm glad
Julie takes away from it okay fine
please like mom tastes like a peanut
butter and jelly sandwich and you made
it that's good you made this PB&J like
that's a lot of work actually took like
20 minutes to make the jam which is kind
of funny but simple recipe and so Ellie
made the peanut butter jelly sandwiches
and she has some vegetables can't have a
meal without fruit I got this - yeah
lunch no yeah so like the sandwich
you're here right I'm sorry about that
obey me okay I have to show my play
again with even more vegetables on it
because what you showed earlier was like
- and I all of a sudden was sitting here
I was like I'm sure someone's you
like um two vegetables good job Ellie
but I am getting another plate full of
food you're almost done with yours what
do you think your first bite of the
veggies good those are a lot of balsamic
no yeah I did
kosher salt and pepper balls on the way
over here yep vinegar yep and in chia
seeds hey whatever works we came to the
house because we need to measure
something in the backyard but I want to
show you guys the paint real quick
because they pretty much have the whole
house painted except the ceiling now so
this is upstairs
look at all the paint downstairs looks
really good too
this is our bedroom sometimes it looks
really great sometimes it looks blue I
love the way it looks with the light
coming in I like it and here is the
basement let's so it's kind of dark so
you can't really oh there we go that's a
better look I just think the paint is
beautiful like the kids play area like
look how sweet that is looks so good in
there you want to go knock hi hi this
could be your corner you're looking at
you paint can you do the floor and it'll
be really soft then you can like lay
your head down on here let's go measure
outside yes I am 100% happy with this
they're getting ready to take all this
stuff off the stairs so it's all done
we'll be so beautiful we have had a lot
of people ask us what the interior paint
color is and what the exterior paint is
so I am going to get those and I'll put
them down below if you guys are
interested we have a lot of people ask
should we measure this let's do it I'm
excited this is measured this is
probably going to be like one of the
most fun aspects of the backyard I think
down to the bottom because we want to
make sure we have some quick access from
the top to the bottom so I think we're
gonna put in a building slide through
here yeah and they're getting ready to
do our rock work this weekend so I was
like crap I probably should have
measured that in order that long time
ago but we're gonna do it today and get
it done and it could change because
they're still going to be removing dirt
and whatnot but at least we'll have a
good idea of what to get Tory go out
there hold it okay
Oh Calvin can you hold it for me you
hold it for me hold it tight look he's
helping you Calvin did you can help her
don't let go he's like I want anything
okay come help daddy come hold this for
with Calvin hold it good helping yep see
Calvin's upset cuz he wants to hold it
but let Cal hold it
I'll heal he just wants to throw rocks
there you go okay so what did you
measure so we probably want a 16-foot
one for right here okay okay jack slide
and catch and let Daddy catch yeah
come on buckaroo go Hey go whoa good job
you want to try again
look at him go he's so excited that's
why we think the slide will be perfect
because just getting from top to bottom
it's just fun and quick and we're gonna
have some play stuff around here anyway
you have to have a slide so I think the
kids will love it grow up with the heck
I'm gonna use it a ton to go
oh okay Jackson I need your help I need
you to grab this so we can measure it
okay you got it okay step back step back
take a step back there you go stay right
there hey hold it good well they're good
okay now hold it onto the ground put it
down on the ground Oh 13 feet maybe four
right here
good job thanks buddy we've got a few
surprises in the backyard for the kids
and the slide is one of them and I think
they're gonna love it there's just
something about a slide that just makes
you feel like a kid again even going to
my mom and dad's house going down that
slide is so much fun so we're gonna have
a slide somewhere around here and then
we're gonna try and incorporate like a
swing set we're gonna try really hard
we're gonna see if we can do this
because I think it would be so much fun
just because the kids love playing at
mom and dad's house in that tree house
thing we're gonna see if we can do like
a little hobbit hole that's a huge
surprise for them and I think they're
gonna love it
if we can do it I'm crossing my fingers
if we can it depends on the people doing
the rock work if they can make it work
then we're gonna look into it a little
bit more another thing that they did
today that I didn't even notice they got
the gutters up like they got all that up
and they've got the gutters going down
and then some drainage pipe right here
it's pretty cool this will all be
underground and they'll just basically
save it so it doesn't pull up right here
and keep it all wet it'll kind of drain
out and spread out through the landscape
put me kiss your finger better how is it
better okay sit better this time the
kids and I are just sharing a doughnut
the last could we film those several
hours ago here's it the house but we're
back because the workers are gone and
Jared's flying the drone inside so we're
just eating a doughnut and Jackson's
riding this bike outside it sounds great
but I just can't believe that we're
gonna be in here soon they say it's
about ten days to move in once the
cabinets go in and that I would say that
ten working days because that leaves it
about the twelfth is when we would move
in but we're
saying no later than the 14th that's
when we told our landlord so you have to
move out the 14th and I told the Builder
that he said that that should work
so we're thinking more like the 14th
which really is soon but it still seems
like so far away but it's not we'll have
fun this would be a fun last two and
half weeks ish and I bet the kids are
going to play a ton in the front yard on
this we are going to be doing pumpkins
here in the years to come we're going to
be doing painting outside I'm sure chalk
out in the front like this is a fun
front area that we will play in a lot I
didn't realize until just now importing
all of the footage that would seem like
we were at the house all day long today
we went to the house twice to do a few
different things but we've been home and
doing a lot of other things some of you
guys have been tweeting me and letting
me know like sometimes the video isn't
playing for you guys and now you're
having playback errors I think that's
because YouTube is having an issue with
these new end card annotation screens
where you can like click to subscribe
and you'll see like a different video
it's a little different end slate so I
think there's some issues with that and
sometimes my voice is cut off at the
very end so bear with us as we try and
get that figured out thank you for your
patience I'm sorry that you guys are
having issues but hopefully everything
gets worked out sooner than later and I
want to thank all of you guys for all
the sweet funny comments you've given us
on our two individual videos and we had
that planning video it was awesome loved
it
I'm glad you loved it I loved it I
thought you guys did great and the QA I
thought was funny so thank you guys for
checking that out we'll have links to
those down below if you haven't seen
them already kids are in bed we are
working we I'm we're ordering the slide
right now and I'm so excited to get that
okay
well it's really hard to show both and
we'll put a picture right here this line
that's slide it sides it goes down in
elevation I put in stairs the people
working for the backyard today and I was
like
you know does this measurement sound
okay and whatever you give us will work
with from light or the longest one yeah
we're going to the moan and down the
kids will love it I'm gonna love it
you better believe I'm going in that
slide and I'm taking you with me I love
you and if you want to go to bed early
you can probably will eat a doughnut and
I'm good
that's my girl thank you guys so much
for watching and we will see you
tomorrow have a wonderful night my holy
cow the weather look at the sky is just
one lightening after another oh my gosh
oh my gosh it's okay you scared
oh come downstairs yeah I hope Calvin
doesn't wake up Oh
oh look at it cut flying in my gosh look
it's flying in look Oh
is it stormy
turn off the light this is for sure to
wake up huh
it's okay buddy
it's okay
I know
oh my gosh
no shoot I didn't even realize I just
stepped in like a giant puddle of water
shoot I was just gonna say it's starting
to die down a little bit a little bit
it's still like pouring and lightening
like crazy like we're getting tons of
light whoa that's crazy
and my first thoughts go like crap I
hope the house is okay because like the
wind is just going like crazy and then
I'm like I hope Calvin doesn't wake up
but everything seems to be good so far
the okay buddy we put on the movie for
you yeah
this is first real big storm huh oh my
gosh Ellie there's like there's like
tons of water right here whoa
geez well we're gonna hunker down in the
storm and we're gonna enjoy it and we're
gonna have fun and watch a little show
and hopefully Jackson will fall asleep
so this time we're ending the vlog boom
we'll see you tomorrow bye
