name or to the leg ow yeah I don't know
but I'm gonna eat it
good morning guys we made the long early
early early drive to Salt Lake City and
Calvin is the trooper of the morning hey
buddy
you got both your pinkies today your
nametag uh-huh and people yeah I agree
he's such a big boy where's Mario see up
there is Mario right there it's a me a
Mario looking at Mario I feel bad he
can't eat until after yeah procedure so
yeah so he hasn't eaten all a sentence
since dinner last night in standard
which was delicious by the way
I have to say so we're just getting
ready we're waiting for a few more
meetings with a couple other people and
Calvin's gonna get going but he's been
so good this morning and I'm so proud of
him already roll it back mmm
we missed the best part Calvin and
grandma were rolling the ball back and
forth through each other it was like the
cutest thing ever
now he's like I'm gonna blue with the
truth good job we're warming them up to
this doing good Kevin that mom y'all did
ah once warming up a little bit
Kathryn dilation smile hey Dad don't cry
yeah he's doing so awesome Julis you
want some juice buddy okay yeah
why shouldn't I said that too soon he's
looking around party like where's my
juice we're gonna bring it there get it
get it here you go Oh apple juice can he
have some other food and not no okay do
you guys have me like crackers yes what
you got no fishy crackers I could be
great and this is for you guys first I
know he's downing it I'm like so proud
of him
you just never know how they'll write
yeah kind of a glare on his eye though
so how was he right when you when you
say yeah he need down that you want some
crackers now take it easy don't go too
fast
I felt so bad you had to go so long no
more look at him he's like he is winning
so he did he did full eight ounces pull
it out and now he's doing another eight
look at this
didn't stop to breathe it's like I can't
go laughs did go down because he's
drinking so fast movies like you know
you guys played songs together yes he is
you're just a natural motor now aren't
you oh yeah everyone glad for Calvin yay
grandma Tuttle say hmm
well we came over to Mom's house one to
drop her off and then we just had a
little bit of lunch and we notice here
on their refrigerator there's a little
map and there's some states that are
highlighted what is going on here so all
the states that Chad has visited haha
whether it's been work or whether we've
just gone there for fun right and then
all these little stars are the different
temples that he's that he's been to -
yeah he has been all over yeah looks
like we've got to make a trip out to New
York though yes oh I guess he's been to
New York ok mom and dad have taken up a
hobby this past year yeah go uh with a
gone road traffic yeah on your gold wing
on the gold motorcycle yeah cute little
couple like it's so fun to see you guys
like riding on that I was like I want me
know it'll be like that when we grow up
yeah oh yeah it's a way cool yeah good
for you guys like cool internal troops
yeah young again we made it back home in
Elian Calvin are upstairs asleep so I'm
trying to be as quiet as I can but I
just want to say how proud I am of
Calvin he did so good today and I'm so
happy and he deserves his little nap
that he's taken right now
I'm uh where's Calvin he's sleeping
right now with mommy
did you want to see your brother yeah
yeah he usually sits right there
sometimes huh you want to sit right
there okay how are you bud
good did you have fun with Grandma and
Grandpa I sure missed you
can I have a big hug
oh I sure missed you huh okay we can sit
right here
yeah yeah oh that was just the sweetest
thing the first thing he said was he
asked about Calvin Mike makes me tear up
like grateful for my boys hmm I do put
you Seefeld on oh okay you want to go
come on let's go I pulled the camera out
several times to try and capture some
sweet moments of Calvin and I that every
time he sees the camera he screams
because he wants it he wants to hold it
he wants to film but Calvin is doing
good he is happy he has not cried since
his procedure he's been such a good boy
and this was a one-time thing
and the procedure was to help loosen his
muscles up and then we will continue to
do what we have been doing the last year
which is physical therapy and so this
will just help his muscles and his neck
be a little bit more malleable and we
have a different clinic that we're going
to be going to now a different clinic
that these doctors have recommended and
so we are going to make a drive I
believe like an hour drive once a week
or every other week for Calvin and just
continue to do or do in but get back on
track and hopefully his neck will um
take to everything and I think that it
will because the doctor says that it is
minor and but sometimes it just regrets
is really bad
sometimes it's okay so I am I'm very
hopeful and things will be great he is
just such a sweet boy but I just cannot
capture very well because he just is
busy when the camera comes on and wants
to run and hide but you're a good baby
he's been tired today so he has slept
most of the day I have been with him all
day
grandma crap are bringing Jackson over
and I'm excited to see Jackson I miss
him
Chuck's ins been asking about you I
heard which I thought was so sweet when
Jared told me that Jackson goes has cow
like I sat here and Craig said just
thought that was just so sweet Jackson
is a very sweet compassionate little
thing but we have been playing we've
been playing with our cows and our pigs
learning the noises too one was a cast a
he's a mu and Calvin's also been eating
like crazy this morning wasn't able to
eat but his appetite is going crazy so
he's been eating a ton drinking a ton
high these school smiles I think I hear
Jackson I think I hear him
did you miss him he missed you I missed
you oh oh did you get a cookie are you
gonna share it with Kelly
yeah Calvin and mom I thank you grandma
how is Jackson today
he was good good we had fun didn't we
did we have fun yeah Calvin is that a
cow what is a cow say
that was Jackson who said that I thought
it was Kevin I was like wow that was
really really good
Jackson are you excited to see your
brother move what you want to move to
the property yeah well I have got some
good news for you Jackson we're gonna do
that someday someday very soon all right
Noah it's time to gather up all the
animals kay and put them in order
where's Noah Jimmy rigged this into a
boat there it's the Ark we've got all
these animals that we need to put on the
boat truck boat safari rig dang am a
jigger Bob cow yeah I don't know but I'm
gonna eat it okay Jackson can you show
me where the horses what Jackson was
saying in his mind is my name is the
Incredible Hulk and I'm going to smash
this horse Oh
smush that's just as bad as stepping on
Legos no sometimes I don't say very nice
words at night when I step on animals
like this we kind of match look at that
our colors look good guys it has been a
long day but it is a good day a day that
I feel so grateful and so blessed we
have so much wonderful support from you
guys and we're so grateful for that
Calvin is doing awesome Ellie's done
awesome we yeah we had such an amazing
staff today it was so cool we're still
learning a lot of things though we've
been vlogging for three years now and
there's still some things that we're
learning about all of this so
we appreciate your patience we
appreciate your understanding with all
of this so thank you guys dito an amen -
everything that Jared just said thank
you guys so much for watching and we
will see you like always tomorrow
nan who a minnow look like bye
