oh yeah
good morning Yugi Calvin give you a bite
morning spider-man good morning Calvin I
could ingest cake well you know that we
can't have the camera out and Calvin
sees it because this is what happened
gotta get him dressed can't be a cute
little moment me getting you dressed
cause you won't let me
all righty a little stress getting
Kelvin dressed but other than that I
think we are all ready for church or are
we ready for bed ah we are ready for
church I wish that these shirts after 18
months or choice buckle like underneath
like a onesie like Calvin's these are
called body suits and they like their
like onesie but long see Church shirts
so I gotta get in front of you cuz you
go so fast wait wait wait wait wait okay
Calvin is ready I just want to show
everyone how cute you are
you go so fast there we go he's good
he's distracted there he is whoo oh now
he's gone along with what I was saying
about the onesie shirts for kids
I know Bonnie and Joel head Jimmy rigged
one of those shirts into like a onesie
type theme you guys know if there's like
an empty shop or something make those
and I could purchase that I would be
really grateful it's not I think maybe
I'll try and do it myself or I'll
probably ask my mother mommy yeah make
one of those cuz I don't my feathered
not tucked in three hours they do we are
back from church and Ellie made like
this really good what would you call it
this enchilada casserole or something
like that chicken enchilada type
casserole and it is so stinking good
Ellie's always nervous to make things
that anything that was like beans or
weird stuff in it you know and it's
weird for me he's nervous to make that
stuff because I I'm really picky when it
comes to food but this is like freaking
amazing I just had a big plate and now
I'm going back for seconds yeah
a little but you know she says it tastes
great it's just don't look at it close
your eyes when you're eating it no it's
really good Oh perfect yum yum yum yum
hey there's Calvin Calvin is awake I'm
going to go get him
usually on Sundays like the moment I get
home it's like clothes off robe on
dinner in the oven always starting to
cry let's go get him
Oh cow hi hi you took a good nap we had
to come home a little early from church
with you we're so tired
grab your blankie oh hi hi hi sleepy boy
okay come here grab your blanket and
we'll go oh oh oh you can't cuz you're
stepping on it okay come here come here
come here
I'll break you up guess what mommy made
a dinner that I think you're gonna love
do you like it you do hey you want some
dinner it's more like lunch usually we
just eat and then snack the rest of the
day on Sundays and hang out I'll get you
some water
it's a good car
do you have a beer yeah and we just made
a cake you found it fair that you're
cuddling and come show me your bear
whoops come show me him did you find
mom's old teddy bear in the closet and
it's here friend oh you're gonna love
him can you give him a kiss to your
beard yeah no stop my lap you always
just come and Papa Papa seat basketball
hoop and before we move into the new
house I thought it would be fun
sometimes you take the kids to go to
build-a-bear you have to be really cute
I love that and I think that just goes
to show think you might really love it
it's your bear good night Calvin hey
good night we had dinner and I hate
Jackson and I made a cake strawberries a
little bit of frosting pulled it on a
little warm so it's a little mixed but
Calvin we're definitely ready for a
little fire I have a little bit of
puppet of cake for you and you never eat
fruit so it didn't even give it to you
accident want to wipe off the floor do
you see your hands buddy is that your
hand and that's Calvin's where's daddy's
yep and what's that
is that Ellie injured set our YouTube
our YouTube family go up the steps good
job
making our daily stop at the house I
feel like we come here so much but every
time we come it's just so fun so we do
it but we're here with the task actually
we tried to measure a couple times so we
need to get different measurements after
talking with some framing companies but
we want to put let me back up let me
back up Jared so you can get the full
effect we're getting a family picture
above the fireplace and I need to
measure exactly the dimensions that we
want because we're gonna have a few more
up there so I'm gonna make sure it looks
pretty good you know that's 32 ok the 26
is perfect but it's not as it could be
longer but I think that would be good
we're gonna have other pictures on there
as well we've done pretty much all of
the bedroom designs
Jared's nap Jared's office is going up
this week but we need to do the upstairs
the living room stuff so that would be
really fun to show you what we have
planned for up here yeah that's all my
child that we've been doing Who am I hey
princess mommy yeah who are you thanks
yes Prince Jackson and this is the
Jester Calvin who wants the camera Oh as
soon as it comes up you kill me held
camera turkey that's nice
I thought you're supposed to be camera
shy what's the opposite of camera shy
I'm ready for my close-up mr. deville
I'm like that the moment it comes on and
he hears us he runs it's great yeah
that's not how you are the bathtub is
ionic Oh why would you do that all right
he needs that to see with I like to poke
is kids just got out of the bathtub oh
and we are going to clean up the living
room would you record or not you saw
yeah the camera you little see you wanna
see could take one more bite oh that's
what you found that we've been looking
for and you found it good job Jackson we
appreciate your help in all things
possible that you can do for
for the past year or so Calvin has been
seeing a physical therapist and a
chiropractor for his neck for some
torticollis and there's been some
periods of time where he's had lots of
really great progression and some times
where he's had some regression so he's
had a little neck brace for a few months
and we haven't filmed this we wanted to
keep a lot of this private for personal
reasons I hope you guys understand and
respect tada
surprises Jackson he's been also seeing
a specialist for the past few months we
want to make sure that Calvin is being
taken care of and so there's a little
procedure that we're gonna have done
tomorrow it's very minor and we wanted
to do everything that we can do
beforehand before we do this so Calvin
has a little procedure tomorrow for his
neck and it's very minor so there's
nothing to worry about but it's gonna
help him with his muscles and help him
all out in the long run we're really
excited to have it done
good luck to Calvin tomorrow it's gonna
be good all right boys it is time for
bed you're upside down now are you gonna
go to bed upside down young man whoa
can you guys say good night to our
friends Jackson come give our friends a
hug and say good night give them a hug
Oh Calvin can you give our friends hugs
okay good night boys
