we are going to go look at our house and
something has changed in our house that
is visually going to make everything
different this is going to be one of the
most exciting days of the house building
experience are you excited I'm very
excited cuz Boni just texted us and
she's already there and she said spoiler
it's amazing oh my gosh here we go
good morning guys happy Saturday we're
here just in the kitchen eating some
breakfast and countin is like he's like
one of the most interesting Piet's I've
ever met
anything except fruit he has been eating
his oatmeal and he takes out every
little piece of fruit and throws it on
the ground meat roe
yeah please you have some order to your
chaos right hun loves oatmeal he throws
the fruit on the ground horrible on his
face you are being goofy ladies and
gentlemen boys and girls we got a very
exciting day we just filmed a video from
my channel
Ellie was lucky enough to get her iPhone
yesterday and we decided to unbox it
today and we had a fun little Kia
wife/husband unboxing video that we
filmed for my channel so be sure to
check it out ah the link to it down
below or up in the corner do you like it
yeah it's really cool I'm glad you got
it I'm really excited about the pictures
that we can take of it because that is
like one of the biggest things that we
do is like Twitter and Instagram take
pictures and the better quality pictures
we can take on the go the better so what
do you think you excited yeah I'm trying
to figure out our password for internet
with my uncle is that for your circle
yeah Jackson what colors mommy's phone P
yeah that's right
Jackson even came in on the unboxing
video it was just really fun so check it
out a link down below you see grandma we
are at a community area Jared and his
dad are going to play guitar and sing
for people while they eat everyone's so
excited to meet grandma it's always a
good day when you're matching the boys
are wearing matching shoes cuter than
Cinar know so cute you're so cute
we are going to go look at our house and
something has changed in our house that
is visually going to make everything
different this is going to be one of the
most exciting days of the house building
experience are you excited I'm very
excited because Boni just texted us and
she's already there and she said spoiler
it's amazing oh my gosh here we go
this is gonna be probably the one of the
hardest parts of it the kids are
sleeping in the van and we're driving up
to the property right now and we're not
honestly gonna see it before we get
there I just love it around here like
people are always on their formulas
hanging around like the Joel and I are
gonna drive our four-wheelers to each
other's houses oh yeah Joel do you want
to come over and play sure I'm gonna hop
on the four-wheeler totally coming up on
it it's the next house oh it looks so
girl Ellie look at it it's it's perfect
wow it's beautiful and I've done
goodness yeah they're still painted
they're painting the trim right now as
well my name is Liz my days like hey
let's go let's go look let's go Ellie
it's beautiful
aren't you glad that I picked it you're
a little worried we both picked it but
Jarrod's a little weird I was a little
nervous but it looks really good are you
guys ready I'm ready are you ready
should we show him yeah no I think we
should wait for tomorrow okay
there we go that's beautiful I love the
color this is on the side of the house
where it's a little dark - I am I love
it I think it's perfect with the raw
Mike look how pretty the rock is oh look
at these two rocks together like that
I have a few of my favorites on the
porch too here's part of the front like
I just I think the color turned out
perfectly I just it brings out this
color which I love I love that and it's
not even like I didn't even expect it I
was like it's gonna be brown it could be
too much but this is like I really like
it hi hey how are you
it looks so stinky oh my gosh look at
the trim my goodness gracious look at
this I thought how beautiful oh thank
you oh my gosh Ellie they put the gloss
on the doors and the desk and stuff look
at this look at the door look how rich
that looks on the door what the Hello
Kitty would you look at that look how
beautiful that is so you can give this
now I think this looks good
I think the gloss makes it look really
nice it's just like changes the whole
aspect of it this is a freaking house
like I'm so excited how beautiful look
at this oh my gosh oh my gosh I cannot
think of a better place to hold the dr.
pepper fridge I can't
the jessica's perfect belly like it's
perfect
I don't touch it yeah it smells really
fresh no this is a different piece of
yeah so they can only have so long so
they have two different runs of grains
so we have look right here it matches
straight across so they've got that
right there - yeah a good job built the
coolest thing cuz you always build to
cool things for the kids a little ramp
and the kids have been playing on it
crazy so I can't wait for Jackson come
back and go on it
why I'm asking and asking to make you
have yes you're such a sweet boy
kay Jax your turn whoa whoa whoo all
right Boston
hold on tight I don't know why I can't
you're about to get your teeth knocked
out sister how cute it's probably the
cutest thing I've ever seen
hi guys you I sent a funny little team
Calvin hey did you really B hey hey are
you gonna be good while we're gone
are you be good you are it's bedtime and
have a full time you mean you've been
bathed hey yeah can I have a kiss Cooper
can be kiss goodbye you're laughing and
you're crying
hey guys
he just wants to hold you that's all we
want okay as long as you're happy I want
you to at least say hi to your friends
oh good
well obviously Calvin has a slight
obsession with the camera so if it comes
out this is what happen he's normal and
then it comes out and that's all he
wants
so I've already given him a loving
goodbye but for you guys it does not
look very good loving oh my goodness I
think we should sing him a song but
seeing Twinkie lost far
oh all right sister girl you know how we
do let's get that food in the movie
theater what Shh this is just a secret
between you guys and us okay be honest
do they even care that you sneak moving
into theaters I really don't know like
if you were hey we're still buying a $10
pop and popcorn that's right we just
have dinner yet so we're sneaking some
food into the theater no big deal right
okay dinner is what did you have for
dinner tonight honor a breed of modern
abrino taco time over there are those
that what do they call those crispy beef
burritos yeah this is crispy hard and I
have a quesadilla in here somewhere
I never worked with him at the movie
theater tonight the movie was great he
went and saw Sully it's just like your
heart was like pounding the entire time
it was amazing
I would definitely recommend it they
sauce your stories my heart or like my
gut was like I'm not the whole time yeah
we've really enjoyed it kids are home
asleep right now we just finished off
some milk and a treat submit or sitting
drinking milk I made it back safe and
sound guys today was awesome I had so
much fun with my dad playing music we
saw the house and it's painted like it
is something like close to pee like it's
just been so fun thank you so much for
watching we hope you guys had an awesome
weekend and we will see you tomorrow
tomorrow I'm excited good bye bye you
say that a lot we do no wonder Jackson
Rice's Excise is excited little I say
little a lot you film yourself being
don't realize the things you say and the
things you say wrong yeah but it's
interesting it's just like that is just
how it is we just say excited and little
okay buddy bye bye
