in 80 miles to the gallon on this hog
still got room for one more if you want
to go to Aspen
good morning Galan stretching so much
right now it is 641 in the morning and
we've been here since 4:30 so we've been
in the parking lot for about two hours
everyone has been really good with the
lines there's just some chairs outside
because I think it's like 40 degrees
outside so everyone wants to stay in
their cars but I imagine some of the
Verizon people will be here in about 15
minutes so I think we're gonna head out
here pretty soon are you excited to get
your phone down I am very I'm excited
for you to get your phone - this is
gonna be a fun day so it's about 7:15 in
the morning and Verizon is back that way
I'm walking over to Best Buy right now
because there is no one here there's no
one waiting in line and I have no idea
why maybe that's why doesn't open early
or something but let's see pre-order the
iPhone yeah it doesn't say anything
maybe they didn't get any iPhones but
there's about 10 to 15 people in line
where we are right now dad is in
position number five so I think he has a
really really good chance of getting the
phone that he wants so that would be fun
for him and mom I'm not sure I think she
wants a plus so we'll see what happens
let's hear that so I want a 127
I'm also gonna order lots of excitement
here are you ready to rock and roll down
I'm ready
open it up gotta love that sound
that's right but uh-oh what do you think
it's beautiful
don't take that off yet yes wait till
the screen protectors ready you don't
want too much dust on it now
trust me hello Jared yes this is the
hiphop eponymous I'm looking for the
rhinoceros you got him thank you thank
you how are you did you come in here did
you wake up hey Carl did you wake up
oh did he thanks Jackson
just try and give you monies did you
chop your pink Oh
good morning good morning you slept so
good hey it smells so good
when you wake up yeah this boy is
tuckered out after doing chores this
morning and he slept with his spider-man
he wanted to bring him into the car I
knew the boston would have his Iron Man
I knew he'd have Iron Man Jackson has
spider-man those were the best things I
could have ever purchased for them
yesterday I wanted on there like
life-sized ones but we got away Jackson
up he's asleep we'll stand here for a
minute
you saying hey Bonnie from Boston in
case you wanted to know this tastes like
a melted grape chapstick but I like it
have a good one like I'm great optical
obstacle water bother huh that works too
I like it
don't judge me tell you about the new
great lip glosses yes it's good how many
look welcome you today don't know
Jackson who is that on the table right
there was that an egg do you see you see
an egg on the table right there
is that who you see but what does it
look like go on it again it's really hot
all aboard the adorable train hey
Lincoln you're adorable you're supposed
to stay in the Train woohoo
you having fun boys we were gonna go to
a park and I said why not just come here
okay it is such a beautiful day so we're
like let's just have fun outside in the
backyard Jackson it's on the
four-wheeler yeah like that's the thing
is we're gonna have one of these
backyards soon and yeah they're starting
all the landscaping getting the rocks in
and hopefully we'll have some nice crash
crash to lay on I'm telling them the
rules here I think it has to be in
tonight go ahead yeah buddy
it's funny not too long ago Jackson got
ran over by that four-wheeler and now
he's driving it himself yeah do you
wanna go for a ride Cal he's like yeah
I'm throwing this binky down and I'm
gone for right now okay wait Jackson
Calvin's gonna go with you yeah whoa he
loves it
okay Calvin hold on tight hold on tight
look at his little hands holding onto
him that's so cute
put your head on him hold on tight oh no
they're switching it up
Calvin's taking the reigns in 80 miles a
gallon on this hog still got room for
one more if you want to go to Aspen hey
I told you my mister mister hey not in
this to understand why your mama takes a
nap over that Mickey Mouse should we do
that yeah that's what we do when there's
nothing to do and you got to keep the
kids quiet you make them watch TV here
we go
what's gonna relax and once a little
teeny about that make yourself at home
go right ahead I guess yep you just tap
on those keys as long as you stay with
me we're good so tomorrow my dad and I
are actually playing and singing some
songs at what what are we doing we're
what is this called loaves and fishes
uh-huh and it's a community dinner for
the community yeah and so we're playing
some background music and we've been
practicing a song that we're gonna do
there so I thought I'd give you a little
snippet of that
just when every ray of hope I was just
like my pumpkin cookie recipe that I
made last year as about the ingredients
and I was watching the video and Jackson
saying oh one more it was like you could
barely talk then and now you're talking
that crazy huh you hold it for me forget
my cookies cookies hold it up tight for
me to fall
keep my chair yeah we're just going to
make some chocolate pumpkin chip cookies
decided to have a little snack for the
evening uh dinner and get a little treat
thankee can we have time I'll cut the
boys hair tonight all of the boys is
hair needs to be trimmed even Calvin
even though he doesn't have much hair
when I spike it he has lots a little
small stress so I might try and trim him
as well
terrible
good job grab another need three more of
those I've been meaning to make some
homemade a hot chocolate with the kids
that just seems like we're gonna had
time yet and I got some yummy chocolate
chips these were like the $4 bag of
chocolate chips they're really good so
I'm going to open up because we're gonna
use the rest for like homemade hot
chocolate sometime this week and we'll
use some of these are cookies I'm gonna
eat one or three oh they're so big
look at those okay okay don't you even
think a so this is what this is probably
the hardest part of cutting kids is hair
is I don't like to cut the kid's hair if
it's like a mess or like if that head
like I comb it the way I like to fix it
that way as I'm cutting it I can kind of
see where I'm going and what I'm doing
so your hair is combed now we need to go
cut it and we have really yummy cookies
that are made that we can have a cookie
when we're done she is doing so good
it's just sitting still so awesome yeah
it's been a long time coming hasn't it
first haircut schedule remember I do
it's on your channel he is just dying to
get a haircut
Calvin is just really wanna get haircut
right now
do you you know what when I'm done with
this you can look at this one put your
head down looking good up next is the
cutest guy in town calvini come you're a
little different so you get a cookie
while you get your haircut oh look he is
resisting don't worry young padawan you
will learn the ways of the haircut look
at that focus and intensity from my wife
Ellie she knows what she's doing you
only have a minute with the kids like
this like nice work in the salon there
was a few times so I'm just like gotta
get in here like held their heads I'm
like like this that was like all they
gave me I was like well I have done the
deal with what I have so well you're
doing great and so is he
now that the boys are done it's my turn
and you guys ready to see this I'm
getting my hair cut in three two one all
right
what do you think oh my gosh Ellie you
make me look so much better than I
actually do oh yes I've changed that
head this way not looks not bend it down
there we go
that looks great except there's one
thing what got me again
I just I'm I will forever nag you I just
don't know why you do that all the time
it's not nice
it looks good Jer people notice so word
is on the street that we have had the
biggest visual change in our house
happened today we weren't there to see
it but we are definitely going tomorrow
what do you guys think happened for now
Ellie and I have some popcorn and we are
going to watch a movie
stay tuned for tomorrow to see it and we
will see you guys next time
thanks for watching bye
