can I get a thumbs up if you're really
okay yeah can I see it
where's your okay let's here and get
this good morning guys it is fall it is
cold outside woke up this morning it is
like a little foggy it's very brisk
smells good it's cold come on in Jax he
filled in how cold it is cold never
button
I have a hoodie on takes it so cold I
have the kids as outfit laid out I got
these sweaters for them not too long ago
under a pretty thick lining and they're
pretty warm but this is like the warmest
they have so that's what they're wearing
trucks ins wearing his new shirt with
that I think that's really cute so
anyway I gotta get the kids ready dress
for the day is it cold outside it is
Calvin what do you think is it cold
yes it's very cold and I didn't I came
downstairs and he was on the couch and
he did this it was at the smallest
little wave cute are you tired already
are you tired yeah I am your head down
yeah yeah then you look sharp
you're good unit good you look good
thank you
I like a shirt yeah you love pockets
baby kisses Kelvin one Kenny they're
back
not your candy prayer bag it's Jackson
when he went to the parade like what two
weeks ago got that baggie champion peg
and me slowly we'll give him some hand
there he wants it right now
show me again just like the last like
ten minutes that he's done like really
wanting me to hold him and like when I
put him to stay on to walk he cries and
once we loved it and he just sort of
walked into the toy closet
go get your toys look at you okay hey he
doesn't want to walk he was just limping
so I wonder if he stepped on like one of
these nails that's the thing that I hate
about like these transitions is there's
nails that run through and sometimes you
step on them you know toys look at you
toys there's a little limp there huh my
initial thought is that he stood on like
a little tack but we'll just kind of see
how he goes throughout the next ten or
20 minutes we'll keep an eye on it see
if it changes over the next little bit
he's a good boy ah who's a good boy
Calvin's a good boy oh yeah good boy
well I just laid Calvin down for a nap
and it's been about an hour since we
last filmed him with his little limp and
in the past I don't know 30 45 minutes
the link is just completely gone he's
walking and running normally now so that
makes me think that he just stepped on
one of those little carpet tacks those
kind of things limps and stuff I have
very personal feelings towards because
of my hip situation and I don't want any
sort of of that to be present with
Calvin so we've called a couple doctors
and we're gonna see if we can get in
today to see if there's anything going
on with his hip and we'll check on that
but for now he's doing a lot better
and
he's taking a sweet little nap so
hopefully we'll hear back soon and we'll
go from there
welcome to Jarrod's home phone service
where we take care of all of your needs
you've got your computer you got your
phone Jude will back it up for you and
get you ready for the new iPhone launch
we've got our two customers here Craig
and Tammy Mika mom and dad came over to
get their iphones backed up and
everything ready to go so I'm taking
care of all of that for them because
that's what you do as a son you take
care of your parents and you make sure
that they're good right guys that's we
just want to make sure that it gets done
right so we have to go to the expert yes
thank you for noting that I indeed Andy
is right we're backing up their phones
because tomorrow is iPhone launch day
mom and dad are transferring service and
they're going to upgrade from the iPhone
5s to the iPhone 7 you got I saw
yesterday that our camera is kind of
broken at least on the flip up screen so
Calvin and I are out running a few
errands taking care of a few different
things but before we do that I think we
should get a little bite to eat go on a
little father-son outing what do you
think bud you want to do that - um lunch
with me just you and me you and me you
and me you and me huh huh yeah yeah okay
keep going up
good job
so young man I think all I have to do is
find a screw that's like the same size
as like sunglasses as far as I can tell
the camera uses like the same sizes so
there's something I got repair kits that
will have those in there and I'm gonna
see if that will work so the question is
young man yes I'm talking to you where
are those you're certainly not
interested in what I have to say this is
very important this is building on the
future of our vlogging career
Calvin he's not even listening to me ah
by job you found it Calvin
good job you found a repair kit I think
that we'll have exactly what I need to
fix this or lease Jimmy rigged it to fix
it
I don't think canon sells like little
things like that to fix their cameras
with I kind of hope they don't expect
this to happen but I'm not sure what
happened to this one I'm not the other
one but I think we've got everything we
need let's go home and we'll fix it okay
okay good okay okay okay actually Calvin
one more thing before we go I need to
teach you proper protocol when shopping
okay these are the things that you have
to
okay now we can go okay let's go
I think I found the perfect screw to fit
inside of this to fix it some of you
probably wondering Jared if you're
fixing your camera how are you filming
well obviously I'm using this camera to
film duh
well actually then how am i filming this
one well I'm actually using that camera
over here to film this shot over here
but wait I'm using that camera right
here to film this shot right here oh no
what I'm using that camera right here to
film this shot right here but then
there's no more using that camera right
here to film all of these shots right
here shots for everyone
I think we've caught Jackson right
before a bowel movement and we got him
on the toilet and we're trying to
convince him to stay on so we have a
little iPad for him to enjoy while he's
sitting there
Jackson can pee like nobody's business
he'll do all by himself he'll take off
his pants and I'll go Pete but pooping
is a totally different story he kind of
gets a little scared when he poos and he
doesn't like to sit on the toilet when
he's booing but we caught it beforehand
and he's sitting on the toilet now so
we're crossing our fingers that he'll be
comfortable enough and just kind of hang
out there with an iPad watching Zootopia
hopefully pooping thanks Brian and Missy
for the tip they're like try and like
get him or distracted cuz he'll get on
and wanna jump off my sister a lot Emily
was telling me something that when they
were potty training Kate that she felt
like and it totally makes sense it's
like when a child goes poop in a diaper
it like holds that secured their body
but when they're pooping on the toilet
it may seem really scary because it's
that coming out of their body and
honestly if it's anything like what I
think it might be for a kid after
delivering a baby going to the bathroom
going poop for the first time after
delivering delivering a baby is
extremely scary I cry every time
first we're like a week after but
specifically that first time because it
feels like your insides are coming out
and that's kind of graphic but that's
totally how it feels and I honestly
wonder if that's how kids feels they're
like what is going on my end I want to
be my outside it really is so scary so
hopefully if he can go potty go poop a
few times on his own he'll you shouldn't
want to do it like yeah peeing but
that's the worst of after childbirth is
it's sad and scary whoopsy
all right enough talk now on to dinner
for dinner I am making my chicken
parmesan that I did a video on the other
day thank you guys for the request
everyone said we'll take the lid off
it'll be more crispy thank you I did not
think of that so I'm cooking my chicken
my noodles are almost ready to get
cooking and then I am making a cream
sauce but with pumpkin so the sauce has
they have cup of pumpkin a little bit of
nutmeg some parmesan so I'm gonna
picking up my milk flour and butter and
then add the cheese then add the pumpkin
so hopefully that'll be good I've never
tried this before but it looked really
good on Pinterest and this sounds really
yummy especially on the site kind of
cold date is definitely getting into
Falls I wasn't cooking I can hear Jared
say push you could do it like a minute
is he doing it I was like he's crowning
Oh
oh that's sad but funny hey dinner's
almost ready
sauce is pretty much completed got it
add everything else into it well this
one is going down for the books I like
it I'm gonna make again Anita do you
like it enough to have you make it again
yeah do you really different um I
thought like yeah yeah I took a bite of
I was like what is it is this pumpkin
spice noodles it's gonna spice and
everything it's good it's good Calvin is
eating his up Jackson how are you doing
how's the food tastes good wishes no you
be nice to mommy she made this for you
yeah we need to go our dinner take a
bite of the chicken
do you like it just yours oh it looks
yummy Calvin I think we're done I think
we're done with dinner no you want to
eat any leftover come here oh oh my gosh
oh my god oh my gosh okay there we go
so while you're upstairs how long will
we be down here you could hear us all
yelling and crying 15 minutes maybe so
my mom used to always do this and I
don't do it very often but I put Jackson
right here and said you're gonna sit on
the first door while I clean him while I
do the dishes because I just can't I
cannot do it right now
you keep running in and you're crying
and like everybody it's just everyone
was everywhere so I'm like you're just
gonna sit here and watch me and like
automatically it was really good and
he's just watching me clean and you're
observing and you're we're not quite as
whiny but anyway I'm just sitting here
and now I'm actually finally able to get
going on dishes and wiping up when I'm
done we'll get you down okay maybe we'll
sing a song while we do it what song
should we sing you don't you want to
seeing those Loompa song you love Oompa
Loompa I know okay you're gonna stay
here still but we're not gonna sing let
me finish picking up say okay mom okay
we won't sing no more can I get a thumbs
up if you're really okay yeah can I see
it where's your okay let's here and get
this lets finish cleaning you are
stinker we're going inside
and we look at it that was beautiful
do you like it it goes all the way down
- that's awesome
I think if I do one more it looks a
little lighter than the door so look at
that yeah thank you for stunning Wow
that is rich that is so rich Ellie oh I
wonder if they did their desk look I
only that what's so stinking good it
looks very good
oh they did do that under there laughs -
oh yeah under here under Jarrod's desk
they did this lip so they could put all
of the cords yeah be like so look really
nice underneath he that looks good and
lights up so pretty wide that's cool
staircase I'm Jackson down there since
singing another great video yeah looks
good I'm pretty sure he's gonna do one
more stain on that so cool okay so
that's what they did today was the
staining huh how fun they're already at
home playing it full run around Cal you
want to go run around
hey come here hey Calvin gotta come out
sometime
hi Joyce you face this is so pretty cool
come here if your dinner buzzes gonna
slap you Oh to infinity and karate chop
Oh down for the count your turn go get
in Jackson go take out Buzz Lightyear's
well the firemen do you want what is
that
I love em I want to eat if I want to get
in the closet by myself I deserve that
I feel like it's like a Samoa I need a
smell what is it let me go wait I want
to know what it is oh so I just know
that's it Targa has naturebox and they
have these naturebox was actually one of
our very first promotions that we ever
did we did it one um but anyway I saw
those there and I was like oh my gosh
I really do love them but I was eating
these a sweet and salty toaster coconut
chips yeah I you up did you use open up
a new you turn there's a zipper okay let
me loop er yes the fusions of freshness
your sticker the kids are all gonna want
one he'll be like a little mini waffles
Kim your kids you won't want these
before bed no well I've gotta take a
pancake Jackson Gatlin no they're pretty
cool mmm thanks mommy I'm going to eat
my toasted coconut by myself and the tub
next time
so I've called just about every carrier
and store like Best Buy and Verizon in
the city and I don't think anyone is
going to have an iPhone 7 plus so mom
and I will not be getting phones
tomorrow I'm okay with that dad is going
to go to Verizon tomorrow early early in
the morning and you are gonna get an
iPhone right yes I am so I've still
never done this before even though I'm
not gonna get a phone I'm gonna go with
dad for moral support and we're gonna
have fun camping out at Verizon aren't
we it's gonna be a party yeah so I still
want to have the experience at least
once I don't know call me crazy but I
think we're gonna have a good time
hanging out 4:00 in the morning in line
waiting for dad's phone that's what a
true Sunday oh well we're gonna call it
a night
thank you guys so much for watching
Jackson we say goodbye to our friends we
will see you guys tomorrow thanks for
watching Calvin say bye Calvin can you
say goodbye to our friends bye
