hurry and restock I think what I love
most okay put some more in I think that
I love most is this I'll be just like
follows Jackson I ran okay time to fill
my bowl up too
have you been trying to throw um cereal
Calvin you already a I'm trying to get
you cleaned up the Jacksons are trying
to throw his cereal to him so he can
have another one one it's a good thing
that we are early rising people but it's
not good that we don't have the fun by
us my phone fell behind the bed this
morning is 10 and we have tons of phone
calls text messages from the hardwood
guy the tile guy and the Builder and
they were Ella eight o'clock the Reg hey
we needed meet with you we needed Ben
I'm like crap no so I text them all I'm
like give me ten minutes so Thank You
Bonnie I'm gonna drop the kids off for
30 minutes we can go over the house no I
am NOT saying that on camera I hurt
myself if you want I can tell them why
I'm sad today okay can you go to the
doctor's today I think I have a little
infection and Jared just hurt his why
are you I kinda like it is my job
different
the boys are matching today thank you so
much you're welcome we're gonna go play
okay my body met P okay thank you so
it's all Prime's down here let's cool
off let's get in there that's beautiful
I can't wait to put deck as high well
I'm surprised it so high-rise it's
alright
I guess for the title that's wow that's
cool so the builders happen to call
those guys and shoot some people out
with his wife right now and then they're
just like like well why didn't this
happen why did this happen and there's
just been major confusion and
miscommunication between the painter the
flooring guy the cabinet guy all of it
is coming in at once because the
cabinet's were here and when the
cabinets are in we have ten days to move
in but the cabinet's aren't ready to
come in because the hardwood guy didn't
stain last week and we didn't know that
he was supposed we thought the painter
went first but the stain er was supposed
to do the hardwood floors first and men
paint so it's just everything is just
it's crazy so we're just trying to make
some phone calls and figure things out
those are our ya know not only that but
the tile guy has to come in and finish
all of his stuff to like this garage
yeah and it's like this is crunch time
this is like where little things make a
big difference are we gonna make our
move-in date that's a big question we
have a lot of people on a completely
different end of the spectrum as far as
like the interior design or the holding
company the furniture deliveries those
are all waiting for a specific date and
how they may have changed yeah it's like
a movie like this is like the climax
like the the culmination of all of this
stuff that we been preparing for is
coming to a close will we make it
we don't know stay tuned this definitely
is an adventure and I'm not my dad I
just I mean I'm anxious to get in but I
don't think that we're disappointed in
this one oh no we're we're so excited oh
he's really mad at us guys he's been not
happy with his subcontractors
yeah the subcontractors his guys have
been done for a long time the
subcontractors that's the biggest thing
is because there's so many projects
going on so much time and everyone has
to communicate with each other
a big puzzle and not everyone is doing a
good job with that I've really enjoyed
all the guys we've worked with though
like all the subcontractors have been so
nice and they've been very respectful
they always ask like twice that K are
you sure you want this and then before
they do it they say hey come over here
and take a look so that we are happy
with what they're doing so I really
appreciate it and sooner than later I
always said as long as you move them
before Halloween I'll be good so I think
just looking like it's gonna be right
it's definitely not gonna be the 1st of
October or the end of the month anymore
I think we are out a few weeks at least
I think around the fort weeks yeah we're
we what we found out today we're backed
up at least 2 weeks yeah with the floor
with one one thing can push you back
that far so that's ok we'll have fun
we're still having a happy face but the
hot tub will probably be in before that
so we'll have a hot tub we're coming you
better believe we're gonna come here
late at night and I am laughing so hard
at ourselves right now we just talked
about yesterday how we're in the third
trimester of the house we're about to
have this house baby I'm holding the
baby house in our arms and it's given me
so magnificent and wonderful but we're
going over our due date we're going into
the fourth trimester we're gonna have a
baby at 44 weeks and it's twins I'm not
like oh well it's like but what's
worrying me is the other people on our
end like our landlord moving some
furniture and that piano movers or I've
already rescheduled things so luckily
everybody has been really nice on their
end but that's what worries yeah I have
to call them all again there's a lot of
hands in this process and we're trying
to shake each and every one of them and
give them a big hug right so we made our
way back to the
we have an appointment with him the
painter and the hardwood guy and they
finished all the priming throughout the
house it's art it's so different already
and we cut a hole in the paper here to
get some colors some stains and this is
just like natural stain and it already
looks beautiful what do you think Kelly
yeah I think I'd like a little hair
darker but I didn't think how much I'd
like this like I like this a lot but I
think I'd like to see a little bit
darker No so this is a stain that we're
doing for my desk is all right wow that
looks nice
that is really rich and your cabinets
are gonna be that blue wow that looks
great Jerry I like that all right so we
call it quits
we're done we're adding so this is the
color that I'm looking for for the desk
and this is the color because of that
yeah look at that it's so hard to see in
the camera but that glass looks so it
looked just like that when it's all done
yeah I think that's good maybe yeah just
a touch darker your just a touch yeah
yeah okay so that's not yeah perfect
the reason why take different cuz
different wood okay what do you think so
far
pale they can start
don't you feel a little more here yeah
see you bigger yeah I like that a lot
yeah this is my favorite so far
and mine too you know I'd like to try
and see what it looks like with this one
in that farmer mix okay to darken it a
little bit just a smidgen yeah and you
like it darker so we'll see what it
looks like next so the one that Jer and
I like the most
he did a house and that's what it looks
like
look how good that looks we love that
dark one right there
okay well we'll mix it and see but so
far that's our favorite it's our
favorite you love how rich it looks like
this oh compared to these like
these are just too greenish to me I
really like that I think we have a
winner
well I had to look through at like five
different angles I'm walking yeah well
all the windows are covered up in here
when the light is shining through and
everything else is done like Nikko
really liked it so this is the one that
we liked the best and then he makes to
half with that one and this makes that
one I think I like it
especially it's not too dark for me yeah
looking at it really close I really like
it
taking this it's really cool I like the
darker yeah
and it's a little hair darker because
they wiped it off with water and then
let it dry that way the stains on stain
my cuts and am a lot better and just
going on dry if it looks great
give ourselves did he say he'd be done
in a week with the painting like look
okay so in a week a week this will be
done so look great having fun with you
so fun this is all of our paint guys
look how much paint and this might even
be bridges the upstairs wow that was
actually a really fun meeting I was kind
of nervous because the painter and the
harbor guy are the ones who this is the
delay this is the miscommunication but I
have to show you this because it just
goes to show like how good these guys
are
the painter went through and primed the
whole basement the whole upstairs and as
he was going through he went through and
you see all of these orange spots
throughout the house those are little
Nick's and he says I make sure that this
I want you to live in a nicest the
nicest house you possibly can and if
there's a nick it would bother me so I
know and bother you
you took a flashlight and fixes it for
us so there's no Nicks when the house is
all done like look at all that orange
those are all Nick's in the wall and he
is patching them up I mean look at all
of these right here you know so you're
getting up close you can see right there
that's the darker spot and they putty it
in and then you know mush it clean isn't
that crazy
yeah there is a big week ahead of us I
know we have delays I know things like
this happen and they're to be expected
but I am grateful for the guys that are
working on here because I know they're
working hard and they're doing a great
job
some of you we should probably go take
bunnies camera vector sir probably go to
Bonnie's and give her her camera back
and I just pray I can't handle buying
everybody right here and it fell off and
the battery I think it was like this
before
honey I'm sorry I'll get you know we
didn't break it guy there's already
broke
you should've told us we broke it we
would have gotten you a new one I am on
home taking care of a few things and
these guys are the most adorable things
I've ever laid my eyes on
it is raining so hard outside and these
guys are called cuddled up with their
popcorn watching a hundred and one
donations like it's the cutest sight
I've ever seen how precious is this like
I love it okay you can look at the rain
I'm gonna go see mom they both still
have their popcorn coming up cow sounds
I'm hurryin restock just like follows
Jackson Iran okay time to fill my bowl
up - I'm gonna go sit down eat popcorn
okay that's enough okay put some in your
bowl I'll clean this up today has felt
like an adventure and I'm so grateful
for it sure there's some ups and downs
and everything but I'm grateful for the
things that were going through
right now like we're building a house I
am grateful for that even though it is
going to be delayed no big deal
whatsoever right wife alright so we're
gonna go ahead and end the vlog thank
you so much for watching if you guys
have a notice we have like a little new
end slate I think right here if you
click this right here there's a
subscribe button here is a video made
just for you guys so be sure to check it
out and we'll see you guys in tomorrow's
video we've uh we've got some crazy
stuff going on tomorrow to you so stay
tuned thanks for watching bye
