ah okay okay I'll stop I'll just stop
I'll be nice Oh be nice
good morning guys today is Tuesday and
Tuesday is my filming day so I am
getting ready I'm sitting down with all
of my books and pens and stuff and I'm
going to be doing a mommy planner video
with I invited my sister's to
participate so a few of them have
already sent over their clips so I'm
excited I'm gonna do a planning video my
sisters and this is all I'm excited for
you because this is like something that
you're into like you do a lot of this
goodbye after well I am so grateful not
exactly opposite I'm just like let's
just fly by the seat of our pants you're
organized and I appreciate that you're
good I apply a lipstick on my teeth now
you do your things and I do my things
and this just works for us it's great so
let's get ready to film baby
hi good morning
that did you drop it
how are you did you take a good nap can
you jump like you do on the trap jump
hit your face a little oh that's the
last of it hi hi oh I'm sorry oh do you
want to play with that please dad
Oh lots of sticker curse yet thank you
oh no brother got stickers everywhere
Frank hey Captain Underpants you ready
to go look at the house does your
another bar
oh it was in my mouth and you took it
right out
I had to sneak away from talking with a
painter because I'm freaking out about
my dish
oh my god look at this it's beautiful oh
look at that it looks so stinking good
oh my gosh and look they've got runners
for cords to go all the way through oh
my gosh that's amazing Oh oh my gosh
there's even a hole here so I can run
the courts through the hole oh my gosh
they did exactly what I wanted
that is so perfect this is completely
I'm loving this
well we've gotta cut our little tour
pretty quick they're gonna start
spraying any second now
are you excited this is gonna be the
last time our house looks like this when
we come next time it's going to be
completely different two days happy
priming so it will still show a little
different yeah yeah did you see my desk
re freaking out I was freaking out to be
officially done with it well I think
there's some stuff underneath it gotta
finish but Christine
just texted the floor guy thirsty
and it looks a little little obviously
darker but a little more brown but now
it doesn't look as brown we like it mom
me too when we get the Sun even looks a
little darker in camera I like it from
neutral I like it especially how green
our rock is and the fun thing about
Hardy board is you can always repaint it
like in 10 years we can repaint a
different color if we wanted I kind of
feel like this is what it's like when
you are pregnant the last few weeks you
want the baby but you don't want to lose
out on the rest of the experience like I
liked being like I thought me it sounds
like I just I would miss the baby in my
tummy
and I kind of relate that to the house
like I am so excited and ready to move
in but I'm also gonna be some use out on
like like the pic look this is the final
trimester I don't want the camera on me
I just want it on the house like go get
there they're prepping the mantle is
beautiful you did such a good job we
need to measure that again today for the
picture
hey you come here often there you are
now I can see you I was like wow that's
a good-looking vehicle right there there
must be some awesome person driving it
who has two thumbs and is awesome that
sure sweet of you to think of your
brother checks and got a half a cookie
incident Calvin won so he's gonna go get
twelve and a half a cookie anything
Calvin sees it oh oh he's hiding his big
cookie
thank you thanks Jackson
what what is going on hey we locked you
out where's where's Ellie and Jackson oh
they're in the backyard did we lock you
out dad and I were just having a good
time singing and playing on the guitar
and I'm like what what is that was
Calvin what is that mom's knocking on
the door please let us say night we have
like three text messages he's like
you've walked this out okay you're in
you want to play the piano play me a
love song
that's beautiful count yes he did he
wanted him he wanted to join in on the
singing knocking forever
I'm sure Jerry can hear me I know dad
so Ellie was lucky enough during the
iPhone pre-order process to get the
exact phone that she wanted to I on the
other hand was not I didn't preorder an
iPhone but were at the Verizon store
release I'm at the Verizon store I want
to make sure our account is all up to
date ready to go make sure everything
will go smoothly when Ellie gets her
phone and you know what I'm gonna do is
I'm actually going to I've never done
this before
but I'm I'm excited too I've never done
it for any type of event I think I'm
gonna camp out I think I'm going to camp
out at the Verizon store to see if I can
get a phone on launch day I've never
done that before I'm kind of excited to
see who's gonna be there how many new
people will be there it'll definitely be
interesting have you guys ever camped
out for anything I know my
brother-in-law Landon stayed overnight
for like Buffalo Wild Wings I had some
friends stay up for like Call of Duty
launches this is the first time I've
ever done it and I think I might bring
Calvin with me you want to come yeah are
you poopy is your pants a puppy
Hey yes for you mid sloppy just tonight
and we have corn the corn was not that
good Wow do you like the sloppy joes mmm
Calvin do you like them aunt Megan sent
Calvin and his little baby gift his
shoes funny she's like it said later but
that's okay I don't mind she makes the
best towels for the kids their little
hooded telescope Jackson has one
upstairs too they're really nice so
excited to bathe you and put you in that
she even wrote a little note for him hey
Jackson how was dinner tonight
good - he's got hot hot called blow on
it some more okay you kiddos it is time
for bed and you both are wearing your
new Jami you got your little raccoon
going on got a puppy dog going on Calvin
let me see you oh that looks good
don't forget your monkey we got rid of
the rocking chair bone Emily let us
borrow the rocking chair so we gave that
back thank you guys so cute get on your
turtle and you get on your special rocks
are you gonna bring those with you to
the new house yes I just got the kids
wash the Bates um one I have a lot but
one of my favorite lotions for the kids
I get at a Sam's Club and it is this
nature well but they really like but
they have this seasonal freaking one
that comes out and I just got that one
but this is almost gone and then I'll
use the pumpkin I love it just smells so
good I use on me and the kids it makes
the skin so smooth so they smell good
they're fresh ready for bed actually
they're ready to play it Calvin say good
night okay good night good night
say good night friends you hear it can
you guys hear the rain it's raining and
storming I walked in and I saw Jax and
that is when don't looking at the rain
you see the lightning and thunder yeah
did you yeah we're just gonna lay in
Jackson's bed and listen to the storm
and we will see you guys tomorrow right
guys thank I my guy
