hey wait I want to tell you something
okay I love you oh now I'm gonna
piledrive you into the truck
we have had a early morning Jared I woke
up before the kids we got ready right as
soon as the kids got up we threw some
clothes on them you look so good you're
wearing a new long C shirts real chilly
outside but you have two kids are
dressed of you today what to do to a lot
of you today God do you to me and
Jackson's shirt on the back says the way
of the do do dodo do you will call it do
do we like to talk poop around here our
first stop of the morning is back at the
house we want to come throughout the day
a couple times to see the paint swatches
and the different colors how they look
at different times of the day we have a
lot of overcast today so I'm not sure
how that's gonna work I like it
especially how light the rock is yeah it
looks a lot better right now than it did
yesterday because we're getting a lot of
directs online on it so it looked more
brownish to me the thing that I like
about this one but I kind of don't like
I like to be blue you to it but at some
points it looks purple very too blue
yeah so right now in the camera is very
vibrant blue it's not that it's more
like a grayish blue to my eyes but this
one I I like this one better but there's
just a little too much Brown in it to me
you like the brown show the rock up to
it rock is like I think that we will
like that yeah we'll have to see and
then these ones are just like what were
they thinking you know these are right
so we picked out all of our faucets and
our showerheads and whatnot already at
the store that the filter has this go to
but they said at the end like the towel
bars and the
keeping the all of this stuff she said
is just a little bit cheaper not at that
store I guess
so anyway we're so close and we're
picking that out so we are debating
between this bad boy or that set I think
this might be a little too contemporary
for me I don't really love the toilet
paper thing but this is gonna be covered
up anyway so I'm just gonna let a chair
decide on which one he really likes but
I kind of like this one when I think
we're leaving a low whatever one's
cheaper let's look at the prices right
here I'll get the prices I'm sure that
was more expensive this one's probably
cheaper because it's it's not
contemporary I'm still amazed by this I
know I why was at my mom's house and I
was like wait my mom even has this on
her bathroom like ooh fancy I like it
no 6585 that one is so much cheaper no
no no look look look
okay this has a lot more stuff like okay
okay okay so that's what that might be a
little rustic
all I saw was $84 like I'm not Sunday
four bucks per - no it's a really nice
toilet toilet paper folder okay wrong
one we were looking at the wrong one I
was like trying to defend that one I was
like I don't even like that sorry
it's a Sun it's that one something I
don't really like in our town room is I
like having towel bar racks to hang
towels on but those with the hooks we
have hooks in our bathroom and our
towels never stay on but we are going to
be getting hooks for the master bathroom
because there's a big mirror on one wall
and there's just not really room for a
bar so I think we are gonna get hooks
and that little towel hook does it look
like it's gonna hold a towel one two
three four oh he's tired
goodnight oh oh come on look at that
look is desertion
ah that's go to bed okay uh uh okay it's
time for you to go take a nap young man
I know you like dance parties but it's
time for a nap give me kiss that was so
fun Wow
so show everyone what you want it's
already recording so say hi and some
what you want hi hi
are you sure Jackson aye oh so Jared and
I often especially at the house have
gone we always say into town we it's by
my mom's house it's about 50 minutes
away and we're always going down that
way whether we're visiting mom saying hi
to family going shopping that's what a
lot of shopping is and um the house
stuff because the Builder actually lives
that way so the Builder and his crew
driving out two hours every day they
drive an hour to help build them drive
home so he's really is doing us a favor
he never builds up in our area that he
was he built for us because he likes my
mama
thank you mom and so yeah we're going
down again because we weren't going to
today but we got the house stuff done
and the kids will sleep in the car it
should be good anyway cuz it's like noon
and we have a few things we need to do
down there and specifically my computer
we got the logic board replaced on
Ellie's computer not too long ago maybe
a few weeks ago and it's still having
the issues so instead of going to like
the
a authorized reseller here we're going
to go to the Apple store which I love by
the way so every time I turn my laptop
on or just once in a while it'll like
the all pixelated and like frozen and
it's not good at all and so and it's
only like a year old so we only got my
designer in a year old Sierra kahan
Souls oh look at this you filling up
your little water go grab your stool
yeah get your pinky out for tea time
gotta get your water make sure it's uh
uh one hour later but one hour and a
half later we have a part ourselves ooh
I see you yeah oh my goodness there you
go again ready set go
good job guys so at this park slash
shopping area they haven't built a bear
and Jared I have thought it for a long
time that it'd be fun to go have jackson
go to build-a-bear and but I
specifically thought it would be fun to
do it right before the house they have
like a little animal to go into the home
totally just be good would be so fun
probably more fun on our end but they
have it here and I was like I really
want to go do it but we probably won't
do it today I kind of want to make a
full day out of it where we wake up come
down the kids spend all day here play we
do lunch with them and then we do the
build-a-bear and then go home with them
so we probably won't do it today but I
really want to KCAL guy ready
oh I have a fun yeah high five good job
trying to get up here with brother there
we go isn't that sweet
that's a picture worthy moment gonna hug
you brother oh you're so cute can I give
him a kiss on the cheek cousins like
nine but we had a blast at the park
didn't we boys did you have fun in the
park jump out of the park Jackson
Jackson gee up front of the park Shep
front of the park oh there you go and
then we went to the Apple store and it
turns out the first time that we went to
get Ellie's computer fixed they didn't
fix it all of the way there were some
like system settings that they didn't
finish and Steve at the Apple store who
was a big help
he's like oh yeah let me do this little
boo-boo so there's a couple things we've
got to do at home but thank you we
appreciate your help and after spending
a couple hours at the mall and at the
Apple Store it feels so good to be here
at Ellie's parents house and have a nice
home-cooked meal we're having steak and
corn and is delicious and Kelvin is
chowing down on the corn is that good do
you like it yeah whoa don't worry I'm
coming to save you I'm going to save you
she okay oh did you fall down did you
fall off the trampoline come here come
here
okay oh my goodness you all right yeah
did you fall over you know what you say
when you fall over yeah
what do you say and cap you're tough
that's right now are you ready to get
back on that trampoline II
yeah okay let's do it okay you can do it
daddy true Oh daddy will jump with you
Oh hahaha
okay ready here we go
did I jumped by for you can you show me
your coolest trick wow that was awesome
would you say okay I'll try here we go
what do you think is that cool okay whoa
oh yes I will go out of my way to step
on that crunchy leaf crunch the thing
that I love most about fall has walking
on the sidewalk where there's leaves
that have fallen on the ground and you
step on them and they make that crunchy
sound what's on your mind what do you
think it wait I want to tell you
something okay I love you oh now I'm
gonna piledrive you into the trampoline
a new challenger has entered the
competition crane kick Calvin is ready
to take you on oh okay you can't handle
the the power of crane kick Calvin he
didn't even have to do anything you're
victorious yeah you're the winner
you're the winner the winner that way
put it that way
nope you don't have to push just pointed
at me ready 1 2 is that cool
hey you two it's time to go you ready to
go
he's time to go chase your mommy how you
jump yeah
jump yeah easy yeah it's cute
what's your trick okay ready 1
till one two three one I've broken it
out I have my fall winter onesie jammy
on I love it
I am so warm we should turn the a/c down
or off or something
it's chilly want the kids to sleep well
I was upstairs getting ready for bed and
of course it was on pedrosan Instagram
and I am so excited to decorate our
porch or fall I never decorate for fall
I have no Falls decorations I have
Christmas decorations I don't know why a
large-sized haven't wanted to buy fall
stuff or any other type of decor as you
can see in our home this is about as
good as you get I just haven't cared and
it's I'm just excited to make my home my
own that's what it's all like our home
feels like our own like when we were at
Lowe's today I was like going to Lowe's
feels so different because we have a
place of our own like I was so excited
to go into Lowe's because it's for our
house not for a place that we're renting
and it was amazing like a totally
different feeling I'm just I'm really
excited I cannot wait upon a pumpkin on
my stairs so thank you guys so much for
watching and like always we will see you
tomorrow tomorrow's our filming day my
coming they said Watson yes yes I know
why should we do the QA for my trace and
why did you I think okay if you guys
have question on Twitter hashtag ask
Ellie and Jared Tara and leave a comment
down below if you have a question for us
and it'll be on my channel see you later
bye
