everyone make the scariest faces Oh
good morning kids I missed you yesterday
and they both woke up very happy to see
us but Jackson is suffering at the
dinner table what does daddy tell you at
night and what do you say okay yeah
daddy daddy mean or is daddy happy okay
happy but firm yes good and bad in bed
where does daddy say to you how does
that he say it was the elephant go
downstairs do ya
the elephant is hanging on his wall in
his bedroom sometimes he says Jai sit
sit on my bed sit on my bed cuz he wants
me to stay with them I have to go to bed
too he said sit on elephant no I can't
sit on that elephant it will hurt me and
the elephant will fall down sit on lion
then the line will fall to ya
daddy's got big bum dishes this is my
chip take him for a ride okay Baikal
this work Jared saw this on Facebook the
other day when we have a pan like a
booth up a dirty pan and you can't get
the grime off that you put water in and
a dryer sheet and you let us sit
overnight and then in the morning what
kind of gross that is you just pour it
out and the bottom of your pan is clean
was ours one this stinks and it worked
that's kind of cool usually what I try
like stuff like that it like a half
works but no that works so dryer sheet
and water
you're Panza trying to color before you
go to bed
here you go wow that looks so good can
you sing me a song before we go to bed
what a song should we sing she was
saying itsy bitsy spider itsy bitsy
spider went up the waterspout down came
the rain and wash the spider out I think
you're so cute and sweet I just want to
film all of you your cute little toes
I'll see you in an hour and a half or
two while the kids are napping Jared and
I are cleaning out his closet and the
office and we have a donation bag and
some donations for shoes that Jared is
no longer going to be wearing and we are
cleaning out the office and pretty much
after this the inside of the house has
already been like gone through and
anything that we don't want to bring to
the new house we will have gotten rid of
as far as like closets and clothes go
so Jared needs to go through all of
these SD cards put the footage on the
computer and erase some we're charging
all of our camera stuff today just
trying to organize a little better so if
you look here I've got two hard drives
right here this is from last year this
is the current one that went to the
pants this one over here is just the
ones that we use for Ellie's pictures
that I've been commandeering for all of
our daily footage so I've used the past
few months on here just in the meantime
it's crazy how much like storage goes
into this isn't that weird yeah all
these SD cards all these hard drives
it's crazy
hi is that George yeah well you want the
alligator toy huh have you been saying
hi to him can't give him a hug is that
your buddy when you wake up yes should
we bring him to the new house I think we
should I think that this week you
probably will start packing up certain
things in a box to get a little more
organized so you have like two and a
half inch three weeks they say so I have
a company that's holding some furniture
so like the 27th is my I told them that
will be moving in they'd have it said no
they said yeah at the end of the
mountain so hopefully that's just few
weeks away let me get you out yes come
here I need a kiss from you come here
have a kisses you want the alligator huh
take a kiss you want that you want to
snap your fingers it's going to bite
them do I buy it Kevin
you wanna buy to this it's so good but
it's so hot can you blow on it blow on
it well you're gonna bro it's hot go on
the food on the food good job there you
got so much better
alrighty Jared and I have a little house
update for you guys we just met up with
the Builder at the house just now and we
are going over the things that the
workers have to finish up and about
moving dates and times the Builder has
told all his workers were closing at the
end of the month you need to get your
stuff done and so far there hasn't been
any crazy pushback they are getting
ready to paint the house and then the
cabinet's go in and then they finished
the other tile work and stuff and he
said once cabinets are in you have about
ten days until you move in and so which
is crazy to me I have someone holding
our furniture for us and they have to
have a day when they move it in and I
told him like the 27th of the end of the
month
and the Builder said that's going to be
cutting it really really close I'd have
it more like there
and so I'm going to tell them the second
that way it gives me time to like clean
the house out once everyone's done with
the house and that way I can just have
it the second so I'm gonna call the
holding company hopefully tomorrow and
ask if that date will work for them and
then the painters came and swatch the
back of the house so these two colors we
didn't like and the color of our rock is
very light we have the most lightest
color of rock and the neighborhood and
it's really beautiful it has like green
lots of gold and stuff in there and so I
want the paint to be darker if that
makes sense like the contrast so that
was to like blue purplish for me I don't
even know what they were thinking with
these two like I don't even know what
they're thinking but those are not it
and then there's this one and it looks
darker in the camera and we are on the
back side of the house where it's like
really shaded okay I just grabbed the
rock to like look at it with this and it
looks much lighter I think the lighting
is kind of bad right here but I do like
the rock with that color I think it's
very pretty I think that that's just
like a nice
taupey neutral color versus the bluish
color and it is a little bit dark but
honestly i-i want it dark like because
this is also light so i think that's
what we're gonna go with unless jared
says otherwise and we're gonna get
moving things along but for sure they
said we will be closing at the end of
the month but give yourself a little bit
with other people on the schedule so i
think more like the second we will have
them bring in like our furniture so
hopefully that will be good that's our
house update look jackson do you see
this making his way home
it's a pretty big yard how you doing
good some good look at horses you got
there you guys having fun playing in the
dirt Wow look what you've got buddy oh
my goodness that looks so delicious have
you guys ever had dirt and worms yeah
Jackson what do you got in there you've
got some stone soup yeah what do you got
there Cody oh yeah I remember in like
preschool kindergarten or something we
had a book called Stone Soup and that
was like one of my favorite books to
read as a kid
I just remembered that like it's funny
to think like I haven't thought about
that book since I was a little kid but
just that that picture right there made
me think of that it's so crazy the lone
child just eating his dinner all the way
over the table kids made a fort why are
you laughing well I had his sandwich
over here and he walked all the way over
the table to sit down everyone make the
scariest faces oh yeah I gave Calvin a
sandwich over at the Sween he got out of
the swing
came over here and decided to eat his
sandwich because is this where boys and
kids eat their sandwiches yes are you
being a big boy did you say your prayer
put your arms you sing a song huh
kissing me yeah boy sandwich yummy
you're so cute
you need a little push link hi here we
got his thanks for letting us come chill
at your house for a little bit yes I
love it it feels so good watching the
kids play relaxing my Sunday afternoon I
love this that's good so today is
September 11th 2016 15 years after what
happened in New York and in Washington
DC a lot of people have been going
around and talking about where they were
what they were doing what they remember
and that they'll never forget it
and so I thought I would say where I was
and what I was feeling during the time
and what I feel now and I remember being
in 7th or 8th grade
and me and my buddy Zach went early to
school to work with our teacher on a
science project and he had the news
playing and I remember seeing the news
of the towers and everything and it just
it didn't feel real at all I didn't
think it was real until I saw my
teachers face and how serious he was
and I won't ever forget it the thing
that I'll remember the most and I think
that I'll always remember about that
experience is about the how we were as a
country on 9/12 how everyone came
together despite the tragedy that
happened that everyone was looking out
for their neighbor that everyone was
helping each other they were sticking up
for each other and we were working
together it's not fun when terrible
things happen like that they bring us
together that's a good thing but it's
not fun when a terrible thing does that
and I always wish and hope that despite
the negativity that goes around that we
as humans can do stuff together and work
together all of the time during good or
bad I want us to be a people like we
were on 9/12 throughout the entire world
the country your community your
neighborhood even your family that's one
thing that I will take with me for the
rest of my life is how we were after the
fact and how we can come together
I hope my words convey the same way that
I'm picturing them in my head that it's
it's a good thing where were you guys I
know there's a lot of people in our
audience who probably weren't even born
yet
and won't be able to experience that the
same way that a lot of us did but where
were you what were your feelings and
that's kind of what I wanted to leave
you guys with today as we end the vlog
thank you guys so much for watching the
videos today we hope you have a
wonderful day that you can remember the
things that you've experienced and use
those experiences to make yourself a
better person to help those around you
we'll see you tomorrow bye
