you are such a funny kid that's Steve
Irwin right there I've got this
grasshopper you know I'm gonna poke him
with a stick just to see what happens
what are you guys doing out here we're
harvesting
what are you doing Jackson you getting
the tomatoes the bomb a doe is such a
good helper do you want to take a bite
of one Jackson do you want to eat one
nope nope looking for the ripe ones yeah
we're looking for the ripe ones here he
those two orange just clomping around
through the whole garden what a kid yeah
yeah oh good okay good job bud good
morning guys it's a beautiful Saturday
and may I introduce bump it up up up
about it up uh but uh the pregnant belly
my sister's in town hi Jen how are you
good you look so beautiful with your
pregnant belly and all are you singing
the superman song hey cannon
hi buddy more more he's he just had a
second he's like yeah I want some more
of that stuff Jennifer's husband Tyson
just left he's gone fishing with his dad
but they're in town for the day and we
had to stop by and say hello before
Ellie and I yeah well not not a ton has
changed so we haven't there's not a ton
to show just yet but for you guys in a
way Jennifer hasn't seen anything else
that's gonna make like a hole inside
it's gonna be totally different soon
it's a beautiful Saturday and we're
gonna have so much fun I'm excited don't
pose like he's crawling on you Jackson
that cool little buddy huh was that cool
Jackson yes yes like this
Oh be soft with this there we go
hold there you go good job
oh you petting him yeah good job Jackson
such a funny kid that's Steve Irwin
right there I've got this grasshopper no
I'm gonna poke him with a stick just to
see what happens okay let's go home oh
okay let it put him in the grass okay
put him in the garden good job Jackson
there goes there he goes it's time to
say goodbye to your cousin he's going
down for night-night oh that's so sweet
Ken's like I'm done get me out of here I
like your shirt though is that
spider-man is that spider-man right
there whoop Ellie thought it would be a
really cute idea to have a fun snack
dessert treat for the kids while they
have the babysitter with them and all I
just have to say it already looks
freaking amazing look at all this
popcorn where we make them oh I see how
the babysitter makes it's just really
simple but then I thought I really just
I'll just make it have it ready yeah you
just so good decor an M&M Ahom holding
life you don't like 94 get the candy
corn Eminem's right but it's just like
caramel drizzle
yeah and rolla's boo roll-ups
i freaking love Rollo's and I did this
brown sugar so I helped so I did the
butter I'm melting this - there we go
yes my tongue I'm an idiot
this smells and tastes disgusting Ellie
that's boiling caramel well it's a
mixture it's butter and brown sugar crap
how's your tongue okay huh
my way it's okay to alter a recipe le
but I do have one piece of advice for
you then I want to know guys to take
with you for the rest of your lives okay
don't lick boiling caramel and not a
good idea okay guys I'm like more mad
that doesn't taste good well let's let's
heat that up a lot first let's see okay
sorry I'm doing sorry you liked a boy
only thing a caramel I think I have room
to say a few words here and there
okay each kid has a little bowl of
popcorn for after dinner and then
there's a big one for the babysitter or
they can all share but I wanted the kids
to have their own while they maybe watch
a show at bedtime and then that is it
looks good and then I grab those little
balls so we can hurt you just knock all
the kids on out everywhere gern I have
lived it's been a month before move-in
date that I am packed and we are like
eating off of paper plates because I'm
so excited we are taking clothes out of
our boxes to wear because everything's
better every time three times every time
and we have up two and a half weeks left
they say and I haven't even started
and even though I'm excited it just
still does not seem real and I'm like I
feel I should check back well I think
what it is is it's it's not that we're
not excited for everybody it's just like
every other place that we move we've had
a destination that was already ready
yeah we're like the house is still and
it doesn't feel like it's done yeah well
it's not done yet obviously but it's
just weird that like we're packing up to
move to a place that isn't finished yet
and so maybe that's why I haven't
started as I'm just like I don't know if
this is real with us walking through
today I'm like okay they're like paint
they're getting ready to paint Monday so
that's gonna be huge
I should probably start packing like
I'm so excited to pack my office and set
my office up like I love that stuff I
love like organizing up my home you know
we were on our way to art day and I feel
really good
both kids we're taking a really good
night when I left and I told Jackson
when he woke up that his friend was
going to be there to watch him and play
and he went down the bestie house all
week I think he was exciting like okay
if I take a nap
I'll get it place my friend when I wake
up so we are all ready I've got my bed
son we are seriously all ready for our
game we got you stuffed and got a drink
you are decked out and like a really
cute like really nice outfit I'm like
I'm gonna be why you colors bleep BYU I
believe blue straight through and
through yeah this is a fun game BYU
versus Utah football game bitches it's
like one of the biggest rivalries in the
nation it's huge
our friend Ashley Ann Thomas invited us
were just really excited to meet up with
them town is decked out in red like to
look all those people shared is worried
that he's gonna get beat up we're in the
BYU section right could you imagine
sitting front row in a sea of red yeah
we just won't make eye contact I'm
actually almost bought red hats just to
mess with you guys you know we will be
friends at the end of this look at
everyone look
hey you guys are brave
all right there on the six yard line if
they score right here it's going to go
crazy
Oh
sorry
well we made a home safe from the game
unfortunately be why you lost little
seconds left you should have kicked and
gone into overtime Thank You Ashley and
Thomas for taking us with you thank you
if front-row seats it was amazing we had
a blast thank you guys so much for
watching we hope you have a wonderful
night and I hope you've had a wonderful
weekend and we'll see you guys tomorrow
thanks for watching
