you want all of them you only did enough
chores for one of them now he picked up
all of his toys all his toys in the
closet and if you wanted the quarters
that were up here how many do you have
let me see can you count them how many
is there one two three one two three
cool okay the more you do the more you
can get I see good we are going on a
little adventure today we are going to
the library we are going to storytime
Jarrod's taking Calvin to a little
appointment so we're gonna go to
storytime the library and we are feeling
very fault today I think Jackson looks
really cute
I am trying something new do you like my
choker
yeah the library we are so excited and
I've been wanting to do this for a while
I just we just have it we've just been
busy and we just haven't so I'm excited
to take him to go to story time
kids are so funny we went to the library
because I said we're going on an
adventure
and what's an adventure computers um he
said nein adventure
I said what's an adventure that he said
toy
so they didn't quite satisfy his invent
share but he's toys or adventures so
we're gonna go to a park too huh no he's
gonna hug you I thought he was gonna run
to him yeah I know you shadow me go to a
parking booth but I wanted to dress up
today just yeah I thought they were
gonna like hug each other how do we is
it like holding on by his neck well it
was really they were loving it you were
loving it for a minute just for about 10
seconds okay well guys it looks like I'm
in a bit of a situation here this door
is locked you see what happened Ellie
took the kids home from after the park
and I went and ran a few errands and
this door is locked the front door is
locked so I can safely assume that the
kids and Ellie are inside taking a nap
locked you see this wouldn't be much of
a problem if I had a house key Ellie has
the house key too
of course the only logical thing to do
is to tweet about it on Twitter so I
asked you guys what I should do I could
knock really loud I could wait it out
here in the garage
I could go run an errand kill some time
or I could tweet more about it
surprisingly a lot of you guys want me
to knock really loudly so I have to ask
do you guys have kids or do you like
toying with my life because that's how
my life ends I knock really allowed my
life ends you don't wake sleeping babies
guys so I think I know one thing I can
do
well it's no dr. pepper but I think this
will do for now I think I'm just gonna
wait it out wait
so both kids we're taking it up so I
laid down with Jackson and I woke up I
looked at my phone and Jared goes L am
locked out I always lock our doors
especially the garage door because out
there is Jared out so he's like um went
to the gas station I'll be back and that
was like 30 minutes ago I locked him out
yeah we find uploading your video like
don't don't be comfortable at Ian J's
video we ain't gonna take the family
picture to the framing guy because they
are gonna make a frame for Aranda from
over a fireplace that's give me some
pretty I'm so excited so we got a prince
in Jackson I went yesterday we got a
princess while we were there
Jackson left something at the store and
he asked me about he's like where'd it
go look what we lost but we met we found
it they kept it safe for you he's like
what what do you say to dad think you
know let me punch your gut that's gonna
say yeah so old I just didn't think
that it would be wrong I think it's
under glass and stuff you ready okay
don't touch the side yeah she was such a
good job my friend she does it took it
thank you not let's do B of our
fireplace for 30 years okay cool I'll
get it to the frame were fighting today
okay sure but it's not that you can't
touch it yep I'm really moved yeah I
think we're gonna not do the matting do
the larger picture because if you do the
matting we have to do the glass and we
don't want to reflect it so this is
gonna be our frame we chose and I think
it is so beautiful family picture almost
done dinner is a little rough I want you
out of the kitchen Calvin I can't I
cannot keep you from not getting on the
we don't get on the table as naughty he
finds every way to climb the table so
I'm gonna push these away so if you at
least he'll can sit on them that way you
can't get to the table so dinner is
almost ready and Jackson's gonna help me
make a like milk shake it's like an
Apple caramel milkshake put that in here
slowly oh good job of course ice cream
because ice cream and dinner go
hand-in-hand
okay portal and make it there we go keep
part in here perfect and let's do the
car watch it okay don't push anything
yet Calvin come here you can help grab
on okay push that down tight can you
hold this for me put your hand right
here okay think we something like
okay Paul is it time for me
okay Cal can you put the Apple in there
pick it up put that in there Calvin can
you try one hold it like haven't try
good job okay one more time and now let
Jackson do it good Chuck yeah can you
put these at the rest in there if the
kids eat their dinner they can have a
really really yummy milkshake which so
far they're doing okay we have stuffed
bell peppers that look like little
Halloween pumpkins I thought that was so
cute I saw that on Pinterest and like
yeah if I can make food that looks cute
would eat it I will do that Calvin is
eating a pretty well half of its on the
floor Jackson still on your bum no you
need to take you need to take several
more bites yep you're working on it take
a few more bites you're working on it
dad has finished a massive massive work
week and the one thing that he wanted to
do is go fishing this afternoon so we've
got all our gear we're in a new spot and
we're gonna go fishing you ready I'm
ready
maybe we'll actually catch one this time
well that was extremely frustrating in
all my years of fishing I have never had
this bad luck how many times have we
gone three four times and we only caught
like to fish when we went with me and
Ryan right ever since then we haven't
caught anything so you know what I'm
gonna try next time no I'm gonna try
fishing left-handed I swear sometimes
like parenting it's really hard not to
laugh when you're like in the middle of
disappointing them because they're so
cute
I just got after Jackson because he
caught a bed and I had already already
told him to get in bed so I caught after
him a little bit and as I was walking
out he had a spider man in his hand and
he goes spider-man I said just was like
like it was so funny but I just was
quiet and left the room like smiling
ear-to-ear because I thought it was so
cute I am finishing editing up my
chicken parmesan video which is going to
go up tomorrow and Jared should be home
any minute from fishing and we can enjoy
the rest of our Friday night and watch a
show and have some ice cream and our
Friday night is consisting of fixing up
our home when do we let Jared how much
can we move yet there's water all over
the floor the dish the dishwasher is
exploded the sink exploded this is all
sopping wet but I'm gonna fix it okay
okay I know that's so gross like I'm
just like maybe if you turn on the
disposal and at this side like goes
crazy there's no move that and put the
water in that one yeah we'll see
usually this like goes crazy with food
go Oh
maybe you fixed it this is a fix-it
Felix Felix fix-it Felix jr. I mean like
look at this oh the bottom you know the
bottom is just stopping like this is
disgusting in which fog how do you even
drain that like I think I know I think
no I think now that this is fixed we'll
just start it again and it'll cycle out
and then we'll wash the dishes again
well if all of that water gets on the
floor I'm just maybe we're not ready for
a house scratch the move Oh many many
many towels later the kitchen is all
clean and fresh and it's smelling good
and I fix the sink I think we'll see
tomorrow for sure but the dishwasher is
all cleaned out and everything - so we
are good to go I had such an awesome
time fishing with my dad even though we
didn't catch anything I think like the
most important thing about that is just
being together with my dad hanging out
and doing something with him and we were
talking and it's something that he never
really did with his dad he didn't get to
hang out with his dad like I am with my
dad and I'm so grateful that we get that
opportunity it's just cool that my dad
lives here now and you know he gets to
do that with his son and I get to do
that with my dad and I am so grateful
for that so thank you guys so much for
watching I hope you have a wonderful day
and we'll see you guys tomorrow bye oh
it's the freakin weekend baby I'm about
to hammer some bull
