and go
good morning fist bump
how's it going dad good good good good
to see you I want you to make sure that
mommy behaves herself while you go with
her okay I'm serious
you've been out of line lately and you
need some control okay buddy can you do
that for me yeah okay okay you go have
fun with Jackson I'm gonna take Calvin
and we're gonna go and look at the new
house I've got to talk to the finishing
guy about my desk I'm so excited about
it
so before I head over to the house I'm
in my dad's office and I'm looking at my
dad's office as an example of what not
to do I'm totally kidding ha ha ha ha
no no it's it's really joke but I'm
measuring the distance from here to the
wall for the chair because I don't want
to I have cabins behind me I don't want
to like lean back into the cabin so I
want to make sure I have enough space
between my desk in the wall and also how
much space is right here like how much a
usable space my desk that I have the
iMac on right now is perfect my PC I
wish I have a little bit more space I
think my arms on the keyboard my
forearms hit the the edge of the desk
and that kind of bothers me a little bit
so if I can just think he said just a
little bit I think that'll be perfect
holy driveway Batman look at the size of
this well look at what they just laid
down yesterday isn't this amazing and
you can already walk on it like this is
beautiful beautiful beautiful beautiful
beautiful and they're already working on
the stairs too I'll probably pour this
today or something then we'll be all set
my goodness gracious
we have a house we're getting a house
here are you ready to see this I am BAM
boom look at that this is so much desk
real estate and I love it we measured
this distance here and it's actually
even bigger than my dad house so what
we're gonna do is we're gonna add a
couple inches here
and we're gonna add a couple inches here
and add a couple inches here and that's
gonna give me a bigger space
I don't want I want to make sure I have
enough room for my monitor keyboard and
then all the PC stuff over there but I
just I'm so thrilled and this is just
like the base they just like it let's
just make it up real quick they've got
to put like all of the actual wood on
top it's gonna look really nice and
really great and they actually drew up
like the grain pattern that we're gonna
have so you'll see that the different
grains are running through and kind of
broken up a little bit so I'm pretty
excited about that what you say Jackson
you came back
Jackson should we go look at your
handprint where's your handprint let's
go look oh yeah it's Calvin yeah that's
your hand can you put your hand on it
good little like I know this we claw
marks I think they're perfect I honestly
think they're perfect I think he looks
so big today you look like a
five-year-old
it looks good have you shown any of this
yeah our mudroom is coming together I
love how wide the benches doesn't open
up to a little individual these for the
kids it looks awesome
I still am in love with this this room
is gonna be like my favorite room the
laundry room
I think you're kind of cute
no yes no no no no enough no no no no no
no no no no no no that was a full hour
of yes-or-no questions I just got off
the phone with a life insurance people
so I can get life insurer Jarrod you are
life insured I am next to be life
insured we should have done this seven
years ago and we got married but we now
have life insurance and we have a couple
other adult duty things that need to be
done high five for adulting I thought
that that was a snake oh my gosh I
totally thought that was a snake from
far away some sort of paper plate or
something I don't know that's not a
snake thank goodness okay grab your bike
let's go over this way while Calvin is
sleeping I was wondering probably be a
good idea if I went over to the store
and got our family photo printed yes
should I do that
yeah then you take it to the framer guys
soon yeah maybe then today should I take
Jackson with me or do you want to have
him keep playing outside
Calvin should wake up in like two
seconds maybe we'll wait like and we'll
all go together
yeah it'll be a family affair let us go
get our picture well Calvin is just a
little sleep machine so Jackson and I
took it upon ourselves to go do it by
ourselves and we are number one aren't
we high-five
I want I think we're gonna make it a
goal to sit in every single chair office
chair here and test him out because I
need to find a chair for my office I
have one in mind but I want to try them
all out
my mom got one here she loves it so
should we go look at it and said sure
thanks bud sure you go look at that it's
an office chairs he's already ahead of
me let's do it
I only have the call of the birds there
you see him
there they are q CU KCU they're wild
birds
so we're going on a little family walk
because we're going to study for our
painting a picture one of the things
that artist said is look out around in
your neighborhood and see if you find
the scenery that you really really like
so yeah
that's gonna have the most meaning to us
is where we actually are so we're on
this trail that sits up a little bit
higher I'm like what good dinosaur Kevin
so we're up on the hillside trying to
get a view of the beautiful valley so
we're just looking around here to see
what we can get for an ideas for
painting good I won't be so scared all
the time
so we're lugging the kids on this little
walk I was like you know it'd be really
cool to get like a really cool Vantage
plays use the drone and just fly up and
then turn around and see the whole
valley good done that that seems like a
much better idea
walking family time right mmm either we
are all ready for dinner and we are
hungry or these just taste amazing
chairs parents always have these
pretzels filled with peanut butter we
like them but Jenna just brought home
we're starving around here I have in the
crock-pot that's been cooking like all
day I don't know if it's ready but it
smells really good you know if we can't
eat crazy bread all the time but oh it's
not quite ready the potatoes are not
soft oh but it looks so good
hopefully it'll be ready maybe here I'm
like 30 40 minutes Oh kids can I can
wait that long because I need more
pretzels dinner is done and my mind is
fried um
we are eating this tonight we have some
ice cream that we're gonna share and the
kids a soup is done but I'm just putting
in the freezer to cool off for just a
second and then I need to scoop up Jared
nice this seriously is so yummy this is
the first time I've made it there's like
brah meat and you can just see what's in
it is not chalky we came home from our
walk and what you think you're gonna
play video game who are we watching
who's this the TV's been on like all day
who is this right Missy
oh hi brain and Missy brains mom and
sister at their house right now and I
saw a picture Michael I wish I was there
to say hi hi guys hi
Brian's mom and sister okay should we
all eat thank you thank you
hit a bucket full of books thank you
well guys it is nearly midnight and I
feel so bad Jackson was just crying and
crying and his nose was so stuffy
so Ellie's upstairs with him getting him
back to bed but he's such a good little
guy I love the guy and late night
cuddles I like I feel bad for the kid
but they're the best
I love late-night cuddles from kids so
we're gonna go ahead and call it a night
thank you guys so much for watching I
hope you guys have a wonderful day it's
Friday for you happy weekend and we'll
see you guys tomorrow
thanks for watching
