where should we go uh no big jerk yeah
careful those like phone tag
you just went right into the wall dude
well that was really weird so we got our
very first bill from the house it's like
we're excited because it's our first
bill but the new house it's like 10
bucks it's a water bill and I just
called the company to pay it it was 10
bucks and she's like ok that's an extra
$3 to pay over the phone I was like to
call a pair were the phone and she's
like yeah you can either set up with
like a direct take out or send in a
check and I was like okay and I needed
to get it paid because it's due and I
have other things so I paid it but I'll
set up it to be automatic when we move
but I was like three dollars like that's
just weird I've never had that before
like I like to pay my bill I always call
and pay it because I just like hearing
the confirmation or in hearing that it
got actually done I'm kinda weird that
way but I just thought that was really
weird
three dollars just because I called over
the phone to pay it must year the Apple
Keynote is on and Jared has his routine
he's always done this since we got
married he gets his Little Caesars Pizza
and a drink and
there was one year you couldn't it was
your last job I think you had a specific
meeting that you had to go to and it was
right before I went to work and I was
texting all morning updates and he's
like you're the hottest wife I was I was
like so proud I was like my wife is
watching this for me and like giving me
updates and I think is the cutest thing
ever
well so and I was thinking about this I
was like you guys are probably rolling
your eyes so hard right now but even
before even before we were married like
my brother Ryan and I we would watch
like this is before they like with live
streaming we would watch the live blog
updates so I'm really excited
we'd watch like the live blog updates
and like we couldn't even watch it and
then it would come out later and then
we'd stay up late and we'd watch it and
we'd have to like buffer the stream and
everything like well just it's like
tradition for me and I'm sorry
it's business too like it really is it's
like we use
Mac Apple products present editing in
our storage stuff though this is fun
business-wise Emma it's fun for a hobby
wise for you I I'm I love technology I
was such as Napoleon Dynamite nerd like
I was introduced to the company thread
up several months ago when I was with
Julie and Julie was wearing the cutest
Michael Kors sure and I had asked where
she had got it so she had told me about
thredUP several months past and I am
extremely flattered when a company wants
me to work for them and a company
specifically that I really like or
something that I've been very interested
in and thread up emailed us and asked if
I wanted to work with them and I said
absolutely I want that Michael Kors
shirt thread up is a secondhand
consignment store that has high quality
brands like Lululemon I'm Petunia Pickle
Bottom Michael Kors a coach they have a
lot of high quality clothes that are up
to 90 percent off so when I was ordering
from my box I had something very
specific in mind um I know I saw that
they had Petunia Pickle bottoms and I
thought I do not need one more diaper
bag even though I love Petunia Pickle
Bottom diaper bags but I really wanted a
purse or a clutch because I don't really
have any I've gotten rid of a lot of
them because over the last few years
I've just been doing diaper bags or my
book bag so Jared actually went online
for me and he's like I'm gonna choose
your wallet and then I chose the clothes
for me read up comes in a really cute
coconut box and I already opened it but
I have not looked at the clothes so
comes in a really cute box at your door
and all of the packaging whoo Thank You
Calvin for ripping that all the
packaging comes nicely wrapped looking
on the website I noticed a lot of their
clothes were brand new but still at a
discount and this is the generation left
sweater that I got it was originally 152
bucks and I got it for $39 and I have
not looked at the kolache I'm really
excited I even got a few clothes for the
kids I got some old navy and they have
gap and then this is a Tucker and it was
like $21 and I got it for 10 Jared and I
have a date on Saturday
and I'm getting my hair done today for
it and I wanted to specifically have a
cute little wallet and not have to carry
like diaper bags and stuff and this is
the little clutch that Jared picked up
erfect for my phone and a few cards and
a lipstick so I'd be really cute
hopefully the weather is cooled off
because we're going to a football game
and if so I can wear this sweater with
my little clutch I think that would be
cute there are any clothes that you guys
have that you want to go through your
closet and do junk or whatnot you can
order a thread up clean-out bag that
comes to your door you can consult their
website to see what items they do and
don't take and how much you could get
for them you guys know that I get
overwhelmed in stores and I do most of
my shopping online I really like their
website because you can easily navigate
through it and you're not overwhelmed
looking at racks at a store if you guys
are looking for a nice quality piece for
your closet check out the link down
below I will have a 40% off coupon for
your first order
I like the website because it'll tell
you if the item is new if it's lightly
used or if it's used so it's really easy
to figure out what will work for you
when looking at the website call that
took forever I could not navigate here I
couldn't figure it out I totally forgot
where it was been taking Jackson to a
very fun park
Jackson honey come here Tamir are to get
the park is over with I cannot believe
that oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh it
is full okay come here hold my hand no
look okay I know but you pooped hold my
hand so Jackson I would say is fully
potty-trained as far as he goes poop has
been a whole another story and we may
need to leave because you've had an
accident okay well the Apple Keynote is
over and they announced a bunch of new
things like the Apple ear err ear pods
ear buds the dog ear pods Apple watch
series - iPhone 7 iPhone 7 plus Mario
I like these events because it's just
fun and exciting because they're new you
know whether we get any of these things
I don't know they're just it's fun to
think and talk about and do all of that
site kind of stuff I think a lot of
people are gonna be disappointed like
Jackson about the whole the the
headphone jack but we're living in a
wireless world now are we huh
so I'd love to hear what your thoughts
are on what don't you think about the
new Apple watch with all the new water
resistance the GPS I think the camera on
the iPhone 7 plus is freaking cool I
think that's so awesome but there's a
lot to go over so what do you guys think
let me know in the comments down below
what you guys thought of the whole thing
I brought boys inside time is over it is
time for outside time so Calvin get your
pants on get your shoes on because we're
going outside and we're going on an
adventure where should we go
uh no big yeah right into the wall dude
oh my gosh that is an adventure okay
we're going on an adventure running the
walls without our pants on
okay buddy we're back at the park now
you can play here under one condition do
you know what that condition is you do
no poop explosions and you can play here
as long as you want okay don't have fun
bye Kevin I enjoyed my soda and cookie
to myself and I'm getting my hair done
I'm going to be a little blonder she did
some baby highlights so just a really
thin baby leaf on the top and then
throughout it took three to be a pretty
Beach blonde babe
we've lived in this complex for like my
gosh almost a year and a half two years
how long have we lived here I can t
remember anyway we've been to this
pavilion but I've never even like
thought to get a soda pop here like if
I've ever had a Dr Pepper anything so
we're gonna try it out Jackson just do
you see daddy's drink where's daddy's
drink what is that that's right that's
daddy's drink don't you forget it
I didn't even know it that's so we're
gonna try and get one Oh finally okay
push the button push it oh push hard you
gotta push real hard ah what is it can
you get it did you hear that what do you
see in there what is that money do you
want it okay if you help me with Kelvin
I'll give you that I am a blondie I am
you suckers for the boys because I can't
go home to my voice without getting them
a little snack so got some stickers and
this mama is done pampering and now I'm
gonna go home and make dinner and I
really fun dinner planned find out
puppets show them to me show me your
finger puppets you like your finger
puppets I can't even remember what
that's from baingan look at him he's
dancin or that dinner is almost ready I
have my potatoes and tomatoes already
cooked for a little bit and now I'm
going to add the green beans so I'm
gonna add my green beans over and then I
marinated some chicken this morning in
balsamic vinegar um some thyme rosemary
and red pepper flakes and honey and I
have realized over the last year time is
one of my favorite seasonings I think it
tastes really well so I'm going to put
that over a DES I found this recipe on
the internet this week so I'm excited to
try it out and see how my family likes
it Monica
already looks so yummy and there we have
dinner ready that looks so good and I
have some rice going to this is kind of
a mature taste for the kids 50 Cal
Calvin keeps grabbing his son maybe a
little bit too much seasoning for the
kids but like the tomatoes like you just
like pop in half like oh my gosh this is
really good it is really good there's a
very much hurt taste though so what do
you think of my hair I look curly but
what I think yeah but I like the blonde
yes it was a lot more blonder and then
she just weaved it really thin on the
top so it wasn't like harsh will you
spawned all the way down yeah I think it
looks really good Ali I'm really happy
with it what is this you know it I need
to do more conditioning treatments
that's for sure that smells like cotton
can know whatever that you didn't think
I'm think I did dinner with 1/8 it was
good that was a really good recipe and
it covers like all the bases - thanks
the kids are in bed and I sent Ellie
over to Bonnie's house so they could
finish off the bachelor in paradise and
they're having a good time right now so
before we end the vlog I want to let you
guys know tomorrow is going to be insane
Ellie took some pictures of the house
and it is crazy and I think we're gonna
go by tomorrow and just check everything
out and update you guys on what we've
got going on so make sure you guys are
subscribed to our channel just hit that
red button in the corner so you guys see
everything that's going on thank you for
watching thank you for being a part of
our daily life we hope you guys have a
wonderful weekend we'll see you tomorrow
bye
