we just passed a fire truck on the way
home what does the fire truck say
good morning guys today is Monday and a
fresh start to the week I am already
grocery shopping I'm a little sad I
don't have my buddy with me usually I
have Jackson and he has his little cart
and comes in healthy but I had a lot of
like because I'm doing some new recipes
this week so I have a lot of like
detailed things I need to get and I just
knew it would take me a lot longer we
have a lot of house stuff today so he's
home and I'm grocery shopping a lot of
you guys on Twitter have asked how I do
my meal planning and I'm not like way
good at it but what I usually do is I at
least have like four dinners and then
those dinners turn into lunches for
leftovers and then my breakfast items I
usually just just do whatever like we
usually do pancakes
eggs toast cereal so I don't really plan
breakfast and lunches right for sure
planned dinners
there's our mixer today at noon we can
go to the house and put our handprints
in the driveway it's ten o'clock right
now and they are just pulled up and
they're getting ready to do the driveway
and so I just called Jared I'm like
there are they're gonna do is I think is
gonna come by with a drone and I'm gonna
go pick him up they're doing it let's go
watch this is so freaking cool what are
they doing to our house is our driveway
that's our driveway
oh wow looks so good
they're cleaning the machine and smooth
and our site our driveway
we're going to put our handprints in it
today the siding should be all done on
Thursday the driveway done today and the
inside they're just getting ready to do
the fireplace and mantle so I just
answered a few questions for them so a
lot is going on this week it's turning
into a home so fun and also today we
have a meeting with a landscape or two
we have a few questions for him can you
catch mommy Jackson good catch such a
good helper are you gonna slide down
okay give it a try yeah it's kind of
like a dirt slide
you get a little wedgie there too yeah
well I just got done talking to the
appraiser he's coming today hmm
I have a meeting with the landscaper and
getting ready to put our hands in the
cement are you excited I feel like I
want to film more here like I feel like
I don't want to regret like not filming
I just I just don't feel everything yeah
I just you just never want to forget
each stays that we're going through this
is just so fun that he's like sliding
down this yeah you're excited too do you
like our yard as it is should we not get
grass you just want to keep the dirt
forever when we pulled up and all the
workers were eating lunch and we were
getting ready for our hands in the
cement and they said oh just about 15
more minutes and I was told in Jackson
Tara Akkad in the garage and he did
something I don't know what what was it
but he said sorry mama
and all the workers were like oh what a
good boy huh are you being a good
example for your little brother Cal Cal
huh yep being a good example of playing
in the dirt huh
what are those Thanks who's you that is
a big train track he keeps telling me
that he's working we're there any in
your pot yet there's one in his pocket
and you keep saying I'm working on and
you go and you work huh
are you building this house yeah that's
a can and really is our hand really okay
let's go outside I think they're ready
for us
I'm like more nervous than I should be
thanking always they can always fix it
yeah so you use your right hand this is
this is a monumental thing this is can
you get back there I've never done this
before I don't think have we did we ever
do it at our house I don't know okay
steady oh wow
too hard keep doing no keep doing it
you got to push down in there push your
fingers that's what we're gonna do
Jackson okay okay oh it go hard yep you
have to hold it really still okay ready
okay oh that looks so good looks good
okay it's hard it's a lot harder than
you think huh
yeah just put your fingers in like that
did you just ruin the cement good oh my
gosh hey Ellie that looks so good hey
Jackson let me watch it Jackson your
turn
after mommy washes her hands are you
nervous are you excited are you ready
what are your emotions tell me right now
all right Jackson are you ready you're
gonna put your hand right Nixon mom
lives at Calvin's watch it okay nope see
Jackson let Daddy help you okay now hold
still and daddy's gonna push it
ready wow that looks good green cloud
looks so good
your turn okay here you go why - I love
that little laughs you're doing it yay
good job okay yeah look how cute that is
take a little bear claw
we've got Wolverine and bear man look at
he's so proud of himself did you see
that
he was good hahaha got two that's so
awesome cake should we do the surprise
now so we ordered some branding tools
and we have a little circle you got one
two and we're gonna put something
special on this event
ready what what have you so bad if it
broke yeah there we go
okay go ahead and do the e yeah that's
good hey can you come search on the top
Jackson yeah on the top push hard push
hard good job can't let go it was pretty
cool we didn't do so okay it's great
watch daddy do hit
my goodness does this mean it's
officially ours yeah I listen to man
oh that looks so good oh my goodness
Jared that looks good oh there's no gas
no good hold it okay so this is it is
our family and like there's enough for a
lot more two four five six seven eight
nine ten we can at least have 11 kids
and that would be good that looks so
awesome I love the little bear cub
I know cute okay now we have to dress
something very important and very
serious dad
just ruined our driveway contaminated it
destroyed it can't believe you would do
this I just tossed out my gum and it
made a big bounce and a big bounce right
onto the driveway right there you ruined
it dad I'm so sorry oh I'm so sorry
well Ellie some of your dad's items so
I'm sure he thought you never I would
never never would I ever think you've
ruined anything of his dad's it was
always my thing but I have some good
news and I have some bad news the good
news is hens turned out awesome the bad
news is my dad spit his gum and it
landed on the cement
you want it left or you want well I
don't know maybe you know Han Solo in
carbonite maybe you could do something
like that with my dad we can fix this
awesome cool thanks man oh there it is
dad you want it back
oh the Sun was in your eye okay I think
the sun's gone you can take the blanket
off take it off but see how our dear you
are very going on a drive yeah yeah with
us cut hi grandma grandpa we are going
down to look at an art place yeah mom
and dad found this art artist and he
does some really great stuff so we're
gonna go look at some of his work and
see he'll do stuff for us maybe
okay go down the speed rocket you might
whoa that was fast
okay God pull over to pee I'm sure you
guys have done this once or twice yes
that's so funny
in fact I'm pretty sure we have several
Seraphim picture I know it's cute it's
cute ESPN good job we just passed a fire
truck on the way home
what does the fire truck say really oh
my hair look it looks like 10 times
darker and really really gray see I put
a treatment on my hair because I'm
getting it colored tomorrow
I had it colored in months and months
what it is it's just coconut oil before
I get my hair colored or when I dry I'll
put coconut oil on it or just my regular
conditioner on it and sleep in it it's
much more hydrated looks very slick and
sleek Thanks
I think I'm gonna just however do some
highlights what did you think of the
artist today I really liked his work he
like explained some things and like it
made me fly really like wow like there's
so much into it and it's so meaningful
and it makes me want to pick and choose
something that's like has a lot of
meaning to us so I'm pretty excited to
look through and find something for our
house thank you guys so much for
watching I'm really excited for tomorrow
Alpo keynote for Jared Jax and I going
on a nice walk getting ready for our day
on Saturday ok we'll see you guys
tomorrow don't bite it my good bye
