you know that Ellie is having a chill
day when she is saying I'm not even
gonna make the bed because every morning
I'm like I make the bed at night get
ready and I brush my teeth and last
night was insane a nice I very rarely
get intense headaches but last night I
had the worst headache all through the
night I kept waking out with my head
throbbing and it hurts this morning and
I was so like flustered and like
stressed and overwhelmed my head hurt
that like I was like watching move it
Jared I picked my lashes off I know that
so that I should not do that but they
like look scary it was really scary and
but I was supposed to get him done this
week but my purpose of having my lashes
done was to help him through the summer
because I just wanted to be able to get
ready really fast even though I didn't
wear makeup lose my eyelashes were on so
I'm wondering if I'm not even going to
have her lashes on anymore because I was
just going to have them for the summer I
loved having them loved having I feel
like I always looked ready I feel like I
looked good but I don't always need to
wear them and I kind of want to get my
little lashes a break because my
original lashes are probably gonna be a
little scary for a second until they
recover recoup so I had every intention
of showering this morning and getting
ready but I think instead I'm going to
take a nice bath because my head is just
hurting I think a shower plate would
make it feel better
good morning guys today I'm going to try
and do Jackson's hair I've tried it
before I'm not the greatest at doing
Jackson's hair okay Ellie usually will
come and be like oh you did this hair
like yeah what's wrong with it
she's like well everything is wrong with
that I know Jared like you're thinking
to yourself
Jerri you have amazing hair how come you
can't do kid Jackson's hair I don't know
we're gonna try it Ellie's drying her
hair right now we've got a timeline or a
deadline that we've got to get to okay
Jackson are you ready to get your hair
done by Dad okay let's go try it I need
your help though okay you got to help me
cuz I need all the support I can get
come on let's go in the bathroom okay oh
the water in my hands we're just gonna
do this a little bit
get that going let's use our little
handy dandy comb and brush and brush and
smooth and sweep a brush oh man you've
got a Mane that can't be tamed what are
we gonna do oh sorry I was trying to
pick something out of your hair
do you know why I'm having a hard time
it's because I'm trying to do this
one-handed
it's the comb okay now let's put a
little gel just a tiny little bit of
styling gel blow stuff rub right hands
together and smoosh it and swoosh it
look up
are you all done right now it doesn't
look so good I don't know we're gonna
okay I think the phones really would be
proud okay are you all done hey give it
a close wait real quick what do you
think of Jackson's hair does it look
okay
did I pass yeah looks good awesome how
do you look today
Jackson I look good
do you look good
well we've gathered up the whole entire
family and we've driven to Grandma's
stomping grounds grandma greats stomping
grounds and they have a parade here
today and I found out that grandma great
was what was she she was the queen of
the parade hey grandma you were the
queen of this parade is that correct yes
how long ago what year do you remember
hundred years ago well that's cool I
feel like we're sitting here with a
royalty then you know we've got the
queen of the parade here 40 or 41 oh my
gosh 1940 or 41 that's incredible so
we're all just sitting here ready to
have a good time and maybe Jackson guess
what maybe they'll even throw some candy
yeah
did you just wanna gift
survivors they just threw cheese out in
the parade shout out to dad this is our
dad used to work with Schreiber's
license treaty we show me all of your
candy look at all of this Jackson you
have more candy than you probably get on
Halloween look at all of that
that is crazy oh grandma great that's
nice that's here okay now can you give
one to Ann give aunt a hug and a kiss
goodbye
okay how about just a hug okay give her
a big kiss Jackson well I have to accent
how come you're the only one that's
muddy well what I think is I don't know
honey or Stan we walked back and the boy
looked at me like I didn't do it we
didn't get it oh that's doing okay I
think that's cute that is I think that's
good I don't think grandma wants he's
already dirty you may as well just let
him better play yeah oh my gosh Grandma
and Grandpa are gonna see this like he's
putting rocks in there
I bought Jackson two large of pants and
two small of tops what was I thinking so
we had to come down and exchange some
clothes of his and Joel was down here
Joe and seeing the yard work for dad so
jared is helping as well so I thought
that was cute the boys are spending part
of their labor day laboring on dad mom
and dad's yard we're just gonna hang out
and swing from it before I have to run
some errands Oh criminy you got it
sounds like it's coming here let me help
come down and I'll help you
we did it we got it
Yeah right you fell straight on your bum
yeah look at the size what's up Jer
leave this movie c'mere you devil dog I
don't know let me know if you know what
that movie is in the comments below
thanks bye
you're swinging in well when the girls
are away the boys will play
show me your goodies guys oh my goodness
yum yum yum we finished all of our
chores here at the house oh yeah ran to
the gas station got some goodies staying
funcle' Joel for providing us with this
delicious residence ladies and gentlemen
boys and girls you know we're gonna do
guys
we're gonna have a trick competition
here's what I want you guys to do I want
you guys all to stand on the edge and
then one at a time we're gonna go and
we're gonna do a very cool trick those
coolest trick we can do okay and then
we'll all have fun it'll be a good time
it'll be a fun trick competition okay so
we'll go youngest to oldest okay so
Jackson you go first okay go on the
center and do a cool trick whoa oh wow
that was gonna cause some serious brain
damage some Dame Ramage all right Boston
whoohoo let's give it up for Boston and
Jackson Kate Cody your turn Wow the 360
back piledriver
okay Boston let's see it Wow Jackson you
want to try it one more
whoa knee-highs got some sweet
knee-highs there whoa there it is I
almost turned off the camera
nice flip okay uncle Jaron all the way
back uncle Kieran is right there they
gonna do something on the camera yeah it
was the best trick I've ever done I
think I did 15 backflips in a row
ground control to Major Tom we are
cleared for liftoff let go did nothing
to see here folks are you singing a song
for me he is totally singing a song
right now that is a cute is my partner
you ready to go back to loaded let's
ride Jackson are you good there has been
like a few times we were at a grocery
store somewhere and like normal and
three-year-olds will not want to go or
they may start to throw a fit or whatnot
and I usually try like right then and
there to get down on my knees and look
at him and tell him like why we're doing
what we're doing or we're gonna leave we
can come back be happy it's like that's
what I just do like who's really sad to
leave his cousin he was are just really
really crying and so I did not put him
in the car until he had a smile on his
face until we solved the issue
you know I just said you know we're
gonna come back you be happy
and you had agree say you're sorry
because you yelled and you know we gave
each other a hug and a kiss and then he
got in the car now he's good do you guys
do anything different yeah that's that
would be some I'd love to hear what
other people do but I think one of the
reasons why I've done that is
I have noticed every pair is different
but things like like to see and things I
don't like to see I kind of and sad like
when I see parents walking out of a
grocery store like dragging their crying
kid sometimes you know maybe that's just
what you have to do if you can't if it
can't be solved there but a lot of times
I try and do that all just right there
like I bend down let's figure it out and
then we can go on with our day so that's
just something that how I liked it I
like to handle situations like well it's
amazing how the day can just totally
escape you we drove all the way home the
kids went to bed and Ellie and I watched
a little show but now we are getting
ready for bed so we're gonna call it a
night thank you guys so much for
watching we hope you have a wonderful
start to your brand new week hope you
have a wonderful Labor Day and we'll see
you guys tomorrow thanks for watching
please
