Jaxson where'd your pants go you look
like such a big boy doesn't he Jackson
good morning guys it is a beautiful
Sunday and we just got back from church
well Jackson when I got back from church
Ellie's been working well there's good
reasoning here Ellie is then working
with Calvin on his naps and sleep
training and stuff and so he has to go
down in a very specific time and we've
been taking the past like a week or so
to really nail it down and focus in on
that so Calvin took a nap and Ellie has
been working in the garage and I'm like
what the heck like this is something
that I was gonna do she cut up all the
cardboard boxes and put in the recycling
yeah there was a lot of boxes there and
not only that like she went through like
all of this stuff up here and organized
it it was a disaster
she even put like all of my stuff in a
bin like that was just so thoughtful of
you and you didn't have to do that like
I fully expected you to just be here at
home and like just rats do you know so
well it's gonna help us with moving in
the house I just was telling Jeremy we
bought these corner pieces for the
shower and I noticed that at the house
there was like four extra slabs of tile
for the downstairs bathroom so I want to
ask the tile guy is all that purchased
like is that ours and then that'll go to
waste art where you guys use it on a
different job hopefully Knox we bought
it or whatever is left over do they cut
off the price I don't thinks I'm
crossing my fingers I don't think so I
think cuz they buy what you need and if
there is leftover I think they I don't
know I'm very good at all I'm gonna say
if that's leftover and it is ours like
we purchased it like don't get rid of it
because I want it I'm cause like this
was like 80 bucks and so I think I'm
gonna put this in our closet in one of
the shelves so I can put like my others
makeup stuff on it it's in my head how I
want it and then the other tile all want
it just because we bought it and we can
maybe figure out something there's
always something that we can do with it
I have not the cheapest you know for
other projects around the house yeah I
just texted our tile guy and asked him
and he's like yeah where do you want me
to put it so yes there are leftover tile
and I
hate to see all those pieces go if we
fought it so he said he's gonna put it
downstairs and Jacksons are impressed so
we can pick it all up when he's done
it'll be fun if you're happy and you
know you're gonna grab the stuff your
feet if you're happy done you're gonna
get a good dinner gonna grab this stuff
your feet speaking of good dinners I'm
getting my weeks list of food ready so I
have four recipes um two of which I've
never cooked before so of my recipe
I just need go grocery shopping tomorrow
or Tuesday
sure go eat hey you're doing that's good
to have your face you didn't specify
we're brothers what did you expect was
gonna happen
oh my goodness no is that just olive oil
or something
no that's apple juice really yeah like
an apple smoked the flavors I would as
well it's hopefully to keep them moist
what a fun word that is right moist you
seen dr. Horrible's sing-along blog
yes his roommate is named moist yes if
you watch time at your mother
yes the moist is like thee there they
hate that word yeah
you sing Big Bang Theory that's moist
all righty guys turn on smellivision
Jaxson where'd your pants go you look
like such a big boy doesn't he Jackson I
guess so oh there's a hole in the ground
they tripped him up that's so funny
hey hey hammock is a place of joy and
happiness
Oh
cuddle mommy there you go I love mommy
cuddles too don't you yeah all right
Jackson here's the pitch are you ready 1
2 3 whoa that was a killer swing man ok
1 2 3 oh jeez there's a lot of power in
that swing it knocks you right over I'm
just not a very good pitcher I keep
missing him I keep missing the pitch
well
well there you go alright bend your
knees a little bit Jackson there you go
good job
okay ready one two oh oh you're you're
swinging for the fences young man one
two three oh it feels like fall well
it's here it's only 4:30 and we're like
we're tired but it feels like it feels
like six I was like oh how sweet bedtime
because it's getting dark outside and
like all tile 8:30 mmm good Jared and I
were sitting here kissing the Jackson
jumps up on the couch
Calvin Helen do you want get Jackson's
been watching Charlie and the Chocolate
Factory and he loves the show I was
telling Ellie this earlier like I never
really thought about Charlie and the
Chocolate Factory all that much I mean I
loved it as a kid but ever since Gene
Wilder passed away I've just been
thinking about it and I just I remember
how magical the show was yeah and so I'm
like anytime you want to watch it
Jackson let's put it on okay look at you
just being all cute here working on your
video is this the zucchini one yeah
awesome hey I like that you make videos
on YouTube well you know and this is the
truth Ellie and I was thinking about
this and I I haven't even said anything
to you but I was thinking it would be
fun to do a Q&A on my channel like a
different QA like different questions
that people have ever asked and do it on
my channel instead of the daily or your
town because we've done a Q&A on your
channel
you know we could do that or just like
stuff that yeah yeah yeah I saw someone
asked if we would do a podcast but maybe
like it will start with the Q&A on my
channel that'd be fun I'll post that on
my Twitter sometime when we start doing
that and you guys can submit some
questions maybe questions more about you
know deeper questions or like questions
about my interest rather than just
Ellie's interests or something I don't
know just something to think about so
yeah hey are you riding your bike he's
outside playing with a little cow you
playing with your little cow yeah can
you show me the circle Jackson show me
the circle yeah that's right show me the
square that's kind of a square show me
the triangle yeah that's the triangle
good job are you dancing in a circle I
didn't want him to like his poop is
flying out and they tell the guy in the
poop yeah
Calvin stepped in the poop and now
there's a poop trail in the bathroom but
I'm not showing it I'm not gonna okay
we're currently solving a crisis right
now figuring out the boys are clean in
the bathtub right now well keep you
updated
stay tuned for Channel 4 News well the
explosion has been contained and the
kids are clean and Jackson is getting
some last-minute writing in before you
go to bed hey do you like riding your
bicycle pretty lucky that you're riding
it inside that's not all kids get to do
that you are all cleaned and ready for
bed have you had a really good day today
whoa whoopsies have you had a good day
today what was your favorite part about
today Jackson
yeah yeah hey what did you like the most
about today did you like playing with
your cousin Anne and having dinner at
Grandma and Grandpa's house yeah you did
you ate all your corn and I was so proud
of you high five Hey oh yeah oh yeah it
was pretty hot but then we blew on and
cooled it down didn't we yeah okay
should we go up to your room yeah Ivy
we're gonna do the opposite of that bye
bye good night I love you I love you
come with me and you'll be in a world of
pure imagination lucky to see you
singing the child as long as I'm working
up healthy foods on the Internet
Ellie's been watchin this girl online
like the healthiest healthy grocery girl
and cuz I was looking at her
refrigerator tour it's like he's like
what's a my refrigerator well that's
kind of funny yeah well I wanted the
refrigerator that you like you told it
what was in your fridge and it would be
like this is what you can make that's
what I want I want a refrigerator that
can do that anyway Ellie's looking up
healthy stuff and I'm talking about
chocolate cuz I'm I love chocolate
chocolate chocolate damn my favorite
chocolate is the mint chocolate from
Foster
in Finland that's my favorite it's so
good okay we are gonna go watch Captain
America Civil War Ryan and Marie are
coming over and then we're gonna call it
a night
tomorrow's gonna be an awesome day thank
you guys so much for watching we hit 850
thousand subscribers today so before we
go we have to give a big thank you guys
thank you yeah I would love it more than
anything if we hit a million to show I
just I just commented on Twitter to this
girl she I think she has like she has a
lot she has 12,000 followers and I don't
even realize like and I was like I hope
I hope she sees it
I know that's what people seated me say
the mean I have tried to respond more to
Instagram but um it's crazy it's like I
I feel that way like yeah you kind of
get the little butter where she sees
that yeah I like her videos thank you
guys for bringing us to 850,000 friends
we are so grateful for you and we
appreciate you every single day tomorrow
is a new week we hope you have a
wonderful one and we'll see you guys
next time
