is so good god is so good wow you
thoroughly have enjoyed Jackson's ice
cream cones
how do you know you get the little spoon
let's see your spoon I put both of these
spins next to each other and of course
this is a little baby one one two
yeah you know that one's yours Jackson
and I are just having a little snack
together outside while Calvin is taking
his first nap and last night I got home
really late Bonnie and I went to the
movie the light between the oceans I did
the ugly cry like Bonnie and I both like
Oh like it was so touching I don't want
to spoil it for anyone that wants to
watch so I might just a TV but so skip
this if you want to go see it you don't
want it to be spoiled but this girl just
deals with losing two of her children
and then she ends up finding a child and
taking care of it and then they end up
finding the mom and having to get the
child back and it just it was like heart
ripping heart wrenching like just the
whole movie it was it was sweet and it
just made me want to come home and like
just like love all my children even more
than I already do just like soaked in
every every little second and I feel
like I feel personally too I really try
to make an effort every day to remember
to do that and you know I want to death
this is what I've always wanted
it's just I love my children I love
raising I love teaching them do you know
to say please first and I just I don't
know just watching the movie it was just
a really good movie so if anyone wants
to watch it I would definitely recommend
it we're just having a little snack
daddy had a little meeting this morning
I love mornings like this just chilling
no XE yeah oh yeah what what do you want
to show your friends no showing me a
tractor yeah well I've already had a fun
and adventurous day this morning I woke
up really early and met with the rock
guy to go over a couple things
do I have a picture of Buzz Lightyear
yeah oh dude where is it up here is it
upstairs yeah do you know where we're
gonna put that in the new house hmm
we're gonna put it in your playroom did
you know that is that exciting
Ida meeting with the rock I and then my
brother and I drove down we're still
toying with the idea of the hot zone so
we did a little more research I came
back and the first thing that happened
was an my little niece asked with
Jackson so I came back Jackson I came
back you know we're gonna do we're gonna
go to an and we're gonna play with your
cousin in does that sound so fun that's
called whistling Jackson can you whistle
okay whistle whistle whistle oh that's
good
give you some more
you're such a good Whistler Jackson I
think we'll practice a little bit more
though where do they go I heard her
voice can you find her can you find her
Jackson you think she's downstairs try
calling her name say where are you Oh
give her a big hug Jackson look up here
Jackson yeah there you guys are
are you guys ready to go on a
four-wheeler right let's go wait do you
guys want to go fast or slow Anne says
fast you want to go faster slow Jackson
okay let's go
we're not is this not fast enough for
you you won't go faster
are you having fun are you having fun
Jaxon's you have fun was that do you
enjoy it good and did you have fun bye
guys and they're off to go play
somewhere how cute is that I love that
we have a be a whole family I mean whole
family the whole family
we've bombarded your home you love it
Bonnie's doing haircuts
I think she's gonna cut Ryan's beard I
don't know I think he's gonna shave it
all off okay so we've got a few options
we can just trim it down here we can
trim it down this way we can trim it in
this way lots of options kids are
playing they're jumping on the off the
bricks
Cody hi righthand are we all gonna play
and run around we're kind of waiting for
dinner
well yeah Jim I just think we're having
a really good time here eating some
pizza how's yours tasting oh yeah it's
pretty good say it's pretty good to me I
I like a little crispier on the outsides
but this one's pretty good oh good yeah
it's uh that's pretty good to me
Christmas
sorry this calls for an interruption Oh
Boston what happened to your chair he
fell right over anyway back to the story
Jim so I was walking down the road and I
saw this deer in the middle of the road
and you know what it did it's a funny
story really it just stopped and stared
at me it was like a deer caught in the
headlights Oh Boston wants me to tell a
story with him well it all started when
I was about 5 years old I was 5 years
old then I had my very first Pizza Pizza
and as soon as I took a bite I was
hooked it was a magical moment for me I
loved it very much ever since then I've
had pizza every Saturday night I know
you don't believe me it sounds kind of
ridiculous well it's true uh yeah I have
my favorites pepperoni I do like a
meatlovers every once in a while cheese
is pretty okay but it's a little bit
flat in my taste so that's why I usually
go for the pepperoni and so that's just
right amount of cake it's pretty good
it's delicious
think I'm out of here that's not a very
interesting story oh it's okay I'm just
gonna say here need my pizza what are
you doing okay will it he pulled he had
this idea all himself are you gonna
slide down okay
will it shred toys real edition
thinking you want to do it again oh my
god again have you done it before
dude that's a sweet boombox you got
there ok go for it dude
no not with that that will hurt chef
look am I kidding all of this stuff is
probably gonna why is he so excited
excited he's just like jumpin I'm
watching whoa can I decide to not bathe
you tonight in the daddy you are a mess
so good god is so good wow you
thoroughly have enjoyed Jackson's ice
cream cone for his eyes
okay mr. sticky mix Dickerson we've got
to get you ready for a bath because
you're so stinky and sticky and dirty
and gross from a hard fun-filled day of
playing hey I'm not done with you hey
you're not quite as sticky or stinky but
you're ready I think one of the funniest
things about today has been getting all
of the tweets about dr. peppers
sponsored snapchat story feel like Jared
dr. pepper has a snapchat story there's
a filter or whatever it is so I was like
I've got to do this so I'm gonna put my
dr. pepper snapchat right here I thought
finally I don't know what's up everyone
Jared Culpepper here I'm a Larry Cole
Piper's nephew I'm just drinking my Dr
Pepper I can't think of a better way to
spend Saturday football Oh dr. pepper
you tell me what you think
you thought it was son but it's just
cool like college football's back BYU's
playing tonight Cullen I'm watching
Alabama right now it's just a fun day
like this is like the bit like reminds
me of college and going to the football
games and I love that feeling I just
think you're so pretty and that's not
why I pulled out the camera I'm just
looking at you I just think you're
beautiful
I'm like I like me to wash my hair so I
don't know I just I just think you're
gorgeous anyway the reason why I pulled
out the camera is because I have a
question for you I was looking through
the comments today and there was a
comment that said what do you think
about not showing the house anymore so
it's a big surprise when it's all done
would you ever consider doing that my
first reaction it was it's like no
that'd be fun in that absolutely not
because half of this is for us to today
that's why it's been so fun to film each
room design is to kinda remember the
process of how it's gone so I mean I get
we go as filming and not post it but
it's kind of nice to post it because we
have it like all together right well and
that's what I was gonna say I was like
if we do you know a lot of the stuff
that we look back on is the is the
edited footage not the original stuff we
keep all the original but for looking
back purposes it's like really nice we
filmed just for us yeah well I just
thought it was interesting it was an
interesting question should we stop like
should we stop filming the house it is a
good question so thanks for asking that
and I think there's gonna be some things
that we won't show in its entirety like
you guys are definitely gonna be
surprised when you see the house reveal
like we're gonna do like room tours and
all of that stuff so make sure you
subscribe to Ellie's channel not to my
channel and to the daily channel for all
of these things
because we're gonna be doing it on
everyone's different channels like all
the different room tours and stuff yeah
I'm excited to like I like I just got
like really amped up right now this
month and I am like is it really gonna
happen I'm very excited yeah
well and and I think we also have to
have the expectation that may go a few
days into October but yeah I'm not
worried I'm the only thing that would
stink is but you just have so many
people like scheduled so it was a really
inconvenience then like the movers were
like like the furnitures either people
were moving our stuff yeah furniture
allegories so oh well oh my gosh this is
crazy baby it is 8:30 and it is like
dark outside like look at that I
remember it being like by 9:30 10
o'clock and it was still like the pink
sky it's beautiful out here it's kind of
chilly even it's fall
yeah we're safe thirty kids are in bed
it feels amazing yeah we're like what
are we gonna do with the rest of the
night I know I'm planning I'm kidding
I'm kidding
it's a joke Ellie it's a joke I wake up
I forget we're totally gonna watch
yourself you know what show we should
watch the BYU football game guys thank
you so much for watching we're gonna go
ahead and end the vlog and say goodnight
we hope you have a wonderful weekend
Ellie's gonna find a treat milk and
cookies baby all right thanks for
watching guys we'll see you tomorrow bye
