you want me to leave you wanna go now
can you believe he says bye-bye go you
know you have a sitter
okay are you ready to go we've got a
comb and got a big hurry we've got to go
up to the house Ellie there's people
waiting for us get your shoes on Elliot
clearly you don't have I mean I love my
students what are my shoes I gotta get
my shoes on let's go well we made it to
the house and unfortunately I don't
think we're going to be doing handprints
today they're gonna do the back patio
today and pour all of that so we're
talking about how we want to do steps
how far we want to go out from the patio
and right now we're about to talk about
these front steps and how we want to
situate these guys and I think that's
gonna be cool because like this is what
you see when you first come up to the
house and the stairs are like important
so I hope we make them look good and
then we go this way so a few steps and
then a long path and then if you said
you've got to get your exercise in to
come to our house I like it the long
walk path look I did your hair today I
put your little polka dot doesn't that
look good
like the way he thinks Jared tell me
what he does that well he's just like
I'd go a little bit further down here
you know you're not gonna be walking
here but if you want to set you know
some pumpkins for Halloween
I know may I do like whiter stairs it's
fun to sit to little things we don't
think about but you know you do this
every day so it's like yeah this is what
I would I appreciate
I think the kids are really like under
the stairs oh my gosh
they love this welcome to my home hi dad
we're just answering some questions for
the finishing guy I just messaged the
tile guy there's a little mishap I don't
think it was like a crazy big deal
upstairs the main bathroom it was
supposed to be the same tile there was
supposed to be laid like in a
herringbone style so it was smaller
pieces but they didn't they just laid it
like on the master tile and I just text
them and I said you all related it's not
a big deal it was supposed to be this
way but the other way it was more
expensive to light it took more time to
lay it a certain way and I said so just
make sure not to charge me for what it
was supposed to be so I'm waiting to
hear back to see what they say cuz I
don't want them to rip it up because I
don't want them to take not much more
time to get it done and it's beautiful
it's just I I want I asked for it to be
made a certain way and they didn't so
we'll see what they say but it's pretty
nonetheless but it was supposed to be
like smaller tiles laid like this way
like herringbone style all the way
across so it's pretty though what do you
guys think do you like your little huh
Calvin you're like dusty this is gonna
be all their play area this video is
going up today the kids is play area
design so all of this we show what we're
gonna do
look at them just run you're not used to
this much running he's doing laps this
is his third lap so it's been there for
seven years and I have it not about it
oh that's cute
oh look at it on our list of things to
do today we have seven items and one of
those items was calling a piano moving
company to move our piano that they are
going to do at the end of the month
and mom said that she was I don't think
you've ever caught it I wrote something
on the back of the piano for you she
gave it to me and it's been there for 70
years and I haven't thought about it so
I'm just gonna kind of pull the piano
out and look at it growing up my whole
family took piano lessons from second
grade until they graduated Ruby
Julian Bo are like the best and then
Bonnie and I are good Ruby and Julian Bo
they can like sit down and sight read so
well versus buying a we really have to
like practice to like know what we're
doing if that makes sense
my family will probably laugh at that I
haven't played in a long time there's
several times we're all like take a
songbook and play like a little song
with the kids like if you're happy and
you know it and like just some church
songs I like to play often and with the
kids I don't really show it that much I
don't really play that much right now
but that's something I'm definitely
wanting to get back into especially when
we move o
to le with love mom and dad
2010 Oh not so cute mom and dad
purchased this piano in 1984 purchased
by Chad and Jennifer and in 2010 gave it
to our daughter Ellie Meachem so sweet
it's like a hidden message and you know
I always try not to lose this because it
came with the piano I always hold on to
it when movers move it but this is sweet
this is something that like my parents
sacrifice a lot for like my dad always
pretended that this was his boat he
would pretend playing a boat and it my
dad worked really hard and they saved
their money and they bought a piano and
then they saved and bought the baby
grand that's at their house right now
and in all the years of piano lessons it
was very expensive to put five kids
through piano lessons and it's very much
appreciated and some years go by that we
don't really play and there's gonna be
some years that will go by that we get
really into it and play my mom did that
where she started taking lessons again
when she was older to kind of get back
into and that's something that I
definitely plan on doing is something
that I will have our kids do whether
some sort of musical instruments give a
hike hey hey Jeff
hi oh I love my hugs from Adele cow guy
Jackson
taking a nap a final check hasn't taken
it out much this week II and Calvin just
woke up from line how are you I miss you
I just feel like I haven't like just
like sit down and just snuggled you for
a while it's a good thing you still like
snuggled he is such a snuggly guy give
me eggs good eggs
kisses whoa you see Chu Chu Chu Chu you
see that to me one more time I dare you
you want me to leave you wanna go now go
you know you have a sitter okay be good
for her okay are we kind of laying that
the first place that we go to on our
date is our own house the artwork and
now we're at the house we're just
filming at the house and I'm flipping
out those little stinker workers they
didn't tell me I thought they're gonna
call me and tell me they just did the
color swatches on the house for us to
choose the siding so it's the two same
colors but he did it on two different
levels so we can see Wow
I'm glad that they swatched the paint
for us because this is just what we
chose and she's like let's watch it to
make sure you like it and I don't think
we like either one of them I think the
lighter one I just don't like and the
darker one I think there's like a hint
there's purple to it it's like too much
for me I think they need to like
neutralize a little more so I'm gonna
have them come back and swatch some
other colors realize that's not what I
was thinking they would look like whoa
okay that's that's why I was like
I think they just put them in there in
there Wow
so these are the lockers or I don't like
to call backs I get confused up but so
they'll each have two doors a door up
top a door up Bob so we'll have one two
three four shelves up top and then up on
the bottom and then we'll take these out
so that this would be a nice open space
this is the laundry room floor holy cow
this is beautiful so they're gonna make
a bench right here so you can take our
shoes off first up there Wow
so Jarrod I are getting our family
picture in a frame that is going to go
right there right above the fireplace
so I am going to measure that wall and
then we are going to put a really large
picture on the staircase right there so
we found a picture today of Christ that
was very touching
that we really loved so I think we're
going to put that above the staircase
I'm excited to show you I think this is
the picture that we found that was very
touching that I want to put right there
we'll get a big one to put right there
so we'll have a big picture of Christ we
will have our family right there and
then downstairs above the piano we will
have where we got married okay Wow those
are deep I like that this is going to be
where we have our equipment cameras
lights and then under here will be lots
of filming equipment there's an outlet
there's outlets on top and the night
just because we're always charging stuff
so we can open up this and have out
let's write down pretty horse pretty
cool in Utah you can see that kinda
stuff
get a bite to eat
whatever we go on dates one of my
favorite thing to do with Ellie is to go
on walks and I like to just forget
everything like all of our worries and
stresses and all of that stuff and I
like we like to ask each other questions
we were just in swigs we're just asking
like what do you think is gonna be the
biggest change in our family dynamic
when we move into the new house and I
like thinking about questions like that
or just talking and getting each other's
thoughts and feelings out and I think
that's one of my favorite parts about
going out on dates is just forgetting
everything and just talking I was
bawling I forgot to tell you this
reminded me I want to find that footage
it was one of the very first times we
recorded mm-hmm I don't think we ever
posted it but we had hiked the mountain
yeah we were looking at the view and we
I just were graduated now what like what
is our life gonna be like where are we
gonna live what are we gonna do what is
our life gonna be and I remember
thinking like you're pulling up this
camera like what are you doing it was I
really want to like film this yeah it
was very sweet and like I hope we can
find it I hope we can find it cuz it was
fun and I would love to like when we
move in do you maybe like a flashback
and that's like sit in our back yard and
be like I wonder what our life is gonna
be like here we are like it's cooler
we've not our final destination as far
as like life it's just I think our kids
are gonna grow up overnight we're used
to being in such an enclosed area we're
like I'm cooking the kids are playing
like we're all right there I think
Jackson is going to grow up overnight
when we move he'll probably start
driving and like maybe like playing
poker in store next door what's your
favorite thing to do on dates I think
just talking I mean we talk all the time
but it's just it's a different type of
talking yeah and I like it cuz I like
thinking with you yeah I think that's
fun and it's fun to do and good to do
for a relationship it's just to get
really down deep in
conversation and really get your
thoughts out and and everything is I
think it's kind of therapeutic so I like
it I like doing therapeutic things with
my wife now let's make out and do
therapeutic things well
our date is over we had a blast but
Ellie has decided that a second date is
an order and she is gonna go on a date
who are you going on a date with other
than me I've never even ever really done
this I'm gonna give you one guess at
9:30 have a date with Bonnie to the
movies you were probably right
so yes Ellie is leaving me for another
woman it's not okay to kiss two people
one day is it have you done that on a
date or I'm not gonna lie I'm not gonna
lie I have had two dates and you kiss
them and I'm pretty sure this is my wife
okay thank you so much for watching we
hope you have a wonderful weekend do
something fun do something exciting
we're certainly gonna try and you
tomorrow thanks watching bye
