I'm back from school mom I had a really
great day at school I made a lot of
friends I enjoyed all of my teachers you
do your homework
I gotta do my homework yeah cool
the kids want to eat breakfast outside
chase I thought why not
on they both just got off but the kids
are sitting there eating or they're
sitting there waiting for me to get
their food out and they look so cute
talking to each other you're just so
cute
okay sit in your seat have a look
chitchat
you see your ABCs XE maybe side yeah
look how cute they are
just sitting there eating a sausage
corndog oh you're just gonna kick this
out of my way all right
out of my way well mom I got my backpack
I got my lunch pack I'm I'm ready to go
to school I I got my shoes on and I'm
going school yeah it's gonna be a good
day at school that's what I feel like
right now it's funny I've got my all
stuff packed up and I'm going over my
dad's house we're working on a project
today that I'm very excited about and
Ellie is taking the kids hey where are
you going I'm talking to you hey I'm
talking to you hey where were you on the
night of the 19th what were you doing
with who what where when why and how you
want your shoes on the ark I'm okay I'm
gonna go work on a project with dad you
are gonna take the kids and we're gonna
certainly do something I don't know but
they're gonna you're gonna go along for
the ride with them okay have a good day
guys I love you Calvin hey kind of a
kiss commute kiss Oh denied denied I'll
get me I'll get a kiss from Jackson I'll
get a kiss from you give me a kiss good
morning this morning I woke up and got
ready and I thought I'm gonna take the
kids to the park just trying to think of
like what I could do today cuz I kind of
wanted not take my mind off the house
but just like lately it's been a lot of
the house I was like I'm just going to
go take them to Farmington station they
have a fun park here they have some
shopping here so I'm going to put for a
few fall clothes for the kids
and let them play outside it's a great
day it's overcast it may even rain today
so kind of a fun day to like get out of
town and hit the town up the kids are
like his aunt
I think Alvin let's hear you awake oh
you are you are he just woke up
can you hurry up ma'am you're taking too
long with your crying baby you know
everybody
oh I'm sorry I sorry didn't mean to make
you cry harder I'm sorry I met up with
April and our baby is and we've just
done like letting the kids play and run
around and now we're doing some shopping
and you don't like this shopping she
likes playing better than shopping so
I'm over here at my dad's house and one
of the things that I've been working on
is our new intro and just going through
a lot of old clips and reminiscing about
things like the the birth log is a
pregnancy announcements the birthdays
just being happy as a family I'm just
overcome with joy and happiness and it's
just like I am so grateful that we are
filming every day to capture these
moments and to see all of these things
is just a huge blessing for us and I
can't wait to see if it's the same
blessing for our kids Jackson and Calvin
and throughout posterity I love this
thank you for letting us do this this is
the coolest thing intro is coming to you
guys soon don't you worry we can't go
into town without a stop at Grandma's
King up on the door ah you can hear her
mom popsicle I know I was like get in
the car grandma gave you a popsicle I
just I just read your text at your
camera on makeup all you like you say hi
grandma baby guess what Calvin I would
say Calvin has never always slept
through the night I mean he did really
good when we were in California with
Bryan and Misti when he was a baby I
remember he had slept from like like
9:00 p.m. to five and and I think
technically that might be through the
night the hours but he last night's up 7
p.m. to 7 a.m.
all night all through the night are so
proud of him so proud of you
what we just got a very special delivery
at mom and dad's house a very special
delivery indeed you guys want to see it
we got Briggs mom and dad had some
bricks delivered to their house they
borrowed some of Bonnie and Joel's old
ones borrow that I think bun angel gave
it to them it's for their area over here
and so another project that we're gonna
work on today I think today maybe this
weekend we're gonna put all of those
bricks down the line where we were
before so that'll be a lot of fun my
brother's coming in town this weekend so
we'll probably spend some time with mom
and dad doing some yard work yeah I
think that Linda no mommy's talking at
Ruby yeah not at Linda yeah Ruby sure I
like you what's Calvin doing Jackson
swinging grandmas on the phone
Calvin what are you doing you just sit
in there waiting for someone else to
give you a popsicle can I have a kiss
today summer kisses can I have wine one
kiss no can we kisses oh thank you thank
you
high voice hey I came back hi Calvin
he's just over hi yeah did you make a
mess you silly boy you know that's
against the rules you don't make messes
in our house did you have fun with mommy
today yeah hi did you go in the park oh
that's so fun did you see grandma today
yeah good Calvin did you have fun today
dance a little bit if you did nope
Calvin did not happen really not at all
Calvin did not have fun and that's
against the rules - that's a good
service to this moment that you like or
she will grab the camera but you're like
I just need to not mm-hmm I was laying
on the grass pushing Jax
felis me and Calvin just wanted me so
bad sugata
arms and laid by me me and Calvin laid
in the grass we pushed Jackson for like
5-10 minutes occasionally you just
stayed there rocked and I keep cuddled
me we pushed Jax it Ioannis it was like
in the movies where it's like this is
beautiful it was so beautiful oh that's
sweet you love to have little special
moments like that with your kid I loved
it but wait what there's more hmm
well it's nice to see you too Wow I
missed you missed you I'm back from
school mom ha ha I had a really great
day at school I made a lot of friends I
enjoyed all of my teachers you do your
homework
I gotta do my homework yeah I came back
to school hey bring your car over let's
see this can you see it yeah okay ready
I'm about to premiere the intro for my
family okay let's watch it
I love that oh wow I like it gonna do it
again do it again
did you like it Jackson I love it you
did good let's see the short one you
said you did up too so this is a short
one Oh fun it's not that much different
but you get the idea
oh I like that too that's very simple
yeah simple and quick lean yep which one
do you guys like I kind of like the
simple one cuz it's just like but it's
always fun to see the backlash my
memories so rumor has it that they're
going to be pouring some cement tomorrow
our property and so we want to practice
something to leave our mark on the house
right guys oh yeah don't eat this mint
that's not a good idea we got some
play-doh is it concrete as a snack we
don't know the difference at this point
we have play-doh and we're gonna
practice getting the kids hands in the
play-doh for when we do it in the cement
tomorrow or we hey Jackson your first
deal okay I don't think we'll have this
problem at the at the house hey Jax okay
this is what we're going to do at the
house so I want to practice that mommy
kind of guide your hand let me see your
fingers we're gonna put it like this and
push our hands in ooh there you go
there's your hand Jackson like that we
try it again
do you see your handprint okay hold your
hand real still now hold it real still
good look there it is hey Cal good job
okay yeah this is we tried
I think Missy gave us a little Christmas
ornament or a viewer gave us a Christmas
ornament and they kept like Deanna
Hansen okay that's so awesome good job
boys
okay mommy you need to practice ah I'm
good I snap people wait till you're a
teenager more time Cal ready 1 2 3 pop
good job oh yeah this is way better than
I thought
good job boys thanks hello brother said
the dump to blue you helped me and they
helped you now I see a lot depends on
helping hand from a few good friends
keep that bleep who wants right
everybody scramble to jump inside wait
aah broke ma
beep beep beep deep and terribly trap
beep do you want to say the beep beep
yeah okay you say it thank you
so there are only a few more things that
we need to do for the house that we want
to do before we move in so tomorrow I
need to find a place that will blow up a
really big family picture for us for
above the fireplace and then Jared and I
just ordered our shades for the master
bathroom
these are roman shades that we just
bought but I think they're so pretty and
soft and they'll look really good in our
master bathroom it's just so crazy this
is going so fast literally like the end
of the month I'm really excited um what
do you think any thoughts on
really not that excited but I think
it'll probably no of course I'm excited
are you crazy
I just want to show you guys a little
bit of whoa what we're doing in order to
go ahead and say goodnight and we will
find someone to do a family picture
tomorrow I was gonna say we're gonna
blow up a picture tomorrow like some
mixture let's blow up a picture thanks
for watching guys have a wonderful day
and it's the beginning of the weekend
bye
