three raspberries mumphrey raspberries
Jackson come give your brother a
raspberry blowing his tummy no it has
tummy
oh my gosh
no freakin way Ellie this is that is a
that is a freaking giant moth do you see
it Jackson on the window right there
here that is so big I've gotta get a
banana for scale
oh let's wave to the train we do this
whenever the train goes by and they
always laid-back
yeah once or twice on once a week yeah
there you have it
look at that that is so freaking huge is
just like it looks weird like the
texture on it oh yeah that gives me the
heebie-jeebies that is so creepy like
weird like bug moths well I feel like
it's just back-to-school shopping for me
and I love it I recently got a planner
and an address book because I was always
sick of asking my family like what's
your address again what's your address
so I'm here looking at pens who would
have thought looking at pens is so fun
but according to the internet straddler
and paper May are at the top two best
pens so sitting here debating on which
ones I like and I have a big list today
because I got new Invisalign I have two
months left two months and then I'm done
and I'm really excited but I got new
ones so my mouth will be hurting today
and I'll be talking kind of funny
tomorrow so today for you guys is
September 1st it is a new month it is
moving month it is here we move in at
the very end of September so we have one
month left and this is like a whole new
chapter of our lives Jer and I are gonna
be celebrating our seven-year
anniversary in November and this is just
a whole new life we've always talked
about like when we'll have a backyard
and I'll have a home to have our kids
play when we'll have kids and this is
just really fun we have Jackson's whole
bathroom downstairs is tiled we have
tile I think he did such a good job
holy cow it's so pretty I'm so glad you
changed your mind and garlic
and I just talked to mom on the phone
and I said I something I didn't even
realize it's kind of the window casings
are and I like it because you're gonna
love to play in here think about your
kid oh yeah we would shoot you sure BB
gun up the basement
with the swing set so this is the kids's
play area like this whole base up part
we're gonna have like different things
in the corners so the kids will have
this whole back area to play and then
under the lost air area and originally
this was a kitchenette and we decided
not to put a kitchenette there you walk
in here and this is just like a big
storage area we've done we have gods of
storage and I was just talking to mom
and I was like do I put like shelves in
here I already have like spaces
everywhere else for storage like the
garage and our main storage back there
and she said I wouldn't put it there
just to put it there right now
she said it's kind of fun to have a
blank space and I was also thinking you
know even mines that my friends actually
if I wanted I could put like a lock on
the door so they can have like free
range of it and like have like a little
mini fridge in like a little bar of like
snacks and stuff here Jarrod would love
that or
you need to store things that are bigger
than shelves yeah like I could store
like our decorations in here like just
bins like Christmas bins I have like no
decorations except my god because I
haven't even seen it except like at the
store like the sample is like oh holy
cow like look at all of this material
like all of that is for the bathroom
there's so much they had to put it in
here oh my gosh that's all the tile
that's so pretty
le you can't say I've never done
anything romantic for you look at this
we're on this beautiful balcony eating
and really delicious hamburger talk
about romantic right it's fun to have a
lunch date with you I feel like this
whole month is gonna be crazy but every
day like we have multiple phone calls we
have multiple people asking us the
finishing guy is always asking us like
what do you want here like it just
questions I confirm me things which I
really appreciate because they really
don't have to I mean he could just do
what he thinks is best but yeah I just
it feels good to like sit down and have
like a good lunch with you and just
Danielle yeah we just got back from the
bank and went over a bunch of stuff
there we've got a grandma watching the
kids let's go lunch real quick Don't
Tell grandma she doesn't need to know
about it I'm kidding she knows about it
she approved it
we got her approval so I'm gonna munch
on these and we're gonna have a good
time
okay you ready Jackson here I come was
that fun okay your turn okay show me
your stuff
ready set go good job
rolling you rolled all the way down the
hill do a somersault
whoa stick moves
I think shonduras might sponsor you over
me whoa you uh try again okay you okay
yeah high five good job buddy
I'm okay all right we're at swigs it's
Jenna
Haley Haley I'm so terrible at that so
we get swigs every once in a while and
Haley and I have become friends because
she watches our videos and she's always
here doing the orders and stuff so we
appreciate it and if you guys haven't
tried so it's delicious this little guy
my grandma made this for us right oh
yeah
she had her sister sitting on the ground
like on the flat ground that's probably
the hardest thing for me and like as far
as like lifestyle changes that's been
hard to get used to I can't sit like
cross-legged like that yeah we're more
than a few seconds or it'll really hurt
my hips are like if we're all watching
TV and Jed's on the floor he doesn't say
anything but I know that's it person
when he does that we hardly really talk
about it
yeah honored had reconstructive hip
surgery like six years ago yeah I don't
I don't want to talk about it I don't
want it to be something that is like
annoying you know yeah yeah baby you
look so cute in your shoes guys I I am
gonna miss this I think the kids are
gonna missing the airplanes and the
trains I will miss that because that is
something fun every time the train goes
by it's like Jack said we all run to the
window we all pull the blinds up in the
train conductor always welcome to
tonight's main event I'm your host Jared
Miko today we're all talking about shape
so we've got our very first contestant
on the show today Jackson Mika
he's very excited to be here coming in
all the way from Utah and we are going
to have a little contest all right
Jackson I have four shapes here on the
ground if you can correctly identify
three of them you will win a prize are
you ready okay where is the triangle
touch it okay Jackson where is the
circle where is the circle touch it I'm
sorry Jackson but that is incorrect you
still have two more opportunities to
make this right all right Jackson where
is the square can you show me where the
square is touch it that is the circle
okay where is the rectangle do you got
it that's two a 50% a bet where's the
triangle good job where's the circle
where is it that's the circle right
where's the square
that's a rectangle that's a circle well
that's the show for tonight ladies and
gentlemen sorry - our contestant Jackson
me chemically got two of the answers
correct he will be sorely missed as he
good exits today show up next next week
is our main man Calvin are you ready for
the main event - next week that's just
disease in the world I was just telling
him how much he talks now and so find
out the kid to like have a conversation
with and then I said but you just
deciding now will you I'm God I'm
captain Kelvin and I'm here to wash you
ashore and take your booty no it's the
diaper brothers they're here to take her
their pillage our cities and take our
loot or something three raspberries mom
three raspberries Jackson come give your
brother a raspberry blowing his tummy
blowing his tummy kids are in bed a
Grandma and Grandpa so that they come
over and sit at the house watch a show
while we walk they just walk through the
house it's like
the tile guy messaged me and said I laid
out all of your tile on the floor and I
left a grout so I want you to pick it
my god look at that that's so cool
are you freaking out a little bit I
think this is a protective barrier to
make sure you don't do exactly what
you're doing this video is sponsored by
hearing aids where you'll need them now
look at this oh there you are
they did the casing for it the casing
looks great
clean your room okay cz end it in our
new house I don't think we have thank
you guys for watching this is Ella well
hope you guys have a fantastic day and
we'll see you guys tomorrow bye
