Oh
good morning mr. Magoo are you its
morning time when you are all ready for
a nap this is not Calvin I love it yeah
Calvin he just grabbed his binky and
blanket got me downstairs in the kitchen
laid it on the floor laid his head down
mm-hmm he's like ready for now he's
definitely signaling something Ellie
this has the cutest thing ever I love it
he's so cute look at that smile oh my
gosh Ellie was talking yesterday about
the growth spurt that Calvin is having
and it's just like so crazy how
different he is already like on Sunday
it was just the sweetest thing I was
sitting on the red bench and Calvin came
right up to me and he patted the bench
and he lifted his arms up to me he
wanted to sit next to me and as weird as
it sound like you guys know Calvin has
been like a mommy's boy from day one he
loves me and I love him very very much
but it's not like him to just be like I
want daddy he's always a mama's boy and
that was just like the sweetest most
tender moment that this kids could ever
have for me yeah well kid should go to
bed grab whatever bean you decide he's
like I'm trying to decide turtle no
monkey okay good night that is so cute
say goodnight say bye bye say goodnight
say bye bye he's like just leave so I
could sleep we're working on some videos
for Ellie's Channel today some what's in
Ellie's belly and we just are almost
done with one we've got like a 20 minute
break so Ellie's gonna clean up and get
ready for the next video and I am going
to get back to work I've been working on
the intro since there's some like 3d
stuff that I'm working on for the intro
and I've been working on that so we've
got about 20 minute break while the food
cooks until we start filming again so
we're gonna clean up get ready and I'll
work some more it's fun like you said
like I like
like this yeah the long-awaited intro I
want to give you a little sneak peek as
to what I'm doing I'm doing some like 3d
animating in after-effects well two and
a half the animating and I'm kind of
teaching myself how to do it but I
wanted to give you a quick little sneak
peek as to what I'm doing right now
I think it's cool I don't know I've
never seen anyone do this in like an
intro before so we'll see how it plays
out but this is our little cow oh there
we go this is our little Calvin here and
this is a picture that we got from our
photo shoot and this is what I did to it
pretty cool huh
just want to give you guys a little
tease I know there's a lot of people
have been asking for a new intro and it
is coming mom and dad are coming over
for lunch and Calvin saw me getting the
food ready and he's sat up there you
ready for night we're gonna eat we have
chicken that I made I did a video on the
chicken I have my zucchini casserole
done we are ready to eat and I just
can't get over you can I just film you
for 10 minutes for the whole vlog
because you do so cute so this is what
Jackson looks like during quiet time I
freaking love this look at him he's in
his bedroom and he's playing with these
little magnet toys like in a book and he
loves that he always asks for this
whenever he goes a bit he's so stinking
cute so I stopped by the house to go
over a few things in my office with the
finishing guys in regards to the
cabinets my desk that's gonna wrap
around this way and then the walls in a
perfect world what I'm planning on doing
is having like a grid system like we're
along there and I'm along here so I can
hang my guitars and each guitar will
have like boom-boom-boom three guitars
to showcase and we're just kind of like
going over and clarifying in a few
different things because the desk and
the cabinet are right in the way of the
grid system so hopefully that will work
out just fine but I saw you
tile for the laundry room I've got a
straight because she will freak look at
that that is just gorgeous she is gonna
love that all the way around the floor
like she's gonna be so excited
I am excited for her she's gonna love
that Oh ice cream I thought you said in
the toilet and lick you like ice cream
not poo right oh no you go poo in the
toilet there Jackson Miko do you want to
go to wiggle worm in the bus that's a
great idea
I don't have the heart to talk it's cool
to get yeah yeah job okay drive to
wiggle worm maybe a bad guy you ready
for bed time yeah I think seeing kids
imagination grow is one I like the
coolest and most fulfilling things as a
dad watching my kids grow up what who's
there boo boo hoo why you guys just a
joke Jared and I have loved being
together and spending the whole morning
working together and just being together
I love it Kara I do but we're gonna go
ahead and do something a little bit
different for our night we're gonna do
our night routine this is what we do
pretty much every night from like 5:00
on unless we're not home but like
usually when we're home 5 on this is
about the structure that we do so I hope
you guys enjoy
it is now 8:30 and the kids are in bed
and this is my time now I start the top
I let it fill up as I wash my face and
today I am partnering with Cosmopolitan
Macy's in the estate water to show you
guys my nightly skincare routine
the advanced night repair is something
that I use after my phases wash and
before I moisturize it reduces the looks
of signs of aging it is smoother it
makes you more radiant and it is a night
repair so when I wake up my skin is
moisturized and any blemishes that I
have had look much softer it is
important to reduce the signs of aging
before it starts I've been using a gel
consistently for the last two years
advanced night repair IGEL not only
helps with dark circles dryness and
puffiness but it reduces these signs of
aging if you guys are interested in the
advanced night repair Estee Lauder is
doing a deal now through September 18th
if you do a $35 purchase or more you get
a free gift set value to the $150 there
are a lot of fun goodies right here
check out your local Macy's or I'll have
a link down below if you guys are
interested working at the ice cream shop
in high school my first paycheck I
bought an Estee Lauder face cream and
with that came a free gift with purchase
and I still have that same lipstick from
all those years ago with my first
lipstick so I kept it forever by 10 or
11 o'clock I am done with work and Ellie
is all done with the kids and getting
ready for bed and usually what we do is
we'll go downstairs or get a treat and
watch a show or two before we go to bed
well we hope you guys enjoyed watching
our nightly routine this is just a
typical night in the Meachem household
and with that we're gonna call a time
we're gonna go watch our show you ready
yep is over next season thanks for
watching guys oh so tomorrow
