hey the boys have been playing non-stop
Oh Jackson just another table here come
up
good morning and welcome to our huh we
have been playing all morning the kids
are just having a little bit of snack on
a little plate of time before Calvin has
his first nap I have been trying to get
a grocery list ready and some things
that we need from the grocery store and
I'm also trying to clean out our pantry
like you know smoked pork beans um just
like everything that we have because I
don't I just want to use it we have
because I don't want to waste anything I
also don't want to like bring like ten
cans or 20 cans with us like I'd rather
just do a clean slate grocery shopping
remove so I'm just trying to like use
that what we have find some things to
make so I have some lunch to make today
to clean out some things I freezer and
my pantry we're getting out more snack
so I think we have a snack already no
look look
Jack I need your help when we go grocery
shopping today we've had a snack and I'm
gonna need oh that is sad boys evil face
say okay mom I'll help you you be nice
that was a burger that was a burp say
excuse me I need good job okay I'm gonna
close the door we're here get Calvin
down for a nap
get going her day a few moments later
good morning
Calvin you slept two and a half hours
Calvin's had a lot of changes lately
anger to do a little update on him very
soon his sleep schedule is totally
completely changed how are you I love
your smell I can tell you been sleeping
been you know me I'm a crazy baby breath
sniffer I like it you put it on there
but Calvin is seriously going through
such a growth spurt I feel like the kids
haven't gone through like like any crazy
huge changes aside for potty training
lately
and I feel like lately a
especially with Kelvin and he's going
through a lot of changes but Jarrod's
daddy says you have such a lunch mouth
because he eats and eats he's always
been a good eater but especially lately
he has been eating non-stop his sleep
habits have totally changed and his
personality is coming up more he's
talking more
he's like listening like the other day I
was like well you put your shoes on and
like came over to me and walked and sat
down like you always do and I just your
change in and you're going through a
growth spurt and I can I can see a part
of me is sad because he's my baby right
now you're always gonna be my baby too
and it's just sad that he's like growing
up and he's changing but at the same
time I love it too
well lunch is served ladies and
gentlemen we've got a delicious meal
here Ellie has prepared this chicken and
beans and the chicken looks really good
yeah you've got your beans to it you got
some chicken Oh where's your chicken
take a bite if you like it yeah take a
bite let's see if you is it good
do you like it I'll take that as a yes
so Ellie Tuesdays are our filming days
for like our other channels and Ellie
has some videos that she has planned for
tomorrow including a recipe some recipes
you're filming some cooking video people
ask them about some recipes so that you
can and the zucchini one oh you get out
of town right now young man before I
smack you Jack back back attack okay
don't throw your food that's naughty
can you say I'm sorry so if you guys
didn't know Ellie does a little segment
called walk in Ellie's belly and we are
gonna find out what's in Ellie's belly
coming up sue it's delicious I can tell
you that not a bit you're supposed to
put
the best part is you put like a tomato
sauce on it
like um spaghetti sauce and cheese I
forgot to finish it on it's still good
but I forgot to like do the other half
of it well we had to stop by the house
and see what's going on is cuz it's a
brand new day it's brand new exciting
day in the backyard they've done all of
this siding
look how stinking good it looks now this
is just the color of the material we're
gonna paint it and it's gonna be totally
different but Frank
those are backyard early I didn't even
notice that and then look at the trim on
the window doesn't that look good I love
that this is awesome yeah well the
finishing guy is here the Tyler's here
they're like they're doing a ton of
stuff I'm so excited to see what's going
on Oh careful careful
Ellie all of those chicken wires on the
floor you didn't tell me we're having
chickens in the laundry room yeah
absolutely so we just walked through the
house and this buddy will walk through
the house each of the contractors have
like any questions for us and so it's
kind of fun we're answering all these
questions and they're just kind of
getting everything ready for the tile
the tile gets here tomorrow we are gonna
go play assignment and Cohen Thank You
Toby and they have a doggy dinosaur did
scare you I pulled the camera I told him
now what we're done that's so funny you
haven't seen them for a while huh thank
you Thomasson actually oh no keep
talking your TV talk
hey the boys have been playing non-stop
Oh Jackson dosed another table here come
on I should not have done that I just
messed it all up I just reached habit
and the kids who are playing in the
playroom I open it up to show him and
now they're just asking for candy
so Jackson's playing with his friend
this is my friend Ashley you guys have
seen her once or twice and the boys just
went to buy us some Chinese and the kids
are all playing or Ashley's house they
actually just bought this house and you
guys are doing crazy remodels that has
them but I just love this um back set up
I was like this just gives you such good
ideas already like I just I love a candy
bar yeah my name in candy I can be iron
hand
they're finally playing so we're
enjoying our electricity we're sitting
here eating Panda Express talking
everything oh we're talking about candy
we're talking about remodeling expiring
inspiration that's what I love about
coming over here I always wait
five thousand miles we did it that's a
lot of my lap too much yeah that is I
think people drive what $12,000 $12,000
12,000 miles in a year we just drove
5,000 miles in two months we just drove
5,000 miles in our van do you like it
yeah it's fun huh okay
daddy's not feeling Oh daddy's gonna
close his eyes mommy's gonna drive
