he is mesmerized by that is he yeah yeah
yeah I like that
what's going on in here here in the
treehouse how are you you having fun
with Grandpa are you keeping grandpa out
of trouble yeah yeah making sure you're
being safe when you climb those trees
grandpa that's right
that's your door this is fun little tree
house huh well we don't have a garage
yet it's an extension that we're working
on
we'll get it soon okay have you had fun
at the cabin Jackson good is this your
little cabin well I would definitely say
that this is Jackson's favorite part
about the cabin is climbing up here
and playing in that little playhouse are
sorry the treehouse this little cabin
it's just fun because every time I come
up here you know all of our family
members on my mom's side they like share
this cabin and every time we come up
there's something new and I want to show
you something that my little cousins
once removed built last time they were
here they've built this little lean-to
isn't that cool I think they're like
eight or nine years old or ten years old
and they built all this pull all
together themselves pretty sweet huh
just fun to see you know a new
generation of kids doing stuff that me
and my siblings would do when we are
here at the cabin yes here we have the
excellent woodsman plying his craft
making kindling for future generations
oh my goodness what's the number one
rule you got to leave the place better
than you find it so that's right sing
all the firewood that we used inside for
the cabin well actually we're replacing
even more yeah cuz we leave
that's the kind of people we are the car
smells like there are teenagers in it
stinky feet to the max like and Calvin
yours yours is the worst like there's
Jackson's toes and then there's your
toes and they are so steep I haven't
even got in the car yet and it's
thinking like oh it's crush the Jacksons
are not thought that yours are the worst
you stinky dumb McGee well it is time to
say goodbye to the cabin always have so
much fun here and it's always such a
blast it's so good to get outside and
just breathe the fresh air
make a fire roast some s'mores and be
with the family the thing that I'm kind
of disappointed in is I don't know why
this upsets me so much but like there is
no service within 30 miles of here we
have to drive 30 minutes away to get to
service the thing that upset me is I
constantly kept pulling out my phone to
check Twitter to check comments to check
Instagram out of habit just out of habit
I was like okay I'm gonna pull my phone
out there's no service here and I was
just thinking to myself like this is
it's too much so it's sometimes it's
good to get out here to escape all of
that and just enjoy the nature and
everything and I realize that's my job
it's important to do Twitter and
Instagram but there's there's a point
where it's too much and I think I've
gotten to that point so it was good for
me to come out here and realize the
importance of being together with family
and enjoying what's around you in the
moment rather than always looking and
seeing what's going on on Twitter and
social media and all of that stuff so
that's one lesson that I learned being
out here today
she almost hit it they did you or did
you you slammed on the brakes really
hard was huge I'm stopping this tip but
at the same time I was like we almost
got in a wreck huh that was big
home sweet home we finally made it back
Ellie is bathing the kids and doing some
laundry
I just finished unloading the van now
we're airing out these sleeping bags
it's a beautiful day good day to come
home
don't get me wrong I had a blast up at
the cabinet but there's something about
coming home after a trip just feels
really nice say say what you want
crocodile he is mesmerized by that is he
I like that
fishies teeth
do you want to try this is a game
they got me Calvin what was your
favorite part of the cabin grandpa did
you like hanging out with Grandpa
yeah what else did you do at the cabin
did you go in the treehouse and play
yeah did you like that do you open the
door yeah what else did you do at the
treehouse yeah
did you help daddy start a fire yeah
that was good and we're safe around the
fire arm should we make a silly face
okay let's make a silly face ready 1 2 3
your silly face where's your silly face
ready 1 2 good it's not make a sad face
now make an angry face don't make a
smiley face make it happy face
good job ok can you say goodnight to our
friends say see you tomorrow friends
so I just did some meditation yeah it's
kind of weird for me to say it but I sat
down and my buddy told me about this app
and I meditated or sat and did like this
guided meditation for a little bit and
it was nice I've been thinking a lot
lately about some things and some things
have kind of just been weighing on my
mind and it felt really good to sit down
and just think and or actually not think
and so I think I'm gonna keep it up for
a little bit and just kind of see how I
feel and that was it's actually part of
the miracle morning that Ellie and I
read like a month or so ago was starting
off your morning like with this a little
meditation or guided thought process and
so I think I'm gonna start it in the
morning I did it tonight just because I
had some stuff on my mind but I think
I'm gonna do it every morning but I
don't know it's just kind of interesting
do you guys meditate or think or do
anything like that let me know in the
comments below what you guys do if
you're like stressed or have anxiety or
are anxious or overwhelmed what is your
method of coping with that I'd love to
hear what you guys do kids are in bed
and asleep Calvin did so good tonight he
did so stinking good it was amazing he
went right to bed and he's still asleep
hasn't woken up once yes so things are
going well with him and we're gonna call
it a night thank you guys so much for
watching
be sure to give the video a big thumbs
up if you enjoyed it and we'll see you
tomorrow
hope you have a great week bye
