this is up this time please played this
game Jackson
good morning it is early at the cabin
I'm jarred sleeping the kids are sitting
for eating
grandma's banana bread for watching
tangled did you guys sleep good last
night yeah yeah that's true but I'm well
it's freezing everything yeah we're
gonna watch this for the morning and
took her Mac up wake up and now they're
gonna hike high chair that's awesome
nothing like a beautiful cabin mornin
like a beautiful cabin breakfast we've
got eggs bacon and hash browns Ellie was
at the helm of the cooking so thank you
so much for cooking all of this this
morning I was wrangling the kids but I
mean just look so delicious and it's a
beautiful day it is so gorgeous outside
I'm totally gonna fly the drone and show
you out but we're actually gonna go on a
hike today it's a meaningful hike to me
for a couple different reasons not just
because we did it growing up for a
couple years ago something happened and
we'll tell you more about that but for
now we got to eat breakfast the
breakfast of champions
there you go we have to loosen it up a
bit for mr. Jackson Calvin are you lying
you guys you got comfy
are you comfortable it was on this walk
that we decided officially that Jackson
would be called Jackson and I think I
was 16 weeks expecting and it was the
first time I felt you move in my tummy
is that fun Jackson Beaverdam Jackson it
was at the Beaver Dam say I'm beaver dam
Jackson Jackson look what I found
we almost stepped on it you look Jackson
what is that it's a snake what do you
think James I spotted it before dad yeah
I think that's the least 25 cents do you
remember when all these snake was on you
yeah let's find a stick you say scoot
over
oh it's hissing out yeah do you see that
so is this a water snake that's a garter
snake garter snake look at that is that
cool look at those guns all right so
what I'm gonna do is to get a little bit
closer and I've got the stick here I'm
gonna pop it see if we can make him
angry or just lightly move him how long
did you slither away 25 cents let me
explain that when we were kids and we've
gone on road trips we would have little
competitions and dad would say if anyone
can find a moose or a deer of something
before me I'll give you a nickel or
something like that and we would I was
much more generous than that it was at
least 25 so okay 25 said so
would never have to give away any money
right he was he's always so good at
spotting animals and I mean even last
night we were driving back trying to
upload dad spotted like three more deer
than I did driving but we'd always have
these competitions and we'd always try
to find these animals and dad would
always find them first but there has
been a few occasions where we find them
first and I think I'm not sure how much
maybe at least two or three dollars you
owe us kids still it's it's time to pay
up dad Jackson do you see that right
there do you see that
that's the Beaver Dam that's your
namesake yeah see the Beaver Dam
well the beaver lodge same thing the
beaver is really well off and just in
the past couple years they have a dam a
lodge
what else that they build recently I
don't know it's expanded over time
they're they're franchising it out so
it's been pretty nice for them to see to
see the growth and everything what do
you think bud is that pretty cool these
are Oregon grape mm-hmm
do you want try one Jax and they said
that the blue are berries are always
edible red berries are sometimes edible
and white berries are never edible okay
Jackson here now remember it's gonna be
a little sour and you guys spit the
seeds out okay so good you had another
one
okay chew a little bit more before you
spit the seeds out
I love he's asleep how cute is that now
the other ones out I lost another
soldier today
hold on say yeehaw we went on a little
Drive and drove up to Bald Mountain and
mom and dad are scoping out the
mountains for their climbing interest
now that they live in Utah they're gonna
go to the cabin quite a bit more so
they're kind of scoping out the
different areas they can go and it's
just beautiful
Oh especially when your little boy falls
on the ground
look what mom and I just whipped
together tin foil dinners there is meat
carrots potatoes onions we are ready to
wrap them up and put them on the fire
well my men are working hard but Jerry
said that Jackson has actually been a
really big help
Jackson you even have leather gloves on
look how cute that is
good job some of you guys went up to
chopping wood this is empty you filled
that up you got more that's awesome well
you're no you know how you're just in
the dirt oh yeah right here why are you
gonna make one tonight well you could
this looks fun fire safety is very
important we don't that's exactly the
opposite of what we want to do daddy's
gonna start to fire it but I want your
help okay the fears over take that works
shut up safety to the mags here Jackson
I need your help
the goal is to light the fire with one
match that's the goal will it work I
don't know we'll find out now daddy's
gonna start the fire but I need your
help okay I want when I start it and
when I say I want you to blow to help
give the fire oxygen all right can you
do that for me show me how you would do
it good
and then when you're all done you come
sit right back down and we stay he's
gone - good job Calvin and we stay away
from the Ring of Fire okay do you come
blow on it wait not yet
there we go come down low like this cut
put your face right here and soft that
looks good okay god bless you really
soft that's Jackson good job good job
buddy you can't go sit back in your
chair good job now we stay away now that
the fires lit we stay away okay yeah
yeah but will be supervised not yet when
I say okay but good helper now stand up
right here and I want you to put it
right on that side see that one there
put it right there okay Wow great good
job okay now look you don't put anything
in the fire without Daddy white next to
you telling you it's okay all right
Japanese requesting batteries this is up
this time please played this game
they end up with your best shot Jackson
Jeff a stick to have your stick to
did you find the tree bud Wow good job
all these millions and millions of stars
does not put life into perspective
I do not know love well it seriously is
like the most beautiful thing and coming
to the cabin is so special and
especially like nights like this one we
just sit down and talk and and put life
into perspective and are grateful for
what we have things that we get worked
up about or they just when you don't
alright here they don't match just a
drop in the big
this this has been so much fun I'm so
glad that we did this thank you guys for
coming along on our little family a
little trip and it was so great then
we've got another half day coming
tomorrow so thank you guys so much for
watching and we'll see you tomorrow
