oh are you gonna jump are you gonna do
it do it whoa good jump buddy
okay I'm watching hope you're doing a
Superman whoa that's a cool trick can
you do another one buddy let's see it oh
my gosh look at that that was incredible
oh now do the dismount do the jump okay
jump do the jump whoa that's my boy good
morning guys today is going to be so
awesome because we're going camping yeah
we're gonna go camping we got all of our
stuff getting ready to pack up I've got
the drone I've got some equipment we've
got the van almost ready to be packed up
and that's probably been like one of my
favorite parts about this whole endeavor
is that we should go camping in the car
and we had zero room for everything yet
we somehow managed to do it now we've
got the van and it's just like we've got
tons of space we can feel so much more
stuff in here I think we will you know
what we're gonna grab mom and dad we're
gonna throw all of their stuff in the
van and we're going to the cabin so I
drove over to my parents house to get
all of their stuff for the cabin and
pack it up and why did some rearranging
and everything and I'm really excited
about how it turned out I don't know how
we did in the car before but we have
four adults two kids all packed in the
van ready to go and let me show you the
trunk but but up up up up with room to
spare look at all of this we've got a
giant cooler we've got all a mom and dad
stuff on this side our stuff on this
side plenty of space for everyone in the
van it's not very often that I get a
ride with you I can't really keep our
eyes on the kiddos no spilling in the
car what is your scene you spill you
spill like kill yeah
oh I'm trying to talk the man over there
we live lifting action Okolona Oh break
you're gonna have a real good time
family up in the van having a real time
telling it a lot better
hey don't make me come back I think it's
cute you're holding your mom's hand I
always put my hand right here because
you know it's just a good place to rest
your arm my mom's right nope I'm usually
in the just I'm not that mean well
it wouldn't be a trip without forgetting
something we got on the freeway and had
to turn around because we forgot the air
goes because we are going hiking okay I
think I got everything and I'm dropping
things in the meantime okay this time
it's official things are still dropping
okay
this time it's for real it's official
sorry we're on a deadline guys we've got
to go camping and we're finally ready to
rock and roll you know what we should do
you know why we also forgot we gotta say
a prayer oh yes dad say a prayer
welcome to the cabin we made it oh did
you make a friend gives it very little
kiss it Jackson's like here I'll help
you kiss his nose
our little turtle business a bear's
gonna win we've had our car for two
months and we've had a lot of questions
of things that we like about it or maybe
we don't like about it and since we are
coming on this camping trick I said
camping trick trike a camping trip I
figured it would be a good time to kind
of answer some questions so Jared asked
you guys on Twitter yesterday we asked
on Twitter like if you have any
questions about the van let us know and
we figured we'd answer some of those
questions right now I kind of want to do
like a separate review all on my channel
and like make it like a really long
detailed video and but a lot of people
have asked how we like the vacuuming
system and to be honest I have not used
it until today we were Jarrod's used it
cuz I clean out the car more I used it
when we got back from Bear Lake because
we had a bunch of sand in here and the
vacuum is actually just right there on
the back seat and there's a hose in the
front yeah just right so and I vacuumed
all of the back seat and down in here
and it actually did really well it was
it was more powerful Bela asked how easy
is the latch system for the car seat the
latch system specifically is easy in our
car it was pushed down right it's easy
to get to but you don't feel it when
you're sitting down so it's like really
good positioning and then it sticks out
right there so you can see it it's right
and not in the car lights up yeah and
then there's a couple in the back too so
you can have car seats in the back Nick
Edie asked how the gas mileage is and we
actually do a lot of driving in the city
but when we're on the highway we get
anywhere from like 22 to 24 depending on
that average and the city is about 18
miles per gallon so I would say a solid
18 to 22 depending on
where we're going Charlie asked what are
some of your favorite key features and
actually I learned about this two days
ago Jared when we were driving in the
canyon I'm he's like I'm just not gonna
press the bride's off yeah because we
were going around the mountain well we
were driving and I had the brights on
and I was there was a car coming around
the corner and just as I was about to
turn my brights off the car
automatically did it for me I was like
ooh this car has a mind of its own it
turned off the bride's and then once the
car passed it turned them back on I was
driving home last night I noticed that
the brights went on I didn't even put
them on they just the car kind of did it
on its own mm-hmm yeah so if you have it
set up that way it will just do it
coming from a car that basically has
like no features to this is mind-blowing
some of the things that I like and use
the most are Lane keep assist and
adaptive cruise control I go from going
on the freeway to adjusting there all
the way down to a complete stop without
touching the gas or the brake and it's
so cool Lane keep assist is nice if
you're ever like you know moving closer
to the edge it'll nudge you forward I
wish it weren't as strong nudging you
back because it's almost like a little
jerk rather than a smooth transition but
I think that can be fixed in like a
software update
speaking of software updates the blu-ray
player is really cool Jackson has found
out that we have a little blu-ray player
here and he's been watching some movies
but sometimes it will turn off mid
viewing but then it reboots the system
and then it goes back in I think that's
a Linux thing because I can see the
Linux logo on the display right here and
so again I think that's a software issue
not a hardware thing when it comes to
the main controls right here I've been
in some cars where it's very difficult
to figure out while you're driving how
to adjust things this is very simple and
I like it temperature and pressure
that's all it is and that's how you
adjust it and I love that it's so simple
stow and go is pretty sweet because it
can move the seats down really quick and
you can fit a whole bunch more stuff in
there
OneTouch doors are pretty amazing too
one thing I use all of the time is the
back
camera and the 360 view I think this is
it makes me feel like I'm driving a
rocket ship or something so I can change
all of these all of the different views
and it's just crazy that this van has
cameras and you can see everywhere I
really like the design of the Chrysler
Pacifica and the kids love the panoramic
sunroof it's cool to see them look up
outside and everything as we're driving
along we have seven seats in the van but
some models can have up to eight I never
thought I would say this I really never
thought I would but I freaking love
driving this minivan like I I am a dad
and I'm driving a minivan and I love it
it's it's just cool looking it looks
cool I like it a lot you guys sure look
cute over there eating some pizza
oh are you gonna jump are you gonna do
it do it whoa good jump buddy well we
made it to the cabin just in time for
some sweet sweet dinner and we're all
just here outside enjoying nature
looking beautiful it is today this is
amazing that's daddy's very special
bottle Dr Pepper
like the cabin air I know right Jackson
is making himself one with nature
already he's gone poop twice outside but
not outside where you want in his
pantalones de fuego
yes peed I would show you but there's
too much indecency here Jackson I'm just
getting a diaper on him right now we're
like I've had it with his underwear
we're going camping
who's there interrupting cow who where
does this lead to
this is the loft there we go
is this where you are gonna sleep hey
Shh
are you guess leave up here and the cool
loft mommy and daddy will pry steep up
here - ready yeah come over here
okay let's where's your pillow go at
home be right here
what I'll be careful you be careful with
your nose you want to hit your brain
yeah I'll be careful you turn around and
I'll watch come on down all right guys
the kids are in bed it is late and we
aren't gonna go to bed - yeah Calvin
it's gone right to sleep and it's been
perfect thank you guys so much for
watching if you enjoyed this be sure to
give it a big thumbs up if you haven't
subscribed already hit that subscribe
button cuz we make a video every single
day
and we will see you guys
moose pellets there's a lot of history
here at this cabin and I'm excited to
share with you all tomorrow thanks for
watching bye
