let me show you how real father and
Sutton do it dad
good morning guys I just wanted to
address something before I see you guys
comment about it and I took the plunge
and I got lip injections last night and
as you can see kind of like bubbles up
on one side like normal like people
usually get lip injections right there
but for the most part I'm really happy
with them so hope that you guys are
happy as well
and you think that my lips look cute
just so you know they're not with my
injections isn't that it does that look
at that right there
it is so deep that's puffing my lip out
look at that so you guys you don't need
to get lip injections just try and get
acne as much as you can or on your lip
line and your lips will be like
lusciously like Kylie Jenner so do you
like that huh do like we are here and we
are getting ready to get pampered all
day we have planned this for the last
like month and a half I really wanted to
have us moms have like a pampering day
when they kids go back to school so I am
here with my really really good friend
Natalie she's one that does my eyelashes
and mine embodies hair and we have a
crew we are getting pedicures done
pictures done massages done our hair
done and we are here ready to eat and
party all day and we're waiting for the
rest of the family to show up so let's
get started with my hair okay we all are
getting Botox injections today too right
yes yes yep I already try not to worry
well but I started
I kept on my uncle's farm brothers
brother or not you know they all have
their will farm one brother or my dad
you know I'm never sugar beets this year
the mower I'm going to do just take
those prices are going to be terrible on
the tables why he brought potatoes this
may go down as one of the most
embarrassing moments of my entire life
I'm telling you guys that I'm telling my
dad at the same time as as I tell the
story so I left my wallet in the van and
Ellie has the van with all of the girls
and they're in the spawn day as you guys
already know that and I wanted to pop in
and say hello to the girls I know where
this is do you okay so I happily you
know plop down the stairs to the salon
and I open the door and I can hear the
girls talking and everything and they're
just all right there and as soon as I
open the door and peek my head in
everyone stops and it is dead silent and
one by one all of the girls turn their
head and look at me and I'm just like
what like what is happening I can tell
something serious is going on the person
who is sitting right by the door has
their back to me and they turn up and
they look at me and it's Ellie's mom and
she is full of tears
yeah no I don't know where this is going
right she is talking to all the girls
and I can tell she is baring her heart
and soul to these girls telling them
some sweet sweet emotional story all of
her feelings are going out and I can
feel that in the room and I'm popping my
head in there with the biggest smile and
all of the girls are just like no like I
ruined the moment like I ruined it it
was almost like they were at a Funeral
and I came in with like a jester costume
on and like came in
like everyone's like what the heck is
this guy doing
like seriously one of the most
embarrassing moments of my life cuz
everyone's just like Jared you're an
idiot like you just ruined this yeah
have you ever had anything like that
never yeah I've never been embarrassed
oh my gosh
I felt so dumb I felt so dumb because
Ellie and Bonnie there but I just both
went like what are you doing what are
you doing so I hope they're laughing
about it right now like after the fact
mom I'm sorry that I totally ruined your
your moment of like you know when you're
trying to like get something a message
across but I don't know exactly what
they're talking about
but I just felt stupid I felt so dumb to
try and pop it as we fall together
everybody had their own farm in the fall
it was really it was really crucial time
his mother come in in the in the snow
and one family would be done with their
artists and when you're done you go home
your neighbors and one year somebody
would make some money and a bunch of the
wood and you're just happy when somebody
planted the right crop and and made a
good living off of theirs and you're
just happy for each other today able to
just listen and you feel the spirit as
you guys just talk and laugh as mix
family is such a sweet spirit so who
would have thought that coming in
having this opportunity would have been
a blessing for us it feels such as wheat
spirit of their life on earth do you
have oh you got in vital a you're
holding a good child tree let it go now
yeah do you want to let it go so you can
see a hop oh look he's hanging on you
you must hike you yeah he's not ready to
go oh now he's on my leg jump jump
OOP I love that he's like not afraid to
hold it and look at it and get close to
it that cool bud it's grasshopper that's
the belly of the grasshopper
what does thorax we stuck to you Oh
mommy's not here here show that show our
friends and mommy will see it went yeah
she show Calvin hey mr. Magoo mr. Magoo
he got a big smile on your face mr.
Magoo where's your shoe mr. Magoo do you
wanna go see a grasshopper look Calvin
it's a grasshopper do you see it it's
clean right there what do you think hold
it that cool boys you like it what do
you think Calvin do you want to touch it
do you want to hold it here let's let
Calvin hold it put out your hand
Thank You Ruth
we all are feeling good all of like our
hair so it's done our toes are done we
still have the other half of the girls
to get pampered but we're all taking a
break and we're in your home this is
beautiful thank you so we have lunch
almost forgot the best part the desserts
out the freezer so perfect
are we all enjoying our time and we're
just talking we've all cried a few times
already she's gonna fun I just love
being together
Julie we love you you show me how you do
it yeah good okay now here I'm gonna
throw the ball of you ready oh close
what a good level swing guys are doing
good pattern ready oh here let me show
you how real father and Sutton do it dad
will choke up a little bit
stand up oh let's try one more
Calvin you gotta do a celebration dance
you gotta do a celebration dance Calvin
you gotta do your celebration
that's how they do it look at them swing
that rock over that's what I think oh
well I'm here in the middle of things
you see they've got the cat right there
they've invited me over to come take a
look at the steps to see how I like them
and I want to show it to you they're
beautiful look at these doesn't this
look awesome I am so happy like how
awesome this all comes together they've
got the retaining wall here some nice
stuff over here and these steps are just
so nice those look so good does everyone
feel good does all of your hair feel
fresh our backs arrived our toes are
done it's nice to have all of my family
like all my sisters Julie we love you
wish you were here but this was a fun
day it's 5:00 p.m. this is fun thank you
so much you made our day love you guys
there's like a such a big machine but
they're being so gentle like knocking it
over there you go how many spiders have
we showed you in all our tubs
alrighty when I win them dead or guys
fires on our tub
I'm showing my family the house and I
never give up 6 o'clock and the workers
are all still here working and we're
just sitting I can hear like the rocks
being dumped out of the truck it's crazy
to hear here I'm working some day soon
this one will be done and all of our
camera equipment will all be on that
shelf but right now these are the
shelves that'll go there they're just
waiting to be installed well all in all
boys I say we had a pretty darn good day
Jackson didn't have any accidents
Calvin hit a home run I embarrassed
myself in front of Ellie's family and
that was really great and now we're
getting ready for bed so we're gonna
read some stories
scary monster superhero stories that is
black widow who is that oh yeah who's
that her tags in the way but oh yeah
Captain America can't be new makeup is
that you know I'm a man okay say good
night or friends hmm say Calvin say bye
to our friends come on grandma grant
take the picture oh no it did not work
out
I'm loving the conversations that we're
having I love being together this is the
best day it's lasted all day like a son
together all them
lots of talking about kids early on lots
of stuff she's real fun to talk to my
sisters I am back home with my family
second night in a row Calvin's going to
bed good oh my gosh it's like it was so
funny like Jackson gave me trouble
and that was never the lip flop like
they just flip-flop personalities gotten
today was amazing it wasn't just a
beauty day it was like an uplifting
uplifting your spirit day segment we
talked about our kids we talked about
raising them we talked about life and
wanting to be better people like we all
cried at some point today like of like
happy tears and wanting to be better and
we walked away just be really enriched
it's almost like a little girls retreat
where you feel good and it really was
like we all were like we want to go home
have you baked better women and go I
don't know I just had a ton of
oh that's good I'm glad you guys did it
and how you get together that's how you
feel that's what we feel feel okay thank
the guys very much tonight
I think we have a fun weekend ahead of
us we do we got a spa day today but
camping tomorrow I'll see you tomorrow
guys bye
