you
you
well that's a wrap on fishing we have
fun we did but we didn't catch any fish
no we didn't know but sometimes that's
just okay yeah you know you get to be
outdoors you get to be with people you
love and I can only say this you have
not fished me yet can you tell me what
these are what went that chuckle and
what one stop angle almost that one is a
square you know what that one is what
one's that triangle that is a triangle
good job what was this I squared o mug
sir ball cool okay like how much do you
estimate those water here's being men
well I have a lot of people to call in a
lot of questions that I have that I
don't know anything about but I just
called the spa pipes that we were
looking at hot tubs yesterday and I was
asking questions specifically about
chlorine pools and like the salt water
ones and I don't know everything he was
saying something about the underground
pools having like generators that like
produce the salt water and then he was
saying that the hot tub they don't
recommend it any more because it has
deteriorated the heater and so he said
around every five years you'll need to
replace that which is like 300 bucks
pour more probably more he said there's
other spas and stuff that I don't know
if it's because it's there specific ones
or if it's just the saltwater ones in
general but I have loved being in the
pools that are not luring and then it's
like the saltwater ones because it makes
your skin feel better you don't feel
like you have to take a shower right
after so yeah I kind of don't even know
all this information he just like loaded
all on me so I'm giving a ton of phone
calls today and try and figure out what
would probably be best for us all right
we don't have very many places to shop
where we are at so I just got online and
called another creepy and the guy was
really informative he was saying that
the saltwater ones are a lot more
popular and he said it's all just based
on pH and he said that by doing the
saltwater one do you don't do as much
chemicals and then
is really simple it pretty much is you
just adjust it to a pH so it's just
really simple to run and he said that
he's been working there for several
years and he's never had to replace it
based on it ruining it anyway so it's
just kind of been fun to talk to people
and get a little bit of information and
figure out where we're gonna go with it
are you coloring yeah what color is your
cran yeah what's this
um our chair knows but he's oh he's a
fun monster because he likes cookies and
I like cookies q you eat those a lot
what are they again grapes
great - what's your favorite color
Jackson quake and what's your favorite
food
what good who do you talk about every
day this week even talk about ollie
Anna's birthday for some reason every
morning at breakfast Jackson says all
the birthday have you been thinking
about his birthday party yeah I thought
that was so fun no dress plane let me a
draw one here
Hey crane
do you like plane rides yeah you are a
lucky boy you go you've gone on a lot of
plane rides your life huh
oh hey me copper oh I don't know if I
can draw a helicopter I could draw
anything in you take a Dilla copter so
that works oh my god octor every time we
go to the house jackson asks for a
specific friend has a friend already
asked for us to bring his bike so we are
set I think I you will go in first and
then I'll go and is a little sweet yeah
Jackson's sick of us by just holding
well-written house stuff I'll play some
outside for a minute I have to also dang
look at this door oh that worked Wow are
you smell like America I do smell smell
good Thank You Carl
Carl thank you uh I'm going to bring
this over to measure something real
quick whoa look at that
look at the size of those that's awesome
well we have more rock yes they just
dropped a lot of rock off because they
are pouring our patio or our front porch
steps tomorrow so we will have steps to
go into our home tomorrow look at this
beast it's just this view is just the
Construction Set is so fun two things
that I want to check in on we just met
up with the Builder he had a few
questions for us and we met up with the
rock guys for outside the other day we
showed you guys the little Dutch store
the play door the open halfway well they
just cut out a little window and they'll
frame the frame that little window and
it just so so cute like even though this
is like such like a little small under
area it'll be fun to have for kids to
just play I mean any little area with a
window is so fun for kids and then they
have this whole back room that will be
whoo I've already kind of talked about
what we're going to do back here but
lots of room in the basement the kids
are going to love it but I want to check
in on the pantry so when you go into the
pantry I'm going to have like a little
prep station and I want to make sure
that this little cookie jar fits that
have an idea of what I want so I'm going
to have them take out this first shelf
because we're going to have a piece of
our kitchen countertop right here and I
have an outlet right there so I can put
mixers toasters whatever on that little
prep station and then on the two shelves
above to display some of my things like
I'll have like some cookbooks there and
my cute little cookie jar that my aunt
gave me when I got married and so I want
to make sure that it fits perfect that's
cute
so I'll just have some of my pretty
things right here so that when you open
up the pantry I'll have my little prep
station and then we'll have some storage
tons of storage for food and stuff right
there okay we walked in the house
Jackson and I checks and guess what
mommy told me that there's a surprise
downstairs just for you and Calvin do
you want to go see it a donut that's not
looking good surprise should we go look
Wow okay boom boom boom
but Obama dabomb dabomb it above it a
little bit a bit of it okay tell me do
you see anything
Jackson look over here Oh caulk that's a
good surprise but that's not what I'm
thinking
look right over there Jackson what do
you see do you see that right there what
is that look Hey
you go and look what do you think
don't be is it good do you like it
that's fun
Oh hmm can you close that door he's
already getting the idea okay now come
peek through the hole hi hi you're
getting it that's exactly right
I'm so happy he knows to close just that
part like that's so fun all right
Jackson you and Calvin are gonna play in
there and have so much fun right I'm so
excited for you and maybe sometimes
Jackson if daddy's really nice will you
let him oh he wanted hunter told him he
has added ona I'm not sure where that's
coming from Jackson if daddy if daddy's
really nice maybe you can let him play
under the stairs with you and Calvin
does that sound good yeah Oh whew there
was a little hesitation their heart is
so full it really is like we're gonna
have a home Jackson's been playing with
good kids his friends let's go my mind
let me show you something over here it's
gonna blow your mind I'm just like so
happy like it's gonna be so nice to have
the kids how like a basement to run in
and yard do you see these right here
those are our steps on the side of the
house no that's so cool
let me get out there like and match the
outside of our house - oh that's so cool
whoa my mom is gonna die Oh mom and dad
will love those wow those are cool Jer
Wow
though those are pretty they're huge
jeez are gorgeous look at these I just
want to slap them I just wanna stop them
wow those are big oh my gosh these are
steps right more cruel steps to join
hands so cool that's so cool it's coming
together and the Builder said he called
the siding people and got a little upset
with that haha we've been waiting for
like to be I said you guys need to get
out there you have me on so he got upset
of them another if they're out there
right now it's I feel backs it's 5:00 I
wonder if they're doing starting it late
it usually all the workers go home by
like four or something so anyway lots of
stuff for weeks and I think this four
weeks is going to be crazy exciting
let's put a little asterisks on that
four weeks because we that's this improv
plan that's that's enough but now that
we're like towards the end he said it's
pretty much like it's all it'll still
work out here but fun hi how are you for
dinner we're seeing an ABC Oh singing
ABC's ABCD efg turn your head right to
me give this to Boston okay
what is it turn the painting around so
you can see it he's like what is that
our friend made that for you do you like
it
what do you see he's very timid right
now he's feeling very eyes on like he's
studying it out in great detail it's
like I'm gonna go sit in this now he's
gonna get more excited what are you
saying Boston do you like it yeah
pretty cool huh bud you can hang that up
in your room somewhere if your mom says
so where do you want to put it right by
my bed oh mighty cute he's going to do
it right now right now I'll write you
it's time for bed are you ready you sure
look handsome with your hair like that
hey can you give me a smolder give me
the smaller go like this go okay I'm
watching watch what what am i watching
can you do it go boom good job okay
say goodnight say say bye friends let me
can we get a hallelujah can we get a
hallelujah can we get half this is like
this is um it is ten o'clock I hello
Calvin tonight nap times are great
bedtime is awful I held him tonight and
I said I'm not getting you I'm not
getting you lay your head down I'm not
coming in and guess what happened
sleep he has not done this ever hardly
ever he's done it he's the hardly ever
ha ha ha he laid down and went to sleep
and he has not woken up from 8 o'clock
to 10
cuz of that we're going to celebrate by
going to sleep no seriously I'm really
proud of him
good boy both our boys are good boys I'm
just start my girls day I'm going to go
our girls day starts tomorrow but I'm
going to go soak in the tub and then
tomorrow we're having a spa day with my
all the girls our family mom Mika my mom
and your sister sisters so ok thank you
so much for watching have a wonderful
day we'll see you tomorrow
