think
good morning the kids are still asleep I
don't do this all the time but a lot of
times this month I have woken up before
the kids I've gotten ready and I've
gotten some things done and I actually
really like it because the house is
quiet and I'd be able to just like do my
stuff in the morning rather than right
when the kids wake up so today I am just
getting ready for a new month we are
almost to the month of move-in month
have our budget done I have some bills
that need to be paid like right at 9:00
a.m. I have my our calendar written out
for September so I'm getting ready to
fill in things that we're going to be
doing this month and it just feels
really good to like have that done
d'arnot you were not even scared in the
slightest I'm tired because you were up
so early it is no longer early in the
morning it's still the morning though
Ellie and I have set up our camera and
our light and we're filming some videos
we're having a good time I actually
really like this we're talking about all
of the bedrooms the designs and all the
stuff that we pick what are you doing
you excited to make these videos yeah
it's fun talking about the new house and
it just makes us more excited we're
moving in and like for shorty every time
we say we say different thing and we're
just going based off of the building so
bear with us a lot so we're filming some
videos and we're gonna do some fun stuff
today it's gonna be a great day are you
excited you got your smile on I got my
smile on this house there's a few things
that kind of want to do so we'll see if
we can make it work
hi Jackson okay yeah I make you plain
daddy's will feel ya which superhero are
we today
is this Captain America what yeah and
who's this is this Captain America why
dad the right time yeah Captain America
sucker h/r we matching today right now
Jackson you
I think it's about time I get a little
revenge on Jackson you tried squirting
me yesterday now I'm paying back oh you
want a drink I'll tell you what I want
you to do I want you to dance for dance
come here you I've got you ready
oh you're going inside okay I see
you want to try okay okay check some
insight into my hiding from him I don't
think he knows where I am
don't you get it
now you're a pig and I can run free
don't you even think about it doji don't
you even think about your losing all of
your power Jackson all of the pressures
going away
hey we have a truce truce I won't
support you if you won't support me okay
truce off take that as a juice Jackson
is on the phone with aunt Jennifer right
now and talking about how he wants to
get fruits neck so he walked into the
kitchen she's looking for the fruit
snacks are you talking about Boston and
Cody now Calvin nook singer hit a he was
having a fit getting in here so that
sing a song sing ABCs and he wasn't
sitting here EFG
and he's saying it is yeah he was doing
good huh awesome
he's got music in his bones doesn't he
yeah
no we'll get Calvin cam again soon I
promise k buddy Calvin can is coming
back I think I'm more excited than the
kids will be for this this is just so
fun here is the double dutch door the
double dutch that's like jump from the
Dutch door for the kids little play area
look at it it's cute it's so awesome so
it goes in like that
and then I imagine this will probably be
just open and then that will go shut and
that will just stay closed that's what I
imagined but I think this is just so fun
like here like isn't this fun
I love it fun why don't you guys having
fun you need to have fun okay we're
gonna have fun oh just kidding ah it's
coming together so well you would think
as long as we have been parents these
short a few years that we would know
already to not do this to not tell your
child what you will be doing later in
the day sometimes he's like I know what
I'm doing I'm not gonna take a nap I'm
we're doing fun stuff I'm not gonna wait
for that we legal property we legal hot
tub because Jared was laying Jackson
down for a nap and he said I think if
you take another worker to go look the
hot tubs later and he was so excited and
it was kind of a hot
but now both kids are safe with cars so
never working conditionals only the self
deal deal in absolutes wait does that
contradict itself you wants you to sit
there by you know jump in and go
underwater
good job is interesting I like those but
that would be crazy
oh yeah they have these like swimming
spas that will sit people and you can
swim so there's like a current that
comes out of there and then you can have
people sit over on this side and they
have like a big party one that will sit
up to eleven people and be a swimming
spot it'd be fun I mean it'd be like a
little swimming pool for the kids
hi you having fun you like this one they
would want in your backyard like before
would you Rock work or I'm sure what
they'll do is they'll probably work with
it's the rock guys and do it in
conjunction with them so they're like
working together about it do you like
this one Jackson I'll take that as a yes
yeah you can do that whoo is a frog
swimming yeah you want to get in that's
a fun idea I don't think we can cuz we
will have your swimming suits buddy oh
you're gonna try anyway so they have
these these swimming things that we were
talking about and the guy was showing us
one that is like all set up for
entertainment
have a lot of seating for family and
friends and it has like the current
swimming thing and we're just thinking
like if we have friends and family over
like this would be so much fun it has
like the pool so you can swim kind of
and then the hot tub I don't know it's
just to me 99% we would not get this but
it's just fun to think like yes it'd be
fun because the kids would actually have
like kind of a swimming pool it would
just be kind of fun I think I don't like
this window shop oh yeah it is really
big I mean look compared to Ellie I
guess up to your shoulders you want to
get in this money I want to say it has
water in that one okay grab Calvary no
and I'll join you sorry there's not
enough room what are you talking about
this is the limousine of hot tubs can
you can you cry for me Calvin
there's so much room for activities you
like it this reminds me of like the
college dorm like something they want
this they're like this yeah they're just
big yeah my everyone can sit uh-huh I
like this that's bad is this one pretty
good yeah it's different I mean I'd be
happy with whatever I just want a hot
tub like anything would be awesome I
knew it take the smallest value look oh
my gosh yeah it was tiny uh hug die
rusted we would always say like we're
gonna get the hot okay Jackson I want
you'll hold it by this knob I the paper
by the straw and point it at grandpa and
blow okay
my grandpa's there you go
yeah hold right here hold right here
okay now let go it says in oh my grandpa
now blow yeah good job right here from
the table who leave the kids with
everyone did you clog the toilet you I
literally just said there's litter LA
I'm not gonna talk about it did you know
let me tell you you broke the toilet I
did not break it yes he flushed the
toilet the other day right before we
move and the handle flew off across the
room I was like oh like what doctor so I
went to the bathroom I just flushed the
toy at the hand that he didn't fix the
handle and I said you're fixing it
you're going up there I gotta fix it I
will fix it don't worry Ally I will fix
it because I'm mr. Fixit listen guys
listen I don't know if we're gonna get a
hot tub no no we are gonna get a hot tub
we're gonna get one we went to the house
Jared went to the house and him and Joel
measured for the one that we sat in and
I was thinking it'd be like way too big
I'm in it really good right there so I
said well let's talk about options and
maybe we'll do that we're looking into
it I feel like we're window shopping
right now I think Ellie takes more baths
in than normal human being does so this
is a it would be perfect for you it's
because I fit more than a normal
so I'm just kidding I know it's gross
but come on I've delivered two babies so
is it a good idea or is it a great idea
oh okay oh yeah it is just an idea and
we're toying with it that's what we're
doing we're playing with the idea is it
kind of as a happy medium yeah like it
would be really fun I can just picture
all the nieces and nephews over like
kind of playing in there it would be
really fun how fun would it be to jump
from the higher tier into the pool part
of it that'd be fun
the lawn like the oboe oh that's not
deep enough no way you underestimate
okay I've got a hurry and get ready
because tomorrow morning my dad and I
are going fishing early early early so
I've gotta end the vlog now we're gonna
go to bed and wake up early so thank you
guys so much for watching
we're grateful for you if you enjoyed
the video give it a thumbs up if you
haven't already hit the subscribe button
we make a new video every single day
right Ellie yeah okay we'll see you
later bye
