and just checking out the specs the
measurements making sure they're all
good clean is that cool Wow
what did we practice all morning as you
say listening okay so dad says comes in
your seat you say you say okay hurry
hurry go get in your seat right so we
practiced all morning like Jackson let's
play a game
it's listen to your mom we were in the
living room right Mike Kate come here
okay come here because you're trying to
listen cuz when he's outside he hasn't
been listening as much so that's what
we've been doing but we're on the way to
the house and these are what where we
got our cabinets at they made these
shelves for in the shower where hold
your shampoo your conditioner and so
they made these for us so I am bringing
these to the house to leave in the
bathrooms because the tile guy is going
to be tiling yes they are finally we've
got it all situated they're getting
tiling now so we only need four but they
made us five so I'm going to choose
which ones I like and we're gonna put
them to the house so we just got to the
house to drop off those little tile
pieces for the bathrooms and I noticed
some amazing stuff happening at the
house they've got the double doors on my
office it looks cool but it's wrong I
guess they ordered the wrong doors for
this we're supposed to have some glass
paneling for right there but that's no
big deal we'll just tell the door guy
and I'll get him up here but I feel bad
the guys install them because of the
wrong ones they might have to take it
out but though I just texted our door
guy I said we ordered glass doors for
Jared's office with like a face and he
goes crap I'll get it order it up and
we'll get it swapped out so people have
been really good to work with and that's
the thing is like that's I'm not upset
in the slightest the stink oh yeah I
mean it just takes some time and that's
the thing with the house is like you
have to expect that some of these things
are gonna happen yeah like some things
get delayed some things happen the nice
thing about with these doors since
they've already got the frame install
all they have to do is pop the pins
but it makes me feel good that it wasn't
our fault because I was like oh shoot
like oh yeah my bad
it'll get quick fix it'll get fixed
quick take that Rwanda back so all's all
as well what a good helper hi yeah good
job k Jackson that's chore number one
out of 4550 to that you have to do today
okay did you just wake up Foreman ass
huh you think he's like writing
crookedly right now come here give me a
hug he just woke up from a nap and
obviously was in the crib because
sometimes you don't sleep in the cribs
I'm just like walked out I was kind of
face wash the part that's funny
Jackson self and grandma do a project or
pretty much wash the boards and what a
stinker they learned so long to be to be
goofy trickster ish
Jackson is actually being a good helper
he's helping mom you remember that I
take that back
he's not gonna be a good helper he's
very mischievous before I go ahead that
corner
Jackson is helping mom my mom with all
of the wood that we got from grandmas
old barn if you guys remember that she's
watching it off can she's gonna do some
stuff with it don't you scare me don't
you scare me Jackson you're supposed to
clean up the one here's how you're
supposed to clean off the wood Jackson
there you go good
get on oh my god she is soaking me see
you're good helper get it in the bucket
good job Jackson put more water in there
there you go just like that
you want to get in it is like a little
bathtub huh
but don't get in there buddy okay you
got all your clothes on and we wouldn't
want your clothes to get wet no would we
Jackson like you got mine wet and
Calvin's wet and grandmas silly boy
so we're sitting here with our friend
Lauren what's up you having a good day
yeah it's not a great day awesome
and with the camera yes she's one of the
giveaway winners and we're just sitting
here we've been talking for the past 25
minutes just having a really great time
we were like okay so do you have any
questions for us about Ellie and Jared
or about YouTube for everything and what
did you show us she came from a list of
digs and I just think like that is so
cool that's perfect
so we're gonna knock out some of these
questions bonus speed round are you
ready I'm ready let's go I'm a planner
do you plan what you're going to film
the night before I mean like if we were
like okay we're gonna go to the park
yeah we'll plan that but in terms of
like planning things out for the vlog
not really I mean we'll plan our day
what we're gonna do like on Wednesday my
dad and I are going fishing I'll take a
few minutes of the vlog and we'll go
fishing and we'll take the GoPro and
have some fun stuff with that so in
terms of that yeah we do plan and then
throughout the day what we sometimes do
is be like oh this happened let's make
the title and thumbnail about that and
so we'll kind of plan that in that day
Ellie's got the camera out so you got
high behavior this is Sarah she's the
other word yeah so I'm kind of like
dying right now because she is from
Virginia and she has this beautiful
southern accent and I'm just like Katie
watch out like she's got a beautiful
accent well she's like what am I gonna
say my first videos like your southern
accent people just won't listen to you
well I try to do my best you know it
just use one hand well Jared is off to
an appointment with the kids I am home
alone and it's quiet
and it's clean because the landlord is
coming over to show some girls the house
hopefully it looks nice and clean the
windows are clean I opened the blinds up
so it's nice and bright but he is
showing the place today I lit a candle
because there's like tons of poof
explosions coming on kelan may have had
in this haps
so hopefully the house doesn't stink but
everything is clean I'm just going to
like sit for a minute I've had a lot on
my mind today just like things that I
want to do like future endeavors that I
may want to like participate in it's
just different like I'm in a spot in
life right now where I feel really good
the last few years I have felt good
but if you really think about it you
know we were College then we were trying
to get pregnant then we were going
through some infertility then I got
pregnant and even just like trying and
then getting pregnant it's just a lot of
hormones a lot of emotions on mentally
and physically and then I also got
pregnant Calvin and in Jackson's 3-month
appointment I was like I totally want
another baby
I wanted that and it was a surprise and
it was blessing and then I so I had
Jackson had Calvin right away and you
know I well you know a lot of years with
my body not working how it normally
would work and I was breastfeeding a lot
of those years and being pregnant a lot
within those years you know and so right
now I'm just in a spot where I feel
really good I have two toddlers they are
keeping Jarrod and I busy I don't know
I've just been thinking a lot about
myself hopefully that doesn't sound
weird but I'm just thinking a lot about
me and like how good I feel and things
that I want to pursue and things that I
want to do so that's what's been on my
mind all day today but yep Jerry's
taking the kids and we're going to show
the place so hopefully those people will
like it and we'll have somebody moving
in when we move out
is the last day of summer for a lot of
you guys and even though my kids are not
in school right now I'm going to treat
it as such as well like with our house
this morning I got up at 5:30 just
because I felt like I really wanted to
get up and get ready and like think
about a lot of things that are on my
mind and I knew I wouldn't be able to do
that once the kids woke up I'm just
really excited for back to school or
fall or to kind of like get into our
routine a little bit better I'm Jackson
I would say it's pretty much
potty-trained like he's gone all day and
I've honestly forgot a lot of today I'm
like crap I need to pray you probably
peed your pants and you put you on the
potty and he didn't he's been so good to
like potty trained so that's kind of
just fun like getting into fall him
being more potty-trained and signing
doors on mommy
but yeah I'm just excited to get back
into like a good routine with the kids
be excited are you excited jacks are you
a potty trained boy you pretty much are
like he pretty much makes up in the
morning with no wet diaper and then
throughout the day I you really don't
put a diaper on yeah we've been riding
our bikes oh those are beautiful oh my
goodness Jackson look those are daddy's
um what are they called cabinets that
looks so good
do you think it's cool too
there go ahead and go inside and just
checking out the specs the measurements
making sure they're all good and clean
is that cool
Wow Wow
these look good yeah it's really dark in
here but I want to show you these these
are Ellie's cupboards cabinets that are
going to go along that wall there but we
just wanted to come by and see what the
finishing guys have done towards the end
of the day because the finishing guys
like make the house look like a house or
more like a house so it's always fun to
see what they can do in one day yes
that's a good way to put it
okay are you having fun should we go
home and go to bed good answer just push
the one right there yep just know Ellie
know the one push the one so it goes
back to the seat setting Ellie not no
not not that one not over here Ellie no
just push the one it's a safe memory
seat for my seating just push it just
hit the one I'm gonna be driving the van
next just push the one that's all you
have to do is just push the bleb now the
one le then push the one take you right
over the stroller come on I drove you
didn't let me just take your left hand
your index finger and push the one
that's all I want you to do it's right
there and just tell you what it's just
right there just right no the one le now
we push the one le push the one the one
Shh I'm gonna go ahead and close the one
make a night guys I'd show the kids but
there'd be way too much sensors going on
okay see you later
Calvin's on one end I think they start
chasing you my kidney doesn't bag
