twinkle you ready
what are you guys doing I heard you down
here st. Calvin Calvin you guys playing
cowboys and Indians
you want water in it that was not a
water gun good morning guys and happy
Sunday I cleaned all of the shoes
because Jackson got new shoes for
pictures and then we were in the dirt
and they were dirty one of you guys on
Twitter asked me the other day how we
get have you clean our shoes I was like
baking soda water so I did making sure
the water and a toothbrush and scrubs
scrubbed all of Jared's
shoes so they're nice and clean nice and
clean I'm ready to go outside and enjoy
the nice weather right now huh
come on Cal let's go for a walk you're
starting like run why is there skidded
so yesterday on Twitter I had always
talked about nap times and schedules
with Calvin and his naps had been
awesome I'm so happy he's come so far so
I just laid him down for his nap and I
leave and he'll take a nap but at
nighttime it doesn't seem like it
matters what time it is he just throws
the biggest spit like he just cannot go
to bed and so I usually am with him and
rock him and hold him which I don't mind
if that's what he wants but I just know
that there's just something else there
and a lot of you guys were saying well
maybe he just needs one half a day so so
I'm gonna try one nap today and see how
that goes and so right now is like what
time I normally put him to bed so I
figured we'd come outside and that way
get his mind off of being tired I don't
know we'll see look at this this is my
new favorite toy I found a stick need to
walk with my stick how come I just think
I so cute you're my baby boy and this is
where I find Jackson a lot of the times
you sit right here and you look at all
this do you know that you're gonna have
a playroom that we're gonna set this up
in you should go to church on Sundays
but the kids let really good in today
and so we're like I guess we're gonna be
home so we're gonna go you at your
parents and just kind of have a relaxing
day yeah we're gonna go give one of
those to Boston but let's put that one
down I
I found out a brand-new way to show off
our YouTube videos le it's this guy
right here isn't that cool
it's a little projector well a little
huh it's not little at all this is cool
this is yours right now wait say that
again I came out of bed by now this
belonged to my dad oh wow so it's two
generations old yeah wow this is cool so
it's just a projector you put in a some
film here and it may put the film right
here it goes through and this is the
take-up reel okay
that's what they call the take-up reel
not the spinny thing so dad has a bunch
of videos I'm guessing from like your
childhood yeah some of them are pretty
pretty old yes and he said why don't you
go down the storage room and find some
and we'll watch them so I think I think
that'll be fun we'll go pick one out
right now now we have a video camera
when we were growing up but we never
really used it all that much so I don't
have it we don't have like a ton of
stuff when I was a kid I mean I had some
like gymnastics meets and and some like
plays and stuff that I was in but we
never just like did it while we were at
home I won't talk about the Nutcracker
and sew them though so what do we have
here dad oh my gosh
Christmas 1965 yes so you were I was 14
yeah that'll be fun to see Oh I mean
there's there's just all kinds look at
all of these little reels that's so cool
some of these are you know I was a
teenager it's not in some of these yeah
and in fact some of them I was I had
left left home I was you were gone like
college and then on your mission and
stuff right and none of these have sound
it's all just that's video it's also I
won't be able to hear how you sound but
I will see how you look and I think that
would be a cool thing is because we'll
be able to see dad when he was younger
to see if he looks like my kids or if we
look like each other well and
occasionally there are some shots of
your grandpa yeah who you never knew
yeah and I've only seen pictures I
haven't seen a lot of this video so this
will be fun to see all right we have
some rolls of film here and I'm more
particularly excited to see dad's sweet
and some dates prom dates that he's
going on I'm anxious to see how many
girls he kissed right that is that what
it is you kissed a lot of girls in these
videos something like that but this will
be fun I think it'll be cool for the
kids to see him too hey you guys what
are you doing out here you swinging hi
Jackson do you want to see a video of
Grandpa when he was a boy you want to go
inside and wash yeah like we've got some
of his dates some Christmas I think it'd
be cool do you want to go see yeah
Christmas all right Craig leaving on a
mission when you were going to England
let's see it this will be interesting
because it's the oldest one that we
could find where dad is closest to my
age so Ellie wants to see if there's any
resemblance whatsoever and mom doesn't
think there's any see
look at use Nut muffin with your hat on
these are all your girlfriend's dad
oh yeah
look at you you look sharp
dad
I can see some resemblance between you
and me dad for sure
and my friends would write these letters
about Tammy saying how gorgeous to us
this makes me think like I wish I could
go back in time and just listen to these
conversations like the stuff that you
would do and say as a kid like my mom
and dad went to college with each other
and they would go on dates and you know
have these plans and what what are you
laughing about go on date book so I mean
with the conversation that we just had
where you are like okay there's this
girl that I'm living with in the room
and dad doesn't want her to know that
we're dating so I wanted I want to sit
on that conversation and see what you
guys are talking about you know what I
mean
almost like go back in time and like be
your friend you know and just you know
I'd love to do that with a knowledge
that I have oh look I sweet that's my
mom and dad right there oh look at you
guys look at you guys
it was 4:40 and Calvin had his 1 now
today but he did great for and this is
how our evening has turned out he is so
tired and I want to wake Canucks I
wanted to go to bed at a good time but
at the same time that's like I want to
be grateful for any sleep that he'll do
so I'll just let him sit here for a
minute I'm gonna stare at him look at
his cute toes and I think I show my
baby's feet my toes sweet those are I
think seeing those videos of my dad when
he was a kid and his family was really
special to me because I haven't seen
them I think I've seen some of them in
the past but not a lot not all of them
and I think he has a lot more and I
think the coolest thing about it is that
it gives me the realization that you
know my parents and I are a generation
apart but that kind of like bridge the
gap it didn't it made us feel closer at
least for me anyway and it just made me
think as you know when I was a kid like
Jared you know everything like your
parents don't know anything know like
their parents went through the same
thing that you're going through right
now and so it's just kind of like
bridges that gap I feel like or makes
our relationship that much closer
because I can see them going through
those things and I think it's cooler now
like we have this amazing technology to
do this but even further high-definition
you can actually hear the stuff it's 60
frames per second you know 4k all of
this stuff is a journal and that's like
the biggest reason one of the biggest
reasons that we do this is to have this
so we can look back on us where kids can
look back on it hopefully to learn
something hopefully to put a smile on
their face and I really hope that
Jackson and Calvin and our future kids
will look back and be like I'm grateful
mom and dad decided to do this I'm
grateful although might be embarrassing
or it might be fun or might be excited
I'm grateful that they did this so we
could look back I hope for you guys it
brings a smile to your face or anything
like that so it was cool to see all of
that the way my parents did it
and it was just fun so I'm grateful they
did I just
twinkle little smile
now we're so cute Oh awesome
you want to treat now I'll bribe him to
sing and then for a treat you should ask
for them all day
that is our video for the day this is
what we did on our relaxing Sunday hope
that you guys had a good day
we're gonna go ahead and say goodnight
these kids are getting ready for bed
after one more song say goodnight say
goodnight chat you want to treat common
Keys say goodbye to our friends say
goodbye guys say bye bye say bye bye
