get off get off it it's a frame man
good morning guys and happy Saturday
today we are doing family pictures and
so we're all getting ready right now
Ellie's getting a little bit of makeup
on what is so are you doing blush right
now is that what it is hugging it with
my um transit setting powder oh well
that's interesting and I have to show
you this over here cuz I just thought it
was really cute I'm ironing all our
clothes right now and I just see our
cute little kids clothes that I'm
ironing got my stuff iron there and like
Calvin's little shirt that I'm gonna
iron they're gonna look so handsome in
these clothes I'm so excited for us to
get our pictures taken Ellie's dress is
just beautiful she looks so great in it
I am so excited for our family pictures
because this means that we're gonna be
ready for like a new new YouTube channel
upgrade like our channel trailer our
ever updated my picture yeah your
fixtures been there Sims used to work at
the salon my eight weeks pregnant
so come along for the ride we're gonna
go get family pictures done and do some
fun stuff along the way hi how are you
where we are taking family pictures
today is a few hours away so we're going
to be gone all day so I have the kids
packed on all of us just some snacks
have a banana some yogurt some cheese so
that way we have some snacks for the
road and for when we get there sure
we'll stuff for lunch and stuff I'm so
excited to go get our pictures because
we're going to use a lot of these
pictures for the banners on a channel
for our new intro so I'm just I'm
excited to like get dolled up and to go
with my family and just have fun in an
environment and get our pictures taken
while we're having fun two hours later
look Jackson what is that
the kiddie sink then this is fun huh
bye Katie I mean what do you think ow
King me room D see that okay you see the
doggies look at all the fun he's tiny
three now oh my gosh what a little bit
all right so Calvin and I just went to
Best Buy and we're mom is at Target and
we just spotted her so our goal right
now is to find her and to scare her can
you help me with that say yeah yeah okay
let's go do it
move found you good hello find any good
son oh there you there it is there's my
helper shower curtain Oh fun for whose
room I'm for that shows I'm down stick
I'm cool oh my goodness look at all that
fruit you get seriously it's like we
still have like a good month gonna have
like hot weather and the kids like
outgrowing their shirt as I found Oh fun
each kid to like does does that have one
in Calvin sighs so we can all be well it
would be cute can we do that can we get
one for all of us and then all of us
boys can wear them at the same time go
look
yes yes Calvin we're gonna be Captain
America together no I think it's funny
about us sometimes
it's not we just pull you guys out and
say let's start dancing no Jerry and I
were already dancing and they're like
let's show em overdoing it runs looking
outside Ellie found our barstools and
there they're attached to the wall so we
can't take them out but I'm so glad you
fit in them these are the barstools that
we got for a kitchen for Arthur Navy
yeah is it comfy from what I can tell
like that huh um we'll have to fix that
if it's not comfy on your back oh good I
was having such a hard time I asked you
guys I could read you what would you do
cuz I didn't want fabric of course but I
liked it I think I don't want to do well
thank God you finally listened it wife
done good do you think it'll still be
here when we come home any mine I'm on
oh those are the houses don't need
everything Ellie um we are dragging to
go say hi to a Ruby's kids real quick
before we take family pictures and there
is a turtle back there for the yard I
want it there's like these figurines
they look so cool I want a giant bear
Ellie that's why I want the turtles look
this back there
then there's the salon and a tractor and
there's the salon I would walk every day
even in the snow I would walk to and
from work and I loved it
they were just visiting our old stomping
grounds right before we take pictures it
just brings back so many fun memories
Jer
would be at work and we had help the one
car so it would be late at night and I'd
put Jackson in the car and I Drive to go
pick Jared up and he'd always be crying
she was tired well it was a long day at
work okay I was it was long yeah you are
crying yeah so fun love that I looked I
loved it here but I'm Ruben Kevin are
not home but their kids are and so
Jackson and us we're gonna go see our
cases and nephews and Jax's go see his
cousin Anna's Calvin's gonna play too if
he's not still asleep
say cousins where are you oh there
Johnny I get up hi I'm Jerry Jackson go
say hi why don't you guys look like
cheerful and brightest all your cute
outfit how are you dad look at this
beautiful heart I've never seen you play
on this one can you play me a song you
can't jump but you can jump I that's
cool
have you have a question come here
did your mommy cut your shorts yeah
guess what I'm not the only one Barney
Julie Ruby we all are pants and he cut
yours too I know the reason the only
reason why you're cutting your shards
are oh I'm gonna have to get some new
pants for the winter because I cut all
mine that's funny that's funny yeah I
got my toy leave me alone guys I got my
toy watch it Punk here's the
behind-the-scenes of us getting our
family pictures we already have our
family one which we got right when we
got here so cute now we're doing the
singles Calvin's wearing Jackson's old
bits which Jack's only wore for like a
week or so okay you got write it put it
between your legs projects only wore his
boots for like maybe I could we Kor too
because I caught him the wrong size then
I wasn't able to return him so I've
saved on Calvin they're so cute
doing so good he's hard to walk in the
boots with your horsey now run
you
you
them
get off get off it
it's a praying man I was like don't move
running take a camera and point it at
your life okay I don't even want to
point it up my leg
Jackson did you enjoy getting your
pictures taken did you have fun
good what about you Calvin did you have
fun yes I did it was so enjoyable and I
was so photogenic I had a really great
time good night
yes you did we just finished up pictures
and now we're going to dinner it's a
place called Joe Vera's we've never been
here before us so we're it's really good
hey want some water hey I would say
family pictures were a success I thought
that was fun
whoa Calvin so super I'm getting his
pictures taken ah you wanna be's device
we got some monkeys on the table who has
monkeys on the table bumped his head
we are scarfing down our food okay this
is a joke you're like you just watch as
you can we're like laughing and trying
to eat as fast as we can and trying to
keep as littleness as possible yeah
we're trying perfect dry and really
quick I'm like trying to scarf this down
we'll get there
hey Jackson do you know where we are
grandma yeah we're gonna go say hi to
Grandma real quick do you want to go
inside
Chris and Grandpa - it can't forget
about grandpa it is 9 o'clock but we're
gonna make a stop and say just real
quick
this is kobani and it's happen it's not
sleep though family pictures seeing
family I think our day is complete we're
gonna go ahead and say goodnight to the
daddy Bell which Jackson says his daddy
and that is mommy is what he said I was
so funny so funny you're so smart okay
thank you guys so much for watching and
we'll see you guys know Jackson say
bye-bye Grampa bye grandma bye bye
Calvin say bye-bye Calvin say bye-bye
