see I'll stay little forever thank you
well with date maybe I'll stay little
forever baby and forever
all right I know I am NOT the only
person that makes games with themselves
I'm getting my grocery list ready for
the grocery store and I wrote down to
the paper and Jared lofty said I said
thank you so much for giving in I'm
getting toilet paper before we actually
move two weeks ago I was like oh we only
have like four rolls of toilet paper
left and that I'm gonna try and make
that last until we move like a game and
we have one left so I better buy toilet
paper I think you underestimate my poo
penis no I'm like oh yeah absolutely
he's like yeah yeah potty turn the paper
toilet paper put on a good note
Jackson's woke up twice with a wet
diaper really dry diaper isn't that
amazing he's like really good
potty at night like what a good kid high
life so for the past week or two my dad
has been studying his butt off and
taking some tests for like
recertification for his business every
year he has to take like four or five so
he's been cramming for those and
studying really hard but he has finally
done and he a s--t all of them good job
dad I'm proud of you so now we're gonna
get his mind off of those things and
we're gonna go do some fun
father-and-son things just stuff that
dad and I like to do you have been such
a big helper you've been following me
he's been putting everything that I've
asked in there but guess what you just
put the cookies on there did you think
that you're being so good that you
wanted cookies you know what we're
having a little dinner tonight with
family so maybe we can't keep those
because you've been so good yeah
hey you ready to go yes I am I have a
cart full of food and I have a cart full
of babies are you lifting your feet up
good job kid we're almost there you did
so good you haven't even seen them I'm
going through and cleaning the blinds
and windows now so that I don't have to
do it in a month and so all of this row
of blinds has been cleaned but this has
not like look how dirty each individual
blind is they're so dusty fingerprints
are everywhere and then on this side
look how clean it is you guys know that
one of my favorite things to do is to
look at TVs where do you think I got it
from that likes to look at TVs too so
we're going in to Best Buy to look at
some TVs because we've got to get a TV
for the basement I think we're either
gonna take the one we have now and put
it in our bedroom in the new house but
we're gonna get a new TV for the
basement so I'm gonna see what they have
here so I think one thing that I figured
out is that there's no right time to buy
a TV because they're always coming out
with new things so you're always gonna
be one step behind I'm learning about
HDR oled displays the different sizes
like it's crazy some of these TVs are
just gorgeous
well that food looks delicious dad YUM
what TV would you pick I really
like this guy right here yeah this one
yeah I think you should get it ha and
then you can put it in my basement yeah
alrighty pops let's crank it to 11 you
ready
and break off the knob
yeah even though we ain't got money I'm
so in love with you honey and everything
I'll bring a chain in the morning when I
rise you bring it to your jaw to my eyes
and tell me everything's gonna be all
right well that was fun that was fun
thank you
oh you're welcome man thank you oh my
pleasure one of the greatest thrills of
a dad is especially this dad wasn't to
be able to play music with his sons
hmm and it's one of the best things ever
you never got to do that with your dad
no I I never did my dad wasn't very
musical then I think that's what
Heaven's like yeah
I kind of felt like that today you know
it's with your family it's doing things
that you love it's like music with your
family okay you got some here you're hot
you're so hot dad from all that music
you're on fire
no I think I think that's true and I
mean we were just sitting here just
having a good time just smiling and
laughing and playing music together it
made us feel happy and pulled out our
heartstrings and it was just wonderful
so and we're gonna do this a lot true
that he's thinking about it
there you go I know jerk came home from
his doubt he was showing me what songs
they want to see and Kelvin the mom you
have music in your body yeah he's moving
around like the moment music comes on he
stops and he ready this is kind of sad
to me I am taking off these little pinky
rings the I wore and when I was pregnant
and breastfeeding Kelvin I would take
them and switch em from this pinky to
the next pinky every time I needed to
feed him and it just was a good reminder
of like which side I was on defeat him
well I'm taking them off because I'll
show you because if you look really
close there it's like green it's like it
was like a cheapy ring it only lasted
for like a year but it's like ingrained
in my hand but I'm sad I don't know why
just cuz it was like I would look at
those and like smile I don't know I just
liked having them but this is my
grandma's ring and this is real ring so
it won't turn my finger green I've never
wanted to lose it like especially having
kids like earrings whatever like I just
I would not want to lose this one and I
put it on my finger today and that
actually is a pretty good fit like it's
pretty tight my grandma used to wear
this on her pinky but my grandma
actually had this ring made like out of
another piece of jewelry that she had a
lot of her jewelry was like that like
she'd have a watch I think this actually
came from a watch but she had this made
and it's just so pretty it's so pretty
but it actually fits my pinky really
well so I think I'm gonna go ahead and
wear it and I'll just make sure to be
really careful I'm kind of sad to get
rid of the other rings but I'm excited
to have this one on my hand that reminds
me my grandma I feel like the weight of
the world is on my shoulders right now
and that's because we're actually having
my parents over angel' and the kids over
for dinner and I am grilling the steaks
and I do fine I don't do that great but
I'm gonna have my dad and Joel with me
so they'll they'll make sure we're doing
good but I do I do well but it's always
nerve-racking to cook for other people
like outside of your wife and kids
because if a slightest thing goes wrong
you know you just want to make sure that
they're satisfied so I'm grilling
tonight and I'm just crossing my fingers
that all goes well it's just I want to
be a good driller my dad is a good
driller and I want to be like my dad
Haley I want to be like my dad
well I'm glad that he finally took it
from you I was washing the corn and
Jackson was trying to give Calvin a
cookie and Calvin would not take it and
so Jackson's like chasing him but
finally came to a senses
I'm just asking the corn getting
everything ready for dinner I smell meat
looks good Jared yeah jared is cooking
the meat and in here everything is
pretty much done we have corn on the cob
which is done and I am making for the
first time zucchini
cheesy rice from mom zucchini you have
made so many meals we've made a meaty
zucchini casserole and we made lasagna
so cool yeah we have taken advantage of
their zucchini patch in their backyard
which this just got done I haven't made
this before but it's like rice and
zucchini and cheese pretty simple that's
a good steak Jerry well I know the steak
isn't the best thing about your meal
it's actually the M&M plate that's it's
all on but the steak is okay really what
do you think Ellie sorry oh did you talk
about that good how's your steak guys I
haven't let any yet the Korus delicious
oh my God look at that Ellie did you put
the sugar in the corn little secrets
little secrets what you say dad I said
my steak is perfect oh good right like I
said I always get nervous but if they're
not lying we made a really great dinner
and now we're having a really great
dessert Oh
slip-sliding or underpants hey Captain
Underpants
you're right good time yeah I'm good
I've just got my cookie Jackson say
thanks mommy
I am definitely ready for bedtime right
now but first we're playing a game huh
this is one of our favorite games can oh
and you just rolled orange so what does
that say
it says jump four times okay one two
three four yeah okay can you roll it
again for me yeah okay what colors that
red okay grab a red card it says say
your name what is your name
and what's your middle name
hey Jackson Clark yeah pick up hey it
says make a sad face can you make a sad
face
can you drew a happy face can you do a
mad face well that's a pretty mad face
- did you know that sometimes in your
baby all I wanted to do is rock you hey
you wanted to go lay in your bed so I
like to rock you every chance I get
you have a good day oh that was your
favorite part about today Cody can kick
Jane my bad Cody okay you do that
so tomorrow we're taking family pictures
and I've noticed that I think Jackson's
looks are changing a lot again like you
got a chubby face how you look so cute
tally I guess smile lots for pictures
tomorrow that's a good smile say I'll
stay a little forever
a family date maybe I'll stay little
forever
hey see and there forever
I am so happy right now I am so I just
found I just found it le we have two
three strollers like an umbrella
stroller
I found it wrapped up tight like in the
mesh of the one that's in the garage oh
my gosh I thought I've lost my wallet
for like three days now and like I've
just been like upset about it like sick
about it because you have to get new
cards you have to get a new license you
have to get insurance cards you just
have to get so many things and they take
forever I was like I hate losing things
like that but I I thought I listed
forever I thought I lost her forever but
I got it and the world is at one again
Ellie is eating cookies and all is right
in the world I can't even tell you how
relieved I am right now my heart is
beating so fast right now okay you keep
watching The Bachelor I'm gonna do my
thing
now that I have my wallet okay thank you
guys for watching we'll see you the next
time bye
