you're doing so good keep going keep
going you're doing so great buddy
look at him go
good morning good morning we have not
gone out to bat for a really long time
no and we just found that new place just
a couple days ago we're like we should
go to breakfast there today so we here
wow we watch here for two years and we
are starting I'm just starting to find
like little shops that we really like to
eat at I love that a lot of the newer
shops in town have stuff like this like
the kids are playing at Domino's it's
just like a different feel and I really
like it it's really fun
I'm sorry I'm up hello Jackson can you
hear me
look I've had savory crepes and sweet
crepes but I've never had a savory
waffle
so that's Jared and this is mine mine
has like egg in it and bacon and then
we've got like a little yummy one for
the kids yummy
I said all right this is a monumental
occasion right here we've got the toilet
the poor he's like okay I'm going right
now okay let's see if he does it oh this
is a good one of the coolest things ever
are you having some malfunction they've
been sawing and doing all this
construction and Calvin is still asleep
this is Oh
now we woke up hey okay you want to see
what's going on you want to see our
hardwood floors what do you think Ellie
you ready for this I don't want to break
it I'm not gonna pull it open there's no
fun what do you think Calvary no it's
just fun to see all the new stuff that
you get yeah when we started talking
about buying or building a house at
Bonnie's like that is so fun because
that's about the time that they were to
start doing remodels and it's fun to see
them finish projects because ours is
just around the corner Joel and Jared
are just lifting up a couch they're
moving it in because Bonnie's floors are
done they're so pretty
j√∏rgen smaller it is a beautiful day
today it's kind of cloudy there's been a
little bit of rain but it's not too hot
so it feels perfect and Bonnie had the
genius idea she was just like let's have
a picnic at your house and I thought
that was a great idea so we've got the
whole family here we're just having a
picnic in the front yard well Jules on
the RipStik for the first time Wow look
at him go
they're finishing the hardwood floors
today and so we're gonna take a peek in
as soon as we're all done I'm just kind
of see where they're at but this is so
fun like this is what its gonna be like
when we're moving in or you know like
all day we had a few meetings this
morning with a tile guy and lots of
stuff going on today I'll write Olympic
gold medalist are you ready to go down
the main event go down the hill you've
been preparing your whole life for this
moment haven't you okay let's see it on
your marks get set go
good keep going keep going you're doing
so great buddy look at him go look at
this I love it this is the office look
how freaking good it looks
Jill do with a dance to dance well yeah
we good
you're part of the one year old club
with Calvin do you know that did you
know that you know this looks so
stinking good oh my gosh like how funny
is it that we're just like so excited
about the floor so exciting totally yeah
oh absolutely you need a floor to walk
on my goal while the kids are taking a
nap is to find a curtain covering for
our master bathroom and so far I kind of
like the curtains that go from top to
bottom that would be great for our
bathroom something like that maybe not
after Calvin and I cannot focus unless I
know he's asleep so I'm gonna show you
jack
your pinkie it's time for pet naps
Calvin has got to be exhausted he like
has not even slept at all today and it's
three o'clock but he's like happily
jumping and talking in his crib so I'm
just gonna let him he had a poopy diaper
so now he's happy I'm surprised he's not
up there screaming um but since he's
happy I'll just leave him and I am
continuing to look at window stuff Boni
and Joel are like the king and queen of
information of house stuff I'm like
where do you recommend getting like just
blinds and she's like you got a home
depot you could go to this but I go to
blinds comm because it fits wherever
your whatever size of one day you have
so when Jared wakes up with Jackson I'm
going to have him order all the blinds
and I'm on the hunt for actual curtains
for Calvin's room my friend Andrea has
sent over an option so we're gonna look
at a few others before I actually buy it
this buzz fun you want to go on a ride
say to infinity and beyond oh man you
guys just missed it there was a tornado
that came through our living room in our
kitchen Ellie you're cleaning up the
remains of the tornado
it was tornado Calvin he had the whole
plate he actually took a few bites ah
but he just grabbed the whole thing and
just threw it to the ground
we do have a good life and even if there
is food on the floor Hurricane Calvin is
a good hurricane and we love him very
family come sit down on the couch I have
something very special that I want to
show you the daddies on desk a supermom
grab a vote kids okay are you sitting
down
are you excited okay I already told
Ellie what it is but you guys are gonna
freak out
okay are you ready and I want to see
your reaction to it because that's
unique okay it's a little bit different
than you might think okay I may have
ordered a dr. pepper neon sign for above
the French doors on the inside so you
don't see when you come in but you know
okay so I want to see your reaction so
I'll keep it on you okay
because it's unique it's me on how did
you find that do you like it how'd you
find it
do you like it I love it I got you where
did you find it well let me show you
what else I got no I look it's so pretty
yeah don't touch it
no that's cute and then from this one
too where did you find these did you
find the website I just I got them taken
care of I know how much you love this
one okay yeah you're so outcome Oh Jared
ARF that's so cute so when we went to
Disneyland it was really late you're
only like the frame we were all really
tired and we walked into the store
usually the some of the fun artwork for
the kids play area we saw this I loved
it just it was overwhelming was late
kids her time the kids were exhausted
yeah and I was like every wanted Alice I
really wanted to get this what we did it
and then I was kind of upset when I been
patient and just went and gone back and
McGavin Jarrod how'd you find it I had
some help you know who you are
did you love it because one side is
gonna be superheroes and the other side
can be like Disney you're welcome hey
surprise I love surprises
I love giving surprises that's what I
love to do is I love giving surprises
one other thing I forgot to tell you
what is that this is the last one they
pulled it off the wall this is what we
looked at this is the exact one that we
looked at and you couldn't find it
anything yeah and I think it's special
because like Toy Story was like
Jackson's first favorite movie and they
still love it and watch it is it your
favorite movie all the different
characters on that so there's woody
there's the alien there's crush there's
buzz there's Finding Nemo cars yeah
these are the ones that we watch on
repeat yeah do you like it to Jackson
he's good people is Wow tell me who they
are
who's that who's that
and who's that blue one good job
who's this uh-huh who's this that's
right
and who's this who's this is that
Monsters Inc yeah that's Mike Wazowski
hidden like on this show
how funny is that that's awesome
doesn't it smell so good the wood floor
is checked and done we were all up on
his house hanging out and I was like
because mom and dad were to come and
show mom and dad the house and I was
like why don't the boys put the kids to
bed so we can like enjoy walking around
the house
thank you for going nuts and were like
yes so this was like perfect
so I'm show Mom and Dad the house okay
behind the scenes of what grandpa Griff
does for a selfie selfie with his ice
cream cone thanks for buying us ice
cream mom this is the best idea thanks
for cutting bunny yeah so yummy I'm so
glad you guys see my home so fun we are
exhausted I'm ready for bed
I'm ready to rub your neck my I told
Jude ever since went tubing like the
front I might like it hurts our muscles
Oh throbbing headache
well I'm gonna fix that with these magic
hands did you know how Michigan's my
hands are magical I won't rub your neck
and I will make you feel better
physically with these thank you guys so
much for watching Jared co-wrote maybe
we should chop my hair that'll make my
head feel better thanks for watching
because it's heavy don't chop your hair
please you're always get the edge once
it's on there yeah yeah whenever you
grow along but you need to keep it as it
is because I love it
we'll see if you all keep it along if
you cut that oh I need a shave so bad
it's the worst end right here - that's
that's you know that's what I need to do
okay thanks for watching guys bye
