hey you what are you doing are you on my
leg are you are you going for a ride is
that what you're doing you having fun
huh
we are doing family pictures on Saturday
and so I'm trying the boys as new fall
and winter pants on and for family
pictures and body actors trying pants on
the other day for Kody and I text her
and I was like ah Sh gosh blue jean
skinny jeans they're 10 bucks and so
this is what I have Jackson right now
this is a 3t turkey turnaround and this
is what the back looks like his other
ones fit or the he who or last year fit
a lot better I think he'll grow into
these just a hair but I like how they
fit their legs I think they fit really
cute but I think the two-year-old is
just too small now now you're into a 3
year old
3t you want a prize so bad you have to
go potty a few more times okay it's hard
now that you're not wearing a diaper
your pants don't stay up is good did you
underwear xarna stuffy oh you got your
let me see these ones are bad a little
baggy turn around I don't know what I
should do I just thought that last year
he was wearing the 2t bottoms and they
were just too little I actually think we
have I we have a 2t coming in this it
shouldn't come first cuz I mean ordered
the three T's oh I think you all need a
2t in that one let me see you guys that
good don't run away from me huh
don't drive away from me those look good
on you Wow I love them it's definitely a
modern traditional feel like this is
lips here yeah squared
yeah this is awesome I kind of like one
through and I like kind of did what I
wanted with these and then mix them a
little bit of what Ellie wanted so this
is gonna be awesome so you see this here
this is where the the rod is gonna come
out so they don't have that right there
so we're just up here at the house we
just met with the landscaping guy are
they really most of our uh yeah look at
that
and they're gonna paint them so they
match that trim which is already up
there that's so cool and the thing is
like I feel like everything is a good
mix of what we like it's a good mix of
modern and traditional so what I was
saying is we just met with the
landscaping guy in basically just went
over what we want for the lawn and he's
like doing a splash but I was like oh my
gosh that'd be fun yeah and then like
well we can have a water feature next
year hot tub maybe that's cool I think
it's been really fun to work with a lot
and especially this guy are several the
workers√≠ we've worked with that have
like taken on their great creativity you
can tell that they really love their job
yes we could do this and this egg was
like he was not pressure he was just
telling us that these are ideas and I
really like them I like them you can
tell when someone enjoys their job and
does a good job when they're going into
it and they're like well I think this
would be a good idea oh my hannahmont
freaking closet that was way faster than
I thought okay
do you think that's cool this is awesome
look and they did that so quick this is
up for all your fear like long dresses
and stuff and then you've got like your
shirts on both they're originally they
had this whole thing was Joseph and
instead will the feel Barbara hear you
yeah so you have a bar right here and a
bar right here that's a Sheltie mm-hmm
where you kind of want to leave these
open if you want to like display
anything on here if you want to put
another mirror right there you can
thank you that's not so I'm gonna put my
cute little jewelry box if you like on
my grandma's I'd enjoy like maybe your
perfume and stuff there's tons of stuff
that we can put in there yeah I think of
this awesome I think it looks great in
here all right Ellie I'm tasking you
with the test you have a very important
mission today and it's up to you to
accomplish this mission okay okay
Ellie's got to go to the tile store and
just change some things around okay and
this guy has to go take a nap so I'm
gonna put him down for a nap okay good
mom kiss there's always hiccups but when
you guys let your home your hiccup was
the carpet and our big hookup this week
has been tile and everything is pretty
much stayed the same so instead of our
laundry room tile that we're gonna do
this is what we're doing instead which
is the same thing it just is a different
design and then in our master bath like
that really pretty like gold design like
this is maybe in the bath we scratched
that and we're just gonna leave at
regular tile regular gray tile in the
shower but in the little niches where
our shampoos go and for jarrod night we
were gonna do a his-and-hers with that
gold really cool tile but instead we're
gonna do this which I actually like a
lot better and I think Jarrod's gonna
like it too because it's just more
simple and mom loves it and it's totally
me it's totally you came alive when you
saw these it was fun mm-hmm yeah this is
gonna go where my shampoo goes in my
shower and this is gonna go in Jarrod's
so his and hers and no one's ever really
gonna see it's in our shower our
shampoos gonna cover it and we were
gonna have something like this in there
but this was a lot more money and it's
gonna take eight weeks to get here and
instead this is just a good fit for us
as well and it won't take eight weeks to
get here and it's it's not gonna break
my bank huh so how fun are you happy
good good you doing well the hardwood
floor
I came in to open the doors for him and
everything and they were like hustling
they actually just left Bonnie's house
versus the funniest thing we have the
same hardwood floor guy they finished up
all over there now they're at our house
to do the hardwood and they're like
we're gonna work as fast as we can we
want to get as much done as we can today
if we can finish today that's awesome if
not we'll come tomorrow and like we're
just gonna work through laughs sounds
like let me bring you guys pizza like
let me bring you lunch so I'm gonna go
grab them some pizza so they can keep
working so they don't have to skip out
on lunch knock knock oh my goodness
gracious so good I'm okay to walk on
that oh my gosh what do you want me to
put your pizza guys hey you what are you
doing are you on my leg are you are you
going for right is that what you're
doing you having fun come here having
fun young man look at that smile they
missed you hon cake you kiddos we are
gonna check the mail we're gonna check
the mail and my neck probably from
yesterday's belly flop hurts so bad like
all day it's been tender and I thought
well it's weird like I don't have a sore
throat and then it clicked with me
because of the lake so my neck hurt
really bad right now I get whenever I
move it it's just tight hurts so dad and
I have just been sitting here in the
office getting some work done he's at
his desk I'm at my makeshift desk with
my Dublin dr. pepper
ooh stuff is sweet sweet nice I actually
just heard that they closed
the last place that where they make
Dublin dr. pepper like the real sugar
stuff so that's kind of set anyway
that's completely unrelated so it's been
about four hours since I've been to the
house where they were doing the hardwood
floors I'm gonna leave here gonna go see
the hardwood floors because I think Elly
is going to flip when she sees them it's
I I think they're almost done I don't
know we'll go we'll go and check it out
but I'm gonna do that I'm gonna go home
and I think Joel and I might do
something from the night oh my gosh look
at that that's a little Dutch door fun
is that that's gonna go under the stairs
in the basement for the kids so they can
open up their little door and if we need
to we can open out the whole thing isn't
that great so fun I'm kind of excited
about kind of nervous to see the
hardwood floors it's gonna be cool you
ready to go in should we go oh my god
Ellie is going to freak out when she
sees this oh my gosh we have hardwood
floors isn't this awesome
holy crapola oh my gosh look aren't
those cool oh my gosh I just noticed
that these are hollow should we put
something inside of those what do you
think well that's I mean honestly like
should we put like a time capsule or
something like that would be kind of
cool but in there fill it with something
I don't know I had no idea they would be
hollow all the way through what did you
say
Jackson walked in with his rocks his
pail of rocks and said thank you so much
I said what can I do
rock in there will you help Anam cake go
get him and go help him
hello so cute so appreciative oh no what
happened we gotta fill your rocks back
up for just getting dinner ready I am
making frozen pizza so we're doing for
dinner tonight why we helping put rocks
in the pail for any of those who have
watched sees very little you know that
he loved drugs he still does yesterday
like it was hilarious we were walking
and he had to stop and pick up two big
rocks that's what he did he loves them
you guys are just my little boys playing
I can't even believe it my toenails are
so gross you you look at that diaper so
gross so it's bedtime we're all dirty
that was scary that was really scary I
was driving home from visiting the house
there's like four roundabouts on the way
between my house now and our house were
building all of a sudden I got this urge
this sudden like you need to stop like
you need to stop it was right at the
roundabout
yeah you just have to yield that
roundabouts and so I was like you need
to stop and so I stopped and I was just
like this is like weird what am i doing
out of nowhere a car comes in the wrong
way speeding through the roundabout uh
yes and I was just like oh my gosh like
these roundabouts aren't big and they're
one lane only and someone came in
speeding through the wrong way like I
was so surprised that guy was happen
that fast I didn't even have time to
honk like it was crazy yeah yeah no it
was an adult like the detective no no
they weren't texting but I was just like
that yeah that's Gary we all need to be
like even us if we all need it I think
these little things are just reminder to
be extra careful now
back to why I pulled out the camera I
wanted to film and tell you the freaking
house is freaking gorgeous Ellie I wish
I could have come but I didn't want the
kids to fall asleep in the car cetera
what about like at that time you were
gonna flip when you see it I do want to
see a picture I took a panoramic picture
like you were gonna flip are you ready
yeah I'm gonna go up tomorrow they got
like you're all done what do you think
that looks so good they like all done
did they do the mud room not yet they
still have to do the mud room and the
pantry in my office please
yes it's it's beautiful Ellie it's
beautiful it looks stinking good I'm
excited to go see it tomorrow they'll be
done tomorrow there's not crazy done
Lane yeah but for miles
yep I think the no puffs are great
they're beautiful like it's so cool I
love it I'm excited to slide across the
floor by myself
lay tell oh my gosh look at myself I am
a filthy filthy mess Joel and I went
four-wheeling today and it was so dusty
and crazy but so much fun we had a blast
I just got home kids are in bed Ellie is
asleep so we are gonna call it a night
thank you guys so much for watching we
hope you have a wonderful day and we'll
see you guys tomorrow
bye hope you didn't get dusty let's
clean you up
Oh dusty again okay this time it's for
real bye
