can I have a high five too young man yes
okay come give me one no I don't need
your bean bag I want a high five okay
maybe next time I'm not worthy of his
high five
- - is that a train track he's starting
to nod his head more and I love it okay
should we go get in the van okay get in
the van are you ready to go okay climb
up let's get in your seat are you ready
to rock mama
here you go let's go have to make a pit
stop
you didn't even pee I'm so proud of you
they're in the car for like an hour and
he didn't go pie said please don't be so
we made a pit stop mom or you come to
mine surprise
don't close your eyes close them yes
grandma's here Here I am smiling from
ear to ear right now like I am so happy
and it's not just cuz we're eating lunch
I that was fun too right so we're here
at Zubaz and we're sitting with our
friend Hannah Hannah and Ellie have been
going back and forth on Twitter
Anna and Ellie have been on Twitter back
and forth for I don't know a couple
months now would you say I tweeted a
while ago and I was like is any of you
guys like designers that can help me
with an idea that we have for the kids
room we want superheroes down in the
kids room
and Hanna is an amazing graphic artist
and we have these late and I want to
show to you is that kosher we just give
it away right now shall we do the reveal
okay she says she felt bad printing the
four superheroes because she knew the
Foxton would like the home so she gave
Boston one how cute is that body stops I
know she's gonna be mom squealing right
now so this is oh that looks so good I
love like the retro comic look to like
it how awesome and if you can't see
there's like a textured background it's
so cool and we got spider-man and an
Iron Man
are you excited for your new playroom so
fun you and count thank you
not very often or ever that I sit in the
back and it's cause me yeah it's fun
hi so we were talking after lunch of how
cool social media has been you know it
was fun that we were able to meet Hannah
not only a viewer but graphic designer
she was able to help us with stuff with
our home mom just got on Facebook within
the last year she's reconnected with all
of our cousins the previous job that
Jared had before you to kind of even led
him into YouTube his boss hired him
because he met him on on Google+ and
then he ran into him in person and then
said hey want to work for me and so
Jared was working for him for a year and
that job like that helped us so much it
was right after jared graduated and so
it really I mean it was a huge blessing
that we even had that do that we even
all from the internet got like something
as simple as like hanging out with
people on line got me a job and led us
to where we are right now the internet
it's a scary place it's a really cool
place it's you know it's it's everything
and I'm grateful we've had a lot of
positive feelings come from social media
thanks for lunch
I love bringing you around have a good
day it was a quick trip but it was down
mm-hmm right struggle run our other
errands oh so we just got here we were
pulling down this part on Main Street
that I guess man then I think we haven't
noticed because I have some dresses that
are gonna be like tailored to fit a
little bit better and they have a
historic landing for kids they have like
this waffle cool waffle place that I was
like oh that the Bluebird candy another
dance floor right there and Jared's like
Ella give me the address and like no
there's too many cool things to look at
I think we're here though yes I think
we're here we get here Logan doesn't
have anything like that kind of stuff so
having a baby store is cool you should
go look in there and we should walk down
okay
do you smell it the building this just
smells like old building and it told me
reminds me of one of my favorite jobs I
had that social media job it's not funny
I liked it though it didn't there's just
like oh yeah okay I think it looks cute
on you though hey Jackson come here come
here for a minute daddy wants to talk to
you for just a minute come here and I
want to talk to you look at me in the
face look at my eyes
you've been playing outside a lot
Jackson and I were just outside riding
the bike around and he was having a
blast so he's all sweaty I love it
did you race did you win good so I have
to say like I am proud of Jackson we
have been in the car driving all day
today making just like stops here and
there and he has not had one accident
he's gone the potty every single time
he's needed to and he's been amazing
it's been great Jackson you've done
awesome high-five and good vibe
good job Calvin you've been awesome too
and that's the thing is like we always
hate like driving too much going to too
many places and not letting the kids get
out too much so we've kind of have been
letting them play outside a lot but
Calvin has been good today too you've
been such a good boy haven't you can I
have a high five too young man yes okay
come and give me one don't give me one
no I don't need your bean bag I want a
high five okay maybe next time boys we
got the kids to bed it my eyes are glued
to the men's pole-vault final like this
is so crazy
it doesn't look like the conditions are
great at all in fact I think it was
earlier so like the Matt whatever you
land on it you just get soaking wet your
pole is always wet
just crazy what these guys are pulling
with and it brings back so many awesome
memories of competing and that's why I
love it's just like do it again so bad
oh good clearance I think he will take
silver or bronze I'm hoping the American
takes silver and I think the Franz
pole-vaulter love NEA
I think he'll take first just cuz he has
the world record indoors so crossing my
fingers but I think I'll have a good
result yes yeah yes yes but real quick I
do not condone throwing your head back
when you pull that's a very dangerous do
you want to talk about what happened
today Ellie I had to take a few hours
and just like think and process like how
the day went today was so good but I've
talked with the Builder and the tile guy
and things have been like everything has
gone very smoothly with the house we've
had a little bump in the road which is
always to be expected but I'm a little
bund and I'm pretty sure we're gonna be
moving in at the end of September maybe
even the beginning of art I'm not sure
well that we don't even know us I don't
really want to talk about all that much
just there was a little delay with
ordering the tile there's a
miscommunication I don't even know where
it was that I had told them what tile I
wanted forever ago and they never made
the order I think that was like one of
the first things that we did with the
house yeah we do it beginning of the
summer so I'm just a little flustered
today honestly like this is something
that I've been trying to do for a long
time is like control my feelings and
control my emotions like not let
something like dig at the pit of my
stomach because it's something that I
can't control and I feel like I did a
really good job today like I just I
didn't want to talk about it and I just
wanted to like let it soak in for a
minute before like I got upset and I
feel like I did a really good job so
high five to myself Ellie I totally
agree with you and the thing if you guys
don't know about Ellie is that like she
when she has something set in her
mind like when she's like this is you
know this is what I want this is what
we've ordered this is it when it's set
in her mind if something goes a little
bit different it kind of pulls at our
strings a little when she like didn't
have a hard time with it today I was
like wait you okay are you are you
serious right now it was just a little
frustrating and I would think it would
frustrate anyone saying oh just kidding
yeah you're gonna do it much later and
I'm gonna inconvenience my landlord and
you know Andrea that's helping me set
the house up and it's just a lot of
dominoes right now that are being like
falling down so I don't even know the
plans all I know is it's frustrating
right now with the house and
communication so hopefully we can get it
solved hopefully we can get it fixed I
am like really impressed with how well
you're taking it though
Thanks wrap happens and that's why it's
um-- a cuacamole and chips at the end of
the night and you eat it all that's why
you do that so you feel good about it
well can you guys yeah really like we're
fine we're fine you know we're good cool
thank you guys so much for watching
we'll keep you updated for sure in the
next few days and we'll see you guys
tomorrow a fun fun day planned tomorrow
