I love watching older movies that I used
to watch as a kid with the kids I'm not
even sure forever the rescuers do you
like this movie and she's a little sad
right now huh this is the first time
Jackson has seen this I have not
mastered time
Calvin flip upset it's nap time right
now but guess what we're going to church
he is already oh your shoes no luck so
the shoe that he's wearing we picked
these out for Jackson Jackson or these
for church and I bought him when I was
at Bonnie they're kind of ugly I kind of
don't love them they look like little
witches but that's what we've got that's
what you're wearing
they're not really that bad I just like
to laugh when I'm with Bonnie having a
love to brush your teeth dance party
we're ready for church should we go this
is like dessert you know I love dessert
for breakfast um we're just heading to
church I'll have enough hands or close
the door okay but this it it's a salted
caramel yogurt or yeah yogurt it's
really good I got my routine there's
hair glue that's it you're gonna drink
breakfast see what we're having on the
way to church
look see ya the older kids up and left
yeah younger ones huh is that what
happened as they all left you these kids
are enjoying enjoying very much so look
at how messy this is popsicles Kelvin
how's your after church popsicle I
cannot even believe I did not get you
undressed before you ate that look
ice cream everywhere everyone is just
enjoying a Sunday afternoon little snack
we're just resting hanging out a family
that we usually do Sunday's were just
like chill just rest hang out church was
good it's fun to see family hi busted
yeah so we've been playing outside
getting eaten popsicles and just having
fun on the little hoverboards and
everything and every time we do that I
bring out the skateboard just to like
practice a little bit I said I wanted to
get in try skateboard so I I've been
practicing - in my Ollie's and I feel
like we need to have some like video
playback for me to get to the next level
so I think Joel's gonna video me I'm
gonna try an ollie at least four feet in
the air that's what I'm going for at
least four feet I think you should all
leave the fence just straight for it I
could do that yeah that was good that
was good I feel like I'm not being a
really good representative of shonduras
skate squad I've got to practice more
let me know what I'm doing right or
wrong in these situations cuz I want to
go higher I've got to get higher what's
that from
oh it's sonic gotta go faster or the
flash run Barry run skate Jared skate
we're home this is the place sure we go
clean so clean this place up no this is
the first time so this is the deal this
is what we're doing right now so this
week they are laying hardwood floor and
our house is going to feel like a home
so different I think they're also doing
some tile this week too yeah so the gym
floor and tile and what happens is we
sat down when we first talked about the
house and they said if you do certain
cleanings or whatnot they take it off at
the price of the home like when the guys
come in we could sweep all the outlets
stuff up or whatnot and but what we're
doing right now is the tubs because
they're laying tile this week and Bonnie
actually told me when they did her tub
the guys will come in and they'll tile
but if you notice inside the tubs
there's nails and screws and stuff in
here and she said that they didn't clear
that out or they weren't very careful
when they were tiling so when the guys
were stepping in the tub and had their
equipment in they just weren't aware
they didn't you know see or they didn't
care about the nail so when they're
moving around those nails are scratching
all of the stuff so we're gonna clean
this up so we're doing that so we don't
have any scratches and the tub looks and
feels nice yeah cuz Bonnie's tub she
said she can see scratches in her tub
because they like tore apart so I'm just
gonna go through real quick there was
only two tubs anyways right now I'm just
gonna just clean all that stuff out and
put it in the back and it's always not
just to come over here and like and this
like the first time we're cleaning our
new house
you're hurting my tummy thought her
these guys really hard just so excited
you thought I'm strong these muscles so
Jared just said wouldn't want you do I
said watch I like I don't know if I'm
the only person but like I am happy with
my day like when I wake up and like I do
the dishes and I pick up but I just
think it's fun and I think it to be
really fun when we move into like do a
really thorough cleaning of like dusting
and cleaning before any of our stuff in
but that's gonna be the tenth day like I
just want to be like me I just want to
kind of like take my time and like enjoy
it when we move it out of our place we
obviously have some help with like
cleaning and getting some stuff moved
out but the week before we moved out
Ellie was cleaning and sorting and
organizing things like thoroughly like
crazy she just loved that and makes her
feel good so I'm not gonna take that
away from you Ellie I won't take it away
from you if this is what you want to do
as your lifetime what Jackson's a lot
right here
and he's gonna slide down you realize
he's not the only one who's gonna do
that I mean you don't realize like how
much like dust comes from the sheetrock
and the nails and screws and stuff I
mean they sand a ton of stuff and
they've come through and swept this you
know from all the sanding but you just
don't realize how much is it's there
until you actually are doing it it's
gonna be crazy when they lit the wood
I'm excited
well hey this is so funny but I'm
thinking like I'm such a kid like I'm
such a little kid I'm thinking like okay
this is a perfect length for here for me
to slide in on my socks jerry maguire
style is that the movie with with Tom
Cruise Jerry Maguire read slides back
worth dananananana and I have a vine
yeah Oh in the net the squeeze and you
know I was pregnant of Calvin and we had
we had no idea I wasn't feeling well
that day well it was like a day or two
it we found that very pregnant it's
funny that we can go back and my brother
Larry I remember taking the back
I remember the tucks like I'm fair I'm
like little and I remember I was like
right now it's noon and it was like I
was like blood like says pregnant I'm
gonna have the yoga challenge video in
the description and I'll see if I can
like get the vine in there but that's
what I think about with hardwood floor
we've got to move in here and like what
four three four weeks is that what it is
five I think we're gonna be moved in
like September 20th I don't think any
later than that yeah that's probably the
latest because I think where as saying
the sex is back then - week of September
but don't call me on that how did I just
now notice this under the stairs like
look it's like all like nice and framed
out and there's still our storage under
there this is the nicest most expensive
dog house our dog could ever ask it's
it's a doggy Potter closet look at that
it's like cuz the garage is insulated
and stuff like holy cow that is so cool
I didn't even notice like well in the
fit the thing about labs is they love
like closure closure so like they love
to be in the kennel they love to be in
like places like that so that's that'll
be fine he'll love to go in there that's
fun or she yeah how fun I'm getting
really excited like I still feel like is
this even like I'm sure
I'm so excited like I'm so ready to have
a backyard I think that's what I'm
really excited for is like have a yard
for me and the kids to run around in
which is not we're putting our names out
on the front of the house and this is
the J yeah that way everyone can find us
I love it
love it they're almost done with the
rock to their I think they'll be done
Monday there we go look at that we're
driving home I just wanted to show you
Jackson's artwork from church today I
thought it was so cute do you want to
know something interesting I was sitting
here just thinking I should probably end
the vlog and then I noticed something
about our vlogs as we've been looking
through footage I feel like the past few
days weeks I don't know has been a
little bit gray mirror or more grainy
than normal and I think I finally
figured out the reason why on the canon
g7x mark - there's a neutral density
filter that you can turn on or off I
think ours was on I just turned it off
so if this clip looks different than the
rest of the day let me know in the
comments that would be great still
getting kind of used to this camera
which is kind of crazy but anyway thank
you guys so much for watching the video
we hope you have a wonderful start to
your brand new week and we'll see you
guys tomorrow thanks for watching bye
