you seriously watch Jenna he is so
stinking cute right now look at them
just chatting on his face got his hand
on his mama he's safe and protected
good morning guys today we are starting
off with a monumental occasion
Calvin you are getting your very first
haircut his hair is finally long enough
Ellie can you believe that so we're
getting kind of pictures in a week
uh-huh
and Calvin's hair does it need to be a
cut no there's a few straight long hairs
around the ear and like if you use your
comb and you push all the way up it's
just the smallest little amount of like
this long hair so he's really just and
she total baby trim and like this back
here I don't want to like cut but I'm
just it's just the facts all the hair
he's gone oh then he's doing good but
Jackson's first haircut was like four
months five I don't know sue me yeah any
other full haircut like I use trimmers
like see this spot I'm not cutting that
much for like this is longer than that
yeah just trimming it to make it all
he's doing really good don't you think
yeah sitting there yeah he's almost done
and I just have one more trim and I'm
done
we're on line Calvin's texture hair is
so different than Jackson's I guess like
strong hair it feels like it's so thin
it's just baby baby baby hair look at me
huh you want to see my hair I like your
hair I see looks really nice thank you
so much Calvin your you have a few
little trends and Jackson case to your
face
Jackson give them the smooth that looks
good cool and then the back is all
packed look at all that room still to
spare we are going on an adventure today
are you ready Jer I'm ready to rock are
you yes so before we go on our big
adventure today we had to stop by the
house and see what they dropped off
because they dropped off some amazing
stuff would you look at our doors look
at this this is exactly what we ordered
Ellie this is exactly what we want
the trim look at all of that molding and
stuff isn't that cool
this is what I wanted just boom straight
in I love it there are always bugs and
tug give me give me this is what happens
when you have a house at least these
words are better than the words that
were written on my mom's house okay at
least it's nice and not swear words but
that's it things because people come
into the house not watch but I can
actually talk to the Builder today
because you have a lot of stuff coming
in this week especially the tile this is
about the time where they start walking
the house up anyway but that's a bummer
just like loving this room which I've
never even took two seconds to look in
this is a this is your brains this is
what's gonna make your house run I
should appreciate this little room more
you're a good man that's really
appreciated we don't work with this so
we don't read it Joe works with it so he
looks at indices like wow look at this
we made the drive to Bear Lake and of
course we had to start off with our pre
lake ritual and you know what that is is
getting burgers and milkshakes we're at
Laveau's and they have a dbest milkshake
so we're here having some lunch before
we hit the pool or the lake yeah we got
a peanut butter and we got a chocolate
banana mm-hmm
good you seriously loves Jenna
he is so stinking cute right now look at
them just chatting on his feet he's got
his hand on his mama he's safe and
protected hold you so Jackson whenever
he asked me he says will you hold me he
says I hold you cuz I was like do you
want me to hold you he gets his pronouns
mixed up the orthey I brought - I got
yes sir for the first time he said he
said baby spoon your life he said that
you're oh so God's are you yeah that's
so different cuz he always says hold you
Thomas the Train yeah welcome to Bear
Lake look how beautiful it is out here
we're in our little sunscreen we've got
our chairs we brought our popcorn yes it
had a safety be safety belt on it - we
got some more chairs in our umbrella and
we of course have dr. pepper in the
cooler are you guys ready to have some
fun today Jackson Calvin he's already
shirtless look at all that SH and on him
he's never done he's never seen Sam
before she's like I need to put it
everywhere everywhere okay are you gonna
take the GoPro on his first ride okay
you take its first first Rae
you
you
Jackson has never been one to be like
give me the camera or like I want to
hold it he asked sometimes he's never
been like his adamant
Calvin on the other hand is adamant like
he has thrown a fit over the GoPro and
we finally just gave it to him because
we're like fine if he's the perfect size
he can hold on to because he loves doubt
for him oh yeah just inside you can hold
it for a minute look she knows how to
turn it on yeah he turns it on and off
so has people gonna do that
there
you
so here's a quick little story we went
to the grocery store today to get some
green from snacks for here at the lake
and I saw some goggles I was like oh
yeah Ellie and I don't have some goggles
so I'm gonna buy two pairs one for each
of us so if we want to go underwater we
can well I opened them up and sure
enough adjusting the size very
delicately they both throw so in order
to go underwater I've got to use the
boys they work they work pretty good I'm
impressed
it's on me like the inside section of my
eye not around it which is all right
harder for sure
two hours later kids are all bathed
getting ready for bed probably have a
later bedtime today because the kids
have it late nap in the car on the way
home but Jackson right when he got out
of the bathtub what did you ask to do he
says uncle potty
so he went howdy you got to put a little
sticker on your book oh there's so many
of them to choose that one okay yeah
okay can you put on one of here not
right here perfect high five
thank you for going are you listening
for something he said on me what was
that like it's my tummy
it's my ro and I kind of find out you
can hear my tummy sits like growling
where are you huh are you hungry
Oh says that her ro whoo hey buddy
how are ya you want the camera Calvin we
are putting our foot down don't worry
you'll get your chance to vlog I am just
watching the men's povel qualification
rounds there's two videos going so I'm
switching back and forth between the two
and I've noticed that like all of the
guys are coming up short on their vault
so I'm wondering if there's like a
headwind or something like that I don't
know if any of you are at the arena
right now it would be awesome if you let
me know
so men's pole vault if you don't know if
there's like my sport that's like what I
did in high school in college is I
freaking love it I can't wait for the
finals what do you do it are you
climbing oh my goodness gracious the day
huh it's like he's like I can do it I
did it you are climbing up the table
that's too much oh you just want to
touch the keyboard
he's a boy after my own heart he loves
his technology I love to call
not as much as you you see my hair looks
so great right now is that the lighting
please say it's the lighting out I just
I stepped on something okay there goes
it's it's just the lighting oh my gosh
like it looks so great
no what's weird is like we're gonna be
on YouTube long enough to show like the
whole progression of my gray hairs that
were trying to say our life you know
it's just crazy
well and I think it's cool that we
always say this all the time but I like
going back we can see our kids tiny
little babies I just ain't about the I
know all the time like I told them I
said on his own rock shelf in his room I
wanted for not a picture of his eggs
well that's the thing I do you which a
calculated you know like I do I just I I
remember that all it's a real egg I just
I remember that day it was my birthday
and I just was heartbroken and that's
like the cool thing about YouTube is
like we have a whole infertility
playlist like the whole story you can
all have a link down below but from the
very beginning the whole struggle cry a
lot I want that is awesome I'm a bigger
baby than my kids but I don't care if
you cry a lot than I am like a weeping
willow cousin honestly I've been crying
at um lately if they're happy tears my
goodness I'm just proud of my family oh
you're so you a gray-haired man okay
thank you guys are dry G we'll see you
guys tomorrow we appreciate you so hope
you had a wonderful weekend we'll see
you later bye
please that popcorn brings your bag
popcorn is made out of like air no it's
made of corn kernels stop
