okay okay
I love mornings where I get up I get
ready and I'm good for the day but I
also love waking up and like working
like I just filled up our recycling bed
they came yesterday and it's full like
oh we have so much stuff so many boxes
that I just like cut up put in there
lots of cleaning and here we're to go
drop some boxes off from the kids's
place tougher than your house we're
using the Meachem storage house to store
some of our stuff mom and dad like where
you put all this stuff you can use our
basement thank you will do so we're to
go drop a few things off there do lots
of errands cuz if we get our work done
today you can go to the fair tonight oh
we're gonna go to the very good the
calve is a good husband he got taken out
you guys have been good now so like what
Ellie was mentioning before about like
waking up and getting started with your
date I think that's really cool that she
said that we just finished that book the
miracle morning and it's really
inspiring and motivating and it's cool
to see her like implement those things
it kind of just get your energy flow and
it puts a smile on your face and you're
ready to tackle the day and get going
with your activities and the thing that
I'm going to do right now is I'm
actually going on a podcast I don't
think I've ever been on a podcast before
I'm going on with Tim Schmoyer so I'm
really excited and I'll let you know how
it goes it'll be it'll be fun and I'll
let you know as soon as it's up to but
I've got my breakfast here I've got my
microphone ready to rock and roll ladies
and gentlemen boys and girls this is
Jeremy come on the podcast blah blah no
that's not how I stuff I don't sound
like that
sometimes I do um I'll let you know how
it goes I got my workout for today
I'm like out of breath so this is the
kids is stuff for their playroom
these are shelves that we're going to go
above these and use like beanbag pillows
for downstairs from the new house
I'm like out of breath we're gonna have
like a little camera like for the kids
to play with like cameras on the shelves
and pictures of like cousins and stuff
there and that'll be like one little
corner for the play area but thank you
so much for letting us use your basement
barn dad for that for now so in about
five weeks off take it and put it in our
own house light
yeah good job look all those parties
high-five now you can grab one of these
which one
there's Lion King there's Toy Story or
dory
which one you're gone case you open it
up whoa you it's this scary little bird
huh what do you think yeah that one's
kind of funny don't put it in here and
you can hold them around and when you
get all your prizes can have a box full
of prizes I am so proud of Jackson he
has gone potty a ton over the last few
days and I'm really proud of him this is
just from like a little bit of last
night I don't even care how many
stickers he puts in the box he's just
kind of having fun but he went one two
three four five times then he got a
prize oh well we're all done with the
podcast that was actually really cool
and I think one of the things that you
always take away after doing something
like that is you like a couple things
one gosh why didn't I say that when I
had the chance I always think about
things like oh I should have said this
or I should have said it this way but
the other cool thing with Tim is that
he's done this for a long time he has
such a cool perspective on things
what we do are like really similar I
feel like we have like the same like
life mission and so it's cool to hear
him talk about that him talk about his
family and the human connection and
relationships and all of that and the
relationship that we have and how
grateful I am for it and and that's
that's one of the things that I walked
away from this is like I am so grateful
for the relationship that you and I have
that you and our family has it's it's
cool to to do this every single day to
hopefully inspire people to hopefully
make you smile to hopefully make it a
good day to be like the start or the end
of your day where you feel better and
that's that's something that I hope we
can do for you guys
and I know it makes me happy and it
makes me grateful so I can only hope
that some of that comes to you guys
Jackson and Calvin are down for naps
Calvin went down for a nap by himself
which is extremely rare he took it to a
half hour nap which is extremely rare
and he woke up extremely happy like
usually he wakes up and he cries and
wants us to come get him he's up there
talking and he never does that I just
thought that was so sweet he's he's
getting there
he'll sleep one day thank you for taking
a nap hi buddy how are you just keep
going up you're talking good yeah
Oh took a good nap you tell anyone I
slept great
oh yes did you good is that oh you want
to film yes he wants to film say hi say
hi to your friends I give up
it's too hard I'll snuggle you this is
so sweet my whole life is done in that
if your friends that crazy
outlook yeah he's been loving they can't
really help pick it up a walk around the
house you show your friends what you do
every day okay young man I don't want
any trouble here I'm just fair what go
there you want to go to the fair yeah oh
good watch if you don't shoot I'll take
you to the fair how about that a fair
trade oh yeah great oh it's a fair trade
that's right going to the fair if you
fair what I mean are you fair with that
hey sister-girl do you want to go to the
fair today deal that sound like fun I do
my family pictures there was a huge
family picture of all of us before we
move in yes and sigh
Lindsay's been helping me get some
outfits going hey do you want me to hold
you yeah okay what hey
you're climbing me you're climbing up me
oh my goodness how did that work that
was fun
we're gonna get some family pictures
soon and it's actually gonna be some
family pictures for our house it was
just like but also for our intro so
that's another thing that we're gonna do
family pictures were do you want to
touch that light yeah are you crazy
I'll burn your finger right off you
still want to do it a little accident
okay hold on ready let's set it up mom
need your help we gotta test the light
all right kids listen up I want a good
clean race okay I want a good clean race
let's get that cotton candy off your
chin okay you guys have fun all right
we're gonna go
you
Jackson was that so much fun did you
like that did you go fast
good okay jump down jump again yeah okay
let's go
Oh mom why am i not tall enough to go on
any ride huh you still having fun with
us though
all right we're going on a turtle hunt
with our little turtle here you got to
grab three Turtles Calvin got the
measurement whoa okay one more did you
get what Jackson okay what do we win
Jackson was that is that a trumpet
Calvin got a knife that was his first
choice
daddy thought it would be fun for
Jackson to try this
I think Jared was to try it
I just told Bonnie I always wanted to do
this and I said you remember when we
were little in Montana they had one of
these and you can ask you if you
remember going ya know did you ice you
little this is so fun yeah Jackson Sudan
I think generally wants to Ghana and
since I've got to go
that's kind of how it is when your
prayers no just wanted you something in
so you I haven't
Jackson did you have fun
like it off no he did it was that fun
yeah oh he loved it it makes me want to
do it now a few moments later well guys
I guess it's just you and me everyone
else is upstairs and pet asleep and it
is us who are up late thank you guys so
much for watching the video I hope you
enjoy that I hope it put a smile on your
face because we had a blast today thank
you guys and we'll see you tomorrow bye
