I'm out of here mom see you later Calvin
come here ha oh look he's running faster
that little turd Calvin
all right it's early early we're gonna
go see grandma for a few hours while
daddy and I go do an appointment for the
house we have come to the cabinet
countertop place more than we probably
would have liked probably like five
times but actually a fun store to be at
but the reason why it's been so hard is
because how the countertops work is you
buy a big slab and that's for like your
kitchen and then all the other smaller
areas in the house you just use like
leftover you can then pick out remnants
if you want to go a little bit cheaper
and that's what we've been doing is we
think going out and like picking out
pieces from other jobs that are smaller
and fit on it we've had to come back and
read choose a lot of them because how it
works is if the project before needs
that slab bacon rigs yeah they can get
it and that's what's happened to us a
lot and we can't find pieces that work
and so what we've done is we've bought
one extra slab and that will go for
other areas in the house and this is our
bathroom
that's our bathroom countertop this is
the bathroom floor and we finally found
a countertop that we like with it that
will go in the vanity area in the closet
it'll go on top of the half wall we or
the toilet yeah we were planning on
doing different countertops for Ellie's
vanity and the just good yeah
just cuz it was fun but we're just gonna
instead of like waiting for pieces
remnants we're just gonna do one slab
and make it work which I'm very happy
with so I think it looks really good oh
but I think it looks good because the
little yeah it's kind of gold in that
and the floors gold I think it'll be
really pretty what are you doing you're
playing a game oh thanks this one don't
want no Sun open deal it looks kinda way
for track-and-field oval why are you
being so goofy down there did you just
poop your pants Ellie thought it'd be a
really good idea to go dumpster diving
here while we're at the cabinet store
so what happened was in our showers it
is like gray subway tiles rather than
white and the tile guy said that the
corner shell could be white and it won't
look as good we can do that no big deal
but the countertop guy said that we
could go through their junk and if we
wanted to take a piece the tile down
I'll just make those corner shelves and
this is more like a gray so I think that
would be really pretty that's so pretty
Wow fun I like wanna take all the home
how do you let it all go you smell that
you are not lush it looks like my ear
it's not like no all paths just kidding
I would appreciate any type of bath balm
or any fact that you have you seen that
like a hundred bath bomb challenge that
they do on YouTube I think we should try
that sometime what yeah hundred bath
bombs should we do it some why have we
not done that we totally should yeah I
should the tag should be Ellie's bath
lon why have I not done that I get a
good look it up and we'll do it a
hundred bath bombs that's like a
thousand dollar challenge that's amazing
I'm gonna do it worth it
Jared keeps tossing Ellie let me buy you
a bath bomb I'm like no not till we move
in and he said we sell like a month I
said no how aren't you telling me that
not strong unless we do that challenge
then I will do that we'll go home and
lock that everybody will look it up on
the on and see what we think so we made
it back to Mom's house and Ellie here is
cutting share bears hair because Shari
is getting ready for the eighth grade
that's crazy yeah we did we actually
just did I I filmed on two cameras but
Jackson over here anything is Jackson is
so fearless like that kid will do
anything he's on the trampoline right
now so daddy watch this oh I just did
Allie raised Mincy floor routine on the
first pass because that was incredible
right Calvin's down taking a nap and so
Jackson died oh hi Henry
Jax and I are jumping on the trampoline
Jackson can you show these guys a trick
whoa
can you do a bigger one yeah that's good
his head doesn't even touch it's all his
hands you've got all your weight on your
hands good
job try one more good job buddy
now jump and land on your bum good job
whoa you got to learn sometime right
good job come give me high fives
do a jump high five yeah well this is a
fun treat we're eatin lunch at Grandma's
doing haircuts
we even had Henny oh your you ready for
your food look he crawled up there and
he's waiting you probably don't like
tomato sandwich you want peanut butter
one yeah he's so cute so we're just
eating lunch but this is like one of my
favorite meals growing up and I'm not a
huge tomato fan but fish tomatoes with a
little bit of pepper in it with salt and
pepper yep and that one's yours is it
good what do you say to Grandma are you
two the cutest cousins in the world
together
you've been playing Henry and Calvin
this is so just summer just rejuvenating
just being eating a tomato sandwich
Calvin still in his jammies and you had
two cookies yeah chocolate all over your
mouth I'm out of here mom see you later
Calvin come here Oh Calvin look he's
running faster too altered Calvin hey
you heard me you heard what I said do
you see him running faster away from me
Jackson Sean mama your trick what's your
trick whoa holy cow you are the coolest
kid I seen it grandma so cute okay ready
to watch your daddy do trick okay ready
one two three
was that cool okay you do a forward
somersault are you trying to go for
doing my legs that's silly
KJ's gonna do another trick here
we go io is all over
okay go whoa
good eye body's taking a nap so we're
trying to go out around really oily huh
I walked through your basement I was
like did you really happy asleep no
we're in Jackson's outside he couldn't
handle I don't know
advice how are you doing I told him I
didn't realize you'd be coming over this
suit right I didn't either we got home
and Jackson's like no car car ride okay
I'm like if you lay here quiet while I
edit that's how we have to get to the
day sometime I hope not Bonnie's kitchen
think we have not like we've been too
bright that have you shown on yours I
had my chicken oh go right ahead
shut it open it again okay if even
sounds good like oh right that I would
have no idea how much storage just right
here these are gonna be all my spices
and I was gonna say I want I want all my
spices to be the same oh that's
beautiful
receive it yes you were telling me about
and it's like not that's perfect like
not even like deep deep yeah it was just
oh my gosh I'm so kind of for you
Jax ought to get him on the dance oh wow
Jackson has been favoring his foot
there's a sliver and it's deep yeah it's
right there
do you have tweezers have you happy you
got dr. Sherin here's what you want to
look out of here you can look at him
first you can look at him first what
color are they
yeah daddy's gonna use that to get the
slipper a big slipper and Skippy just a
pinch okay how he's gonna pinch it and
then it'll be done so let Daddy do it
and then you could do it you have to do
it gotta get it up do you want to do it
look let's let dad like we brush your
teeth daddy I'll do it really really
quick and then count it Jackson I'll do
it can you see it or is it deep it's
like deep being good oh my gosh he is
doing so good
you're doing so good and then it's your
turn and then you can try yet we're not
yet daddy's turn let Daddy finish and
then you can oh I know
okay that's good look look daddy always
has it can we count to ten together will
do can you look at me in the eyes and
we'll catch to ten we'll go one two
three four look at all can you say five
six seven eight nine
almost got it baby CD gone plane missing
that are you getting that
grown-ups come back well I've got it now
I vote let him grab it and then he's
done that's increasing one more song
you're so brave sorry I almost had it
I need me do you like me yes porn on it
he's getting it it's right there gaga
you see it yeah
it's out yeah it's out dad we had to
move over to the grass so deep
this poor little foot look how he's out
look Joe me a kiss it better for you you
did so good you did so good mm-hmm your
turn kay you try and get the other one
out there's not we'll go home and take a
good bath emotion to us ah did you get
it Wow good job high five you braver
than G oh he is I got a silver one tie
my uncle had to put a Hughes that he's a
nurse so he had to put a needle on my
foot and then like dig one out I was
like a thorn actually well we got the
kids bathed and I think Jackson's foot
is doing pretty well in fact Calvin are
you brushing your teeth young man that's
a good boy I think Jackson's foot is
doing a lot better he's walking on that
he's not favoring one side or anything
so that's really good but grandma had
something special for the kids so this
is Jackie's piggy bank and this is
Calvin's and Calvin has no money in it
Jackson Hotch I bet you open it for us
okay grandma sent us home with a few
dollars and the kids are gonna put him
in the piggy bank here you go Calvin he
might like the coins mm-hmm you put it
in there push it in good job did you
like that he's like I want it back um I
want to get a dr. pepper from the
grocery store okay put it in there good
job Calvin a quarter cheap so you can
put one in and
you put $1 and put it in look at him he
just went right for it just let go he
gets it yeah that was so nice of your
mom to do that she just had like a
little bag of coins and a couple dollars
for the kids you know what boys if you
help around the house a lot and do
chores sometimes you might get a few
coins and that you don't everything gets
certain toys you yeah you can't pay with
it there you go that way you can save up
your money and you can get things that
you want to get look at them they're
both putting them in that's so fun
you drop it yay thank you grandma yeah
that's so cool I love them all being
those banks they'll have forever I think
those will be really cool you talked
about these before mm-hmm they got them
on their first birthdays that's what
Grandma and Grandpa have gotten for
these kids for the English pardon me old
post office block stuff yeah I think
they're pretty cool cute we're gonna put
the kids to bed and we're gonna call it
a night so thank you guys so much for
watching we hope you enjoyed the video
if you did be sure to give it a big
thumbs up if you're not already
subscribed hit the subscribe button
but videos up every single day and we
think you'll love them what do you say
Jackson yeah you say bye to our friends
yeah Calvin can you say bye to our
friends okay see you later bye
ah Suzie wavin okay bye
