you look crazy this is Monday's
underwear that's funny that even says
the day what you look like a doctor
good morning guys we are just getting
going with our day I'm laying the kids
is outfits up so I'm getting them
dressed today is officially day four of
potty training with Jackson and Calvin
look what I pulled out of the bin this
used to be Jackson's remember last year
is that your superhero shirt yeah do you
guys remember this from when Jackson
wore it I thought it was one of my
favorite shirts on him so kid did you
write that to church yeah I we're gonna
put Calvin in it today we'll see how it
fits
holy moly guacamole look how cute you
like look bunkers look it is well it's a
goldfish cracker here you go look at you
you look just like Jackson did in the
shirt you look so handsome
mister I'm finally getting some hair in
the back it looks like we need a one
more vacuum so that you can help Thank
You Jackson Calvin just like walk
through our trying to find something to
you so hot this one you help me
thank you okay let's see it whoa that's
a small ping-pong table Ellie these kids
are all over the boxes okay picture and
then the mirror side by side you see how
we like it
Ellie that looks so good there's no
there's no stopping these kids I don't
have enough arms they like the styrofoam
too much and I can't blame them because
I did the same thing as a kid look so
how do you where's your belly button Cal
daddy's yeah god that's cute
so what do you think that's the picture
that grandma drew and they're really
pretty like old frame yeah it'd look
really good with it yeah I'll get some
other friends in that too Calvin I like
what I see in the mirror - that's a
pretty lady oh oh who's that guy I think
how yeah there it is grace of which
as well I believe okay and then the
floor the master four is just a brick
pattern it's like a 12 by 24 size four
out here the 24-inch way like so as if
you were like the like hardwood floor
down that kind of so I don't think knows
what she's talking about
I have no idea what's going on all these
different patterns and everything we're
here meeting with the tile guy and just
basically going through checking boxes
and everything and making sure
everything is in order for when we do
order the tile so we can have it here
ready for installation
well that one about an hour longer than
we anticipated we met with a tile guy
and got everything I'll figure with that
but we actually called the designer
Andrea and we finally finished
everything for the office planning
office and I'm so excited because yeah
one more phone call so it's not quite
them but I'm just excited Ellie
the excitement is real I'm excited that
it's like you want to share with me
you'll have your space you want your
doors the heavy storage like what else
will I have right here my mini-fridge
yes yeah you are going to get a
mini-fridge and I am going to put your
first Dr Pepper it for you put you under
for me hurry up so he jerks does could
be built in to the shelves right here
huh yeah so a bubble pillow right here
and then it'll be an L shape right here
the cabinet's will go here we'll have a
big fatty piece of art right there that
I really like and then oh yeah this is
probably there's gonna be a chair right
here and it's probably my favorite chair
in the world it's gonna match the chairs
in the living room but it's going to be
a different material and I'm real
excited about that and then we're gonna
hang the guitars up here on the wall and
I think that's gonna be awesome
it kind of reminds me of my dad's office
because he has his guitars hanging on
the wall so it's kind of like father/son
time they had that's cool but I'm really
gonna love my office it's gonna look
great thank you
we're excited about the office but we're
not excited about this I figured things
happen and they'll get it fixed but I
was like come on so we're talking to the
tile guy about the dog shower and when I
said that he was like and I was like
okay okay okay so utility utility shower
not just for we're not gonna pamper I
got that much yes you though but this is
just for like washing dirty shoes car
mats the dog whatever Jackson you know
so they're gonna have time get your head
in the water so they're gonna tie all
the back part of it and we originally
ordered tile for the floor part I just
thought it's just what we did and he's
like after we got talked about it's like
those don't need to spend money on the
tile of thoughts just find the way it is
when it matches the garage I think it
looks good yeah and I agree so we're a
dogged two tile right here but we'll
just do the backsplash part tiles but
these things that the workers they had
pushed into the edges of the dog shower
so there's like a chunk taken out which
they'll fix I sent a picture to the
Builder and they said that they would
get today but I was just like oh you
gotta be careful
don't just be putty it real quick yeah
you got to watch those things or they
won't get fast yeah yeah but I'm excited
I feel really good I feel really
relieved I'm feeling really excited like
over the moon so excited to have our
home on we're gonna make cookies and
we're gonna in the morning all make
waffles okay
okay so Joel and I decided that we're
gonna go four-wheeling today we were
gonna get the tire fixed yesterday but
we're doing that right now
joel has a cool little pump that hook
just hooks up right to the four-wheeler
itself and it's gonna pump this up so we
can take it to the store and get a fix
real quick get a switch down we'll just
hit up the canyon or something it'll be
fun
Jared yeah I'm going to bump up I'm Hans
we're going to bump you up and you my
friend we are going to swing this way
woo you like that
Josie's in the the intake from the pump
to the trip Jackson so there it is
that's the leak right there cause so
many issues can you hear it probably not
with the four-wheeler are but
that's it right there all right so we're
here at Walmart to get the tires fixed
and Ellie's supposed to be here I'm kind
of sneaking around in the corners to see
if I could find her and you know what
we're gonna do Calvin just scare her
we're gonna scare her so good are you
ready we're gonna scare Jackson are you
ready we're gonna go scare mom okay you
wanna go scare mom okay let's go we
gotta be quiet
show me how you be quiet Jackson I saw
her Jax nice here come this way the
eagle has been spotted for you to sneak
up this way okay come here come here
fire I usually don't get Jackson scared
you to my sweetie
I'm pretty sure every kid doesn't like
it's hilarious that they do and which is
even more funny is they see gets funny
you want to ride the bike underwear face
you look crazy this is Monday's
underwear that's funny that even says
the day what you look like a doctor
silly boy is he's crazy
that was fun that's the farthest we've
ever been on that trip yeah all in it
since the last time we went I wasn't a
little nervous there were some times
where I was kind of like oh geez please
don't tip please don't tip but we
survived and that's what matters it was
it was fun four wheeler runs great with
the fix and everything and so it was
good it was good thanks for inviting me
tonight hey twist the night before
Thursday and all through the house
everyone was sleeping except for Jared
cuz he's still awake guys it's been an
awesome day thank you so much for
watching the video we're gonna go ahead
and call it a night we've got an early
day tomorrow we're gonna get some sleep
and have some fun get a lot of house
stuff done tomorrow in case you haven't
been around that's kind of what we've
been doing a lot is getting the house
ready
it's exciting we're building a house
can't believe it it's crazy but be sure
to hit the thumbs up if you enjoyed the
video if you guys aren't subscribed hit
that red subscribe button we make a
video every single day and I think you
will love it thanks for watching see you
tomorrow bye
