let's see what drinking pegs Oh what did
you say hey loves that you are so smart
that is the cutest thing ever okay let's
get mom one two
are we ready to go into town today yeah
okay don't be your pants okay okay okay
we are going into town and we're going
to be out and about a lot today kind of
running errands
Jackson has gone two days without any
accident so we'll see how today goes and
I just messaged my sister-in-law and
Megan because when Megan brought Maggie
into town
Maggie was potty-trained but when they
would go out and about she had this
little porter like trouble potty and she
just like kept it in her purse
you should put like a bag underneath it
then she'd go potty this you throw the
bag away or something like that anyway
it was really cool and it was really
small and like I didn't even know she
had it with her and it's this it's like
12 bucks so I think I'm going to try and
order that because like yesterday when
we got the store and Jackson went it was
really hard because it was like a giant
toy yeah yeah and it was you know maybe
it'll look a lot more dirtier in our
home hey mister magoo you just hanging
out there he's wiser bomb beyond his
years I think in his head like I know he
thinks if he just says back like that
there you go to sit back like this put
your arms behind your back pressure legs
now put your hands behind your back like
that I woke up this morning with you in
my arms I don't even know how he got
into bed did you bring him in well yes
and I think the reason he got in our bed
because was some excessive whining and
crying but still cute I just woke up and
I was like what you're right here oh
yeah yeah that is bellybutton Oh where's
your belly button wait is your belly
button let me see your belly button
Jackson is it right oh is it right there
yeah haha right there so yesterday we
were filming with geekify guys and we
rent in some paddleboards which was way
fun they were inflatable which i didn't
know that was possible but still really
really cool we had a blast and I'm just
kind of giving them all cleaned up and
sorted out before I take him back and
then some parts came in for my
four-wheeler remember that one time that
I rolled it and I was like oh my gosh
I'm in shock and I almost died some
parts came in so I think we're gonna Joe
and I are gonna fix the bumper a little
bit late
today and see if it'll be in good
working order for the next time we take
it out
you
we have not done this in forever going
to lunch and this is what I think is so
cute is Olivia and Jax are holding hands
and they're being so cute Calvin's
asleep and stroller gang you're right
away
do it and ran some errands Roo try to
find some kitchen stuff I don't really
see anything that I liked so we're going
to a sandwich shop on Main Street that's
supposed to be really good I just think
this is like a cute view like the trees
it's warm outside just fun so we ordered
some all weather maps for the minivan
because I think the first thing that
really gets dirty in your band is the
carpet and all weather mats kind of like
take care of all of that stuff so right
now Ellie is going through and vacuuming
the inside I'm gonna get like the
leather all clean and everything and
then we're gonna put the all-weather
mats down to per to this little guy
right here see how dirty it is already
oh my gosh
we need to step it up that way okay
Jackson I want you to put your hand in
my pocket okay can you do that can you
put your hand yep just like that
Kate now let's walk that's a walk I
figured that's an effective way to have
him right next to me while I'm vlogging
and hold the Calvin in one hand it's
working pretty well so far so I think
Ellie's been having a pretty rough day
today she's got some phone calls that
have basically said some of the stuff
that we've ordered or have picked out
for the house are not going to be ready
by the time we move in so she's kind of
upset and kind of frustrated because now
there's going to be some things that we
have to repack or wait for quite a bit
longer before we move in so Jackson
Calvin and I story here waiting to see
if we can find something to pick out
cheer up a little bit there's that sound
fun Oh what do you want to look at toys
okay I think we can do that too you
wanna look at some twice Cal focus on
toys
yeah so one of the things that we were
supposed to do today is pick up a movie
for the van we're gonna be driving a lot
in the future and we wanted to get
something that the kids haven't seen at
home something about they'd be able to
watch over and we would be able to
listen to over and so we got Shrek the
for movie thing and then we
tangled and I think Jackson will really
like tangles because you like frozen and
it's kind of like the same musical theme
to it are you gonna like that one bud
boy thank you
it's kind of like frozen yeah oh that
was a good attempt try it one more time
good job let's see what drink he picks
Oh what did you say
he loves that you are so smart
that is the cutest thing ever okay let's
get mom one to Kate Jackson here's what
I want you to do I want you to hold
these okay I want you hold those and I
want you to take him on side and give
him to mommy okay can you do that for me
are you excited yeah say say mama come
downstairs oh yes here she comes
yes he did you're welcome turn on the
light so those flowers are for a few
different reasons one to hopefully make
you feel better too because Jackson and
his first accident oh it's okay yeah
well I took him to the bathroom a couple
times while we were out and he wouldn't
go and then walking out of the the
parking lot I was like oh my arm is wet
okay he was out and about more today
than we've been mm-hmm yep as far as
potty training so
I'm not even upset at all like these
things are gonna happen so we're gonna
expect them Center okay
go potty these things are to be expected
you know it's potty training what is
going on a bigger sea cry laughs are you
ready to get out okay mom you so tired
oh we've gone a year and a half almost
and I am tired but you just don't like
to sleep you never have
I seriously remember him at the hospital
and I look at his face and I was like
the newborns just always left never
stuck yeah are you gonna make up for one
nice to snuggle and I love it holy cow I
we came in and I said does this even
feel real Jarrod and we both said no I
don't even feel like this is real guys
get better what is going on about face
we just measured for the ceiling pendant
lights that we're doing and I think
we're happy with them look at that look
at all the hardwood oh my this is so
cool so this has to sit here for about
seven to ten days and then they will lay
it but we also have to measure for our
dining table I'm worried that it might
be too big so we're gonna measure a few
for a few options these come all the
dinners that we're gonna have all of
these eat your meals that will be happy
yes Jackson did you not listen to your
teacher today at school she said you
were being naughty
Jackson you did so good at your football
practice we're so proud of you Calvin
stop throwing your food at your sister
okay real quick
we're not like let's just get that out
there we always have to say it enough
we're not pregnant
second of all do we want a sister for
Calvin and Jackson yeah
we really am not pregnant a little third
of all Calvin if you're watching this
make sure you do your homework okay mrs.
Peterson is upset with you okay geez
I'm putting your work Ellie you've got
to measure the dining table okay six to
five inches that's the length of the
dining table there's an 82 inch dining
table that we're looking at but I think
yeah because we need to fit a chair on
this side and when you fit all chair I'm
now side a lot tighter well you also
have to look like there's a chair won't
fit there and then you've got to be able
to open this door like that's gonna yeah
that's gonna be that's too small
65 65 by 38 I think are the dimensions
for the table that's a good dinner table
and I don't know how wide the benches
yeah is the bench gonna be on this side
or on this side I don't do par Wang have
too many seats right here well have like
few chairs in the back put prices on
bench for that would be fun okay that is
the bench that we're measuring for let's
look at the table too and not is the
table you think we're gonna like it I
think it's going to be great
so the bench is going to be about this
wide yeah you think that's enough for me
to sit on no I'm gonna be big enough
trip I think here we go okay me I can't
wait this Charlie doesn't seem real like
I'm going through stuff at the house
kind of like Dee junking going through
stuff we're looking at some you know
items for the house and I'm just it
doesn't seem real like it will feel real
when we're all moved in I think that's
what it'll feel like because Fisher when
they get the cabinets and like when they
get the kitchen cabinets and now it's
gonna be like holy crap it looks even
more like a house and you know what
techo what art is I talk to the
refrigerator people and you don't have
to have
and everything yeah you're gonna put a
dr. pepper one right here what's crazy
to me is remember our life in our first
apartment yep and then remember our life
when we moved from the house previously
and to our we are no now yep we Jared I
used to go on walks almost every night
and we would go get a milkshake new
chick and we'd walk to the gas station
we went on walks all the time where we
used to live we don't really go and
walks where we look right now there's
not a lot of clothes stuff but yeah if
we wanted to go get a milkshake we'd
have to walk a lot further than we did
before
Hey so with every move we've had with
every stage of life that we've been in
our lives have changed so I really
wonder what little things that we will
do when we move into our home I
guarantee that we will be outside on the
patio almost every night that's what I
bet well I hope that's what we do I hope
we're outside as a family I think
that'll be cool I think we'll be outside
a lot so what is it this time what's our
little niche right now this yeah because
that was watching class huh
to be honest though this past year has
been different because it's been
different having a new baby in the house
you know we've all got Cobham like a
year and a half and he still has a baby
like it's he it's it's been interesting
he's right in the transition stage -
yeah and toddlers and so that's been
interesting the last year-and-a-half of
raising him and the things that have
come with him and
oh well guys it looks like it's just you
and me all the kids are asleep and Ellie
just went to bed and I'm sitting here on
my computer doing some work and watching
the Olympics and we're having a great
night oh did you see my Doritos right
there yeah that's mine Doritos okay
thank you so much for watching the video
I hope you have a wonderful week and we
will see you guys tomorrow be sure to
hit the thumbs up button if you enjoyed
it see ya bye
