oh there we go there we go
wow did you get a vine you watch
someone's face of that let me help you
Wayne - hmm is that pretty cool
we are gonna go out to the grocery store
today but this is going to be a
different experience because Jackson is
going to wear underwear today
he has already peed a few times in the
toilet this morning and I just said
we're going to the store so you need to
go pee again and he did he went pee and
he's been wearing just regular underwear
today but when we go to the store I'm
gonna put him in this underwear cuz if
he does go pee and at least we'll like
absorb it and it won't like get
everywhere are we ready
yeah okay don't pee your pants okay okay
we'll put that on gotta get your own
let's go
high-five that was crazy we just got
back Jackson went a little potty I was
getting some meat cut and I was like
I'll be right back we like ran to the
bathroom but we're here and we're gonna
pick out a few little snacks and stuff
because he's been liking every time he
goes potty who goes to the kitchen and I
have a little bucket and he gets like a
little stuck or something
and guess what brother is so good to
share with you too this morning Jackson
gave Calvin a look at this sucker cause
you have potty and Calvin was a little
eager and took it and Jackson was pretty
good and we got it back and gave it Jim
what's up everyone we're just hanging
out here in the car we just finished
filming a geekify guys shot this is my
brother-in-law Kevin and I was thinking
about it as I was changing out of my
dirty dirty clothes because we got
really muddy it's been a long time since
we've hung out just you and me I know
and I'm I'm pretty excited because I was
thinking do you remember when we used to
live next to you and we would go get
milkshakes and bring him back to the
house and I think that was so much fun I
love doing that when we meet for lunch
like on campus that was fun
well it looks like we're getting ready
to go to the next shoot we're gonna be
blowing some stuff up so I have told you
guys that I really wanted to find
somebody to help me like style my body
and I've been going through my closet
especially with us moving and this is
all my winter stuffs like my winter vest
my winter sweatshirts and I had a few
t-shirts right here that I'm going
through with my friend Lindsey hi
Lindsey she's helping me go through so
this is like my winter stuff and I've
showed her like a few of like my
long-sleeve shirts and so far she's like
yeah they look really good I told her
how I wear and what I wear I'm with and
that these I'm actually gonna try on for
her to see to tell her what she thinks
of them on yeah what did you just tell
me okay would look the weight like ah
yes this is my that's what are the
colors gorgeous okay especially if your
eyes thank you thank you and this is
something that she didn't know about the
certain material you say usually doesn't
look
love it usually cleans the wrong areas
you're obviously a great bit yeah it
still looks a lot better and I I always
like this because I felt like it was
pretty flattering so I live in the neck
area cool so something that I've never
done either is I've never had somebody
like take in any clothes pants skirts
I've had but I got this skirt and I told
her I really don't wear it because like
it's just too big like it's really loose
on me and she said that it was really
pretty it works and so she's gonna help
me find someone to tailor and we'll take
it in an inch so I think Jarrod's gonna
want to go on a hot date with me tonight
and it's funny we're looking through my
clothes and here's an outfit that I've
had and I would never ever have thought
to put it together like it's you guys
have seen this before my little is up
shirt and this black thing right here is
actually a dress that we're on Sundays I
never thought to open up and wear it as
like a vest and then you guys have seen
these blue moto jeans that I've had in
my you guys have seen up to so this is
like a whole outfit that I would never
have thought to put together so hopeful
is that I'm learning a lot
Malindi has been taking pictures of my
shoes because she's going to help me
figure out how to wear them with the
items that I have I really like this
because she's been able to help me keep
my clothes but figure out how to wear
them and then we have we're going to
donate a few of them of like just the
things that are older that don't fit as
much we've just been going through all
my stuff just figuring out how to wear
it for my body it's been so helpful you
have been so fun you're even putting my
stuff away Thanks Oh seriously we have
gone through everything you've gone
through jewelry shirts pants it feels
refreshing like we're gonna move a
closet will be like empty and just night
the things that I like like will be in
it only the nice jewelry that I like
will be in it like this is refreshing we
even talked about cutting my hair not a
lot I just a little just to give like me
a fresh start this is my friend Lindsey
she has a website Lindsey shores stop
guys if you guys want to go look at her
website she is a really good stylist
that I had no idea people even
tell just recently so son so fun talking
about sleeping friends and her husband
is the guy that is the producer and
creator of Studio Andrew here that's
amazing man
yes his name is Jared - so it's been out
for a couple days now Darryl and I were
just talking about like the difference
between Instagram stories and snapchat
now that it's been out for a few days I
really haven't done Instagram I've done
like one Instagram story but what do you
guys think like what is your thoughts on
Instagram stories versus snapchat
stories which one do you use more which
one do you like better which one has
like more features that you enjoy yeah
and no one is arguing with that like
everyone is saying like it's a 100%
copies potentially arguing at all no no
they're just like mum's the word
well the creator of Instagram stories
was like yeah snapchat had a great idea
and good artists copy great artists
steal yeah I think I think he even
quoted that in the article but what are
your thoughts I'd love to see I'd love
to hear what you guys think about it I
really am so proud of Jackson he even
had a babysitter today for a few hours
and he didn't have any oxidants she
didn't even tell him to go potty he went
on his own and I am just so proud that
he's been picking up I need to do a
video on my channel I'm like how I've
like approached it and how Jared and I
have been doing potty training he we
have not come to the road of him pooping
yet he hasn't needed a poop today so
we'll see how today goes he did poop
yesterday either so I'm making dinner
pretty early tonight but I am starving
so instead of making the zucchini boats
that I made last time I just cut to
zucchini up and I even cut some squash
up and so usually I put this mixture
inside the zucchini but instead I just
cut it up and I'm just gonna make like
one big capsule I saw that mix
everything with it Jackson keeps saying
out if you need to go potty potty huh
you think I'm gonna save you I'm not
gonna save you yet you're gonna have to
hash it out
Jax's are chasing Calvin around say come
here
trying to put glasses on him fine I'll
save us time to get anyway so I have a
dinner it's pretty early dinner
already cooked it's just like those
little boats I made so I couldn't do
Keaney i cut up squash i cooked rice
they say brown rice but i cooked white
rice black beans corn a little bit of
cumin a little bit of chili powder a cup
of salsa a little cheese on top and i
put it in the oven for like 30 minutes
and then you don't have to but there's
even like some bell peppers in there
that i cooked on the pan for like 10
minutes before and then put it in the
oven if that makes sense
so come on kids time to eat that means i
think you love dinner when you hold the
bowl in one hand and grab it with your
babies in the other or your other i'm
like looking at my gold the ball is that
glad is that yummy hmm yeah oh yeah that
looks so good you like it - mister
you're showing off mister but you like
it - you're doing really good at eating
it who's even black beans in there I
ain't all gone I need more how much more
do you have oh a little bit more much
more do you have well you be in that
pretty good oh there we go
there we go what not quite Wow did you
get a vine you watch someone's face of
that let me help you Wayne
- hmm is that pretty cool right you are
crazy you I see you dance dududududu TTT
- do you think you did you do - dance
dududududu oh my gosh hey guys hi buddy
hi hi how are you I've missed you all
day
how's it been good good you are not
wearing a diaper young man are you are
you going in the potty all day note to
self if you ever do the egg Roulette
challenge clean up a.s.a.p as soon as
you're done start cleaning up and the
egg would not come out of this patio
without some very intense scrubbing but
we all got it taken care of and we are
ready to head back but before I do I
think I'm gonna sneak over to the house
and see what they've done today Ellie
was saying they did a lot so I'm gonna
go over and check it out take a gander
take a look see that's all of our hard
would you believe that they already have
the hardwood sitting here acclimating to
this climate to fit in our house Ellie
what's more important your social media
or our daily vlog what is more important
and we just uploaded her our master
bedroom design video it's up on her
channel to have it linked down below and
in the card over and one of these
corners over here I really like it
you'll you guys will love it so go check
it out first things first I feel so much
better after being in the gross water
and getting eggs all over me I just took
a shower and I feel so good Ellie and I
have two episodes left of the flash and
we are watching it tonight and then
we're all cut up until season 3 comes
out and I'm so excited so after that
what do you want to watch oh geez I was
thinking in the Olympics maybe we'll
support our country and watch the
Olympics and we've actually been
watching it's been real
I've been wanting to watch stranger
things
everyone preview and it looks scary I
don't like seeing kids and like it's
totally like 80s and I don't like
whatever I saw a little bit of I was
uncomfortable so we'll figure something
out if you guys have a TV show that you
think we should watch leave in the
comments down below but for now we're
gonna say goodbye and we will see you
guys tomorrow thank you so much for
watching if you enjoyed it give it a
thumbs up and hit the subscribe
subscribe button if you haven't already
see ya bye
