yeah guys I'm gonna have to give you a
ticket for being reckless there's too
many kids this vehicle and not enough
seats no one seems to care I am NOT
happy
well hey Calvary no Jackson what are
these guys doing on the TV Oh Frank
Sheila Shamu CIO Shambu cow somersault
they do a somersault the boys just woke
up from their naps and we're watching
the gymnastics the floor routines and
Jackson's like oh wow they're flying
they're doing tricks trampoline park did
you do any of that stuff at the
trampoline park yesterday hm hey good
job it's just been fun seeing their
reactions to all the different stuff
it's been really cool you guys playing
are you gonna make soup good Calvin's
got the eggs one thing that I tweeted
earlier today was that Jackson and
Calvin are playing together more and
more and it's what
yeah these kids play together more and
more and it's just the cutest thing ever
and it just makes me think like these
guys are gonna grow up being best
friends of course they're gonna quarrel
and fight and everything but I cannot
wait to see their relationship develop I
said before my sister and I are the
closest in age to my next sibling and we
have a really great relationship where
we can like talk about different things
where I didn't feel like I had that
growing up because my next sibling was
five years older than I was and Jennifer
is two years younger than me these guys
are a year and a half apart and I feel
like they're just gonna have the best
time growing up like they'll be an
elementary school together they'll be in
junior high together heck you guys might
even play some sports together how cool
that be that'll be a lot of fun don't
you think Jackson look is your are you
stuck oh no it's stuck we got to fix
that you guys are so cute you know that
I guess that is why the younger sibling
always learns faster is because they're
constantly watching the older sibling
Calvin come here trying to get him out
of the bathroom give me our Jackson is
not going potty all day except for his
nap I might put on a diaper woke up and
he was on the side for 30 minutes but
you you just peed he just peed again
he's peeing all morning come on that's a
good treat as he's working Christmas I
don't think today no yesterday yesterday
there was like he peed a lot as well but
he had several options this is actually
from Finland it's like a little a box it
was full of treats I thought it was so
cute so these candies are for when he
goes poop and the big candies but right
now this is for legal yeah this is where
you go poop in the toilet so you choose
one of these when you go pee mmm not
that one
what you like suckers he always goes for
the suckers well I'm so proud of him
you've been going now so much I'm so
fond of it I got
we potty-trained by the timing of
Antigua house at least for the most part
I got oh you want an old old fortune
cookie okay
he even might pee earlier and then he
got a sucker and right when he got off
he goes he ate this I walk on and it
goes I go pee again and I figured he
just wanted to do that just to get
another sucker because it was right
after and he fully would pee again I'm
so proud of him for getting on and again
he's on again do you really need to go
yeah okay well see get him Calvin get
him you guys know you guys do you guys
get him ah that guy get him get him get
him get him get him oh yeah tackle
tackle deco Oh cute the Linux has been
so fun to watch oh yeah hold on Kevin
hold on you can do it your head young
put your head down yeah giddy up giddy
up giddy up let's go giddy up giddy up
oh so tiny composure you go guys I'm
gonna have to give you a ticket for
being reckless
there's too many clicking this vehicle
and not enough seats so you're the
parent involved here just gonna get the
ticket no one seems to care I am NOT
happy
Jackson go ahead gee Calvin eating the
tea for the car no your number gel
that's no okay
he's trying to swallow the evidence at
least stop him and give him a ticket
before ya see the look on these kids
faces say I'm not having fun anymore you
want to get out okay one pill a mere
link for mission
oh my Calvin's Calvin's hugging the
giraffe couldn't your baby boy the kids
are playing happily with toys as they
should and then Joe pulls out the the
toy and they all are like hovering you
yeah boy you kids do you even realize
that's not even a kid toys but they love
it we're gonna go outside and just play
for a minute hey mr. Jackson Clark you
wearing flip-flops he's actually like
wearing them the right way I don't think
you've ever owned a pair of flip-flops
bud coz I've always worried about you
scuffing your feet and your toenails how
does that ever happen to your kids all
my nieces and nephews at some point in
their life have like trips ranked foot
pops or something it's like ripped their
toenails off time is tonal split time
yeah so I've never had them in like
open-toed shoes like that back Calvin I
just cannot get over today I don't know
if it's cuz his onesie in his shoes but
he just is like his little body is so
cute
there we go got it poke you ya Govan you
are so sweet
okay go
there we go
you
okay look at that focus and densey oh
whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa what what what
Wow
des why we're getting a ping pong table
Ellie knows why right there did you see
that
welcome oom no geez
Joel you and I ping pong doubles we're
going to the Olympics 2020 okay oh wow
gets my adrenaline pumpin bye uncle Joel
bye aunt Bonnie by Cody bye Olivia
bye Lincoln by Boston you're so cute
look at him are you saying bye okay
let's go inside
Wow boys I can't even tell you how proud
I am of you both both boys have been
like so amazing today
Jackson Calvin took two naps and one on
his own we just put him in there anyone
to sleep any took good that's now
success yes and you've gotten lots of
treats because Jackson has gone to the
potty I don't even know how many times a
day at least ten at least head on his
own a few times turns under well yeah
took his underwear off sat on the toilet
by himself he we didn't ask him to he
just did it so I am proud of my little
family and my boys tonight which by the
way I do every night but specifically
tonight he's had so many suckers oh we
gotta get we've got to get a good
brushing and hell's teeth kay Hey
alright you guys go take a bath okay go
go in it the wind is blowing so hard
outside and it's kind of scaring Jackson
just a little bit checks mrs. scary Nia
well Jackson the wind is just like this
you know how can you blow from your
mouth
good job can you blow Calvin yeah can
you get out good yeah
like the one good job see there's
nothing to be scared of
we are gonna call it a night thank you
guys so much for watching thank you so
much for all the wonderful comments and
the thumbs up we appreciate it very much
we hope you guys have a wonderful start
to your brand-new week and we'll see you
next time
thumbs up say bye friends say bye Calvin
bye guys
