your sake it Oh soft rocks I'm just
gonna relax right here oh good morning
good morning guys we are starting off
the day good morning with some really
great news I am so excited to give you
the news Jackson has gone in the potty
twice today
Jackson you got bunny twice today in the
toilet are you so proud of yourself yeah
so you know what that means he just went
he just went so what are we gonna do
because you just went in the potty
Jackson
that's right should we go pick one out
let's go pick out a tree okay Jackson
you can pick one treat from the tree bag
okay what do you see in there it's a
candy necklace in there hold some
Smarties yeah that's like a mini candy
necklace without the string oh did you
go potty in your end up in the toilet
did he go all by himself
oh good did he ask or did you put him on
it good I'm so glad Jackson I love you
okay let's see what is it I know yeah
it's a dino egg so Jackson has a little
Dino egg sitting in water here and we're
waiting for it to hatch and I'm not sure
how long this one takes but we're gonna
keep a close eye on it okay boys yeah
it's gonna hatch what do you think is
inside of it
Oh a dinosaur
so this morning we've been working
really hard with Jackson as far as going
into the potty and potty training he's
in the underwear and he's gone to the
bathroom twice which I'm so happy and so
proud of but that isn't to say there
hasn't been any accidents
just this morning alone I think we have
three pairs of underwear in the washing
machine that need to be washed because
he had a little accidents inside of them
I think he likes it and I don't think
it's just because he gets a treat
afterward but he gets excited when he
goes to the potty and it's been good
it's been good and soon you'll be potty
trained I think even quicker young man
where you going you're so cute Oh soft
rocks I'm just gonna relax right here
there you go that's my boy well today is
going to be a good day because my shoes
are not gonna break these are the shoes
that I'm wearing that I was telling you
guys about that I've had for three years
my born sandals they are not gonna break
on me yesterday I was so sad when my
pink shoes broke but I've got that and I
have my purse that I've had for years
and years and years that I can wear
today because I don't have to bring any
diapers or wipes because I'm meeting up
with my friend for lunch so I'm sure
most of you guys have seen Jackson's
face you're like what what happened to
his face it's all it's all it's all cut
up and everything like that well I
thought we could asked Jackson and see
what he says about what happened to his
face
Jackson what happened to your face buddy
did you did you fall where's your ally
right there what were you doing when you
fell did you fall down oh just like that
did you cry were you tough and can you
point to it for me where's your ally
yeah so what happened yesterday is
Jackson was riding his bike and he fell
down and just kind of scratched his
cheek a little bit but he is so good are
you are you tough oh did you fall like
that yeah but you're good huh and that's
the thing with
accent is like he'll have little things
like he'll fall down or he'll scratches
near anything and he'll be upset for a
little bit but then he's like I'm
missing out on playtime I'm gonna play
you get right back up and you get back
to where you're going any place huh are
you gonna do the same thing Calvary no
say I'm tough say I'm tough yeah that's
my boys high five yeah high five before
I head home
I found myself into this on the decor
store I came into home goods and I'm
just looking around just some of the
kitchen stuff and house stuff and I hate
want to put this on a wish list for the
future I think this would be so fun
I want a tea set and have a tea set from
when I was a little girl I think it'd be
really fun sometime in the future I
don't know maybe when I have a girl or
some time when we're settled to have
like the nieces come over and decollete
party but I just walked by this I
thought that would be so fun to have
some time just like a tea set I just
thought it was cute if I'm just gonna
walk around and see if they there are
towels and their shower curtains and
just see the items that they have just
kind of browse I guess this is really
fun by myself wearing shoes that won't
break but this is just cute I haven't
gone into like a star like this for a
while and it's really fun just like all
the stuff that they have as fun as this
is though I have to be honest I get
overwhelmed like I get overwhelmed in
stores and I do a lot of my online
shopping online and specifically when I
buy clothes like I can't go and check
forever 21 or Ross and stuff only
because but an even hmm is because they
overwhelm me I get overwhelmed there's
just too much to look at so much stuff
like it's fun to browse but if I have a
goal in mind of like I'm gonna look at
picture frames today I usually try and
do that online or a store where I know
is smaller because I just go overwhelmed
so it's kind of something about me if
you didn't know it spend at least luck
so I stopped by my parents house real
quick because we went up and showed them
the house because my and uncle were here
not too long ago I laid the kids down
for a quick nap here at Grandma's house
and I want to tell you about how Calvin
has been napping lately and it's
actually been really cool you guys know
Calvin is
like notorious for not being the best
sleeper well during his naps more often
than not he does really really well all
we have to do now is just lay him down
and he'll go to sleep debts like huge
drastic improvements it doesn't happen
all the time it didn't happen just now
but more often than not the past couple
weeks all we've had to do is lay him
down for a nap and he goes right to bed
it's almost like yes like yes yes like
accomplishment it feels like there's
light at the end of the tunnel it feels
good and so kids have phases they grow
out of things they do things now that
they won't do later and we have to
remember that as parents Kelvin is doing
so awesome and I have a little treat for
them after they wake up it's gonna be a
lot of fun so when I was picking out our
kitchen tile I had sent some pictures
out and specifically mom was it was a
little different coming back your
response she was it's okay I thought why
does she think it's okay why she says I
love excite up your alley
and then today mom is like no you doing
a dark a really dark in your kitchen I
said no it's white that's why it was
like a little blue vein and so I went
back to the picture that I sent my mom
and this is our kitchen backsplash and
this is our kitchen countertop it has a
little bit of blue vein in it and she
was looking the picture and thought that
this was my countertop and this is my
tile so I was confused on why you're
confused and now I understand yeah I get
it now the dark I get it now but it was
fine as there's been the week that's
gone by that mom thought I was doing
like I mean it's pretty but she just
thought I thought that's not what your
style is gonna be no we're good we're
all on the same page so funny how
texting or tweeting or yeah anything
people really can misinterpret and not
understand
something as simple as this is what
we're doing and you see something else
yeah in the background interesting so
hopefully I haven't confused anybody
else sir anything else like that funny
okay boys now daddy said when you wake
up from your naps that we're gonna do
something fun we're gonna go to the
trampoline park are you excited Jackson
or Calvin's already getting ready to go
you excited say I'm excited let's go
oh I just came over to grab some
zucchini for mom and dad for dinner
tomorrow
and this wranglers went off when we were
looking in there oh I'm sucking soaking
soaking I'm kidding with dog strays
sopping wet look at me yeah all right
guys it is that time it is time we make
the announcement it's time we say who
has won the giveaway like Ellie said
there are two winners and I think that
was so cool of Ellie just the out of the
blue just like we're gonna do another
one I wish we could do more oh
absolutely and that's the other thing is
we're gonna do more giveaways like we
want to show our appreciation and we're
gonna do more giveaways in the future
especially when we hit a million when we
hit a million I want to do something so
big I really really do but like Ellie
mentioned before we picked one at random
and then one based on a comment Ellie
said in the comments below leave a
reason why you think you should win the
giveaway and so we went through comments
and I spend a majority of the day
looking through comments reading your
stories and hearing from you and it was
like some of the most touching emotional
things bringing us back to where we
started and why and why we started and
it was so humbling and it was beautiful
and it was wonderful and I'm so grateful
that so many of you guys shared your
story in the comments and I encourage
all of you guys if you're not vlogging
already to do it so you have this to
look back on and even if it's not
vlogging like us listening to the book
the miracle morning 95% of Americans
what was the wording that he even used
but pretty much 95% of people don't do
it they want and yes there's you have to
be realistic but still there's 95% of
people don't try and achieve
Eve and do better or do it they wants if
if you want to do journaling if you want
to do vlogging if you want to do
something at least try yeah what would
you do if you weren't afraid that's what
we've always gone back so I like I said
we pick one at random and then one based
on a comment and the winners are Lauren
and Bing Sarah congratulations guys you
win the cameras and we have already
contacted them and we're gonna start
scheduling some Google Hangouts or Skype
sessions soon and one thing that I
wanted to say in addition to what we
talked about already
we chose someone who was going through
infertility struggles and we chose that
for a few different reasons and I think
one thing that I I wanted to say and I
feel as that we don't want you guys to
think that we've forgotten where we came
from where we started from because
that's who we are
and and it still and always will be a
part of us exactly and the infertility
community those who struggle every
single day like we are thinking of you
guys and we want you to know that we're
praying for your story and we yeah it's
always darkest before the dawn you know
what I mean so we want you to know that
we're thinking of you and we can't wait
to see your stories and what you guys
accomplished and we love you guys and
again we're so grateful for what you
guys do for us every day we're grateful
for you guys tuning in and with that
we're gonna say goodbye so thank you
guys so much for watching we appreciate
you tomorrow
bye thank you thank you that's right
thank you bye
