and we you just need to remember to
goosfraba
in 20 time
splish-splash let's just wait for them
here and take it out okay all right okay
all right I'm comfy are you comfy okay
we're gonna take it back
good morning Calvin
good morning Jackson how are you that is
a dino egg me to put it in some water
Calvin I thought was so kid you climbed
up on your rocks and you're gonna play
this morning I'm just getting the kids
ready to go we are gonna be gone all day
Jared might have some appointments for
the house and then we are invited down
to do some stuff with Studio C so I'm
getting Jackson dressed getting Calvin
dressed I have
Calvin's little M&M bag ready to go for
him to Grandma's house and I have
Jackson's little red M&M bag for him to
go to his friend's house first and then
later meet up at Grandma so we have lots
to do this morning my eyes are so tired
like I don't wanna feel that time what
guys are are you tired well that was
probably like the cutest thing I have
ever seen in my whole life Ellie yeah I
got Jax out of the car to take to his
friends the the babysitter and it's in
our new neighborhood and he saw our
house and he goes I I see it I see a mom
and dad and we're like that is just so
cute and then we go there enough then
when he was going into the babysitter's
house he said friends and yeah he is a
sweet tender boy and I love him for that
I'm gonna miss Jackson and that's the
thing is like we're getting stuff done
but it's you know it's like when you're
a parent as soon as you drop your kids
off you're like darn I miss all right
this is our conversation every time we
do stuff like this it's like should we
bring him soup a tional but tonight
would be crazy if we had
so well they'll have fun grandma grandpa
yep okay we're at the cabinet meeting
and I honestly feel like we just dodged
a bullet like this was insane every
house is different yeah even the one
that we're like duplicating there's some
because the the foundations were
different our cabinet walls didn't go
out as far as the other one the
finishing guy was like I thought we were
doing it this way and the camera guy was
like I thought we were doing the
electrical but we got it all figured out
and it was just like Marv cars were
racing for just a second what I like is
there like that won't look good let's do
this let's make it look and function
right and so the cabinet guy is like
well we'll just make your cabinets
bigger on that and so instead of like
you know normal cabinets at the very end
I'm gonna have a really nice wide
cabinet's actual benefit yeah it makes
us feel good that they're after our best
interests rather than just getting the
job done or like doing a shortcut or
something they're gonna figure it out
like they were like hey well well just
really radical we'll do this we'll do
that you're working together really and
after like three phone calls they're
like no we got it I'm like I go envy
your job calls but they know exactly
what they're doing so it's pretty
exciting to see it happen but just a few
markings here yeah just tying everything
and then we we're gonna go outside and
look at and finish the countertop table
well we're out here looking at granite
again and I feel like we've done this a
hundred times but it's very important to
get it solidified you have to make sure
that you find the right one pick the
right one it's available and it's the
right size so we're walking through with
the guy here and we're basically just
doing our final check and we found out
during our final check that we still
have another time that we've got to come
back down here because we found out that
one of our countertops that we have is
gonna have a seam right down the middle
of it you know if we can avoid that
we're going to we're gonna bring our
samples back and look at some
countertops for the basement bathroom
and Ellie's vanity those are the only
things that we have left that we need to
pick out but everything else is
completely finalized for the granite
countertops and I think that's all so
those are the only two things left from
this this store that we have to do so
pretty exciting that we're getting all
these boxes checked and we're moving
along it's crazy to think that in six
weeks five or six weeks you know I
always changes a little bit but we might
be in our house it's crazy all of this
stuff is gonna be installed and put in
and we'll be in our home
okay tutti-frutti are you ready we're
going to our next appointment we were
here for like two hours
I called you to do fruity because your
toots stink and you're kind of cute like
a fruit okay
you're my tutti fruitti Oh guess he
can't go mall walking today
I think Ellie gets overwhelmed pretty
easily and I think cuz she's just
thinking about everything all at once
you do I know I know and you admit it we
were just hearing that we're at the
plumbing store because I think we're
just gonna redo everything we felt we
felt rushed when we were her the first
time but don't say anything I didn't say
anything
open the faucets that we chose we really
did like but they go very very very
contemporary and we did feel rushed and
so we're coming back and like the
kitchen faucet was like Chrome and
everything else is Chrome something's
worse i nickel and I just we came back
right let's just start over really quick
and finalize it so we're looking at
something that's more in line with what
we've been doing throughout the house
was just transitional which is a blend
between traditional and contemporary or
modern and I think we found it real
quick because we found out that they can
do just about anything in a different
finish so we like this I feel like this
is modern and traditional
there's transitional and then this
showerhead and we'll get instead of the
Chrome we'll do it in a brushed nickel
and call it good yeah I thought about
that we're waiting for ourselves person
to come talk to ya I feel better about
that and we you just need to remember to
just wait for them here in okay okay all
right I'm comfy are you comfy okay we're
gonna take a bath now we've got to make
another stop in Salt Lake City but
before we do we have to make a very
important stuff and that is at the
burger bar we should have but we filmed
kissing we had the most important stuff
here we've got our milkshake chocolate
banana that's like my favorite
milkshake when I was a kid we would
always have Sunday milkshakes at my
friend's house they would all always
have a bunch of people over and I would
always get chocolate banana because it
was like this really refreshing
milkshake and I always that's like one
of my favorite milkshakes to get ever
there on the Food Network by the way
mm-hmm this literally was the worst tiny
we do not have time to shop like this
my favorite sandals ever were or still
are because I still have them I've had
them for three years they were born
sandals they are great for your feet
especially with doing hair I need like
good supportive shoes so born sandals no
shoes are good
I bought these hunter sandal at the
beginning of the summer and I've loved
them I have worn them all the time
non-stop yep all summer long and I don't
think they should have broke on me
because they babe okay shouldn't've so I
mean they're stinking cute but I need
some sandals so we're gonna see if
there's any here didn't work and I'm
supposed to be really nice so I'm gonna
see if they have like a return thing or
a warranty thing on them I don't know
where things do and you can't do it
without a shoe what do you do without a
shoe yet they were able to find my
purchase through my card return the pink
shoes and then I found the cheapest
shoes just to get me by for the rest of
the summer so don't live by anything
like nice or anything crazy right now so
these were 25 bucks so so wait so we're
here in Salt Lake at City Creek and my
dad was telling me he's like my good
buddy from growing up I can't remember
if he was junior high or high school but
has an art studio in Salt Lake
his name is al rounds and we just found
a studio so we're gonna go inside until
we can find some great immorality like
we love like scenic art like there's so
much different kind but this is like
what my dad told me to tell him hi so
I'm gonna see if he's here went Wow
we'll be back at four d'arnot yeah we'll
just kind of peek in and see worst
timing ever times two we don't have the
best luck today do we my dad's friend
wasn't there so we're just kind of
peeking through and see what we can see
I want that giant elephant somewhere in
our bedroom examples of different real
live miracle warnings designed by
individuals from entrepreneurs
stay-at-home moms the high school and
college students to fit their unique
schedules I'm ready meet me here in five
minutes
I just want to thank you for all that
you've done and for those that have knew
this season and we continue to join us
thank you probably that you've quickly
adapted into our family and for the
great work that you've brought so we're
back here with studio C and we are going
to help part of it tonight and Jared is
doing a live Facebook stream on Facebook
so he's just over there talking to the
crew this is so cool there are so many
people involved with this like I kind of
note knew a little bit about it actually
being here and seeing all of the workers
and seeing all the computers and the
bikes behind the scene it is like a full
production and it is really cool so your
videos are really fun they do a comedy
skit
so you were an old lady but you acted
the part extremely well that is it's
like an exfoliating mask maybe or do you
feel like gross after so it's not on
your cheeks or anything just your nose
and what's in your mouth the solution to
get the nose off why is it in your mouth
it tastes really gross do you guys
remember a few videos back when I was
talking about how I thought it would be
fun kind of like an interior designer
but somebody to help you find clothes to
style your body why I ended up finding
someone emailing them and long story
short somebody told me that it was
actually Jared he is the producer for
Studio C it's his wife that I contacted
she's gonna come to my house if he found
Monday we're gonna kind of go through my
closet and like piece whatever I have
items together she's gonna kind of help
me know how to dress my body a little
bit better and then maybe in the future
she'll go shopping with me as well so
they made you bald and now I'm now
you're getting hair that looks so good
you guys have been working on him all
night
totally worth fats in tanning we get
flowers it is a wedding I'm gonna be the
real best man now it's official I
wouldn't be able to do it myself
I would totally poke myself I would lead
all over the place
that was the funnest we just finished
our escape with seriousiy and it was
awesome like my energy will get anyway
I'll save the day okay my first ever
selfie with the ring light it looks good
I think we should get one of these for
your beauty videos it looks so good oh
that's great Ellie starts yes I
interrupted I was gonna say it you
thought I was gonna fall asleep
no little-known vlogging fact you're not
vlogging me properly or we start almost
any single clip we always look at our
hair that's right
fix our hair Haley just did that for
about 30 seconds before I don't think
that every time but I was sitting here
cuz my head hurts us doing this I looked
as I oh I look like a man
wait there's that I'm like looking like
a man Elliot I look like a man well I
did not fall asleep Jared and I are on
our way home listening to the miracle
morning a book that we have to just you
know what while it's just about like
getting motivated getting going with
your day starting early so we've been
really enjoying listening to that
together
let's go book that's such a good day I
feel so blessed that we have so many
amazing opportunities to meet people and
see their talents and be a part of other
people's it was fun being with you all
day like I love they like you guys know
Jared and I are together all day like a
lot of times like we're not it's like
this was really nice to like you need to
get there like I missed the kids it was
really nice just to be with you so thank
you guys so much for watching we really
do appreciate it we had so much fun
doing the live chat talking with you
guys is so much fun
you guys trial
you
