he is Benji singing to the radio watch
he'll do the chorus ready here we go
do you dance do you Steve
Calvin are you guys still there this kid
he keeps crawling up on there I need to
move it
that's his favorite spot in grandma's
house it is 7 o'clock Calvin just woke
up today thank you for not waking up at
5:00 and Jared and I were up so late
last night cuz we were starting to order
some of the stuff for our house with a
couch that we were my order is from
Restoration Hardware for the basement
but it won't be delivered to like
November they won't give us a day of
shipping until the end of October so
this morning we had some things that we
were gonna do but I think we should
scratch it get ready we were to take the
Builder some lunch and then go get some
couches so we're gonna go couch shopping
today again it shouldn't be sad it just
sounds like a lot of work right now
maybe it's cuz it's early okay we'll go
couch shopping and I'll put a smile on
my face you doing it are you break
dancing like those guys he was he was
just rolling on the floor there you go
yeah break dance buddy break dance
morning guys today is going to be
another jam-packed day we have some fun
things that planned well not I guess I
should say we're kind of flip-flopping
and I think that's one of the hard
things about building houses we're like
we pick one thing and then we're like do
we really want to do that or during the
couch last night yeah and we both were
just like I don't want to buy things
just to buy them you know we don't have
to fill our spaces yes we're gonna be in
the house for a long time so we have a
long time to fill up with okay so we
just ended up exiting out of our order
and we're gonna
a few other stores today and if we don't
see anything we like we'll just sell on
it and wait for a minute but get it cuz
we're looking at couches we're gonna sit
on it yeah so we're gonna go to a few
stores and sit on some couches and try
something oh oh one thing that I forgot
to mention is the air conditioning we
have the entire day a couple days ago
dedicated to we had to leave our house
cuz the air conditioning was broken well
update on that it is fixed and what
happened was an earwig ate through a
capacitor I don't know how that's even
possible the capacitor sounds like
something that would totally shock and
your wig like that because earwigs are
like this big but they're like some of
the ugliest bugs I've ever seen in my
life so the landlord got that all taken
care of
thank you very much and now we have AC
in our house we have a lot to do this
month oh my goodness jared is clearing
we already emptied all these out we're
just taking everything that was on top
of them sock drawer and oh yes these
socks so take your socks out and my
friend actually from high school is
buying our dresser because this will fit
in our guest bedroom downstairs but we
are going to part with this because
we'll have an icepick closet it's kind
of like a sad I know this guy for seven
years you know it's been really really
great I love this brand my mom got this
when I graduated high school it's
bassett and it just it's made very nice
lace you got a final winning well it's
kind of the things I graduated and then
you married me like two days after so we
got I say mom but mom and dad like I
appreciate it I really do but we're
gonna part ways with this but we'll
definitely keep this nice bed set
forever and ever it's so nice Oh BAM
Wham
he's my supersize drink and food check
jared is just chopping up some food to
the workers and look at the rock
I am so absolutely thrilled like the
colors in it are beautiful I'm so glad
this is the first thing Jared and I
picked out whoa really
in there this is the first I'm not
touching the zoom it's just going out
yep yep just did that by itself okay
the Rockets that Jared and I picked out
and I think it's honestly one of my
favorite things about the house I laid
some beach towels down so that when they
bring the dresser down it can sit nicely
on the beach towels and not the gross
ground and keep it from like scratching
or anything Jared and Joel are upstairs
taking it apart or at least the mirror I
know my friends gonna pick it up later
tonight thanks Joel II gotta get your
glove on huh can you hold this end for
me oh he wants both gloves on first
help me downstairs oh he literally is
whole thing I'm barely holding on
yeah good thing I'm gonna take these
downstairs
how are you hacking McGee oh my gosh you
know it's like I I feel okay it's just I
have a little congestion in my car we've
never had a cough like that in the
middle of the night I was like I did
you're gonna die it was bad so jared has
like off of my mouth every time I get in
this line it the trays at tight ends my
mouth ripped apart like I just pour this
gives me a little insight of babies and
how they feel teaching I just I want to
grip my mouth and it hurts and it
bothers me and Calvin right now is a
snotty mess he's teething a molar and
it's just been so rough on him so it
sounded like you said I thought you have
a cough in your mouth
that I have a cough in your mouth uh-huh
that's what you said it's someone like
it anyway so Jared how's the coffin my
mouth
am i delirious I don't know I think
we're all hungry we've been sitting in
some couches and this is one of them
this is a Basset couch that we and okay
there we go
so you always have to do put your kids
in crazy situations get them out
that gives me anxiety okay there you go
he's happy huh that's kind of a cool
little thing though that's nice those
stories oh wow look at the slow shutter
yeah so anyway we are sitting in this
one and we like it but there are not
very many couches out there that make a
deep seat yeah right
other ones that we've been looking at at
Restoration Hardware I think this is
like a 36-inch I was like a 40 something
like a 40 42 or deep inches deep and we
really like that so we can like sit
together on the couch and like just lay
down and it's good cuz it's for the
basement yeah lousy couch you mean
that's it so I think after sitting in
these and feeling them and thinking
we'll probably go back to our original
reasons but it's good to get our options
because it won't make me feel better
spending the sectionals or section but
the whole reason why we're like maybe we
should reconsider is because it it's
gonna be like two months before we can
get the couch gonna be that way we might
as well get the one that we yeah we
pulled up to our second house that we've
been looking at artwork with and artwork
is extremely personal I have the really
beautiful piece that we're putting in
the laundry room that my grandma painted
we'll have family pictures in the house
but we need some like art and it's been
really hard I don't really like online
shopping for artwork and we went to a
little studio yesterday that I found
some things I liked
and today the
the place that Jared's dad got his
artwork from and he kept saying you need
to go you need to go I just like yeah
maybe and we came and I loved it like I
was like an aw and the guys are doing it
for 50 years
this is Deniz living they moved to
Chicago they worked for like 20 years
then they moved him they finished up
working they have a beautiful view
beautiful home I was walking through
their home and the lady looked like my
grandma she did and she smelled good
like their sign about her maybe a rocker
and I was looking at all these these
pictures lengths found some really
pretty light pink ones flowers and
that's kind of what I'm thinking of
friend living hers I could really like
maybe like a flowering piece and I
started falling like the ugly cry like I
couldn't talk touching that you could
feel a certain like feeling a spiritual
feeling in their home and I really liked
it it really like that really good with
with my soul I loved it it felt the best
yeah I mean it there's something about
like someone's talent talent being you
know like I moved my certain music and I
was really moved by their talent so I
really liked it sunshine in my pocket
he is singing to the radio watch he'll
do the chorus ready here we go
do you dance did you please sing into
the radio
when we have been in the car today and
music has been on he has been singing a
few of the word and he starts it like
we're not singing along first like he's
the one who's like dance dance I'm like
son
 it yeah mr. mister I work so hard
to put the water and don't drain it
please Jackson is getting a pre bath
before bath you know just soaking up the
water absorbing into your jeans and
diaper it's not your bath this is a good
way to clean fits for the summer
oh no Calvin thinks it's so gross seeing
babies and like saggy diaper we just got
home new you are getting big but their
kids are playing in the water table
taking baths you're getting big show me
what you've been doing jump on out of
there
you've been getting in jumping out
that's so cool don't you think about it
wash your bum good add your head
don't forget kelvins
oh good job that will cool them off real
nice alright guys well the kids are in
bed and Ellie is asleep so we are going
to go ahead and end the vlog I wanted to
let you guys know that the winners of
the giveaway will be announced either
tomorrow or the following day Ellie and
I are still going through all of the
comments and reading all of the
wonderful things so thank you guys for
your patient it will be announced soon
we have a big fun day tomorrow so make
sure you guys are subscribed to see that
and be sure to give the video a big
thumbs up and by the way I'm just on the
green screen just here in my office so
do with that as well you will I guess
let me know if you do anything with that
on Twitter or something like that anyway
see you guys tomorrow thanks for
watching bye
