now this is summer being in a backyard
being in a box and coloring what are you
doing in here oh you're putting on
lipstick it's not mommy's lipstick
well good morning or do you guys believe
if I told you this is my second time
outside this morning the Sun has just
come up like an hour or so ago I was up
at five o'clock this morning full-blown
awake for the day with mr. Calvin
yeah Calvin woke up at 5:00 this morning
and it was like totally awake I thought
let's embrace it so we went outside
Calvin and I swung on the hammock and we
watched the Sun come up and it was
really really actually a sweet moment
you made eggs were out for the day it is
bright and early
he's 6:30 in the morning oh okay we just
got home
Jackson we just got home oh you're going
through my legs we just got home and
house we're I'm getting stuff out of the
van I think I saw the air conditioning
guy pull up which is awesome
I didn't think they're gonna be here
until like nine o'clock and it's still
like 7:30 so this is perfect so they're
gonna come in hopefully fix the air
conditioning and that way our house will
be cool it's actually still pretty warm
inside the house even upstairs is still
pretty warm and it's a lot cooler
outside so we'll open up some windows
until then and it's gonna be great we're
gonna have a good day we're gonna stop
by the house because they're gonna do
some stuff and we have a meeting with
like the hardwood floor guy and that's
gonna be exciting that's like one of the
biggest things in the house that like
changes the look of it I can't wait are
you guys all just play in hanging out I
just heard you say the cutest thing
Boston he said Jackson I love you I love
you we came over to Bonnie's house to
say hi to see her new kitchen it's
stunning and the kids are playing it
she's just kind of picking up cutting
stuff away I think Jared's gonna bring
us over a treat before we go over to the
dentist because before you go to the
dentist you're supposed to eat cookies
right and this little guy was so fast
and ran through that mud I need a white
from that his hands so dirty why did you
turn it on good as they don't I was just
I was just gonna say don't turn out
don't turn it off I mean I saw on the
van and said the key fob has left the
vehicle I was like what the heck Elia
had the key in the diaper bag and we
just dropped off Jackson and Calvin so
we could go to our dentist appointment
I guess that is one thing that I don't
love
a lot of cars in the newer car I have
you the key and inserting and turning it
on I don't like having the key that you
just like put right here and you can
start the car with the button that's the
one and only thing I don't like about
like new I love it
but sometimes we're forgetful like I
love I think it's so inconvenient
Wow Wow yeah okay well to make he told
me that he's gonna get the biggest drill
to fix your teeth oh I'm good just make
sure you keep me slim you know this
camera only adds two pounds out of ten
this is the slim version I love to one
so you could see it yeah they look like
they're tracking good thanks for doing
that
so have you liked Invisalign has been
good uh-huh that was the most ridiculous
dentist point of dentist appointment
I've ever been to it was the fastest how
were you done with the filling before me
my Invisalign they just changed her
trays and I was done first so this is
what happened is I had my teeth done and
I didn't have any numbing stuff done
because I'm a man Elliot I don't need
any numbing stuff I'm tough no actually
it was just it was so small that they
didn't have to numb anything and oh did
they bring it back oh thanks dad oh
thank goodness thank you Dad for doing
that it was so shallow that they didn't
have to know anything so I was just like
just changing and I was done it
literally took like two minutes one
thing before we go is as I was waiting
for the dentist to come to me Jared was
in the back helping them the whole
dentist office was quiet and Jared has
been sick
jared has not been sleeping he's tired
and all sudden I noticed that the whole
dentist office was talking and then
laughing and it continued to be that way
as we walked out the door and I just ice
out there and in my own little booth
quiet no one by me and I just thought I
don't appreciate you all the time you're
gonna make me cry like know it's funny
because I read a comment one time in
someone's like you guys are so unreal
and I just I laughed because our life is
pretty much a laughing ball I mean yes
we have downs yes we get upset with each
other and I get we get irritated and we
get impatient but one of the things that
I love the most about Jared and I with a
relationship is we get over things
quickly and as I was sitting there the
whole office is laughing I just thought
like that is nice because I know that
you are sick and I know that you are
tired and they wouldn't have known that
no one knew that but you made everyone's
day and so I just thought that was
really sweet so I wanted hurry and tell
you we lost our keys Simar tired and we
are hungry so we're gonna go pick up
lunch and I can't wait to have a kitchen
so I can make lunch and cuz we've been
eating a lot lately cuz we've been
running but I love you I love you but
seriously can you stop coughing because
it's been really annoying
you know the shorts that Jared just
bought got a hole in them returned them
got new shorts turnaround that's intense
I won't even pause they're literally
bigger than two weeks old and they're
big like they're not they're not the
right size like they're bigger than
they're supposed to be yeah they're
bigger than they're supposed to be
they just started to rock on the house
our kids are asleep at Grandma Grandpa's
house but one of the workers his son is
here and he is sitting in the dirt
scooping cute that's so sweet
Ellie was so excited to look at she
didn't even show the rock so I'm gonna
bring it over here and just show you it
looks fasting and good look how awesome
this looks this looks so good
individually like Tetris yeah these guys
are the best Tetris players I've ever
seen look so good the colors well I mean
the colors looks so good and there'll be
a little darker and some because there's
some dust on here but tomorrow we'll
bring him this is so awesome
there's something even down like right
there look at all of this look at all of
this look at all of this Ellie I could
not be more thrilled right now this
looks so amazing I just can't get over
how cute that little boy is he's like 8
years old 7 years old
and he keeps grabbing the rock guy -
they're bringing him to his dad and it's
like yes take your kid to work outta
work I don't know I think that is why
I'm just so giddy I can't wait to bring
Jackson tomorrow and bring him lunch and
have Jackson take a few out to help
yeah I definitely think we should run
straight down this way because I think
lines like that right over here will
just like look really short and choppy
and just won't feel as smooth throughout
we just figured out the wood floor a lot
of times they'll like bevel the edges so
when you walk on the floor there's just
a little bit bumps because they're all
beveled but Mama's kitchen is all feel
nice and blasting with your mom's
yeah well and I like that because you
can slide on it and I think it's more
and if you look here that's a long
distance to slide so that's gonna give
us like really good
sliding areas and I think that's really
important for me in a house it's having
a long sliding area you look at me like
I'm joking around mom Oh Jarrod is just
here in our bedroom measuring for a TV
you know okay this is so insane while we
were talking to the hardware guy and
you're just kind of going over the
calendar I got when the tire will start
hardwood cabinets paint and whatnot and
our timeline is pretty much what we've
thought from the beginning around the
1st of September they'll be finishing up
so we'll probably be moving in like that
week of September the 14th through the
20th is about when we'll probably be
moving and they'll just be finishing up
cabinets at the first this is the very
first month is that 70-inch little too
big anyway is that crazy so the first in
September we'll probably going to be
packing up a lot of our stuff and doing
our house stuff so then we'll have about
2 weeks left and then we've been crazy
Hajer
now this is summer being in a backyard
being in a box and coloring what are you
doing in here oh you're putting on
lipstick mommy's lipstick keep color on
the box yes that's it you've been in
here scribbling huh oh good thing
grandma has three of them whoa there you
go this is so fun so fun I can't wait
til we have some grass and a yard to
play in so fun an airplane to fly yeah
I don't know why this is so interesting
to me but I never thought I would say
this we're at the fine art gallery and
the reason is because there's a couple
pieces that Ellie and I would love to
get for the inside of the house one
specifically is in my office I would
love to get just this really cool
black-and-white landscape photo in my
office if you look here these three
paintings are all done by the same
artist and I think that that bison over
there is just amazing I think it's so
beautiful
I think I'm getting black and white
curtains in my office and then on the
opposite side black and white
photography a landscape and I think it
would just be absolutely stunning in my
office so that's what we're doing is
we're we're here at the the gallery the
fine art gallery and we may have brought
the kids and they're strapped in because
no touching what a huge day I can't
remember everything that we did but we
just ended it with another meeting with
our finishing guy we went over Jared's
office desks kitchen shelves lots of
things I'm a little nervous about this
my desk and granted the size of my
office because my desk is huge my office
is tiny so we might have to revisit that
the light is flashing so I think I
better say goodbye before it cuts me off
thank you guys so much for watching and
we will see you guys tomorrow
thanks for watching bye
