I feel as though I should give a warning
before I show you this because it's
pretty nasty
good job Calvary no he did good today he
didn't have any accent say I am very
proud of Kelvin my Mountain Dew all 44
ounces of it spilt everywhere in his car
good morning guys and this bathroom has
been used and abused the last few days
I'm so proud of Kelvin he just went
potty on the toilet and he is so proud
of himself I'm so proud of him Cal and I
are just hanging out this morning and
I'm just looking online at a few baby
things
hi mr. cow I'm so proud of you
he has the biggest smile on his face and
I just pulled out a few baby items is
that your tree that you got she was show
him your bucket of prizes okay let's go
show him I'll tell you guys my story in
a minute this is our bathroom right now
what it looks like my hand sanitizer
garbage bag cars reading him books
Calvin if he goes potty he can choose
some books or he can choose this is just
a bunch of treats that we have there I'm
just looking online at a few swaddle
blankets and I remembered the blanket
that my mom she started making this I
think I have the story right when Ruby
was a baby but she didn't finish it
until I came along and that she had it
in the nursery and so I pulled this out
and I just thought how cute is this that
my mom made as a bear and just all sorts
of cute little animals on there and she
made this and finished it she gave it to
me a few years ago so I think I'm gonna
put this in the nursery and then this
was wrapped up in it this was my I think
my blessing dress when I was a baby I
thought that was so cute so I'm gonna
wrap these back up put them away and I
think I'll make sure to keep this out
when we kind of decorate in here which
probably won't be much to be honest like
I you know our furnitures grand and
great we'll probably redo this stuff
we'll probably make it a little
different for the baby but as far as
like furniture this is what we have so
be somebody everyone I made it back from
church and something has been on my mind
since yesterday or two days ago my air
pod it has disappeared into the abyss of
the car underneath the emergency brake
and there's no way of getting to it with
just my fingers so I'm debating today
whether or not to take apart and destroy
my car to get that air pod because
there's like one of two scenarios that
we can go down this path I can spend one
hundred and fifty nine dollars and get a
new air pod set but I only need one so
is there like something and is there a
different way that I can just get one I
don't know if there is so I can just go
get another set for $159 or I can take
apart my car and try and save that one
air pod what would you do in my
situation would you destroy your car
because honestly that's probably what's
gonna happen I might destroy my car cuz
I have no idea what I'm doing I don't
work with those cars like that or buy a
new one what would you do Ellie what do
you think I should do in this situation
not buying a new car taking apart our
current car that so I can get the air
pot my air pot is stuck underneath it
do you not did I tell you that whole
story Littlefinger's Calvin I need some
little fingers but seriously what would
you do if we just have another
successful bout at the toilet I heard a
flush that means good news good job
Calvary no so far never had any
accidents but he has the bladder of like
an adult person and like hardly ever
this is how many times today
- no accidents and he's only gone two
times and it's like 4:00 p.m. he drinks
so much but he only goes so infrequently
I'm not sure if it's he's holding it
because he know he's not in a diaper or
he just doesn't go that frequently but
you know it's kind of funny
yeah yeah he just has a good buzz yes
but I love when I hear Calvin and Ellie
in the bathroom go yay because Calvin
gets so excited because he wants to
flush the toilet himself too so little
victories like that are just fun to see
when you're you know potty training do
you remember doing all of that stuff
when you were potty training yeah what
would you get when you would go potty
yeah you would get little toys and
treats instead everything like that huh
I'm about to embark on an adventure
today and I'm nervous about it because
there's kind of a joke in my family and
I kind of love of the opinion like
there's almost like a truth to every
joke or a truth every lie kind of I
don't know if that's factual with
everything but in this case I feel like
it is there's a running joke in my
family on my side of the family that I
ruin everything
case in point when my brother and I were
younger he was driving off to college
and I was lucky enough to drive with him
in his car to college and it was so
exciting because I was independent I was
away from my parents he was 18 19 I was
eight or nine we have a ten-year
difference my brother Ryan and I and we
were driving to Idaho and we were like
okay you can get whatever you want at
the gas station this is going to be
great I got a big mountain dew before I
was really converted to dr. pepper the
gas station is literally probably three
blocks from my house very close to our
house where we grew up in Spokane we
filled up with gas we got the drinks and
we took off and the instant that we took
off my Mountain Dew all 44 ounces of it
spilt everywhere in his car we were both
obviously pretty upset at the beginning
because that kind of put a big damper in
the trip but now we laugh about it it's
a funny joke but the point of the story
is I took something that was going to be
fun and exciting and I ruined it within
the first five minutes now this family
joke or curse if you will is kind of one
of the reasons that I have a heart
I'm taking on new things like building
things building things from scratch
trying something new is because more
often than not I'm gonna ruin it working
on cars is something that I I know how
to change a tire there's a few things
that I can do with cars that I'm
confident in because I've done that
before I repeated it but missing with
the internals of a car is something that
I've never done before and that's why I
told you this story I am nervous that
I'm going to destroy this car by trying
to rescue the air pod from the emergency
brake area it seems like something that
would be pretty easy I just have to
remove this entire thing right here and
it may be easy it may be difficult I
don't know I've never done it before
but going along with the moral of the
story
chances are Jared you may ruin this car
by doing that so do I ruin the car to
rescue this air pod or do I just go get
some new air paws I don't know or do we
just get a new car after I ruin it I'm
probably going to destroy this car I
hope not
let's do it together Do It Yourself
maintenance chapter 7 page 295 holy crap
so I have confirmed that none of the
information that I need is in this book
so I've noticed a few things I probably
shouldn't have done that
it specifically says do not remove from
vehicle sorry sorry manual a couple of
things about this console it looks like
it definitely has some areas where you
can get into it you know like here let
me show I see this line right here I'm
following it all the way back and it
comes up right here and then comes along
all the way down to here and I'm
wondering is if that is the piece that I
need right here to get out all right so
to recap earpods
one missing fell into the emergency
brake area I ruin everything
and the owners manual does not say
anything I'm wondering if there's a way
to kind of pry this up without cracking
or breaking flathead screwdriver that
might be able to help me pry this open
the flathead came up oh I don't know if
that's a good sign or a bad sign but
it's a sign nonetheless oh my gosh oh no
that is not good I feel as though I
should give a warning before I show you
this because it's pretty nasty so if you
don't want to see this skip ahead just a
little bit it's gross so this is part of
the car that never ever gets cleaned but
apparently things fall into all of the
time and it's gross
oh my gosh look fall in there there's
like and this is all stuff not even from
us from the previous owner to last
arbres Trident we don't you try to gum
stickers gunk oh that's so nasty okay
but where's the air pod
do you guys see the airpot where the
heck is the air pot oh my gosh please
don't tell me it fells through some
warehouse I do not see an air pod oh oh
wait wait I think I see it I think I
found ear fun okay okay okay there it is
yes okay all right see how tiny this is
like yeah oh that's nasty
now these waterproof can I wash these
that's gross yes I have a fully
functioning well I don't know if it's
functioning but a full piece air pot
both pieces inside yes I feel like this
is like you know that video of Casey
nice not his greatest achievement where
he got the drone I kind of feel a little
bit like that right now guys let's just
see I can get the car put back together
without destroying it actually before I
put it back I should probably do my due
diligence and clean out that thing
because it is nasty
okay I feel a little bit better about
that let's see if we can get this back
on
snap oh come on buddy
sweet sweet I have something that I want
to show you miss le belly I took apart
the car and look god I think I did it
successfully yes here's the thing so I
have both of these air pods but I just
have a sneaking suspicion that none of
this would have ever happened if I had
ladies and gentlemen boys and girls
welcome today heat o'clock news first up
on the agenda today we're gonna turn the
time over to LD Mika mushy gives an
update on Kelvin and potty training
potty training was really good today it
is a very draining process Calvin was
much more receptive today than he was
yesterday so I'm hoping that just
continues on for tomorrow um lots of
wiping up I went sanitize all the
bathrooms today I'm like there's lots of
P every where I'm really proud of him so
hopefully tomorrow will be just as good
but I mean I say oh it's good but I do
want to you guys to know like obviously
potty training is can be draining and
stressful and and all of that wonderful
stuff but at the end of the day I am
very proud of Calvin and I'm very just
happy so fun
I'm I was just thinking I'm I'm glad
there's pee in the bathroom and not in
other rooms oh yeah no he did good today
he didn't have any accent say when he
woke up he peed in his diaper but then
after that he didn't have any accidents
today yeah but I don't know if he's
holding it yeah because I smile on a
diaper
yeah I've been texting Jennifer Emily
and Julie all of them have just gone
through potty training with their babies
and I'm like so how often do you put how
often do they get do you put your kids
on the toilet cuz I just remember it
first with Kate Jackson was like every
20 minutes
but like with Calvin it's been like I
asked him every 30 minutes but I put him
on every hour but he what goes like
every two or three and a half hours so
I'm like figure that's normal so Jackson
does he goes every like four hours for
life so when that's the other thing is
each kid is different and it's gonna you
have to adjust your potty training a
little bit differently with each kid
totally we're learning yeah good day
thank you guys so much for watching I'm
going to crash okay I want to say one
other thing though in church today I was
talking with someone who plays the piano
while I leave the music and she played a
song that just reminds me of my grandma
and I can hear my grandma's voice
singing that specific song and it just
takes me transports me back to when she
was around because you could hear her
you know eighty-year-old voice you know
shake as she's saying the song my my
dad's mom yeah yeah oh yeah Ellie's
never met her she passed away when I was
16 17 somewhere around there but and
then she got to talking about songs that
remind her of people and I just think
music is so powerful and I love music
and I'm grateful for it the past week I
have had the greatest showmen stuck in
my head and it's just powerful music and
I love it and there's so many different
songs that take me to different places
and remind me of different people and
I'm grateful for my parents who have
taught me the importance of music and I
wanted to ask you as we end the video
today what's a song that reminds you of
someone and who is it and takes you
somewhere and where does it take you
where's a song that reminds you of
somewhere special let me know because I
would love to hear your magical music
moments you know that's cute yeah
yeah exactly so leave that down below
and we will call it a night thank you
guys for watching and we'll see you
tomorrow bye
