a string of mommy here you go there ya
go
that'll be fun
you
I was a second too late hi Oh
what I haven't done I just woke up like
this yeah I know I know I saw it the
other day it looks better right yeah but
I thought you're handsome who shave his
head Oh Ellie Ellie does a good job of
lying here recycle yeah you guys having
a party here can you show Khan how you
pull up us Oh lemon yeah that like a kid
stop what about how do you say more MORE
he's trying well he's getting there more
Kelvin say wha I know what a cutie oh
now he's already calling girlfriends on
the cell phone he's just growing up so
quick hey you
she must have hung up on him I'm gonna
text my girlfriend give it to me he's
waiting everyone's had theirs
he knows that there's a foot look he's
just like no go get dad Calvin go get
daddy
I get it he was waiting so mom and I
have to show you guys something if you
don't mind since we've already checked
out the picture so first I have to show
you a few cool paintings my grandma
painted this and then my grandma she
painted for all the grandkids a really
small picture yeah just like these for
the kids like this is probably rubies
and there are some downstairs as well
and then this one is Balinese that would
be so cute in Olivia's room I'm
surprised she hasn't transferred it over
there yet well maybe get your picture
and then there is this one that she has
painted as well and there's one last one
that she's painted that I'll show you
but my grandma painted these little
pictures for all the grandkids but Julie
and I are kind of more of the younger
grandkids and we didn't get a painting
and which is okay because all these
bigger paintings that she's painted and
we can choose the bigger ones
and mom said you know when you move into
your home you know if you want anything
take it now and I definitely want to
incorporate something in our home now
because it's not like it's not realistic
that you'll do it later
and so I've been thinking like what
picture dress I think I found the one
and I asked mom today and you are a
hundred percent okay
yes so I chose the picture today I think
this will be really pretty in our
laundry room because my cabinets are
this color of blue right here it's like
exactly this color and so this will be
really pretty in there and I have a few
really nice items that I've had from
growing up that I'm gonna put above the
countertop so I'm really excited to get
my room together Julie can still pick
from one of these yep and Julie you have
all the other picking so mom and Ellie
are here talking about rock in the
backyard and everything just what they
see and notice and builders and
everything well Ellie I want to show you
the first thing that I noticed coming in
the backyard come follow me this way
follow me okay
take a look at that swing set Ellie yeah
you guys already replaced them Oh see so
the kids all lose them or get caught on
them - no that's one thing I always did
is I always ripped my shorts on those s
hooks they're really nice yeah they look
great mom how much do I owe you
wha-wha all those memories I can't repay
that I'll try
those are nice well let Landon fix them
for you
oh oh did he gosh the one day he's here
he's here this ring of mommy here you go
there ya go
that'll be fun and this ladies and
gentlemen is why grandmas are the best
she is packing up a lunch for all of us
and we're gonna go out in the backyard
we're gonna have a little delicious
lunch
yeah yeah your ways of making sandwiches
like I look at him classic hot mom made
sandwiches spinach and cucumbers oh
that's good sounds good
yeah cucumber sound delicious right now
should we go have lunch you're not ready
to jump down are yet 1 2 3 jump
whoo hmm yeah again give Lincoln hugs
okay maybe next time don't worry Lincoln
I'll give you a hug if anybody wants a
good sandwich do spinach turkey cheese
mayo mustard and cucumbers but on the
cucumbers good sandwich mom we figured
since we were down here in town we might
as well stop at this appliance center
that our builder wants us to go and pick
out some like washers and dryers and all
of that good stuff he was already in
there so she's probably paid about it
she's so perfect so we're here at the
appliance store and Jackson is just
loving running around in fact the owners
they're like hey we have a TV if he
wants to watch some TV so they put on
Sponge Bob but he kept on exploring and
we walked up through this way over here
and they have like a mattress section
and everything and sure enough we have
some friends over here Jackson are you
having fun you're playing with animals
ha ha are you having fun over here
playing with these kids another one
another pillow okay you guys be good the
owners kids are over there just kind of
hanging out and having fun during the
summer and they're like Jackson why
don't you come over and play and so
they're playing over there and it's just
like the cutest thing ever
I think it's fun that the owners kids
are here at the store while they're
working and everything and so they're
not causing any trouble it's it's great
but back to business so the first thing
that we picked out was the refrigerator
and the reason why I'm excited is
because the Builder has like a budget
for everything and his daughter that
built the house that were kind of
replicating it's nice that she has
picked out everything and so if she's
picked out as in the budget for us
mm-hmm and it's this for a church I
actually really liked this one is really
cool though cuz like push this it's like
a separate friendships like a door
inside the door yeah but that's a lot
more but this is the one and I thought
that was really fun though but this is
what we ended up going with and you can
this down so you can have more Todd
drinks and this you can make colder for
drinks if you want ya sake but all my Dr
Pepper they're totally and then your ice
box pretty cool yeah I like it
but what I'm really excited about is the
dishwasher and um um stove washer and
dryer do you want me to cookie simple
please sweetie baby sleepy baby mm-hmm
the ovens here and we were looking at
the bosch double ovens which is a little
more expensive or the Frigidaire double
ovens
double ovens devil whatever um devil the
devil is in your oven but what we really
liked about this one is there is a
little probe right there that you can
put into the meat that you're cooking
and you push probe and then you push
whatever the internal temperature you
want every meat to be at and then when
up when it hits that temperature your
oven will turn off and just keep it warm
so cool huh like our chicken will never
be overcooked ever ever again I thought
that is so cool so we're probably to go
with these ones because they're several
hundred dollars cheaper and I really
liked really like that part of it oh my
goodness gracious just the cutest
washing Calvin you can put all your
clothes in there it's like we go to
Sam's Club and they have the mini ten
yeah
mini washing yeah look at it look at the
wave force go that's cool my house is so
cool
turbo careful when you hit turbo
oh my gosh it looks like that circle do
you want a little washing machine
you're on look at it look at that dad so
our dishwasher and it's a Bosch
dishwasher if it ever were to leak which
is why we never used a dishwasher
growing up that's why it took me six
years ago to start using a dishwasher is
because I just always hand wash the
dishes
so anyway though this dishwasher is if
it does leak it has like a tray where it
holds the water so it won't leak and
then it automatically turns the
dishwasher off so it doesn't like sit
and spill all over the floor so thought
that was really cool and I thought
especially my mom I appreciate that
because to this day my mom still hand
washes all of her dishes I think she
likes it and I like it better too like I
do like hand washing I do that a lot at
home we have started using using our
dishwasher though the past year but I
just thought that was really fun okay
we're back home and we're unloading the
van right now and I brought the suitcase
upstairs because we'll do like laundry
and everything like that but I was
bringing upstairs on Kalakaua this is a
lot harder than normal and I'm like what
the heck is going on just so hot I have
a little little thermostat thing that
tells me what the temperature is
upstairs and downstairs it is 90 degrees
upstairs it is 85 degrees downstairs I'm
like what the heck is happening we
always change our temperature when we
leave the house you know we set it a
little higher so we're not running the
a/c like crazy but something happen so
I'm going outside to check to see what's
going on so I came outside to the a/c
unit and when I got here this was pulled
out a little bit so I put it back in but
nothing happened after that I'm gonna
flip a couple breakers and see what that
does but I'm not sure if that's gonna
fix it this didn't do it because
everything else has power so I'm not
quite sure what else it could be yep
still no luck 84 degrees I'm not sure
what to do I guess this is one of the
reasons I'm grateful we have a landlord
so we don't have to worry about this too
much for at least one month more then
I'll learn everything I need to do so
what happens in our house so hopefully
we can get this fixed before we go to
bed tonight you know it's funny Ellie's
as I was thinking about this this
totally reminds me
of my parents we never had AC growing up
my friends had AC but we never had AC in
Spokane it didn't get as hot as it does
here and you thought and especially
right now was a hundred degrees when we
landed it's like in the higher 90s right
now so this reminds me of home my dad
had a little room air conditioner in his
office cuz he was always working there
we would always just kind of hang out
downstairs in the basement because it
was a lot cooler there or I would just
go to my friend's house just reminds me
of home it's funny when you get into
these situations it takes a while for
you to remember like oh yeah that's what
it was like when I did it so we're in
that situation right now your parents
don't care no it is hotter than sin it's
gone up to 93 degrees up here Calvin was
asleep and then woke up and his read
read read and I just looked in Jackson's
room he's just crawling out he's not
going to be he's ready we're good I
think
I think it's look at his face I got a
sweet face I think it's best if we can't
get the repair guy here which we it's
like seven behind called Tony around 30
but it's hotter than sin I'm not filming
myself cuz I'm not my Nana close I think
it would be safest and best if we slept
at my parents house if we can't get a
guy here should we go sleep at Grandma
Grandpa's Jackson are you excited
okay so we may be at my parents house
but that doesn't mean our ritual is
gonna change in the slightest we've got
a little treat and I'm gonna get the
flash on the TV and we are gonna watch
the flash because this is what we do at
nighttime when the kids go to sleep we
watch the flat Alvin was so happy oh my
gosh his face was no longer red oh yeah
mommy Jackson is so cute he's still
awake but he he's in Grandma and
Grandpa's room because he loves to be in
there mom has her little office in there
and she's on there and so it's just like
they're both in there and I'm sure
they're just kind of like glancing at
each other every once in a while just
smiling I know that's not good to stay
in bed oh yeah jump all over her no no
no he lays in bed it just stays there
like he's good with that we're gonna
call it a night thank you guys so much
for watching oh and I wanted to say this
real quick over the past few days a lot
of new subscribers have come to our
channel so I want to say
thank you for subscribing to our YouTube
channel we film videos every single day
it's about our family we started talking
about infertility pregnancy and now we
have this beautiful family of four and
right now we're building a house and we
cannot be more excited that you guys are
on the adventure with us so thank you
for coming along right and we will see
you guys tomorrow thanks for watching
bye adios book
