oh that sweet that's oh my sugar oh no
how did you even get that I didn't give
it to him did you
where do they get their sweet tooth from
good morning guys were hanging out here
at Bryan and Missy's house and I have to
show you this she's Jackson are you
holding Zuri
yeah you're doing so good he is being so
soft
Eliot yeah oh are you
oh I think so good to share her I know
that's your kitty cow
well the thing is like all he's like
really good with her too like he picks
her up and it was like so good one more
time
and I think Jackson's kind of picking up
let's see if Shawn this she's smelling
you was that silly Jackson huh who's
that silly huh hey Jackson do you want a
kitty or do you want a doggy your dad
ya know you got a dog are you gonna come
help me let's pick up these towels and
we'll go and fold them okay okay I'll
fold one but you have to hold one - wait
where you going you're my helper okay
you can grab that one okay let's go take
him to mommy over here and woof all them
okay there's my helper helping me out
are you still helping me out good job
it's one towel but it's still helpful
right I've until I'm jarred for like the
last few months in like I just wanted to
read I've never really had a desire to
read but I want to and my friend Ashley
Hughes had talked about this book called
the miracle morning and I'm an early
person anyway like I wake up early I
liked like it going with my day I
believe that if you start out your
morning by brushing your teeth making
your bed and just doing a little bit of
blush on like you're good for the day
you can like conquer the day type of
thing like if you could do that by like
8:30 a.m. like I'm good for the day and
I've never read this book but from what
I have seen about it just already I
think that we're really going to like it
and it will fit kind of how we do our to
our routines yeah but children so let's
stop by Target or Walmart on the
my home and buy it but he's downloading
right now so we can actually listen to
it don't breed bugs
I listen to them I love these kind of
books like who moved my cheese it's your
 those are like all books that I
love because they just motivate a little
things to motivate you and change your
life
I'm really excited cuz I've been wanting
to we're gonna be there for selves
together yay Brian Joe senses if we want
to see something incredible and I'm
always up to seeing things oh you see
that bug oh oh my goodness guys look at
this
it's a leaf bug you guys do you see it
looks like a leaf it's not no it's
actually a bug oh that is incredible
like that's so cool
same yeah incredible only it's a leaf
but it's actually a bug that looks like
a leaf so it's safe from predators oh do
you see the candy necklace so yesterday
when we were at Disneyland we bought a
little bucket of popcorn that Jackson
loved and carried around and I loved it
I had this little thing on it and I was
gonna toss it and I thought we paid good
money for that bucket I'm gonna wash it
out and fill it full up sometimes I have
like little snacks in our bag that we
bring on the flight and so I'm told him
that I will let him fill it with some of
his treats and that you can you can take
it on the flight so we open up and we
have some granola bars to put in there
this for Calvin that maybe we could put
in there we have some beef jerky and
stuff that we leave in there and we have
some of these like a sucker and some
some fruit snacks and stuff
perfect it's gonna be so fun to hold
that cool can you put these in there too
yeah
maybe we can even fill some of this in
there does sound kind of fun it'll be
kind of fun to hold your treats okay
close it up can you hold it for me to
show me how much is in there Wow okay
we'll bring that on the flight with us
along with some little books make sure
tell daddy thank you for buying your
popcorn okay make sure tell daddy that
okay and I've had the time of my life
eyes and I never felt this way before
yes I swear this is true and now it all
- you know I'm kidding but seriously
it's kind of really don't know no really
conversation the last 500 Brian and I
were just exploring the possibilities of
maybe having a dr. pepper on tap machine
in our new house
that's all it wasn't like that I don't
know it's kind of two versus one ayan I
bet you have room in your office okay
all in favor for dr. pepper on tap
please show by the uplift at hand all
any opposed if there any I think that
look is abysmal opposition good blog
official we're just sitting here on the
patio having some lunch and it has been
delicious I honestly think the only
thing that's missing other than a dr.
pepper on tap is missing she'd be
sitting right there she's on an airplane
she's going on an adventure
Calvin okay goodbye ah see you later
guys it was so fun so fun playin good
trip it was also good seeing you guys
you want to seriously love the Johnson
family love being here at our friends
house it felt so good to be here it was
so fun I can't wait for everyone to come
up to our home we just saw a bunch of
updates on the house just now so I'm
really excited for that but I'm really
excited to have our friends come and see
our home sometimes some time soon
hopefully
especially this winter what are you two
boys going to do while your girls are
partying haha
good work guys nice day here it's not my
ochio I would do the same Airport put
the girls in the you know all the under
clean
special awesome really thank you Brian
wonderful time love you guys too
beautiful thank you I tell you this is
the way to travel
toddlers very happy and Calvin is fairly
happy I wish someone would carry me Oh
Sandra you want some food
yeah we're starvin we're gonna go find
some food this restaurant has the most
ingenious thing ever and I'm not sure
why no one has thought of this ever
before but first ah that's me cuz that's
oh my sugar Oh No how did you even get
that it's all the way over here how did
you even get that I didn't give it to
him did you
where do they get their sweet tooth from
anyway this restaurant has a theme
called Frings where it's a basket of
half fries and half onion ring every
time we go somewhere legs you want fries
or onion earrings and we could never
decide yeah and they never really do so
brings is the perfect thing it's the
perfect basket of goodness I'm so
excited more people to do that because
it's awesome hey stop eating the paper
that's still it that's disgusting
that song is still living doggy sing is
someone's excited to go on the plane huh
bird
cool
everything's laid off right there lock
positions
metaphors any carry-on items in a ham
here so you can see the bottom for the
overhead bins located directly above you
and also with this gun up a little
something
the Google internet Wi-Fi will be
powering down automatically here
Oh
whoa okay we just landed in Salt Lake
City Utah we're in our van and I'm about
to freak out
whoa Ellie we don't have it officially
done yet okay we have where you're
assuming okay because our parents they
may have texted us but a hundred
thousand two hundred and twenty nine oh
my good thank you
I don't weird that sometimes people
always wanna watch I know and eight
hundred thousand to be precise like
that's crazy
seriously guys thank you so much Jared
and I thought especially right now we
wanted to do a little giveaway to give
one of you guys to g7x it we already
talked about yesterday so instead of
just giving one away I just made the
executive decision that I think we
should give 200 oh my gosh are you
serious and she never said anything
about that so jess is even giving one or
two away isn't it at least shows a
little appreciation and I'm really
excited to whoever gets it that we'll be
able to Skype and talk to you guys
answer YouTube questions and answer you
know a few editing questions so maybe
even make friends like you know real
line babies I'm go ahead and comment
down below of what you would do with the
camera that I guess that's a better way
to put is what would you do with the
camera and there's a comment yes
today's video that I read that I took a
snapshot that I thought I think she
deserves a camera comment that down
below and we will pick two winners and
we'll announce it just here in a few
days so just keep your eye out
and that's my schpeel by going through
Twitter and making sure to like all of
your guys's tweets towards us especially
right now I just told Jared I said
feel okay what was my word edge I mean
it's it's very humbling like it's so
it's crazy that that this happened but
it's also kind of sad that it's it takes
these big milestones for us to think
about it to be humbled again you know we
should be extremely grateful all the
time for what we have and I do feel like
we are grateful but especially when
there is such I don't I don't even know
how to word a such heaviness to it right
now like 800 I guess that's mine there's
a lot of weight to it yeah and so I just
told you I said it's sometimes that that
it takes those big moments to humble
yourself I definitely feel like we are
continually being humbled like whether
it's a story comment whatever it may be
I think it's good to be humble we all
should be humbled many times in our
lives I think that's what makes us all
stronger I think you're exactly right
and I and I want people to know like I
want people to know like from the bottom
of our heart how grateful we are like we
don't take this lightly
we really don't we know that there's a
lot of people watching and we know that
a lot of people we talk about you guys
like when we're doing stuff we say
should be fill mission should we not
should like we think about others who
think about your guys's emotions we
think about our emotions and how you
know we communicate back and forth
through each other it's not face to face
sometimes we're goofy sometimes we're
silly and sometimes run lame but we want
you guys to know that you are on our
minds all of the time there's not much
that we can do to to give back what you
guys have given us and so we feel like
we're indebted all we really know how to
do with a giveaway here and therebut is
to say thank you and to show our
gratitude and show our appreciation so
can't review what we and to continue to
do why we started this to you know
hopefully bring a light into someone's
lives and we know that there's others
that do that with us and it is
appreciated and it
and this is a dream oh my god never even
thought that this could be possible and
it is a dream and I am so happy and we
are so blessed so if you guys want to
maybe have a little positivity in your
life hit the subscribe button if you
feel like you know someone who needs a
little boost in their life tell them
about our YouTube channel and we'll do
our best to share a little happiness
thank you guys so much for watching
today and every day and we'll see you
guys like always tomorrow
I can't believe we're gonna go see our
house tomorrow it's crazy bye
