yeah he's coming there are kids
good morning guys it feels so good to
wake up and to go outside like to have a
house in the yard it feels so good like
the kids are done playing and they
migrate towards each other like they go
the chickens to playing the toys they
just follow each other and this one how
do is so nice - it's just so fun to sit
under here and look out into the
beautiful area so pretty the battery
flashing the better charges so we can so
we can go on our wonderful adventure
here in California we've been having a
blast here in California we just had
Ali's birthday and it was amazing Ollie
did you have a good time at your
birthday party I wanna do you want to do
it again I think we can do at the same
time next year yeah it's gonna be great
more Jackson go
yeah Jackson come here I have something
I want to tell you buddy come sit next
to Ollie I think you guys both need to
hear this news you guys want to hear the
big exciting news sit next to Ollie
Jackson guys guess what today mommy and
dad and Bryan and Missy were talking and
we thought it would be a really good
idea if we went to Disneyland do you
want to go to Disneyland
yeah yeah we're going to Disneyland
yeah gonna drive it buzz like yeah we're
gonna see so many of your friends from
the movies do you like Mickey Mouse or
like gotta better do like Buzz Lightyear
he's gonna be there goes on my shoulder
that backpack say I'm going to
Disneyland yes I'm going to Disneyland
hey Calvin guess what we're going to
Disneyland he's like that's a lot of
walk and yeah we're going to Disneyland
Jackson what are you doing are you
trying to bring the groceries in to me
yeah whoa this is what happens when your
baby wakes up at five for the whole day
Calvin is down for his second nap and it
is almost one o'clock he has a tired boy
what's up are you driving oh you could
drive to Grandma's house okay buckle up
we'll see you grandmas
you excited for the Disneyland what are
you excited for what toys who do you
think you're gonna see like Monsters Inc
and who else shall Star Wars
hey you he's all about the sunglasses
game yeah he's a nice you ready I go to
Disneyland I think this is his first
time meanwhile at Disneyland art all
their favorite activity to do is go
around and find trash and throw it away
yeah Jackson he is so proud of him to go
down this is by his fifth trip to the
trash oh I thought another piece gotta
get down close hmm good job all right
Jackson we finally made it through and
we made it to Disneyland are you excited
you want to get out you got it Jackson
oh my gosh who is that are you so
excited to meet again
amazing it kind of scared look he's so
committed to see him Jett was like
Kelvin are you ready for this money are
you ready
guy
Wow
we need Oh Calvin here Calvin take your
gun
the gun
it's not okay jack
Buzz Lightyear those blasters so
sometimes as a parent you get so caught
up and trying to get everything ready
when you're going on an adventure you're
like okay we've got diapers we've got
wipes we've got strollers we got all
these things you forget some of the most
important things like the baby's shoes
so we forgot Calvin's shoes here so
you'll crow you'll crop when you realize
how much I paid for these crops are
they're pretty cool they're little Star
Wars crocks yeah you're rocking with
your croc ins
let's see you go man hey try my butt
yeah he might make the Kessel run in 13
12 11 parsecs something like that okay
he's making our kids the next ride that
we're going on is perfect for these
little munchkins here everything is
perfect for you guys in fact it's just
your side it's a small world we're going
on it's a small world guys are you ready
you excited all right it's just your
size of a boat and you guys are coming
on
right there I guess you taking his own
see that's untrue you guys ready
Jackson are you being so nice and
sharing your popcorn
yeah he's eaten uh-huh can you give him
a big hug yeah there you go
we just got up it's a small world and
freakin crap it is a small world we ran
into the Ballinger family here at
Disneyland here we are here we are and
like these kids are just the cutest ever
I just like look how friendly they are
and how sweet their I came outside and
this is what Jackson was doing he
literally was like a second heaven and
he jumped up on here and he was getting
a drink of water okay get a drink
take a drink now that's what he was
doing oh my goodness the kids are going
to love this Oh Jackson this whole place
looks like a cartoon how cool is this we
got it we got to put on our cartoon
faces Ellie put on your cartoon face
okay Jackson drive the car
oh it's over the mailbag don't know
you're dressed in the mailbag
silly boy you don't have your driver's
license I need to see some license and
registration but what up the car
okay Jackson where you going to drive
them in control you know where he's
gonna drive them he's gonna drive them
crazy haha that's so fun
can you stand right here to see if you
can go on the ride
do you see the ride going up right there
that's the ride that we're going on
watch it watch it watch it
look at all of these kids remember the
ride and think they're happy now I don't
know what they're going to think when
they go on a fast ride it's a RC so
we're going to go through here and
beautiful on my feet one of your first
biggest ride them I don't know how you
do that perfect let them get out and
we'll get it
hey we're gonna go up up up and then we
ready
we are going water down there
we're free hiya I'm a little nervous we
Wow
did you have fun oh you like it all
right Calvin let's go down the slide
okay Jackson your turn let's go hmm
you know you're very hangry when you are
almost three-year-old says mommy mad
this is not mad I'm just hangry I was
getting very anta my Kate where we going
we need to get there nothing is I
haven't had lunch like have you just
been gone all day so I'm hangry ha ha
and when Ellie's hangry you drop
everything and you go and you get some
know my wife obviously Jackson picked up
that key which is interest you know what
I mean I live by a saying and I've done
this even ever since I was a kid if mama
ain't happy ain't nobody happy
Jackson look right there there he is who
is that Jackson
without my losing fun
I literally laid him in the stroller
he's out Oh
you saw Sergey Calvin is out I use my
tank top is a little blanket for him the
kids are all playing like card games
right now our magic tricks actually it
was party for mother it was pretty
intense everyone's just getting situated
kids diaper change kids to bed before we
finish out our fun night so we're doing
some magic right now I love magic like
more than anything so I'm like kind of
like fangirling a little bit because I'm
sitting next to Chris who's an amazing
here's gravity doesn't matter which one
to Scrabble look at it should be good
okay okay I don't want you to say stop
wherever you want okay it is good I told
you is it good it's a good okay put it
back on top yeah shred there's perfect
I'll put the rest of the cards on there
okay snap my fingers your card pops to
the top is that your card that is not
money
that's okay I get fifty two guesses ten
there's 52 cards that's that's how the
trick
those are all good cards - not yet okay
okay hold on here we go this one here no
okay okay that's fine
lucky number two lucky number two I tend
to go number two at loss and that was
this one here I think did you miss me
yeah it doesn't really matter if you
lose track that's the top part shut up
this one also wasn't your card a second
ago I don't like to take chances
so even though all the cards I showed
you before we're all different
Oh your dad yeah yeah please what the
heck
you
my goodness gracious we totally Zonk
that Disneyland came home and went
straight to bed it was such a fun day
the fireworks were like really magical
and I think it was so fun to take the
boys there and I think they had a really
good time there's a couple things that I
want to talk about real quick before the
vlog ends today if you guys notice on
Twitter and Instagram Ellie and I were
talking about something very cool we had
someone tweet us and say hey if we get
Ellie and Jared to 800,000 subscribers
by August 5th that would be awesome and
I said I think we can do a little bit
better if we get to 800,000 subscribers
by August 1st that would be awesome and
we'll do a big giveaway and we were
talking about it we're like we should
just do a big giveaway this is gonna be
fun because we so appreciate everything
and we are so grateful for you guys that
we want to do this to celebrate a
hundred thousand subscribers whenever it
happens we want to do a giveaway and we
want to giveaway a canon g7x mark - and
like a couple Skype session or Google
hangout sessions so we can chat and hang
out and have fun and maybe even talk
about vlogging and teach you guys a
little bit about what we do and
everything so I think that's gonna be
fun so if you want to enter all you have
to do is hit the subscribe button thumbs
up the video and leave a comment down
below and you will be entered to win a
canon g7x mark - we just want to say
thank you guys for all that you do every
single day all that you've done to
support us we appreciate everything hope
you guys have a wonderful day and we'll
see you guys tomorrow thanks for
watching bye
