good morning good morning we have woken
up early we're on time we're here ready
to rock and roll okay I lied were a
little bit late but that's okay
thirty in the morning that means we're
really early to get here it took us an
hour to get here so we're at the cabinet
store we're going to where they actually
have the countertops we're gonna pick
out some countertops today for the
kitchen we're gonna finalize everything
the on the paint
today we're I'm testing one more couch
and I have all my samples cuz we're
gonna do all of the bathroom countertops
Ellie's got her bag of bricks what what
are you crazy
did you just do that no way you're not
doing again are you oh no oh my goodness
that was such a big sure the girls are
looking at more hardware just solidifies
it this is way more important Jackson go
up one more step I can do one more step
now jump what are you crazy high five
that's my boy yeah that's way too high
don't jump that high one two three jump
Wow so I brought another camera for
myself to do a very detailed video on my
channel the Sun is so bright so we're
not even able to really show everything
that we've been able to do but this
piece right here and you show you one of
the bathrooms right now
this is some of the tile that's going in
the main bathroom upstairs this and some
gray tile and we found the perfect
countertop for it it's the same exact
color I hope you can see it fits woven
throughout this countertop it is so
beautiful it's kind of even sparkly
seriously I am I'm on cloud nine like
we've got all of our tile picked out and
we now have pretty much all of our
counters picked out which is great
because all of these are remnant pieces
so these are much cheaper than a big
slab
so we've been able to get all of the
bathroom countertops at a really good
price looks at like oh did you find son
oh you know what oh those look like
really expensive ones Wow
she said not to tell anyone and then we
can take it really we have a shelf in
his bedroom that we're gonna redo some
raw his rock collection so maybe we can
put some of these on there then if they
said we can keep them
yeah did you find another one okay well
we'll save those then why would you go
sit on another one
researching our bed frame oh we are
trying to figure out if this certain
mattress will work I'm really liking the
order we are getting a king bed and our
bed will go downstairs do you like it I
like it very much like the softer bed or
a deep I don't want my ones I kind of
like the softer one cuz I feel like
someone's just kind of like create a
cuddly little bump I do I like a supper
but look oh it's moving I feel in this I
was like I was like something's
happening I definitely don't like this
split that's right we need to have this
all together you got it look at you do
you think you can do it exum this is the
bed ready set go
good job haha you like that
yeah that's pretty fun huh oh
Calvin's making his way through oh oh
okay what Wow
no don't fall you gotta jump all the way
across oh good job this one might be
yours so I want you to test it key lay
your head down and tell me what you
think oh what do you think I'm right
why it's white do you like it yeah is it
comfy and then I sit sit
are you excited for your new bed yeah
you are not going to be a toddler bed
Jackson is going to be in a full bed
downstairs that way if people come they
have our spare bedroom with our bed set
to see
and then they have yours as well well
that'd be fine
uh yeah yeah I think yeah maybe Santa
could bring you a new bed
come here kiddos Jackson calls my
zucchini bread candy bread and I think
that was the cutest thing in the world
but before we go swimming
I brought some apricots and some
zucchini bread Sweden wasted let me grab
you a chunk so we didn't waste it at the
house drop this chunk okay
Calvin oh let me grab you a chunk you
excited
drawn chunk all right yeah dad you flunk
oh and daddy can have a chunk
who are you calling ha you're calling
grandpa were you telling them about the
hotel pool laughing you tell grandma
about it
go tell grandma about it who else are
you gonna tell about the pool and oh
yeah you just could call everyone you
know who else do you know um what and Oh
hands not me odd
um right so when you're at the hotel and
you've got some time to spare there's
only one thing that you should do and
that's totally
this was by far my favorite time being
with kids in a hotel pool it was so fun
we love this hotel and I said yes it
means a lot to Jared night Jared when he
got when he was in his previous job he
was doing training here and it was when
we were trying to get pregnant
it was winter we had no kids obviously
and so I came up with him for a few days
I just got him a really nice job at the
salon so I could only take like two days
and became what parents the first time
ordering room service it was like I mean
it was romantic it was fun I was here
for three weeks yeah that was kind of
awful yeah that was kind of bad but like
it was it was like touching their belly
button there's like one of the nicest
hotel rooms we've we've been in at the
point like now we haven't kids now we
had two kids too so we always like to
stay here it means a lot yeah there's
lots of good memories here it just it
look it's like a home away from home so
it feels good while we're here
Jackson's super slight while you're
running errands he cuddled me while I
edit it I said kids done quite a bed and
he rolled over and was like rubbing my
back how many fellas you're starting in
you
have I robbed Elly's back almost every
night it's true that was the requirement
when reading me I have challenge I
accept we're gonna fight it's a good
night have a huge day tomorrow it's
gonna be a biggie so much for watching
bad fun with you today it was a great
day we got a lot done with the house
got a lot done at the pool and we got a
lot done here thumped him and tomorrow's
gonna be even bigger and better okay
scene 1 by E
