which temple song is that I love to see
the I'm going there Sunday one two
buckle my shoe three and four shut the
door
you
good morning guys do all of you feel
groggy because I do I think so Jackson
you guys stayed up pretty late we all
did
are you feeling good Cal yeah yesterday
I made a breakfast and today I'm
thinking what's the easiest thing I
could do so we are eating leftover
banana bread or zucchini bread I heated
it up a little bit and we have a
smoothie this is two pears two bananas a
cup of spinach a little bit of like
almond milk and a little bit of honey
yep
you like the honey in there huh cuz you
are so sweet
but we are eating zucchini bread and a
smoothie and actress very very good I've
cooked a few smoothies lately and this
is that peanut butter one is really
yummy yeah yep Joanne taste it yeah what
do you think good good
but we already made breakfast I don't
know why you're cooking and I especially
don't know why you're making
Thanksgiving dinner
but I guess if you guys have a big
appetite we could eat them yeah kiss
Jason Wow eggs short Oh all green beans
those are my favorite Thank You Man
those are okay but I'll eat them because
that's the nice thing to do whoa see we
can you feel it tickle your finger
tickle tickle
we use that and we get to tickle your
teeth should we try it
just like mommy doesn't remember she
doesn't and then you can yeah just like
mom does I do it first and then you do
it can you push this button over here
whoa so cool he sounds like a vacuum let
me show ya mm-hmm and watch he gives
kisses to your hand watch this you want
to try it oh my goodness so cool you
want to help them flip up the water can
you put it down there
here we go you see it you hold your
toothbrush in I meant it to go with this
one kay
can you say cheese how goodness it goes
tickle tickle good job buddy
is that tickly good job it feels so
 good job can you see again okay
again good job Oh open really big there
we go good job you are doing so good so
now we're gonna die on the inside okay
where am i watching a movie up here -
how fun good job buddy
much better do you want to get a drink
of water bud want some more yeah okay
you are doing so good oh good job Eddie
yep then Jackson gets to brush good job
you're even doing it so good
good job okay let me wipe it out with a
towel okay you hear that noise sounds
like a little bell just like that okay
we're gonna turn our light on hear it
make well nice and sparkly do you see
how sparkly they are oh there they are
it's open with you Michael ah perfect
and here we go we're gonna count them
one two buckle my shoe three and four so
I've changed some questions in the
comments from a long time ago up until
even today like what do you guys do with
all the footage that you have well we
back everything up on the hard drive all
the footage that we keep and all the
footage that is just like left over we
back everything up onto hard drives and
Ellie as you guys saw was going through
a bunch of pictures on her phone and
everything and she wants to like really
organize all of those things
well her computer has been acting like
really strange and we took it into the
store to get have it looked at and
everything and we need to back it up we
have so many hard drives but for some
reason and wasn't compatible with
Ellie's laptop so I'm here at Best Buy
to grab a laptop so we can back up all
of the photos and her computer because
some reason the hard drives aren't
working on the other one anyway so
that's what we're doing so I thought I'd
answer that question real quick
something that I've actually been
surprised
is that we've only used three hard
drives I think we have three four or
five terabyte hard drives and with all
the footage that we've done we've only
used three hard drives so it's about
like one per year but with the drone and
like the next camera we get will
probably be 4k we'll probably have to
start getting a lot more or a lot bigger
hard drives so this is the lucky winner
today I think we've got a couple of
these but this should do the trick
for what we need to get llle stuff
backed up and hopefully get a computer
fixed how was the dentist and fly were
you good you got toys and the dentist
specifically said that his teeth looked
great he said wow they look so good you
bet I think it's in the car your
stickers from the car we'll get it but
he did really good um you even got some
toys a lucky duck was yellow and one
that was white and then I got a like and
how come you got so lucky you didn't get
your teeth cleaned and you got toys
lucky duck
even Calvin you got a little checked out
too I had a few questions for him and he
said everything's smooth and good with
you all right Olivia we're doing a
little swap aroo you know what that
means a little swap erm I'll tell you
what it is so aunt Ellie was playing
with you guys while Uncle Jared was
getting some work done now aunt Ellie is
getting some stuff done and I'm gonna
play with you and the boys are upstairs
taking a nap so as soon as they wake up
they're gonna join in on the fun are you
ready for this what are we gonna make
today pizza Oh
so mr. bear and a banana
delicious
play-doh pizza bananas and strawberries
okay
banana what is that butter oh yeah are
you gonna put on your toast no butter
banana that smells delicious you want to
know what I'm really good at making I'm
really good at making snakes oh my
goodness look at that one example
whatever you just said you need to say
it one more time I need to document this
for all posterity we shouldn't do that
for the crass you want to make this for
the crust but what did you say after
that I believing because you're the
greatest uncle thing I've ever heard I
will make those pizza crusts Hey because
you believe in me and I'm the greatest I
go on the world all right there you have
it we have a bread cheese banana
strawberry cookie strawberry sandwich
you gonna take the first bite ah yeah
was it girls or was it good good oh my
gosh
are you ready guys yeah yeah yeah
okay I got it
very baby yeah yes good job I think
we're all done playing duck duck goose
do you want to try I don't think you
want to try that Jackson that hurt real
bad
you want to try no no no Chuck thank you
once again my eyelashes are filled and
they're more extreme I didn't ask for
that at least me I don't know I thought
she's the dark one but I do like them
and the kids are loving the play-doh
yeah I love that Jackson plays with
play-doh usually every Sunday in nursery
before they'd like singing time with joy
time they'll have the little kids pets
play though and just recently he's like
come to really love it like look what
all he's made he's made all the snakes
is that not funny and happy birthday to
ollie today yes I just sent out a tweet
and I was like only in two more years
you'll be one hand old that is unless do
the six-fingered man anyway
case having an eagle Montoya has
something to talk to you about and then
I told them if I was with him I'd give
him a roar and a potato bug because I
could pick his Manresa elapsed time he's
a little puppy dog I thought he would
like a little roar on a potato bag cuz
that's just what little three-year-olds
like right I don't know how did you do
while I was gone did you do good
he saw me walk through the door and
hugged me and did not let go you were so
happy to see me but now all you want to
do is just eat that little pretzel if
you need two men to set up a wedding
there's your two men did you just pull
out from the church hey dapper dan
Jackson just got a bath let me see your
hair
he just got a bath Calvin just got a
bathroom we're on our way home we should
call him Don Draper summer nights riding
your cousin's bike on the sidewalk just
after bath I had many summer nights like
this with my cousins
and I loved it bye-bye for this Cal have
to say Calvin have something to say
really important look at that face whoa
no else I think he can say what I think
he can say mama I think he said momma
hey momma hey momma hey momma hey angry
boy so we put the kids to bed and
sometimes we just get so like busy with
wrapping up the day planning our
activities for tomorrow that I forget to
end the vlog it's like 10 o'clock at
night it's been four hours three hours
since we last film my clip but we've got
a big day tomorrow
I'm really excited we're gonna do a lot
of stuff for the house Ellie's got some
stuff planned you excited I'm very
excited with the kids it's gonna be
interesting picking out countertops with
kids yes so that's what we're doing
that's at least a part of it but I went
and got us some swags we've got the
flash coming up and we're gonna call it
a night only one episode we always say
one we watch ten you have to just do one
because we have to leave the house at
7:00 we have to leave at 7:00 not just
get up leave so we're gonna watch an
episode as fast as they'll play it and
they won't go to bed so thank you guys
so much thanks for watching guys bye
