right
good morning guys guys guess what
Calvin guess what Jackson mom has made a
delicious breakfast yet again but wait
there's more
who came to visit us today ah Boston
yeah he came for a little bit anyone
else that you know no bro bro bro
Olivia's here with us today we are going
to wreck this hangout we're gonna go
test out some mattresses make zucchini
bread we play with my childhood dolls
with your little dollars brah that'll be
fun
while Boston is having a surgery we are
gonna watch Olivia we're just gonna have
a lot of fun today are you guys ready
for a great day we're starting with a
great breakfast and it's gonna be a
great day right Calvary no Greg a make
great breakfast yeah no Olivia has asked
if she can ride George did you know that
George has been a part of our family
longer than you and we now show you
enough George you know we really
appreciate you you watch over the kids
while they're sleeping you've been so
good to them we even have a place in our
home just for you come here calling out
George it's but you're due to wiggle
your bones and get a ride to just get on
and just hold them kind of tight don't
worry he's not good show cuz he has a
long night to breathe and just take him
for a ride he loves it so take him for a
ride don't be shy he's not yeah he's not
gonna bite dude kal turn right on George
- - - - Lou - - - good see his knees a
ban but that's what he's for George I'm
sorry we had to hold onto his neck or
help Wow yes he doesn't like that
Jackson your turn oh yeah like a madman
yeah well we like you you need to give
you a little bit much
and George you might want to eat a
little snack today I know cuz he's tired
huh
Wow oh my they're all here to work I
want to get on the roof and watch oh we
have a meeting here with our excavators
that have done all of the grading at our
property and we're walking around up
here and look our very first weed who
wanna thought I'd be so excited for our
first weed I need to get a shovel and
get the get the root but look our very
first weeds so we just finished our
meeting and I think one of the coolest
things about that meeting is when we
first walked up the excavators were
looking around the house and they came
up to us and just said your builder is
so good he does amazing work like we've
never seen stuff this good before and
that's just like holy crap I made me
feel good that make me feel like you
know solid like this is great like so
good so we just wrapped up a meeting
talking about like the backyard and
everything I mean I take a quick sneak
peek at the inside of the house because
I think they're doing some sheetrocking
which is going to make the house look
totally different can you guess what
room this is
this is our bedroom how crazy is this
hey I know we're short on duck into this
room just kidding but look how crazy
different it looks already going into
the bathroom my goodness okay I'm gonna
get out of here and let these guys work
you guys know that little alligator game
that we have I love it because I think
it's really fun maybe because it either
way teaches Jackson like taking turns
like he pushes the teeth than we do and
then it closes on you well we were
playing that game this morning with
Olivia and I said you know what game
you'd like is operator
Oh operation yeah so I really think that
she liked the game operation vents so
just operation we found minion operation
Papa tebah ass good idea we found the
banana and the fart gun and all this
stuff that we are going to play offer in
a cupcake so we're gonna play this and
see see how the kids like it so if
you've never played operation before the
goal of the game is to take the little
tweezers and pluck everything out of its
hole without touching the sides or it
will shock you now just remember Olivia
when you got to be careful not to chest
the sides because it'll shock you so you
that's the whole point of the game is
not to get shocked okay well I I guess
that depends on your pain tolerance okay
alright Olivia you'll go first and in
Jackson you go next okay yes I'm looking
at battery
oh good job Olivia you did it oh yeah
perfect
okay Jackson can you try and get the
unicorn out that one's a little bigger
it's all fluffy mama do one ooh good job
okay Jackson you try okay daddy will do
it and then you try
okay now you try Jackson no don't be
scared watch watch watch this it's
moving cupcake yeah okay it doesn't hurt
try it you're doing it good job you guys
no I'm just teasing you right this is
all just fun okay
I know okay Jackson we're just having
fun all right please stop scaring me
okay okay I'm you know what Olivia I'm
sorry okay we'll have some fun now okay
okay you got it
the next project is play-doh Jackson is
doing a really good job as a banana
they're gonna love you I love that you
I've been bending it with the little
brown thing and I don't know what this
is but I made a strawberry and Brett the
Brett that's funny the color of it is
like disgusting it looks just like bread
so the kids are having fun with that dad
hi
dad dad came how was Boston Boston is
doing better now buddy's home he didn't
like his anesthesia Mike waking up
no but he's surgery went well he's doing
well good good good we I fixed out a
plate of dinner it took me all morning
to make so it does not look good you're
welcome very welcome
what do I get away we just ate the boys
are down for naps and so these cute
girls are here in the kitchen busting
out this giant zucchini and what are you
gonna do Olivia I think you they're
gonna make some zucchini bread which was
delicious last night just fine I think
we're gonna have quite a bit of
leftovers what I made the zucchini boats
the other day and we just a little ate
the zucchini and it was
the beans in it that's what we're gonna
do it this one perfect that's okay did
you get it look that's a pretty good
crack yeah good job a little younger are
you trying to have Calvin play just
stashed up for a head it's just starting
to cook I'm going to bring it off to
Barney tonight I'm sure I'll just get to
her later Oh
Calvin's that was doing really good good
teamwork guys
okay mom show him how it's done
well I've never been so attracted to you
in my life we're not going to stay long
we just came to drop off some bread and
get Olivia some jammies and I'm not
gonna lie I was a little surprised when
Boston came running up to me growling I
know he I don't know where the Energy's
come and you said he ate two bags it to
them as a body didn't eat anything for
two weeks
okay Boston I have a gift just for you
that I got okay I know and your house
say he got it cuz I was like you don't
need to go out and get anything if you
wanted to and I said you don't tell me I
can't go get him something a
three-year-old just had certain I'm
sorry nephew a gift
you're so cute sometimes when you're in
bed and you're awake and you don't know
what to do I got this just for you okay
so this is a book about Hulk and
spider-man and all the superheroes and
look you can open it up and you can read
about all of the superhero look at their
pictures the pictures uh-huh look at all
of these and then at the very back look
at this this right here is a big of all
the superheroes what do you think do you
like it do you want to look at the
pictures okay
hey nice uncle this is something to play
in a piggy bank oh shoot my gifts not as
cool as that that your Tooth Fairy money
so mom and dad get home today so I'm
here at the house was doing one final
touch up on the garden and the flowers
and everything hopefully we'll be here
long enough for mom and dad to get home
we have a little time surprise nothing
special
hopefully mom will like it when she gets
back it's kind of fun you know being in
the garden and seeing all this stuff
grow like I said before the zucchini is
just like amazing I don't know what it
is but it definitely makes me excited to
have our own garden when we have our
house in our backyard it's going to be
really cool because I there's definitely
a place a couple places where we can
easily have a
ardan where we'll have enough shade
enough Sun it'll be really really nice
rough on you and my life
good God holy cow you've been in that
and then sort of Wow
Brian runs a no-shave operation I bet I
bet okay guys it's an exciting and lucky
night do you want to know why because
mommy and daddy are letting you stay up
a little bit later and you guys are
gonna watch a movie on the laptop how
cool is that we even got you some snacks
okay
is that fun yeah you might be in frame
no it's not the cab this is so
thoughtful being him event texting by
the way we've been scheming this I had a
custom shade brush me shut up this is
you serious hand made and lathe
Silvertip badger hair no way legit when
he found out that you were totally in
this old-school shaving yeah he's got a
head guy a mostly cuz I have one and
then I frickin love it
isn't that pretty that's is me a few of
on vide was thinking of a blue line
thank you yeah right it is 11 o'clock
and the kids are still a bed still in
bed thank goodness last few nights they
haven't felt very well they've woken up
who is 11 o'clock we've had so much fun
Pacers spending your like to fun night
away from kids with us on talking like
we just ginger and Karl art love you
guys hey it's Carl and ginger hi ginger
Carla it's a car park is that why you a
college jelly Carl
Carl Aaron and jelly we get that a lot
to you really yeah we do it to say
goodbye bye-bye
let's see you guys tomorrow
