put it in here put it in here yep like
that perfect that way is little feeder
you're down
good morning rise and shine
last night was so crazy having kids
sometimes I'm like what should I do as a
parent to help my kids last night Jared
and I took turns laying right here Jax
didn't wanna lay in his bed we even have
to shout here cuz his nose was so
stuffed both kids are teething I thread
they teeth when did they stop TV
two-year-old molars or like the last of
it is that right and then I have to show
you something downstairs I'm sure it's
not cleaned up yet because Calvin was up
really late
our fault because we let you destroy it
but I have to show you guys jared is out
still the holy Kevin I guess it's not
too crazy this is what made here and put
the lid on and off of this and then
dumped all the little puffs we need to
clean up it's a big mess five years ago
I tricked Ellie and I said that I had to
study extra long at school before our
anniversary
and I remember we were we were in
college we were just planning on like
going out to dinner like just doing
something super simple and I told her
that I had to study because it was right
before finals week she didn't know it
but what I was actually doing is I was
going to the store to get her a necklace
a very simple small necklace with a tiny
tiny tiny tiny diamond in it I want a
real diamond I don't have much money so
they got him it was a no it was like $70
the chain has held up nice and it's
gotten ten gold tons of times during
traveling it always depends on us Ellie
was wearing the necklace and she dropped
the pendant somewhere around here so
Ellie and I are on the floor feeling
through honestly you got me these
diamond earrings nursery yeah like I
want that necklace because they go
together huh
oh you like the necklace better than the
earrings so I feel like we're kind of
like Honey I Shrunk the Kids
and we're like going through my skin
down though I'm looking through here
looking for the penny use your whole
body to feel dig around while we're
going on a mission we'll keep you posted
all right I have some good news and I
have some bad news the good news is I
have a clean-shaven face so you kiss me
all over oh yeah
bad news is is I haven't been able to
find your necklace I'm sorry but we will
find it so we have Ellie's laptop
yesterday her screen was all acting
steady one of this lot yeah so I wonder
if like the graphics card in it or
whatever is not doing too well and your
stomach one morning like it's just I
told Jerry like even yesterday remember
I think my hole got really like like I
drinking a like a lot more pot that I
normally jig I just feel gross I just
made like a watermelon cucumber drink do
you taste it I saw it in there and I
didn't know if one of them was for me
psycho grab one taste if you want but
anyway I made it and just try to be very
well I'm sorry you look really good
though so we're here at a little Pioneer
Day Parade and the bitters Dale and
there's like getting rid of all of their
candy and everything it was just hot
snot all over the place Jackson are you
ready they're coming
so here in Utah we celebrate the twenty
fourth of July it's Italian near day it
was on a Sunday yesterday so today we're
kind of doing all the celebratory stuff
all the cities are doing that and so
they have a parade and I throw in candy
and there's going to be a bunch of
activities today so we're going to do a
lot of that some candy yeah wait do them
again
yeah
wait big to the Pioneers yeah
yeah well he wasn't feeling too great
after the parade so he came home real
quick and she got a little rest and now
both boys are down for a nap and Ellie
and I are gonna go over some house
design stuff the designer sent us a
couple lamps that weren't gonna go over
so that is a big decision of the day le
which lamp do you love I love lamp I
love lamp I love lamp
I love lamp I appreciate all the one I
want because we've been talking about it
but it makes just a suit you like ones
little more man there ones a little more
just like white we haven't shown any of
you guys yet like the interior design
that we're doing for the house really
because we're waiting for the big reveal
well actually I'm we're waiting to final
I finalized it so when we know exactly
what the rooms gonna look like I'm gonna
do a video on the picture that the
interior designer first showed us did
the changes that we made the changes
that I found that I liked better the
changes that she found and Jared and
then we have a final picture and right
now it's just the lamps and then and
then our bedroom is gonna be done that
our bedroom is something that I wanted
very romantic and so we're going off of
this lamp right here this is one option
I like it because I feel like this lamp
pulls really nicely the the puffer above
the bed I feel like I feel like that
looks really good and I feel like that
looks like a giant loofah yes there's
this lamp that she said it works I like
it because it's like marble then I think
it looks beautiful and I think it's
classy and I think that regardless we're
gonna have these lamps for a very very
very long time so I kind of like that
one just the fact that it mm-hmm
I like I kind of like this one better
but I'd be totally fine with either one
yeah but really what Lam do you like I
kind of do like that textured one though
but I'm getting really excited this has
been such a fun process it's been very
helpful for us to have somebody helping
us say this goes this doesn't what about
this so I'm excited I'm laughing pretty
hard because they sent the pictures to
my mom and I said which one do you like
those I like the marble and then she
goes the other one though goes really
good with that thing above your bed I'm
just laughing cause she's probably look
at the picture like buddy have a dust
mop above your bed but I really like it
and I don't even I don't even know what
it is
Andrea picked it out because I told I
didn't really want a picture above our
bed because you have another little
place for those I think I really do like
the white one say do you think it goes
really well with it so jared is out
filling up the card gasps and I said I
said I think I'm gonna get the white
lamp and he said do it baby white is
elegant and romantic so there we go I
think we're gonna do what you but I
still want to know what you guys would
do okay Jared I just let Andrea know as
well I can't until tomorrow sometimes I
think we don't do this al I feel like
even though if we have plans it's like
the kids usually love being around
cousins and everyone is like a happy
later on but like the kids are not
having it and honestly I have a lot to
do around here like my kitchen is pretty
a hot mess and we haven't washed our
sheets in a long time and I'm just I
think I'm just gonna be home and pick up
and clean so I've cancelled some plans
but I think that'll be best for the kids
and honestly that when your house is
clean you feel a little bit of it it's
like taking a shower after you've been
camping oh you got the time of your life
you have fun well what's your shower you
just feel a little bit better and that's
not like the house is yeah I think we're
gonna put the kids to bed a little early
tonight
are you cold we got to put this the
funny thing is I don't think he's called
at all I think he just knows what to say
oh yeah he this is what he's been doing
lately when he goes to bed he'll go tuck
me in tuck me in and he wants us to tuck
him in tight cold
yeah well put your legs right here
perfect there you go
don't you even think about doing that to
me it's why I wear a hat all the time
you know you're pretty not nice to her
older brother sometimes he's pulling to
you besides look be soft soft Jackson's
pretty good at singing I know
Kelvin Kelvin from you her okay yeah you
know what when Jackson was a baby you'll
make me cry if I talk too much because
it's so sweet when Jaques I was a baby I
used to sit here and I would hold this
and I would have him put them in there
good job does that make you a little
better you just want to be held to maybe
play a game he has two molars coming in
he has been really sad today can you
find a place for the guy he actually
goes right here dude can you do the Hat
maybe yeah thought he was just trying to
do that couldn't do it anyway uh and
then looked at me and gave it to me to
do it good job and you're trying to put
him in there you want me to do it okay
look closely now can you do that one oh
so close
put it in your Pittenger yep like that
perfect that way is little feeder year
down when things don't work I Steve
Jackson I need to show daddy what we do
every night do we do this every night
Jarrod came up to me he's like I said we
need to make sure that we're brushing
the kids teeth every night cuz I don't
think we've done Jackson's teeth in a
long time and so I'm just sure Jer but I
always do okay well cuz I'm I'm always
editing while you're doing this that's
why I don't see every kid look mommy
usually does at first he's kind of girls
mouth to look at right now open your
mouth and I always brush it until the
light goes NEX a tease
I always brush it until it goes yellow
and then once it's yellow no no you can
let it Mellow then Jackson brushes it
from yellow to when it's red no key K
show me how you brush your teeth but
usually we do it in the tub and you
spits while he's taking about the but
not when Jared asked me I was like
actually
do it every night and then I give them
their teething tablets and I even have a
little toothbrush for your teeth that's
what I do you know here in Utah we'd
give them fluoride tablets because
there's no fluoride in the water yeah so
we do that because I totally forgot
but yeah usually when there's a tub or
I've been putting lotion on them and
getting their jammies on that's what I
do but I got it at Walmart and I really
liked that a hat that you push a button
and it kind of tells them how long they
show you brushing their teeth it's fun
because I say no mommy doesn't tell the
ill that way I make sure like that's
done good yeah it must be Monday night
because Ellie is sitting on the couch
she's got treats by her side her teeth
are out and the bachelor is on you're
welcome
so we are gonna call it a night thank
you guys so much for watching the video
today Bonnie Joel Boston is in our
thoughts and in our prayers right now we
hope all goes well tomorrow yeah we're
gonna have Olivia tomorrow so thinking
of you guys have a wonderful day we'll
see you tomorrow
