whoo backflip amazed you see that
Jackson oh my takes after son dad he
just showed on he just showed me right
up he's still going
good morning guys and happy Sunday well
it's not so happy is it Jackson we
started off the day with a little
accident didn't we do you want a
band-aid well first can you show me what
happened what happened yeah
did your foot get stuck Jackson was
climbing behind the couch to grab a toy
or something like that and there's a
little the feet on the couch are metal
and it looks like you got his little
foot on the middle are you okay
crash oh did you crash no I'm sorry
well you know what Jackson I think a
band-aid might help it feel better do
you want a band-aid you want a big one
yeah okay well I tell you what Calvin
has these band-aids with superheroes on
them what band-aid do you want this one
well let's get your toe cleaned up and
we'll put a bandaid on okay okay
what do you think do you like it who is
it you have Iron Man on your little toes
II Oh Calvin wants to take a look too
well this is weird I hope I do not hear
oh I'm a vet my boss we just got the
yellow local pages do anyone even use
that anymore
we just Google where the Pizza Hut is
rather
my mom uses her still that's I shouldn't
be too mean but I saw this on the
counter you know what your mom she just
got a smartphone she doesn't need it you
like to rip on the NAP watch this
Jackson do you wanna see something cool
daddy's the strongest man alive could I
rip it are you guys gonna help me clean
up are you gonna help me clean up our
house is a mess whoa
we've been eating crackers it's a mess
in here so we need a pickup vacuum you
need to go get ready I'm a stinky boy
all right boys here's the thing we're at
Grandma and Grandpa's house right now
and we have to make a deal Jackson
specifically I'm talking to you come
over here buddy
we've got to talk about this this is
serious business he's just going away
okay Jackson listen it'll come to you
we've got to follow one rule while we're
here at Grandma and Grandpa's house okay
do you want to know what that rule is no
more setting off house alarms okay say
okay
oh do I'm gonna get the swings down oh
okay I'll get him down but you can't set
off an alarm okay okay okay that's my
boy ready set go
mmm got it okay it's all yours bud whoo
it's all yours
okay Somali are you ready 1 2
okay I'll push you thank you
underdog I'm not sure if you can handle
an underdog from Daddy ready 1 2 all
right guys you have some fun on the
swings daddy's got a garden to water if
any of you guys follow me on Twitter you
have already heard all of this because
I've been talking with you guys a lot
today but I just got done on the
computer going over 4,000 photos and
videos yes over 4,000 my eye
have been burning I've been organizing
them because we want to get certain
photos printed when we get to the new
house
for instance Jackson playing in some
rocks because in his bedroom we want to
put some rocks like some of his favorite
like marbles and rocks on a little shelf
I would love to put a little picture of
him on that as well so I've been
organizing our photos because it's long
do and then after I kind of like calm
down and like close my eyes for a second
as I go let me get back on the internet
there is interior designers there are
makeup artists there are so many things
out there and in the back of my head
I've always wanted to talk to a stylist
I love how I dress I think that I am
just fine but I just know that sometimes
it's really hard for anybody to dress
their body sometimes I feel like I just
look like straight and I would love to
know like what certain cuts would be
more flattering or had a layer or
whatnot and I know that there's like
stitch fix and there's like every Eve as
a place that they you say what you want
and they ship you items if you don't
like it you can ship it back and I've
loved that idea but I want to really
like be educated on this and so I was
reading and some of you guys were like
you know stylists do this do this so I
looked online just like Utah personal
stylist and I found someone I really
like
like her profile about her and whatnot
there's like a feed that she'll come to
your closet talk to you about what you
have how you can wear what you have and
kind of critique you that way and then I
went on to her portfolio and a lot of
who was on the front page after I sent
her a message cute girl huh Mindy and
her cute twins are on here and I was
just like like what a small world
so anyway I had already sent her a
message so hopefully something will come
about of it that would be really really
fun it's just something I've always
thought about maybe when I get talking
to her well maybe do it for fall or
something I am
dun-dun-dun-dun looking at a screen my
eyes between that and going through all
of the photos I'm just like my eyes are
on fire I really don't often get down in
the dumps but there are definitely some
times when I do and I feel like just sad
and blue
there's no particular reason I have no
idea why but there's something that can
always like get me out of that funk or
that groove and it sounds silly but it's
actually playing the blues like my dad
is a phenomenal guitar player and he
always plays this amazing music like all
of these blues musicians the Allman
Brothers Eric Clapton BB King Stevie Ray
Vaughan like all of these guys
and so like playing the Blues helps me
out a lot so I'm here at my parents
house where my guitar is and Calvin and
I are we gonna play some blues yes you
won't play the blues
Wow what that one and I went to give you
a little kiss and instead of you kissing
me yeah he grabbed here can you grab
fits again what did you do you grow your
sweet you know that Jackson oh wait was
he just doing it to get way he wanted is
that what you just did Jackson like sure
I'll give you a kiss if I get what I
want it is five o'clock mm-hmm and
Calvin is taking a nap when I was
driving home from mom and dad's house he
fell asleep and we both bought him to
get him out today oh my gosh so I was
like we should go we've never been on
campus we should go on a walk like I've
been around the perimeter of campus and
I've gone to Aggie ice cream but we've
never been on campus so we're gonna go
on a nice Sunday walk as a family it's
gonna be great it's a beautiful
beautiful day oh you excited for our why
I decided be fun to have a peanut butter
and jelly smoothie I froze some grapes
the other day to throw in they're so
great
spinach almond milk and I just need some
peanut butter and two bananas we'll have
a yummy peanut butter banana peanut
butter and jelly snippy little bunny you
want a drink
movie yes you drink of it Rose ours was
ours was it yummy
is it yummy does anybody else get
extremely emotional when they're babies
and toddlers are teething and they're
emotional it is
out of this world I feel so bad nothing
hurts more than mouth pain and poor
little Calvin and Jax and I saw another
two your molar coming in the back of
your mouth yep
wowzers they're both like clear snot
Ness and I'm like sad that he is so sad
well I think another thing is just like
what can you do like nothing we can do
is like a pleasing hit right now so it's
just like oh he's got his mom was like
okay he's good for a minute it's gone a
little walk we're gonna go on a walk and
hopefully that'll make him feel better
what did you got here buddy
oh my goodness
that was a big jump good job buddy
got it
that was big that was a big crowd Calvin
hey this way buddy can EURion run run
run run run run he's so good
Jackson give me a big growl checks it
give me a bigger
whoo mama that was good Kate Jackson
your turn whoa that was great
Calvin your turn I'm just gonna walk
over this way I'm thinking about it in
the future maybe a little bit Wow and
then there's more wait whoo backflip
amazed you see that Jackson oh my takes
after Sun dad he just showed up he just
showed me right up he's still going he
was playing he was playing corners with
you well guys I think that's gonna be it
from us today we hope you enjoy your
Sunday and I hope you have a wonderful
start to your brand-new week not as for
me and my family we're gonna enjoy this
beautiful Sunday afternoon evening and
night and we're gonna just walk around
this this beautiful place that we have
and catch some Pokemon cuz apparently
there's a lot of people here catch
poking fun so that's what we're gonna do
I hope you guys have a wonderful day
stay tuned for tomorrow and we will see
you guys then bye
