I'm not sure if it is better to me this
morning or last night you want to do the
rails oh my goodness getting more used
to and more ability to go
holy crap so it looks like it snowed
about a foot last night I'm not sure if
it was better to leave this morning or
last night I'm in the Camry it's to yell
drive front-wheel drive which is a
benefit but this is gonna be this is
gonna be a pretty bad Drive home I'm
hoping I make it as you guys saw there
was like a foot on top of the car
I love the snow but this is the hard
part of snow okay cross your fingers I
can make a home safe
we're going about 40 miles per hour on a
75 mile per hour Road if you can't tell
it's very very very very slippery there
was a place earlier in Park City where
there was probably 3/4 inches of snow on
the road so not have been I hadn't been
plowed just packed down from the other
cars we had about a foot of snow when I
cleaned off the car probably four inches
of snow all the way through Park City
sardine Canyon that was scary because
just down
and the canyon before our house has been
okay until we got to the very summit of
it and it's been pretty sketchy Salt
Lake was clear Salt Lake is perfect
we're almost all the way done through
the canyons and after that we should be
okay to make it safe oh my goodness
gracious it feels so good to be home
daddy's home everybody
hey where's the welcoming committee huh
they did actually oh I can't show you
Calvin and mom are working on potty
training today and Calvin has done so
good he's gone pee in the toilet once
already today oh it was yesterday whoops
he's working on it so Ellie and Calvin
Ellie's reading a book to Calvin right
now on the toilet and I just got back
from Park City and it's snowed up here
which is very cool wanna know something
Jackson I just got off the phone with
uncle Joel and he told me something
really cool do you want to hear what it
is so do you remember for your birthday
we went to the mountain and we wanted to
go skiing but they were closed do you
remember that and we went tubing for a
little bit stet but we couldn't go
skiing but today's Saturday the hours
are different and uncle Joel and Boston
are going skiing and they want us to
come with them do you want to go skiing
with me I'm not sure who all is gonna be
there but a lot of people will be there
would you like to come with me okay
daddy's gonna brush his teeth because
his breath is so stinky we'll get your
snow clothes and then we'll go skiing
Oh gorilla okay that's a great idea yes
you can put one in your pocket but if
you get hungry okay okay let's eat now
I'm done you can bring a snap okay you
you want to bring your magnetized to the
mountain just like the hoverboard I'm
done that's his favorite new toy oh
foggers Oh can't go skiing you ready for
this buddy you excited we're getting
Jackson's ski boots and skis ready we
got your helmet
you already saw your cousin parity on
the mountain here we go
you ready to rock bud if you look good
okay Jackson we've got your skis and
we're ready to go but before we go up
the lift okay it's been one year since
you've actually gone skiing so we're
gonna put your feet in here but before
we do that I want to show you a couple
things with this skis okay when you go
down the mountain you want your skis to
look like french fries just like that
okay and when you want to slow down what
do you think you want your to make your
skis look like high five good job so
yeah you want to turn your skis like
that so they make a pizza they look like
a pizza
that's called plowing you know plow and
that's gonna slow you down a little bit
okay okay and then what we're gonna do
this time is
learn how to turn and we're gonna use
the mountain we're gonna turn all the
way down the mountain and that's gonna
be really nice as smooth as we go down
so when we go down we're gonna turn our
skis now we're gonna turn it this way
and we're gonna go down this way just
like that okay and then we're gonna turn
them and we're gonna turn this way we're
gonna go just like that okay all the way
down and then when you want to slow down
what do you make feet when you want to
go fast what do you make thanks that's
right
okay let's get your feet in so you put
your toe in here first boom got it we've
got the whole Posse how's it going guys
good yeah he did he forgot to pizza and
he went slid on his back all the way
down it was actually really cool again
yeah it was good control for going there
it was pretty good okay you ready bud
okay hold my hand and I'll pull you oh
you want to just walk okay dude look at
you go
hey now turn towards me maintain your
skis towards me you're getting it got
your pizza ready it's a nice hot pizza
okay keep your feet in pizza okay now I
want you to just try and write down the
mountain like that okay go ahead Pizza
yeah oh yeah you're French right now
Pizza Hut Pizza Pizza Pizza Pizza
you having fun good okay let's get up
and try again now look here's the thing
about skiing when you learn how to ski
when you're doing something for the
first time well this is your second
thing you're probably gonna fall and
that's just something that's gonna
happen but you keep yourself getting up
okay you keep getting up and you try
again try something new next time if you
work harder okay can you do that yeah
okay what do we say I know I can do it
that's right okay should we do it you
want to do the rails oh my goodness
maybe we should learn how to stop before
we do the rails what do you think about
that okay well let's at least get down
to the bottom of the bunny hill first
all right yep because you grind them on
the skis let's get up and try and get
we'll get down to the bottom okay
okay that was crazy huh one of the
hardest parts about teaching Jackson to
ski is his independence he wants to ski
all by himself he wants to go fast all
by himself and that's the struggle with
teaching hey yeah I'm talking about you
mr. Boone mr. Magoo I'm talking about
you mr. McGill
okay so daddy needs to stop me some time
so I can teach you okay he gets mad at
me but I stop no don't stop me I want to
go well you're going about 45 miles per
hour too fast
turn
that was so awesome that was so good you
did it buddy
you did all the cones I'm so proud of
you
look at the pizza that's a nice
pepperoni pizza you boys are doing so
stinking good I'm toasting in front of
both of you
you guys having fun I can't hear you
all in all that was a majorly successful
ski trip like I just saw some of the
footage it is to die for and I think
that that's like footage that we're
gonna have at Jackson's wedding I know
like you know what I mean so here's the
deal we made a little deal with Jackson
f he did if he went through all the
cones and he didn't fall that he would
get a treat
and so part of his treat is being able
to play the Nintendo yeah well the thing
is Jackson is so stinking good at Mario
Kart like it blows my mind he was just
playing before we pulled picked up the
camera he was in first place on Mario
Kart I don't know how I didn't teach him
how to play I didn't teach him he just
picked it up on his own yeah yeah well
he's he's a little better than you
hi well you guys have a good day I had a
little poopy day it was good but it was
fall - what did he do something did he
go yay so after we clean this up we're
gonna turn the time over to Ellie and
she can go over potty time
well ladies and gentlemen are you ready
for the six o'clock potty training
update I have pulled a few of my own
hairs out we have had lots of food poopy
PMS is it today we are in for another
treat tomorrow
literally treat but we've had a good day
we are going to try all of this again
tomorrow and the next day and the next
day unless all of my hairs pulled out
then we'll just give up back to you
Jared
thanks Ellie and what a riveting update
that was ha ha so yeah potty training
skiing that's been our day today it's
been fun Jackson's been doing amazing
that uh Bonnie and Joel's kids were
doing awesome as well and this is just
one step in the direction of life you
know oh thank you hey we're talking
about baby names and I was just asking a
baby like like what do we name your baby
on the kitchen floor what's your name
baby tell me talk to me
I was talking to Jared about even though
I know we had talked about Alan for so
long and I was like maybe John's just
too close to Calvin we kind of like
stopped thinking about it now we are
again I think that we're just gonna wait
til we see him but it's still good to
like talk about names and just think
well just the flow I think is something
I'm gonna sneeze sneeze anymore no my
breath with my friend Oh Oh mr. cow oh
I'm okay I promise
Calvin comes to my rescue all the time
and I love it it's not now that it's the
end of the night I would say Calvin is
definitely getting more used to and more
willing to go on the potty
you went twice this evening much better
than the whole day and I'm so proud of
him
good job now only a few strands that was
good
barely I'm so good that Jackson's like
so supportive too is a good job count it
makes them all excited okay let's take a
night to our toys so I put one car under
your bed your pillow grab that one we'll
put them under your pillow for in the
morning kids are going to bed oh look
hey that's the back of me dangered
you've got a pretty decent looking
backside I would say four out of ten
anyway we're going to call it a night
two days of kind of skiing that I didn't
expect to be doing this today but I'm
glad I did because we had a really great
time if you enjoyed the video today be
sure to hit that thumbs up button and if
you're new to this channel hit that
subscribe button because we make fun
videos like this every single day and we
will see you tomorrow bye
