one of our biggest complaints about the
couch that we have now is that Ellie and
I can't really sit
we can't spoon on the couch
okay I'm watching oh dude you got like
three feet of air on that one you try it
again you try to stall that were you
doing you okay ready all right we're
coming in for landing here we go is that
pretty cool do you like that
okay bring it to me that's my helper
you're pretty great you know that yeah
you got to stay next to me so the cars
don't get you huh good morning guys
Jackson and I are just hanging out here
at the property per second getting some
more drone footage looks like they're
adding the material to get ready for the
rock that goes on the outside of the
house and they have all of the trim on
the outside of the house getting ready
to put that on so it's it's very
exciting even on a Saturday they're
doing stuff which I'm grateful for so
very cool I'm still kind of like
laughing about it because it was so like
weird and I unexpected but I just got
back from grandma grandma's house
Jackson and I went and we had watered
the garden and everything like that well
mom and dad have an alarm system and I
didn't go inside the house but Jackson
did is oh it was so crazy I I heard this
high pitch like I'm like that's a weird
sound that the faucet would make from
the hose and then Jackson comes out the
back door and he's like daddy scary
daddy
scary oh it wasn't very cute when the
cops showed up Ellie that's why I was a
little bit later no they didn't but I
called my dad I was like dad dad you got
to call him and tell him that it's just
me it's just me like Doh doh-doh
I called data it was okay but like it
was so yeah just like daddy scary do you
want me to drive so you can pick up
pokemons that's the sweetest thing
anyone has ever said to me in my whole
our life what we do I'm thinking this
morning you're cute you know what some
people it's a love/hate before I'm still
sick at the game
but every stop we've ever made I've
never played it but Jarrod does he
always says hi to the people and people
like love it so I'm like hey it's fun
for the community I guess you're so
beautiful right now I could kiss you
just want to make out with me I'm asking
you to film it I'm not a good copilot
huh I said we film this he's like no
like I said you had to train me to be
your co-pilot I did and it was a long
training process so you can't be upset
when I'm just trying to train you okay
so here's what I did Ellie has some
chicken nuggets that she wants some dibs
and so I dipped it and I just held it
right here and I'm like okay this
chicken nugget is for you ready to go
when you are ready and I was like well
it's just right here and she's like no I
don't just put it down I feel like
you're rushing me well I just didn't
want to feel rushed it's a work in
progress guys I guess I'm not I'm not
trained that well I'll be more patient
I'll put my pride down you as well thank
you wait I'm ready for my chicken are
you ready for it
you know how sometimes people think
women carry like bricks and their purses
I'm sure you do today I do elbows in
here we're a house and we're waiting for
our interior designer to show up long
story short the not really long story
the countertop place is closed through
the Saturdays so why didn't we think to
check the daytime everything so we are
going to be doing just furniture
shopping today lots of lots of furniture
shopping
you better believe I'm gonna be sitting
on some couches and looking 15 fun
tables
how is it enough you can actually have
two people it is very so if I put my
feet down
that's very hey elevator pokemons okay
we are on our way to dinner it is 5:30
we've been gone from like love to 38
yeah 5:30 we've finalized our couch the
color depth of it so Ellie it is
Saturday in Salt Lake City we may not
get a good feed it might take it forever
we'll just like know folks are bars
Ellie oh my god look at this of course
like all of them are gone because
there's definitely this kind
oh my goodness from all over the world
I got Jackson a little chocolaty
nice I feel like we didn't even film
anything that we did today we just
talked we sat on a ton of couches and we
ended up going with the couch from
Restoration Hardware mostly because
we'll want its way comfy but the is not
a picture of me
yeah drinking dr. pepper yes so it's a
good one yes but we we are going to do a
sectional not for downstairs we'll do
the sectional but we love how wide it is
like the depth of it because you can
actually like so on and be comfy like
side by side one of our biggest
complaints about the couch that we have
now is that Ellie and I can't really sit
we can't spoon on the couch and then for
upstairs we found two chairs that we
really like but we are going to do
fabric in this shade right here is a
gray color and then Jared even said he
wouldn't mind a leather chair in his
office so we'll kind of think about that
so bright my eyes but those are the
couches that we came up with for today
we still have so much to do but we still
got a lot done today I think we'll do
paint swatches countertops countertops
when they friendly open on Monday or
Tuesday so we have that to do and
that'll be really fun do we get a lot
done I think we got as much as we could
done yeah it was fun it turned into a
little date night it was fun yeah that
was great we had a little dinner and now
we're driving back home to our kids our
day was seriously so fun but I fully
expected coming home and having the kids
awake I told the babysitter's if you can
try and get them to bed I'd appreciate
it but you know I don't make them it's
ok they can step watch a show or
something and if he came home Jared's
taking the babysitter's home and we got
two up on today just because it was so
long that way they could like really
focus on each kid and stuff but look
what they did
oh my goodness welcome back mom and dad
and the kids scribbled on their
I had both kids are asleep and I was
like Calvin's asleep no you got Calvin
to sleep Wow
both kids are asleep so thank you girls
so much
you made this mama so happy
I'm like super happy the babysitter's
got our kids to sleep but I'm also kind
of like sat because I was kind of
secretly hoping that they would still be
awake so I could like play with them a
little bit I wanted to wrestle them a
little bit before they fell asleep but
Ellie is in here in the bathroom just
cannot getting her brushes makeup all
clean because I think are you doing a
makeup video about time I've been
wanting to but it's crazy it's just life
that's crazy right now I love it that's
all I have this is say like I see the
same thing every day we wouldn't have it
any other way though that's that's for
darn sure
look how sweet that is
Jackson scribbled all over it did you
see that right there that says Jackson
when the line that was Kelvin seriously
so whew
that's just fun no like fun is it to
walk in and see that like we I we both
we both we walked in we were like oh
well first we're like where's the kids
then we're like oh like seriously it's
like I know I cry all the time okay but
I was just like it's tender very sweet
very thoughtful of them to do that I
know our kids just believe I want them
to be so I can kind of like place I was
just saying that chocolate will play in
the morning thank you guys so much for
watching this time in our lives is all
house mode and I don't know I just I
appreciate that you guys want to watch
it's fun for Jared I did document this
is it this the vlog is our life and this
is the stage in life that were going
through right now and we could not be
more excited for it and so thank you so
much for tuning in and being along for
the ride we met a lot of you guys today
that leak rate so thanks for saying hi
everyone we'll see you guys tomorrow
thanks for watching
I know we eat a lot of treats them
that's what we do and the vlog is over
and the kids are asleep we got the flash
we got the treats that's what we're
doing I did too
okay no one really say goodbye
