it's kind of crazy we are never gonna
see the guts of our house again like the
skeleton the framework of our house is
gonna be covered good morning guys it is
day two of geekify guys one thing that I
really like about geekify guys is that I
get the experience of working with some
like really cool people we've got some
really talented people over here who set
us up with a video with you know getting
everything taken care of him we get to
meet really cool creators one that we've
met before and we're here again with is
Ronnie sweet son it's how you doing man
doing great long time no see last time I
saw you were in st. George doing some
more geekify gangsta we were doing flips
and Ronnie was showing me how to do a
trick if you remember that intro like I
did a sick backflip but we're doing some
geekify guys stuff building some boxes
we're gonna blow some things in the air
it's gonna be great good morning guys we
have business in the front can you turn
around and a party in the back good
morning to you too
it's kind of supporting sometimes when
you go to a hotel the pool is cause
we're a little sad this morning it's
closed
it was closed last night is closed right
now but I'm making my journey back home
today and there's a place that I've
always wanted to take the kids and I
haven't been yet it's called the living
planet aquarium and it's supposed to be
really cool really fun I think I'm gonna
go ahead and stop there on my way home
kind of make a fun travel day out of it
as well as like like we did yesterday so
are we ready to go did everyone sleep
well is everyone happy everyone's butts
are wiped everyone's changed everyone's
fed and everyone's ball yeah high five
Kelvin oh we don't touch that high five
okay let's go
we're gonna have to make another day of
this this place see this put this place
where we're at is tons of aquariums you
can touch a starfish there's TVs amazing
so we're just going to walk through this
fish area there is a hundred other those
human sharks these up so we're gonna
walk through this place I know that
we're gonna want to make another trip
back that's so cool
this is the stingray oh my goodness look
at that what do you mean give this
Wow their story and that not-so-amazing
the old colorful monkey bars over there
let me help you on them Wow look at them
they're so powerful so they have this
huge like play area so we're going to do
a play area for like 30 40 minutes and
then they have a little show a 3d show
I'm going to take the cool place hold on
both hands
should we get these on just like yeah
you ready I'm ready fresh up we're gonna
watch a little 15-minute 3d movie oh no
you're eating them let's put them on
again all right let go
just like that the reward for the
victorious is great speeds of 60 miles
an hour or more you made a mess you
spilt your mouth but did you have fun
hey you this is the first time that I
have filled up the car and I had no idea
where the button was to lift the nozzle
for the gas and I had to call Jerry's I
could just push on the push on the gas
tanks all you had to do is push that and
open crazy huh
but yeah I feel like with me I was like
what button what button where is it that
well that is a wrap on the shoot and
it's time to say goodbye to this
beautiful location absolutely gorgeous
goodbye Provo time to take a two-hour
drive back home oh oh well not a bad way
to travel I'll do that more often if I
can just remain it over to my parents
how it's gonna take care of some flowers
and water the lawn a little bit and then
back home
all right I utilized the zucchini that
we had zucchini zucchini come on look at
me talking here again I utilize the
zucchini that we that we have had on the
counter and I made the little taco thing
so it's like rice black beans tomatoes
corn cilantro cheese and baked on the
zucchini I'm getting everything ready
because we're getting a little
babysitter tonight for like two hours
and then tomorrow all day because we're
doing a lot of house stuff so I have a
thing right here to tell them that they
can make that peanut butter and jelly
smoothie if they want
I have zucchini bread and we will have
leftovers of that and also like some
grapes and some fresh stuff in here so
the kids will have plenty of food for
tomorrow babysitter's I have some of
their games out the babysitter's can
play with the kids so things are getting
situated today for tomorrow's huge day
so I feel a lot better about that
dinner's made the fridge is full for the
kids and you have to eat that so I'm
just getting ready because Jer and I
have an appointment at the house around
the seven o'clock tonight so I'm really
excited babysitter
check Datanet yeah is that so funny like
okay we're on a date night let's go to
her house and look at the changes
they've already finished all the
insulation inside the garage isn't this
crazy what what oh my gosh look at all
the sheetrock they did the insulation
there up top I think so look it's it
closed off now yeah it looks like a wall
are these all the lights sheetrock
sheetrock mix oh my goodness this is all
happening so soon I can't wait
Oh what were we gonna measure bathroom
mirror
know where the tub is where does that
big makeup remember when you close the
door right here okay so we have a mirror
in the room in the bathroom yeah a
full-sized mirror though yeah yeah I
think oh ouch
oh I dropped a can on my toad oh no it's
okay mom
oh that's sweet every tape measure so
one about two of these - that's actually
a cubit Ellie did you know that
everybody's your elbow to the top of
your middle finger that's a cubit
everyone that's like the the measurement
they use in like Noah's Ark I think I
could be wrong about that trivia for you
it's kind of crazy we're never gonna see
the guts of our house again I mean
tomorrow I have a lot of this she rocked
in it like like the skeleton the
framework of our house is gonna be
covered and like all the insulation it's
like you live in home for 30 40 even
more years we'll be here forever and
crazy like it's a weird feeling right
now like this is our home
it's weird like you're gonna probably
bring more babies home no we definitely
what we're gonna bring a dog home
eventually we're gonna Jackson's gonna
bring a girlfriend fighter home and and
I'm gonna bring a ping-pong table right
over there
this is exciting oh my god well guys
that was a fun little date night you're
laughing talking
we got swig drinks treats freaking good
I've never had I don't know it's
brand-new they're bomb it was really
good we're gonna go ahead and say good
night and we'll see you tomorrow with a
full day of house stuff
