good morning guys it is a gorgeous day
would you just
thank God good morning I just fell down
this hill as I was saying good morning
guys we are filming some geekify guys
videos today of the bubble wrap type I
want to see if you can guess what this
is all about here this is going to be
tons of fun lots of squishing of Jarrod
today is what I'm guessing is going to
happen but it's a beautiful day can't
wait to get started
a little sweaty I think is what's gonna
happen alrighty the kids each have their
blankets we've got a sleeping bag a
stroller all I need is to pack the kids
up and I think we are good to go
on an adventure ready to go on an
adventure yo you ready to go on an
adventure Calvin one doesn't seem like
anyone's very excited can I get a yes
yeah yeah we're going to adventure here
Jack's ready to go all right so when
Jarrod usually does his filming usually
once a month with geekify guys he goes
and usually I stay home with the kids
it's like usually a 5 6 hour drive
wherever he's at and it's just nice to
keep the kids in their own beds and
Jarrod's busy and so I just stay home
well Jarrod's only like 2 hours away and
there is a really cool museum that I
took the kids to last time Jarrod was
gone the Curiosity Museum and it's right
up where Jarrod's gonna be out filming
so I was like I'll just come up with you
you have Hotel might as well go make a
fun like day out of it with the kids so
I'm going to take the kids for to go
play cards packed up everyone's happy
it's only not even 9:00 a.m. and we're
ready
we're ready to go it is kind of like a
park I'm just driving by the house and
it looks like they are finishing up
insulation today and there is huge you
can see the Builder he did huge signs on
the house rock rock that's how high our
rock will go up crazy are you gonna come
play with us today yeah I want you to
hit me okay hey you sure yeah he seemed
Bruce Lee's 100 unch so I'm kidding at a
candy person fun is fun okay are you
ready for me - yeah oh this is gonna be
fun baby all right ladies and gents
here's the question of the day who has
the best costume haha
is it Jordan Jake is it Darrell Oh a
Honda or is it Christian hmm
or
Oh
Oh Oh
you
Wow
that was intense I was a crazy sheep all
right before I get cut out of this
bubble wrap suit I've got to put two and
two together I'm basically a giant ball
there's a big hill right here duh
I'm more dizzy than I was playing what
was the thing we did hoverboard soccer
well that was a fun day
did you have fun it was so fun thanks
for writing your mouth got it hot and
sweaty feeling I'm going the kids are
starving what do you want to eat chicken
Jackson - very rarely says he's hungry
and in the middle that she goes dinner
chicken I'm like he's hungry so we made
ten which is Emily's before we came but
we're hungry did you have fun be hot
everyone's like red flushed for thirsty
are you ready to eat okay
yes baby Jesus hey he's just tickling
yet he's just tickling yeah I've said it
once I've said it a thousand times if
you ever make it down to Provo or Utah
County you have to make a stop at J dogs
it is the best hotdog you will ever have
in your entire life the special sauce is
amazing the Polish talk you have to do a
Polish dog with special sauce at least
that's what you have to do we just
finished our first shoot and then we're
taking everyone to J dogs this is the
place they're all as Brigham Young said
this is the place okay guys what's the
verdict look one bite it's just gone
like that what do you guys think oh my
gosh look at the gloriousness of this
hotdog it is just a beautiful thing
hi buddy are you having fun oh you're
jumping so high you're not all day knees
and toes are you dancing kind of a kiss
goodnight hmm wow this hotel room looks
really what the heck what are you guys
doing in the hotel room oh I didn't ask
for all of you guys to be here I just
was looking for my family I'm looking
for my family we're getting ready to
film our last video of the day it's
gonna be fun because this sweet girls
balls yeah it's gonna be great yep and I
think we should involve something with
your lips watch your video for me need a
kiss
oh I've been asking the crew tons of
questions about the diva light the diva
ring is on what's called
yes I think that that is so cool I've
looked for a lot like that for a long
time a lot of the lights that I've seen
actually attached to the camera but I
like that this doesn't I like they can
put it in front of the camera rather
than attach it look how cool that looks
nifty someday maybe we slowly are
collecting more and more camera
equipment but I think that would be
really fun we are going to go ahead and
say goodnight for now but we'll see you
guys tomorrow
it was nice playing a game with you it
was nice plan of game with you but
ladies always really Leonard I'm excited
to see the video on geekify guys we will
see you guys tomorrow thanks for
watching bye
