Kalvin give me hugs Jackson give me hugs
good morning guys I just walked in hi
into Jackson's room because I'm getting
him closed for the day Jared just laid
Calvin down for a nap but I have to show
you where he's at you didn't listen look
at mama look at mama
look at mama think you did listen let's
try it again
you stay right here just stay right
there
listen thank you
you left it and say okay mama
good morning
Calvin good morning did you take a nap
oh good night did you take a nap still a
little sleepy guy was such a big boy
such a big boy
yeah give me your best foot jackhammer
on I'm so proud of you high five
I'm just like regular underwear on David
I'm like he might had accidents there's
a thicker underwear it's just a Gerber
brand from Walmart so if he does P it
Elyse absorbed it and it doesn't like on
the couch and stuff like the other day
we do wash your hands proud of you
mommy I'll turn the water on cuz it
could be hot so Austin aren't rub your
hands with the soap like mommy does it
rub your hands together put this hand on
this hand that's ready other hand
hey thank you so much good day there you
are I've come with cool tidings
so I ventured over here to Bonnie and
Joel's house because I'm gonna help Joel
a little bit with some electrical work
if you guys didn't know Joel is a master
electrician and I'm working on my
Tenderfoot electrician merit badge and
I'm Melvin I'm doing some stuff and
yesterday while we were here they don't
have like anything in the kitchen for
like water or appliances or anything
like that and if Joel was anything like
I was he was dying for water and we were
drinking out of the hose which reminds
me of being a kid but I wanted to bring
this to you so you had some cool water
and a water bottle to carry everything
m'kay yes the answer that question is
yes are you kidding me what in the heck
everything I've opened up electrically
today has been full of that cheese here
send it down oh my gosh look at the size
of that thing that's crazy
you haven't been stung or anything yet
have you look hold on the cord even holy
crap there was stuff all through
everything today Wow it's not that
you'll just get electrocuted well and
then I knew a guy that sprayed the bees
didn't use non-conductive spray Oh No
hello up he survived but man scary oh
yeah sorry I'm down here in the basement
and the new cold storage and we've got
this wire right here that we're feeding
all the way up through
there's no power down here and just yet
because we're working with electricity
it kind of feels like I'm in a dungeon
but I'm feeding this up through to Joel
so he can grab it and then we're gonna
close this off right here does this work
as a walkie-talkie check check one two
dude it's a walkie-talkie we're talking
to a walkie-talkie right now and there
you have it that's all she wrote I was
pretty easy oh my goodness is assist me
good night good night it is three
o'clock and Jackson has not had one
accident today you have gone potty so
many times in the toilet today I'm so
happy
hi cousins guys it's so nice to have you
here your kitchen is gonna be done soon
I've heard how are you doing today
better I was like oh yeah we've got tons
of things figure out with the house last
night as fun as it is it can be
stressful too oh yeah
kind of fun that we're stressing over
the same things but we're also kind of
excited for the same things
totally I made some zucchini bread we
have so much leftover there's some in
there does that not look really good
I've used a few recipes for zucchini
bread before and this is the one like
you know if you search like chocolate
chip cookies it's like the allure
whatever comes up usually this is the
same recipe I just googled it so maybe I
told Bonnie if she was up to at least
Jared I might just time for dinners like
zucchini boats so we don't waste any of
this my turn now yeah was this one of
yours from when you were young no oh
this is one of your oh my goodness
gracious look at these changes that's
amazing guys look around they put in
insulation in the walls at least all the
outside walls okay kids now we have to
be very careful we can't touch it okay
because it'll be itchy and scratchy too
Wow look at that that looks so cool no
what did he say what'd you say buddy
that's right this is Calvin's room this
is fun yeah this is Calvin's closet and
that's Calvin's window and that's
Provence other windows yeah oh and they
even did the downstairs progress
progress progress this looks so cool
Jackson we are gonna have so much fun
jumping down all of these stairs when
they're all done aren't we are you
carpet on it you know I think we'll put
spikes
do you love it now that you know that
it's the same color as upstairs yeah
it's just the lighting playing tricks on
us that's all it is it's all fun and
games until the camera phones get wet I
wet my pants a little bit
Bonnie saved it good job
I'm after my revenge he did not like
that did not like that oh I just love
hugs from my Calvin that's what I love
is I love hugs
Oh give me can I have a hug please
please go get what no I want out of
these please give me a hug no don't push
me away
that's silly give me okie mica oh that's
a good boy that's a good boy
no give me a kiss kind of kiss okay
please have a kiss oh oh you want to
give me a kiss okay okay at the same
time
Calvin give me hugs Jackson give me hugs
doble okay stinky boys it's time for
bath you guys stink and it's never about
yes I know you I know you don't want it
but it's time for bath let's go I'm
gonna go ahead and end the vlog tonight
guys thank you so much for watching but
before I do go over to Conan Katie's
channel and watch their birth video and
congratulate them
you guys congratulations on your sweet
little baby boy I'm so happy for you and
we'll see you guys tomorrow bye
