Jackson here smell the leather he hasn't
kind of grown to the acquired taste of
leather
what did you say you want to push him
okay my little helper let's go straight
though let's go this way
good morning guys whatever this is
perfect we are getting to really fun
part with the house where we are
starting to buy things putting inside
the house we have about seven weeks left
and so we have two stores to run into
today if it gets really good we are
going to get a little treat later - I
can't hear you what was it itsy bitsy
spider goes in there that does look like
what an itsy bitsy spider would go in
and take a seat by yeah it is a loveseat
sit comfy yeah the kids and I are
browsing it the Down East furniture
store my interior designer said that a
lot of times their furniture here is
Pottery Barn and Restoration Hardware
and so we're just kind of looking around
looking at rugs we have a lot that we're
doing today for the house I just called
the lighting guy so we have to make
another trip down and we're going to go
look at our lights that go above our
kitchen island today so we're almost
done we're just finishing up the last
little bit of things Jackson oh do you
like this table this is cute we're going
to do a little table for the kids
downstairs as well I think that one's
really cute I like the colorful mists of
that a lot but we also just walked into
a pet store and we saw a ton of fishies
and Jackson was going crazy over them I
think that would be fun too
sometimes I have lots of fun little
dreams that I want to have in the kids
area do want you pinky okay I just asked
them if some of their furniture was left
over like Restoration Hardware or other
stores and they said any item that's a
Blue Dot is not Downey's furnitures like
this in this white bed this is from
another company so interesting the
things you learn
you
you
you
I just have to say I like the way we
sync Bonnie
well we're on our way and I told Bonnie
our plans and she was like you okay and
I said let me ask Jared first and
there's times where it's like no me and
Jared just wanted to are skiing or
Bonnie goes no Joel and I just want to
do our hands like yeah whatever we don't
care but we decided today we did want it
oh hey Joel's doing some work I'm going
to take a long drive to what we wanted
to do we want to get something to brand
our home well explain that a little bit
Oh buddies that want cap guns together
stay together looking cute that is
there's nothing big oh I love this story
this is so cool so a few videos ago we
talked about how we wanted to make sure
we knew exactly when they were pouring
cement and our back patio because we
wanted to do something very fun and we
just got to the place in the store where
we have our idea but we're running into
an issue darn it do it we're all depart
handprints in the back patio but thought
it'd be fun to do an image a yeah and so
you grab no I don't think that's too big
at all
what's up on smaller ones we come on
dose I say go big or go home sister you
know how they have an e but they don't
have a J so get them in but we'll do the
e Finnell must just be your house huh
should you get but what about them
really oh they don't even a really tiny
little one for a J I think that would be
really fun I think it'd be so cool but
you know what I'd even love bettors I'd
love to like weld it together to have
like a circle around it and kind of just
like fashion it that way so it's like
our logo what do you think no I think
just an E and J I think that you're like
I don't know what to do this chair
something I don't know when they're
gonna do it
oh man it's kind of a bummer you could
do a circle oh and then bonded again so
we're at the store called Smith &
Edwards and it's just like this giant
store of Awesome fun things and right
now I'm walking by like all the horse
saddles and everything and this is just
like all leather and the smell is just
the best I love fresh leather like fresh
wallets oh my gosh smells good
do you have a favorite smell that you're
just like Father's my favors the best
leather do you sly get Jackson here
smell the leather
he hasn't kind of grown to the acquired
taste of leather do you see these
coveralls oh my gosh this is my grandpa
right here this is my grandpa's wardrobe
oh I miss him oh man but seriously like
that's what he would wear Dickies those
little coveralls it's like really sad
because I miss him so much but when I
laugh because that is his closet every
day except maybe Sunday that's what he
would wear this is why we can't have
nice things guys haha did you at least
get your gummy bears Jackson oh my
goodness
Jackson knock this whole display over
here
I'm in you get your gummies okay let's
clean up Wow look at all these light
bulbs yeah led all the way I don't want
to have to change the light bulb for 20
years for a lighting store this is very
bright in here the white baffle goes up
inside of the can mhmmm time we got a
bulb right now easy squeazy I don't Wow
look at this one that's there's a lot to
that one that fan above your head oh I
think that's so cool Ellie should I put
this in my office if you want that that
fan I'll give you a swing and deal on
that one swing and Dale get it cuz his
fancy yeah I've been talking to Jared's
old friend from high school actually his
old girlfriend she's she's building a
home as well so we've been going back
and forth of what she's doing and what
we're doing we just went to this place
is pretty much we look at their website
in the books and I suffer I didn't
really see anything that I loved and if
we don't see anything we like we can buy
our stuff wherever if we wanted to buy
it at Walmart if we wanted to buy a
pottery bar if we wanted to buy it you
know wherever if we find something that
we like better we don't have to go
through the builders stuff we can do it
yeah buy what we want so I'm going to
look through their websites and their
books and see what I like but this is
like all day this is what we're doing
all days store store store I'll finish
up some things we're going to go talk
about your desk you're okay and build a
custom desk because the thing is in my
office I have my iMac and the desk the
PC and I want to have it all together in
one and I haven't found a desk that will
do that so we have to make one perfect
I'm really asking you like deep down why
why are you like this how come no matter
what you're always like it's okay like
it's not that you just are careless like
it with anything you're just no matter
what situation you're like it's okay
like the other day Jared in the car he's
like on my stress management class Heidi
has manic when I was in college I took a
stress management class yeah I don't
know I I mean I've really enjoyed it but
I I don't know I think my parents
definitely how about that but the thing
is when when we get into situations like
this where we're impatient with the kids
and everything or overwhelmed or not
everything in 15 minutes is it going to
matter like are we going to be that
upset to where we you know if we lose
inpatient is that more important than
then us being stressed you know so it's
like if I lose patience that's probably
gonna have more of an impact on them
than me and this is I'm talk about just
everything like not even like with the
kids just like every little thing and
Jackson's wooden coasters if she's like
my grandma what I was trying to say was
no matter the situation if it's kids if
it's me if it tells stuff no matter the
situation finances whatever Jared is
always good to just like be calm I don't
know I I love that because he grounds me
but he's helping Joel I think that is
this the electrical yeah I'm gonna make
you Paul isn't giving me anything right
hold on it's not getting a so Jared's
helping Joel it's like they're doing the
underground electrical stuff kids are
not happy but Jared got an escort ride
gone on that I can get 70 miles to the
gallon on this hog it's awesome
kids are a little cranky thank you here
we go we're going to Aspen here at the
house it doesn't look like much has
changed
oh I think they're installing some of
the bathroom fans so just just little
things like that but I'm here to check
the bathtub we talked with the plumber a
little bit and I just want to do a
little quick like a white balance test I
have this book I couldn't find a piece
of paper but this light book that we got
I'm gonna hold it up next the bathtub
and get like a comparison so it's a
little darker than that one
I know but on stairs and see what the
other one looks like compared to this
one okay yeah they look about the same
so maybe they aren't different I like I
said yesterday I think our eyes are just
playing a trick on us just cuz the
lighting down here is so different they
look like the same color to me so just
walking out of here not much just change
I'm sure a lot has changed like with
wiring and heating and cooling and water
and all of that stuff but I don't know
anything about that all right mr. Cal
Ripken jr.
I think the bathtub is calling your name
I think it's calling your name you are
so dirty oh my goodness you guys have
dirt moustaches you know that you guys
are filthy now go get in the bathtub I
remember mom saying we started the house
don't look at his feet she said you're
gonna trash your car we cannot keep on
top of the housework and the car like
everything is sick dirt is like the
underwear I got underwear
naughty clothes are clothes like we're
in such a crazy time right now I
wouldn't have it any other way
for sure I'm grateful that we have dirt
from our house that we're building and
we can't you don't like our bed you
don't need to hide those no shame no
shame
yeah sure it's been three hours it's
been a long time since the last three
hours
Jared not have been sitting here
together do you like this do you like
this light you like this color where do
you can get this test you like this like
we've been going through every little
thing for the house and it's been really
fun it's been so fun and I've been your
desk yeah this is like the office and so
I'm trying to Matt's been helping us a
lot - thanks Matt I don't know I'm just
trying to design the office that's all
like that so we have a ton of emails
that we just saw off to the interior
designer of items that we like
we've been sending a ton of emails to
our interior designer of items that we
like a little better or whatnot sweepin
kind of crazy the last three hours but
it has been fun
I think we're go ahead and say good
night to you guys and now your head down
on me I think a night to Jackson jaw say
goodbye but close your eyes buddy real
quick we also want to give a huge
congratulations to our friends Colin and
Katie on the arrival of the new baby
Brooks congratulations guys we love you
this is going to be the best adventure
of your life
