Jackson is your daddy
good morning guys we played us so hard
this weekend but it is back to getting
into the swing of things with the house
we have roughly seven weeks until we
move and every day I kind of slowly do
something to get us prepared whether
it's organizing the garage getting
things cleaned out going through clothes
today I'm going through the boxes in my
closet
I love having boxes up there because I
think they're pretty and a lot of them
are filled with cards from family and
actually letters from you guys and like
this cute 10 right here this is from you
guys this is filled with letters from oh
look look and my old pregnancy test huh
I saved them they are gone now so I can
toss them but they did have a yes
forever ago seeing drawings from you
guys so anyway I'm just going through
these kind of organizing them down those
are my lush boxes I'm gonna try and get
rid of those but guy is 7 weeks until we
move roughly so crazy my mind is blown
so much to do so much fun things to do
this is like the funnest part they're
gonna be installing cabinets and toilets
and so much fun things at the house it's
gonna be really fun well the digital
pregnancy test obviously don't last that
long but I found one from when I was
pregnant with Jackson holy crap it's
weird seeing that it's like this is not
now this was over two years ago crazy
Wow it's kind of emotional going through
all of these like I'm looking at
Jackson's ultrasound pictures in his
little hands and just the emotions I
remember how I felt and this disc right
here is the disc that shows the egg that
Jackson was so isn't that crazy
we saw Jackson before we even knew that
he was gonna be ours so crazy so this is
so sweet but keep that forever and ever
I really didn't think this zucchini
could get any bigger Ellie would you
look at this we should make zucchini
bread oh my gosh we will feed a small
country with that zucchini no that's not
even all of them there's this one too
and then I've got three like larger than
normal but still smaller than this
zucchini from my parents garden
is insane I just got back from watering
the garden the flowers and everything
and I picked a few zucchini
taeksoo some neighbors and some friends
and everything and while we were there I
have a little update on Jackson when
he's home I try and have him in
underwear and then it seems like at one
o'clock we are going places and the knee
is up in a diaper and stuff but this
morning he had a little accident
yes Jackson peed on the couch did you
did what'd you do did you pee on the
couch he came up right away yes he did
not in the toilet like you asked me to
oh yeah of course it does something with
potty training accidents happen so we're
totally that's yeah
anyway so we go to Grandma and Grandpa's
house we water the garden the flower who
picked a zucchini and then we go inside
to just kind of walk through the house
and Jackson says daddy go go potty and I
said are you kidding me right now and I
said you want to go sit in the toilet
nope exactly but I get him on the toilet
and we just sit there for a little bit
and he said okay I'm done and I look in
there sure enough Jackson went pee
Jackson did you go pee did you pee in
the toilet where can you show me oh no
don't do it right now there that's all
the accent today has been on the the
couch but he peed in toilet and we were
so excited could not believe it
I'm not sure when it'll feel real that
I'll be like this is my living room and
I feel like oh our other place that we
actually have is no longer ours maybe
when we actually live here that will
probably be when I feel up but we're
just walked in here it's Monday
afternoon and we're walking through to
see if we can notice any changes
anything that's going on and I don't
think I see anything actually do see one
thing they've swept up a lot of the
stuff that they had like all the
different tubing and wiring and extra
wood around the place oh and they've got
this a little half wall for the toilet
there's
there's nothing that's cool yeah white
or cream looking at the tub to see if
it's white or cream would you be
embarrassed if I couldn't tell the
difference it looks white Oh
let's take a look and see what it looks
like very cream it's not white Oh major
house troubles someone called the fire
department this one's out of control are
you sure it's not just the lighting I
think it's just the lighting hon yeah I
don't know I don't know no I'm closed
out to it it does look I think our eyes
are playing tricks on us it doesn't look
all that white but it doesn't look all
that interesting I hope they don't have
to take this out
it's the wrong color does it say color
on here well we'd certainly be in a
pickle if it were as soon as we get the
final designs back I'm going to be doing
all the videos on what the rooms what
furniture stuff that we're gonna put in
there but for now with this back area
this is like all the kids play area and
we are gonna have like a little Pottery
Barn shelf thing right here for toys
we're gonna have like some hoops and
toys some like costumes like Hulk and
the adventure and like stuff right here
for the kids we're gonna have a little
table little camera section right here
like I think I want to put a little
shelf like one of our old vlogging
cameras and then get like one of those
little pix cameras that the kids can
take it okay yeah ton of pictures right
there's a little beanbag chairs so
they're really excited to have like the
kids have their own play area are you
excited for that yes
that this is all just like empty space
right here what if we put some shelves
like up in there that's what the
builders son did but they said that we
wouldn't have this space what we do yeah
this whole wall will be shelves shelving
unit though if you have it you feel it
and you may not need to fill it up do
you know what I mean burn yeah that's
our doggie shower
Jackson you dig shower right there how
do you take a shower you know what
Bonnie sent me a picture today of a dog
sent me she's wanting to get one soon I
don't even know that little dog so
there's two things I want to show you
guys so there is a few updates this is
different than I thought all of that has
a film that comes off okay so this is
our front door so they will stain the
door once they stain the floors are wood
floors so that is in and then the
Builder called the other day and said
something to do with code or whatnot
that they needed another window in here
this room is gonna be such a beautiful
room this is going to be Calvin's room
future baby room it's so bright and
cheerful there's a huge big bay window
but they needed to add one more window
it actually I think looks really pretty
so this is just like the room in my
mom's house that room upstairs and my
mom's like make sure to tell him to do a
three-foot window I'm not a - folks
that's what mom has and she always
wishes she had a little bigger window
that's the thing is like the more
natural life is better I just it's a new
house to me but I had no idea where to
put it just just use your best judgment
and I like where he put it just right
there because we could always put
kelvins but there or here which by the
way when we move in Calvin is going to
be in a toddler bed like he took another
nap and
about today so I'm just gonna put him in
there we should probably just like
change his bed and right now I know
Jackson is your daddy he's done that
like 10 times now we're just sitting
here having fun and he comes up and
jumps on my lap you got get you ready
for that are you now dad's rocking you
boy are you doing good come on jump jump
all right kids playtime's over we got to
get ready for bed we gotta get up jim
has only got to get the toys away mom
you're not gonna put all the toys away
by yourself Jackson you grab that egg
right there you grab that knife you grab
that Buzz Lightyear grab that person you
put it in the bucket right now can you
do that Bobby it's not pretty cool that
your kids are playing with your toys in
your pocket I'm cringing cringing
a date to go back through high school
and first to meet all of my teachers
like and then make out in the library no
thing
worst day ever JJ you need a new date I
like him a lot
he's one of my favorites he's here he's
just been really nice I really like him
but not this date well as the night grew
lon
we gained a little visitor Ellie and I
were just watching the flash and Jackson
woke up and it was just so cute he Ellie
got him and he's just like a rock
goodbye they rocked her then he goes dad
so he just laid on you
I love that about being a dad they want
me to hold them because I will hold a
sleeping boy like this anytime I love it
it's the best so with that we are coming
once it wasn't Kelvin that's true so
with that we are gonna go to bed so
thank you guys so much for watching we
hope you have a wonderful day and we'll
see you tomorrow
bye
