here we go there it is Ellie did you get
it
don't see yes Wow yeah he's good yes can
you believe that he said hi yesterday
Kelly hi that's so cute
he said yeah he that was distinct mmm
nothing I would say that was his first
word beside mom and dad oh yeah what did
you see him cover his mouth when you
covered your mouth huh that's so cute
good morning guys and happy Sunday good
morning don't lie Elliot's not even
close to the way it's morning it's the
very beginning of the vlog but that's
exactly right at the beginning good
morning to you we are getting ready to
go do some like family fireworks a
family dinner at my cousin's house and
they do this one to you and they invited
us again this year I'm really excited
and we made a stop at mom's just to kind
of rest for a little bit then before we
go to our family's house and Calvin is
talking so oh is that he's talking so
much more can you say
mama huh say yes he said yes Regan my
favorite thing he does a little time
thing yes I'm gonna call them write him
yes we Calvin is to the point where I
was ripping him some pieces of food and
even used to eat it he knew what he
wanted he wanted to hold the hotdog he's
at that age where they're like no I'm
this is what I want to do what I want
Calvin the cousins are all here they're
all hanging out and all the cousins
cannot leave this little doggie alone
seat there's Lea would you like him is
she so funny look at the dog go pick him
up bring him over with him do you love
him funny she will not leave him I know
I know I've been learning all about
what breeds of your keys train well
realize you want to know what the best
your keys at train well our yellow labs
I think Alvin has made a pretty good
friend too he loves dogs
Bert like is ten times the size of
Calvin and I've had no fear yeah and
he's just like yeah I'm just gonna stay
here share my food with his dog maybe
let him let my fingers a little bit
ain't not saying whoa you're not
thinking what I'm thinking you're
thinking oh my goodness
did you just snap that in your fingers
let me do one od you're insane try it
again oh you try Olivia
no I you try it first I'm too scared I'm
Way too scared you try it's too hard
here let me I get you you did I dropped
it I did it actually you already know
summer days are so hard on kids right
now jared is taking Jackson for a car
ride because he is so sad I think he's
just so tired and Henry he has become my
best friend can I have a kiss him he
keeps a wrinkly old her so good I got
him that crush and I'm going to make him
like me I need to be your best friend
tonight okay Calvin has been running
around the yard and he made sure to
knock over every single one of these I
put this up to see if he'd knock it down
but you found a drink instead Jackson
are you ready to see this this is
fireworks up close and personal kind of
sad
hey wonderful hi know what cut a mess
yeah a little yeah it's gotten a little
worse over time
yeah you should watch this do you want
to watch it go let's watch it here we go
all right third time's the charm
I love that smell like my favorite smell
yeah okay
we started open up ours and launched
these ones these have three parachutes
in them no oh man
we really go block that way because we
got a go blog that way to make him land
in the yard so we're trying to launch
fireworks with parachutes inside of them
and every time we launch them they just
go way up and then they they land over
on the roof and everything so we're
moving as far as we can this way up and
into the neighbor's yard we're gonna
launch the the two left that we have
hopefully someone will be able to catch
up okay let's do it just as long as we
don't hit the wires the telephone wires
will be good yeah clear from that okay
here we go yes I think you got it there
it is yeah
all right we got one more we got one
more
oh oh oh it's coming it's carrying it's
carrying it back over did you get it Ali
you got it
Ellie did you get it did you catch on
Ellie I ran a track travel beacon did
you get it oh yeah oh where is it Oh
Boston Boston let's see it is this what
is this what I caught from this guy yeah
is it pretty cool take me ten kids
together you knocked over ten kids I
hope you feel good about yourself if you
can spot any of the kids
oh there's Olivia hi Jax was right there
Kate's right here I ended up jumping
about the volleyball games I'm just not
very good but look let's see both
serving of your baby mom
you missed me Tom Cervelli I had a
really sweet jump sir and actually went
in it was good well you both
Oh okay Jackson do you see the moon
where's the moon right there the
fireworks are going to go right
underneath the moon and they're gonna go
any second
you
you
Oh My Goddess we made at home sometimes
I'm honestly amazed that we make it home
I am so tired it was so much fun we had
such a great time with family and
everything speaking of family I have to
give a big congratulations to my brother
Matt and his wife Emily they had a baby
a while ago baby
Ethan they just blessed the baby this
Sunday congratulations Matt and Emily we
wish we could have been there thinking
of you guys we love you very very much
for now it is now our duty to go to
sleep and get as much sleep as humanly
possible before those two kids wake up
and that will happen at least once in
the night maybe nose goes do you guys
ever do that we do on time I know you I
end up being on last prayer that's good
in this case you were getting the kids
okay thank you guys so much for watching
we hope you had a great weekend with us
as we did some family stuff we will see
you guys tomorrow on Monday where we are
going to be doing some house stuff see
ya
