okay here's another trick
you
oops well good morning to you sherry
oh that's a huge AG good morning hi i'm
mod did you sleep good
or did you sleep hey up on his tent hi
was that fun hey I heard you gotta sleep
inside into bed late and Ruby said have
you fallen asleep yet and I said no the
next thing I knew I was in bed well we
know what honestly I think with it mom
said it last night like we do all this
work but it's worth it like it's fun
well good morning they're making
breakfast Aunt Linda did you sleep good
did you sleep good did you sleep in a
tent No good morning sitting enjoying
enjoying ourselves and the sprinklers
turned on
oh my gosh good you know what that
probably plan that oh yeah I'm sure he
was laughing
everybody just cleaned up to go back to
show you
oh there you go can I come see your home
yeah okay well did you have a good time
yes I love her bed set that's so cute
how fun I like your room I know as my my
family my mother parents what are you
doing whoa everyone pretty much has gone
home for the day but you don't really
have anything much that we want to do
today so we're just hanging out in the
pool so it's me and all the kids out
here if finding kids out here playing in
the pool and they're playing in the pool
but I got is a kid so I'm not gonna show
all the kids cuz some of them are not
ready but the pool is Little Tikes is
the brand and I thought this man was
like eight years old and my mom has
hotter forever it like it's not even
faded so usually we just get like the
little blog post but maybe like when
were settled and stuff if they even have
these I mean I looked at their website
maybe the hobbies but Calvin is
definitely yes dem swimming swam out
however we want to call it so I think
we're just gonna go ahead and sit and
swing I think the boys on the segways in
the front
some people are resting so we're just
getting out so Calvin and I are swinging
on the swings is this so fun my baby boy
hey it's Dave can you get it can you get
your feet oh oh oh get it get it
hey not too shabby
I've got a I've got to take off and get
back on okay
hey not too bad
okay here's another trick that didn't
work okay ready back flip one back hope
and look at the camera one two one dear
that's hard to do you don't know where
you're landing one two I got a smile
okay we mode I know there's things that
for 30 years in church like and our
competition was to touch the leaves and
grab them with her mouth it snapped
you flew back I flew you know Jarrod
we've broken a lot of people's things as
we can ruin everything don't I I think
Calvin loves this he keeps getting out
of the pool getting his pinkie laying
down then he'll get right back up and go
play I think he is having so much fun in
the Sun at Grandma's house but you
haven't find candy kisses oh yeah
sometimes you play too hard and have too
much fun
and then you swing with mama isn't that
cute
I owe you 10 bucks Ali look at this we
have stone for our house and we have a
front door oh my goodness can you guys
even see with the light we have a front
door they're gonna stain it but there's
our door holy moly
now Jared came the other day and said
that we have a tub somewhere and I over
even had to find a place that I don't
even know if that was in last time Wow
holy cow oh there we go there's our tub
and you told me the other day I didn't
even I didn't even cross my mind wow we
have a tub holy cow and a few weeks left
before we move in it's crazy how the
last part they have so much to do yet
they do it so fast but yeah we are going
to be doing look oh my gosh the rock is
like right here I even realized that oh
my goodness look I know that I saw this
but I didn't realized that holy cow
people could literally just come and
take it that's crazy Wow
that's our rock this is such pretty Rock
Jer and I loved picking this out it's
like blueish blueish grey rock right
there on our way home before we end the
vlog I just feel really inspired to talk
about this and we've had a really fun
weekend but a lot of things I feel like
I've really been small miracles
you know Jared and the formula already
anyone realized would have what had
happened until after he got home that
night and was editing and telling me
about it
that in of itself was a miracle and then
the next day today we're swinging on the
swing set and the swing set breaks while
I'm going as high as the swing set can
go like because they're trying to go
high yeah we were trying to go as high
as we could we were having a little
competition me down and Joel see who can
keep the leaves and on the backswing
at-bat the tallest point of the
backswing the swing breaks and I go
flying back again I land on my feet and
hey look they're talking he is they
could have had his hands in the chain or
something like legalized his hand or
fingers like it's just bad or if I was
swinging forward oh and I completely
upside down and I think one of the
things I wanted to say specifically was
usually we pray before we like eat
dinner we pray before we go on road
trips just for like praying for like
safety and that we can be alert of
others like while we're on the road and
whatnot the boys had prayed before they
went for milling and then once they got
there my brother beau it was like I feel
like we should say another prayer and
all the guys that you know they have
that same feeling that they feel like
they should ask for a prayer of safety
before they go up and but beau Jared
both their wills got flat and that was
an answer grand I just feel very
grateful for that I feel like I was
watched over whether or not you believe
in that stuff like I feel like that's
what happened absolutely and I am very
grateful for family I am grateful for
this weekend it lifted my spirits I love
love seeing my sisters my brother my
parents on all of the cute nieces and
nephews so thank you guys so much for
watching the past few days
we will see you guys tomorrow bye oh
don't be sad you wanna say bye
don't be died Jax Jax do you want to say
goodbye to our friends case paper by to
our friends I've distracted look our
friends don't want to cry stay put my
friends
