I mean that is my favorite and that be
its how stuff I mean tile whatever like
that was kill
good morning guys it's a beautiful day
today and Jackson has been begging me
say dad let's go to the park please can
we go to the park let's go to the park
so Jackson what are we doing yeah we're
going to the park and Jackson insisted
on pushing Calvin so I'm totally cool
with that we're gonna mosey on our way
over to the park and have a little fun
okay yeah this way
ready he loved the swing ever since
Ellie taught mr. Jackson he does it all
the time and it makes me so nervous but
I remember doing it and I still do it
and I love it
you're so brave like did I do that at 2
years old okay that's better I think
they had it backwards all the time
one two I think one of the most
interesting things about being a parent
is watching your kids personality come
out to come to fruition and watching the
kids grow hey bud when Jackson was
pushing Calvin I thought to myself this
is who Jackson is Jackson has always
been ever since the beginning a kid who
wants to help and it's cool to see that
in different environments and I think a
lot of it still yeah sure to Jeremy
Jackson during nursery and he like made
a friend it was like playing with him
and running around with him and like
grabbing him toys and you know getting
stuff for him I think some of it has to
do with the mimicking stage too but I
think his personality is just that and
I'm so glad that he's the older brother
be and he has that personality he likes
to help Calvin he likes to pick him up
whenever he's in the hip a little
trailer of the the red car and get him
situated when he cries and everything
it's cool to see and when I thought
about that I was like I wonder what I
was like as a kid and if I was good to
my little sister Jennifer because now
you know growing up I was really
protective of her I always wanted her to
be safe and happy from all those mean
nasty boys and elementary school and
everything but I hope that I was as good
to Jennifer as Jackson as the Calvin's
because I think that'll have an
impression that lasted their whole lives
so Jackson are you gonna be a good Big
Brother your whole life yeah annamund
kids
are so funny Kelvin knows exactly what
he wants and I've been thinking this for
a while I'm sure I'm not the only one
that's had this happened but Kelvin I
think that he might go into a toddler
bed so much sooner than normal
he is right now soupy and Jackson's
taller bed because he didn't want to
sleep in the crib he gets in Jackson's
bed all the time like he's always
crawling up in it and laying down
especially at nighttime when I'm reading
them books and I was getting him to bed
and he just was not happy and I was like
let's just try it so I laid him down on
Jackson's bed and I just kind of put my
head next to him and like rub his back
for a minute he fell asleep so I'm like
well if he gets in all the time I guess
he could sleep in
we are getting ready for our family
camping trip this weekend we originally
were supposed to have a huge family
reunion dates got messed up we're still
sticky with the dates but we're just
gonna do with my our family and my mom's
backyard they're still gonna go holy and
we're still gonna go four-wheeling which
will be great so Jared and I bought our
very first family tent last month Jared
I have sleeping bags we have camel backs
we have chairs but the kids still have
sleeping bags or chairs our backyard
three two one but the kids they don't
have any sleeping bags but now we've got
some sleeping bags we have a foot bag
some chairs for the kids and I'm on
Instagram I posted a picture of some of
the babies under the boat wow we have
one of those for like the beach and like
to protect us from the Sun when we're
out and about we got all the kids
camping stuff from Elven they do free
shipping and they are a hundred percent
satisfaction guarantee I was so giddy
when we got the email from Ella beam
that they wanted to work with us because
growing up my mom always had three
magazines by her nightstand and one of
them was LL Bean and so I just was
really giddy when they wanted to work
with me and I absolutely wanted to
because they are good quality like the
sleeping bags are so thick and full so I
am very excited I'm excited to have some
essential things to take the kids out
for the summer we're excited to go to
the beach we're excited to go camping
with the family and there are some other
things that I want to do especially at
the end of the summer I want to go to a
few national parks that's been on my
bucket list to do so if we go we're
gonna bring these we're gonna have a lot
of fun thank you so much l.l.bean
for wanting to work with us for
sponsoring our video and for sending my
kids some sleeping bags and some fun
camping gear for them if any of you guys
are in need of anything a summer related
camping related check out Elvina I'll
have a link down below I guess I have a
confession to make yesterday when the
kids and I were going out to get like
water balloons and everything we had to
go to two different stores to find those
specific water balloons that you
up and they drop down well we went to
this one store that had him and I think
I was so preoccupied with like the kids
or something that I think I didn't buy
them I think I just walked out
you bought the blends though no I didn't
i don't think i bought them le i think i
just walked out of it i think i stole
them on accident so we're here at the
store and i'm gonna go make it right and
i'm gonna buy those siri I'm being 100%
serious I bought the stuff at Walmart
cuz I know I had a bag I couldn't find
the receipt for the stuff here so I'm
like crap I have to go fix that so I'm
gonna do that right now I I'm a thief le
I literally are using Siri I am being
100% serious right now
that's sad I know so I gotta go fix it
okay I'll be right back Jared's like I'm
like what are we doing here we're not
like getting food and eating in the car
and it's like no I gotta go do something
I'm like oh thank you for being on it so
done it's done all is right in the world
20 bucks oh yeah cuz I was talking to
her about I said I just feel like an
idiot
I'm so sorry in him she's like I'm glad
that she did this because last week we
had six vacuums walk out of the store
two months ago a couple TVs just walked
out the door and I was just like that's
so terrible like I don't know how people
do it I felt so guilty I had cuz you
know I have every intention of you know
it was a complete accident but Mike you
guys want to come with us just take out
tile for good subject change le thumbs
up survive he's happier now and he's
gone around and around okay well he goes
around and around I'm gonna try and
figure something out and reassess tons
of samples so ideas to look out when we
come to the tile store the last thing we
need to pick out for tile is kitchen
backsplash fireplace and
really even what I'm looking at here I
really like what she chose which is this
for the fireplace tile which is this
which it looks so different but it's
only cos got grout it makes such a
difference anyway so this is this so
that would be the fireplace which I like
so far we'll keep looking not like this
but maybe a darker grout and then it
would be perfect what do you think yeah
that would be great so I'm not a huge
fan of subway tiles that maybe it's just
like the white traditional subway tiles
so I'm not a fan uh I really like the
bevel to look like what misty has in her
kitchen I think that's pretty we keep
going back and forth of what we want to
do for the kitchen backsplash I think
this is beautiful it is marble for the
backsplash or there is the subway tile
where it looks prettier in person it's a
bluish hue and this would be by far by
far like cheaper it would be probably in
our budget to do this if I were to do
the marble I might have to spend a
little bit outside of my budget and
we've really been good to not like
upgrade or drinking too crazy as far as
our budget goes so I'm thinking you
might want to just do this I think it'll
be beautiful no matter what route we go
I just think that this is a stunning
look so I'm not sure so generators sit
here and look at what we have so far in
price you can see what will work for us
pendra just sent me a text of what kind
of a bluish backsplash would look like
with the white cabinets and we're
probably do some gold fixtures above the
island and I think that's stunning
Jared you seriously are so cute after
looking at the picture I think that this
would be beautiful maybe even if we do I
get different and design of this so I'm
going to keep my eye out
Brandon red red and round are you happy
sear and in round looking at the subway
tiles it's the white that I'm really I
don't know why I don't know why I don't
believe it oh yeah I like this yeah
really like flat I don't like the
texture but in our bathrooms we have
colored subway tiles so this is more of
a blueish subway tile I like that I
don't know why I like the colored versus
the way it's kind of funny yeah I just
do that okay can I call you back in like
five minutes and kind of think about it
thank you but my so this is what a lot
of our days are like that we don't
really show probably we get three phone
calls a day whether it's the Builder the
electrician people are asking us
questions orange this is fun obviously
that is my favorite dot B it's how stuff
I mean tile whatever like that is what
skill that's to me like oh they're
preoccupied let's get some work done
we'll think about it another phone call
hello oh hi I just had a few questions
about the bathroom knobs in the kitchen
or in the bathroom
that's so funny now after picking out
kitchen towel you just kind of go
walking around and we met up with our
friends and we'd have dinner and I was
just telling Ashley I was like your bag
is so cute as I pull my khaki my bag is
I love it but I've been doing this a lot
lately I don't carry purses around
anymore I carry a little smaller version
of my Jujubee diaper bag at first you're
so goofy and so anyway I thought hers
was cute so I'll have to get the name of
it it's cute think of you and you want
another daddy I think that you are the
official let me hold on we found out a
little while ago that in France there
was this tragic in man you guys probably
already know about it's like
I was just thinking about it while we
were driving and I thought what if one
of our viewers was injured today
I just thought like it just became more
real or real like like that's a family
member that's like that's what I got I
felt like and so I sometimes I gets hard
to even comprehend take me see all the
stuff they get alike sometimes it's so
hard to even comprehend it
oh you yeah because I feel like where we
are right now things like that don't
happen but they are and they don't
happen as big yeah
also the the internet is making them
more publicized like we find out more
about these things and we ever have the
Florence Ovitz
it's hard to hear you know all right our
love thoughts are especially in France
right now I believe that we have
feelings like it's almost like the
subconscious is trying to tell you
something like if you ever have a
feeling to go and tell someone that you
love them or to call someone do it
because you never know when it could be
the last time who have I not said I love
them to her who have I not called on the
phone recently that I want to catch up
this
and so I encourage you guys if you have
a feeling
don't act on it if you have a feeling
that you should tell someone you love
them
well we made a home safe and sound and
we are going to call it a night
stay tuned for tomorrow because it is
going to be a family filled fun
adventure it's going to be great we're
having a little family reunion can't
wait for it we're going to do some
amazing stuff stay put you for that
thank you guys so much for watching have
a wonderful day we'll see you tomorrow
bye
