show me how a slip-n-slide works what do
you do a good job
good morning q-kidz good morning how are
you oh my goodness we are eating
breakfast pancakes today strawberries
and I have to tell you guys last night
it was like 1:00 in the morning and we
went outside and we were listening to
the Kansas City crazy Thunder like it
was like thunder the whole sky was
lightening up it wasn't and I have never
experienced anything like it it
thundered and lightning at the same time
all even landed even you are scary scary
there stuff he like we all went like and
covered our faces and it was it was
right there it was right there was so
loud kind of crazy very good yes I
screamed it I am only scream that well
that's a lie ha ha ha Elia volleyball
screamed and I was very scared but I did
not scream and the expres angela is
stopped screaming
we had a shield our faces yeah it was
bad a nutshell Bonnie but I just love
your face should your nice red my am
having sex right if that is big on you
do it you're doing that I'll do it
little boy
little burka diamond I can't try you an
IV yeah your song so he's inspired this
whole thing good morning guys it is a
beautiful day today and guess what
Jackson guess what Calvin
mama comes home tonight are you so
excited are you so excited mister I just
woke up we have a very fun day plan and
there's a couple things that we need to
pick up at the store it's gonna be the
most excellent day ever
I have a question Jackson you know that
we're building a house right you so I
have my office and I have a question
it's a little too far-fetched to have a
mini-fridge in the office is that too
much or should I get one for the for the
office the try put water in it what else
should I put in that hmm iCup yeah
that's a good idea what else should I
put in it daddy feel it oh that's the
best idea you've ever had Jackson that's
a great idea
oh okay we got to look for something fun
okay do you think you can help me do
that you okay all right Jackson will you
hold that for me Calvin will you hold
that for me yeah we're gonna put some
water in that ooh that's gonna be fun
huh
boys I've got some good news and I've
got some bad news the bad news is we
only have half the stuff that we need to
finish the day the good news is I know
exactly where to get it
should we go on our next stop and in our
next adventure I like water balloons
that's exactly right
little sneak can we take a minute and
appreciate that cute braid Julie so cute
feels better with a little light color
in it too like years ago you did very
very subtle yeah cute really fun we've
played with the kids some of them are
done for naps some of them we're going
to sit and watch a little show well we
do Julie's and makeup she got some
goodies yesterday so we're gonna show
her what we would do and I'm really
excited here open this out of all her
goodies this is a this is our favorite
this is the tartlet palette mom has this
and I said love God to me mom I've
always loved to say my shells that's
funny said your war rock rock or a
cappella and one has the same one too ah
no no no the smaller one yep oh he's
Merc
yep and just don't go in too high yep
perfect we're just telling Julie cuz
like I'm like you put I shot it on that
and then I've done this too before as I
put a I shadow on and like all it
doesn't look good and then you but
that's only you're halfway there you see
I'll just blend it halfway so we're just
we're blending in here huh good mission
accomplished we got everything we need
boys to have an epic water adventure
slip-and-slide water balloons water
balloons
super soakers even Calvin's excited but
first boys but first we have to do
something now mommy gets home and I know
mom wants to come home to a clean house
and daddys been doing a good job
cleaning up as he goes throughout the
past few days so it's not gonna be too
difficult but we have to make sure that
we get all of our chores done the dishes
need to be done the garbage needs to be
taken out the beds need to be made we
have to do all of that
oh and the laundry has to be folded I
know you are so excited but we got to do
all of that
like fold those blankets pick up these
toys mom's gonna be here in a few hours
and we get all of that done we'll invite
uncle Joel Olivia Cody Boston and
Lincoln to come over and join us on
EPIK water adventure does that sound
good so big yeah water balloons who are
you gonna throw them at well you're
gonna throw them at the road well that's
nice yeah are you gonna go on the slip
and slide show me how a slip and slide
works what do you do a good job
are you ready buddy are you excited to
go play okay let's clean up and then
we'll go play all right boys let's do it
we had to come outside the natural light
don't you know and your bloggers you
have to have white license here I know
my house is so yellow so I am fine I
wanted to show you guys and Julie do it
my twins
everyone thinks were twins Nana only is
3 years older than yet 3 years Susan and
that's where I met Jarrod is through you
and that's why I have a special love for
you um so let's look at your makeup she
looks so good I want to look at your
eyeshadows good look at me and close
your eyes down lower lower like this can
you see that with a lot I can't see cuz
my eyes are bright anyway this is what
Julie looks like outfit of the day
target so cute it was so fun coming to
see this was fun having you I gonna miss
you I know I wanted to see you were a
little kids but another day or you have
a moment we just did I love you I love
you Bonnie showed me this picture on the
flight that she wants us to recreate and
Jackson looks just like me just like me
except the blond hair look at this
picture we were on a camping trip
there's Bonnie and Julie and then I'm on
Bonnie shoulders without the blonde hair
that's Jackson the eyes the lips the
mouth but Bonnie noticed my teeth did
not come in normal like I'm like a four
year old three four year old right there
and I did not have my side teeth well
you had your front two teeth and then it
skipped your teeth and it was the side
teeth and Calvin's he had his friend two
teeth and then his one side like gasps
kinda didn't come in in the normal order
and I just thought that was funny yeah
but that looks so much like Jackson oh
my goodness we're gonna try to recreate
that
okay boys you got your bucket here check
we've got our water balloons you ready
to blow these up you are you excited oh
he's like no I think I'm just gonna play
over here real quick I've never done
these on my own I've hung out with like
on Katie and Bonnie and Joel who've done
them but I've never done them myself so
I'm pretty anxious to see how these work
oh it's coming don't worry bud checks it
oh my goodness oh my goodness Jackson
look look at all right we've got the
water balloons all set boys but one
thing's missing a couple things are
missing we need our swimming suits on
she would go get our swimming suits and
get the slip-and-slide going yeah okay
Calvin are you so anxious to go he was
to go so bad look at him go Oh getting
nervous get nervous good nervous
okay daddy we'll go first
you
you
you
you
well we have fun playing in the water
and we found a little partner for
Jackson and then oh my goodness gracious
Oh Ellie and Jared are reunited always
right oh that's us key Kevin do you even
know your mom's right there yeah oh
that's so sweet oh that's adorable just
lovin you look at that even Cody's
loving you Wow good to see you yeah was
your fight it was so good Emma was so
good you found his turtle yep I found it
when I was putting him down for his nap
he was behind the crib underneath lodged
in the one he was pretty crazy
Wow so everyone's back in town and we
are gonna grab a bite to eat we have our
babies to bed and now it is our time to
hang out for a little bit I'm cuddling
you it's so good right now how did it be
mama didn't have you I was on mood
tonight
oh so in such a short trip but it's baby
it's good to have you know thank you
guys so much for watching have a
wonderful night bye
