are you standing on there Calvin and
Jackson Polonia whoo-hoo gotcha
that was a daddy save what did you say
what did you say good morning guys we
had an awesome night last night the boys
slept perfectly it was amazing we just
had breakfast and now we're got our
clothes all ready and we are gonna go
get ready for the day ejector Oh you
want to watch the train tractor yeah I
think we can make that happen
should we get your clothes on first
let's do it all right boys here's a
gonna do we're gonna do something that's
fun for you all right boys
are you ready now we're gonna have some
fun Chinatown there's no Chinatown here
where we live but here's what we're
gonna do boys it I think it's gonna be a
lot of fun K we've got to run the store
real quick and grab something and then
what I think we should do Jackson I
think we should go over to Grandma's
house and have lunch in our backyard how
does that sound
Oh does that sound like a fun idea yeah
and we can play in the game grandma's
backyard and play in the tree house do
you want to do that yeah so let's go do
that is that so good Oh
Kansas City is he yeah I love it last
night there was a beautiful storm I want
to like go watch it with us two tires I
just listened to watch the lightning go
to the window
but we are heading to all time to go
spoil Julie you're all walking it's like
I don't know why I just think we should
ride and we all read it on targeted
login this is so beautiful
Oh beautiful next month I have a spa day
for my mother-in-law my mom and all of
my sisters and we are doing a spa day
today Bonnie wanted for Julie and I am
like glad that I'm here and I love the
joys getting a full-blown spa day
because next month we're all gonna get
one so that means I'll be happy for you
guys when you guys yes you'll be sad
seeing us this is a wonderful area like
what is how fun I have had a few
massages in the last four years this was
by far the best where is this place
what is it called Oasis in Liberty
Missouri this was the best massage I
have ever had I felt so so relaxed we're
all getting our toes done Julie just
picked out her nail polish and now it's
my turn I always get pink I always get
bliss I'm going to try and be a little
more adventurous well this is not how I
expected our afternoon to go in the
slightest the kids were in the car for
like two hours
it's amazing that Calvin will one even
take a nap it's even more amazing that
he'll take a two-hour nap it's the most
unbelievable thing that he took a
two-hour nap in the car so we got done
driving around I didn't dare transfer
them because they were doing so good
but we're here at Grandma and Grandpa's
house I'm gonna take care of a few
things while they are out and the boys
are gonna play yeah are you gonna play
on the swing yeah are you gonna play on
the slide hi mr. Magoo are you gonna
play on the slide yeah
say yeah yeah yeah
Jackson which a look at the size of
these on Days ginormous apparently my
parents garden can grow the biggest
zucchini I have ever seen it is
absolutely huge and it grows eight ton
we have a bunch and we have some left
over so I think I'm going to go take
this over to our neighbor's house as we
go check on the house and everything
who doesn't love a little zucchini right
dad we got back with the spa
Landon just came home from work and
school to jump on with the babysitter's
Cooper today I talked to Jackson today
he was missing me and his little sweet
boys make makes me missing too much well
seen tomorrow but we are having a little
bit of fun in here well would you look
at that we've got a bathtub in here of
in our house that's so cool we just
looked at those in order then like two
days ago
oh my gosh we've got a fireplace
fireplace is in there is one thing that
needs to be changed and I think there's
a few spots this door right here is not
the door that we ordered and there's a
few more doors throughout the outside of
the house that need to be changed as
well this door right here I think has to
be changed because it's not the same one
but it could be different because all of
the outside doors are the same so I'm
wondering if the doors that we picked on
Ellie's video a few videos ago are all
the ones that we ordered and the ones
the doors going outside are these ones
they have to be like that for some
specific reason I just thought I'd sneak
over here while the kids are playing
over in our neighbor's house and I
dropped off the zucchini there so it
changes everyday and I love it look oh
my gosh that's for the shower dock
shower I love that for dinner we have
had Mexican food lunch Mexican food and
now tonight for dinner weird in my skin
and you know what it's so good I
wouldn't change it for the world
we were talking about how we us girls I
don't know if it's you charge us to
Griffis girls we kind of have a certain
language yeah we have like you talk
funny I guess we different bit wise some
of you guys have told us that some of
the words you say are I think you but
we're outside and I kept saying oh I
love being in your little yard I love
you long table and boys I keep saying
hello so many times like that's what we
say and I was telling Julie that I loved
her little knife set let me go there you
go again girl little little busy little
you know what boys you want to know
something I don't think there's enough
of laughing today I don't think that's
enough laughing today ready said things
have actually been really good with me
and the boys we've been having so much
fun playing together and taking care of
each other it's been so great oh my gosh
look at this first are you standing on
there Calvin in Jackson's Polonia just
be careful okay whoo-hoo gotcha
that was a daddy save that was a daddy
save that isn't to say that some things
haven't been difficult because they
certainly have been oh is that your
hammer
oh good can you go ham or something that
needs to be built oh good let's go see
because some things have been difficult
and so when those things happen I think
of those people who do this on a regular
basis whether your spouse is in the
military whether your single parents or
your just simple Ellie and Jared and
your wife has gone for a few days it can
be difficult and my heart goes out to
you guys the people who do this all the
time you guys are so strong and I my
thoughts and prayers are with you guys
because sometimes you need strength and
sometimes um you don't feel like you can
handle it but you can and I have to tell
that to myself I have to tell that to
Ellie there are times that things are
hard for us and we don't think we can do
it but we can I'm always a firm believer
that there is no trial that you face
that you can't overcome
don't let the trials that you go through
to find you let the trials that you
overcome define you ezg goes on my mind
every time Ellie goes away which isn't
very often I think about you guys I
think about our audience all the time
and all the different demographics that
we have because we can see the
demographics the age groups the you know
the where you guys live
and everything and right now I'm
thinking about those who are doing this
who feel alone and everything and like I
said my heart goes out to you guys our
children are wonderful I feel so blessed
to have them and I'm so grateful to have
these two little rambunctious monsters
so I'm thinking of you guys I'm grateful
for you Lila so thank you when I'm with
my kids and husband at site I'm the mom
and whatever and then when I go with my
family my sisters it takes on a little
new role because like there's the oldest
but Bonnie Julie me and then I feel like
I'm like the youngest again so I
literally like just tagging along for
the ride yeah that's how I feel and I
love that I've been like I can't again I
don't think I can appropriately show you
because of the hyena that I've talked
about and they have just hyena Julie if
you guys know what I'm talking about
Cermak was on a sitar dress anyway we're
just getting ready we're checking in our
flight and I'm sad it was a short trip
but um but it was worth it and when
again long way yeah we're gonna come out
again we're gonna read a book okay
the dope Captain America returns
The Mighty Avengers were in the Arctic
sea when they saw Namur they heard room
ins at the legendary superhero and the
king of the underwater city Atlantis had
returned and they were excited to
finally find him
Namor hadn't been seen on land in
decades at the Lannisters and ruins now
more yelled as he approached the
Avengers the humans must have destroyed
it because of that I will take my
revenge on all of you Namor said as he
leapt towards the heroes The Avengers
had a new member that day Captain
America and joined those who'd saved him
from the eyes and now her Snivy as
heroes were even mightier and the people
of the earth were even safer thanks to
Captain America and the Avengers SEBI
and me well both kids are asleep and I
feel like a million bucks that is it's
so good when both kids just Zonk out I'm
going to clean this disaster of a
kitchen and so I will call it a night
thank you guys
much for watching these videos we so
appreciate it and really quick I want to
thank all of those who have nominated us
for a shorty award in the kids and
family section it's crazy that people
even think of us when it comes to that
kind of stuff so thank you so much if
you guys are interested I'll have a link
to it down below to check it out Ellie I
love you hope you have a fun time with
your sisters and we'll see you guys
tomorrow bye
