no that's good that's really good that's
that's delicious taste in your mouth
every day so yummy
good morning and healthiest Sunday look
he was saying hi before I even said hi I
have to show you guys hi your we're
gonna go Turkey
you have your teddy bear you've been
given a piggyback ride all morning can
you do giddyup with him like a little
horsey ride can do giddyup giddyup yeah
yeah well that works thought you'd put
them on your shoulders and do it put
them on your shoulders yeah
be up giddy up get up yep yep yeah I
think it's good to be like kind of
Chemosh to a little teddy bear likes it
are we gonna bring him to church teddy
bear oh no go get him make sure he's
okay
good grief don't you know that it's
expensive to fix teddy bears legs let's
look at him is he okay okay you'd be
nice to your teddy bear link good job
that's how we treat our animals oh good
job he looks good oh that's how you kiss
me a second ago
Churchill just kiss and me look Joanne
Jackson's like
and then and then I turn around and I
see mr. bear can you see him back there
he's still buckled because we got the
car in Jackson I put him in his lap he
goes no buckle the bear has to be safe -
he's got you cuz we gave a good kiss
good I'm not gonna lie right before
church it was very hectic we were a
little mad a little impatient it's good
it was good to sit my dad taught a
lesson at church and it was really
really good
he talked about overcoming pride and
being humble and I saw that I probably
need to work on no it really it was
really good I took a lot from him and I
want to try and be better and be
teachable the thing about my dad is that
he is a teacher like he oh yeah it was
very good conveying messages I mean gosh
1314 years he taught a class called
seminary but he is just so good at
explaining things and he does it so well
and it's not passion passionate about
teaching - so I think it makes it easier
to love that cousins in the hammock who
that hammock escape ammok now before we
venture on with the delicious Sunday
dinner I have been tasked with the task
Nate and Megan my brother and sister
there little girl are flying back to New
York they may have asked Ellie to trim
their little girl's hair and so I drove
home real quick to grab all of the hair
cutting stuff we just organized the
garage so nothing is where we nothing is
where I thought it would be and I think
Ellie moved it around somewhere so I'm
grabbing that real quick oh there it is
it's just here in the back hair cutting
stuff right here no that's my unibrow
waxing stuff okay oh here it is right I
found it it's right here right got it
got it okay oh I dropped something all
right I have accomplished a task I have
been tasked with and now I'm driving
back we're gonna cut some hair eat some
ribs I seriously hate making people feel
jealous you know two times in a row
after we've been eating on the trigger
for so long but look at these delicious
ribs look at them they smell just as
good as they look too yeah oh yeah
that's we're doing that for Thanksgiving
again right yeah we're doing smoked
turkey that is seriously like the best
if you ever haven't had smoked turkey
tried this Thanksgiving you'll thank me
later
yes be from a Trager okay that's the
secret to success for a smoked turkey on
Thanksgiving okay we're also having corn
did you put sugar in no that's the
secret to success on corn you got to put
a little sugar in there right sometimes
the simplest things amaze me the most
Jackson just came running up to me and
was like daddy I want my socks off like
why do you want your socks off like it's
okay no I want my socks off so I can
climb the slide so I took off his socks
and now he can climb the slide you know
if you would just hide your shoes on you
could have done it too is it hot go down
the slide
Calvin you sure love this swing don't
you huh don't you yeah collision bonkers
can you clean the slide much better now
that your socks are off hose ain't gonna
come yeah make sure n goes first and
then you can climb up the slide okay can
you climb the slide better without your
socks on whoa careful you got to take
turns okay I just thought it was funny
days like okay that I want you to take
my socks off I need to climb the slide
it's funny how these kids figure things
out like that no Maggie I know we
haven't always seen eye-to-eye but maybe
we can peacefully say goodbye to each
other can I have a goodbye hug sweet oh
my goodness the entire time they've been
here I have been on Maggie's like nono
list like if I'm around she turns away
and just like runs runs you just don't
even like me but that was the sweetest
thing ever and on the other hand man
she's like my sidekick she's always
having fun around having fun with the
kid time
I know so here we're gonna let him sleep
a little bit
but I have a feeling you're making the
smoothie yeah it's a cup of spinach two
cups of almond two bananas three cups of
grapes
I even folder does sound really good at
the gym there's a smoothie that is a
peanut butter and jelly sandwich one
case do you remember that one no there's
a mint chocolate one and then there's a
peanut butter and jelly one it literally
tastes like you're eating a peanut
butter and jelly sandwich it's so
stinking good happen this turn okay
that's all mixed in you won't believe
this look who is still asleep
this smells like peanut butter I can
small from here oh stop it
does it smell good does it smell good
Oh Jared you guys have to make this okay
I just told you what was in them it says
to mix the milk and that's great goes to
explain open the spinach first try to
eat it
yeah you like it
you want more you have more it's
stinking good okay trust you it's like
oh mama it's really good it is good I
think what if you put like a little ice
so it was like chill there I think I
should have froze all the great yeah I
make feels like
but I called for a lot no that's good
that's really good that's that's
delicious taste in your mouth every day
so yummy you want you just shot you over
my face
man that's a little too much you got a
little overzealous there just I mean
it's so good you just want all of it at
once I don't even know if I even said
all the ingredients or just could tell
you guys in case it's a cup baby spinach
leaves mixed with two cups and almond
milk you can use whatever they'll
convince us water if you want and then
two bananas cut up three cups of grapes
and 1/4 cup of peanut butter so that's
exactly what it is if you want to make
it a home it's very good this is so good
what if you did ice cream instead of
milk that would be better tell me he is
going to town is that yummy
look whose eyes look at mama
is that good is it good do you like it
yeah Oh guys so good you are sweetheart
he's so tired he's been playing with his
cousin's all day it's been a nice Sunday
with the only thing for somebody is so
much more time for activities we've got
a good night plan too
well guys I have some good news and I
have some bad news what do you guys want
to hear first let's go with the bad news
the bad news is my dear sweet brother
Ryan and his sweet little daughter ham
and my sweet parents that's you death
they are going on an adventure tomorrow
and I won't see them anymore so Ryan
this is our last night together Friday
be sure how long until I come back I'm
gonna miss your beard so that's the bad
news is these guys are taking off early
in the morning tomorrow the good news is
we are spending our last night doing it
just right and we are gonna watch the
new Superman movie and I'm very excited
about that we've got all the necessities
we've got our Oreos we've got our kettle
corn popcorn and we got some beverages
the kids are getting ready for bed
and we're gonna have a good night so I
think that's where we're gonna end the
video today thank you guys so much for
watching we hope you had a wonderful
weekend this week is going to be awesome
just you wait and see there's a surprise
coming I can't wait in well I think it
has a great night to express oh great
say thanks for watching thanks for
watching bye
