look at that minion holy moly
look at it go give him a hug
good morning guys and happy Saturday
today we are doing lots of chores and
we're starting off by getting Jackson's
haircut how are you doing with your
haircut buddy are you doing good yeah is
mom doing a good job
oh good listening Jackson you're
starting to look so handsome yes we're
doing a lot of chores today we have a
bunch of boxes that we need to break
down look at all of these things here
and then we're also going to tidy up the
garage a little bit with moving the cars
around and everything getting the flat
tire changed we've just got some more
organization to do with all of that so
that's where we're going to do today get
some work done have some fun and then
maybe we'll hang out with the family a
little bit does that sound like a great
idea Jackson property two we haven't
been there yeah I came in here to the
play closet and Calvin look what he was
doing he was standing here drawing
that's so cool can you draw for me hey
drop yeah wow that is so good Jackson he
having a good morning but it's your
haircut ooh fancy looks good alright
both of the kids are down for a nap and
it is now time for me to grab my
handy-dandy
Oh wrong pocket my handy-dandy oh where
did it go I have it my Oh this pocket I
have a coat pocket to my hand and any
other men and we are going to break down
all of these boxes right here and are we
tossing that we're giving it back or
something like that we're gonna go give
it back this is actually the roofing
material color that we're gonna pick we
like the little 2 tone darker and a
little bit lighter and I think that'll
look really nice in the house and really
nice and in a neighborhood I think the
roofing will look good but we've got a
bunch of boxes that we're gonna unpack
and peck down oh this is a cool little
thing I actually just did an unboxing
kind of review video on my channel about
this thing you guys should go check it
out and subscribe to my channel if you
haven't
I just hope they all mine oh well I
guess they can watch that too you guys
can watch both videos right Ellie just
put out a house update about the
staircase and the banister and
everything the the staircase design so
check that out too okay
give it back
ah sure he doesn't wanna tobon can you
believe me can you people bubbles oh
that's so cool they're so cool Jax is
such a helper everywhere we go
he wants to just push Kelvin this is the
benefit of having two kids I'm having
two kids they help me be please each
other and help each other that's awesome
we came here last year it was so fun
it's Main Street where there are tons of
shops and vendors food places to eat and
so that's what we are doing we are
exploring and going through all the
shops and yes
stopping every single one of them will
stop at every single look at that minion
holy moly I think it will test your
blood pressures but it says look free
blood pressure oh look at it go give him
a hug that is so cool I've been telling
Jared for a while now I used to make a
jewelry like in high school
I haven't never done it for a really
long time and I just walked into a store
that's here on Main Street I didn't even
know is here and they do free classes on
Saturdays from 12:00 to 2:00 you just
have to pay for your supplies do you
make anything there's thought that was
really cool look look how can you all
these shops are like there are booths
all along Main Street and we just have
been walking down all of it whoa Dan
grabbing everything
and watch your toddler to hold my hand
we're going to go into another store
this next doors month with an actual toy
store a toy store
yay yay that was a really great show
thank you talking about yeah thank you
thank you can you believe that
yeah our dog is gonna have a bath right
there Jackson wash like the car mats and
wash all of that sucker no just train
right there and Jackson if you get dirty
enough we can wash you right here too if
you play in the mud too much that sound
good I think we may have missed a really
cool opportunity so yeah we walked in we
saw that they poured the cement and
we're we're just kind of crossing our
fingers that something hasn't happened
yet we're going out to look right now
oh good no but they're going to yeah
yeah they poured the foundation so
that's the foundation for the the foot
the poles for here for the patio but we
were so nervous that they were going to
pour the patio and we want to be here
for when they do it because we want to
do something special for our family to
make our mark on this house but they did
pour our patio wow that was nice yeah we
can easily fit a little swing on there
Ellie is that gonna be so much fun
Ellie did you see that did you see that
no one don't use it we found the perfect
babysitter or there was a baby cut what
are you doing out there did you climb up
out there and did daddy close the window
so it would be funny yeah come on let's
go oh my goodness were in the garage I
just shower chairs look our doors that
means they're installing those this week
look at all of these doors for the house
and this is the design that we picked
out too which I really like oh my
goodness this is gonna be the house
where our kids go on their first date
and where they break therefore his bone
and where they spill their mac and
cheese on our carpet I cannot even
believe it okay one more jump Wow okay
this is really setting in see you in a
minute the house so we finally came back
to Sam's Club to get our car and we
found out that my mom is here getting
stuff for dinner tomorrow
we're sneaking around trying to find her
and we're gonna see if we can scare her
we're going into stealth mode she can't
see us
okay those look good getting dinner
ready for tomorrow all right so we're
driving down the road and all of a
sudden boom badoom we hit these bumps
over here in the middle of the road and
Jill's like Jarrod I think you lost your
hubcap sure enough I did Ryan we lost
another hubcap was it the one off of the
flat tire it looks like it was yeah well
so we've got one in the front none in
the back because you can't contain these
back wheels no man they're just spinning
like crazy man it's like an Oreo car now
I've got the cream filling right here
and these are the cookies whatever dumb
hubcaps hi hi guys you having fun oh my
goodness Oh were you guys playing the
big bag toss
Ellie you want the good news or the bad
news I never know but well you got to
tell me which one you want you want the
bad news first
are you ready for this are you sitting
down we lost another hubcap here driving
down the road and we're dropping Ryan
off at these bugs and we're bumping him
and Jill's like Jared I think you lost
another hubcap with that so we pulled
around and we were looking for and we
found the hubcap but we couldn't find
the wire that keeps it in place we had a
lot of fun that's fine there we go again
they've been fighting for this car
Calvin give you your worst discipline
lesson now that is not nice oh you're
trying to have no he's already
manipulating David like legitimately
fighting over this car it's just so new
to me
Jackson was never this rate of toys no
okay
ah dent it's time for bed I just got the
kids to bed and I could not find Jared
for the life of me he didn't answer his
phone calls I come outside and there's a
huge firefighter truck out here and he
was talking to them I was a little
worried at first but your little story
was so cute he came out here because uh
the firefighters were out here and they
were they were responding to a call down
the road from us Jared had recognized a
few of the guys and the truck when we
filmed the geekify guy we had EMT on
scene just to make sure we were safe and
everything and I recognized I was like
hey how's it going we got to talking and
the driver said hey I met you at the
breakfast with my family and my daughter
my daughter watches your videos and I
said oh my gosh how are you and she just
he said my daughter could not get over
how excited she was to meet you guys I
said that was better so sweet and I said
hold on a second teacher I ran upstairs
I grabbed one of our t-shirts I said
give this to her I hope she likes it
it's work yeah we're running out of them
so I hope this size is okay it's
probably a little big but and then he
said when they got home from the
breakfast that the daughter had showed
him our videos and he said he watched a
few and he was just like thank you for
being such a good role model please keep
it up and it really did make us feel
good especially coming from I mean from
a parent it's like coming from parents
who want the best for their kids having
them say something like that to us like
is very wide to keep it up and want to
be good like and stay good and
everything so thank you very well
they're just a sweet family and thank
you so much but that was just a fun
little experience and it was just sweet
and made me feel good but I think we'll
end the vlog thank you guys so much for
watching I will see you guys tomorrow
bye
