and the screws Jackson's looking out the
window hey you're supposed to be
sleeping young man what do you do it
whoa did you hear that
Wow it was loud okay I gotta get you
some I just made a apple pie smoothie so
I'm excited to try this okay that okay
step one
I even got Calvin a little one I'll get
Joe a little sit no what flavor is this
one this is like apple pie I think oh
you won't let me let go of it galvan get
mommy like to drink do you like it No
yeah what's this I make nothing tasted
yeah did Jackson take a tip I want see
if you like it you like it
yeah I like it
good morning guys we are going on a
family walk by the river and we brought
Jackson's little bike and this is a
little hill and he's about to go down a
are you ready sir you brave okay go down
the hill whoa gone off roading let's go
ha ha ha that's close enough
good job buddy high-five you did great
you're doing great bud don't go in the
bushes Nate you're doing it you're doing
so good oh look at me that's okay you'll
do it next time
Oh Jackson do you want to show them how
it's done
yeah good hang time Wow look at what we
stumbled upon this is cool
like a little wading pool little turning
Eddie or something like that beautiful
out here
how come we've only been out here like
once Ellie that's fun
check some look at the Ducks do you see
them you want to touch them well we can
try
or we can least get close to say hello
oh darn it they went away sorry buddy
you thinking about it there you're not
even close and thanks mom thanks for
ruining it for me to make matters worse
I stepped in dog poop that's me right
there what I stepped in okay you touched
it
yeah I did it he did it without even
jumping during our walk Jackson has
perfected his bike riding skills and is
seriously so cute so he's gonna go down
this hill one more time he just went
down all the way down and did so good
huh he doesn't want you to hold on baby
he went all the way down the first time
so cute
did you have fun you ate some rocks you
saw some ducks you put some dirt in your
nose and you figured out how to ride
your bike better high-five buddy
so after our walk we made it over to the
Creperie for breakfast lima a little
tuckered out on the walk he was just
must have been walking so much he is
zom all that walking today
isn't that justice
well it's not a good trip to Grandma and
Grandpa's house without doing a little
bit of yard work on dad
that's right growing up every time we'd
travel to Grandma grandpa's my mom and
my mom's parents house we would always
do yard work for the entire week we were
there and it was fun a little bit but
now Bonnie and Joel we're doing their
backyard their patio and everything and
they weren't using these so my mom was
like hey we'll take them and we'll line
them up here so Joel and I brought them
over here a couple weeks ago and now
we're fitting them to the lawn
already looking pretty pretty good Ryan
with a good solid touch here is putting
them in good position thing looks pretty
nice already all right if we're all done
with our chores and we came to the jump
zone yeah we're jumping around
we're playing dodgeball hello I don't
have a ball no no I'm not all ready
and I can do
if I just believe
there's nothing too
I believe I can't I
we're going to see if we can climb this
rope all the way to the top with no feet
Oh about half way all right and here
comes the reigning champ
well we certainly worked up a really big
appetite at the trampoline park and dad
put some burgers on the trigger and they
were delicious I'm pretty sure that I'm
not it's not funky other good unless
it's on the trigger
yeah the trick kind of makes all other
foods feel inferior yes buddy
what is on your mouth you ate all your
foods you got a cookie you got to eat
frosting look at that is the frosting
good Jackson are you gonna eat the
actual cookie he's saving it for you
yeah okay okay I just want to point it
out to you Jared the thing is dad needs
to feel that dad needs to feel that
because that's kind of just how is he
needs to have the praise he already mom
did for the month thank you dad and mom
for the delicious meal today especially
mom sorry dad we mom what did I say at
the very beginning of this whenever you
go to Grandma and Grandpa's house
there's always yard work to do or
something like that
we had one simple task of bringing all
of these bricks from one side of the
fella
DR to the other and it turned into the
longest project ever with this window
well this little window well was not
attached to the wall and the screws
Jackson's looking out the window hey
you're supposed to be sleeping young man
what do you doing you want mommy okay
cutie and the screws that were in the
wall were completely rusted and we
couldn't even take him out of the wall
without a bunch of PB blaster and
waiting a few hours so we finally got
them out broke the heads off call Joel
got his cement driller or concrete
driller and set it in there filled the
dirt back in been a long day but we
finally got it done it's been good huh
it's always nice to get
than done off your belt just dead how
many what are you doing Kate Jackson
mommy said get in bed so let's go get in
bed okay daddy will come lay you down
okay things he's at grandma's house he
can get away with anything so we got the
kids down to bed at Grandma grab this
house and actually wasn't too terrible
it's only what a 9:30 I don't know yeah
nine o'clock and mom and I are looking
at washer and dryers and tile and
everything else and she was telling me
the other day about this washing machine
that has like a tiny little pedestal
that you can pull out on like wash kids
shirts or like a very very small load I
thought that was really kind of cool so
if any of you have a washing machine
that does that and you like it let me
know or if you have a certain washer
that you like let me know because we're
probably gonna be getting bigger
washing machines for the house so that
looks really cool hey guys so before we
end the vlog today I wanted to talk
about something that's been on my mind
for I don't know a couple months now
even there's been so many things that
have been happening lately especially
within the last month or so I feel like
the world is in crisis like we're having
a hard time as human beings it's hard to
see and I've been thinking about it a
lot and I haven't said a lot on the vlog
and I haven't said a lot on Twitter or
social media because sometimes I just
don't even know what to say and
sometimes I want to think and process
and everything before I even do say
anything we don't talk a lot about this
kind of stuff on the vlog because it is
a vlog about our family about trying to
be positive and happy and just us living
life and everything but I feel like now
more than ever it's necessary to say
something about these things and just
with everything that has happened I mean
Orlando the shootings yesterday in
Dallas the shootings the day before that
all of the stuff that is happening
around the world I feel like we've we've
lost our hearts we've lost our unity as
humans if I have anything to say about
this is we need to be more unified as
human beings we need to love one another
we need to care for each other and smile
at people and just try and be
have your people unite as human beings I
don't know sometimes I feel like I
ramble on a little bit but I think the
main takeaway is at all costs we just
need to love each other and love one
another no matter what that's I think
that's the biggest thing is just love
your neighbor love one another love one
another love each other more and talk to
each other and talk to your neighbors
and talk to those around you but more
importantly listen to what other people
have to say and listen to your neighbors
and just have a conversation going
worldwide I think that would just be
helpful in all of this those are just my
thoughts
each day we everyone in the world where
things can get a little bit better every
day and I've said that before do what
you can to make yourself a little bit
better every day and I think if we do
that things will be great with that I'm
going to go ahead and end the vlog thank
you guys so much for watching we hope
you have a wonderful weekend and we'll
see you tomorrow bye
