Jackson loves if it kelvins like no
thank you he's like kill me now
good morning guys we are in a car full
of awesome people and we are going to
have an awesome time today we are on our
way to go fishing we got up bright and
early and I got a bit like 430 ones I do
wake up right I woke up at 505 not as
early as I didn't know I went texted me
this morning at 4:55 well the reason was
we were supposed to take our car fishing
but we had a flat tire so you yeah we as
in sorry we as in me and Ellie we had a
flat tire our car and a flat tire my car
had a flat tire but Nate has come to the
rescue and we're using his car and we
are gonna go fly-fishing so I'm very
excited about this it's gonna be a great
day it's a beautiful day not too hot I
hope the water is just right because I
want to catch at least I won't I really
hope I catch at least one fish just one
just one big one yeah if I catch one
fish I'll be happy well I think we made
it to the place this river right here
what river is this the weber river is
where we're going to be fishing today
excited let's gear up
all right we are all set and all geared
up ready to go hit the river dad what
are you expecting for today I'm
expecting lots of tangles lots of back
cast caught in the brush yep lhasa flies
so apparently we're not going to be
fishing we're going to be fixing all of
our issues and let's go do it an
occasional fish
rabbit
can you give your bear food snack you
give you our bear fruit snack and stuff
so the boys go and fish it for their
lunch and we decided to go buy our lunch
and we got a cafe real for everybody and
look how cute all three of you cousins
Maggie Jackson and they are all eating
their lunch is it good do you like it
yeah okay will you guys eat eat up
well we finally made it back
Oh from fishing and have a lot more
tired than I thought Oh dad tell me how
it went
how did you do I did wonderful because I
got to hang out with my sons but fishing
wise not so much I don't think anyone
did really really that great dad caught
zero I caught one Nick huh I'm gonna say
- he says one one kind of like got away
and Ryan caught three Ryan was the
champion today of fishing we're all done
here fishing and now Justin you got your
backpack on and what are we gonna go do
- yeah we're gonna go get doctors that's
right we are gonna go fix the flat on
the car and go get some diapers let's go
okay all right mister flat tire - you
versus me and I'm telling you you are
going down let's change his bad-boy
I'm kind of upset because these are
still really new tires but I think we
have some sort of warranty we can just
switch them out or something like that
Ellie's already at Sam's Club right now
getting the diapers I'm gonna change
this and meet her there okay now I can
drive it let's go all right I'm here
let's see if we can find a leak it's
scary knowing that I just thought that
she's probably gonna see me first but I
think is trying lighter
Boogedy Boogedy did I scare you boys
yeah you were cooking with kids I can
tell your mouth is like you're like
trying to not move your lips because it
hurts so bad
do see me yeah yeah that looks great
oh is that stuff good in there good well
I think I need a kiss and I think I need
a kiss from you oh did you see that
Jackson loves if I Kevin's like no thank
you
he's like who kill me now brotherly love
right there
now we're all packed up and we're all
ready to go but Jackson was very
insistent that Ellie that he would he
wanted the teddy bear to have the
seatbelt on
Jackson's we got the teddy bear buckle
up are you ready now okay let's go that
was so funny he's been just taking care
of that bear all day a little bear that
she's been taking her out so he found
his bear home that he's never touched in
his life it has made that his friend
today it's cute we were just getting
ready for bed and I have a special
little story to read Jackson and theme
of his little bear adventure today
so can you stand up and hold your bear
and do the little dance for me okay are
you ready for how does it go teddy bear
teddy bear touch your nose teddy bear
teddy bear touch your toes teddy bear
teddy bear turn around teddy bear teddy
bear touch the ground teddy bear teddy
bear go up the stairs
Tony bear teddy bear say your prayers
teddy bear teddy bear turn off the light
teddy bear teddy bear say good night o
night good night
oh you ain't I I'll read it again yeah
yep we got this booked this book today I
know I'm gonna sit with you in bed and
we're gonna read it alright guys that is
going to be it from us tonight thank you
so much for watching we hope you have a
wonderful day be sure to put a smile on
your face and we will see you guys
tomorrow
thanks for watching
