that moonwalk that
good morning guys today we were doing
something a little bit different thin
pancakes still the same but we are
eating outside when we were in Florida
Misti and Katie and I are talking and
we're like why is it so fun sometimes in
Iran vacation and we were eating
breakfast outside and I thought why
don't I ever do that at home and kind of
change it up you kids love it what do
you need more syrup of course you do I
just thought it'd be fun to eat outside
cuz it is more like it feels perfect
outside so it feels good and look how
just how cute I know I just see this
setup Calvin you like your pancake he's
devouring them Calvin can I have some
he's like girl you stay away from my
pancakes okay so good thanks for sharing
do you like yours yeah you got mine like
yours
no well I stand corrected
I guess you are just so smart now I was
like Oh Calvin don't first the table
because he was kind of pushed in it yes
you were and no just like that don't
push the table and Jackson says no bench
it's a bench huh oh so smart so smart
you're so smart do you are don't go oh
you want more you want more pancakes I
think I have a little left look look I
have a little bite left um mmm
we're in grandpa's office and grandpa
said Calvin really feels the music and I
said well I don't know let's see come
here stand right here oh oh he's doing
it dan dan dan can you dance
dance Wow ladies and gentlemen boys and
girls we have the entire movie theater
to ourselves we're here to see finding
door are you excited you're ready
Jackson you got your popcorn fighting
Dori hurt
I want to ask Jackson how door he was
playing to watch and you had popcorn did
you like it it all gone and I think you
need to give it big extra big thank you
to Daddy
what do you say to Daddy for taking you
that's pretty lucky not all adults let
alone kids gotta go to the same movie
twice and get popcorn twice well we say
please we had a good reason we have some
family more family and chatting cousins
and we've had a really fun time going to
movies Calvin lasted about a little over
halfway and then I took him out on me
crawled around everywhere he did good
for I mean it's not that he was making
noise he's just wanting to crawl yeah
he's definitely mobile he's been walking
around and I'm so much I would
officially say Calvin's walking yep oh
that mean we need to have a new dad I'll
just help you down it's it's a long way
just let me help you down okay oh I'll
carry you I'm strong enough that I can
tear I just did it to mom okay are you
sure I'm at least let me hold your hand
I'll be fine
okay well when you sprain an ankle don't
come blaming me all righty well we are
here at the house I thought to give a
quick little update there hasn't been
much changes visually but you can see
there's a lot of stuff happening if you
look up here you can see that they've
actually installed a bunch of can light
the electrician has been here a lot
doing some cool stuff outlets lights and
the plumbers have been here too
you can see is like through this wall
here we've got some plumbing going in
for the toilets in the bathroom so lots
of like a little intricate things are
happening paneling that kind of stuff is
going on
and I more plumbing stuff over here for
the bathrooms you can see like that the
cold water hot water stuff coming in
it's coming along really nice I'm very
excited the thing that's going on right
now is all the stuff is happening on the
inside of the house siding is going to
be I think next week lots of small
changes happening on the inside so not
as cool as like the framing where you
see like build from the very beginning
it's pretty cool but that's a little
update it's it's the window push the
window oh you got to turn on the car the
window the window button hey Ellie
yeah do you mind if mean the guys go to
Sportsman's Warehouse is that okay yes
yes have you done help you I will
we're planning on going fishing tomorrow
so we might do something like that
how's that can you anywhere what where
is it oh where is it uh-huh where is it
Oh Isaac crap I love you have fun yeah
is it really baby sweet sweet nice love
you yeah you got to make sure you can
bend those knees
moonwalk Hanuman walk
that's my luck that
like that so honestly don't what do you
think
should I go for a smaller side okay no I
if you'd if you get smaller it'll be so
tight in the legs yeah remember you're
going to clerk now but some days you're
gonna want to win one yeah
now try your boots on with those waders
yes all right jump through your arms
what come through yard can you do it I
don't know
all right
you look stunning
after spending some significant time at
Sportsman's Warehouse we got some new
flies for a fishing trip tomorrow and
I'm very excited it's been a long time
since I've gone fly-fishing it's gonna
be a lot of fun too because my brother
Nate and my brother Ryan and my dad are
going and I don't know what ton about
fly-fishing but my dad is like a huge
fly-fishing fanatic so this is gonna be
great it's gonna be some good father-son
bonding time I've got the GoPro all set
I've got Mike you're all set
it's gonna be good the airplanes flying
really love okay so that's it I'm
excited we've got to wake up like at
5:00 in the morning to go because we're
gonna go bright and early so every night
we have the same routine and a lot of
times Jackson takes naps in our bed and
he goes down really well but at
nighttime a lot of times he'll say sleep
in mommy's bed and I say no that's for
not time to sleep in your bed and he's
always really good and tonight he asked
again he goes lay in mommy's bed movie
because a long time ago he had watched
that movie in bed and sometimes the acid
tonight I think maybe a lot of moms
could relate I was just having a really
hard time getting both kids like both
kids bathed both kids dressed Calvin was
really really tired and so I was like if
you eat all your dinner and you're
really good I'll let you do it and so he
ate all of his dinner and he was really
good so I put him in my bed with a
laptop on a little TV tray and he like
laid in my bed while like it took me
quite a while to get Calvin to bed so
really grateful for that I thought I was
cute that he asked and I hardly ever do
it so I was like yes we'll do that
Bonnie came over tonight I was gonna
like read my head and I was like she's
serious talking on just everything all
dainty Oh Bonnie Bonnie brought us some
dinner and we're gonna watch The
Bachelor so both kids are asleep that's
their time I don't get work done to go
to bed because I've gotta wake up at the
book after dawn okay well you thank you
yeah thank you for putting the kids to
bed while I was having fun at
Sportsman's Warehouse
Oh change of plans
Bachelorette was a rerun so that means
Bonnie gets to we gonna introduce her to
the second season of the flaw and better
be good poets it's really cisco here's
the thing Jared just said Jackson's
still wink I I have a mixed relationship
with the flash some parts are like
really really cheesy but some parts are
just so stinking good no my someone
tweeted me and said who's your favorite
character I think Cisco's that way yeah
make together I think you'll really like
it
my god okay but seriously I'm gonna end
the vlog right now because we have to
watch the flash and we may or may not
watch at least three episodes tonight so
I hope you're okay staying late there's
a big ol party well we're not gonna
party write us and watch the flash I
needed at least parts aren't the worst
aren't they all right she her part to
the best no they're there they smell
like I guess it grew it's like it was I
guess it depends on the scale that
you're asking it about brownie is okay
thank you guys so much for watching
tomorrow's gonna be a lot of fun so stay
tuned for that we will see you guys
tomorrow thanks for watching have a
wonderful day bye
Matan stinky
