three two
our plans have changed dramatically
today it went from Jarrett's supposed to
be going to pick out step to go fishing
with his brother and dad to three
contractors are waiting on us and
literally got like three phone calls
today and we're like crap clip crap
we've got to go do this thing so change
your plans play later the house is the
priority right now so we have to go pick
up some tubs we have the rock guy to
talk to again it's like you talk to
people ten times and then the tenth time
you'll finally order it yeah so we've
got lots to do we do but first there's
one more important thing I have to eat
breakfast where does grandma doin hey
higher she making the swing higher for
you hi Ann how are you hey great are you
guys gonna have a little cousin playdate
while we go get house stuff hey okay
good you have fun okay I'm so glad that
we've done our day the way we have done
it do the hard stuff first have lunch
and then go do the fun stuff the fun
stuff is laying in tubs and picking out
on the mantle for the fireplace the hard
stuff the stuff that's been the most
stressful is what we just did we just
finished talking to the the rock guy and
the people that are going to be doing
our siding so we just figured out
exactly where everything is laid out and
we just solidified like everything I
feel like we've solidified it like three
times but I'd rather triple check
everything before they get to the house
and they're like oh I thought you said
this so we're like triple checking
everyone how a lot of these that people
have been working in and how it's been
going for us is we go we pick it out and
then before the Builder or before
the people order it we go back in to
like sign and say yes this is what I
want in case anything has changed there
we go let's go have lunch and then we'll
go to the fun stuff can you guys tell a
difference with my teeth look this is
yellow like not way yellow but dingy
yellow word I went to the dentist today
again and they put little dots on my
teeth let's draw a great day I'm afraid
that would drive me crazy the mouse is
feeling it oh yeah that's annoying I
feel like my teeth are dirty there and I
know what we want to do now whenever we
get now
/ are you watching anyone watching the
flash no we're even talking about people
could be just laughed so hard we just
finished the first season we love it
love it I ridiculous my son I thought of
you as my son
I never thought there could be so many
different possibilities of handles round
ones and square ones and shiny ones and
weird-looking ones but when I walked in
here I was like oh that's the one but
then it wasn't this is the first one
that I saw and I was like this is that
this is the one I really really like
it's very nice and sleek and smooth and
rounded but then we held it up to the
like what our cabinets are going to look
like and they're going to be very
similar to this and then we ultimately
decided that these ones would look a
little bit better not as thick it's a
little shinier but it's just I think it
feels good so we've got a few different
sizes here are you happy with that
decision yeah okay Ally
what are your wishes and dreams for a
bathtub what do you want I'll know I
love baths yes and our bathroom we are
going to have a soaker tub and the rest
of the bathrooms probably just just
regular tub there are so many times here
look at all these Calvin is just as
excited to pick out tubs is I am well
what do you think of this one he has
most been in our first apartment our
first apartment I was like this big
compared to this one I could feel like I
can relax in this we've looked at how
many tubs like there's like four or five
over there we keep coming back to this
one I like it very much
now this one the faucet comes out of the
wall right all right or out of the floor
and then this is the overflow and the
drains right there which is nice because
sometimes
the thing is rain on the edge some
people can't really write I can I can
put my head here wherever or here or
here in the faucet yeah I think the
faucet should definitely go right there
the showerhead is probably the most
important thing to me in the bathroom
well that in the toilet what your shower
do you want to I have to look at you
some more you sticky guy mmm thank you
bigger is not better because it's a
bigger you go with Alaska sure gonna get
Oh so do we want rainfall or do we want
power and I said yes oh well this is a
large surface area not a lot of power
okay it's good to know you like I found
the most perfect tub that we're gonna
buy are you ready for the kids
oh why these spiders laughs ah that's
where you find spiders all the time is
in the tub seriously gross it's not this
is not this this is for the kids don't
get Calvin in there so this is a 16 and
a half come here son
Oh does this feel like a good sized tub
yes if you like it clap your hands
let's kill ki blow bubbles I lived in
Finland for a while and the thing that
they used in there they had they had a
date so I want at least one toilet with
a bidet is that weird do people ask for
I had no idea he was just oh my gosh did
you just see that all there it is again
they know when you go to the bathroom
Ali their scent they sense you and so I
open it up well it opens up because it's
magic mm-hmm and I sit down hmm
and how do I control a remote a dryer ha
ha ha
they have an oscillating spray on this
that's oh my gosh that might be too much
no just kidding
oh no Ellie not old people this is this
is for hygiene everyone should be
right so here's a question that I like
to ask people who don't believe in
bidets when you wipe the kids bump do
use toilet paper or to use like a wet
wipe use a wet wipe so why are you
wiping your bum with a dry piece of
paper thank you
you should be doing it with like
something wet you know if you got poop
on your arm would you so a dry would you
use a paper towel or did you use some
sort of wet stuff right right Calvin see
he knows he doesn't want poop on his
hands okay onto over the stick toilets
normal toilets we are playing musical
chairs now seeing which ones are more
comfy which would you like not the one
you're sitting at yeah that one hurts my
bum yeah I would say this one's a most
comfortable these ones are very similar
you want try when they have come so far
since when my mom and your parents have
had nology has just changed her mat
instead of the toilet paper being the
sprain d always lose its loose look em
got stripped Willett paper holder so
cool you gotta be kidding me
why don't we think of this 20 years ago
amazing Calvin does not get kisses he
gives hugs not kisses the waitress in
Delhi times oh he doesn't want to give
this money kisses oh good luck
gimme kiss there yeah there we go okay I
think we officially found it is this the
dis overtime this is the one the one
that we get a soak in when the kids go
to bed
give me looks good all and I'll see ya
in an hour okay I'm gonna be honest I
don't think I've ever used cruise
control but Gerry just went 20 miles
touch the gas or the brakes because it's
like five o'clock there's lots of
traffic
I came to three complete stops on the
freeway and accelerated again without
touching the gas or the brake because of
the adaptive cruise control how cool is
that I was like are you serious I feel
like I'm driving the future like I
really do I did I take sense watching
flash everything I mind has been like
it's the future
oh it's 5:30 once we get home and get
the kids fed into bed we are going to
film some videos hi Jackson did you have
fun today
you went to the park with Grandma this
is what we pulled out the kids is a car
seat box this ax is not a car seat box
Ellie this is the time machine cuz we're
going back in time ah Peter said to get
an entire machinery alright boys where
we could go hey Shula you want to go
slow I'll show you slow boys three two
three two whoa whoa
how is that ride without straight to mom
or dummy scary Street to mama was have
fun always going back you want some oh
yeah I can I change Calvin with you on
me oh not to die Jackson not no tight
that Calvin isn't growing everywhere you
know that you spoke that he's gonna
start doing it knock on wood
are you guys having fun you're all clean
I wasn't talking to you mama I'm talking
to these boys Jackson you look like
you're having a great time the kids are
all washed and clean and we're getting
ready to put them to bed checks are you
ready to go to bed oh you want to lay
down a Mama's bed open well if you say
like that I think we might have to make
that happen for about three seconds and
then I'm gonna read you a full
continuous Sun make you go home so we're
gonna call it a night thank you guys so
much for watching Jackson can you say
goodbye to our friends you're bright
have a wonderful day and we'll see you
tomorrow bye baby mom are we gonna give
a kid mom
