guys you know how I told you that I
didn't feel very well I pooped my pants
happy first fourth of July Calvin it
says first next year you're gonna be a
one-year-old you know you might be
running around
good morning guys and happy fourth of
July I have to show you guys for the
first time we really did Calvin Tarr can
you see a lot of ways did it can you see
all those little waves you wouldn't
think that he would meet his first
haircut but soon I'm gonna give him this
first haircut it won't really be like a
cut cut just a trim I'll just take my
comb and see like the little stray long
hairs on top it'll just make his hair
curl a little better and fix a little
better it's just all those real long
long ago doodads we'll just trim just a
teeny tiny bit I'll make it look a
little fuller actually as well good
morning happy fourth of July is anyone
gonna put their pants today yeah I hope
I don't Jared oh I think he's still
working on the vlog so before we begin
today's awesome festivities there's
something that I need to pick up for
Ellie something very specific but I
think she will need today hi could you
tell me where your
we're on aisle three thank you for for
three or four three or two or three okay
okay let's see
got it here I got these for you just in
case le you never know what's gonna
happen that was so cool
that is gonna go so good you're gonna
it's gonna that's 18 pair we'll make
sure to put ten in an emergency kit and
I'll use the rest well you just never
know how the holidays gonna treat you so
I thought we should be prepared when we
start the day let's go eat lunch pick
perfect okay so I think now that we have
the essentials dr. pepper and appends we
can get on with the fourth of June I
think that's a great idea
we're at Boeing emily's for lunch and we
have the kids and Jared just broke out
the toy and Chad
Chad's taken it for a ride yeah not that
great vines but Bo and Kevin are making
some lunch you've got potatoes in here
what's in that one let's find out the
big racer Oney
just kidding it's
before we moved on to our next
destination we had to stop somewhere
very in particular because we had to
pick up something and it's not depends
don't worry Ellie we've already got that
covered for you we actually went and
bought some fireworks and a bunch of
these little poppers these little
poppers for Jackson because he loves
those but we're also gonna launch
fireworks and this is the first time
that I've ever bought fireworks because
growing up in Washington they were
always illegal they wouldn't let us buy
like the Larios and stuff so we've got a
good mix of some good stuff for the kids
and good stuff for us so I'm very
excited about launching fireworks of my
own tonight it's gonna be fun are you
excited to launch fireworks Ellie it's
gonna be great
the fourth of July is all about family
we are at Nicky's thank you for hosting
this we went to lunch with my brother
where I am Vicki is look at her like a
fun set up with all the trees the shade
and the kids are seriously having lots
like this is very heaven because they
just play play play
is this her Playhouse you want to build
a house come on okay husband are you got
Jackson
knock-knock-knock not there Jackson and
OOP there we go and Calvin are you okay
t-shirt to her a little bit yeah this is
seriously so fun
so 504th it's not made that rely the
fourth be with you yeah buddy you dance
good job keep dancing yeah
and you'd be careful with those okay I
don't want you to throw them at my feet
because oh my gosh Jackson holy cow you
help my gosh and well Jeepers Creepers
lemon squeezers what do you guys want to
see this watch this oh here we go
okay ready watch this ready I just
popped it right in my fingers
whoa okay ready that was anti-climatic
yeah I'm just in here just having a good
time chilling in the summer heat it
sounds quite nice today it's not too hot
not too cold it's just white so I guess
you could say it's been a pretty good
day we spent some time with family now
I'm just kind of relaxing they got might
grab some food here in a second so I
could just get out of this chair that'd
be great trying to figure out how to do
this I got in but I just don't know how
to get out oh maybe my mom can help me I
think I see her I'm guys see my mom I'm
looking at it right now is she gonna
make our contact back with me is that
what's going on mom are you gonna make
all in contact with me come on come on
mom I'm gonna make eye contact with me
you're gonna make good with me Mom
and to the dinner goes the spoils is
that how it goes something like that the
dinner the winner the winner well I
think we're all winners tonight this is
amazing dinner
well we are not anything the other thing
well a total bummer we're driving home
and the kids were way more tired than we
wanted them to be gosh darn it
so we're not gonna launch fireworks
tonight but here in Utah they have a
little extra celebration on Pioneer Day
which is just in a couple weeks so we
might save those fireworks so the oil
that we will and I'm excited cuz I want
to launch them and I want Jackson to see
them so what we're going to do is we're
gonna close our eyes and we're going to
imagine the fireworks because I can hear
some outside so our neighbors are
launching some right now
but we hope all of you guys in the
United States and those who celebrate
have a wonderful fourth of July happy
Independence Day Jared and I are going
to watch probably three episodes of the
flash something like that we all call it
a night
so thank you for watching bye
