or take it for a ride Oh ha
good morning guys happy Sunday we have a
climber who remembers when Jackson
client in that exact spot Jackson did
you know that you used to climb and that
spot oh good gracious
goodness gracious I think someone's
gonna start crying in just one second oh
you don't know how to get out I'll help
you I'll help you OOP OOP OOP OOP OOP
there you go there you go oh wow look at
you look at you guys you look so big in
there so the cool cubby yeah oh sweet
he's asking for your ready to do it
George are you yeah okay okay your turn
buddy
we think that towels over your mister
let's girls clothes on then I'll do it
again okay I like it y'all stinker
hold on tight and I'll feel it grab on
Jackson it's gonna be a bumpy ride
Calvin's leg all by yourself on the bed
what's Calvin do wait see here's the
action he's got a chick he's like I want
to ride
here Jesse Capen came here like a puppy
you know what I've been noticing that
Calvin wants to walk wherever he goes so
he gets up and he stands up and he
starts walking good Montgomery young man
good job just pushed it in the back you
say that so I want to here for dinner
but I made dinner I have at this recipe
on my channel that I made for dinner
it's one of my favorite meals it is so
yummy Jared said that Calvin and Jackson
devoured it I haven't got a thing
because comb Oh 629 on Twitter today
said can you do more What's in LA belly
please because I'm still living on the
salad until the next recipes pub that's
why I have a list I'm Kai Andrey I try
to film a video today it didn't work out
on your phone some this week health
updates but anyway I'm just getting
ready to make dinner I thought that was
really cute of your dad see it's one of
my favorite meals too because it is
really good and it's cheap it's just
chicken rice and then broccoli in
whatever vegetables you have a vegetable
so it's it's a lot of good stuff and
it's cheap so I like it look oh you were
standing with it you were standing with
your horse your lover your ticket for a
ride Oh Oh or hug it no um before the
kids go to bed we have about an hour and
it's like what do we do on a Sunday
night before the kids go to bed look it
go write it go boo boo boo boo boo see
this way it's actually a broom I come
here at some Nimbus 2000 love's like
snuggle in it we have about an hour
before the kids go to bed and I was like
we gotta get some energy out we gotta
think of some to do so we are going to
play just
but just tap and we're gonna see I don't
know the kids will either player maybe
they'll join in the dance
jared is all set up good to go yeah get
in you're getting your goldfish shot
guilty pleasures coli fruit snacks
Oh cover the goldfish mr. Miyagi nope
got it I'm gonna miss ah I had it before
anyone with a console knows this whoa if
you haven't played in a while or yeah
unplugged the worst thing that happens
is you're stuck waiting for updates ah
updates are like the worst thing ever
because they take forever
what'd you do did you bump your head oh
okay shoot it oh so close I was almost a
slam dunk so we're just waiting for the
Xbox to update but I think PlayStation
users have it the worst if I remember on
the PlayStation 3 I think almost every
time I tried to play after work like
after a long week at work I just wanted
to come home and play the PlayStation I
had to wait for like two hours worth of
update Google Fiber when are you coming
my way all right guys you got your
dancing shoes on yes I can
you got your dancing shoes on Jackson
Kelvin you got your dancing shoes on
we're about to dance ladies and
gentlemen get your dancing shoes on it's
about time to like just dance I don't
know before the fourth of July cuz I'm
dancing does that make sense your might
poop your pants cuz you're dancing on
the fourth of July get those feet moving
sister girl okay let's play yeah come on
Kevin dance dancing
Oh can you put in the best loop oh
you're so close Hey
Hey hey boys ready to dance oh my god
yeah
you're better than I am
let's just do the song no you see I tell
you you are so much better for me to
 this routine we need more space
awesome good we can't just turn off the
gas dance I think that was the highest
score I would have ever had in my whole
entire life that was naughty naughty no
bubbles no gonna lose another ring
he'll do another kick ow my eyes are on
you baby
come on day/night start learning me like
really get another perform come
one okay I work on Karla I like this but
it's like not back that is why we do and
the kids are asleep when the kids go to
sleep Jackson wait I get it he's just
jealous of her dance moves I can't
handle the dance moves can you show them
up buddy if I knew yep
Calvin can you dance for us yeah well
that's our sundae for you guys just kind
of hanging out and spending time with
family going to church the kids taking
naps because Calvin took a three hour
nap supposedly well yeah it was a really
great day do you guys remember my cousin
amber and her husband Chris well they
actually just bless their baby
today and that was really fun to go to
so it's just been a really great day we
ended with some energy removal we got
the energy out of the kids we got the
energy out of us and we figured out that
we need to practice our dance moves
we're going to do that number before for
you guys and maybe Ashley can help us
out with out a little bit here so guys
tomorrow is the 4th of July so Ellie
you've got to be somewhere not okay
don't poop you can keep that in your
mind okay you guys are okay to poop your
pants as long as you have diapers but
Ellie you've got to be careful for that
if you guys haven't seen that one I'll
be sure have it linked below it is
probably one of the most well I don't
know it wasn't really you you weren't
feeling good at all I was a interesting
day yeah but happy 4th of July to those
who are in the states celebrating it we
hope you have a wonderful day with
family and friends and we will see you
guys tomorrow thanks for watching guys
Oh
