whoever friend does all it gets to keep
all the money in it you have got to be
kidding me
the main thing that we came to buy we
lost we lost all the baby clothes that
we just bought are you dancing like no
one's watching time to wake up doesn't
that remind you of the scene in Liar
Liar I don't know the one with Jim
Carrey where he does the whole bad thing
that we did at the hotel hey I'm talking
to you both I'm trying to talk to you
about did you buy me some did we go take
Jackson to school and get Jamba Juice
for mommy yeah because it's so delicious
yeah
love's make mommy feel better is it
today you're 17 weeks holy cow yeah
should we go buy a baby brother right
now
well this be his first outfit we buy for
him Oh that'll be fun the moment I got
home from getting Jackson from school
he's like can I have a snack and then go
outside and ride the hoverboard and I
was like yeah but you put comment down
he had fallen asleep and he was out here
in like to 0.5 seconds so now that he
knows how to like really ride the
hoverboard
he loves it I know when you charge it oh
let's see if we can make it you have got
to be kidding me
I just told Jax I said dad called me and
said he looked all over first wall and
couldn't find it in like as a joke I was
like Jackson whoever friend's dad wallet
does all it gets to keep all the money
in it you just walked into his office
and said I got it mom Jared are you
looking let's see let's see what money
you get oh my gosh the time dad has
money in his wallet
trying to put one of those in your piggy
bank maybe it's a coin here's like the
dollar bills eggs the coins you want to
put a dollar bill in your wallet and
your piggy bank you don't feel why I'm
gonna take the money um dad's going to
laugh at that that's funny
Jer look Jack's here is that are you
happy with that
what for
okay now you're being greedy say thank
you you're for so you want for cuz
you're four years old well that's what I
found
be happy with it go put it in your piggy
bank okay want me to come how was your
day Penn sure guys his days you have fun
in her class awesome I have a question
for you mister yes remember and you
couldn't find your wallet yes where did
you look for your wallet so Jackson got
home and I was just being goofy I was
like Jackson daddy stop fighting as well
except for here we wouldn't find it cuz
you couldn't find you I said whoever
finds it first gets keep all the money
and no and he walked in your office
walked out and said he found it in your
office
was gone two seconds and got Friday so I
opened it up froze it you can have it
put it in your and you didn't want to
put it in his baby who are --court coins
oh good good whoo I know I think the
time Jared uh there's like 40 bucks and
there's more there's quite a bit but but
yeah he I gave him a diamond he was
happy he wanted four but I we had one
cuz he's boring
yeah funny you know what I need to do
you take all the coins from his I know
it's full and then taking the like coin
star and get him into bills yeah that's
my oh that's fun because when I retract
and gets money our grandma gives him
money he finds money it's like yeah put
it in your piggy bank and
his piggy bank is full him putting that
diamond
he barely could fitted it it is chuck
full so we do we need to go get the kids
little piggy banks cashed out in two
bills and they just put the bill in
there and then let them keep putting
stuff in it yeah awesome case should we
go we're gonna go into town today we're
going into Salt Lake City and I was like
let's look at some of the baby stuff
over there 13 weeks it's been a long
time since we've busted out the stroller
huh yeah honey grab the door
whoo good-looking family okay once the
door closed elevator dance party ready
to hit the music
party I've ever come on guys get with it
hey this chair so we are at the store
right now we're adding a couple things
but we wanted to grab something for the
baby and here's what I'm thinking maybe
we can all work together and we all can
pick out something for the new babies
does that sound like a good idea yes
would you like to pick out something for
the new baby yeah would you like to pick
out something for the new baby
yeah okay I think we can all do that
nobody's so fun that way we all have a
gift to give the new baby when he gets
here is that cool we just had a great
idea we were thinking that we all could
pick out something for the new baby to
get I think if we find stuff that we
want a new version that's what I'm
saying like yeah absolutely
what is it
it's a Mario teaser I love that let's
get three of them so I can have one
jammie look how sweet that is but the
only reason why I'm not gonna get it
Oh is because I do not like buttons like
this especially on a newborn because
you're always changing his diaper and
like having to button it a lot like
you're changing them constantly so I
love these but I just can't do it with
the buttons sorry
you find any good stuff should we find a
fun outfit for the baby okay there so
this is so soft and nice oh I think so
and they've got little ears on them oh
that's cute I think I found what I want
yeah what do you think do you approve
you like it good
are you dancing like no one's watching
there you are
Ellie that is so sweet I'm gonna sweat
out this like a onesie yeah
these balloons are so handy to have
because we can see the kids anywhere in
the store because the balloons are like
their little periscope thing
there's Jackson and there's Calvin you
did not did you break your nail I am NOT
gonna make this vlog but you've been
working so hard to keep it like I'm
gonna file it and do it really good so
it's not not always lost your life isn't
over we'll fix it you know I've never
felt so bad for someone breaking their
nail as much as I do for you right now
oh because I know how long you've been
working hard to keep strong yeah and
it's really no big deal
but like my thumb if you look I broke
this like a few weeks ago and I just
filed it smooth so I'll just file suit I
just wanted a perfect I'm so sorry
and you have a photo shoot tomorrow
we're in a little bit of a pickle you
know the one thing that we came to buy
will not the one thing but the main
thing that we came to buy we lost we
lost all the baby clothes that we just
bought I think it's it the shoes oh my
goodness hunt for buying clothes now
hunt for finding the clothes we just
bought oh our elevator dance parties has
now turned into an elevator search and
rescue party first one to find the bag
of clothes wins with ever inside of it
is that the shoe store yeah it's been a
good day for finding things and also
losing things funny and Joel I hope
you're not watching this video because
it just further proves that we are
notorious for losing things important
things at that too so
we're not we're not to that level of
losing things but there's still time
well little guy got his first clothing
item he got a little sweat outfit look
how tiny his little onesies are this is
for when he's just brand brand new born
look at those tiny things so he's got
some onesies from Daddy he got us some
little hats and then I got some just
white onesies for him because I love a
baby and a white onesie is so cute I
love that it's so weird it's so tiny
these give you so little oh I just can't
wait for like so delicately hold nuzzle
him in your neck I took a picture we
brought on Calvin home from the hospital
of Jackson Calvin next to each other
Calvin was so tiny it's good
but too late all three boys and to
compare it to that one picture one
picture we did it on our other house
crazy
ah that's our little mini haul baby boy
that's so cute there's like finished
clothes for a baby love it thank you
guys so much for coming along with that
shopping today hanging out finding all
of our stuff I know I didn't find as
much as I was hoping for but that's okay
we'll see you guys tomorrow
hi
