those are so cool
good morning guys I have to start off by
saying the baby's asleep
Jackson is such a good helper and he's
pushing Calvin in his little stroller we
are here at the fairgrounds because they
are going to do a little breakfast for
the entire city here and we're excited
well Jackson I'm glad you're doing this
it's about time you start pulling your
own weight around here helping out with
the family you are that's actually true
that's cute
well that was a delicious surprise we
are here having breakfast with Bonnie
and soul and their kids were having a
great time and I took a bite of these
pancakes and guess what they are filled
with cinnamon did you know that Jackson
do you like your pancakes are they good
Boston and Jackson have been playing
together more and more I don't know if
it's because Jackson's getting just a
hair older and they just get along
better but they have been playing so
much and we just ran into this can I
shot your track this is what's your name
Brandon we just ran into you and we have
always been laughing and having the best
conversation he has the coolest track at
the car show this was his when he was 2
1 or not in high school he said and look
at the bed of it there are just car
after car here it is so cool being here
so fun like I just love it atmosphere I
think July is probably my favorite mine
sighs :
put something on Facebook or Twitter
yesterday and it was like they tell you
to chase your dreams when you're younger
but then when you're older they say you
know be realistic and we're here at the
fair can I feel new boys
and your great-grandpa is that right you
and your great-grandpa are making these
dust pans and selling them and Bonnie
and I are standing here probably almost
and think it's so cute it were like this
like follow your dreams make something
like if you want to do this and you want
to sell it you sell and you're the best
self and like you came up to know he
came up to me and I thought that is so
cute
so we are gonna buy these dust pans and
I just have to say amen to columns
Facebook or tweet it because when you're
older you want to be a blogger if you
want to be a dentist if you want to be
the best dust pan maker there is you'll
be doing I love it absolutely
and I hope this Sunday someone sponsors
you maybe also boats are you next year
so cute love it so they are selling
these based on donations not necessarily
prices so here your boys go this is from
how much I use all however much you want
so so here you go for those you're very
welcome
well another day done another day closer
until this place is ours believe that
we've just met with the Builder and the
electrician are out there and now kind
of talking but we just met with them
walk through the house said where we
wanted outlets I thought we were doing
really good we have a lot of work that
we sought to do yes so much stuff she's
like King need pickup this is this I'm
like oh I thought I was doing that oh he
was like is does anyone else feel
anxious right now because I'm feeling a
little anxious I'm excited but there's
just a lot to pick out I just I feel
really blessed
absolutely I just I just I love them I
love are the people that's helping us
it's working with us well we it's the
funniest thing we're walking through the
house just like marking where we wanted
extra outlets and everything and the
electrician was like yeah I think I've
been with your builder for about 20
years now well I did my mom's home yeah
and that's what we were trying to figure
out and it's we were all just cracking
jokes with each other having a really
good time and I think that's what has
been so much fun about building right
now is because we're all it's just like
friends hanging out with each other
getting stuff done
no there's why she I just said thank you
because she has done so much short film
calls and stuff shows you know
her husband this building the home she
knows a lot of people that's what they
do but he likes to do the job
yeah she on the other end yeah so he can
yeah every time I come here I can't help
but think how grateful we are it's just
this is Sony and we I'm just excited I'm
nervous I am too but it's gonna be great
we're gonna get it done and this is
going to be the Meachem household I
think one of the reasons why I feel so
anxious is because as we are walking
around the Builder said that our move-in
date was a lot sooner than I thought and
all the sudden I was just like am I
ready like this this is a whole new
chapter of our lives like we're gonna be
really putting down roots here like our
parents were in their homes for 20 30
years like we're gonna be here and raise
our whole family here and I'm just
feeling a lot of emotions right now I'm
gonna stop talking so don't cry I just
felt really anxious it's just different
I'm it's exciting but at the same time
it kind of is scary so how I'm feeling
right now a lot of emotions going on
well we met up with my mom and dad and
family and we're at my grandma's dad's
old barn house this last windstorm you
can see the barn right here it just
collapsed the last piece and so what
we're doing is we're actually going
through and grabbing the wood from the
barn grandma was a little girl and she
would milk cows in this barn so it's at
least 80 90 years old and mom had a
really great idea to surprise grandma
with some fun presents from this wood
making some wood frames and and all of
that sort of stuff so we're going
through and we're grabbing some wood
from the barn and we're collecting them
to see what we can make from the wood so
Ryan's got his gloves and he's heft in
some some wort here come out they were
this bad giant power that's actually a
pretty good piece turbo let me show you
what we've got already this is just
really cool mementos or as mom would say
Momentum's
that's an inside joke from about ten
minutes ago this is all the wood that
we've gathered here so far that we're
gonna take back
so grandma this is where you spent your
childhood right here all right
lots of memories here huh yes how old
would you say that barn is that we just
grabbed that thirty years old hundred
years old and what did you do in the
barn
milk the cows hey down David the cows
how old would you say you were when you
first moved here 90 90 years old 90
years holy cow dad and I were just
walking through here we're like do you
know how many memories have been had
here just just in this little lot right
here this barn area
this is Grandma and Grandpa's house for
you yeah and you'd run around and play
with the cows and everything they have
apple trees we get apple trees here I
used to come and get wheat and chew the
wheat I remember that ending and that's
where dad would get a barrel for us and
we take the barrel apart and then we'd
use the slats of the barrel to make us
skis I don't know too much about your
dad
my great grandpa but one thing that I
was curious about is how was the
relationship between grandpa my grandpa
your husband and your dad did they get
along very well
oh yeah oh okay when you first
introduced them to each other how did
that go Oh dad was reserved yeah yeah on
my boyfriend I'd bring home Havers I'm
very sure did you bring home a lot of
boyfriends yes so my mother always liked
them and she always made him feel so
welcome a DAB is a little more reserved
did he ever sit on the couch cleaning
the shotgun while you brought your boy
no no we are all waiting for the show to
start look you can see all of them
they're down there they're startin Jared
are we all ready for the show the cars
right there all ready for the show
we were just watching Superman
are you saying hi to them Calvin are you
saying hi to them hi
ba-ba-ba-ba
I still can't believe you've gotten that
truck with that guy oh it was so cute
much for letting us be part of the
parade that was so much fun guys where
you are going to have an awesome weekend
and I hope you guys do too
thank you so much for watching and we'll
see you tomorrow buddy
