we are all just sitting here having a
great time looking at the beautiful
mountains waiting for the fireworks and
I think the most comfortable person of
all is Calvin Kevin you're just hooked
he is taking a load off
Jarrid miking I think before I get rid
of this I think that we should
officially say goodbye are you cutting
another pair of it no no come here come
here come here come here Calvin give me
here
give me her come follow us you can be a
part of it Jim here
Jared brought this home from work and
when he brought it home there was a
speaker in it does he want it from work
yeah and I was like oh my god any
thought I was so excited for the speaker
and come to find out I was excited for
the blog because I held my makeup
brushes and then we found it for a long
time it's like broke right here for us
going through my drawer and I just
thought you know I'm not gonna bring
this with me into the new place I've
been kind of going through a lot of my
stuff just everyday I can't consciously
think okay do I really want this should
I donated to get rid of it and I think
it's time how funny is that that this
it's been four years ago we got the for
three or four years ago maybe because
this was like when I very first started
there I still remember you come this
will be perfect for my makeup brushes
for it filming then I don't know maybe I
think we were at least 2 to 3 years ago
how funny is that that I know have it I
loved it thanks you're welcome tell me
you do it or do you want to take me you
could toss it my friend all right
Jackson we have a mission today
you know what that mission is its
operation retrieve the four-wheeler in
the new minivan I need a little backup
though because I've never done this
before so we've enlisted the help of
uncle Joel here and we're gonna get the
four-wheeler hooked up to the minivan or
we're gonna get the trailer hooked up to
the minivan and put the four-wheeler on
the minivan and get that all situated we
need to be able to put two cars in the
garage and we can before we learn to do
that okay you're ready Jackson we're
gonna have some fun kay
all right we got the trailer here and
we're getting ready to put the
four-wheeler on it and that was my first
time driving with a trailer attached to
our car and I was nervous at first
because I've never done it before but I
actually once I got the feeling of it
and you know this felt the trailer
attached to it I felt really confident
so I that was pretty cool I think I'm
gonna get used to having a trailer once
we get one and you know what the four
really on it so that was nervous number
one the next thing is driving it with
this thing on it Jackson should we get
the four-wheeler attached okay
can you help me are you gonna I'll get
the trailer set up and you drive the
four-wheeler up onto the trailer okay
can you do that for me do you think you
could drive the four-wheeler on the
trailer yeah you feel pretty good about
that okay give me half past now I get to
try these tie-downs that mom and dad got
me for Father's Day at Christmas
birthday something like that thanks mom
and dad I'm excited for these very cool
let's just see if I know how to use them
don't go anywhere until I say so okay
little tight so we get there is it on
the inside of the outside oh I don't
know I think it's on the inside oh I can
see it
Jackson why did you peek at that bug are
you gonna eat it Jackson you want to eat
the bug juice No
so I had no idea that part of Joel's
trailer did this so it's so easy to get
on and off because we are gonna be
getting a turtle or two so I think that
the guy that made this for Joel will try
and contact and have him do the same for
us it's a super light trailer so you fun
all right it is all girls and no boys
allowed because we have hi Maria I don't
know if you guys have officially met you
guys know Ryan and little Anne but we
are all going and getting some pedicures
right now because we're in town and the
girls just decided where to go out and
we're gonna have fun the boys are gonna
stay back and work and hang out with
some of the kids and then we'll all meet
up for lunch and toes are shriveling she
was done with the water for a minute
they're all getting scratchy up colors
picked out okay what color is yours
I like that one what color do you have
not yet and this pink and mine I always
get pink and I want pink but because I
always get it I'm gonna do the blue
today so you're glad at my comfort zone
do blue goodness I'm glad that I way out
of my comfort zone
me too I love it look at ends and a legs
stretched over there
not so cute are yours painted yes yeah
cute love it purple pink orange blue
that's so cute there's a lipstick can it
I would wear it I have lived here for
two years and I have never been in here
I've always wanted to it's a cupcake
store and then all the cupcakes get sold
out for the day they close they can
close eleven or four just whenever the
cupcakes are gone they make them fresh
every day
and so we're here getting some for us
and the boys and this is all that's left
they look so yummy my boy is walking to
me but mom oh you go wait for daddy
grandma bought all of us a cupcake that
look good good day go say thank you to
her go say thank you first
we literally could not wait for Jared to
come out of the bathroom so we all like
jumped into your cupcakes
Emily saying that because come an inside
joke so what we did is we took little
chunks of each cupcake off to test them
what do you think Dan fine chocolate
peanut butter he's pointing he knows
what he wants but when do you want do
you want that one hug first
oh yeah oh can I have bubbles first
bubble oh okay I guess you can have some
but not just like chocolate there you go
now you can ride it look should we start
it we have been cleaning out the garage
today and read oh my gosh it's a cane
it's gonna be a jumpy one is it a
 Oh has a red bun no it doesn't
have a red fun jeredy does have a red
bun no no like Jared just on the Black
Widow in the garage and we're gonna look
on the internet after now and see if it
is all right well we did a little bit
more cleaning in the garage and did a
little bit more organization Ellie swept
all of this over here I broke down some
boxes except one because it couldn't fit
and we're going to attempt with all of
our power and strength to fit both of
the cars in the garage and we've done
before when we have Brian and Missy over
here it was really easy so it's not
gonna be that much of a challenge but
I'm gonna feel like it's a challenge
well would you look at that by job I
think we've done it we got the car here
and the van here we have a little bit
more space up front here due to this guy
so we put the van on this side but
that's
like we did it good job Jared you can
park a car in the garage we are all just
sitting here having a great time looking
at the beautiful mountains waiting for
the fireworks and I think the most
comfortable person of all is Calvin
Calvin you're just he's taking a load
off I've ever seen
Ryan's instagramming it right now oh my
gosh we just got the cutest moment ever
there's a little baby allowed to all of
us were petting oh my heart is melted
you're having so much fun well boys will
be boys of course Jackson found the
first mud puddle he could and he jumped
right in it that's just fine because
we've got wipes and we can clean you up
but Jackson can I see your bum
show me your bum real quick oh no taking
after his mother I see whoa Jackson are
you ready to go see some fireworks
okay let's go look do you see the
fireworks Jackson did you like the
fireworks - what do you like about him
the green one
he pointed to him and loved them like
that was the best yeah yeah these kids
did so awesome they love the whole thing
Calvin did you like it
I honestly think seeing the kids
reaction to the fireworks were just as
good as the fireworks themselves we had
such a good time she was rushed around
wasn't laughing oh my gosh we just
pulled in the house and that's obviously
traffic was a disaster but it was so
much fun it was just the best the kids
were running around we were having fun
we were with family being better but we
hope you guys have a wonderful weekend
we know we are tomorrow's gonna be so
much fun so be sure to stick around for
tomorrow we'll see you guys then thanks
for watching
