is that good Jackson can I have a lick
you're so dirty
c'mere what did you dream about you did
you can what did you just tell me yeah
guys good morning I think that Jackson
the past week has been having bad dreams
usually if he does wake up for the night
he just whines a little bit but he's
like Dada Dada Dada
the last night I why he went in there at
like 5:30 and he was like scary scary
and so he wanted me to lay in his bed so
we laid in his bed but that makes me sad
yeah what's scary we are gonna try and
fix that I remember Emily my Emily on my
side she was saying that Kate was having
kind of like my tears or something and I
I don't know if I talked to her about
this or if I'm just making this up but
going to bed on time like Jackson's been
going to bed a lot later than he
normally does and I wonder if that's why
me if he's overtired or something are
you sticking your tongue out you know
maybe that's why I don't know but we got
fix it huh I don't want you having scary
dreams
alrighty quick little house update here
for you as you guys felt paper down or
at least that's what I called it was but
it's just moving along so quick they're
gonna be roofing in the next couple
weeks they said we're gonna buy the
roofing material and they're doing the
plumbing and heating and cooling and all
of that stuff right now on the inside of
the house and I just I'm so excited this
is so cool it's it's amazing to see it
go up we'll come around here I'm filming
on my phone cuz we're idiots I forgot
the camera
that's a better shot right there and
there's the side of it look you can see
like all the windows le isn't that so
cool all the windows are in there
getting ready Jackson come here come say
hi say this is my house
I think Ellie has a little bit of a
problem here let's address it right now
Ike it's hard to find short it's hard to
find shorts long enough Ellie I have
caught her other pair of pants how many
is that for you four pair three pair
Jackson come here let's look at your
pants then mommy cut them did mommy cut
your pants and now they're shorts they
look good actually I like them not bad
mom are you swinging and having fun oh
that's cool
you want to go high okay swing hard one
two three go
yeah we're back here at mom and dad's
house because mom is getting her haircut
and they've got a few things that we're
gonna be doing for the house and I want
to show you this here real quick
yesterday I drew up a little sketch of
what our what do they call it our
banister balusters something like that
to show them on the design and we're
going over it yesterday I have to say
this is hand drawn so it's not that
great but it's pretty good so this is
kind of like the idea that we're looking
for it's a very simple design this is
just a little bit wider base and then it
has one of those cool little rounded
edges thing and then it just goes
straight up obviously my drawings not
perfect but then we've got one simple
cut here and then one cut here and then
it's a very flat top right here and so
that's like the the pillars that we're
gonna have then we have the actual
railing and what we've done here is we
have two in between each balusters on
the top and bottom and that's gonna run
all the way down the staircase so that's
just kind of what we're thinking of for
the for the pillars because the
balusters is what they call them I guess
yeah the poles aren't just gonna be
plain poles which i think are beautiful
but I wanted something a little
different because our staircase is
Elly wants it the staircase to be like
the Wow
once you walk in and I think this will
do and so they'll - pretty well
each Paul with some wood and I think
it'll be really pretty I do - yeah so us
Bonnie mom seems like everyone and the
family is kind of doing some new things
with the house I remember being a little
girl in the summer the haha summer and
mom and dad making this like little
patio area and they actually cut this
into a whale
it wasn't least a well like oh well like
an animal well such as I talked some
people to understand but it's been
reshaped over the years but it used to
look like an animal whale anyway mom and
dad have like they went in hand-picked
all their stone out in the mountains and
it's beautiful it's so fun to look at it
makes me excited for my own little patio
only like that'd be a tiny yeah so it's
fun being at Mom's home
everyone is patiently waiting on the
stairs it's almost like they're waiting
for something what are you guys waiting
popsicles and Bonnie yeah they just new
dogs right here what did you guys give
them something earlier and you told them
to sit right here uh usually it's like
just sit and we'll give you pops yeah so
they all came up here sat down when the
popsicles came out is that good Jackson
can I have a lick your Soto you guys are
so nice thank you I've sent the kids on
a little adventure I sent them out into
the backyard and they need to find a
stick about this big around and about
from my head to this this hand right
here long something like that oh it's
got to be bigger than that Boston and so
they're on an adventure oh that's that's
a good length but it's got to be a
little bit thicker than that okay so
keep looking
go ahead Boston keep looking where I'm
sending them on a little adventure for
two different reasons the first reason
I've got a fun idea for them after this
the second reason Oh Cody that's perfect
it's just got to be a little bit longer
okay keep looking Jackson that looks
great but just a little bit thicker
that's not a stick Olivia that's part of
the swing set but good good thinking
that's that's a good thinking go put it
back we're gonna have a little bit of
fun all right guys you finished your
mission you found the stick now there's
one thing that I didn't tell you are you
ready these aren't just sticks they're
magic wands did you know that this is a
magic wand and you need to pick one and
we're gonna cast spells okay is that
this one perfect Olivia which one do you
like that one okay I'm gonna teach you
something
ready let's go what spells are you guys
gonna cast okay
candy you want to make candy appear okay
we're what do you call the spill okay
whoo oh my goodness
they're candy these these are pretend
magic words
try it again Jackson good job okay let's
see it Cody
what bibbidi bobbidi what tons of hoses
in the world okay let's see it good job
Jackson good job Austin
okay let's see if there's some green
tomatoes oh my goodness Olivia look at
that you made some green tomatoes appear
good job I've said it once and I'll say
it again Ellie we are a Red Vine family
okay not as twizzler business mothers
are good okay red vines are the best and
whenever we go like on a long road trip
we like to have red vines in the car
first growing up we didn't eat treats in
the car except like road trips and we
would usually have licorice because it
was pretty clean and I've thought about
it we're probably gonna eat in the car
because we just least seriously call a
lot but for our trip just going to mom
and dad's like will get licorice because
let's go to let's see for Jackson let's
get some red vines because we're red
wine family perfect best babysitter
window well we are at the house
measuring where our bed set is good to
go this is going to be kind of a guest
bedroom and I've been thinking for a
while
I might sell my dresser and just keep
the bed set in the nightstands because
if people do come to stay more likely
they're not going to use the dresser
there they have a full empty closet that
they could use if they wanted so we're
just kind of mapping this out so this is
the smallest room in the house we put
the nightstands here we left some room
for drywall and all of that so there's a
nightstand and then right there starts
the bed and goes all the way over and
right there's the end of the bed there's
the nightstand right here and it comes
out to here
like a big mirror or something here
Rebecca fades that chair yeah I'll be
good that could work in that corner yeah
hey are you missing mama Ellie look at
this I want to show you this they've
already did it I talked to him like a
couple days ago about it and they've
already done it
do you see that right there Ellie do you
see it that is extra reinforcement so I
can hang a basketball hoop up there is
that so cool are our builders amazing I
just talked about it like I was like
yeah I was talking with the idea and
they're like oh yeah we'll just put it
up there they'd put it in for me that's
so cool all right it's bath time and
then it's bedtime boys we've had a
really really great day with family and
seeing the house and doing all of those
fun things thank you guys so much for
coming with us along this journey every
single day we appreciate you guys we're
so grateful for what we do and it's just
an exciting time right now so thank you
guys so much for watching and we'll see
you tomorrow
get ready for the weekend it's coming
your way it's gonna be awesome bye
