give me Calvin come on Oh what you're
going to your brother and not me come on
young man
you
where are we going it's not chocolate
it's mud right I tell you if you guys
ever want to be entertained just follow
a two-year-old around don't talk don't
tell him what to do just literally
follow whatever they're doing and you're
guaranteed to laugh we're walking to the
park and I'm just following Jackson I'm
just like you are so funny just
everything he says everything he's doing
so goofy it's like how long will we go
before he gets distracted and finds
something else to do you know yeah he's
exercising can you do that lunges I see
it too yeah picked us up a dirty tree
and that is what it is like to walk to
the park with a two and a half year old
you go play we got distracted a little
bit but it was really fun it was he's so
funny hugging trees picking up rocks
trying to exercise like the guy across
the street hi yeah let's go play on it
you know it's a good day when the train
is coming he gets so excited whenever he
hears that train
whoo keyway of jackson did you see the
train Jackson did the train wave to you
did you wave back
was that exciting good I used to say I
don't think I'll miss anything when we
know but honestly I'm gonna miss like
watching the transaction okay Jackson
we've got some chores to do are you
ready let's go well good morning guys
today is going to be a very very fun and
awesome day we have some very exciting
stuff happening today
it's gonna be a great day and we're
starting off with some chores we're
doing some garage cleaning and
maintenance we're going through the car
as well and cleaning that out because
Ellie in 45 minutes 45 yes they call you
yes they did in 45 minutes our life is
going to change in a really great way
and I cannot be more excited I am
thrilled
all right the garage is somewhat cleaned
out we did a lot of organization but we
mostly just cleaned out that guy right
there
Oh mom came to grab the kids I don't
think wouldn't even let me put my makeup
on well the guy called me again is like
okay I'm here I'm like you're 20 minutes
early Ellie we gotta go
kay Jackson are you ready you ready are
you excited you don't even know what's
about to happen yeah we're gonna go to
Grandma's okay let's go I am so excited
I I can't even contain how excited I am
to show you this right here Ellie come
stand in front of it so it looks even
prettier it's like a new chapter in our
life seven years two kids later we've
got a man
and oh yeah right now I'm first okay you
can have it first like oh my gosh look
at this I like the color
isn't that beautiful inside oh my gosh
look at this
Ellie we have a van it is taken oh nice
not just questions look at this let's do
a quick run around that's like a camera
down there isn't that amazing look at
this look at that right space that we
are gonna have oh my gosh we are gonna
put these seeds back and have so much
space for our stroller there's so much
room for activities Ellie I'm sorry gosh
I cannot wait to look look at the the
sunroof the moonroof
look how giant that is Ellie the kids
are gonna love it oh they will love it
for sure I already love it I haven't
even driven it yet what no no no no no
Ellie you realize there's HDMI in right
do you know what that means you can
charge our phones Super Smash Brothers
in the car we can play the PlayStation
in the car like that this is gonna be so
much fun do you want to drive it okay
let me grab the door for you enter your
van sweetie you look cute okay start her
up baby this is on as a turn okay turn
it you gotta put your foot on the brake
it is I don't know wait wait wait wait
wait put your foot on the brake
oh it wasn't you to happen ha ha ha okay
now but there you go
wait wait is your seatbelt on mine's not
on yet I've gotta be prepared Ellie this
feels good in here Oh remember when we
got the blue car I met two MOA we went
to Moab where should we go I should go
like just somewhere she one venture I
date oh my gosh oh my gosh
can I tell you something already arm
rest I remember
we were on a rental car I can't remember
which one it was and the armrests were
not wide enough and they were you just
split kept slipping off but I already
can tell my gosh wow you look so
stinking cute driving this van I can't
wait to see my babies back there okay
Jackson got a new car seat Jackson's old
car seat we are putting it in mom mom
dad's car because we are seem to always
be pulling it back and forth so we got
Jackson car seat and now you can drive
it we'll go show Bonnie a job door Ellie
oh thank you you're welcome
so as we're driving there's this little
triangle right there on the mirror and
it was orange and I was like ah sup cuz
your blinkers on and the little thing
will light up if there's someone in
Jared's blind spot pretty crazy buddy
bill is it bad that I'm like yeah I'm in
my minivan like I'm so excited it looks
good it feels good it doesn't even look
like one I love it it smells good yeah
okay Jackson are you ready to see this
okay come on and what is that it's red
it's our new man Jackson what do you
think okay let's get in what do you
think buddy do you like it so cool Roby
you want to sit back you want me to turn
it on you want to go for a ride let's do
it what do you think my business it's
beautiful I love the color
you like it I think that we should get
their seats in and go to lunch I should
get the great idea you guys hungry yeah
yeah you can shower now sorry and I'm
not telling him about
not yet anyway when we go on a big trip
sometime I'll bet Kalin just woke up
from his nap and he has been walking
around the entire living room and
kitchen and he's been doing so good and
I'm gonna get the camera I'm actually
gonna film it this time because he's
just been going like crazy and I know
he'll do it for me are you gonna walk
for us and show us exactly what you've
been doing but wait I need a hug first
Oh can you go up to the table Oh another
hug okay go walk to the table to the
table there you go
go to the table keep there you go keep
going keep the doctor he's like I'm
gonna turn around so as you guys saw
earlier Ellie was really busy going
through a bunch of different clothes
getting ready to send some to my sister
and to donate a bunch of other stuff
well we've got them all right here and
they are ready to donate and that's
something that I want to do but I have
the kids Ellie has a car and the car
seats we have the other car but no car
seats so Calvin and I are gonna hang out
here and we're gonna wait for Mama so we
can go donate that stuff are you just
gonna be circling around I'm gonna try
to do some more Ollie's on the
skateboard see what we can do good here
we go come on ray can recounted come on
Oh what you're going to your brother and
I me come on young man
good oh good job well I'm currently
putting out a fire Jackson can you tell
me what happened yeah broke Jackson
earned a candy necklace and his little
brother Calvin may or may not have broke
it and so I'm putting out the fire that
is
axes temper tantrum and Calvin's
reaction being like I want some of that
candy I'm sorry buddy so I'm going to
thread all of this back together and
we're gonna give it back to you okay
buddy all right Jackson all of the
candies are back on the necklace it's
just a matter of tying it it's harder
than it looks dude I can tie a knot with
a cherry stem in my mouth but I can't do
this ah there it is I did it here you go
Jackson I fix it now it's a candy
bracelet okay just don't pull it okay
don't pull it just uh just eat it okay
buddy well it's time to go we didn't
even officially say hello we came down
to show Mom and Dad the car and mom made
us dinner be like it I love it what do
you think oh it's really nice yeah it'll
be really nice to go on our traveling
trips sing family with actual truck
space it's really fun to show them on
the dad when I'm back tomorrow buddy's
gonna cut my hair oh good good yes why
so on our way home what I'm really
grateful for is each of the kids have a
little vent that goes above them because
he in the car there was like no vents
back there so we would blast the AC back
there but they would
still be hot like Calvin's head would
always be sweaty even with the AC
blasting so I really like glad that each
kid has like a little vent above them so
they will be pulled off but we got
Calvin a new little car seat - so are
you happy in there yes I'm very happy
thank you have to hate cuz your bass are
you out big oh I didn't have any enough
we saw on fun on our way home we broke
the car and already we each got a little
drink and Jackson kept putting his doll
spelling in the new card
well that sure was probably one of the
most exciting days ever
it was aside from having Jackson Calvin
I didn't say the moss I said one of the
most exciting days like if you think
about it we have had one car for nearly
seven years between us it already was
nice like I went to an appointment today
like already I'm like why you guys have
known that we've been looking for a van
and the truck for a long time I've done
lots of like test driving when we've had
to rent vans and cars and everything
like that well what happened was
Chrysler saw that we were looking at
vans and they asked us if we'd be
interested in trying out the new
Pacifica and obviously we need a van so
we said yes we feel so blessed and so
grateful like we are so grateful right
now because it has already been like so
helpful for us we are so excited to
drive it around and use it and just have
fun with it so I'm excited so for our
trips we're talking to match today we
want to make a trip to Texas sometime
just lots of fun things that'll be
really nice yeah so that is it that is
our brand new car thank you guys so much
for watching we hope you have a
wonderful day and we will see you guys
tomorrow bye
