can you come get it you show me how you
walk you get it - well that's what
happened can you have another brother
are you guys we are just getting some
lunch
Calvin's been sitting here eating
Jackson's eating we have done a run
across toughest mornings have our
banister we do bind it done you went and
looked at the locker room cabinets like
another color
yes and after lunch we're gonna go
fireplaces we've got our fireplace
brought upstairs okay
but if you can't beat them you join them
a couple days ago I had mentioned
something about like wanting to try
skateboarding and getting more involved
with that like I have the long boards
but I actually want to try getting back
in Tuscon
I said getting back into I was never
really into it in the first place
but I want to try skateboarding and like
see if I can like do it like a kickflip
or heel flip or pop shuvit or something
like that so I had no idea about this
Bashan actually has his own little like
yeah so he offered to help me build a
skateboard so we're gonna do that
I made this skateboard like I went to
their Factory and I hand pressed this
that's why are you all girls cut off
because I'm not cool there oh look at
all these boards you have are these all
use them broken boards so we have these
ones and they all have really cool
stories behind them this guy was the one
I took to Moab with Devin Supertramp
the skating on Mars right yeah yeah down
there own stories and then these ones
are brand new so you can choose from any
of these - holy cow these ones are like
colorful little part that's so cool
so we're gonna build a skateboard wait
one more thing yes skateboard trucks on
a hoverboard and skated it and how'd it
turn out amazing do you have it on your
youtube channel links below okay so we
started making the skateboard and I
already feel like I've made a thousand
lakes where I was like I'm just gonna
let you do it and we'll see how you go
so I've got the grip tape on the board
and I've got to show you this side okay
you ready for this look at the
skateboard each other whoo look at that
that's pretty scars monster trucks poker
game s lures bald eagles Ronald Reagan
look at that and a Big Mac and Big
Show's Big Mac shows you your
personality shine show you the skills
look at this well you're doing good say
concentrators don't worry about me
filming
nice update jared has chosen his
bearings and his wheels you said you
wanted a good skateboarder you can do
tricks on these our trick wheels
kickflip in no time I'm gonna be
tricking like crazy hot tricks this
hater died can you just give me a good
skate or die right now
scatter die man I probably better skater
die you've seen some stuff you've jumped
some stuff you've grinded yeah you
grinded some stuff that's good okay
bearings in the wheels and now you need
trucks anything up here choose they're
lying baby man flying me go for it wills
go on the trucks unscrew the bolt put
the wheels on okay easy are we allowed
to tell your vlog what just happens
yeah I feel like they need to know
accidentally put the screw in back
basically instead of screws being on the
top and going down in he had them at the
bottom going into the top like that so
basically you'd be standing on screws
while you skate boards may not feel very
good but he did have a good save he's
like well I'm gonna buy those shoes that
I've screwable so I can connect myself
to the skateboard he's screwed into the
ground yeah so actually it wasn't a
mistake you maybe just invented the next
form of skating yeah it's like snowboard
skating you're strapped in so you don't
screw it in screwed in sorry hey dad's
building a skateboard like it look the
progress so far oh yeah he chose the
American Beauty yeah it's like a
skateboard shop engineers and Jarrod's
like a kid in a candy store that doesn't
know how to eat the candy and almost
eats it upside down well Ellie I think
we're all done with it what do you think
it's like my favorite part I'm an
official shonduras sponsored skater do
you see that shonduras high-five we're
about to go try some now he's gonna show
me a few tricks this dress you have some
like knee pads and helmets and shoulder
pads and elbow pads
trips I can do about half of that yeah
look at that safety first kids with
skateboarding right now
Oh cute my name is shark attack do you
want to touch the shark fin touch it
let's do it
tap your toe jump up you got the board
off the ground
crazy impressed you guys ready for this
Jared straight-up learned how to ollie
are you ready look at that dude you're
just yes I was soaked dude that was so
good
this guy just learned how to ollie so if
you're wondering so good it's cuz I
sponsor its kid sponsored by shuttle
pretty much pro level next time you guys
are in town doing house stuff you got a
shredder yeah yeah teacher to the skate
park trips I'm ready for a little shark
attack oh yeah okay go down the hill man
good job buddy
all right thanks again man we'll get out
of your hair have a good day who's who
lives here whose house is this
grandma great Jackson has a toy of
Grandma grades
and I'm trying to figure out how open
this door okay there we go he's gonna
play outside in the backyard for a
minute puffins are you you walk my side
you guys go outside for just a minute we
have a really fun night plan for we have
to show you guys something real quick
Jared was bending over and these are his
new short you have hold there what a
hold there and hold there are you
kidding me are they big they're pretty
big I just got these I know is it my
like my bum did it or like I wasn't
dragging my well it's just where the
pockets are you know grandma guys not a
bummer so where are we going tonight
well we're going to hear Craig play in
this band my dad on his mission for our
church in London England he was in a
band for a year of his two-year mission
and his mission president is in a home
and all of the missionaries who were in
that band are gonna go play for the
mission president so it's like a really
very touching he's in a assisted living
home yes yes they're gonna go play for
him that's fun yeah can you come get it
you show me how you watch you get it too
well that's what happened you have an
older brother so Jared and I just got
done writing some e-mails back and forth
with our friend that is helping us with
the interior design of our house and she
sent a few concept images and I'm really
anxious to see maybe even what some of
you guys might do so I'm gonna show you
so this is the first image for our
living room you know how we showed you
guys the our fireplace with the big
windows around it so the first one she
sent was like you walk into the living
room with chairs two couches on the side
coffee-table unlike a bench in front of
the fireplace so this one is probably my
favorite because we can always take
those chairs out but this bottom one is
also an idea the reason why this one
isn't my favorite is because you would
walk into the living room into furniture
I'd rather the furniture be on the side
and you walk you have our entryway that
you walk in it just be really open this
one does call for a TV right there so
that's pretty fun but this one you have
the fireplace the windows chairs on the
side of it a couch at the bottom but I
kind of like having the couch on the
sides and the cute little ottoman in
front of it I think it'll definitely
make the house feel more open if the
couches are on the site because you walk
in and nothing's stopping you're usually
yeah so I think that's kind of where
we're leaving right so it's kind of what
we've been looking at right now what
would you guys do I kind of have the
idea of the upstairs not having a TV in
the family room the basement will have a
TV the fun area that'll be fun for the
kids fun for us to lounge so I kind of
like that first one this is a little
quick concept of my office that she did
so you walk in with the French doors and
then this is an unique concept for a
desk where there's a desk with chairs on
both sides if the desk is long enough I
really like the idea of a chair yeah and
the windows would be right here I think
so
I'm just saw inverted two but I'm still
thinking I really want my desk to be
light or my office to be like me and
exciting and really great and awesome so
I just hope it turns out yeah so gern
has a lot to look up as far as desks got
much
yeah buddy
he's soo young
yes we just finished up with dad's
concert and now we're all here at Texas
Roadhouse having dinner excited Jackson
has been devouring these peanuts he
figured out how to open up these peanuts
and he's been loving it have you been
eating these peanuts buddy are they good
show me how you break one open good job
that was a little top on here why don't
you take a little drink of your
chocolate
you know you do that I took a sip that I
was like yes it is I'm glad you found
that because it was the secret for me do
you guys want to see my food babe
my food baby food that's ready I think
we'll go ahead and drive home and call
it a night what do you say that's great
thank you guys so much for watching the
video today and we'll see you guys
tomorrow it's gonna be a great day
tomorrow I can tell already ok bye say
bye bye
