he wants to go high
good morning guys we are just getting
ready to go grocery shopping for the
week I have to show you Jackson's but
the last few days over the last few
weeks they've been so dirty because we
bent up at the house
but I like why is it not getting clean
it's not that his foot is dirty that is
at a on line from his shoes look at the
little dots is that not funny he doesn't
think it's funny but I think it's really
funny Jackson and I are grocery shopping
and like two weeks ago I had showed you
guys my list I was really good that way
I took pictures of my food I'm going to
have them print it today so I can put my
in my little recipe Jackson is in the
car he sits and sings sold out so
everybody can hear and so I have
pictures I'm gonna print out then last
week I wasn't very good all I didn't
plan a lips at all and we ended up
eating like pancakes it's three days out
of the week and so this week I have my
list and again I get to take pictures
printing out if I like them enough and
send mom in my little recipe book so
anyway I have my pictures ready so I
need to go pick them up but we're just
finishing up brushes shopping but I just
wanted to give you guys an update that I
did really get the one week the next
week I didn't this week I'm gonna do
good stuff that's like you know up and
down everything some weeks are good
stomachs are not can you see me one more
song
that was pretty good pretty good
well I have to tell you the advertisers
got me today when I was grocery shopping
I haven't even shown Jackson yet because
we're going to take it to the pool but I
saw these apple juices that have all the
superheroes on it
he's knit is that cool oh it's that cool
that one Captain America Iron Man I mean
for you pretty much no Hulk anyway I saw
is it over gonna go to the pool today
and oh I'll bring one of those I thought
you were so cute we reinvent this is
what we've got is delicious some chicken
and some bread and so I I noticed this
and I have to tell you because I think
it's the funniest thing
how them just woke up from a nap and I
think this is the first time that I've
ever seen his hair long enough to have
been a yeah you're getting here buddy
he's had some long hair in the back but
while honest like thank you he's a stud
he's like I'm Homer Simpson I have three
hairs on my end and they're all messed
up he's so sweet is your hair messed up
too is your hair miss dr. Calvin has
blown up this whole ball by himself and
now Jackson's here to finish it off can
you believe that good job look I can't
believe Calvin was able to do it
I cannot believe we literally have a
private pool this is where we have our
gym membership so you have to have your
membership to come let's take a
full-blown pool a little hot tub and
even a splash pad over there so we're
going to take the kids for an hour so
I'm goes to him and we got Calvin a
little blow-up thing because the blow-up
thing that we got for Florida popped and
sub
we're in the pool for all about two
minutes and then they kick this out we
just got kicked out of the pool looked
up one more time in just a minute they
kick this out because there's a
five-minute bathroom break they kick
everyone out of the pool so everyone can
go by this cool dumb oh yeah it's great
fun it's just like a little private pool
that we've got here I think that's great
you
you like the pool oh the big one yet you
like going underwater underwater do you
like to jump in the pool yeah show me
how you jump in the pool yeah just like
that huh do you like holding your breath
do you close your eyes underwater or do
you keep them open no water are you in
the water right now yeah do you like it
house update look at what they've done
so far this is amazing guys look they
have half of the house has is ready to
be roofed or at least prepped for
roofing and everything that brings back
so many memories what's funny is when
Ellie and I were first touring through
the house that day that we built this
off of this is like the stage that they
were at when we first walked through it
feels like it's within our grasp you
know like we've already gone through
that process once before now it's just
for our house so there's a couple things
that I want to walk through and I've got
to show you guys here real quick on the
inside and I kind of want to get your
opinion a little bit and see what you
guys think let's go all right so we are
in my space this is my zone this is my
area this is my office and I'm very
excited about it but there's something
that I have to figure out and something
that I have to think about the Ellie and
I have been just discussing lately and
that is the placement of my desk and
really what my desk is going to look
like if it's going to be just a normal
desk room in the l-shape or if it's
going to be on one both sides right the
other my question is do I want to be
sitting and facing out the window or do
I want to be saving sitting this way and
so I can see out this way and that's one
of the biggest things so let me let me
point the camera so you guys can see do
I want to be facing this way with my
desk right here or do I want my desk the
long ways like that and facing out the
window so that's something that I've
been thinking about these are going to
have French doors that open up and then
what I'd really really like what I think
is going to look really cool is I'm
going to have one two three guitars
hanging up on the wall I just think
that's gonna look so stinkin cool you
got the window here it's going to be
great I'd like to put like a couch or
chair something in there so people can
come in and sit down and everything so
that's kind of what I'm going through
right now I'm debating about and I
wanted to come into the house and feel
what it would look like
you know like what would feel the best
and look the best and I still don't know
so if you guys have any ideas I really
like like a modern looking office
because that's kind of like my territory
always making the laundry room her own
she's gonna have a lot of fun there I'm
doing that with my office and the thing
that I have to take into consideration
so I'm going to have two computers I'm
going to have the gaming computer with
the three monitors and then my iMac
which is like my workstation so I have
to incorporate that too so it's going to
be kind of hard but I think we'll be
able to make it work so we are moving in
September September or early early
October and so I'm going through the
house with your just a few things
donating some items Calvin has inherited
some summer shorts these are Jackson's
that will fit Calvin and then these will
fit him you know this this winter this
fall I have just some sweaters here for
Calvin I have been very emotional and I
don't know if it's just like the
memories or just knowing that he's not
not a baby but this hat like I could
just cry that he won't wear this like
look at him just like walk across the
room like you don't fit as anymore
Kelvin and it makes me sad it makes me
sad so there's that there's this that he
won't fit into and just some clothes he
really didn't wear very much that
instead of keeping for the next baby I
am going to give them to Jennifer she is
due in October so I'm going to send
these to her because she will be able to
use them sooner I don't know when we're
going to have another kid and when we do
what if it's not a boy and by then
honestly these clothes are going to be
sitting for a really long time so I'm
just going to go ahead and donate some
of the really really nice ones to
Jennifer and then some other ones I'm
going to donate so I'm really sad I feel
like ever since even before Jax and I
just told myself enjoy the moment enjoy
them don't get too stressed out yes I
guess I get stressed out and whatnot but
I really honestly can say that I feel
like I enjoy my kids I feel like going
through these clothes
I miss stages but I have it like I
haven't missed them we've treasured them
but I just it's sad how fast they grow
why where are you
why do you grow us hope the highs okay
I'll watch you he's thinking about it
he's thinking about it whoa whoa dude
would you be all the transition and
everything dude that was totally tubular
Oh with the head but whoa oh that's
pipeline transition back to the couch oh
my gosh he's all over the place yes yeah
oh it's good to see you again Jackson
whoa
and this kid Kevin oh he wants to go
high in the sky you ready he wants to go
oh I love hearing these boys laugh you
know that I love hearing you now he's a
Fed I say buh-bye
not more mine than yours well that's why
I'm saying did we just find the anti
Ellie is Calvin the anti Ellie he
doesn't like fruit but he was me he
loves noodles he loves not non sweet
stuff I he like he likes can make new
art yeah he likes candy and stuff but
Jackson loves everything sweet Mike
threw blueberries like he won't you he
would much rather eat the fruit than
even wood than me but Calvin is like get
that fruit get that fruit out of my face
looks at it like like I'll put it here
and he'll take it and throw I'll just be
like nope Philly oven
my tummy is full thank you - good it has
to beat us like our bachelor go to
like are you gonna have dinner Davi to
bring dinner I'm like bring dinner so we
just had dinner we're getting ready to
watch The Bachelor
I'm really excited this is gonna be a
really fun week I'm gonna go upstairs
and play a video game okay got the
stream or something yeah that's what I'm
gonna do
I don't watch The Bachelor anyway yes
you do you come downstairs get snacks
and stays for ten minutes
thank you guys so much for watching we
will see you guys tomorrow we have a fun
week to pick out some more tile for our
fireplace some more house stuff so it's
gonna be a very fun busy week so thanks
for watching okay see you tomorrow bye
