I conquered the monkey bars I can get
Minka ba yeah no don't look down
look how cute Calvin legs today I love
it you look so cute we just got back
from church I'm already heading out the
door - I'm eating a pie I am making some
cake today last week for Sunday dinner I
just bought a cake for dessert because
we were kind of still sick I didn't like
making but making a cake I have a few
instructions for you before I head out
receivers versions okay all right Ellie
has given me the instructions that I
need to finish the cake now here's the
thing these are the instructions that
Ellie gave me will make or break this
cake and I think that may be why she
gave them to me because if this cake
goes wrong it's my fault so basically
what I have to do poke holes into this
guy heat this little delicious sauce up
and kind of just drizzle it over there
so it has like this delicious cream
filling or something like that I have to
let it sit get to that prime condition
and then drizzle poke and drizzle
something like that I don't know
all right 116 it's been approximately
five minutes I have my little poker and
I'm going to initiate poking I am really
nervous about this I'm not going to lie
because if anyone is gonna screw
something up it is me ask my brother
Ryan okay here we go
I know soon as I poke this cake it's
gonna just a flate don't go all the way
through Ellie says because you don't
want it to go out the bottom so we're
just poking some holes in here I think I
went too far on that one oh I did on
that one too
jeepers Jared how difficult is it to
poke some holes she just said lots of
little holes and I don't know if this is
too many holes I'm just poking we're
just poking perhaps in some fun poking
holes in this cake oh I just went too
far that one too oh I did it again ha
have some more control I am doing this
left-handed I'd rather vlog right-handed
than poked left right handed oh my
goodness
it has been poked and prodded maybe I'll
do some like more vertical lines people
are gonna see the pokes we're not about
presentation okay
looks good enough all right we're gonna
put this on a little heat here stew eat
it
make it melt even more than it already
years all right we have some delicious
sauce here and for the moment that
you've all been waiting for all my
nerves oh look at that drizzle watch it
drizzle make a curl something like that
I'm so nervous I feel like I'm doing
pretty good feel like I'm not missing
too much there we go let's get it get
the juices flowing I'm not sure if I'm
supposed to completely cover it though I
mean where else is it supposed to go
I've got a lot more left in here okay
whoo all right you can definitely tell a
lot of liquid has gotten down in there
because those holes are showing back up
now I'm worried about these edges here
is that too much like that has that not
supposed to be there oh my goodness did
I just ruin it
I seriously hope I didn't just ruin it
I'm nervous again not it's fine all
right we're on our way to Grandma and
Grandpa's house for dinner which Bonnie
angelahr coming to their house is still
a disaster from remodeling but this is
what I have cake look at that cake it
looks like ten times better even in the
camera - it looks so yummy oh my
goodness is smell so good I want to
literally shove my face in it and just
take a big bite but I should not but the
business goes up right there for a
minute he sees it does that one to do
your gas to look good I feel good huh
you want to do the monkey bars Jackson
and you need some help cuz they're so
high you want me to help you do the
monkey bars Oh mom's not even tall
enough
okay well I'm here for you I'm a few
inches taller than mom so I might be
able to help you out kay much high five
let's do it oh you're getting me in the
no-looker i five can you do the NOLA
pound
yeah okay let's do those monkey bars
okay boy all right young man we're gonna
tackle these bad boys are you ready for
this let's go oh well they are pretty
high huh good job okay I'm barely
holding you bud you're doing great keep
going keep going you got it oh don't you
still don't look down whatever you do
the lauritas know if I've learned
anything from Looney Tunes Jackson is
that you don't look down when you've all
up a cliff okay hey let's get back up
there good job
oh is that hot from the Sun hey look at
the camera say yeah yeah I did it
Hey I conquered the monkey bars can get
Minka ba yeah no don't look down I want
to make sure you guys were prepared for
what I'm about to show you because it
might be the most magical thing you see
all day today let's open it up
look at those smoking burgers those look
delicious
I just love the smell this smell is just
so stinking good now Jackson are you
grilling the hamburger on your grill
let's see it
well he's not smoking it he's just
grilling it so there's a little bit
different smell to it okay show me what
oh yeah that looks so good okay good all
the way through well you must have
powers like the streak where you could
touch things and not be burned right
Russians you are so stinking cute Kelvin
you may have an unnecessary attachment
to your mother but I'm not gonna let it
fester you have to like me okay okay now
you give me a hug
give me hugs ah see it that's good
that's good we've got everyone here and
we just got the burgers off of the
trigger and they look delicious those
look so good yeah hey you like them Cody
hey everybody likes my cake yeah yes
everyone likes the cake I would say it's
better than the last cake that I had and
mom-mom got the little kids some ice
cream so that we could eat the good cake
and they could help I'm considered a
little kid cuz I happen to like
elementary school let's get back to show
you guys okay what I am hearing you too
you too begins you guys are just playing
talking out the window waiting for the
mailman to come is that what you're
doing I hear you talking Lincoln I do
ah it's been like a nice Sunday we're
all hanging out bringing everyone's
eating cake just talkin Oh hit by the
pitch take your base camp ah yeah go for
it
whoo oh you're out that was a good hit
Olivia
we've got baseball we've got swing in
we've got crazy boys in boxes and we've
just got a fun summer Sunday evening we
just have dinner and dessert now we're
all just out here hanging out in the
shade it's beautiful out here it's fun
just chatting let's see it hello right
over his head good job
goodbye baseball having a great time out
here this is this is like the best of
summer don't you think are you on a
roller coaster ride or something like
that and that had me cracking up for
dude oh my gosh oh geez you guys don't
even know about le that Lagoon it was
insane thanks so much for opening up
your patio to us on Sundays it's
beautiful it's great fun having everyone
here thank you delicious food great
company
it's the perfect check to the box that
says Sunday summer what is he doing
think you do knows he's making us laugh
are you being silly ha ha you're funny
you know that what was he doing
dancing so are you the fiddler on the
roof or something for Peter Piper
mission accomplished
check off the box that's those eyes and
cross those t's the kids are in bed yes
yes
I always feel it's like yeah victory oh
we got the kids in bed and it's funny a
lot of people said guys still light
outside when you put the kids to bed
we've always put the kids to bed like at
7 o'clock and then summertime it really
doesn't get dark until like 9:30 so when
the kids stay up late it's like 8:30 9
o'clock when we put them to bed or when
we say like oh yeah the kids are up late
but for Jackson and Calvin we usually
put him to bed around 7:00 they usually
fall asleep around 7:30 7:45 ish so does
that sound about right at dawn all right
yeah summer they pick one a bit like 8
yeah I've seen a lot of questions about
that in the comments but oh no they wake
up early too
but even if we go to bed late they still
wake up early yeah they usually wake up
around 6:30 6:30 is pretty normal for
the kids to wake up so we're thinking
the earlier they go to bed the more
sleep they get all that stuff so we are
going to end the vlog but I want to ask
one little question first and I tweeted
this out a couple times and don't think
I'm a nerd Ellie don't I see the look in
your eyes you think I'm a nerd okay so
there's the steam summer sale going on
right now I just built this PC so if you
have any recommendations for games that
are worthwhile leave in the comments
down below I see that judgmental look in
your eyes Ellie stop it we're gonna
continue our nerdiness and we're gonna
watch the flash okay that's a binge
watch yes we have so thank you guys so
much for watching we hope you have a
wonderful week make a great and we'll
see you guys next time
