oh look at that that was so good
so look at that crazy they're putting
the trusses on the house today that
crane is so huge this is actually our
second time up at the house today we
spent all morning today but I'm talking
to the Builder and the sons we walked
through the house he also is there any
changes you want to make if you want to
make any changes now would be the
perfect time he showed us the changes
that they had made and the plans because
we had red lines some areas like the
mudroom and our bathroom a little bit we
walked through and looked at that and we
actually added something we have the
basement kind of fixed for a fireplace
just knowing maybe in a few years we
might add one or something and the
Builder was like you know what if you
have it I would just do it he goes I
regret not having ours
you know if little kids if we want kind
of like at my mom's house she just turns
the pilot light off so you know we may
do that with little kids or something in
the future but we'll at least have the
fireplace and that'll be really fun and
cozy for the winter so this is actually
our second time here and they're just
loading up the other trust right now how
cool is this
doesn't that look cool Jer ghosts and
friends
is that not crazy this is so amazing so
were you at work when they did your
tresses I don't remember I was at it
either out of town or at work but I I
missed a whole trust oh really
this is fun watching yeah holy cow I
think this is a cool sight to see all of
the trusses across the front yard
picking some grass for the cows this is
so cool to see all the way there
I love spur-of-the-moment stuff first we
got to just make a quick dash to the
house turn out to be all morning haven't
brushed our teeth yeah Virginia oh my
gosh and you're all the way out here
yeah I did your flight
oh that's cool well that was bad we drop
past this little art boutique place that
the little community is putting on and I
was like we should go back there so
we're on our way back to look at this
little art boutique now as a brush their
teeth they it's fun though they they
have all this art there's live music and
the funny thing is my parents told us
about it as like we've liberated you
here about years and they've lived here
for two months and they know about more
about the community than we do well we
can't even get into the first store
before Ellie gets her hands on a few
things do you get some books for the
kids Jackson what book is that what kind
of book is that Jackson it's a dinosaur
book that's right we got some books for
Calvin - an airplane book this is so
cool this is there's tons of little
boost that I'm excited to see what else
they have here
here this'll help you fight your dragons
come back and tell me what they do you
think we could go fight a dragon on an
empty stomach silly boy this is such a
good idea I don't know whose idea it was
Emily's idea this was fun Emily thank
you so much we're all all of us both
Emily Bonnie our kids we're all hanging
out and just like eating sandwich chick
brownies Jackson just got his dragon
food which was brownies they're fighting
some dragons over there what happened
are you scaring the dragon did the
dragon get you go fight him okay he's up
fighting the dragon Henry's holding the
GoPro the kid there's a little splash
pad right here so he'll have a little
adventure Henry okay let's do this
damage Cody this time we're like
I was standing right over it I didn't
even know oh I didn't even see it
like really kicking yet hey sorry I'm
sorry that happened but guess what it'll
grow back it's so funny that kids learn
from a young age that like something
like that is hilarious to them
he loves pretending to her mom you know
well before we head home we thought we
would come over to the property just one
last time and show bone and Emily while
they're in town the house and I have to
show you guys because it's so exciting
oh my gosh there's a bee on my thumb
there's a pee on myself what situation
should i fling my finger if I fling my
finger might hang on and not like it
okay
fly away bee oh he's back he's back oh
my gosh what do I do
what is it doing whatever I don't have
honey I don't have honey do you ever
just get the shivers
well I'm not afraid of bees I just get
the chill sometimes okay let's walk over
to this side okay what I was trying to
say I think I'm just too sweet that's
what it is yep I am just too sweet if
that beam keeps coming for me oh my gosh
I'm just trying to show you the house
and what they've done keeps coming after
me okay without further ado there it is
okay this is the house this is what
they've done today all of the trusses
and everything isn't that amazing okay I
gotta get out of here this breeze give
me Jackson
J come on let's go the bees goodness
just did a past war we just showed bo
and Emily all of the house and
everything would you guys think
oh my gosh can't believe it so I think
they are almost all done with the
trusses and they've just got to put some
sheeting up there and then they'll roof
the house I think that's amazing and
that's so cool because that's what my
brother and I did for two or three years
as we roofed houses so I think that's
one of the most exciting parts or one of
the parts that I think is gonna be the
most exciting is seeing all the roofing
and how they do there these are the
books we got today we got the airplane
book that you drive around on the track
we got this airplane book where you
shine a flashlight on it and it will
show different things and then we got
these for Calvin my first 100 words and
then we got the big the big machine book
so we got a lot of books here but
Jackson before we go to bed I want you
to say happy birthday and Julie happy
birthday to my sister Julie Christmas is
in exactly six months it's Julie's
birthday so in six months it's Christmas
so nobody should be shocked because you
got six months so we're gonna go ahead
and read all of the new books that we
got for the kids they're so excited are
you excited yeah Ben and his family
arrived at the airport do we go to the
airport a lot that's why I bought the
book Ben has never been on a plane
before so he's very excited that's a fun
little book huh Calvin was reading his
funtime word book can you read that to
Calvin all over and that's where we have
flown over the landing the plane the
pilot flies the plane around in circles
until it's his turn to land thank you
guys so much for watching today's video
we hope you have a wonderful weekend
be sure to give the video a thumbs up
and if you haven't already subscribed
hit that subscribe button and we will
see you guys tomorrow bye
