I got I go down the hill so fast he is
so stinking cute
good morning guys
so a couple things here real quick Ellie
has no idea about this but I have
something coming special for her well
it's just a little something special
it's just a little gift but it's being
delivered in a really unique way that I
don't think anyone has ever done before
so I'm pretty excited about this and it
should be coming hopefully pretty soon
so I'm gonna go check on and make sure
all the delivery notifications are up to
date but it's gonna be pretty sweet I'm
gonna go check good morning guys how are
you doing
Jackson what in the world are you doing
right now
wiper Coco Puffs off your face did you
have cocoa puffs for breakfast were they
delicious and a drink
it's true they were a treat that is
right Ellie how are you yeah it's good
just cleaning now um I am gonna go check
on a couple things and I just wanted to
see if you're okay if you watch the kids
while I go check out my couple of those
things real quick like while you watch
the gets you good with those from the
Commission okay so nothing to suspect or
anything I'm just gonna go do a couple
some won't even worry Ellie seriously
just don't worry okay don't there's
nothing going on okay nothing's happened
okay I'm just gonna go I'll see you
later ok bye bye Jackson
all right so you guys know that I had a
special package delivering for Ellie
well I think I see I think it's coming
right now this is so crazy
you ready there it is there's look there
it is right that is it there it is it's
coming it's coming
so crazy
oh geez watch out for that post watch
out for that post
okay oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh my
neighbor the teeth holy crap
Oh what's it doing Oh thinking
Kelly hi I ordered something for you and
it's being delivered right now
haha look at the drone is delivered to
you
I even control myself
that is so cool what do you think
Jackson
yeah you're welcome Oh careful whoa that
was amazing and there it goes it just
blew away it's gonna there as you sit
there does you see it's just flying away
what the heck that is the coolest thing
ever out of the bag I know it's a good
thing you took it out of the bag Ellie
that would have like oh that's so cool
oh my gosh thank you you're welcome this
is a cool project you're working on yeah
it's fun huh yes you see they were flame
buddy that honestly went way better than
I ever expected or anticipated like
literally nothing went wrong with the
drone delivery I expected at least one
crash but we didn't have any crashes
not even one and there was 100%
autonomous and if you want to figure out
how to do it or how we did it and
everything we actually go through a
detailed tutorial on Zach's channel
jerry-rigged everything tell us a little
bit about what you do on your channel so
on my channel i review technology more
the durability of cell phones and i
teach people how to fix their own cell
phones but this drone I did couldn't
pass it up yeah oh my gosh it was so
cool so if you have a broken phone and
you need to fix it that's one reason to
go to your channel but also to figure
out how we did this 100% autonomously
with our drones got his channel check it
out because it is so much fun I I'm
still like blown away that it worked
like that was so cool
and I got a gift I flew the drone
today's a good day it is definitely oh
look who just woke up from there amazing
nap I can't even count how long that was
it was amazing hey can I bag yards
ah no is so cute can you wait MV oh yeah
uh-huh oh I love it
can I have another like give me a like a
rosary
I love this kid may not like kisses but
he loves hugs he just woke up from an
amazing nap Ellie and Jackson are at the
wiggle worm right now a little play day
they're having a little fun with a
little neighbor friend that they met a
while back so they are having a blast
but they will be back soon and we will
be reunited as a family
look at your face you just laying there
chillin eating a cracker looking at the
babysitter well tomorrow we are going to
have a roof on our home that is crazy
Jarrod crazy oh my goodness my favorite
part about our home Oh honestly is the
staircase I think is beautiful and we
have stairs now putting like a Christmas
tree right here Ellie saying I say
Jackson and the kids are gonna come
running and I can talk to him so guys
today is another date night we got a
babysitter for tonight because we were
going originally gonna pick out the
exterior color of our house we're gonna
walk around and look at a bunch of
different houses and like mark which
ones we like which ones we didn't like
and go through that swatch book but we
had to do it yesterday we had to do it
like that and it was very stressful yeah
but we got it we had kind of what we
wanted in mind so you got that done but
we kept our babysitter and we decided
let's just go to the house and let's go
get a quick bite tea and then go home so
well because we've got a babysitter we
might as well utilize it I'm trying to
think of something I can say in the echo
I go okay boss whenever lope I think
it's crazy that we have stairs now
that's crazy and so fun like that's
something that I
really really like about the house is
the stair where it's located how it is
mindful ceilings so fun I'll give you
guys our room tour real quick you walk
into this is just like a little little
hallway right here you walk into our
room this is where our bed look at our
view this is where our bed is gonna be
I'm just laying on the bed real quick
and then you walk into here and our tub
is going to be right here and that's
where our sink and mandel be and then
you guys remember this from our very
first vlogs we always said we have our
home we are gonna have a walk-in shower
baby
so we have our walk-in shower oh he
smells so good we're on a date tonight
so I guess and then this is what's that
toilet oh yeah so that's the toilet and
then here is the closet this is my
closet right here yeah and then this is
Ellie's closet and somewhere in here
we're gonna have me just a teeny little
sit down vanity and actually going to be
right here because we oh yeah as you
walk in so it's pretty to look at
something else that we changed with the
plans a little bit was we opened up the
mud room so the mud room was a little
bit bigger and put the bathroom inside
the laundry room like my mom's house
which I which I really like so our
mudroom you walk in and like the little
dog you can be right there and then you
keep walking and this is laundry room
and this is the pantry so you come out
here this will be our kitchen or a whole
kitchen area and this is the pantry
which I thought it was gonna be smaller
than this because they said of all the
stairs downstairs
you got just like a whole house tour it
looks pretty big yeah pretty much this
is upstairs this is so crazy
oh my gosh I'm so excited on your marks
get set go
like I go down to heal so fast he is so
stinking cute so tell me what this is we
let Jackson stay up late one night and
you think you can stay up late too is
that what's going on huh mom is that
what's happening well I guess you can
stay up late with us but guess what
we've got to watch the flash okay that's
my one rule for you staying up kay I
need a verbal confirmation about that
okay okay I think that'll work yes yes
yes are you gonna give me another hug me
and the world I was um just looking at a
waters she's hearing you talk she just
delivered her little boy looking 26
makes me um unfortunately they are not
doing their baby home and I am so sad
for them and so I'm just looking at
their page so just Simenson love to them
Ellie and I were talking about that in
the car and it's devastating it's
devastating to have that loss so you
guys don't know what to say Jim hmm I'm
sorry
we're thinking about you for sure holdin
my baby's extra tight hey are you guys
we're going to go ahead and end the vlog
thank you so much for watching we hope
you have a wonderful weekend and we'll
see you guys tomorrow bye
