what in the world are you ready for
something something I just got Matt
Jackson cuz he said to stop I said don't
you tell me that don't you tell mama
stop when she's on a groove don't you
throw of Mama's grew
good morning guys it's another beautiful
day
good morning Jackson how are you you
want to get out okay let's go Jackson
and I are here at the grocery store and
we are going to get a bunch of drinks
and some snacks for the builders today
should we go to the grocery store do you
want to get in the car okay let's go
grab that one that one oh my goodness I
saw this right here I was like oh that
cloud is the little smiley face
there's a little smiley face like a
mouth and two eyes that's fun alright
Jackson I think we make a pretty good
team you got your cart I got my cart
should we go get some drinks and snacks
something like that you know I sure am
glad to have my little helper with me
you were such a good helper were chef
did you have fun should we go take this
up to the property
let's do it
there you go guys hopefully that's
enough hydration for them today we're
excited today is going to be a really
fun day we've got a really fun lunch
planned for these builders here and
we're we couldn't be more excited so
it's gonna be a good day we got drinks
for him yeah lunch planned ready to
start today what in the world what in
the world
looks like Ellie's ready for something
are you ready for something something I
just got Matt Jackson cuz he said to
stop I said don't you tell me don't you
tell mama stop when she's on a groove
don't you throw up mama's grew man you
ready to go we're gonna go over to my
parents house because that is where
we're gonna have lunch today and so
we're getting ready to set up a little
bit earlier today have a little fun in
their backyard because it's a beautiful
summer day you ready boys you ready for
we're gonna have some fun today are you
guys ready we're not some fun did a
little note to future-self
80 wings from Buffalo Wild Wings is
actually not that many hoping there's
like 80 then feet a ton of people we are
bringing a ton of food over to we're
gonna drop it off at the builders so
that they have it for lunch for the day
and we thought that we'd have tons left
over for like us if you're gonna get
some of the neighbors we're gonna do
that another day it went way faster than
we thought we're just like oh this is
you kind of figured out other thing all
you is how many is there so anyway next
time we'll have to order more but for
sure the builders are set today we've
got um tons of food
I got a huge fruit bowl in here so this
is
just really fun and we've kind of talked
about this before but I don't know if
some people just may not know but like
our builder he's a family friend like my
mom and him are friends
he's built a lot of my mom's friends
homes like we know him and we know his
family when I was little my mom would
give me little bags of I can't need to
give to his boys because his boys would
come to the work site when they built my
mom's home and those boys are now
building our home it's crazy that's cool
to think about I know
so we're gonna go and give them some
lunch
this is a little overwhelming our
morning is not gone how we thought it
would go and they said well it's because
we got the text message or phone call
laughter that's why everything she's
like um we need your exterior colors I'm
like oh in an hour
can you give us an hour so I'm sure
everyone's probably sick of me um cuz
I've been like running around like my
head's been cut off but thanks to
everybody we we kind of knew what color
we want it we really wanna buy it so
here's the rock color
I'll have Jordan star a picture of the
rock this is what our rock looks like
and then we decided to go with tentative
done serious gray for the exterior and
then for the lighter eaves above the
house unfortunately Jared wanted to do
Krypton it's calling Krypton le it's
hyped on and this is where Superman was
born as Krypton so I wanted to do that
color because it's scripted but the only
reason why I think we're gonna do the
Jubilee is just because it's just they
look Rehan to tan it I don't want to go
too much lighter so just these are just
writer Chris and these colors when
they're spread out so much and in the
Sun and everything they look a little
bit lighter so yeah it'll look like
Creek yeah he's funny so I think that's
what we're gonna do so I just sent it
over to the builders wife and we're just
waiting to hear back also I keep my back
last night some really crazy sometimes
it's nice a back hurt you have to have a
made like you have to have a deadline do
it and so you just yeah exactly so you
just do it sometimes it's a little
stressful but it gets done right
yeah do you feel better now that you're
done picking yeah well I poked in the
bed okay
well I'll go rub her back down thank you
feel even better betcha lunch is over
and now we're kind of just hanging out
Bonnie Ellie and I are in dad's office
dad's dungeon dad's layer that has a
humidifier oh no you gotta get in there
oh come on get in there I didn't even
see it there you go
ha ha ha ha that's good dad has a
humidifier in here for the guitars these
guitars are handmade works of art and if
in dry Utah if it's too dry in here the
wood can crack and so he has to keep a
very specific temperature in this office
and dad is also of the age where if it
is too dry he will crack the woods it's
a joke
he's one with his guitars he's the one
with the guitars
I cannot believe well I can because he's
been doing really good lately
but you and I took a nap on grandma's
bed you did so good was hard to
translate but what juice did you want
mmm
pop juice ok it took a long time but he
was saying black juice I don't give
Jackson Pop and grandma not grab my meat
gun come on you're in trouble
gave him pot but not just pop I was like
well if we have Robair maybe I'll give
it to you I was like I don't want to put
dr. pepper in your blood yet I guess for
him already gave you some and not just
pop the doctor back batter
you know the earlier he gets dr. pepper
the sooner he becomes a true nikka I was
like oh
goodness I'll give you a little bit of
root beer because you did so good at
listening black juice that's really
funny
that is funny not very often that I get
to experience first yes Jared this is
Jared's first time to this amusement
park in Utah it's called lagoon my
parents say that I've been here but I
honestly don't remember so I'm calling
this my very first time at this MS
amusement park and I am so excited
because you drive by on the freeway and
it's always there and always looks so
fun but I've never been this is my
childhood right here love it now you get
experience the first with me because
this is a new ride that I've never been
inverted it's so crazy that you stopped
it broke you shut up shut stroke oh
that's the most disappointing thing in
my entire life the one ride that I was
looking forward to is broken
we've got time we might as well just go
home let's go I get it they cancelled
my first run is good and just like the
restaurant me yeah I've never felt so
secure in my life
how you guys feelin that was a turkey
ride judgment kiss on somehow it's going
fast I think that's a good idea
I'm gonna squish you that bug you're on
the outside
so I love them using marks because I
love the sensation of falling and we're
about to do the rocket where they take
you up I may drop you down nice first
right was the blast off on the rocket my
dad's like this is what you're going on
and you're gonna go to Native America
you're gonna go to the amusement my head
up like swearing I hated it I think
we're doing both this is the very first
ride that I have ever been on and I
actually love it and look at me I didn't
start without bass so sometimes you have
to make us kids do stuff
having kids not with my 10 times worse
listen guys okay I'd like I'd like I
don't like this I don't like it that was
the best ever
ever
ending it with a black this is it on the
biggest ride in the park the queer going
on it look at how big that is that is so
huge and we're gonna write it le are you
excited I'm a little nervous
anything this ride was broken earlier
today and we're about to go write it
I've been working all night to fix it
Thank You Joel we appreciate it and
we're at the back of the long line so
Rick look how long this line is any
final words before we go get together a
guy that's just Josie
please watch your step here we go my
wife is the most ridiculous person I've
ever met
you're so funny best write of the night
easily dude smooth is but it was so
smooth Ellie you are crazy okay
I'm ready to get some ice cream should
we get ice cream all right hi Joel
serious I'll give you a bite of my ice
cream for a body or churro deal
a little
thankful holy crap I totally crashed on
the way home I am so sucked because we
had such a good time it was so much fun
thank you bye and Joel for inviting us
we had a blast it was my first time at
lagoon I loved it
we're gonna call it a night thank you
guys so much for watching oh by the way
it was so good to see so many of you
guys at lagoon we had a lot of people
stop us and say hello so thank you guys
for stopping us we will see the rest of
you guys tomorrow have a wonderful night
we'll see you tomorrow bye
