le I have to know how you did it you
have to tell me these are the thinnest
pancakes you have ever made and they are
delicious what is a secret our six years
of being married our goal has been able
to make the thinnest pancake we could
positively bake but not crepes thin
pancakes and I succeeded yes you did
yours later yep yes I'm not telling you
have to tell me le mom why not I figured
it out this morning you have to tell me
I mean obviously you can add more milk
and everything but there's more to it
than just that le okay I'm not making
you pancakes for again I'll make them in
on this delicious
all right I have the boys in their soup
swimming suits Jerry your hair's done
cutting ever look good I love it thank
you it looks very good got me right here
pretty good oh oh stop okay go get the
kids in the car
I have the bag ready I have we have a
little cooler right here
I think we're going to just go buy some
sandwiches rather than make some this
morning
and I have our little beach bag guys I
got this beach bag when we went to
Florida for like 20 bucks on Amazon and
it's the best thing that's like ever
happened to me I have another beach bag
does it get used it's this one this is
the one that I like it's the cheapest
it's the biggest and I love it
look how good that looks everything is
ready to go well golly gee willikers how
fun does this look we've got our
umbrella all set up we've got some pizza
we've got our cooler Calvin is standing
look at your go bud he's like shy don't
care I'm just gonna stand right here and
squat up and down and have a good time
are you excited yes we have pizza
yesterday we're at the house all day
today we're gonna be at the pool all day
we're gonna have some fun huh Jackson oh
yeah we're at the pool we're gonna go
down the slide again and I can't wait to
show you Jackson going under the water
that's why we brought the GoPro today
because he was so brave and went
underwater oh yes
goggles yeah and sunscreen let's go do
that
you
you
you
chucks in did you have fun at the pool
yeah were you so brave odda
yeah you jumped underwater I didn't she
wasn't so fun can you show me what it
looked like yeah that's right
that's so good I am continually more and
more impressed with how well Jackson
does in the water you guys know that he
was like afraid of it at the beginning
he didn't like going underwater ever
since the incident of 2015 yeah he is
loving the water he loves jumping in and
so I definitely think we're gonna go to
that kwatak Center more often we're
thinking about swimming lessons but I
think we missed the first deadline so
we're gonna try and hit up another one
one of these months or two or something
like that okay kids are asleep but I'm
going to get ready to cut my purple
pants into shorts all I do is I look
about where I want to wear my pants and
I cut them a little bit longer like that
you get your nifty pair scissors yes
Julie these are yours from high school
you've probably been like looking for
them forever I've got them if you want
to I'll give them back so I'm going to
cut the pants actually just a hair
longer than where the line is cuz I'll
roll it anyway so I'm going to cut those
okay this is what they look like and so
I'm just gonna roll it just a teeny bit
roll them up kill her
I think they look great that was like
cute so that's my short like huh I do
well would you look at that Calvin I am
so proud of you because you took
probably the best nap you've ever taken
this entire month such a good stinking
nap I love when the kids take good naps
good naps are good for you okay I want
you to take all of the naps that I
didn't take okay I want to cash them in
what's up what else is good for you
cuddles Oh
fennel I kind of push them now he's been
cuddling me
yes and now you have been taking a
little nap your cuddles turned into a
little nap and I want you to wake up
like this Lee I know you do
I'm not an Avril I've said that multiple
times but I'm not really a Napper
I don't nap but I read I'm a rapper but
I'm not a nepo
that's having kids if there's ever an
opportunity I dig it oh absolutely
and I agree with that 100% in fact I
probably should take my own advice to
you and taking that myself but I feel
like there's too much to do and I try
and get as much done when the kids are
napping so speaking of there's something
I need to do right now and that's go
check the mail I'm gonna go check them
out okay come on I saw a YouTube video
today about a 41 year old guy who is
picking up skateboarding and all of the
videos on his channel are about him
learning how to skateboard that's a
really cool idea I have a skateboard
well I have a long word hope and I'm not
good at it I think it would be fun to
try and pick up skateboarding back again
I mean I tried it when I was a kid I
wasn't very good my brother Nate was
really good at skateboarding but I think
I would try that I think I might go pick
up a skateboard and just try and learn
tricks again I get ollie what else could
I do pop shuvit maybe I could do one of
those but I think it'd be fun
maybe then shonduras and I could be
better friends too just kidding but
seriously a little bit I've got this
longboard but I think I should go get a
skateboard that I don't know it's just
kind of fun and I was like yeah might be
a good idea so that also reminds me to
ask your question is there anything that
you guys have always wanted to try to do
just haven't done it yet like a hobby or
a task or a skill or a sport or art or
anything like that anything that you
always wanted to do but haven't done let
me know in the comments down below if
there's anything like that for you guys
see Jackson's 2 years old and he's
already got a better handle on it than I
do
well I thought I would sneak over to the
property real quick just to get a little
update about what they have done so far
today and every time I come here I am
just blown away grateful we feel so
blessed and
this is just so amazing and I want you a
couple things in particular this right
here is going to be our fireplace and
this is like my favorite part these are
just giant windows here and it's going
to be so great because we'll still be
able to see the beautiful mountainside
behind and I just in picturing like
during the wintertime we'll be able to
see the snowfall and all of that it's
there's going to be tons of memories
made here looking out these windows and
like being able to get like binoculars
or a telescope or something like that
and seeing the Stars and the wildlife
and all of that I'm so excited about
they've even finished well for the most
part at least the garage and I'm very
excited about that like all the way back
here and then the garage entrance
through right over here just so fun and
so exciting and this is like the most
change that happens the quickest so it's
really cool for us to be here during
this short little period where they do
so much change so quickly so yeah that
was just a quick little update
I just wanted to pull over real quick
and show you guys what to change because
it's just boom change like that it's so
fun no say dead dead dead dead dead yeah
he's like I'm out of here
oh no yeah say Dada Dada Dada Dada Dada
Dada say eat my foot you're responding
to dad
calming the bubble good job keep up your
hands good job when you're clapping your
hands too young man
good job the kids insisted that they
took about the mom you guys well I don't
blame them it's a big tub isn't it
Jackson you are doing so good with
clapping and all of that but we need to
get you to say mama and Dada and you're
good at say hmm oh are you ready for bed
yeah let's get let's get ready for bed
that sounds like good good I go oh you
know what's funny is Calvin loves hugs
but he does not like to kiss give me
kiss
see all right young man we had fun at
the pool
didn't we oh my goodness we had fun at
the pool we had fun playing it's been a
really good day he took a really great
nap but now it is time for bed so grab
that binky boy it's time for night-night
thank you guys so much for watching
today's video we hope you have a
wonderful day be sure to put a big smile
on your face and we'll see you guys
tomorrow thanks for watching bye bye
