can you guys take those with oh good job
Jackson that's ten pounds of pure ice
alright boys let's see your muscles
let's take it to the car woohoo
good morning my little kids shuffle they
are I'm still framing today and it
should be an exciting day Mama's coming
down we're going to kind of have a
little party I cut up a lot of fruits
here we have a little bit of sandwiches
that we have some hand sanitizer cuz you
know no one wants to spread sickness
I've bought the kids water bottles Jared
has a little drink for the workers Jared
went and got this cooler last night
because we don't have a cooler the
cooler we have is like this big yeah
it's a cooler dad got us a brand new
cooler this would be great for summer
for whatever we do so we're gonna fill
that fill it up fill it up we're gonna
bring our pool it's gonna be so much fun
we're gonna have a fun day at the
property yes I'm gonna being there like
all day long big thanks to our friend
Tara for letting us to use her patio oh
I'll be tax my watch yes they have been
so nice to us the past few days it has
been great so mom came up to see us and
what does she do she doesn't come to me
she doesn't run to me and say hi
she runs of the Builder and she's
digging them for questions
so that's who mom likes better she likes
the Builder more than she likes me
she's digging up for questions for maybe
her future home huh no seriously mom
won't stop talking she's just a little
crush on him and it's the cute no I love
it I love that it is a beautiful
beautiful summer's day and we already
need some more ice so I have brought
along two little helpers here with me
but we've got to go find some ice okay
boys do you think you can help me find
some ice yeah okay where do you think we
need to go to find some ice
haha this big box right here I think
there's ice but guess what there's a
little bit of a dilemma there's a lock
on it oh it's actually not really locked
but we should probably pay for the ice
first time let's go pay for the ice and
we'll go put it in the cooler ready boys
let's go okay Jackson can you hold this
one good job and Cody you hold this one
can you guys take those wood oh good job
Jackson that's ten pounds of pure ice
alright boys let's see your muscles
let's take it to the car whoo-hoo hey
mr. Calvin hey do you want to go on a
walk with Daddy
yeah he looks over legs look at his foot
it's just like me I'm just gonna hold it
right here that's not all though we've
got someone on the caboose here
oh hey Boston you're not the caboose
we've got Jackson okay he just climbed
in this little basket here and we're
gonna go on a little walk with all the
kids does that sound fun guys let's go
on a little walk not only are we going
on a walk we have a little security
detail with us - we've got bouncers Cody
and Boston here on the side making sure
that Calvin and Jackson stays safe is
that right Cody are you a bouncer Cal
just want to naked yeah yeah Boston are
you a bouncer yeah yeah Oh Jackson are
you a bouncer - okay that's hilarious
this is such a beautiful day we're
taking the kids on a little relaxing
walk ah enjoying the ready set go
was that fun yeah do you want to see
something amazing Ellie are you ready
for this this is our upstairs floor
isn't that insane
look this is it this is where the stairs
will be and the staircase is my absolute
favorite I think that's why you fell in
love with the plan
why so this is our core this is a part
oh my gosh front door it's backwards to
me still this will be my office right
here this side right here will be the
office our bedroom wait
we are backwards I'm backwards too the
plans are reversed from each other so
I'm like totally flip-flop this is the
office yes this is the office right here
this is a bedroom right here our bedroom
no this is the front that front bedroom
because it has that nook and then this
is a closet and then our bedroom Oh our
bedrooms back yeah and then technically
our bathrooms back there so this will be
Calvin's room right here closet bedroom
bathroom dining room kitchen area and
then out to the patio Ellie this is
coming together so well I can't wait me
to go pick out our railing soon you are
so excited to do that this is crazy to
me they are even going to start putting
up walls and the upstairs today these
guys work so fast this is one of our
walls that when they get back they're
going to put up I'm glad that were
filming this is gonna be so fun to look
that my mom was looking through pictures
of when her and dad built and it's fun
for them to look back but like I think
it'll be that much more fun front of
that you see us walking on there oh yeah
our hands look I don't have too many
wrinkles yeah so our friends have left
us with a trampoline they've left us
with a hose they've left us with some
water and they told us whenever you want
to get this trampoline wet and you want
to jump on it you just go ahead and do
it you guys want to jump on the
trampoline when it's all wet do you guys
want to jump on the trampoline
you
you
the kids are all playing and some of the
neighborhood kids are on the trampoline
playing the guys are back from their
lunch break Jackson just came up and
decided he wanted to play in the dirt
and the guys are just getting ready to
put the first wall up on the upstairs so
much get let's get ready for that hey
you excited to see this look at them go
yeah we are just about to take off but
before we knew they are going to lift up
this wall and I want to show you the
girls it is so cool gonna close off this
entire side of the house and I am so
excited yeah buddy
thinking cool well guys the day started
off awesome it was so great we went to
the property had a great time watching
the builders build had a great time on
the trampoline had a great time playing
in the water but then something terrible
happened I ripped my pants yes it is sad
but it is true I am actually really
upset because I had these shorts forever
I've had over years and years and they
finally ripped they were just getting
too old and everything so I think I need
to go to the store find some new shorts
and I think I'm gonna take this little
guy with me are you gonna be my little
helper today huh yes okay let's go
we're gonna go right here you ready yay
so the thing that kills me is that those
were my favorite pair shorts I've had
those last through a bunch of different
other kind so it's gonna be like hard to
replace it
you know what I mean Kelvin can you have
to replace so I'm just kind of going
through a bunch of different kind see
what I can find and see if I like any of
it it's gonna be a tough shop and that's
the thing is like I have a really hard
time shopping because I like a very
particular thing and it's hard to find
replacements for that you know what I
mean okay Ellie I left with a mission
and I knew it was gonna be a hard
mission I ripped my shorts today and I
have the hardest time finding any
clothes that I like and the ones I do
find I hang on to for a long long time
so when I rip my pants well I'm happy to
say that my mission was successful do
you want to see him yeah okay okay all
right I will do a fashion show okay now
as promised before we get to my fashion
show or what have you I have a surprise
for mommy and for Jackson okay Jackson
you want to see your surprise yeah okay
your surprise is this you want mommy to
have a sucker - okay well mommy has a
little different surprise are you ready
to see it
now for my fashion adventure I want to
show you these shorts right here well
what do you think do you like them
because they looks in their slim and
they got the cargo and they're
breathable and they're nice and they fit
and I got a shirt too whoa now for your
surprise Ellie
the first one I thought it would just be
kind of fun so here's this yeah what do
you like it the second one this one this
one is really bold this will go by the
back and then last but not least this is
more for me than it is for you okay boom
oh no yeah yeah I found it cucumber
melon is like my favorite bath and
Bodyworks smell and so every time they
have it I get it for Ellie so she can
wear it so I literally can smell her is
that weird it might be a little bit
weird and one last thing I got some more
I'm from Bath and Body Works um guess
how much all of that Bath & Body Works
cost
no like 20 bucks I got like everything
more than 50% off it was so cool boom
shopping done you guys ready for dinner
oh let's see your thing do you like him
yeah I didn't look at you like him to
Jensen he looks so good
cool moonwalk oh yeah oh yeah look at
that bum
I love okay guys we're all together
singing baa baa black sheep we just had
dinner big day we're gonna go ahead and
say goodbye thank you guys so much for
watching this house process thank you
guys for coming along we'll see you guys
tomorrow bye
