today is a very exciting day today they
are framing our house Jarrod's get and
ready I got the kids a little bag ready
to go we've got water treats diapers
wipes we're ready to go the kids are all
dressed they're sharing some crackers
we're gonna go to the property Kim here
oh don't take my readiness and quickly
getting out of bed as I feel good I
don't I took the kids and I do the
doctor's last week and Calvin had an ear
infection
Jax's ear was irritated and then he said
I had a little bit of fluid in mine but
he said he figured it would drain but it
hasn't and I just I feel awful like
yesterday morning me felt awful today
falafels i spruced up to buy myself a
letter and you know we're going we're
doing so I'm really cool and fun today
but I'm definitely gonna call him and
try and get some antibiotics or
something because I don't feel very well
the thing that I wanted most out of our
backyard was a big enough place where we
could like throw a baseball around or
throw a football where the dog can run
around I think we've got just that with
this look look Ellie I've got the
baseball right here ready did you catch
it
ah got it I'm so excited and this is
just like the flat Park we've still got
a bunch of area up and behind that dirt
like underneath it once they remove that
there's still a bunch over there you
want to hold the baseball okay ready
I've got it right here can't take the
baseball okay can you throw it to Lowa
throw it oh did you catch it
good catch Jackson wishes there's a
slide here so he's making his own oh do
you do the splits whoo Oh does light on
your belly that's gonna hurt
crazy look at that
I couldn't even catch him they just did
it so fast I just put that one up they
put that one up right there these guys
are working so fast it's so cool and
amazing to see this what a crazy moment
that was I can't believe how fast they
were working the basement is pretty much
all the way frame it is insane this is
where it's feeling real to me like you
can see the bedrooms you can see the
basement like to me is like this house
is definitely coming together now and it
feels so real like this is our house and
I'm so excited we just got home and we
put the kids down for a late nap and I'm
gonna get some work done around the
house all these parents are gonna come
as soon as Ellie's dad is off work and
we're going to show them the property
I'm so excited we're building a house
because like you get to see every single
moment from like the digging of the hole
to the framing of the house they're
gonna do the trusses the roof I'm
excited about the roof because I
actually know what they're doing so I'm
pretty excited about that tool can you
come see me you're excited go slow so
you can walk good
come here you did come here come see me
okay just a second come here look look
this will get her friends yeah something
that I already am loving about summer is
the light naps and staying up late I
didn't really experience that it that
much last year just because I feel like
I'm not pregnant and Jackson still low
we just still you know check now it's
went to bed earlier whatever but like
just this summer already we've all has
stayed up late we've all had taken late
naps and I've just really liked it like
yesterday
for Sunday dinner being at Jared's
parents house it was like not to almost
9:00 that we left and they
that's right happy and playing and
running it just it felt like summer it
was really fun Calvin seriously has been
so funny like he's so funny on now you
wanna crawl there we go I wanna show you
I'm playing with this toy that was so
funny
yes that's what you were doing for a
while until you jumped up on me I have a
little secret
well actually Ellie has a little secret
today and I want to tell you a quick
little story so we got up this morning
and Ellie was getting dressed and
everything I was like Ellie those shorts
are so stinking cute like I've never
seen you wear them before and I just
thought they were the best like look how
cute those are well it comes to find out
that Ellie actually never bought these
shorts tell me what you did I stole that
oh we said see girls like I'm always
ready
I bought these like in December these
are pair of like purpley pants yeah I
wore the purple pants once these still
had the tag on I was looking to return
home I thought oh maybe next winter
they'll fit better I don't know it fit
very good and this morning I woke up and
I was just like I seriously have no
shorts and I remembered these so I cut
the pants off so these were pants and
you gotta cut him and I just rolled them
just to teeny and I just like I thought
that was so cute and like so fun and
stay tuned for tomorrow because I could
have purple shirts well I was just gonna
say I she said she's gonna do it again I
want you to film at this time because I
was like that was so fun okay I got my
purple ones tomorrow don't I look good
but I like them they're comfy but his
pant I just like them yeah oh my gosh
that was so good so happy but a little
stinker we have Genet yeah yeah
I'm covered my hair is real ruinous oh
he's doing it to Italy he just rolled
over to you he sees that you're good
isn't doing it oh this is the cutest
little place I've ever he's rollin to
well guess what I am crawling into what
could be your bathroom this is your
bedroom yeah oh my goodness great I
don't know what bedroom yet is gonna be
Jared any idea I don't speak out oh my
goodness you get all wait what house
let's walk through and show them what we
got already okay dad and mom drove up on
dad's motorcycle and came in to see the
house and grandmas gonna come back
tomorrow morning not only see the house
but specifically talked to the Builder
because they're putting out there
friends okay so this will be the
staircase so Jared you show us through
so you walk down here and then you turn
here and this is like a big storage area
or all probably our filming room and
you've got a cold storage underneath
there so this is where Jared I are
probably to film all of our videos and
this is where like our emergency
preparedness stuff will go our food
storage our water supply everything will
go under under the what does that called
porch so we've got a bedroom right there
with two big ol windows which we love
which we added that window actually that
originally didn't have a window right
there and then this is a bedroom right
here this is where Bryan and Missy and
Colin and Katie can stay or your kids we
have lumber parties this is the bathroom
yeah where you go potty okay this is
probably going to be Jackson's room yes
and I think it all just kind of depends
on how we feel this is the biggest room
so we may want this to be like a guest
room but I kind of always envisioned
this one being Jackson's but let's just
see but good size room yeah this is a
big bedroom this is going to be where
the TV and stuff goes this is under the
stairs where the kids are going to have
a little play area and then back here
not yet we'll be a ping-pong table Jared
but right here I have
add like a kids area like a kids little
table and like maybe a shelf with toys
like this is just kind of going to be
like a play area and a ping-pong table
for dad okay and table for dad so that
is our basement and oh and this is a big
closet is this for the closet is yes
this is like a storage area where like
games and movies and blankets I did this
all the day they were super fast yeah
what do you think is this your room are
you excited Jackson can you say we must
protect this house yeah Jackson played
with his friends all day today we
there's tons of friends in the area and
he's been playing and having fun like
this is home feels like home whoa if we
had our 3d glasses on that would have
been scary the ball came right for us
yay whoa good job look at that ball whoa
good here yeah I've got my eye on the
ball swing Jackson swing swing hard so
Jarrod thinks that this is called adult
pizza or that we said or all pizza
justice is old person pizza but
everybody's eating it but you I just
have a classic pepperoni pizza you can't
go wrong with the pepperoni pizza just a
party pizza and we're having a party
well this is what we don't get much in
our house and we also don't get cocoa
puffs very much in our house and those
are two things that I like a lot that we
don't get a lot that we need more of I
can agree with that I'm calling dibs a
little bit more on the pizza and the
cereal and our household mom and dad are
here eating pizza with us we just looked
at the house thanks for the pizza
Jackson's over there playing with his
little barbecue I feel like today's just
been a big party like all day long just
watching them frame the house and now
we're having our pizza party with our
family afterwards it's been a fun day
we're gonna party too right
I just got off the phone with um
jacksonville friend my friends the
neighbor by the house I was like we have
a little kitty pool tomorrow can we
bring it and let the kids play so
Jackson this little friend is gonna play
in it I think Bonnie and the kids are
gonna come over hold another party
tomorrow while they frame the house I
think they're gonna do some stuff on the
top floor it's becoming so real and I
love it I love it
it was so fun talking with the Builder
it's I only wanna say builder he's like
our family and I love it if you guys so
much for watching we'll see you guys
tomorrow
popsicles and all good bye bye
