happy Father's Day happy Father's Day
boys thank you Ellie oh we have not
filmed all today
it is dinner time we all have been like
laying around everybody's head our life
ravi ravi granted thank you so we all
have just a little full saving a big
pulsating headache so J resting all day
daddy's eating daddy's subbu daddy
keeping bad day keeping watch X and I
was just beautiful did you make that
high by yourself oh and they got up all
by yourself that's so great roof even
just getting out of the house brushing
my teeth doing my hair especially I look
good but I feel a little bit better I'm
such a nerd oh and I I actually feel a
little bit better we've got our dessert
we're going inside we're gonna have
Father's Day at my dad's house doesn't
that look delicious
let's go happy Father's Day to you thank
you happy Father's Day to you thank you
thank you Abby Martin a did daddy had a
Father's Day to you well thank you how
are you I am amazing thank you come on
you guys are the sweetest how did that
next day oh that is just the sweetest
ever when we came out Bonnie and Jill
pulled up right behind us oh dear
announcing hi Jackson oh happy Father's
Day Uncle Jared and it was just the
sweetest thing you were just the
sweetest kid aren't you do you know that
that could have been disastrous right
there so dad tell me what is on the menu
tonight
yeah that looks so good it is going to
be a possum this is like Father's Day
right here grill it outside and we've
got baseball let's see it Olivia
baseball whoa that's at least a double
she's going out there possum first base
so she's no she's grabbing the ball
she's taking the ball from someone else
I can't take it anymore alright Jackson
you're up okay Jackson let's see it whoa
good swing oh my gosh that's actually a
real baseball that's not that's not the
fake one
you hit her so far that's a great bud
well that was a little unexpected and
nice Oh mom it's got some heft to it it
does there's some weight to it Oh Calvin
you look so different
you shrunk you see look you kind of look
like Joel oh hi guys
this is so fun mom and dad invited
everyone over for dinner for Father's
Day dinner oh oh
top and Jay that's so cute Oh cute
love you can have this one cuz I know
you like that's so fun thanks mom if you
don't quit racing it you could put money
and take my spare change that's fun it's
a great idea
ready set go go go baby's gonna be just
ah babies go oh my golly oh he's past
halfway next oh there you go oh fast you
came in for a good brother oh we were
all outside and Jared is bringing
something out to show the kids and thank
you to our very sweet viewer we met her
at CVX and became friends she was taking
all our pictures that we loved she sent
this for the kids so we are going to
keep it at Grandma and Grandpa's house
for everyone to play with so Jared's
bringing it out right now are you ready
I love it what is it Cody hug real
agreement set it up don't love it
absolutely you remember from CVX lives a
photographer yeah she sent this this
isn't that so sweet yeah Thank You
Natasha then the hammock is being used
he loved it we love it Oh baby trap
today on it all right Jackson with this
last piece grill is complete and ready
for cooking you know what I was thinking
as you're putting the stickers on I used
to have a little tykes like big grill or
something
go stickers last year's yeah you don't
peel them off if you don't rip them off
like I did look I know I think I made
one mistake
I might as well just throw away like on
old toys and stuff you always see the
sticker so there I mean obviously the
kids forgot him but twelve crawling now
I bet Calvin's gonna try and crawl in
there he's trying to get in there I
can't
the Calvin has some tricks if you will
you want some more cake clap your hands
okay now can you blow bubbles hey he
just did it
Oh some bubbles oh there we go
he bends down and blow as if he's in the
tub the first time he did it you went to
blow bubbles when we're cannibals
they're good yeah he loves doing that in
the bathtub he blows bubbles tons in the
tub okay okay okay okay okay Margate
this is so cute I came up here to grab
Jackson to get a little picture and I
can't bear to take him out right now
look at all the kids Olivia did you put
that in there I went digging use let me
to put well I put her feet on end and I
definitely you you just relax put your
feet how cute is that vo love it they're
just gonna eat their stuff I'm going to
go down the sidewalk just flashed
everyone with them
chicken-and-egg situate it up I think
we're good now
um Bob's phone happy Father's Day thank
you
hope you've had a good day I have it's
been really really enjoyable just
spending time with family and despite
our little sickness you are such a good
patient dad I love you thank you I love
you too
you've got to be kidding me look at that
kid look at him go yay he has done this
like ten times today where he has taken
ten steps on his own so today is
Father's Day obviously and I sent out a
tweet and I said the video is uploading
while you're waiting for it to upload go
give your dad a hug and tell him happy
Father's Day and I got some stuff some
tweets back that definitely made me
think that sometimes I don't realize how
blessed I am and how lucky I am to have
my dad here with me right now to have
him where we live now and to have the
relationship that we do I saw some
people tweet I would go give my dad a
hug except he's not with us anymore
or I you know my dad passed away last
year and it just made me think about my
dad and how his dad passed away um how
old was he 55 you were 29 and your dad
was 55 I'm 28 and my dad is 65 so I've
had you ten years longer than then you
had your debt and much longer than some
people without their debt and I know
there's a lot of you guys who don't have
your dad with you and that today might
be hard to go through because your dad
isn't around or anything but I want you
guys to know that there are people out
there who loved you and are thinking
about you especially during these these
times I am so grateful for my dad and
what he means to me and what he does for
me every single day and the person that
he's brought me up to be with my mom I
just I'm so grateful for my parents and
especially Ellie's parents to our
parents they raised us and shape us into
who
we are and I'm grateful for Ellie's
parents and Ellie's dad for bringing her
out the way that she is I don't know I
just hope there's some solace in that
whether we have our dad with us or mom
with us or not that we have control over
a lot of that stuff as well and we can
be the person that we want to be or that
our parents would have liked us to be
and to be the best that you can be you
know these little moments you go through
make you realize how blessed you
actually are and today I definitely feel
that so I hope you guys are having a
wonderful Father's Day with your family
because I know I am and that is it for
the day happy Father's Day to my
wonderful dad I love you so much happy
Father's Day Jared and dad Meachem we
love you guys
time to say goodbye did you buy this
year that was gross biggie melilla yeah
okay we'll see you guys tomorrow bye
