so Ellie has just been like watching him
and taking care of him and they are out
on the hammock right now and is the
cutest thing I've ever seen I've got to
show you right now look how cute these
guys are oh my gosh how sweet are they
how sweet are they Oh young man do you
want to go swing on the hammock too
yeah okay we'll go out here in a second
good morning happy Saturday guys we are
having a cuddle fest this morning and
not just a cuddle fest a tickle fest are
we even having a tickle fest today yes
yes and having Dodd fly off the Chico
Festival watching mercy write songs
which are my favorite having a good
morning I love Saturdays I love days
like this right last thing on the song
you learned
oh yes I love mornings like this just
like literally laying on the floor
jammies everywhere Sting's like poopy
diapers don't love that
we're just playing sing in ticklin
you guys just love to dance don't you
well it's just a compilation video it's
cute you guys love to dance
watching these kids at the fair
yesterday when all the music was playing
was like one of my favorite things ever
dad even came out to me he's like these
kids have the music and Jared and I'm so
excited to see what they do when they
grow up with the music it's gonna be so
much fun
guys guess what it's a beautiful day the
sun is shining
oh prison cuz there's Santa Claus on the
TV my god we might go to the pool should
we go to the pool today you want to go
swim okay
I think we can do that but first we've
got some very important activities that
we need to take care of before we go dad
has to work on a couple things okay guys
okay mom
hey can dad do that first Jackson could
that do that first Collins film better
we never even told you guys but Calvin
had a really bad ear infection and yeah
he is just starting to be he is getting
better are you feeling better young man
yeah so we drove over to my parents
house to take care of a few things today
and Jackson fell asleep in the car and
he is just so stinking cute and when he
woke up he was a little bit ornery so
Ellie has just been like watching him
and taking care of him and they are out
on the hammock right now and is the
cutest thing I've ever seen I've got to
show you right now look how cute these
guys are oh my gosh he's just a little
ornery and that's all but he's loving
that how sweet are they how sweet are
they and then we've got this guy right
here are you upset that I put you down
for two seconds is that what it is you
want me to pick you back up
you've got your swimming suit on I think
that means we should go to the pool here
in a minute
Oh young man do you want to go swing on
the hammock too yeah okay we'll go out
here in a second I feel like my day
could be complete because I have been
able to snuggle both kids today as I'm
going on a walk because all Jackson
wants is to go on a walk one walk we
swung and now we're going on a walk
again
and I have the kids in here and their
card talking to each other but like I
love being a mom
this is this is where I've always wanted
I love to snuggle my kids I feel like
kids
I say no enough to the kids and
especially as they get older you know
I'm gonna tell them no I'm never going
to say no to hugs and snuggles like I
like to rock my kids to sleep do I
always rock up sleep no Jackson doesn't
always want to be rocked to sleep same
with Calvin but but if they want to be
wrapped to sleep I welcome if they want
to be held I hold them you know it's
like those are the things that I don't
think all I ever say no to I love to
love them I mean I know all parents
loved about their kids by just no no I
went on a walk and I just really feel
grateful for my kids
I really feel grateful that I am their
mom and they are my kids and Jared's
work as his dad and I love Jared and I
just I'm so proud of how hard he works
life is really fun right now life is
really good right now I feel very very
blessed I especially feel blessed that I
have two healthy happy kids this is life
I could do this every day I could do the
same thing every day and my life would
be fulfilled I feel very fulfilled right
now with my two baby boys and after I
just said all that I just realized haha
I probably said Phil not feel whatever I
don't I think it's kind of funny how how
others pick up on how like I how I talk
and how my siblings talk and stuff
that's just just how we are
that's how we are we feel it we fill it
up we fill our feelings that we have the
field I don't know it's all the same to
me sale sale tomato tomato
whatever
what did you think of the lot did you
like it Oh pull you know go to the pork
a like even Callaway except we'll go
okay Oh God Italian grandma's grass I'll
go get us a snack okay all right we've
all got our swimsuits on Jackson are you
ready we are going to hit up the pool
and I'm so excited you ready to go Cal
yeah he has been so vocal lately do I
want to take the kids here I've never
been here before and I'm very excited
there's tons of people here Saturday you
ready let's go
what are you thinking do you like the
bull this is so fun we should've brought
our GoPro but we didn't we're having a
lot of funders hanging out jackson is
actually putting his face under the
water which he did out in florida and
all he's actually like being a little
bit more brave so it's been fun to see
the kids kind of grow can we take a
second to appreciate Calvin's hair look
at all the hair that he has in the back
and it is blond go blonde there's even
some red in there oh my goodness look at
that hair Wow look happy you were just a
little too confident this healthy he was
crawling under the water and would put
his face in a little bit and then he got
really confident and like tolling
nosedived in the water with her team at
Chuck he is a very confident go with
that water
we were so spoiled with the Florida
weather it's hot here today it's like 90
degrees outside yeah being out of the
pool it was like you were cold well it
became air the wind was blowing really
hard and it's a cold wind but the
weather outside is hot so like you get
this nice warm beautiful water and you
stand up you're like what oh yeah it was
call especially at the wind yep yeah I'm
spoiled from the Florida weather for
sure but that was really fun next time
we'll bring the GoPro but it was really
fun just to like give the family and
play got home from the pool check kids
got a bath check fed kids dinner check
and check Calvin is in bed check it a
check it's Saturday night so we're
letting Jackson stay up a little bit
later in Jackson and mommy
open your eyes mommy are watching a
movie what movie are you gonna watch um
Nemo and you guys are gonna have fun on
the couch and daddy is gonna go get to
work okay you're gonna close your eyes
and go to sleep okay Jackson mommy's
gonna close her eyes and go to sleep is
that what you want to do - OH
movies already started he's distracted
so we are going to call it a night guys
we had such a great Saturday it was so
much fun being with the family today
getting some work done at mom and dad's
house and having some fun at the pool
tomorrow today for you guys tomorrow for
us is Father's Day to all the fathers
out there happy Father's Day and thank
you for all that you have done to make
this world a much more enjoyable place I
am so grateful for my dad and I can't
wait to spend tomorrow with him it's
gonna be a great day
thank you guys so much for watching and
we will see you guys in our next video
which is tomorrow bye
