okay my cute little babies you look so
good check sorry sensei just find your
man yeah and Calvin say caterpillar baby
I certainly hope I'm not the only one
who's missing DVE jck summer vacay right
now we seriously had a blast in Florida
and I'm missing it like crazy Ellie I am
I want to go over some of the things
that we did to keep ourselves and me
especially entertained during the long
flight Jackson we had an iPad for him
that we loaded on some movies like
Zootopia and wreck-it Ralph and he loved
those and Calvin and Jackson had those
toys that Ellie showed you earlier like
the dinosaur toys and the superhero toys
and they loved those me myself I
actually just played some games on my
phone that I really liked the game that
I've been playing the most lately is
best fiends I actually found out about
this game from Brian and Missy and Aspen
and Parker watching their vlogs so I
downloaded the free app myself and I've
actually been enjoying it quite a bit I
have all of these characters here I
filled up my row yes Missy I filled up
the entire row you basically have these
characters that are trying to defend
their land from these gosh-darn giant
slugs here and you just kind of swipe up
around match all the icons and then they
attack the slugs and get rid of them and
it's amazing it's a fun game for the
summer and this weekend best fiends is
celebrating the Father's Day by giving
out a free gift when you play on June
19th so plays during the summer but
don't play it at the dinner table guys
are supposed to be with your family but
play it other than that it's gonna be
great I'll have a link to download it
for free in the description box so make
sure you check it out and thanks the
best fiends for sponsoring this video
well if the kids don't have swords to
fight with they'll use their water
bottles to fight with good guys today is
already been fun Jared and I have a
really fun day for the family to do um I
remember a few years back when Ellen
announced that she was going to be
fighting it would be finding dory yeah I
was so excited the movies out and we're
taking the kids and we're gonna have fun
I'm really excited Jackson are you ready
to go see the movie what movie are we
get see
yeah finally nine for you to get popcorn
and we're going to watch a movie and
Calvin loves movies and I assume he'll
sit and watch movie maybe and fall
asleep if not I'll just take him out
we're going to the earliest showing
possible so I'm expecting tons of kids
tons of fun in just a really good time
Thanks are you ready to go let's go to
the movie yes let's go to the movies all
right Jackson there it is are you
excited to go see it you excited to get
some popcorn yeah a little bit well
don't I feel like a horse's patoot I
totally took us to the wrong theater and
I was like uh isn't there showing like
right now and they're like no art sure
our showings in an hour I'm like oh crap
we're at the wrong theater so try
explaining to your kids that you went to
the movie think there's I've got to get
back in the car okay we're going boys I
promise we're going to the theater right
now okay saddle up partner we're going
ready I woke up I see a movie you guys
excited yeah Calvin's excited you ready
buddy let's go find dory Jackson we're
gonna go find dory I think Joey's this
way come on let's go let's go find oi
mama come on let's go find nori I think
doors this way you see boy do you see it
let's go
bye job guys I think we've done it again
we've got the old theatre to ourselves
as of right this very second I think
we've got some guests come in little
girls I've never at the friends yeah the
mom it's like you're twins yeah it's so
fun Jackson can you believe how big that
screen is that a big TV yeah he's so
distracted already he loves it oh I'm so
excited
yeah we're gonna find him alive boom
here we go are you ready jack
we're watching out
Jaxson what did you think of the movie
did you like it did you like the Nebo
one yeah did you see finding dory yeah
was it good oh you had popcorn at the
movie that was so good what else did you
have at the movie dory that's right
Jackson on a scale of one to ten how
would you rate finding Dory oh good I'm
glad you liked it
really really good during the movie I
was so impressed there was only like
what 15 people in the theater but the
kids just had a really really great time
Calvin did awesome Jackson did awesome
so I think we might start taking them to
more kid movies like that especially
early in the day it's just really really
fun would you like a little update on
the house we just pulled up to the
property just to see what has changed
already so much Ellie was here earlier
this morning when they drop all of this
stuff and she filmed some stuff on her
phone so I'll I'll put that footage in
here right now but it's just so cool to
see what they can do in like one single
day they poured all of this this morning
like our our basement floor isn't that
so cool and it's setting right now and
oh my gosh holy crap they did some more
excavating up here too this is awesome
look at this do you guys remember there
was a bunch of dirt right here
completely level how awesome is this
these guys are just so good at what they
do and they're so quick we're having a
backyard we have a basement floor coming
along really great
would you like an update I'm so bunny
bye-bye house we rats are fast where we
are walking around looking at
and Jackson saw the discussin got their
face painted and he really wanted to get
his penis I'm anxious to see how he does
but you wanna get your face painted what
do you want them to paint on it you want
spider-man let's go see what they have
okay you can choose what one do you want
them to pay on your face okay that's
what Jackson's going to do and I think
we're gonna do that for Calvin who are
you gonna be Billy oh I don't know this
one right here No are you ready hold
real still and he'll paint spider-man on
your face okay yes first time yeah don't
rub it don't over here let's keep your
hands down good job you can laugh it
tickles just don't touch it can you see
what they're doing
good job oh that's cool like that cool
we're gonna go on your nose now oh yeah
you could be a superhero it is that's
you your superhero I don't know it's
cuter the spider-man face or that you're
holding really still Oh over there he's
doing so good
you know that like do you like it you're
gonna fight crime now that close out the
ticket yeah it is right and what's this
kid getting we're gonna do a little
caterpillar yeah Wow can you see right
here Calvin that looks great perfect
kay my cute little babies you look so
good I love that you just that's a
spider-man yeah and Calvin say
caterpillar baby thank you sir
look at this they are turtles should we
get a little turtle for our turn and I
think it'd be really fun what do you
think Calvin come sweet would that be
into the turtle then every time I look
at it I would think of you another look
at this too that he makes yes so we have
a youtube channel what's your website
www.plenous.com and how and where he's
made out of cuz they're so cool fine let
free pewter i melted with a soldering
iron one drop at a time and I freehand
build sculpture awesome well this would
go right next to Grandma's Pig she'll
love it
love it cute little kale love this this
is so fun to see every run in the toilet
like there's something like only court
Newars here so cool
I love this there's tons of kids just
running and playing in Jackson run along
along he's like one of the guys now yeah
so everyone's playing tag though and so
it's like Kepler other kids all hitting
he's never hit so I'm just like all he's
gonna call me star anything he's still
learning the tag aspects yeah but is
having so much fun he's like dogpiling
on people god I love it this is like
what summers all about isn't it young
man oh my god I totally forgot to end
the vlog we got the kids in bed and we
are going to call it a night
thank you guys so much for watching the
video we've got a really a fun day plan
for tomorrow so make sure you guys are
subscribed so you can see that and we
will see you guys tomorrow
thanks for watching bye
