hey Ellie I'm ready
okay you have not been like this for a
few years what happened I slept on the
couch with Calvin just because he was up
all night last night it was terrible and
I got up and I was like oh my gosh I
can't walk and that's your right one yet
Jarrod had a reconstructive surgery like
if you guys didn't know but today we
have a whole day plan plans may
dramatically change we will see how it
goes it's the thing I'm not knowing the
way that we expected them to go this
morning but we are going to keep our
chins up and we our hips down it has
been a really long time since I actually
sat down and got really ready like
eyeshadow everything decked out like
highlighter contour and so I'm just
gonna show you guys a few of the things
that I use today for our date tonight if
we go depending on how everyone feels
I've talked about this a lot in my
videos but I've used the Born This Way
Foundation I've used my favorite blush
I've talked about I've got my eyebrows
all set I use my Laura Mercier setting
powder and this new goody the Anastasia
highlighting powders I used that and
then my makeup geek eyeshadows I just
used one shade and then I actually used
this which I've hardly ever used as the
morphe Jacqueline Hill palette I think
but I use this on my lid and then a few
of these and the creases and stuff so I
am set to go today all I have to do is
get my hair done which actually it's due
for a trim so I'm going to go get my
hair I think touched up and trim today
and I am going to be all ready for my
date tonight
I know exactly when my head feels the
way that it does the way that when I was
thinking about it I was like oh
duh when I was a kid before and all my
hit problems and everything I love
sleeping with my legs in the floor so I
had one leg straight like oh I say four
okay I have four legs with my hip I
can't do this anymore
uh-huh so putting it down to lay down
hurts a lot and that's how I slept last
night like out on the couch my leg just
slowly slowly went down and down and
down and basically got stuck there and
so my hip and the pin just we're not
agreeing with each other for hours but I
already feel better and that's how I can
tell just because I know exactly what
putting my legs like that feels like I'm
like oh yeah that's exactly what it is
it's really no big deal like probably
dull pain all day though yeah yeah
that's that's just that's how that's how
it is every day like that's how it is
everything is Jared and the almost seven
years we've been married
he has never been one to complain like I
asked him how is your hip how are you
feeling I've asked him in a long time it
you usually Jared does ever say oh my
hip hurts Abe every time I ask him every
time he says it hurts like Jared isn't
paying a lot and I I think that you are
a really strong person thank you it's
just something that I've got to deal
with you know it's just there it's like
a mosquito like yeah so Jared and I are
doing a date night tonight
but tomorrow we have a date night with
Jack Wow we have a very special toy and
if this gives you any hints what we're
doing tomorrow let us know in the
comments below well you
we're doing with Jackson tomorrow you
put the bubbles in here for him
is that cool no point get mama with
bubbles whoa those are actually really
big bubbles what do you do you like it
what do you think about it okay let's
see it I'll pop them up so normally when
you come and get your hair cut relax you
don't get away from the kids but no I
never get away from the kids they follow
me everywhere uh-huh mom and I were just
meeting to get our hair done I decided I
think today I'm just gonna get it
trimmed and not colored so just get a
shape and make ourselves beautiful so I
told my friend Natalie that next time I
get pregnant I am pretty sure I am going
to book out once a week for the 40 weeks
that I'm pregnant for her to just wash
my hair blow-dry it that sounds about
right
it's like that our pedicures I don't
know which one I like more I think we
should do both I think both they're a
great idea I am Bob good okay let's see
your new deal
Grady does not so good love it
remember our dates before kids oh yes oh
it was your great written date that was
honestly one of my favorite dates we
literally would walk around Best Buy and
we would go eat at Texas Roadhouse and
connect go for big binge watch no we're
going around Best Buy I felt really good
leaving the kids I really love the girl
that's watching them and the kids are
hot good naps
oh boy really really great naps I'm like
Calvin actually sleeping this is like
the best ever Kaylee I'm ready I was
amazing
that was awesome okay this is
left-handed so it's not gonna be that
great I'll catch it okay ready that
means we're gonna have a really great
day today huh yeah gosh darn it darn it
darn it darn it we were just looking at
the footage of us throwing those little
gummy bears into our mouth and I we
totally both missed like all right
they're filming yeah we got the gummies
in the mouth I miss filming both of us I
feel like a horse's punana now you can
see at the gun we got the gummies we got
the guts and we're raring to go
guys we have a really fun date tonight
I'm really excited I should preface it
okay you go ahead and preface up the
reason why I should preface it is
because I planned the date you did it
was Father's Day and I'll tell you when
we get there
it's Father's Day this Sunday yes and so
this date is involving that yes happy
Father's Day I thought because Father's
Day was on Sunday it would be fun to
take the dads that I love most Jared yes
dad
dad to dinner so I made the code so
we're all gonna go to dinner
to try this out again we went here a
while is our minor version that we have
here at Cal yeah we went to the elements
it's a place here locally and we just
ordered the wrong thing everyone raves
about how good it is but we just got the
wrong - Calvin yeah would you look at
these guys right here he's for these
guys raised us you know that's why we
have nice cheese oh my goodness they
said this was a fresh salad but this is
to another level
like it it must taste like garlic le
there is a bug in my salad you she's
crawling around maybe no my hair is too
perfect to have a bug falling through
look at that a little bug no just
kidding
so is it a winged creature yes it looks
like a winged creature so the gland I
don't know no I'm fine with I'm full
with the salad I appreciate it though
think a yeah
dessert is interesting we have a bug in
our salad we have a blue and chocolate
and then cool mom
it's a good Wow cool looks yummy yeah
now we're going to take mom and dad and
mom and dad we're gonna go up to the
property and show them what everyone has
done
we're so excited I can't wait purple the
girls they poured our garage floor today
look at that mom and dad are here I'm
just showing them mom and dad are coming
too we're just showing them what they've
done to the yard what are you so if you
come up the side of our yard you'll come
up into the back yard and right here is
going to be the kids play area and right
here they're going to build like a
retaining rock wall and there should be
a little plate hobbit house inside of
the rock wall right there
yeah so the kids can play under there
and then this is our back patio area and
right here will be our fire pit and hot
tub just right here we just climbed up
under the cat okay so now I can see it
better that will all be just we could
plant trees and stuff for privacy
there's a little nook right there that
we can plant some stuff I think he's
gonna level that out all the way through
until it flattens out and then we have
like this whole area that will be flat
for us all to play and our dog to run
run and play baseball and the kids is
play areas right there here's the rock
wall and then that bottom portion will
all be like just us playing isn't this
fun and then we still have oh that our
chicken coop will be over there like it
all Mart look at our parents down there
are they kissing down there and our yard
will still be able to have a slope
enough just let down for a winter like
look at all that the kids will be able
to spud down till we actually move in I
think I am most excited for the yard
like I'm just as excited for the yard
than I am the house what are you most
excited for I'm
oh my gosh I just asked mom and dad I
said you're gonna come over and have
s'mores with us when we have the fire
pit right I just think having people
over hanging out with our family and
friends and being in my office yeah your
office office is gonna be so cool I
think I'm excited for the yard just
because it'll be fun for me the kids a
dog like what about me I guess in you
can I come yeah can I be involved in
this can my name be on the deed of the
house well it's ours you know you get it
it's mine it's yours
it's ours what's yours is mine same same
so when I say mine I mean ours if I say
yours I mean mine something like that
jared is just running the babysitter
home and look how cute this is I love
mom and dad the Jackson and Calvin did
you do that for Mama you do that that
was so cute so we just had dinner with
Ellie's parents in my parents and it was
kind of an it was in celebration of her
father's day because we're not gonna be
with both of them on Sunday one thing
that I was thinking about and I hadn't
even told you this I am so grateful that
we both have our fathers with us today
that we still have their example and
their guidance with us that we can go
into and ask them questions anytime we
want I am so grateful for that but I
think even more importantly I am so
grateful that I am a father now and I
get to follow in the footsteps of my dad
I hope my kids look up to me as much as
I look up to my dad they do they love
you right when you walked in the door
can't start crying he was like well I
don't want you dead I will mama I hope I
can give them the same happiness that my
dad and mom absolutely gave me and and
that's that's a goal that I have in a
goal that I strive to have through my
life so with that we are going to leave
you guys we hope you have a wonderful
night tomorrow well so we had our date
tonight and tomorrow is going to be the
kids day and we're so excited
a fund so stay tuned for that we'll see
you tomorrow
