there's a snake yeah what are you gonna
do you're gonna go touch the snake
okay
go touch the snake
holy cow we are home in our garage the
dump truck just left they are getting
ready to shape the backyard they are
taking all that dirt out of here so this
is what it looks like nothing has
changed really here yeah oh my god they
are doing framing actually I think in a
few days or the beginning of next week
because due to the rain it set the guy
back a few days so so this is just the
beginning of what our yard will be the
side of the yard is going to slope up
just a little bit but this is like our
backyard like they're going to push all
of this back then it's going to be a
flat area or like a retaining wall type
thing and then they'll push the rest
back so this is so cool to see pan out
oh my goodness this is so exciting it
still doesn't seem real I just talked to
our interior designer today to where
we're going to start to pick out
furniture for the house so we're going
to be picking out couches and like a
play area for the kids can you wave to
the tractor
do you wave and say hi there he goes
he's gonna go dig your backyard were you
thinking as you're flying this girl oh
my gosh it's like so pretty to look at
like how fun is this it was really
exciting the guy came down and was
asking me questions about the yard and
he was like you know because we have a
kind of a plan for the yard and he goes
and if once you see it if you want more
area up top for the kids to play we can
cut more in you go so you can choose
like kind of once they're done grading
it and we can even kind of be even more
picky after that to which I thought was
really nice event but this is really
cool because it looks so fun to work
with like it's fun to chat like the guy
here is like really big into fly-fishing
and I tell my dad he's like I've got to
come I've got a coming talk to him I got
pickin I would always just and talk to
the people - it's fun it looks amazing
it looks so cool you didn't are you
kidding me right now what did you get
this yesterday oh my gosh Jackson is
going to flip look at that the little
people said dad that's so nice of you
this is so cool I'm like so excited - oh
my gosh how fun is this okay now we're
gonna read the destruction Jackson Oh
Jackson guess what guess what guess what
I do want to see a surprise do you like
surprises Wow do you know grandpa has a
surprise for you yeah you want to get
out of the swing so you can see the
surprise okay okay Jackson come over
here grandpa's got a surprise for you
okay look what I've got
what is it yes the pop game that's right
that is so sweet I am so excited Jackson
are you excited Wow okay
whoa good hit buddy
got it you're out grandpa's gonna show
you how to hit the ball just like he
showed me okay hands together okay whoa
good job this is like a dream country
right here oh how fun is
this this is so cool Oh jeepers that's a
line drive past the second baseman whoa
good swing Jackson let's try again huh
oh you got it oh he's down for the count
he's down for the count what happened
he's down for the count he only get this
I just had the sweetest conversation
with Jackson as I was laying down for
bed oh my gosh it was just like the most
tender thing I said okay Jackson you're
gonna lay down for bed and when you wake
up from your nap we're gonna go to the
grocery store I'm like well grab some
dinner or you know something like that
and he's like we'll go shopping and I
said yeah I said I get my cart
cuz you know he get that little cars I
said yeah well we'll see like a dance
company I was gonna say let's see if we
can find you you know something he said
okay he said can I get a sucker just
like you are just so sweet I love that
kid that's whatever you want
I know it's like MoMA says I you're like
here take everything take my wallet go
buy yourself something great buy
yourself something good how it's very
easy to give in whoa it's like he's a
good kid I think if you were like throw
more fits or stuff like that I'd be like
when I get a sucker but it's like he you
should pretty good there's even like
twice that we've been like no yeah we're
not good yeah but like I don't know it's
it's you're so fun oh my gosh the kids
that big I saw coming in yesterday's
vlog or today's vlog like they're
growing up so much Jackson's learning to
balance on his balance bike a Calvin is
walking we're going for like these huge
milestones for our kids and I love it
I'm grateful again I've said this a
million times I'm grateful that we do
this and we film every day and it's the
best now what are you making right now
wait woman
chicken chicken in jolanda's adios both
in the crock-pot how fats are the best I
love those things
ah is that it is that it did it come is
that it oh is that the package it's not
the package of our work isn't it Texas
are you ready to open it if I know what
it is it is a big bus do you want to
open it yeah okay let's open it I'll
start up for it Hey
okay can you to drag the key all the way
across
I feel like Zelda another one can you
pick that up what's this right here
he wants a paper I'm so excited
open it is it the same size it's dead
yeah it's like the same size pom-pom FF
dudududu t we've talked about it a
hundred times we love the Canon cameras
but these ones like I am disappointed
with how much they are and how often we
have to replace them cuz they're wet
dust gets in the lens all the time so
maybe this one will be better I don't
know see that yeah it looks so nice so
good I'm so excited that day just came
out with an upgrade version of what we
have now so that's what this is yeah
which is like it's impossible to find
best five doesn't even have it for sale
yet amazon says it's like two months out
so I'm really shocked that we even got
it is the battery the same size it looks
like it is good alright guys so going
forward we are using the canon g7x mark
- and so Ellie and I decided we want to
really test this camera out so we are
out here in the mountains of Utah we're
going to go on a little Drive and we're
just going to film a little montage to
test out the new camera and I'm so
excited is such a beautiful day we live
in such a beautiful area this is going
to be fun for us as a family but I hope
the view is nice for you guys too and
I'm excited to test this camera out
because it's awesome
tell job what you're gonna do there's a
snake what are you gonna do you're gonna
go touch the snake go touch a snake look
Jackson lick it's just a stick did mommy
trick you
yeah stick sometimes I'm nice and
sometimes I mean
you
words can't even begin to describe how
much I loved those three I am so
grateful for them I love my little
family what did you say perfect oh it's
perfect yeah I thought you were like
crap I ruined it the chickens just
pulling apart that looks so great yeah
chicken enchilada tonight
adios book I keep saying enchiladas but
what it really is is chicken fajitas I
guess holy crap two hours later I think
was our last clip or something like that
Ellie got the kids fed and we got them
to bed
poor Calvin I really think he's teething
really really bad he just had a really
hard time getting down for bed Ellie and
I had to do the whole switcheroo we
traded were like okay tag me out tag me
in but we finally got him to sleep and
now I can eat some of Ellie's fajitas if
there's any left I think the kids may
have eaten them all summer but I'm
excited about that because I am starving
where are the fajitas
I need the fajitas I need a man cuz I'm
hungry oh I think I found them
oh it's dinner time that is it from us
today I have a really special day plan
for Jeremiah tomorrow and our dads we're
going to do a little Father's Day dinner
so stay tuned for that really excited
thank you guys so much for watching and
we'll see you guys tomorrow we're gonna
watch a daredevil how long do you think
we'll last night I think having will
wake up in 45 minutes okay let's try and
get one up seven okay okay see ya guys
