hey guys just going crazy spoil so fast
good job oh he's got his beat down just
in time before the buzzer goes off good
job there buddy
good morning guys every little muscle
that is in my body is aching right now
from working out yesterday I woke up and
I feel like I should walk like this
today ever it's so bad but I have to
tell you guys something I'm washing my
sheets because I am getting rid of this
like cold stuffiness that I have in the
middle of the night all my tissues ran
out of space I was so irritated cuz
there's so much snot my nose I was so
mad that I grabbed the sheets and blew
my nose yeah I did that and I've done it
more than once and I'm probably gonna do
it again in the future and I just
thought the minute I want to sleep I'm
too tired and I'm washing the sheets I
don't know what else to say I blew my
nose my shoes where do you guys hi good
morning I told them that I suck grass I
know it is already know the answer but
whatever I was I thought it was like
last night Calvin was in bed with us I
think and you know you're getting up to
get job you're like snot blower get to
tier Jackson he doesn't notice yet
hi Olivia look after you like more spicy
oh dang it will get him a little treat I
go stall them I'm like okay I got lots
of treats I'm sorry honey good boy today
is a very sad day because this could
easily be our very last time at the
wiggle worm kids are loving it they are
closing and we are so so bad let's go
out with a bang with a broken leg
good morning guys well Ellie and the
kids are at the wiggle worm which is so
sad it's closed like I don't know what
we're gonna do I am actually really sad
as closing because that's like one of
the best places to take the kids anyway
while they're at the wiggle worm right
now I am here at my dad's mancave here
this is a beautiful sight to see right
here and we are getting some work done
you're working on your stuff and I've
got my little makeshift desk over there
working on my stuff I am working on the
website I told you a while ago that
we're redoing a website and we're
building that and so I'm kind of just
going through and tweaking some things
I'm really excited about what is going
to be on the website it's just gonna
have a lot it's gonna be a main hub for
like everything Elian jared and i'm
pretty excited about that are you
excited about that Deb very there's lots
of excitement going around here so we're
just kind of hanging out getting a lot
of work done for you dr. pepper because
that's what I do with my dad is drink
dr. pepper or some exciting stuff going
on up here I'm not gonna lie I do not
like Phil very well not like I'm sick
but like allergies cuz I'm getting over
this stuff but I know that it's worse
today but I think it's because I spent
the garage and there's tons of cotton in
the garage yesterday like my eyes they
will not stop watering and I just sneeze
like 4 times in a row huh so I was
wanting to run some errands of the kids
but I just my eyes cannot even handle
being outside right now so we're all
just kind of eating all you're not
eating very much mister have to get a
few more bites in him and you are
throwing it on the ground be drawing on
the ground we're just eating some lunch
I think we'll take some naps and then
maybe buy that my eyes will feel a
little better once the rested or
something for all of us it's time for
all of us to lay down are you laying
mommy's bed again yeah yeah drop me a
lei with you okay well meet Jackson Lee
together and we'll get Calvin down so I
just got back from my parents house my
mom dropped me off and Ellie has the
garage closed well actually our garage
she's still giving us like issues it it
only closes like that much so I've got a
good like the sensors aligned or
something like that front door's locked
kids are sleeping I don't know if
Ellie's laying down or what so I have to
go Mission Possible on this and and see
if I can sneak through that part I think
I can do it this is gonna be fun
breaking into my own house that's kind
of how I feel right now
can't forget you guys you see it's very
important not to get this shirt dirty
you've got to make sure this shirt stays
clean when you're breaking into
someone's house right
move over Tom Cruise the next action
starts here and you just got out hey
buddy
did you wake up from your nap you woke
up a little too early now oh what's that
if you want to suck her now well that's
very demanding never that daddy has a
very special treat for you because mommy
and Counting they're taking a quick
little nap and we're gonna watch a movie
together does that sound fun she's why
I've got some crackers and a little
juice for you okay okay should we watch
a show you want chocolate milk that's
what I've got for you okay should we
watch it we're gonna watch a little
Zootopia I haven't seen it all the way
through Jackson watched on the airplane
and loved it so we're gonna watch that
and I'm excited to see it for the very
first time choo-choo we are just making
dinner
they make me my little chicken pot pies
and this time when it comes out I'm
taking a picture with our DSLR and then
I'm going to print it I'm gonna type it
up really nice and put it my little
binder so everything that I make I'm
going to start doing that so they're
wanting to do that for a long time and
then I made my little salad dressing too
cuz we'll have a salad time so really
excited for dinner I think the rest of
the kids are gonna come over to Andy oh
oh you like to share Calvin he does he
does do good with Calvin why what is
that like two-year-olds like when kids
are the same age I fight they don't
share his good I agree
like Jackson in Boston just don't play
together match
okay dinner's ready and everybody is
outside everyone does side they're all
playing okay I had a handful of treats
my hand and whoever ate their dinner
could have a little treat
Jackson check Olivia check
Calvin is a tree - holy cow
Boston still working on it Cody's still
working on it
Bonnie check Ellie check I need to
finish it a little bit more of my salad
yeah you two boys I'm looking at you
cray tick one more big bite that's a big
one eat it yeah k Boston gets a treat
good job her mommy made you take
sacrifice didn't have a smile on two
seconds ago way say it again so what did
you say about the dinner I hate it and
Cody says I hate okay Calvin it's your
turn to have some choco milk
he loves to blow bubbles and it's the
funniest thing he like loves it doesn't
want to drink it take a treat
do you hear making the sound that is so
funny Calvin do you love that
like that is so funny I love this kid
he's just discovering everything like
all of these little things left and
right it's the cutest
all right everybody we've got the race
of the day here going on we've got
Jackson in the red bicycle he's going
down the hill first oh my god she's
going crazy he's going so fast good job
oh he's got his feet up just in time
before the buzzer goes off good job
there buddy oh my gosh that was good
he's going for the ball he's doing
better
Keith Rohit uncle Joey all right kiddos
thank you so much for coming over and
helping clean up and play with our toys
and having dinner with us we appreciate
your company hospitality but now we have
to say goodbye because you guys stink
and need baths that might be for me too
that's I'm gonna take my own advice here
bye Olivia by Cody by Boston bye Lincoln
by m-mama hi Uncle Joe Lee baa baa black
sheep are you thinking that you're doing
so good Jackson you know your nursery
rhyme so well huh every day I'm more and
more impressed with Jackson's like
ability to remember he's remembering all
of these Nursery Rhymes and I love it
do you love to sing yeah you're gonna go
in there and take a bath okay let's take
a bath well guys it's that time of night
Ellie is bathing the kids so ITA's bath
time and yield comes after bath time and
it's bedtime
Ellie you know what that means when it's
bedtime for the kids that means it's
daredevil time for us can I get a what
one
so thank you guys so much for watching I
am really excited for this week actually
we have some fun stuff going on this
week but I could not be more thrilled
about Father's Day is coming around the
corner and I'm so glad that my dad is
here and we get to do stuff with them so
we're gonna take some time this week and
do some fun stuff so make sure you guys
are subscribed to give the video a big
thumbs up and we'll see you guys
tomorrow
thanks again bye can I get everyone to
say bye
