could be one yeah
lastly we're at the property that's
right Jackson we are here bright and
early this morning because we have some
very exciting news they're gonna start
framing today are you excited for that
Jackson yeah so Jackson I came to the
property we're gonna film some drone
footage really quick cuz our house is
taking shape we're gonna fly the drone
let's go do it right now can see one
well yeah okay here it goes
wow there's too high
oh you think you can fly that you think
you're gonna fly that okay oh my gosh
guys that is our house I am so excited
so just real quick at Jackson hangar
down in the property this is going to be
technically the basement and this is the
garage entrance into the basement and
then this is going to be like the actual
basement area this will be like a little
rec room and we're gonna have it plumbed
for a little kitchenette and then you
come over here and this is like the
actual basement area where we'll
probably have like our TV and everything
that's going to be one bedroom that's
going to be a bathroom that's gonna be
another bedroom and that's gonna be a
third bedroom then this is going to be a
storage room which Ali and I will
probably use for some filming and then
this is the cold storage room which is
going to be under the patio and that's
just a quick little look at the the
house as it stands right now I can't
wear the smile on my face I'm excited
I'm very sorry right now the things are
taking patient our life right now is
very cool Oh Jackson how are you going
potty
is that what the toilets gonna go yep
okay make sure you flush it can you push
it good job so today's workout we
changed it up a bit I've never done this
before I guess it's a paddleboard
workout so this will be interesting
footage will be interesting to see how
this goes
today was so hard I don't know if it's
because I'm just getting over from kind
of being six I wasn't a strong it was a
new workout I come like I usually don't
complain I complained a lot today and I
took more breaks usually I provide the
whole hour I just go go go I don't
really take breaks today I took some
breaks cuz I was just like I'm done I'm
glad I went
I feel good my arms are like jello right
now so I need to go home and eat see
what the kids are up to oh my gosh oh my
gosh Jackson did you oh there his third
as Jackson just came up to me and said
spider way to go did you just have a
spider in your hand he literally is like
spider and showed it to me and I was
like oh my gosh you just picked it up
you are crazy you see it did you pick it
up there it is where where I don't know
oh my goodness that was kind of scary
Jackson I am the biggest idiot ever I'm
the biggest idiot I don't know how
someone does this I don't know if anyone
has ever done this before
literally the simplest thing that I
could have ever done and I ruined it I
ruined the macaroni and cheese I don't
know how you messed up the instructions
are clearly labeled on the box and I
still did wrong I think I was just
worried about the kids or something like
that was distracted and I didn't let the
the noodles boil long enough so they're
hard
I didn't drain the water before I mix
everything in all of a sudden I have
this boiling hot water that's
overflowing filled with cheese and
butter and I really cheesy
remember shopping for sergeant yeah so
we're gonna go grocery shopping and grab
sign me yeah have you ever done anything
like that before
or am I like wow oh my gosh I feel like
such an idiot I can't
you don't want mac and cheese yeah
so the kids have woken up Kelvin is
happy he just took like five steps to me
Jackson has a blue face I'm looking at
these papers when I went to the gym
today
I grabbed some like swimming lesson
papers and some tumbling papers and the
tumbling classes you have to be three
years or older I haven't wanted to set
myself and something that we have to do
the summer just because of like the
house and like I kind of like to be free
and like if one night we say it's for
the pool or let's go do this
I kind of like the availability of that
but I'm so since the tumbling yeah you
have to be three and older I think this
would be perfect for next year um that's
only like six months Jackson will be
three so this will be perfect for maybe
winter this will get us through the
winters maybe I'll put a Jackson in like
a little tumbling class but then the
swimming form the classes that Jackson
can be in right now again you could be
three and older to have like one-on-one
time but from right now with Jackson he
has to be the Mommy and Me class
if he does any swimming type stuff and I
think it would be fun because Calvin
loves the water last night in the tub he
kept blowing bubbles and the kids just
both have really enjoyed the water
lately so I think it'd be fun for both
kids to do the mommy me class again and
then Jared could come and jaren Jackson
can do it and we can kind of switch off
with the kids and stuff so they're kind
of thinking of signing them up for a
little Mommy and Me class it's only two
weeks which is great it's not like crazy
long or anything and then the rest of
the summer we'll just go to the pool and
kind of hang out and then like I said
maybe in January or you know in the
winter put Jackson in like a tumble in
class so this is kind of fun I'm just
kind of sitting here writing some things
out made a few phone calls kids are
playing they're happy are you happy can
I have a lit okay come on
Calvin's good at it don't you go sit
down and eat it
okay he's running around with that I
want to run them with a sucker go sit
down please okay now you can play and he
will save this a little what's left for
later okay Jackson we just made it
across the street
wanted to ride his bike to the heart so
we are all on our way to the park and
it's such a beautiful day we're gonna go
play and swing and have some fun
are you ready baby boy lie to you try to
find brother he's off playing already
ready 1 2 3
do it again
look at you go you're doing the balance
part go fast and do it again I need it
raise the seat I think a little bit he's
doing it I didn't even show me just
started doing it whoa Jackson oh my god
this is so cool
I'm so proud of him how cool
Calvin he's over here in a few crackers
is that cool yeah Wow fun I love it this
is why we like the captured such sweet
moments and we come look back on and so
fun I cannot believe my Jackson Jackson
is so big
okay go would it be a bike ride is how
to fall you good you get back up and try
again cam watching Wow good job Jackson
I'm so proud of you okay try and write
it really fast and lift your feet up you
try that
good job hi I like to them you look like
the tentacle like you know the little
round teracle fake my wife's like blank
she looks like she's lying now where do
you get tentacles from out of that
that's what I want to know
optical optical optical like Glenn zu6
like a monocle is that what you're
looking for monocle
like like mr. Pina with the monocle
tentacles tentacles oh that's so funny
we just took a funny picture yeah I
thought Ally's is your game be sure to
check it out okay kids are in bed we are
laughing our heads off with our
tentacles we were gonna call it a night
thank you guys so much for watching have
a wonderful day be sure to hit the
thumbs up button if you haven't
subscribed that subscribe button because
we make awesome videos every day
we never miss an awesome day we haven't
in two years in all of our all of the
days we make our awesome okay see you
tomorrow
