Elly's like I don't get the poop
everywhere it's all in the Carmel no I
just robbed it in the floor this is
gross and nasty I found some wipes I'm
running him upstairs
good morning guys we are back in our
house and it feels so good how did it
feel to sleep in our own bed it's all
really good yeah that's like to me
that's like the feeling that's like the
home feeling is like I haven't been in
my bed for such a long time right yeah
oh my goodness oh my goodness Philip
DeFranco had a tweet yesterday says I
want to marry my bed I kind of want to
marry my bed we just got home last night
late last night but we are already
getting back on the road again Jackson
are you ready to get back on the road
we're gonna go see grandma gray yay we
have a little family get-together that
we are going to but we've got a long
drive ahead of us so we are raring to go
we are gonna go visit family on our way
to Grandma's I am doing something that
has been on my list of things to do but
I just have not gotten to it and I feel
so good to finally do it I have gone
through my little cookbooks that I have
that I call cookbook and look at all
those papers just like those are in
years like I've had those since Jared
was in college I just screwed scratch
just like chicken scratch stuff on paper
by finally like all the recipes that I
make a lot of that I really like I
finally have written out on like a piece
of paper and the next few weeks I'm
going to use all of these for our meal
plans that way I can really make sure
yes this is what I like and then I'll
really unlike print it out really nice
with the picture of it and finally put
it in my book did you make sure to get
corn dogs in there
okay just a few of the things on my list
I'm going to make this week is my sweet
and sour chicken my chicken pot pie my
chicken enchilada recipe and then like
my creamy grape salad the peanut butter
dip and my really yummy apple salad that
I've made some of those will be like
sides and some other things that we'll
have in the house and then Jared
corndogs you are going to grill this
week as well for dinner okay that's
perfectly for like the red to dinners
and stuff okay so I feel like so happy
it's only 11 last note grow some corn
bombs how are you it's only love o'clock
and we have our list of weeks of food I
feel very relieved
great we're at Grandma grapes are you
excited to see everyone do you know
who's gonna be here grandma grandma gray
and Grandpa should we go see him
okay are you gonna give me big hugs okay
let's go are you are you good yeah look
I'm looking okay hi guys hi long time no
see how's my boy huh oh boy else you're
getting too heavy for Grandma I can't
believe he just picked him up like that
that's amazing
have you been having a lot of fun huh
did you go and watch the seals that's
something like that hi grandma hi how
are you good you sure look pretty today
grandpa
classy grandma great big big hug oh oh I
missed you hahaha
he certainly got a fancy to you grandma
great two hours later and we made it to
our destination to hang out with our
family and our kids are sleeping Jackson
is
Ellie are you sleeping no she's awake
you're awake
hey the kids are sleeping
toothpaste all over my chair why haven't
you said anything just I just said he√≠d
all over do you really wanna be so
imperative looking up yeah what are you
looking up on your phone right now
looking up like blogs of how to dress
your body like like skinny with your
yeah and I think it's really how to
dress with your body type mantra Steve
that's cool
the kids are asleep Wow I maybe I
actually look into that cuz I've got
I've got a pretty voluptuous body that I
should learn how to dress to really go
with it I'm sorry Jackson this is your
cousin and he's your same age hi I have
a golf ball he does he's he hi you guys
will be best friends
oh okay he's ready to the ball
you got it he was so happy you know all
by yourself one hard crop that real hard
yeah oh close up here and then you swing
Kate but daddy's gonna step away first
day
with two hands two hands two hands close
together now swing like that way back
really hard good job yeah yeah so he's
just been here hanging out with family
and it has been so awesome we have
cousins from Texas from Idaho and we're
I'm just looking out here in the
driveway it's so funny to see all of the
family members cars that are here packed
in this cul-de-sac and it is it is the
best I mean look at all this this is all
of the cars that we drove here just to
have like a little lunch a little Sunday
afternoon lunch and it's fun the thing
that I think is the class is that
Jackson has all of these cousins that
are his age and they're all playing so
well together like they're all playing
t-ball they're playing in the rocks and
it's just so fun to see all of the kids
having a good time smiling and laughing
and running around it's like gosh this
is summer this is what summer is and I
what look Calvin are you having fun with
your cousin Avery oh here's your binky
Bri has been wanting to see Calvin and
hold Calvin all day today do you watch
him do you like to watch him on the
videos I can't believe you guys are
cousins that's so fun I think he thinks
you're pretty too right as I say that
yes you agree with me yeah are you in
paradise right now he's making a rock
angel that's right that's so silly
Jackson okay Oh your cousins join in
yeah ah nothing like rock Angelz in the
summer uh-oh your parents might be mad
at me if you get your shorts all dirty
it's your white shorts those are gonna
be great by the time you're done with
them she's is he beans are you guys
being silly yes I think you guys are
being so silly
Ready Set three
- one blast uh-oh that too much the
g-forces were too intense we are just
enjoying our evening we figured since
we're drove so far we might as well stop
at mom and dad's on the way home and
we've been telling them all about our
trip all about finding seashells and I
told Dad our next trip I think it'd be
fun sometimes to go to Hawaii and
Starkel dad has snorkeled yeah and scuba
diving is what you want to do we're
looking at their pretty patio - mom and
dad finally got um a wraparound around
their house love it love your sidewalk
thank you
trampoline okay careful watch your head
housing all right no roughhousing little
Jap Elaine hey no bounds
let me see your somersault again show
Mom how you do a somersault okay he's
just being goofy now let me see your
somersault
okay stand and do a somersault done
jumps tan tuck your head no oh god
that's a good one he folds his arms he's
like I saw daddy do without it turns I'm
gonna do it - can I see it again good
job come go on there and jump onto the
Tramp okay back oh that's see that's why
you say to close mommy have spotters
yeah can you do it like you do on the
couch
come here there you go
ghosty grandpa whoa - I hear the
struggles of changing a diaper the worst
thing that happens when you change a
diaper if you guys have never changed a
diaper before it is when the baby rolls
over when you're trying all those were
filled with toys not wipes we're the
waves now I'm panicking we're the way
where are the waves so he's rolling over
he's thinking it's hilarious Ellie's
like I don't get the poop everywhere
it's all in the garb and I just rub it
in the floor this is gross and nasty I
found some wipes I'm running them
upstairs
oh okay Jackson's great you're turning
it up Zoey it's okay but turn off there
we go okay here we go oh that was scary
hello boys
oh this stinks here's some wife why are
you smiling about you just got home we
had a four-hour drive total today or
something like that
we're getting the kids in the bathtub
and we are putting them to bed you ready
to go to bed are you ready to go to bed
he's like oh man that boob was so bad
well we are certainly back in Utah when
you see beautiful sunsets like this look
how gorgeous that is look at the color
in the sky it's beautiful and then if we
pan over here oh there's a storm's
a-brewin old some Lightning we got some
lot known over there and the storms are
brewing over there but then we've got
this beautiful sunset but the storms are
coming in with the latinum there's a lot
of guys there's a lot of lightning do
you see all that it's all over the place
that's pretty cool oh my goodness you
see the lightning
the beautiful beautiful sunset I can
hear the crazy senator enlightening to
hear that in the sky do you see it what
do you think bud so gonna go again
do you hear it
it's pretty huh was probably kids to
Bevin and watch it lights off and stare
at it it is all over the place maybe
kiss a little oh that sounds like a good
idea look at that
the sky is on fire over there it is
raining like crazy
thundering storming we are going to end
the vlog Calvin's gonna watch the
thunderstorm with us I've never seen
like this before in my life why it is
incident every second it's good guys so
much for watching I'll see you tomorrow
diagur Calvin say goodbye babe say bye
hey
