you want to go get on a big airplane
good morning guys we are just getting
ready to pack up and go home this whole
bed was covered in clothes we have them
all washed packed into one suitcase
talked about a travel like hack I don't
know it just makes us feel good it's
like all our clothes are already Beach
so oh yeah I love that laundry when we
go home that's the best part I know
always stay somewhere where you can wash
your clothes it's really nice fun we're
getting everything packed up we're
getting our towels wash so hopefully we
leave less work for Cullen and Katie
okay this is the before in the suitcase
and I'm going to attempt with all my
might mind and strength to zip this
closed and make sure it'll be good for
the flight I'm nervous but I think we
can do it together
are you with me let's do it
we got the suitcase down the stairs and
everything and Cohen is about to give us
his expert hand gasps wait estimate tell
God can stand up higher than the bag yep
hang down like you're loosey-goosey you
know Jackson you know we can't let you
alter the wait okay you've got what this
has to be 100% accurate for two pounds
fifty four and a half okay heli that
means that's how we're wait we gotta
figure something out I'll give you fifty
four and a half
do we have an official scale that we can
compare it to okay we're comparing it
okay we have the official system
hahahahaha put on site maybe okay we're
checking the official weight here now
Oh My heavens
oh my campus floros oh five four pounds
no way here holy crap I'm close
I don't even care that we're overweight
I'm just surprised that you were like so
close that was amazing yeah he's great
that's like a sixth sense of got there
angle the dangle jangle Calvin is going
to be so sad not to have the puppies
around anymore and common actually has
been walking a lot this morning like
taking several steps at the time and
like just standing in one spot it's
crazy little may see gains doesn't feel
very well and she got a little bit sick
tonight if I'm sorry
Oh her eyes where she is right a cuter
shirt around if you did not notice
did you come what's on your shirt is it
a whale shirt oh well Colin you know
what I always say nervous do you know
what I always say there I always say
this life's a beach then you go when you
go home yeah I take a venture test we
were facetiming with her parents and I
was like life's a beach and then he said
then you go home was like Oh makes so
much more sense but now we are we are
taking off and DBE jck summer vacay is
officially coming to a close it's been
crazy man it's been it's been so fun
it's been different everybody's able to
just do their own thing yeah Mary you're
older or something yeah I know it's
almost like we spent a year since we've
done this but thank you guys so much for
letting us stay at your family's place
like this was so much fun I we
appreciate you hosting it next time I
think it's gonna be at our place
seriously guys go over to their Channel
and tell them thank you for letting us
stay here because we seriously had such
a blast but now we're gonna go on the
airplane Jackson you're ready to go on
an airplane okay let's go can you show
me what an airplane does yeah that's
right
you ready sweetie oh they're coming it's
been a blast it had it's a long way home
but worth it had a good time it's been
so fun
here we go Jackson are you ready we're
going on their plane hardest part is
over Ellie oh oh oh maybe not
okay Jesse we just landed and we have 30
minutes until they going to find next
airplane you know we're gonna get on
another airplane oh yeah are you seated
yeah you want to go get on a big
airplane
this is what our layover looks like we
have some panda that we're all sharing
as a family Jackson it is entertaining
Calvin and Calvin is done okay I've been
to cousin
watching a show
Mama's closing
you ready for this
and we go
you
using the ground
they were home
you kids did so good I cannot even
believe it Jackson didn't sleep at all
but he still was really good you stop
half the flight too
okay ali-a let's go through the
checklist drove to the airport check
took one hour flight to Atlanta check 30
minute layover for our flight to Salt
Lake two hour drive home bathe the kids
I know I was really late but I had to
well they were stinky we're all dirty oh
I don't really grimy so the kids cried
the hardest at bath time mm-hmm but they
did awesome for the flights but they're
in bed I'm we're gonna crash we are
going to crash that is right I probably
would have fallen asleep
rocking Jackson and I'm falling asleep
right now rocking just for a little bit
he just wanted to put his head down on
me so bad and so like I'm gonna rock him
can you go away with Calvin and chat
with these guys for a second chat with
you guys
guys we had such an amazing time in
Florida it was so much fun and I'm so
grateful for these opportunities that we
have and the support that we have from
you guys every day it means so much to
us and I'm grateful for the YouTube
community that we have that we're able
to meet and make friends like Bryan and
Missy and Colin and Katie and develop
these wonderful relationships with them
YouTube is a wonderful place and it's
the community the friendship that we
have that makes it so strong and when
things happen like christina grimmie it
it hurts us and it hits us hard and our
thoughts and prayers are definitely out
with her family and friends and all
those close to her our deepest
condolences go out to her family and so
that that's been on our mind a lot today
and I didn't know her very well I didn't
know where actually I didn't know her at
all personally but I've watched some of
her videos and everything but when it
happens to the YouTube community I think
everyone feels it and so that's just
kind of been our mind but we're home and
we're safe we're under our roof and I'm
so grateful for that and I'm grateful
for you guys I'm grateful for our kids
we're going to call it a night and I
just want to thank you guys again be
sure to check out Brian and Missy and
Colin and Katie and go over to their
channels and say thank you for the
wonderful time and we will see you guys
too
we're starting a brand new week and
we're going to be framing our house soon
if this is going to be such an amazing
adventure building our house so make
sure you stay tuned for that and we'll
see you guys tomorrow thanks for
watching bye
