these guys have just been cuddling all
boat ride home and it's been I love it
anything that's the sweet spot right
there
this is better than the dolphin the
photo
good morning guys the kids go to bed
late and then they wake up really early
so this morning has been a little rough
on them so we're going on a little
beautiful scenery drive today
traveling through the beautifulness of
Florida hoping the kids go to sleep it
was funny I told you I said when we get
back it's like huge house mode because
they're gonna be framing our house
they're excavating the backyard and they
actually I told the builders they all
I'm gone this week just to let them know
this could not have been and I didn't
want him to frame with me not actually
wanted to film it but you know I can't
like say oh stop production but he was
like oh well we have a family vacation
so we'll just take a break for the week
and then when you get back we'll go gun
hug and I'm like sweet perfect that
agonda that they wind up sometimes when
you have kids plan change and this
morning we thought oh maybe if we want
to drive Jackson I'll feel a little bit
better last night his eyes were puffy
they were red he was so tired for being
in the Sun being in the pool he's
definitely not used to like chlorine in
his eyes and stuff so we thought he
dressed and we decided to stay back and
have everybody else go to be on the boat
today
we just thought being outside all day he
may just not love it so after we've all
rested we came back to this little
kiddie pool and the weather's awesome
it's overcast right now and we're gonna
hang out for a little bit okay you
having fun there buddy
you took a dive for the pool you just
thought you were big boy and he jumped
right in Jackson are you gonna get in
and Jackson's so happy he hung out ada
belle and emma all morning
jumping jacks whoa so he is much much
happier but we're gonna go back come
after this and rest and more just kind
of take the day and rest see what this
afternoon evening like he's loving that
okay you kiddos you're on that Jackson
let me see your face he emma is not a
cat no you're gonna get either he looks
pretty good he's pretty happy he got
some rest we all rested
and Jackson keeps calling Emma a cat in
your netiquette you are a dog is Emma
dog my dog yes and was a dog okay should
we go on a boat everybody's still out
and they sent us a message while the
kids were napping and they're like you
guys come out we could pick you up still
so cool
yep we're gonna get dressed for you to
get ready to go well the plants may
change here and there and everywhere but
eventually you get doing what you're
getting doing and today we're going out
on the pontoon boat we're meeting up
with Cullen and Katie and Bryan and
Missy and we're gonna go out on the
water Jackson you ready for this we're
gonna go on the pontoon ahoy there
mateys
any more room on this here vessel on the
ground
hey I'm wondering if there's any other
marine jokes I can make here I'm captain
captain Krunk here at the helm okay
Jackson we got to get you up up across
okay ready jump one two three jump go
give Ollie hugs hi ollie
hey guys ready to have a good time the
party disco Jackson decided he's gonna
have a takeover and he's gonna drive the
boat yeah oh no the hold of the story or
or sparrow right that's more appropriate
for this audience here right what was it
that you said oh she's Mormon she won't
get it
that was like the funniest joke of the
whole night do you remember that one
time that I said we're gonna get on the
pho we're gonna go on the lake
just like the Kardashians do you feel
like the Kardashians right now Ellie and
Jared take to a Florida take up Florida
is that what it is come down the show
buddy Kim Take Miami whoo
good job Jackson Jackson look you can
touch like oli hot dog how he's not
there you go yeah Jackson you're doing
it buddy's my ex looking a little yeah
Katie not only will I catch a fish I
will catch a fish while filming it with
this very painful yes I will if you
catch a fish mm-hmm I'll give you $100
$100 yeah okay and $100 somewhere and
give it to you okay all right
brian says he has huge fish over here
I'm hurryin it's hard to run in the
water Brian
look at that
the
you
that's awesome
they spotted it dude good job
you see Olli let it go let's let it go
Jared John Blowfish dude it's colonized
that's nothing
and not just one not just so is so cool
what did you see
what did you say : something about a
boat ride just makes another cuddle or
something please guys and just been
cuddling all boat ride home and it's
been I love it it's just one your kid
just lays on you that's just the best oh
there it is there that's the sweet spot
right there this is better than the
dolphin target
well I just got Calvin down for the
night and it was the cutest thing ever
when I was getting him down he'd wake up
he was so like on and off going to sleep
but every time he'd wake up he'd go huh
and then he fall back asleep and then he
wake up and huh he literally fell asleep
with a smile on his face it was so cute
took his nap I'm into latest earlier
when he fell asleep for his nap right
when he fell asleep he started laughing
oh ho cuz we had just been like tickling
laughing that's so funny
the day started off a little bit
different than we expected or wanted but
it turned out to be so awesome it was
such an enjoyable day and tonight is
going to get even better so Ellie I hope
your hands are ready they're about to be
rubbing this all over my front and back
okay
take your shirt off oh I will you guys
can't see that well I guess you kind of
have like all day today you guys got me
my stuff thanks so much for watching
have a wonderful day and we will see you
guys tomorrow on the next adventure of
hashtag DBE jck summer vacay bye
