say hi Jackson I am James fuck make him
Jackson Greg Mika
good morning guys hey doggy
yes my kids are always the first to wake
up and they go straight to the dogs they
go say hi to the puppies and then we go
and get some breakfast and usually kids
will eat some cereal I saw this on the
fridge this morning and I just had to
laugh I thought that was so cute are you
guys ready for the beach today I ready
for the beach
I am Jackson do you love the dog I try
to pick her up you know what do you want
a dog go up go you wanna you want a big
dog you Peter what well I don't know she
really wants to be picked up but you
want a dog too huh a big dog well write
it down and we'll see if we can make it
happen okay good morning we are getting
ready for the beach Ellie and Katie are
making some sandwiches for all of us to
enjoy that does look delicious like a
sandwich you're like a PB&J on the beach
yeah yes it sounds so good oh and the
burritos and Reese's and Oreos and all
the other snacks that we have we have
individually named bags and we are ready
to rock and roll we're all up early
ready to go
well I got it I got it I've got to do my
hair I've got to do my hair Elliot
you're up early
but we're gonna go to the beach and have
a lot of fun and I'm so excited because
we're gonna throw frisbee around we're
gonna go oh shit it's gonna be great and
I'm gonna put Ellie and a dunker in the
water
okay Jackson say that again let's go
don't look now but there's a really
attractive guy walking in the street
hey okay - you might like him a lot
ain't just your type I'm married I'm
married okay I can't be looking at other
men you know my movie yeah we're good at
all
it is enough time at the beach right now
not for you guys though professor
playing game
we're getting ready to get Jack he's
definitely tired fun
alright guys may I request the highest
of fives guys we did it it was amazing
it was so much fun we took five kids
under five to the beach and we had a
great great time five kids under three
they go I mean not just essentially that
just makes it even better my voice is
like losing as I'm so excited about it
oh my gosh we had a great time at the
beach we pretty much spend there all day
and we're all dressed up and we're about
to go out to dinner guys we we clean up
really good I think it's Rob I think we
clean up things up oh wow that's he
almost looks like the Joker
are you ready to go oh these dogs are
sure ready to go let's go
say hi Jackson I am James cluck make him
Jackson Greg Miko yes did you have a
good day today al did you have fun at
the can and you had fun at the hot tub
in the pool what did you do at the pool
cam you jumped in the pool didn't you
girls okay we had so much fun today but
now it's time to go to bed so we can get
rest for tomorrow and have even more fun
tomorrow we do know you want to see a
tin pail
that's so cute okay Jackson say good
night to our friends good knack use me
Calvin say good night to our friends you
did so good today he loves these dogs so
sticking much I love it okay boys we're
going night-night say I love you are you
buddy
kids are down for bed and Jarrod has
been on his phone quiet but he's been
doing snapchat something to do with : I
don't know yes I I'm doing the most epic
amazing snapchat story right now because
Cullen has called us out and he's like
doing this scavenger hunt and we have to
do on snapchat so I'm going crazy
alright scavenger hunt you're doing it
like oh yeah you guys like dinner early
so he ran over here that's why we left
number one we haven't got there yet cuz
yes I see happen so I'm snapping it
right now before I get there so follow
me on snapchat to see the scavenger hunt
okay so that's what I'm doing it's very
important stuff Brian to love my voice
is like gone too
you
yeah
Matt's oh hey could you uh
are you ready I'm ready you won 1c neck
snap not done what louder than a $1 bill
give me your money to hold oak olivine
open your folded wrapper where two twin
turtle doves dwell Oh cook a point that
big first Northwest dietary
thunderstorms morning and afternoon June
second I saw the yellow bitter crescent
flower in the Marshall what what is it
what if Ryan's reading is diary dating
right is it reading us a story and we're
all just kind of you not relaxing and we
just got the kids to bed and we're going
to go ahead and say good night to you
guys okay so much for watching you guys
want to see even more fun stuff go check
out everybody else's vlog even though
we're all here everyone is getting
different angles different footage fun
montages so go watch everybody else's
videos we'll see you guys tomorrow bye
bye I'm giving her a massage and she
thinks it's the best it is the best bit
B night Amy I will rub your feet next
