good morning guys Calvin is obsessed
with the doggies
Calvin gave the doggies breakfast
Calvin's been woohoo all morning over
these puppies
well good morning guys it's a beautiful
day here in Florida a different kind of
beautiful than you might be expecting
but it is pouring down rain and I love
it oh the humidity is getting the camera
Jackson are you loving the rain in it so
we've got all the kids out here and
we're just gonna play in the rain and
this is so much fun like this is a warm
summer's rain isn't that great it's
great what do you think Jackson are you
gonna move that meets your faith do you
like the rain what do you think play in
the rain and everything it's gone what
it's calling its
are you guys ready for this yeah oh
we've got some music oh let's do it yeah
look at those muscles all right girl
3 2 right go understand the one that's
where it's gonna get fun you ready for
this go okay ready
you
a little rainstorm party dance balloon
fight was like so much fun
everyone's just kind of hanging out and
getting ready for the next adventure
that we're about to have who knows what
it is I don't know but these kids are
just sitting here all cute and cuddly
and having some lunch is your lunch good
Jackson yeah
oli is your lunch good yeah yeah yeah oh
is that your dinosaur but we're not
telling him that Shh look at these cute
shirt Calvin don't let's see your shirt
first Jax says Jackson and Calvin
yeah Mika look at that turtle huh huh
and then Jared let's see your shirt then
that's so cool they're so cool Collin
thank you so much he happy shirt is
airbrush I guess if somebody comes Laura
des it's a big thing to do so look at
that like talent look at Calvin's that
turtle is my favorite no it fits it
perfect like that is the cutest shirt
Calvin I'm just gonna tell you you got
the cutest one of them all I love it so
cute so while everyone is taking a nap
except for me and Jackson we thought
we'd come outside here for a little bit
oh you got some of those balloons those
remnants we've still got to clean those
up but we don't want everyone and we
thought we'd fly the drone out here
because it's a beautiful cloudy and I
kind of want to see all of the different
view of this little tropical storm
that's passing through yeah yeah true
fly the airplane heal okay let's it's a
let's fly the airplane well yeah okay
let's do it
everyone's awake the weather has cleared
up and we're going to the beach are you
guys ready I'm ready
you excited let's go do you guys know
how to get to the ocean is it that way
so okay thanks guys okay
you
Oreo time we are here picking up our
dinner Kelvin's asleep our dinners going
to take about 20 minutes
so we broke out some Oreos we're having
a little Oreo date while Calvin sleeps
in the back yeah after we went swimming
went to the grocery store picked up a
few necessities and here's cheers to
that
thank you the water was so awesome today
was fun but it says the storm we didn't
stay very long
but tomorrow is supposed to be hot
beautiful the ocean is gonna be so fun I
love this I love that like we're not
like in a hotel room we're like oh no
don't do that don't touch that like this
small area the kids are running around
the kids are playing having a blast with
each other the kids are having so much
fun we're having so much fun we feel
like kids having fun yeah this is a
awesome trip yeah just waiting on our
food and then we're gonna take it back
eat food and then I think we should like
play a game or something tonight we
should do something fun when the kids
are asleep we should do something fun as
the adults so last night a sunchokes
Buddhist talk we're just talking hung
out but I think we should do some fun
some exciting Japanese alrighty sugar
but I have the goods are you sure we
want to take this back to them I mean we
can just we can just stay here and eat
it we want to do that let's go okay
let's go I guess we'll take our food to
our friends ladies and gentlemen boys
and girls I returned with glad tidings
unto thee oh my god we've got food we've
got you we've got fun night said of us
guys are you ready to have some dinner
let's dig into this good news I'm
how's everyone like in their dinner okay
good
I hope hey yeah well I don't know my
taste life because I didn't give it to
me I think that I know I was like um
officially paid for it so anyway I'm
Jesse and chips and me and Jared are
sharing and Jared was trying to do this
earlier as a personal goal he's tough
yeah the kids were asleep and so I
couldn't really do it because I didn't
want to make any kids up actually other
people do want me to wake the kids up I
just wanted to do it I want to see if I
can touch the ceiling okay okay so this
is my Beach that's a good three three
run fast
sweet sure we are all proud of you Oh
actually well ladies gentlemen boys and
girls the night is upon us the kids are
asleep and we are hanging don't miss me
garbage now Ellie tell them what
happened
hello my name is line in the garbage and
dear to my depression but I didn't
because it's really not bad it's so bad
you are so he's running under owners oh
you guys really enough for something new
I don't know if I can didn't have this
in the vlog because I don't want people
didn't own this okay anyway I'm sure a
lot of you guys are wondering what we do
at night once the vlogs are like ended
and everything like that so we're ending
our vlog a little bit later and we're
about to play a game
we're gonna play some heads up okay and
it's gonna be a lot of fun are you guys
ready to do this already I'm so sorry
you ready garbage mouth is wet and ready
ahh
well apparently what I thought we were
doing after the kids were
is a little bit different than what they
are actually doing I thought we're gonna
play a game everyone is doing snapchat
that's what's going on right now
zombies oh my gosh fuzzy hurry up
kamasutra
make now close if I go in the closet
something in the closet the box
yeah no pregnant lady cackles only cap
oh um Kathy uh uh wedgie
ha ha ha I don't think he knows routine
hey pocket oh dang it so I would say
it's not so easy after all well we're
having fun playing heads up but we are
going to call it a night on the vlog
guys so much for watching stay tuned for
more DBE jck summer vacay with all of
these guys be sure to subscribe to their
channels : in case and Brian and Missy's
it's gonna be an awesome week I am so
excited for the day's activities we will
see you tomorrow
