all right we made it to the airport are
you ready to go on vacation
well Ellie we made it to beautiful
Florida anticipates in very exciting
adventures it's beautiful and humid are
you ready I'm ready I'm ready
hey let's go have some food and meet up
with our friends we've got some friends
to meet up with let's go we're gonna
have so much fun oh let me get the door
for you Ellie that's what a husband
should do let me get the door here you
go thank you
Timmy AJ's again whether it's summer
vacay why am i doing that all the time I
always say DBE jck winter Vicki when in
fact it's actually summer vacay summer
vacation guys let's go Jack say who are
you playing with Oh a motorcycle but who
is this sweet girl
Maisie games that is a boy oh good job
no no a big kiss Jackson can you give
Mesa Gaines a big kiss and macey games
can you get right on the lips Oh Mike
okay come on up doing it they're doing
it no we are here at the beach s it
feels so good Calvin been hanging out
Finn you are not walking before Calvin I
say besides what I can work out what's
push him down you know a little the last
time we were here
Calvin was three weeks ago I'm not
insane I still can't believe I did it
hi my name was inside of Miss East oh
that's crazy
I even took me I probably would I
probably would never do it again but I
just remember at the time in Noel I felt
really good yeah and you were like fine
how is he doing this well Missy
including helped me a lot that's why I
could do it but we're here it feels so
good we're gonna go get settled 1
million so before we all go to dinner I
wanted to give you guys our room tour
last year I gave you guys your room tour
which is in there this year you walk in
and over here to the left is our little
bathroom and here's our vanity and I
just started setting up a few things
right here and then we have our shower
right here and I thought this was a cute
little shelf that they have for towels
and I moved a few the picture frames
that are right here
this is Katie and our sister how cute is
that Katie Ann :
so cute and then Katie : they put this
huge thing up for us right here that's
just a little shield thing will Calvin
I'll sleep right there
mmm hope I end up there we'll start
there we have a little thing for Jackson
the holy they're asleep right here we'll
get some pillows blankets or maybe he'll
even probably sleep with us so this is
our bed isn't this so cute I already
started unpacking a lot of things I just
have a little drawer of the kids of
snacks and then this is all of our
swimming suits but this is so cute
look at Katie and her mom seriously so
sweet
thank you so much Katie and Colin for
letting us all hang out here this is so
cute but this is our little room my mom
would love this chair so I have to show
this look how cute that is
cute but we're starving we're all gonna
go I think to Dickies barbecue for
dinner like Alvin loves the dogs well
and you just pushed her away but what
had happened was he just grabbed her
hair and pinched a little too hard
mr. C every time Calvin see dogs you
could get so excited so I think Jackson
claimed this is his toy this week you
like it you've been singing have you
been singing you guys have been playing
yeah he did he fell already he fell and
got an owie but he was tough about it he
cried for about a second he's like I'm
SOR you tough and he said I'm tough and
then he saw from there did you eat all
of your dinner
to do all of it oh you still have a
little on your mouth chew it up what's
this bit of combini pie ice cream in
okay okay this is good you ate all of
your dinner is that fun didn't eat all
your dinner you can have one too fellas
you
you're hereby chair that's some good
color oh whoa yeah you miss greenie I
got a big gorgeous a cake please okay so
me just missed it Jackson gave Macy
gains a little ice cream
oh here we go but like so he gave her a
look at the ice cream and then they both
look to each other over the eyes your
face they both her like you
kiss is always always fun yeah who
doesn't love leave home kiss right cuz
all right what's going on and here you
kids what what's going on the machine
naked he's gonna drop the leg drop in
the cup
uh-oh someone took his dinosaurs that
he's not happy about that
we just had an amazing fun exciting
definitely eventful dinner dinner from
the top row we are just getting the kids
ready for bed here and Jax is like
jumped away story time oh my goodness
gracious
Jackson do you want to read a story
we're all gonna read a story uncle Brian
is going to read us a story okay
Maisie games ollie Jackson come sit next
to Brian come on ollie how do you got a
source a friend how does a dinosaur keep
this best friend when a terrible fight
this might signal the end he's gonna
know with a scowl does he wipe muddy
feet on his favorite clients towel did
he do that ya know does he write on the
blackboard a very bad name does he tell
all the kids that his friend is to blame
yeah no he does not
doesn't not how you be a friend is it
yeah pushes run hard so he lives on the
floor yeah no you don't
nice does he tell the new teacher a very
big lie and who did the pushing and why
no he won't even try he sent a nice note
taking most of the blame he's surprised
when he finds that his friend in the
same key this is what you actually do
you're not listening Jackson this is
very important morals lesson it's round
two reading books
Jackson's laying down right here and
we've got Mesa gains a nollie and been
reading over there this is just like a
mobile say I'll see you tomorrow
Ellie you should go get it right now and
have a present for Katie and Ellie's
gonna give it to her right now of course
I did Oh actually if I notice has a book
oh sorry you didn't have to get in that
state where we're happy for baby Brooke
let's see what it is oh thank you so
much what is it it's oh sorry it's the
cover good thing like Ellie has yeah
raise another second can I rip it up for
ya
so she put over her car stupid thing -
remember the Ellie
I always said I wanted one of those not
another baby yeah oh it's such a nice
material too it's super soft maybe over
the car seat or even over yourself you
know make it a fattier I love you shut
your baby under there come on Ellen I
loved it because it like covers
everything yes turns out you can look
like a frickin shirt lift your whole
yard arch I've taken it to church just
so I'm more more you congratulations
with everything oh we're I'm really
excited
I'm sorry : we didn't get you anything
Collin inappropriate well guys we
finally made it to Florida and we are
all settled in here in the living room
all of the kids are in bed and we are
just hanging out and it's times like
these that I am just so grateful for the
YouTube community and the platform that
YouTube is if YouTube didn't exist DBE
jck summer vacay and winter vacay wasn't
exist I would have no idea who you guys
are
if we didn't have YouTube so I am so
grateful for YouTube and I'm grateful
for you guys and your friendship
and everything like that none of these
guys are even paying attention to what
I'm saying because they're all editing
and doing all of this stuff I'm saying
sentimental things I'm just waiting for
my hugs I've got the Knicks I'm going to
catch all the feeling that was oh my
gosh it's so good to have you here this
is so cool that we can do this and I'm
so grateful for your friendship and
these opportunities did take Polaroids
this week is we're gonna make more
memories like I think about last year
all the time I think about winter all
the time and it's just gonna be crazy
because the kids are older they're gonna
have memories of this having so much
like WWF fights in the
they play together more it's really
crazy yeah if you ever wonder like why
we get so excited about this kind of
stuff like its its memories and
friendship just growing together and
growing stronger if you guys want to see
our wonderful trip be sure to subscribe
to our Channel - Cullen and Katie's -
Brian and Missy's to see this whole week
from different perspectives different
fun things that we do this whole week
and we will see you guys tomorrow
where we're gonna do some fun awesome
stuff in Florida at the beach are you
guys ready
alrighty we will see you tomorrow
