Jared I think he's told you a hundred
times guy yeah should I wake up at the
mall tonight Ali
it's an emotional Ally right God daddy
I'm away we're getting ready for
vacation mode should we go on vacation
mode good morning guys what a beautiful
Saturday it is today the weather is
amazing and we have some fun activities
planned today we are spending most of
the day and we are getting ready for a
very special summer vacation that we've
been planning for some time so I've got
the boys here and Ellie is already out
with the car running some errands and
we're gonna take the stroller and meet
up with her I'm excited we're gonna go
on a really long walk it's gonna be fun
and today also I want to go stop by the
house and see what kind of changes
they've made there so it'll be fun it's
gonna be a good day let's go to it what
are you saying - mommy Jackson what say
it again Jackson you want to go and what
do you want to get say bye-bye
look at you there you go good job can
the fun - daddy thank you Ellie called
me on the phone to let me know where she
was and what she was doing and Jackson
hopped on the phone - it was like mommy
I go to the store mommy you give me a
treat you are your mother's son you know
that do you know that do you know that
do you know that
hi mama
how are you or we can have eggs together
a tree if you're a good boy
maybe we'll get a treat
water the thirsty hi hey Jackson you
ready okay put your put the cart right
there and what is it gonna give you
chocolate rainbow or s'mores I'm hoping
for s'mores
oh I'm a little jealous Jackson I won't
I guess you could just buy a box but I
don't think I'm gonna buy one today
why buy one you can get a free okay
Jackson it's gonna fall down here and I
want you to grab it okay whoa ooh
stinkin that's finding us a really good
one oh oh here oh oh where's it all
that's my email to receive a new car
today
maybe he'll give you added up by okay
Phoebe Phoebe you there this is out
funny look at his teeth a binky to me
he's good policy if I go home okay I
have to admit this is pretty pretty
amazing this is pretty fantastic this is
in fact unbelievable for me we have our
entire family for a week packed into one
suitcase can you believe that look at
that our entire family stuff right here
packed in one suitcase that my friends
is amazing family of four one suitcase
seven days 505 one two there you go this
might be the cutest thing you see all
day today Ellie is filming some videos
for her channel that are gonna go up
while we're in Florida she has some
swimming sue says she's gonna wear it
and then the kids have some new swimming
suits and so we're just playing right
now what oh no oh is that cold what do
you think yeah so we were just playing
outside I was gonna film her swimming
suits and the kids swimming suits and
we're gonna have a good time in the
water yeah you got bags look at instand
it's so bad oh my goodness oh my
goodness gracious
are you ready to play in the water young
man oh my boat I'm on a boat no I need
some sunglasses
okay I have an idea for this are you gay
Calvin come here daddy come on
there's NOLA that's not like two steps
me fall oh my gosh I think those were
legitimately Calvin's very first steps
like his real first steps happen on my
film so cuz I'm mine you better believe
I pull enough footage you put a get in
the daily vlog Kelly yeah that Calvin
I'm so proud of you that was like legit
come on forward yeah he's not just
nose-diving he's actually doing it good
job my boy what a sweet little moment we
just captured on film like holy cow how
fun is that that we have Calvin's like
first legitimate real good steps
captured forever I'm so excited I am so
happy about that Ellie I think he's so
cute oh my gosh he's the best I'm doing
it last night he was going a little bit
but it wasn't like stairs working and I
was like dude come here and then he
stalked was like oh he did it really
good so I thought you did today
so remember yesterday I was like okay
we're gonna take ten minutes oh we're
gonna clean up well it's ray and it's a
disaster
and I think that's mostly because we are
filming and we're taking everything out
of the suitcases stuff your time but
we're not leaving just yet we've still
got another day but it's about time for
like lunch dinner so I have this chicken
that I'm going to grill and
I'm very excited because it's gonna be
so tasty now to me chicken is one of the
hardest things they're grill because
there's no fat or anything around the
meat to give it time or any lean
leniency to overcook it so it's like the
very lean meat and you can dry it out
very very quickly so I'm I'm still kind
of nervous I probably could have pounded
these out a little bit flatter but I
think it's going to be pretty good I've
just got about one or two more minutes
on each side and then hopefully
hopefully it's good hopefully it's not
dried out that's the one thing I don't
want to have happen is a dry chicken
that's just bad news Jackson dry chicken
is bad news all right and the next tool
is you got a click to make sure they're
working okay and the results are decent
I'm not the happiest but I'm also not
like man so I think it'll be okay I
think it's good chicken and it's gonna
be it's gonna taste good all right guys
I just pulled up to the property and I
am like so giddy with excitement right
now they haven't done a ton but it's
already changed visually so much like
it's crazy so if you guys remember there
used to be just dirt everywhere
well they've actually like removed it
and leveled a lot of it let me show you
so there used to be a giant dirt pile
right here
maple love it'll leveled it all out and
then going back through here they've
levelled all this out and all this back
stuff here too like it's crazy how much
dirt they've removed already it's insane
it's almost like we have a backyard
already put the window wells in look at
this and then they've leveled but
they've leveled all of that stuff out -
isn't that insane that's the garage
entrance right there guys our house is
warming it's building right now this is
crazy
this is so cool I'm so excited one of
these days I'm gonna see if I can ride
this thing I think it's a good idea both
kids are in bed Jared and I have some
sweet Taco Bell he just branded the
store and got like a few little
last-minute things that oh yes hands
attached are perfect
Plus and things that we need we are
going to flow right out most of you guys
need comments if I already 99% guests
right we're going to Florida tomorrow
DBE jck summer again yes I'm a summer
summer merge down below seriously we are
so excited kids are in bed we're gonna
eat we have to wake up super duper early
I didn't realize not really if I wasn't
I was later yeah we probably have to
leave here early and I have a lot of
computer stuff that I have to get ready
for tomorrow okay we'll see you tomorrow
thanks for watching bye I'm not gonna
have a three-vehicle open the trash I'm
not gonna have a three-vehicle this time
