what are those you put them on yep say
I'm too cool
good morning guys today is what is
supposed to be my very last time going
to the dentist office for my Invisalign
but let's get really close if you can
notice though it still really crowded so
I'm going in today to for my last
appointment and I'm pretty sure they're
going to rescan my teeth and give me a
few more trays not give me and had to
buy a few more trays good morning guys I
hope you're having a great day I just
wanted to give a quick little update
first off and foremost I am feeling
quite a bit better my throat still is a
little bit sore but yesterday's
activities were absolutely crazy and
something that I never ever ever ever
ever ever want to do again we did some
challenges yesterday and they it got a
little intense for me and my body I
wanted to give a little update on my
diet and how things are going with that
it was almost I think almost to the day
one month ago I said I wanted to try
something experiment something and see
what I could do for I don't know if I
said this in the vlog but I wanted to
try it for a month and just see what
happened I was doing the slow carb diet
that Tim Ferriss talks about if you guys
listen to his podcast or anything like
that I listen to him I actually lost 8
pounds in the the time that I was doing
it and I see most of it like in my face
I like especially like right in through
here that's where most of my weight is
lost
that's my experimentation with that diet
I really wanted to try and see how it
worked and I definitely think it gave me
results not exactly the results that I
wanted mostly because that's my fault
I thought that was a pretty fun
experiment for me to try I'm definitely
going to keep it up so I hope that was
helpful for you guys if you guys are
doing anything like that let me know in
the comments down below I'm anxious to
hear what you guys thought or did or
have done
that was so interesting of McNellis
Azure he did a new kind of scan where
they opened up my mouth rather than like
the gel where you pressed down and he
was scanning my mouth for the new trays
so pretty much he agreed with what I was
saying was the top teeth look really
good the bottom teeth are still crowded
so they're doing another set so it could
take three weeks worth of wearing these
trays again it could take up to ten
weeks again so just depends on whatever
the Invisalign says once he sends the
molds to them so I'm really excited to
show you guys the before and after
pictures because the before that one
down there was really really turned so
since when did you get so big huh when
did you decide to grow up Jackson looks
so big to me you look so bang us I've
been running a ton of errands today and
I picked Jackson up and we got a little
cookie and we got a little drink and
we're just sitting here on the curb
having a little date and we're going
into one last door we're getting ready
for our family vacation and I'm usually
what I like to do is if we go on a long
trip or if they're having to sit for a
long time I like to bring something new
to them like a new toy
and not like a huge like expensive toy
or anything like that but just like a
coloring book or stickers or like a
dollar toy or just something new for
them to have because it kind of
interests them a little longer so I'm
just here at the little toy store and
I'm gonna look at a few little things
that they have for our trip but I love
our little dates I love I love this I
love that he's just kind of hanging out
with me and we're just eating a little
cookie together we show him what we
found Jackson so Jackson will see these
but I'll put them away when we get home
and till you can have them when we go on
our little trip but so far we got a
little dinosaur coloring book I just saw
one of these and Jackson loves I always
say it's spider-man so sorry Jared I'm
confusing our son yeah I mean it's
Superman actually the man oh good job
got a few little goodies for a little
trip whoo
thought that one of the most fun toys
that these boys could have would be this
little pink chair these guys love taking
it this little cushion off and just
jumping around playing on it they'll go
from here to there from there to here
yeah you hear that oh hey boys are you
having fun I honestly like wonder what's
going through their head right now are
they like imagining something are they
just playing and having fun like what
would it be like to be two years old
again and what would go through your
head like I wish I could knew what I was
thinking when I was at age like how fun
would that be to go back in time think
huh are you guys having fun you boys
having fun today yeah huh-huh
good great good wonderful okay yeah
what are those you put him on yep say
I'm too cool so we made our way over to
Bonnie and Joel's house because they're
getting their heart was done today now
the funny thing is the same guy who's
doing their hardwood floor is doing our
hardwood floors in our house that we're
building and so he brought some samples
with us because well he's coming up here
to our town
he's got the samples with us so Ellie
and I we have lunch with Bonnie and Joel
and the kids and we're looking at some
samples these are all the samples now
these are what kind of what are these
four here Hickory and this is a white
oak
and this is Hickory with a darker stain
and everything this isn't like the color
it will be this is just like the wood
the width and stuff like that and like
the the style of the grain and the
scraped edges these are seven inch width
and then this is like a three four five
width I think I like the the wider ones
I wish you would have filmed our
conversation because we both are like we
had clicked at the same time we both
wanted the bigger ones loved the smaller
one I don't know that's beautiful but
for our home for is open-concept as it
is
jaren I decided to go with whiter would
play but we also like the variety so
we're gonna do a five six seven I think
that's what we're doing yeah is that
good yeah
good do we agree nothing says summertime
like a sack lunch and a grape soda and
your cute little hat I just love that
thing
yeah we're just out here enjoying some
lunch it's a beautiful day summer time
so I'm sure you guys have been looking
at me all day and you're like oh Ellie I
have been thinking the same thing don't
you worry
but I was gonna tell Bonnie we love our
hair lady we love our eyelash lady we
love you Natalie so it's not her but we
asked for a little more dramatic
eyelashes this time and I don't love
them because I do I look angry I don't I
haven't been wearing a lot of makeup
lately like today just have a little bit
of CC cream on and like a dab of blush
hi John I don't know I'm you were dark
and heavy and like I feel like I should
do this all day and so Bonnie got the
same kind and I just fight they're doing
much dark as yours or much as I don't
look at yours and I don't think that
uh-huh do you look at me and think that
no I don't but I like him a little bit
darker but these a little I like the
softer ones on you for sure
me too I got them a little more for our
trip but I actually shouldn't does they
do not look back but I know you like a
soft little thing I think how do you
like mine not only did a really good job
on mine so natural I love them everybody
took naps and we are all in swimming
suits and look at these two cuties look
at them look how cute they are sitting
there eating popsicles together I'm
filling up their little pool and their
little water table and we're all gonna
just like hang out and the Sun for a few
hours
tears it is a beautiful day look - I
cannot even believe it
ooh learning how to hold a popsicle
little cold on your hand don't get much
flavor with the stick
how come kids why why you so really what
are you doing what oh you can say how
come kids are the sweetest I'm not a
very patient person but it says having
kids I have a ton of patient and I am
very patient with the kids and I'm
packing and both of them are were
crawling on me both of them were
screaming my head hurts I was just like
get onto me and I like I kind of like
pushed both of them away I was like let
me be and Jackson he looked at me anyway
god I mean he kissed me and I thought
yeah I knew I was what are you doing ah
rare he knew I was frustrated and he
knew a kiss would make me feel better I
just thought that was so cute of you and
not very nice to me but at the same time
mom is needed just to have a little
break for just a minute no screaming
crying babies in my ear right now but I
just thought that was really cute oh no
it's the Hulk with glasses in a wand and
he says doing his moves oh no watch out
careful he's going into attack mode
he's going into attack mode Oh No and
it's arch nemesis is here too what are
we gonna do we're surrounded by these
guys careful careful careful whoa whoa
whoa hey did you have a good bath you
look so stinking cute in those glasses
young man hey and you're just bouncing
around
are you the bouncing boy and your Hulk
glasses with wand
those are your superhero names I
couldn't think of anything better on the
sauce so that's what you're gonna get
gosh dang guys to start this clip over
cuz Ellie's not wearing any pants what I
was trying to say was the house is a
disaster and we're packing for a trip
that we're about to go on that we
haven't talked much about but you'll see
here soon
so we're gonna take the next ten minutes
and we're all going to help are you
gonna help clean we're all going to do
our part and we're gonna
for the next ten minutes before we go to
bed okay let's go all right well we got
the living room clean - Ellie put on
some pants and we are going to call it a
night the lines here and she didn't have
pants on when I came over and I walk
around ladies and gentlemen meet my wife
Ellie mica and the crowd goes wild
um Ellie the bunny are making some fun
plans here days I don't wear pants
this been 2 years I remember when you
would just walk in from work and she was
still on forgetting you would do that
hey got your pants I remember walking
and like luckily there are no windows on
our door like our place here because I
know people would see you so do you guys
do that honestly there's a saying home
is where the pants aren't right I love
home I I love home very much anyway
thank you guys so much for watching I
want you to guess where we're planning
on going leave in the comments below I
think a lot of you guys already know my
god ok I'll see you tomorrow bye
