she saw us young rich and a little drink
yo keiki good cakes no I don't think I
think I'm a pancake
pammi it really is ten o'clock and
Calvin is still asleep feet I'm halfway
through the night slept with us and I
woke up this morning at like a nine
o'clock and he was still su so I moved
in and he's still asleep was ten o'clock
I think as we've gone through a growth
spurt for Jackson it's time to get
dressed I think the boys are going to
match today this is Jackson's outfit
this is Calvin's outfit you look so good
okay let's do your hair oh and you got
your pocket for your little mint perfect
that way you don't lose it huh hey buddy
oh how are you did you just wake up and
it's 10:15 what are you some sort of
teenager on the weekend in the
summertime oh my goodness I've never
seen you sleep that long before you
feeling okay yeah oh not now daddy not
now okay come here come here
let's get you out oh I love my morning
snuggles hmm shocking news knuckles its
10:28 and he just woke up you ready to
see he's gotta be hungry
tell me if you've gotta be hungry
look at him squeezing I know he was
doing that to me too he gives hug yes he
does kisses he wraps around you're
pretty good perhaps and holds tight he's
like a boa constrictor
are you our little snake now did you
evolve from a turtle to a snake and
you're just wrapping around us is that
what you're doing you've got to be
hungry he feels good it feels good just
was toy oh yes hi my neck he is that's
so cute
mmm this is heaven like I love my kids
like this is heaven so Calvin is
recovering from being sick for the last
few days he's been really good but I
also know that he is popping a bottom
tooth and he has been so cuddly since he
has woke up isn't it 11:00 and he's just
just lays his head on me if I lay him
down you kind of just wants me to pick
him up and hold him I'll lay your head
down Oh dry your head down he's looking
at his cousins playing outside lay your
head down
you just took tired the day after I was
sick that's how I felt I just like laid
all day like I couldn't get out of bed
but he wasn't like that but maybe it's
just catching up to him or teething I
don't know he's so tired
but I secretly think it's really cute
so we're filming a little geekify video
today here and I want to show you the
inside of this cart real quick just a
quick little sneak peek and I want you
guys to guess what we're doing the hairs
on the back of my neck are already
standing up I'm so nervous
I don't know I don't know if this is
good for my health Alex every time
this one's good too oh geez every time
we do a geekify guys video I always say
this is the most nervous I've ever been
in my entire life and it stands true
every time we film video like I'm so
nervous right now so Jackson and I and
Jared have a little gift for Boston and
Cody this one is for Cody and you can go
home and hatch it and this one is for
Boston
yeah that one's a volcano mine and you
have yours inside huh yes so you're
gonna go home and put it in water and
it'll hatch thank you you're welcome
oh my goodness gracious oh my goodness
gracious
I feel like every time I do a video with
geekify guys I'm either hurt harm if I
have to throw up and right now I'm about
to throw up hope he just woke up from a
nap
Calvin's sleeping guess what I packed a
little lunch I think we're gone a little
walk in a minute
go get the hospital before we go on our
walk I think one of my favorite geekify
guys videos that we have had that turned
out the best just went up on the channel
just a couple days ago it's the milk and
donuts challenge I'll have a link down
below but it involves donuts milk and a
car right now we're getting ready for
the next one and I'll just show that
stuff right there I don't do well with
hot stuff Derral well you didn't do all
with Donuts either no you guys gotta
check it out oh so amazing but ah my
stomach was really queasy on the last
video now my mouth is gonna be doing
something crazy well not just my mouth I
don't know it's gonna be a long day I'm
nervous but I'm excited oh it's gonna be
good it's gonna be good I promise
okay here are the contestants for the
next video that we are filming obviously
you can tell it's a spicy wing challenge
but I like I said before I don't do well
with spicy things I will you know tear
up and I just can't digest and eat them
very well but Darryl is like a pro at it
so one of the fun things about geekify
guys is that we kind of we do these
competitions and it's almost like we
trade off like we do something that I'm
pretty good at we do something that he's
pretty good at like we had
Star Wars day and that was a lot of fun
so it's just these fun competitions that
we do in these gaming videos that we do
and it's just we basically have a lot of
fun making these videos and we challenge
ourselves to do these things so if you
guys have any challenges that you want
to see us do leave in the comments down
below because I think that'd be kind of
fun so to be honest I really didn't know
what I was going to do this evening with
the kids I didn't really want to go to a
park I kind of wanted just to go on a
little walk and I'm here at a place that
I haven't really been very much Calvin
just had a blowout and I forgot the
camera so this is really fun but he had
a blow so we're trying to figure out if
I should just pack up and go home or I
don't even know I'm glad that I ended up
just getting out of the house and coming
because all Calvin wants is for me to
hold him and all Jackson wants is to
hold a rock and play at the stick so
Jackson's happy Calvin's happy and mom's
happy this weather is beautiful the
scenery is beautiful look at the
beautiful mountains it's so pretty here
so we are gonna go get me a sandwich and
just look at our surroundings he is
pretty happy good give me what did you
say a happy cheery I'm so glad you're
happy you see the funny oh my goodness I
don't know where he went
honey what there he goes running up
there there's one there was a few of
them running around I think this is the
perfect spot to eat our dinner is look
at that big rock this says Jackson all
over the place so we're going to take a
little seat over here this is a little
view of where we're going to eat our
dinner actually it's six o'clock
Charice unless young rich and a little
drink yes good cake pancakes no I don't
think I think I'm a pancake do you know
that you are the only child that I will
drink after they drink young Calvin
other than that drinking a drink after a
child drinks a drink
and sometimes be really gross you might
drink to that Kevin I have your very own
these are the remains of the video that
we just filmed my mouth my lips my
tongue I've never ever felt that before
in my entire life and I hate it
it was so so bad you will have to see
because I just don't do well with hot
things but we are filming one last
geekify guys video today and we are
enlisting the help of my father and dad
who are about to dom the apparel of
geekify guys I'm very excited for you to
help us out it's gonna be really good I
am so honored I feel nervous for so the
stupid Dragon Ball Z and Pokemon I you
did good on Harry Potter ha ha ha
why am i nervous I don't know but you
sent me
okay I'm not scaling that I smelled
yours yep smell mine and sardines and
SpaghettiOs no not a good idea
I think that blows the bean boozled
challenge out of the water that was the
worst thing ever you got a little oh
shoot I still have it on there boss I
can smell it on your breath tonic water
and some other stuff gosh I immediately
regret that decision I don't know whose
idea this was but it wasn't very good I
yeah
the smoothie challenge is not I mean I
enjoyed the trivia trivia was fun maybe
we should just stick to trivia and not
any punishing things outdrink you with
pink balls oh that was right in the face
okay yeah but you had a mask oh good
match oh that was nasty if you guys have
ever done the smoothie challenge let me
know in the comments below and how you
made it out alive oh you're gonna be
able to drive home oh I lost this thing
that was my I have an issue because I do
the sympathy puke I threw up back there
and you threw up well I'm gonna show him
this oh that's disgusting we'll work on
some strong oh oh oh well then I think
we're in a little bit of a pickle I just
went to the front door and it's locked -
oh so Ellie is putting the kids to bed I
she texted me said the kids were crying
so she's probably rocking Calvin or
laying with Jackson to get them to sleep
and she probably can't come down to open
the garage door or the front door and I
don't have my keys so I'm locked outside
of my own house and you're not feeling
well
yes I have lots of hot beans today I had
hot wing challenge honestly this is the
worst my stomach has felt in my entire
life I don't know how much how much
longer I can wait before using the
bathroom and it's gonna be bad please
hurry Ellie we're all counting on you
well I finally made it inside beta to
the bathroom okay I honestly think this
is the worst my stomach has ever felt in
my life I have no idea which direction
it's gonna go but it's bad whoo Elly's
downstairs myth Calvin who's not going
to sleep I think we're just gonna lay
down and see we can rock him but I think
that's going to be it from us today
thank you guys for watching the video
we'll see you guys tomorrow
