Ellie do you remember that one time that
I said if I can find any excuse to have
a party we would yes well I think I've
found
here we go
good morning guys and welcome to the
very first day of year three of vlogging
le can you believe this this is crazy
well first off and foremost how are you
feeling I'm so much better showered fill
amazing washing my sheets good just
organizing some of the we have yes so
we're actually going through all of our
like suitcase and luggage and our travel
bags because I have a goal in life
we're traveling a lot lately two years
ago we should have I want to be able to
just grab a suitcase and just go so
Ellie and I are going through our travel
bags right now and we're getting like
all the miniature stuff ready to go
Ellie's got her bag all set up we've got
a list of things that I need to get and
we're going through our suitcases just
so we can like have stuff ready to go to
school throw stuff yep so that's what
we're doing today is getting ready for
stuff cuz maybe maybe just maybe there's
a fun trip coming up soon
foreshadowing Jackson that's called
foreshadowing Calvin don't be mad at me
you are okay this on anymore it's so
funny how some kids hate stuff like this
and some kids don't mind Jackson never
cared to have hats on him I need you to
get used to wearing a little hat you
love GU Bert I am feeling so much better
but I am still very tired and weak like
after Reagan Calvin down the stairs and
getting him dressed like oh my stomach
feels kind of weak well I've kind of
gone through the house and sanitized all
the doorknobs and Jared thank you so I
cheated a lot of laundry yesterday so I
had to do much today but I've just kind
of cleaned up sanitized a little bit I
don't think Jackson Jarrell I'll get it
because they haven't gotten it yet we'll
see but we've kept these really cleans
hopefully the bug is gone hopefully no
more bugs around the house alright boys
would you stop messing around you're
just playing with this ball while dad's
trying to take it very important stuff
Calvin I need to pay attention kay we've
got some very important tasks to to what
about you Jackson are you ready to do
some very important tasks
we're here at the grocery store for a
very particular reason I just got off
the phone with my grandma not too long
ago and she gave us the best recipe in
the world like it is the best we are
going to make some beef stew to last us
for the next few days and grandma makes
it the best so she gave me her recipe
got it right here and we're gonna get
all the ingredients while these kids are
just messing around so I got all the
groceries that I need and I also got a
bunch of travel stuff because we might
be going somewhere soon more on that
later
but I got all this stuff for the beef
stew from Grandma and what I'm thinking
in what my mom and I were actually
talking about is it would be really fun
to do it what's in Ellie's belly with
Grandma making the stew let me know if
you guys would be interested in this
because you know if your grandma's like
my grandma you just can't beat grandmas
beef stew so let me know if that's
something of interest to you guys can
you put a smile on your face dinosaur is
ready to come out are you ready to have
them Jackson should we open him up it'll
match your other ones they're kind of
like weird feelings and gross I kind of
like why his nose on this there you go
go ahead and grab it
Oh Jackson you know what I think that
looks like a Stegosaurus you say
Stegosaurus pretty good
hmm that means the dinosaurs alive
Jackson that looks so cool show our
friends what the dinosaur looks like Wow
thank you that's dinosaur frien love you
yeah and we have two other little
dinosaurs we have this really cool other
one and this one that we're gonna give
to Cody I think maybe tomorrow we'll go
over and give those to them I think
they'll like that
are you throwing him that's a lot of fun
so we're out here hanging out and the
fun son and I decided these boys it's
about time I think it's okay that they
both have red bikes they need to have a
race you want to have a race they've
been out here for a while riding their
bikes I just thought it was so cute
watching them Wow okay ready set
Calvin you guys seem ready ready set go
go good job Jackson come on Calvin push
come here here I'll help you go oh good
good job good job a good job Jackson I
fight yeah you'll probably beat him if
you walk like that there you go dad
right behind you
that fine yes oh you better hurry he's
gonna beat you again he's get beat yeah
what did we find these yeah be is seem
to love these kind of flowers
aunt Ruby has these in her front yard
you see all the bees you gotta be really
careful not to touch them cuz they're
doing their thing don't pinch it no no
he'll he'll pinch you do you remember
when you got bit by a by a bee sting
Calvin what you doing what you doing
I think the key with kids most of the
time is distraction I finally was able
to get Calvin to wear his little hat by
distraction of the water table that way
the Sun doesn't get your head huh so
this is usually what it looks like what
I'm cooking is the kids kind of play at
my feet usually they play in this door
this is kind of like our junk drawer but
the kids will sit and play right here
and I am just getting the Sun soup
cooked up some beef stew sounds pretty
good to me even though we're feeling
better this just sounds kind of yummy
and hearty and soft on my stomach so I
have the water going the onion and the
meat going and then I call my mom every
single time I make this I write it down
and I still call her to double-check you
add the meat and the onion into the
water and the flavoring right there and
you let that cook and then you on first
celery then carrots then potatoes in
that order but I always call my mom and
always ask her what are these days I'm
gonna have her come and make her soups
as they what's at Ellie's belly that way
I have it
because my mom does have a recipe shoes
together so that way I can document it
and I mean it's always wonderful mom
that way I'm have it forever
Kelly why am I so awful oh my gosh are
you okay okay turn it okay yeah you're
supposed to cut the vegetables not
yourself Ellie I don't eat you for
dinner
that's silly how's dinner coming along
by the way good good hmm
smells good smells good hey Jackson I
have to go run a quick errand okay okay
balloons check poster board check party
poppers check big markers check sound
makers check other things check check
check we've got everything okay Jackson
are you ready to go home and make a
really big fun exciting mess before we
go to bed I need a little more
excitement than that you want to see
baby Calvin that sweet Jackson can I get
it yeah that's my boy you're excited
we're gonna put these balloons to good
use
let's do it Kayleigh are you ready for
this yeah well Ellie I asked if you were
ready were you ready this is the
aftermath of the intro when we were at
California that was a huge mess okay
we've got to clean this up year three
here we are you believe this it's so
crazy guys I've been looking back at the
past two years of videos and last year I
did a really cool video where I did one
second of every vlog for the entire year
and that's like one of my favorite
videos cuz you get a glimpse of the
entire year yeah isn't that so cool we
have done so much in the past two years
if you think about it we moved we've had
Calvin we've done all of these amazing
things and we're building a house now
but all I can tell you is that year
three is going to be the biggest it's
going to be the best and it's gonna be
the most exciting I can already think
about this morning he goes you know
what's weird is we're filming our life
and
it just so happens that we're in the
stage of life where we started filming
right out of college and now a few years
later out of college were in the stage
of life of we're having kids we're
getting a home maybe some future pets
you know that we're kind of moving into
that different part of our life and so
it's really fun that we are one
documenting it for ourselves and - you
guys are following our journey on but
we're documenting this for other people
to share happiness and joy and that's
all we could ever hope for and like
every day I think if we can make someone
smile through these videos then I feel
like these are worth it and I hope that
you guys watch these in videos and just
have fun and enjoy the same way that we
are doing like I hope you guys have the
same smile that we do because you guys
mean so much to us and we're so glad
that you are here along for the ride
with us it means so much to us so thank
you guys so much for watching if you are
ready for year three and you are brand
new be sure to subscribe and hit the
thumbs up button because it's going to
be crazy thank you guys
maybe Calvin will walk in the next thank
you guys so much for watching we will
see you tomorrow bye
