this kid has the hiccups and I can't
tell if it's cute or it is a ticking
time bomb just waiting to mom and hiccup
is that what you're gonna do I'm gonna
throw a pickup on me huh
throw hiccup vomit duck up ticka ticka
ticka ticka
good morning guys I hope you are having
a wonderful day and I hope you are
feeling good because Ellie and Calvin
are not Jackson is Mommy and Calvin sick
yeah they have not been feeling on
they're upstairs right now sleeping so
Jackson guess what
you and I have to go full-on nurse mode
to take care of our family members are
you ready to take on the task hey let's
do it
so because we just got home yesterday
from our trip we have a lot of laundry
to do and because of the events last
night with Calvin being sick we have a
lot of dishes to do too so while Ellie
and Calvin are resting I am going to
take care of all of that stuff I feel
terrible Ellie I can hear upstairs is
just not feeling good at all so I'm
going to take care of all of this and
take care of them and hopefully they
feel a little bit better by the end of
the day okay I think I'm all done in the
kitchen here is a little Dino update
here is the dinosaur that Jackson has
shaken up to oblivion inside little jar
and here is the Dino that is slowly
cracking out of his shell Jackson is
going to be so excited to have those
dinosaurs to play with okay kitchen
check yes now it is time to do some
laundry and the thing about laundry is
that colors and things and I don't know
all of the differences that Ellie does
she is so much smarter than me when it
comes to this kind of stuff like when I
was in college my did laundry I just
threw everything in one wash and I just
washed it was good I thought it turned
out great but there's a very particular
set of things you have to do when you do
wash you can't you can't dry these
blankets Jared you just can't dry these
Kay these are special you can't dry them
so there are certain things that I have
to go through this is going to be a very
delicate process and we're gonna do it
together kay we can make it through
laundry day
hey Calvin hi buddy how are you feeling
okay
this kid has the hiccups and I can't
tell if it's cute or if it's a ticking
time bomb just waiting to mom and hiccup
is that what you're gonna do I'm gonna
throw a pickup on me huh
throw hiccup vomit stuck-up ticket
ticket ticket ticket you seem to be
feeling better that's a good boy last
night was rough wasn't it you're a
trouper though I just got Calvin down
for a nap and let's go in and see how
he's feeling right now I just heated
this up this little rice bag for her
yeah it's really warm I did it for the
instructed amount of time as to not
overheat and void warranties or
something like that
how you doing like you getting up there
like no no you just stay in bed and you
relax okay
I love you hey being sick is literally
the worst
thank you tell myself I'll take a bath
and I'll get up so I take advantage of
like three but I'd get up and like no I
can't do it like my head just close your
eyes
hmm I'm just glad that Calvin was like
the loss yeah yeah so how the whole
situation was last night is we put
Calvin down to bed and I went in to go
check on him and I was like what is that
smell that's gross and turns out he
thrown up and so we you know gave him a
bath and took care of him and basically
just held him until I fell asleep in
well the whole night yeah he slept with
us in bed and it was a like 1:00 in the
morning he kind of like woke up and
threw up again and then 5:00 in the
morning we heard this like there
welcome and he just had like the worst
diarrhea ever and I felt so bad for the
guy because you can like hear it in his
voice that he's in pain I just felt so
bad so we've been snuggling taking naps
but he's out you in his own crib right
now he's actually doing really good with
his nap and Ellie's been resting here
and all day
look I don't um thank you grandma for
watching Jeff's grandma was so nice to
come over and pick up Jackson for a
little bit so that's very cool - well
good morning Starshine the earth says
hello how are you feeling well you look
cute in your onesie how's the soup I
made for you hot soup is great
I like this is lookin good I'm glad you
like it my head I don't like I want to
shave my hair off yeah your hair hurts
oh I hate when your hair hurts like
that's the worst thing ever
stay tuned for tomorrow's vlog when
Ellie shakes her head and this little
boy is feeling so much better so I'm
actually really glad Calvin has been
doing opposite of why he was like last
night he's doing so good so I'm thinking
this is just like a quick 24-hour bug
I'm really hoping Ellie has the same
results as Calvin otherwise if he if
Ellie doesn't we can figure out and we
can say that Calvin is a superhuman and
is immune to a lot of things that us
normal human beings like you and me
aren't because Turtles have a really
strong immune system like the Mongoose
okay so I feel like I have those two
situated enough at least for a little
bit Joel just gave me a call and asked
if I would help him take some stuff off
the trailer to the dumb so I'm looking
for my gloves right now oh they're there
and we are going to do just that
so getting a lot of them today I
actually feel really good getting a lot
of stuff done crossing off all the boxes
it feels pretty good to be accomplished
and gets things done well I can't say
this is the best smelling place I've
ever been but Joel and Bonnie are doing
a bunch of remodeling so we're about to
get rid of a bunch of their remodeling
old house stuff how do you feel about
getting rid of all this old house stuff
I'm happy this is the last okay let's do
it
hi is he watching to me huh hi Jackson
how are you did you have fun at
Grandma's oh yeah you go you want to go
okay give me that give me eggs oh oh I
missed you that is right you want to go
down the slide you go daddy's right
oh you did you go down this leg oh good
I think this is the best give me kiss
before I feed the kids dinner and get
them ready for bed there's just a few
things that I wanted to say first off
thanks grandma for offering to take
Jackson for a couple hours it was really
helpful so I appreciate that
secondly I feel like there's a pretty
big difference between when I'm sick and
when Ellie's sick Ellie takes a lot
better care of me when I'm sick than I
have previously when she has been sick
so this time around I really really
wanted to do a good job she came first
no matter what
I did the dishes I did the laundry
because I know that she wants me to feel
good and feel taken care of so I want to
do the same for her Ellie I really hope
you feel better and I hope that you saw
a difference today in the previous times
because I know I was slacking before but
I really wanted to make sure that Ellie
felt good while she felt sick if that
makes any sense
secondly today as you're watching this
it'll be June first but for me it's May
31st and yesterday two years ago and I
haven't done this in a while because I
sometimes I get embarrassed when I talk
about things are going Rance on like
that because sometimes I get a little
emotional and everything but yesterday
two years ago I asked myself and I asked
Ellie what would you do if you weren't
afraid it was two years ago yesterday
that we decided that we're gonna try
daily vlogs for like a week and just see
what happens and see how we liked it and
what we did and just go from there and
we haven't stopped since and it's been
two years starting tomorrow we will be
vlogging for two years straight without
missing a day
and I just think like that is so crazy
to me looking back on two years of daily
vlogs is like the coolest thing to be
able to do is just go back on every
single day and see exactly what we did
what we said and and how much we enjoyed
our daily life and it's just cool
tomorrow we start year three of daily
vlogs I can't think of a better thing to
have happen to our family right now then
documenting our life for two years what
would you do if you weren't afraid I'm
so glad I asked myself that question and
I'm so glad that we're still doing that
that we made a change and we decided to
do something that seemed hard that go
everything going on in our life it would
be a little bit more difficult but
looking back I am so grateful that we
did so now I ask you guys again and I'm
gonna do it tomorrow - what would you do
if you weren't afraid leave in the
comments down below something that you
would do that's out of the ordinary a
little bit something that stretches you
out of your comfort zone something that
makes you want to do something a little
bit better each day let me know what it
is god I can't wait to see it I am going
to take care of my family regress in the
evening but we are going to call it a
night thank you guys for 2 years of
support 700 and nearly 20,000 of you
guys make our lives every single day so
thank you from the bottom of our hearts
we appreciate it and from those who have
been following us from the very very
beginning can you believe this like how
crazy is it thank you we'll see you
tomorrow bye
