what does daddy say what else does daddy
say good morning guys
today my family and I were always I
gonna play sardines or we're all gonna
go to the cemetery we're all kind of
gathered in here we're just waiting to
get ready to go we are going up to
Parker cemetery where I have some
grandparents and family members that are
buried and we're all going up there
we're gonna celebrate Memorial Day put
some flowers on some headstones and see
our cousins and family and we're all
really excited I take you on a tour okay
starts right here okay we stopped on our
drive and mom pulled us over and we're
gonna go a little tour let's go Oh a
driving tour oh never mind we're getting
back in the car I'm gonna hone a little
trunk
we were already sure like I'm exciting
I've hopped out of this car so this is
where my grandma grew up and her home
washed away mom is taking us on a little
tour of her family history of my grandma
grandpa who we were going to go visit
the cemetery my grandma grandpa I love
and I look up to them so much they got
married young I think my god I made it
like 17 she had nine children one of
them passed away and we're just all
going up and we're going to be together
as a family and mom is just showing us
as we are driving this is the area of
where my grandma grandpa
dated courted married had children this
whole area so it's really fun to have
her show us where this
house was where her home was growing up
so we're just going on a little tour
this is where my great grandma grandpa
Mortensen lived home was look at that
and just up the road a little bit is
where my great grandma and grandpa
Roylott look at that though is their
home isn't this crazy so many memories
and then just up the road was your other
great-great grandma right Wow Wow
amazing
we're going on a house tour we got
grandma grandpa we got Bonnie and Joel
and we've got Ruby and Kevin okay all
the kids are gathering in front of this
little barn that my mom's great-grandpa
built and my great-grandpa also built
this home and my grandpa grew up Pierce
this is like where my grandpa grew up
and so we're all getting the pictures
pictures of all the kids in front of it
so this is where my mom's uncle Robert
lives and this is the little home that
my grandma and grandpa forced their
first seven years of marriage lived they
had several kids here and guess this
without water didn't have water and they
had kids here they didn't have all their
kids here but I believe they had their
first three here they washed the diapers
out in the creek and they fixed up a
little kitchen in there with the pan and
she just brought her water in I think
this is good for me to come in here and
listen I feel like I appreciate what I
have but it just goes to show that you
can do anything like they had four
children here and this is just where it
all started this cute home like this is
where my grandma cooked like I love my
grandma I love stories about her and you
know she raised my mom like this is
where it started and I just think it's
wonderful that I can see this this isn't
so crazy we're all like right wrenching
it's it's Henry to me I'm there just
talking about this is the home that my
grandma came home to when she lost her
first baby you know like this is where
she lived I thought this is this is our
home because it was mom's home and they
raised mom yes
that's a better way of putting it where
we come from I don't know what we just
love this with
this is where we can come from pretty
much this is so cool grandma's house
reword it care whose jet backside jump
on funny let me jump on your back well
don't say for it hit your head on the
road okay oh good just hold strong look
mom this is like her home wow that's so
cool I can watch all his video look at
that that was her whole mom loved it I'm
so glad you took us here thanks bonbon
you're welcome Paul I heard that all
growing up so this is what we would you
follow me this is my mom's aunt Thelma
she said you can run through my house
but you can't run through my garden um
but this this is her home I think it's
so fun to be here cute
so I think this is the Creek that mom
would swim in is this where we're at mom
is this the creek it's women oh my gosh
this is it and it's just like this you
just I do want to go swim in it now
you
you
you
we are at my mom's uncle Chad's
house and it is amazing is this cute
little home with beautiful property we
have families and uncles cousins second
cousins we are all here and we are all
gonna hang out chat and play and eat
some food
le I challenge you to Alonso ball
tournament
I will soup so hard do you accept my
challenge
okay step up to the plate and you can go
first
you have the home court advantage try
and get those yep so the top one is one
point in the middle ones two points the
bottom was three points and after we're
all done throwing we tally up okay oh so
close but so far went one point while
after I go look at this boy he's so
happy oh thank you baby boy dr. Bundy
nod off yeah he did he won Oh
oK we've all been here we've all had fun
we've all and if I think it's time that
we go back to our favorite ice cream
shop and Idaho Falls with everybody
ready
okay break little bit ice cream this is
where I would always go and get ice
crowing up at Reed's dairy
block the first ice cream yes that was
my favorite without for a Mama's okay
ready
thank you well we had our ice cream it
was delicious we washed our hands we
petted the animals not necessarily in
that order but it is now time for us to
go home
you guys ready Jackson are you ready
Calvin are you ready yes I am I'm ready
to go mad so much fun today is Vanessa
but I'm ready to go home my ride oh good
answer
okay let's drive home you know what
Ellie I actually just had a really good
idea what we should do some movie magic
and instantaneously transport home are
you guys ready well I wish it was that
and this that it is that easy that's
exactly right
ready one two and oh my gosh
instantaneous travel two and half hours
done just like the heads are done you
know I don't know why we do this don't
do this more often
oh wait I know exactly why I have to go
to bathroom so bad oh my goodness do we
have some progress on our Dino Oh
Jason what is it doing do you want to
take it out and that has other one look
at it buddy it's coming out it's
cracking do you like that yeah it's good
that's a good thing the Dino is growing
yeah hey Jackson I have a question for
you what is the Hulk say oh yeah
Oh smash what does daddy say what else
does daddy say
and cousin acts in that today yeah we
were asking him like well all the farm
animals said head Jackson was like the
horse neigh what does the Sheep say yeah
that's right and then Ellie's cousin
said what does daddy say and you said he
said sit down I thought that was so
funny
we're just getting ready for bed and I
wanted to take a minute real quick we
take this day to remember those who have
given their lives fighting for something
that they believe in so we can live the
way that we live today and I am so
grateful for our family members who
fought in wars to have the freedoms that
we have today and I'm grateful that
Ellie's family did the same thing it's
so clear that our ancestors gave their
lives to do something that they really
believed in and I hope that one day I
can have the same impact on our
posterity that they did for us I leave
that with you guys I hope you have a
wonderful day and a great week and we
will see you guys tomorrow Jack say
thanks for watching
snaking let me see you tomorrow bye bye
you say bye you can't talk yet
