he's just a little excited but luck oh
my gosh my gosh it's right there do you
see it
there's you
there's one thing for sure that I know
about kids is they don't forget things
Jackson woke up this morning and what
did you say
he wants his dinosaur egg
okay Jackson there's your dinosaur egg
should we open it up and hatch it let's
do it so what we do is we open this up
and we put it in some water should we do
that okay Jackson shake it do you hear
something in there Jackson okay
okay Jackson so what we do now is we put
that egg in that water and we wait until
it hatches to see what comes out okay
let's put the egg in the water okay put
the egg in the water put all the way in
there drop it in there good job okay let
go and now we watch it we'll put it
right here and throughout the day we'll
watch it and see what happens okay and
it might crack and it might get bigger
and then and then a dinosaur will come
out should we do that Kate Jackson we
have your egg all in the water and now
we just have to wait and see what
happens okay it might take a day it
might take two days but we'll just leave
it right here and we'll keep a close eye
on it okay I wonder because we're
leaving today on the trip we could put
another egg in here and take it with us
that's a good idea
we've got a field observation we need to
get like a jar so we can seal it Jack
look Jackson since we're leaving today
we'll take one with us okay we'll have
this one here and then mommy will get a
jar drop em break it
she put another egg in here that way
when we travel you can hold it and look
at your egg okay leave that one in there
we'll put another one we'll get another
one I'll get it you hold your egg okay
so when you travel you can watch your
age open it
oh good oh good job
maybe cover anyone while you just
there's holes so you just some right now
okay it's not cool
okay now when we're in the car you can
look at your little a cuz you have a
long drive today can't there you go
Jackson just don't drop it
please don't get down and throw the jar
you know it's just a normal day doing
dishes you know like every morning after
breakfast and I just can't seem to find
Jackson anywhere Oh where's Jackson
where's Jackson what's that say there
you already found my dress he is done
pulling in my dress his head everywhere
and I keep wondering where's Jackson
where's Jackson we're dancin we're
dancin he's in my dress that's where he
is oh I'm sitting here trying to do the
dishes and he keeps like wrapping
himself up in my dress and the kids are
getting in the dishwasher let's hope
we're gonna wash them all for the
Washtenaw Oh Calvin you cannot get in
there six hours later well we're back
from church we had a great time we
actually went to my parents church today
there were they spoke for the first time
in their new place and they did a really
really good job and we're back here
eating some lunch Ellie has made her
little delicious chicken pot pie again
and we are gonna get ready to go here in
a minute because we're meeting up with
Ellie's family and we're gonna go on
another long drive are you ready to go
on another road yeah we're gonna go
spend time with her family and do some
stuff for Memorial Day with them got a
letter from the bank said sincerely
thank you for you you're a valued
business Oh
we're into working with you again soon I
hope not
that's fun that is fun that's cuter them
wait what another another letter as a
reminder that we owe them more money we
haven't even left our house yet we are
not even on the road and Jackson just
cracked his egg I'm pretty sure it's
good to be open by the end of the day
that's okay we have another one home
cooking but he has been shaking and I'm
pen toning to be soft but he's just a
little excited look it's right there do
you see it do you think it's going to be
open by the time we get to Idaho
good news you he remembers last year
when we were having troubles with our
garage we cannot get it to cut clothes
and then once it is closed and we leave
the house we come home and it's open
thank goodness for security system but
good grief like it's closed and then
believe in it somehow open back up Oh
Jared's mad three oh they do all right
family three hour drive check arrive at
hotel check swimming suits check Jackson
are you ready to hit up the pool oh the
answer to that question is yes let's go
swimming are you ready yeah let's go
family Reno's from the motel pool what
is he gonna do because swimming
so Ellie why don't you start until this
is a story well I got back to the room
and I looked in the Maronite these are
the earrings that my grandma had that my
mom gave me out know what I was thinking
writing him in the pool but I did and I
said Jared I'm missing it and Jared ran
downstairs and gone ripped his shirt and
ran out of it and he has been gone for
an hour because I've been bathing the
kids getting home for bed and you came
back well do you want the good news or
the bad news
I know yeah yeah you're good it's good
you have a smile on your face the good
news is that you're amazing I got it
the bad news is like I could fly on the
back that's okay I okay I couldn't find
the back I swam are your eyes free yeah
well luckily so I swam down there and I
swam like as much as I could but my
contact started falling out yeah he
happened to walk by was like to keep
yourself goggles and she's like yeah
Chad has some so I grabbed Pat boggle
yeah I swim every inch of the pool of a
hot tub and found found it was like in
the crevice like of the hot tub like it
was just like way down yeah yeah I feel
like that's a victory today
oh and that's the thing is like I wasn't
leaving there until I found it I
literally put my hand in the like
filters and like went through and thing
I know it's like Gregory was like okay
I'm gonna wash my hands right now thank
you I love you I tell you story yeah on
even on a date with Joel one time
Bonnie more like an ankle bracelet of
mine and before she left
I said Bonnie don't lose it like it was
just it was I was in junior highers like
this is my favorite ankle bracelet
please don't lose it Charley lost
ah you did the one thing she told you
not to do
lost it Joel had went back to the park
and it was there for hours searching and
Joel found ankle bracelet and brought it
home yeah like you jerk that's what we
do that's what we do I love our man
Thank You Ruby Chad Jared I appreciate
Thank You husband playings
danny question wow you want people of
your pillow Thank You Chad you are a
lifesaver
I found it yeah I did I found it I
really thought it was a housemate oh
thank you guys seriously thank you it's
10:30 and the kids are finally I was a
struggle that was an interesting night
thank you guys so much for watching we
have a fun day with family ahead
tomorrow we are we're celebrating
Memorial Day yes can't wait I'll see you
guys tomorrow thanks for watching
