are you trying to feed us did she bite
you
the last shoe has been found
I asked Jackson where are your shoes
where are your shoes and he goes in the
garage because he had one shoe on and
that means the other she was probably in
the room that he was in because he
didn't he had one shoe on but no but
wasn't the garage and he knew it and it
believin Jackson was right we have a fun
adventure ahead of us we're gonna go and
meet grandma great at the cemetery
Jackson ran in the house and grabbed his
buzz because you want to buzz try the
four-wheeler but you're gonna tell him
to hold on tight right yeah you don't
want to fall so today is a pretty
important weekend for our family it is
the start of Memorial Day weekend and we
went over and visited grandma the other
day as you guys saw and we were helping
her with some things and one of the
things that mom was helping her with and
Ellie was helping her with and some of
the things that we were doing while we
were there is getting a bunch of flowers
ready because today we're gonna go to a
bunch of our family members the cemetery
and their grave sites and we're gonna go
pay our respects and it's very special
to me because of who they are and what
they did for us and we can have what we
have today and so I'm really excited to
do that to take time with my family
especially my grandma and and to go
visit my grandpa so we're gonna go to a
bunch of different cemeteries and pay
our respects today so Jared and I are
just walking into the cemetery and we're
waiting for family to get here and you
want to know it I just kind of like
flashed back to what's up totally
flashback when Jared proposed to me at
the gazebo yep
and I remember us sitting there looking
out of the gazebo it was kind of like
this really pretty area that you you
look out into and we both were like I
wonder what our life's gonna be like now
that we're a little bit into the future
it's gonna look back and be like I'm
glad the way things yeah it's our little
boy but he just looks so big and so
sweet and he has a baby boy
put your muscles crazy I'm glad that you
asked me to marry you I'm glad you said
yes
Justin do you know why we do this why we
come to grandpa's and his brothers
cemetery and we put flowers on do you
know why we do that and so we can thank
them for the service that they've done
for us and for our country did you know
that they did a lot and they sacrifice a
lot so we can have what we have today so
that's why we do that why that's why we
come and put flowers on their headstones
so we can say thank you can you say
thank you Thank You grandpa great that's
right well thanks for letting us come
with you in doing this grandma I feel
like it's an honor I'm just thrilled you
wanted to oh absolutely I think the
young people care did you oh this is
this means a lot to me and and I want
Jackson to see it and I want him to see
what and know what his grandpa great did
for us did you do this stuff growing up
well when we're in Washington yeah yeah
that's what we always say growing up is
Memorial Day because we've always been
visited and that's what we'll do
tomorrow yeah yeah
the rest of this weekend we're actually
going to go with Ellie's parents and do
the same thing
two hours later well after a whole
package of skittles a whole package of
beef jerky a bunch of starbursts I think
we're here
two hours later we are yeah
going to vehicles I've never been there
it is a dinosaur museum I'm gonna be a
dinosaur museum
yo yo Jackson what do you see that's a
big dinosaur we're about to go into the
dinosaur museum are you so excited let's
go
Jackson was wrong yet scared of it are
you scared of anybody okay buddy
are you okay
huh scary
the noise in here is kind of like scary
without you get to a fun area huh be
scared of the dinosaurs say Ron
there you go
I feel like some of this museum has been
a little bit big and a little bit much
for a handbag this little quiet area
Jackson or blobby
I love dinosaurs I'm fascinated with
them they're really cool I think it's
really cold we'll have to go to their
little shocked that look at some of
their he's having so much fun to play
table he's making friends and it's a
little bit to warm up but he loves it
are you dare to dinosaurs
by the time this dinosaur underwater had
swallowed his food he is then hungry
again we got one of our holy cow
Jackson what do you think of the
dinosaur museum did you have fun was
that so much fun Jackson did you get a
dinosaur egg are we gonna see what's
inside can you say anything by yo oh
good I'm glad we're over at some friends
house and they have chickens
so Ellie's in her natural habitat Esther
what should we name it baby baby chick I
love I love her coop I'm scoping out on
how we'll do ours
yeah are you trying to find one you
trying to feed us take your finger did
she bite yeah he's going for it he's
going for it get him get him get him
he's 11 those chickens he just loves
animals oh I know again I've been
talking no I don't want them to pick
Jackson all they were I'm not Galvin
next year they can
for sure am i making me laugh hey yeah
yeah it's amazing baby is what like
Calvin was in his car see that water
bottle didn't want to be he just was
crying and I knew his tire so I came
back here and I laid my arm just right
here and he fell right asleep like two
seconds so it's crazy what just a little
touch will do for a little babe
go home baby where's sketch in bed and
you saw baby chicks today we had a lot
of fun today but we are tired we're
ready to go home okay guys it is time to
say good night
I'm trying to find Jackson Jackson
Isaiah we're gonna go ahead and say good
night Jackson right before we took bath
said party got on and went so I'm so
proud of you good job but it's time to
get these hooligans to bed we have a big
day tomorrow
say good night love good night good
night guys thanks so much for watching
see you tomorrow bye oh we did your
eyebrows today it was amazing
