that was a big one you stinky
I hope you guys are having just as good
of a morning as I am the kids are
healthy Jackson went to the gym he made
friends he was so excited I worked out
and I am eating breakfast so this is
what I'm having I'm having a little
English muffin
with butter cheese egg and avocado and
that is what I'm gonna eat it looks
really yummy beat that McDonald's ha ha
I actually really like McDonald's
selling weapons but this is probably
better for me anyway but I really like
that so I'm gonna go ahead and eat
breakfast and we'll get going with our
day like how high you are so Windows
we're just there hi boys are we go go
get some light go get some food let's
look at your hair come here Jackson you
were so good
I cut it nice and short this time so big
look at that pretty it is so good cut
his hair we're all good for the weekend
ready to party lunch
are you ready Calvin are you ready to go
eat some oh no you're not
Jared just stopped the car and ran out
of the car there's a girl on the side of
the road just laying down now more
people are coming to see her she's just
I don't know if she got hit or what but
yeah they're calling 9-1-1 right now one
i hope she's okay won't even know what
happened and to like the course Jared
we're just like stop the car and run
like he's so sweet
a happen I think the girl got hurt
they're all the cards around us right
now were stopped all of us and
everyone's on their phone call 9-1-1
well I I ran out there's you know if
someone's on the phone was like you're
calling 9-1-1 and so we called 9-1-1 and
no one at us she was okay so I said are
you okay like can you breathe okay she
was dead given the circumstances she's
doing really really good when you like
there she was breathing she was she was
talking and breathing I didn't know that
cuz she was not moving yeah you never
want to move someone yeah luckily a
doctor just show happened to show up
that was so scary to me and I was so
onions because these cars I felt
terrible I'm glad that I was getting
hurt eight oh yeah there yeah I mean how
long was that two minutes before the
ambulance guy no I think I know I think
it was less than that less than that
yeah yeah yeah
yeah she's doing good she's scraped up
but she's good everyone's okay Jackson
Chuck's it fell supa thoughts we just
kind of driving around I'm jealous but
better he woke up it goes what happened
this is still hurt still hurt yeah cuz
he fell asleep when we left she's okay
Rowan's good now we did they gotten her
to the doctor's Jackson he's got a
sucker no
candy okay what grandma hey Jackson
insisted on helping mom with her shoes
you've got a baby and a backpack and
yeah balancing act whoa
yeah you don't want mommy to fall do you
here if you advise not getting that
ideas like I'll do it I want to do it
did you want to help you're just a good
little helper huh come give your dad a
big hug you little helper hey so we
ventured over to mom and dad's house
because dad and I have set up a meeting
together dad you have a meeting with
your very favorite son how does that
feel it's a beautiful so what actually
one thing that we're doing is I'm really
excited about is I'm setting up a
website an Ellie and Jared website
because a lot of you guys have been
asking about our older Murphy the you
know the old scene by E and J logos I
almost said CKD swag the old E&J lobe is
all of our other merchandise and we want
to place a hub where you can get that
any time all the time as much as you
want you don't have to wait for like a
teespring campaign then you can also see
like all of our Instagram all of our
YouTube videos it's like a big hub for
all of our stuff and so we're kind of
working on that today getting that done
so hopefully that should be done really
soon but I wanted to give you that
little update kind of show you what goes
on behind the scenes is right now we're
working on a website and I'm pretty
excited about that as I'm making dinner
I'm making some chicken pot pie tonight
for dinner I can hear the boys laughing
a place so I'm just going to see what we
capture
so delicious dinner for us the family
and I noticed that she got something
here and so we just opened it up and
we're gonna see what it is
Jackson do you know what that is oh my
goodness what is that what do you think
that oh that is an elephant do you know
where it goes mm-hmm that's what an
elephant sounds like yeah do you know
where the elephant should go on the
bathtub let's go put it on the backs up
and see with us okay want to do that
cuchara let's go let's go put on the tub
let's go put it in tub why are you so
funny okay let me see let me show you
this is just your ordinary elephant
bathtub toy this does something fun and
special so we're gonna put it on if
it'll fit okay not quite dirt there we
go
okay so we put it on like so Jackson and
Calvin this is what happens then we turn
it on oh I'm not feeling too well boys
oh oh my goodness boys I'm not feeling
too well
oh I think I had too many French rub
oh my goodness oh I think I think I feel
better ah oh you don't wanna turn off
okay well let's see if he feels better
Ellie the Ellison do you feeling okay
yeah I think I'm starting to feel a
little bit brutal that funny boys
is that funny yeah Craig you want try
again okay ready one oh that's just
daddy being silly huh watch this though
okay so we're gonna close this flap and
watch what happens what do you think
about that it's coming out his nose or
his trunk do you see that coming out of
his trunk is that fun but then sometimes
you just don't feel too good oh my
goodness I'm not be with you good okay
we had our fun and games now it's time
to get in the tub let's go get the tub
boys kay let's get in the tub
that was a big one you sneaky bitch
Jackson is not quite understanding the
concept of if you don't listen at the
store you don't get a tree in today he
definitely did listen and he's really he
he thought that when we got home he
would get his sucker and we didn't buy a
sucker because he didn't listen so he's
having kind of a hard time understanding
that but dinner is ready I'm definitely
going to put this on the list of items
to do for my channel I've been
consistently doing really good videos on
my channel hope you guys have been
enjoying them Jackson's very sad right
now Enzo I know I know I hated not doing
it it's hard to be it's hard to be
consistent I wanted just again the
service I wanted a sucker to but there
are hard Wi-Fi you need to learn and
it's better to learn early on cuz they
can't teach you know doggy oh my god but
I have two really fun recent videos of
the house update we chose all the tile
in our house if you guys want to check
those videos out go ahead but this is
dinner it is yummy it looks so good woo
it was a big jump Jackson
okay try it one more time before you go
to bed make it a good one okay try
Woolworths ivory before mom catches us
for a month cactuses yes before mom
catches us
you got a new book to read yes okay
Jackson go upstairs and read your new
book okay come on one two three jump
it's Friday night and you know what that
means Ellie this banana split time
Ellie's having a banana split and we are
going to uh we are going to call it a
night and we're probably just gonna sit
down like watch a show or something
something that we enjoyed doing once the
kids are in bed tag because Calvin woke
up again yep
your turn I'm gonna go rock him to sleep
hope you guys have a wonderful weekend
and we'll see you tomorrow bye
