Hey dang it except she's mad he's going
boneless Oh body back yeah
don't you dare go boomers on me Shawn
holy cow yesterday was one of the
toughest workouts I've ever had and it's
interesting because I've been working up
for a few months now some times I'm
really consistent sometimes you know a
week will go by or whatnot but when I
first started working out and I was
doing like a few crunches I remember
almost just wanting to cry I could only
do a few just because you know I've had
two kids I've never worked out I don't
have much like stomach core strength and
yesterday you know we did tons of
pull-ups I did and you know a lot of ab
stuff yesterday as well and I was
actually able to do it like it's crazy
how much more strong I'm becoming and
how much better I feel but I woke up
this morning and I am so sorry my arms
are jello my stomach is so tight so took
a shower trying to get ready to get a
run downstairs
eat some breakfast but holy cow I am so
happy that I can feel and see progress
that like I can tell that I'm getting
stronger and I feel good so it's crazy
it's crazy what a few months will do I
want to tell you something did you share
with your friends today yeah and did you
have fun yeah and were you nice to them
you played with the chalk and were you
nice to them yeah and you shared your
toys and it's nice to share huh when I
bike yet you showed your bike this
morning has been very interesting a
little emotional and it's just being a
parent is very very hard sometimes I
think it's hard to let kids do their
thing sometimes to let kids learn it's
really hard for me sometimes to watch
Jackson weather is doing something
buckling his car seat and him learning
sometimes it's hard for me just to sit
by and watch because I want to do it for
him or I want to help or I want to hurry
up and get going you know today Jackson
looked out the window and he saw some of
his friends and he goes friends and he
got his bike
and I stayed outside in the front yard
is he kind of went over and hung out
with some of his friends and of course
kids are kids
I mean Jackson sometimes does it Cher
and jackson sometimes cries but so he's
playing on some friends and they didn't
want to play with them they didn't want
him in their yard you know no no no like
kind of pushed him away and and it was
hard for me just to watch and I just
kind of just kind of was just seeing how
it was playing out and of course he's
just this innocent little boy just like
the other kids and he got on his bike
and kind of rode off and was still just
playing and and then the kids came over
and wanted to play Jackson's toys and
they were in his yard playing with his
toys and Jackson loved and thought it
was so fun and and I just reminded them
as they were in our yard I said you know
guys Jackson sharing his toys so
remember next time to share your toys
with him you know just a little light
reminder but it just was so hard for me
to watch just because I was like no you
share your toys but just as a parent
sometimes it's just so hard to watch
these things and you know kids learn and
I've had experiences you know I've had
experiences right and how friends or
people that share with me or whatnot and
so it just was interesting as I was just
watching it kind of pan out kids are
kids and that's going to happen and
someday that's what Jackson will do
someday he'll probably tell a kid like
no he can't play and I'll have to remind
him you know Jackson you be nice to
other kids you know you want everyone to
feel like they have a friend so that was
my little interesting story as I was
watching him outside today playing but
he had fun with his friends they played
for a long time they had a little snack
together and it was fun but your best
friend of all is your brother huh
and that's something that I love about
siblings is growing up my mom said you
always have a friend and that's your
sisters or your brother like those if
anything else felt you have your family
and those are your best friends and I'm
so glad that I had these two boys I'm so
grateful that I have two boys to be
friends with to be brothers with to
learn the to grow it my boys are so
special to me and I love them well would
you look at that look at these two
little monkeys just playing together
sharing toys and playing on the train
tracks
no one's cruising everywhere yeah he is
he's having fun you having fun Jackson
uh yep honestly like this is a dream
come true to me like these two little
fellas just playing together and having
fun climbing on this yeah that dream
come true climbing on the train tracks
look Calvin spawn oh no you got it oh my
goodness that is is that is that what I
think it is hmm that is the famous green
book it's the famous green blocks
Jackson what are you gonna do with it
yeah oh man I'm just gonna left here
with all these dishes I've got to do all
these dishes here so everything's gonna
be clean and all that stuff off another
dish I know I'm gonna work here so I can
get checked up this is ridiculous I'm
angry at these dishes or I'm gonna break
this what is this yes not our kids are
the snotty snot ursins
every Wednesday Calvin it is your
one-year update how do you feel about
that
oh well Danny I feel like things have
been going pretty well for one year of
life and I'm here at the doctor's office
just trying to get things all figured
out and ready to go so far things are
good my way about a 20 count
I thought 20 pounds and I'm about 28 and
a quarter inches long and yeah I'm
pretty excited about those results but
you know what just anxious to see what
happens next I cannot help but laugh our
stinking kid hello there world
yes you are just wild and crazy we just
got the results back about like his
height weight and head circumference his
height has been at a very consistent 5th
percentile his weight this little tubby
guy has gotten up to the 30th percentile
and his head this big noggin is in a
40th percentile so so he is growing
every single place except
okay Jackson you just woke up from your
nap and we're on a very important
mission
I know yep you've got your water and
you're nice and refreshed aren't ya yeah
we have a mission today and that mission
is to go find a family tent now we have
one in mine yeah you see the balloon to
you yep now we have a family tent in
mind and it's actually on sale today
which is why we're here but we're also
looking for some other options so I'm
pretty excited because camping season is
just around the corner and I just
thinking about all the scouting trips
that I've been on all the family camping
trips that I've been on I'm so excited
to take these boys and my wife on a
camping trip you ready to go yeah let's
go look for a tent okay I think this is
the tent we are looking at getting it is
an eight-person tent and there's a
divider right in the middle so we can
divide you oh I'm so sorry just so we
can divide you in Kelvin from mommy and
daddy that way we can put you to bed
earlier that is your bike so should we
get this one Jackson you want to get
this tent okay can you carry it to the
cashier can you carry it to the cashier
there you go oh it's too heavy
okay give me hug let's go he's gone
further away cookie doesn't he to focus
nosey calvinism won't u fokin there's no
sir he keeps walking away but he thinks
it's funny he's trying to do it because
I accidentally poked him in the eye at
the store Jackson okay so first I was
excited about this tent but now now that
I bought it I am super excited get this
Jackson oh oh oh
let's get a slow-mo replay on that
surprise hug okay so I am so excited
about this because get this guy's I
bought it I knew that they were having a
sale on the 10th normally this a person
family tent is three hundred and thirty
dollars it's on sale right now for two
hundred and fifty dollars and I was like
that's not bad for a really good eighth
person tent but then get this I don't is
always train him for that way they're
having a sale and so I got the tent for
a 180 bucks can you believe that a $330
tent for a hundred and eighty bucks I
was so happy and so excited about it so
like I feel like we got this for a steal
of a deal course Jared I think you're
great
cuz you do this but I was like no I want
it let's get it as I know it took like
two weeks have you been looking at other
ten yeah you actually went and got this
today as excited as I am to have our own
big backyard this still is really fun
Jackson splashing Calvin's eatin rocks
Jackson still has an obsession with
rocks by the way we want to watch today
and heck he collected as many as he
could are you smashing him - yeah he's
splashing us all the kids are having fun
and I'm enjoying being out here I filmed
a few little videos today sun is shining
I probably have lipstick on my
Invisalign my legs are getting tan we
you're down to Grandma grades house and
we dad and I are putting together some
new bar stools for Grandma right grandma
walk with me thunk that walk with me
talk with me I have a surprise for you
what are we going to do well the last
time we were here at your house I
remember you and Mom talking about how
vacuuming was difficult for you okay now
I have some friends who sent us a
robotic vacuum and I loved it so I
wanted to get one for you so yes so this
right here I've already got it all set
up this is a robotic vacuum so you don't
have to vacuum anymore grandma oh I
can't believe it
so watch this so I've already got it
scheduled on the remote so at 11:45
every night it'll just come in and no
vacuum up I miss Lee exactly yeah but if
you want changes then you could watch it
yeah well yeah so you have a remote and
all you have to do is push that play
button and watch my gosh oh is that
pretty cool yeah it does a great job but
something it moves yep it remembers
where it is right after you go pretty
cool huh
Oh what is that Jackson what is it
vacuum yeah pretty cool huh
oh you Schwager you're so welcome
Oh pleasure huh well we think it's
really fun you'll love it yeah you'll
enjoy it a lot you give me you love to
look at that haven't noticed yes he does
every time we come over to Grandma and
Grandpa's house they have these little
stools that the kids just love playing
with and Grandma got one for Jackson and
Calvin and that was so sweet thank you
grandma they're gonna love these thank
you I'm planning on it too oh yeah
absolutely well grandma it was so good
to see you
think we're gonna make the long drive
home and but we'll see you on Saturday
right that's right no I'm so grateful
for you to come and did bring me that
surprise yeah I hope you love it leave
it but we're gonna end the vlog here
thank you guys so much for watching the
video be sure to give it a thumbs up and
we will see you tomorrow
