Oh shucks
check so did you have fun at the gym did
you have fun did you play with toys and
you made friends yeah oh I'm so glad
we'll go home and we'll get Calvin that
was cool workout I am sweaty that was so
hard so hard so word is on the street
that Ellie saw some cement trucks
driving up to our property area on her
way home from the gym so I'm packing up
the drone we're packing up the kids you
got the kids Ellie we're packing up the
kids and we're gonna go to the property
and see what they're doing
I'm so excited like these are the things
that I think are the coolest like when I
make the biggest changes are you ready
Jackson your chain oh you got a trainer
okay let's get your buckles up are you
ready are you ready well we're not quite
ready for cement just yeah but look what
they've done so far like this is
mind-blowing to me how fast these guys
work they have all of this done
isn't it so crazy like look at that they
are ready to pour cement
okay so today is my dad's birthday and I
am so excited I have one I love that
he's in town that we can actually do
something - we've got a surprise for him
I have taken dad he's actually just
downstairs right now I've taken him so
mom has time to go get him a very
special gift and I am basically taking
that and we're gonna go do a couple
things to distract him to take him away
so mom can accomplish the ultimate
mission so we're gonna go do some fun
things that I think Dad will really like
happy birthday dad today is your
birthday we are going to do some very
very fun stuff are you excited I am
first thing on the agenda Sportsman's
Warehouse you know what Dad some of the
kids and I are going on a little gift
for you we want you to go pick out some
waiters and we're gonna get them for you
dad I think that is a perfect fit for
you oh look your al borland or no what's
his name what's his name the the in the
chill man tailors neighbor what's his
name I don't know I can't remember
oh those might be a little tall dad yeah
dad and I are looking for some fishing
gear and dad is in need of some new
waders and some new fishing gear because
we're gonna do a little fishing trip
later this summer and I'm weird say
because this is this is just fun stuff I
get to learn all about fly-fishing and
dad's throwing me his the tricks of the
trade and we're picking out some fun
stuff so I made phat I need fat person
where is it that size they have four
waders dad is that person waders we
found you some stout waders dad what do
you think how do they feel well we
struck out at Sportsman's Warehouse or
going to the next sports store to find
some dad some waders we got to get some
waders dad we gotta we gotta get some
waders for you dad
how do they feel they look good the good
I like winners I think they look good on
you down because when you're efficient
it's all about how you look well yeah
you've got to make sure the fish are
attracted to you so exactly right your
face isn't gonna do that mission
accomplished we got you some waders dad
and now right now I think what we're
gonna do is we're gonna have a little
fun we're here at the store gonna go
shooting
oh my gosh you have to check this out
look at this shot dad dad my freaking
Center all right these are the final
results how do you feel dad I feel like
I don't know what I'm doing I think you
did pretty good especially bad shot
right there okay we're about to go
inside mom and dad's house and dad is
going to see his surprise I don't know
at stake yeah that's what I like to hear
checking my email to see you it's
something anyone needs me I got you come
here let me give you a birthday so well
dad happy birthday
it's just Tanja at how blessed we are we
are blessed oh my goodness round two at
the prom
pretty look at what they have done
already they're just getting the
concrete and is that cool I could not
even believe it
this process is amazing to watch jared
has been find a drone over the house
every time there's a change that way at
the end we can make one huge cool video
it's amazing to have family and the
neighbors here we've sold down the
street on Mike and the kids were just
like yeah never had kids are playing the
neighbors are out the people we've been
talking to all day they've been jumping
with us but like here we'll give you
some bugs
it's a party it is so fun for the street
is popping this is so cool
it's amazing to see all the like how
good the workers are and how like much
work they do today it's amazing amazing
easiest thing ever I love it we come and
meet with the Builder usually probably
three times a week we come here and it's
just fun to go over the changes and he
always asked questions so itself under
here for all boy and you always ask like
if we're happy it's like what do you
guys think are you excited that you
happen legs are born some it's coming in
right now like it's amazing
we're gonna go look at that oh I'm so
excited
that is so cool oh I got some of my
house some and on my arm keep this
forever
honestly I just I can't stop thinking
about how grateful and blessed we are
right now that this is even happening
like they're laying the foundation and
the concrete for our house
like where we are going to live and have
all of these amazing memories like
everything that everyone is doing is
going towards this beautiful structure
that is going to be ours and I just
can't wait ok boys mom went to a church
activity so that means it's just me and
you and you it is time to get ready for
bed and you know what that means we have
to take a bath and you stinky boy have
to take of that you know you're stinky
should we go take a bath yeah you're
stinky too let's go take a bath boys say
yeah yeah yeah yeah look at that tongue
your silly done yeah yeah yeah hey let's
take it back you again what are you
doing here didn't you guys do your thing
didn't you guys do this yesterday you're
fine
I think I can agree with these terms and
conditions sorry I have to pause your
move because we're ending the vlog Ellie
we have to say goodbye okay guys our
house is being built right now and it's
amazing isn't that crazy yeah okay all
right we were going to call it a night
thank you guys so much for watching have
a wonderful day and we will see you guys
tomorrow bye mmm
