what did you say you want to watch
Daniel Tiger Daniel tiger you know what
you have you still have some mud on your
face young man
good morning guys we are just getting
going with our day bed is made getting
laundry done today is Tuesday and
normally on Tuesday mornings I take the
morning and I'll film my videos whether
it's a few videos you know for the month
or just one video for the week and and
we were just way too tired waking up
today so we're not filming Jared was up
till 5 a.m. every morning and it's only
10 o'clock I feel kind of crazy what do
you got huh I was editing the video last
night and is a breath McDouble encounter
so here's the thing is like I feel like
these kind of videos like are really
special to me and I want to take my time
with it I wanna you know I want to feel
the same emotions in the video that I
did that day so I'm here you know I try
and take my time and I I really enjoy
editing those those first birthday
videos I mean Jackson's is like one of
my favorite the intro on this is like
one of my finger yeah I really really
hope you enjoy Calvin's birthday video
yep so if you haven't seen it is up
right now but we're just gonna have a
relaxed morning and go check out our
house let's do it that sounds so
exciting I think they're gonna pour
concrete we should play the room
concrete cement it's concrete
yes I always just try to fool you Oh
Matt yes ma'am all right boys are you
ready to have a good day they love it
Calvin will like stand on there and then
he'll just like dive down Jackson are
you ready to have a good day you want to
go let's go oh is that where you think
you want to go okay we'll see what we
get down we have a few family reunions
coming up and then we have a little
family trip this summer that we have
planets but Jackson Rd has a life jacket
but I'm looking at these life jackets
too and I'm just kind of wondering if
one is better than the other we probably
want get this right now maybe you'll
just think about it but what do you
think well move your arms human arms but
I don't know I don't know like what the
difference is between like he has a
regular zip up vest or there's these
classes and technically you want like a
class 5 I'm not sure if that tens leads
to kids but a class 5 life this is what
you want fast I don't know we'll see but
it's kind of been fun just to look
around to get ready for some of our
summer activities that we have coming up
well I think we found our summer bike I
actually want to rent bike so we did
that all the time when it was just me
and you let's can we get my Calvin in
the car that is so stinking cute
hold on Jax he's holding on the seat
that's actually really cute fun yeah did
you just climb up there did you put him
on there
Calvin where's the dougie this is
Calvin's reaction to our neighbor's dogs
every time we come over to the house we
sit in this little shade or neighbor
cycle of us and we watch what the people
are doing with the house but we're
eating some lunch kids love the
neighbor's dog we're just playing and it
doesn't look like they're doing a whole
ton right now but they do have a bunch
of stuff on a trailer that they're going
to do so we may come back a little bit
later today and see what else they're
going to be doing I'm pretty sure the
suppose to be laying the foundation yeah
sound like that maybe tonight or
tomorrow but we'll come back again so
they're done but for now we're gonna eat
some lunch a hamburger and play with the
neighbor's dog
whoo did you like that or is that kind
of scary hooky like that Jackson did you
go although even mommy's so I didn't
even realize I even realize how dirty
this
was Jackson he loves to go get you shoo
go pick it up go pick it up oh my
goodness
come here Oh
Oh Mike okay well he's just gonna play
in this puddle of dirt while everyone
works on the house so right as we were
leaving on the Builder showed up and we
got talking and we're answering some
questions and I just thought this was so
nice of him
um he came the other day and if you
notice on the the Bob where there's like
little orange stoppers on there
those are rubber stoppers that the
Builder he goes oh I saw a lot of kids
and I just AM Adri worried so he came
and put those on there I just thought
that was really nice and consider of him
but the guys are here they're working
they're gonna pour cement tomorrow but
right now they're working on the house
and Jackson lawn is a dirty he's like
but you are so muddy oh my goodness guys
this is so fun this is so fun just like
letting him be so filthy dirty watching
people work just playing in the mud
playing in the dirt is it cold
look at me is it cold Wow
you my friend are so dirty
go jump around go play from it before we
go
mommy
check Calvin check daddy
check Jackson what are you doing over
there young man
it's time to eat and we're all gonna eat
at the table okay buddy do you want to
lay down why do you want to lay down
okay Jackson I'm telling you we're gonna
eat together as a family at the dinner
table that's what families do is we eat
at the dinner table together okay buddy
I promise you you will learn more at
this dinner table then you will watching
Daniel Tiger okay see so come on so come
on over and let's see we've got you a
nice delicious meal which by the way
this right here has kind of been our
go-to meal lately it's just like some
ground turkey some corn some beans and
some romaine lettuce and it's actually
been really good the I've really enjoyed
it it's really filling and I can eat as
much as I want of it on the slow car
diet that I am and it's pretty tasty the
one thing that I wish I could do is have
like cheese with it which Ellie likes to
do which is really really good Calvin
loves it too oh yeah you're kind of
piling on up there okay young man we're
gonna eat dinner in San Fran we want you
to come with us okay that's what
families do we haven't always all this
stuff it's and probably I stay for the
pair oh well what did you say you want
to watch Daniel tiger Daniel tiger you
know what
you have you still have some mud on your
face young man your entry hi-yah
you have Darian between your friend Dee
do you know that yeah okay come on let's
eat some dinner okay but thank you
Oh better yeah it's like corn like your
dad Ellie good boy
hey what's what's up I was thinking what
you are so excited to watch The Bachelor
tonight and you said that you didn't
want any treats and I thought to myself
you can't watch The Bachelor with Bonnie
without any treats so when I wrap
formula I got you a few trees to choose
from because I don't know what like the
most are you some treats to pick them is
that okay
that's awesome um which would you pick
out of these for oh I love them all pie
do use oh okay don't want this place
okay so you got treats for you I got you
from booth fine and I have some snacks
Thank You Jared that he got for our
little batch tonight and then I made
mousse look it's bananas with coconut
Greek yogurt with strawberries a little
chocolate drizzling a little a lot and
then sprinkles so we're gonna have a
yummy treat did you know I don't I was
just gonna say like some people will
watch The Bachelor and my Catholic Oh a
single wine or something
you guys get hyped up on sugar yeah
absolutely James diet I figured you
wouldn't have one no huh okay and I'm
not saying I'm gonna watch The Bachelor
but I won't say I won't
so this is a it's a girl and a bunch of
guys yeah here's interesting to me um
thank you guys so much for watching
today the boys had so much fun in the
dirt we had a blast and we'll see you
guys tomorrow
they should be pouring our concrete so
that'll be fun cement its concrete okay
see you tomorrow bye
