I like the here's to the old cheerleader
yeah yeah he's got such a personality
good morning guys happy Sunday as I was
getting ready for church i jockster woke
up and fell back asleep not really not
like him and then uh when Jared woke up
Jackson had woke up again and I was
getting him dressed for church and he
just was like well under lay down I was
so tired and I just thought oh you must
not be feeling well and he just just
doesn't seem to be feeling well so we've
been giving him lots of liquids and he
wants to watch penguins movie and so
this is what our setup looks like I even
put a little bowl next to him because he
kind of sounded a little girly are you
kind of sick jacks
yeah yeah I guess we could call it a
dinosaur
are you are you sick does your head hurt
or does your tummy hurt
yeah both hurt you're just sick and weak
tried to get you dressed and this is
what we ended up with I'm in my room
just kind of gathering up a bunch of
garbage and I have just laid Jackson's
little I hope it up that he's gonna wear
this Martin oh you're happy now
now you happy
Jackson's just taking a little bath in
my tub are you feeling a little better
you feel a little better
stop stop eating the bath balm I told
him he can have a little bath mom you'd
be in it but I'm just picking up I've
been I told Jared I was like what do you
think about this poor cream poor Calvin
for us for everybody he's been in every
room um but we moved Calvin in here
because I thought I'm done with the pack
on play I'm ready for Calvin to be in
his crib but we moved in here because he
was just in here cuz we breastfed all
night and then he woke up all night and
now that covens a year old tomorrow um
he only wakes up about once a night if
I'm lucky but he doesn't really sleep in
our bed anymore so that's why we removed
the things off the bed as he usually
sits in her
but he usually makes that one tonight I
told you I said I'm kind of ready to
have my room back I'm kind of ready for
it just to be me and you I think we
should move his crib in to Jackson's now
because Jackson suits of the night and
Calvin just wakes up once because when
he originally was in there
it didn't really last because Calvin
would wake up like every few hours and I
didn't want to upset Jackson so I don't
know I'm just kind of think stop me in
the fun
Johnson stoppi in it no more I get taken
away luckily these things are mm I'm not
really edible but luckily lush lets you
ingest and it's not bad for you but
don't do that I don't want you doing
that I'm gonna take it away so I don't
know I'm just kind of thinking about
maybe now he can move out of our room
because we still have a good several we
have all summer before we move into our
house for us to have our own room and I
think I'm getting a little
claustrophobic in here so this may be
moved today I'm not sure yet
oh my goodness you guys will not believe
this you won't even believe it hold on
the exposures to hi Jackson don't even
look at oh my gosh look at all of this
did you see it do you see your marble
Jackson there it is we found it in the
car there's a lot of popcorn and toys
and coins and yeah look at guitar pick
who knew what you would find find here
look another coin now we can buy fresh
snips on iTunes hungry
happy Sunday mom and dad over here
invited us to come have dinner with them
and so we would that's that's an offer
we simply
even refused mom I've had your cooking
before it is delicious so we cannot
refuse that and dad's wearing his apron
for the usual Sunday tradition speaking
of some new traditions I'm not sure if
you guys have if I've ever said this
before in terms of our family traditions
but it goes back at least 20 years that
I can remember how long would you say
we've been doing this tradition which
one are you talking about well the
tradition of rich crackers and salsa oh
yeah easy 20 years easy 20 years maybe
even longer yeah every Sunday after
church
there's always Ritz and salsa on the
tables just to snack on throughout the
day until dinner's ready
so I thought that was kind of fun and
it's it's just something that makes me
feel at home which I like a lot hey
Jackson what's that in your hand that's
a movie go sit with mom on the hammock
yeah yeah we listened to him Jackson
what is a crow sound like you guys
having fun in the hammock you want to go
to high okay ready
but he wants to go high whoa whoa that's
fun huh so this is what we have for food
we've got some roast rolls fruit salad
green beans and Debaters looks so good I
cannot wait I can only eat a few of
these items because of my diet but I'm
very excited to eat those few items what
what a crew do you want to have some
dinner yeah good boy
ya know go get him go get him ready why
are you so cute it's because you're
turning 1 years old tomorrow huh are you
excited to turn one years old tomorrow
one I logged in here through the whole
Cheerilee yeah yeah he's got such a
personality oh he doesn't do the leg
thing anymore oh you didn't scare that
you all okay
we did it we moved Calvin's crib into
Jackson's room and Jared has Calvin
asleep right now and we're just waiting
for Jackson to fall asleep
boy I am crossing my fingers that that
goes well tonight I really really hope
they do a good job sleeping tonight
because that would be the best we
finally got the kids to sleep in their
own beds in the same room and Ellie is
getting started on the very very
glorious cake that will be Calvin's
birthday cake tomorrow you excited yes
this is my mom's we took it from her
okay okay so here is the update we have
the cake setting in the fridge right now
and Ellie is rolling out some sweet
sweet fondant look at that stuff that
looks so good I'm so excited oh I know
exactly what you want for the new house
Ellie you've been using all night I want
you on like a KitchenAid yeah thank you
mom for letting us use that we
appreciate it okay I'm a little nervous
this is looking a little bit better than
last time but I think it's still kind of
nerve-wracking putting the fondant on
the actual cake and like shaping in
everything but Ellie's a pro it's gonna
go well and I know the cake is gonna
taste good cuz I take a little bite
already so it's gonna taste real good
you cried the edges off
oh my gosh go go go go
roll it roll it roll it I think that
looks great
oh my gosh good job that was like the
most nervous I've met in my entire life
but look at that I look at that it's
like molding to it and everything okay
yeah we stretch it in and then remember
this is the butt okay so you don't care
about that yeah that's the butt our
turtle is starting to take shape I'm
pretty excited look at that looks good
good job le
thank you you're welcome if you guys
want to see the rest of the cake you
will have to stay tuned for tomorrow's
video which is Calvin's first birthday
I'm so excited
happy birthday Calvin we love you so
very much be sure to hit the thumbs up
button guys and if you haven't already
subscribed hit that subscribe button so
you guys can see what we do to celebrate
Calvin's birthday have a good night see
you tomorrow bye
