it is a raining and that was kind of an
ordeal yeah we have an umbrella we were
heading grocery shopping I got my little
buddy here Jackson woke up this morning
and I said you're gonna go on a date
with mommy and daddy today and he thinks
going grocery shopping is the date but
you are wrong we're gonna go somewhere
else later so what I'm making this week
is chicken pot pie choco roll-ups and a
little ham melt sandwiches and I'm here
getting just little snacks for the kids
because usually I'll get Jackson some of
these instead of fruit snacks you see
Elsa and then um usually I'll get Calvin
little rice cakes or like the baby mum
mums I've never heard of them until I
was with Katy and Misty I guess they
really like those so I've been getting
those a lot for Calvin and he really
likes them but they're out there all
gone so I'm gonna get these for Jackson
and those are kind of little snacks that
usually I get for the kids
good morning Calvin good morning
hi honey oh you know so so um it's about
time good morning it is OMA at 10:30
what time is the only see it's 10 not
jeopardy it is 10 o'clock and Calvin
just woke up from his very first nap
which means you woke up with the butt
crack of dawn
you saw the butt of the moon because the
moon was gone you won't you saw the butt
crack of the moon cuz you woke up with
the butt crack of dawn he is just so
confused by what you're saying right now
well you know I
he did he woke up so early he woke up I
know he gives hugs he woke up so early
so I put him down for a nap really early
because he was so tired two hours
this is goofily does that little knock
on your head from last night huh
learning to walk falling on things being
a kid I'm just like lay on you my boy is
little I don't get these times very much
I have to cherish it before you reaches
for you that's so sweet
he looks so comfy with you our little
guys turning one on Monday can you
believe that you're gonna be one years
old like he does he hugs he's gonna be
one years old when you do well look at
what we have here Jackson are you
helping yo daddy we are getting a gate
to put right here at Grandma graph this
house so you mr. Tonko falling down yes
it's for you okay careful here put it
the other way there you go now did it
good you know aunt Bonnie took one of
the those one time when I was her tell a
story a bajillion times I'm not I was
like wasn't in kindergarten yeah I was
probably almost 5 and she put that in my
overalls in my bottom and it went
through that could have been really bad
yeah really bad job thank you anyway so
we're getting this set up so the kids
will stay upstairs
that is not a camera it looks like a
dumb huh does it look like one of those
what are those those viewmaster salesy
yeah oh is that a movie can you watch it
watch the movie put a plan Jackson oh
it's an ancient piece of technology how
to play go like no probably never know
what that is like unless we explain it
to it like he'll never have any interest
when I bring attention to
just making a quick stop at the house
real quick it's been a while since I've
seen it and it looks pretty good the
foundation laid and I think they're
going to be doing the footings on Monday
is what I hear last that's the thing
with the house is like everything
changes you're doing I think it looks
good so far I'm excited I have been
trudging through this mud like is just
pouring down rain if you look those are
my steps I just took in they're already
filled with water okay see is that
trying to find the best way out of here
mud mud but what but there we go what
and this is why usually you don't bring
kids on dates because they fall asleep
come on sleepyhead want a triple date
right now and you're you're asleep on
our triple date are we really not boring
as parents
Jackson you want to go look at some toys
yo are you ready that was good you want
to go look at some toys yeah okay let's
go so what we actually did is we
actually just left Calvin with Grandma
and Grandpa because Calvin's birthday is
on Monday and we need to get some fun
things for his birthday now which I'm
very excited about so we're at the toy
store right now and we don't have like a
whole ton of stores here but this toy
store is so fun right when you come in
they have stuff for kids to play with so
like we can kind of shop in the kids
play so find Jackson loves him he just
woke up and he's like I'm ready to play
finding toys for Calvin has been really
interesting because like it's not just
like oh like a little baby toy it's like
no he likes to play with toys like what
toy or what what's something we could
get him for his first birthday that he's
gonna love so it's kind of been fun
looking out I think I have an idea
maybe like something like a doctor I
think we should start influencing him
now someone's gonna pay the bills Monroe
Oh actually captain Jackson has Jackson
has a great idea cleaning supplies these
kids work in it's right ahead you want
to wear the hat
good looking mommy look em you like cute
do you like he'll spider-man
you know what maybe you can find a toy
for Calvin - all of this this gives me
anxiety just now
Jackson shall you pick out a present for
Calvin would you like to do that having
Jackson found a new favorite toy
do you like that buddy should go find
mom do you like this one or do you like
this one
this one you like this one better which
one should we get for Calvin hmm this
one for Calvin okay so we went through
and we picked out a bunch of toys that
we liked and now we're going through
them to kind of filter out and and pick
the ones that we actually are gonna keep
and everything oh thank you I was gonna
lose these and these would be the second
time maurois yeah like how cool is this
location so this actually I'm gonna get
it's a little time tracker for when
Jackson goes potty so it's like it stays
whenever it's green you stay on and then
it turns red and you can off something
like that yeah or just like every ten
minutes ah well it's time to get all the
pie again rather than me saying what
time you know actually I'm gonna get
that but to get can't get mug oh did
that bug your head that's silly huh
buddy hugs yet yeah we're having some
lettuce wraps for dinner and let it be
known Jackson is loving it do you love
it is it good yep you like em I just put
some stuff on this play him in Calvin or
eating and cuz I figured Jackson won't
like lettuce cuz normally like I don't
know what are like big he saw us holding
it in one wanted mmm well the bees going
to town on it he's got a bunch of meat
in there too
do you like it I like it I even I don't
think I realize how much I was this
tastes really good but when the kids go
to bed have a special dessert I wanted
me Oh a special dessert John help me can
I can I help
yeah you can get the beaters out with it
I mean a whip is so good
yes Jackson drink it all up drink up all
the water keep the juices flowin because
you know where they're going
Oh potty exactly
we're gonna go try the potty now do you
drink it all gone yeah okay let's go
let's go sit on the bottom you feel the
body he got a spider-man toy feet let's
go show him you're spider-man potty
let's go okay open that up and here is
your spider-man potty
yeah okay let's take your diaper off and
sit on the okay oh and you got a little
stool to help you get up that's perfect
I think that's great Jackson well
they're gonna go potty we're gonna get
finished eating that Calvin and then I
seriously I seriously cannot wait to
have dessert oh you want some too too
bad you'll be in bed I'm so mean I'm
such a mean mom no I'm not I'm really
nice too you can actually but tonight
you're not getting dessert just this
other nights you get dessert but
Saturday night I'm just gonna put you to
bed you can see that they're having fun
any PQ steak it is right over there
Akina this is where the fun I cannot see
you guys are having fun
you want to join for treasure like chop
off my back
okay
that looks good that looks so stinking
good Ellie this was the most delicious
idea you've had all day and I'm very
excited to eat it
okay so my get is just bananas and then
coconut like just a little bit and all
chocolate strawberries yay we had such a
fun day birthday shopping I cannot even
believe that we're gonna have a
one-year-old that's crazy we're gonna
have two kids over one and he's gonna be
walking soon like he was standing even
more today ah multiple times
okay guys thanks so much for watching
and we'll see you tomorrow bye
