good morning guys I'm hanging out with
my buddy Joel back in town back at it
again with the stuff that we're doing
today we are here with Ellie's dad and
we just pulled up we're going for
wheeling today we've got a little razor
with us so that's gonna be fun
beautiful beautiful country it's gonna
be a good day for for we on are you
ready to go really 20 minutes ago having
up since 5:30 yeah I don't want to leave
early let's just leave at 7:00 that's
five o'clock mine time
we have two really exciting things this
morning one our summer merge came I
cannot wait to open them up and look at
it and to Jackson we stand up you stand
up I'll show you just a little bit look
at his little boxers he's been wearing
his little underwear all morning all
morning he has a had an accident but he
also has like a barely peed in the
toilet so we'll see but we keke he loves
that he keeps getting on sitting on it
he loves taking on taking off his
underwear potty training is so fun huh
we'll see how he does let's see how he
likes it
but I imagine that if he were to go
potty a few times he'd be really really
excited because he's always excited when
he gets off is he excited a flushing
always goes I read body even though he
didn't go but anyway let's open this
summer March I'm really excited to see
what it looks like on well here is the
lineup I think we've got a pretty good
show room right here boys this is gonna
be a lot of fun I am in love with them
these are Jackson's shirts and this is
my van I love the pink banana and then
that one's for Jared this is probably my
favorite I love the sunglasses and then
these are kelvins oh my goodness yes I'm
so excited what what do I wear the pink
one or the red one I love pink I think
pink is probably my favorite color but
that red is really cute those play what
I'll wear cube do you want to wear this
one today or the oh this one's kind of
cute maybe will wear this one today for
you well we're taking a quick stop right
here kind of scoped out the trail ahead
then tons of climbing over these giant
rocks and it's been actually really cool
it's been a lot of fun I'm not sure how
much further this gel goes though it's
not giving us much is it no I mean we
can still go with those it's not very
well more yeah
within comes the new out
the old I'm going through the kids
closet and kind of getting rid of a few
things that don't fit as I and bring in
some new things so Jackson and Calvin
both got new little white ones easel
short sleeves and Jackson's underwear
his shirt another book
okay jogs he's been reading some books
do you want to look at carries the torch
no say no thank you
and then I'm doing the same with Calvin
as I'm taking some things that really
don't fit him because I did buy him just
a few where are they just a few new
little shirts the other day so I'm kind
of sad to see these go like this was
like my favorite little shirt on Calvin
but it just doesn't really fit him
anymore and same with these he wore
these a ton oh my goodness and these
Danya and wear these ones out they're so
cute but those are not the right size
for him but my clothes are next so mom
used to go through her closet and get
rid of a few things that I don't wear or
don't so that's what we're doing this
morning you believe what we just
stumbled on look at this this is awesome
how beautiful is that
you
I've been looking for the keys all over
and this is where I found them huh oh
sweet did you put those in there did you
put them in there yeah
Joel you have outdone yourself for lunch
today and crust the balls man's lunch
one there four-wheelin it's pretty good
pretty pretty good
no seriously Joel packed everyone a
little lunch we've got some Gatorade
some prunes some mangoes trail mix just
nice out here in the woods I've learned
a few things while on this trip rule
number one stay close rule number two
don't peed upwind
mmm being upwind is very bad news you
don't want to do that Joel knows from
experience people with Oh Jackson came
here let's take your shoes off yes
you're on the carpet that was funny we
just got here and but it goes oh I don't
want Jax to go downstairs with the shoes
on it Boston was helping him take his
shoes off oops sorry let me in velcro it
there you go sweetheart
I know you have the same ones I've been
my cheek like 15 times down every time I
do it swells up even more it makes it
easier and easier to bite and it's
driving me crazy you ever do that I wish
you would stop doing it so I could stop
hearing you complain about oh I do it
all the time it's just like just out of
nowhere we're just walking ah I keep
thinking like a bee sting and you feel
like we're here at the mall real quick
and Ellie is just she's just the
sweetest ever she insisted that I go
four-wheeling with Joel and dad even
though I've been gone for all this time
she's like you go and have fun with the
family it's going to be a lot of fun so
Joel and I are going here to the mall
after we're all done and we're going to
pick up some lush for our ladies
because because they love the lush
products so we're getting him a little
surprise for them it is crazy how big
Calvin is getting not only do you throw
fits now but he stands up on her own or
he stands up to is he gasps Dan okay
whoa just a little bit he has been
standing a lot more and he'll crawl up
to me and stand up and let go and just
stand there it's crazy I swear it's like
the week of Jackson - your birthday he
changed and the week of his one-year
birthday he's changing it's so crazy
okay this is what I have so far I think
it's definitely going to be enough for
Ellie and the kids I have a little fun
in the tub I think it's gonna be good oh
you know what
this one I remember Elly really likes
like it's like a lotion II massage bar
that like just like it's so good for
your skin it's just like it melts in
your pan I can feel it because it's so
creamy and good that makes like a soggy
yeah I think I'll get one of those too
how are you mr. Lincoln are you good
you're big - you guys play in all the
kids are just playing and hanging out
we're waiting for the dads to get home
maybe they'll bring us dinner because we
thought should have made it a bit okay
we've got our loot I think I think I
should make Ellie do like a howl and
show how good I am at selecting lush
products I don't know I just picked on
whatever smells good whatever smell the
best meat is like what I pad you can
grab anything yeah honestly that's like
how it is you're like yeah I'll just
take one of everything cuz everything's
good there you know bubbles bubbles and
melt and smells good and makes your skin
feel nice that's how luscious I guess
well all the kids rush upstairs to have
dinner and the lonesome little Calvin is
last buddy is coming you come in my baby
boy you come in where
hi how are you guys we're good anything
under that blanket why I like it we have
a surprise there's something mm-hmm
dinner should we do the reveal yeah we
got hi buddy okay
oh this was really heavy oh hey gasps
sweetie no but I cleaned the bathroom
today and I thought so I have any more
lush oh I'm completely out - I got you
some really good stuff and some stuff
that I did get a life so I hope you well
we were gone for a long time Wow Wow
you'll love one of these ones lately
Cheers
no open the other one I think you'll
love it it's like coffee beans oh yeah
you're welcome
Hey I love you love you and I love your
shirt it's so cute my pants yeah it's so
cute you guys have fun we had a blast we
attended the drug fall yeah um I have
enough battery so did he do anything
yeah we did so good Oh God
where are my kids I'm gonna say hi come
here you
this deli is continuing on her journey
her quest to get rid and I don't coming
in yellow clothes might you want it
donate do I keep it but I want to do
with it well I think we should keep
these keep these donate these okay okay
will do kids are in bed we're working
hard and then I think in a minute we
should like watch a show and you should
take a bath or something like that
actually that's a great idea I think the
London right is crazy this is crazy it's
been so Wendy the past few days okay
thank you guys so much for watching have
a wonderful weekend be sure to check out
our new merch I'll have it linked down
below and now not I right here thanks
for watching guys bye
