like this I immediately regret my
decision good morning guys let's take a
second and a look at my hair look at it
it's like so curly so I've always had a
little bit of actual curl and it's
usually just like around it is currently
just a little bit around my hairline and
a lot of times it's just annoying and
I'll blow dry it and it'll pretty much
flatten it out and but I hardly ever let
my hair air dry cuz I don't like how
annoying it is I mean it's probably not
like the cutest it might be a little
frizzy but I'm in love with it today
when I was a trying the misuse and I
swam and they're like salt water pool
instead of the chlorine I just notice
how good it looked and then in Florida
in the ocean I looked really good and so
today I just did not have time to get
ready too much because I was editing and
uploading the video taking care of the
kids and so I just spritz it a little
bit with salt sea salt spray and I
didn't even comb through it excited
didn't have time I think not coming
through it helped a lot but like it is
so curly I really like it
Jackson I was getting him dressed and he
insisted can I see your shirt stand up
he insisted on wearing his shirt he did
not want to take it off but we're gonna
go somewhere really fun today and I want
you to wear this
can we take your shirt off and wear this
Jackson can we take your shirt off and
wear this ah yeah okay oh good I got the
approval
okay well wear this oh good job
seriously all morning it was like no
Hulk shirt hope okay we're gonna wear
this cuz we're gonna go somewhere fun
today
Jared any last words oh my gosh this one
right here Darryl is driving so it was
nice knowing you guys I appreciate all
that you've done for me but your milk
which melts down
okay look what we have here oh my
goodness what a surprise
holy cow Wow
holy cow Calvin look so grown up today
Calvin he woke up from his nap and he
looked like he grew like four feet oh my
goodness this is cool so today they're
doing the footings which is concrete and
just I don't know even what it is but
then in a few days and they'll cement
and concrete all of it so and Jackson
saw the neighbor's dog which he loves I
still kind of feel funny that it's mine
like when I go um you know everyone
that's working knows it's mine cuz I'm
like walking around taking pictures and
stuff and everyone's like hi and it's
just it's weird that it's mine it's just
so funny um but it was so fun to see but
we're gonna go to a really cool Museum
it is a little far away so help me the
kids will shut their eyes and go to
sleep and we'll be there too so we are
shooting our very last video today and
involves a hoverboard and something very
cool you guys may have seen these on the
Internet yes we built them and we are
going to ride them and it's going to be
great I have already crashed twice on
them because turning is a lot harder
than you might think it might be but
we're gonna have a ton of fun with this
well that is a wrap on geekify guys we
had a ton of fun in fact I'm cooking an
egg on my arm right now isn't that crazy
there's egg on my arm lots of crashes
lots of spills lots of Falls but we have
a good time and it's gonna be we've got
some good videos under our belt I think
it's been gonna be great
now fly home fly away home hey what do
you think of this underwear yeah no
they're not socks your underwear do you
like a tree by those big-boy underwears
for you when you go potty in the toilet
yeah okay you hold on to them now it's
for when you go potty in the toilet
okay well clintus i certainly appreciate
everything that you have done for me
thank you so much thank you okay you
stay awake no sleep is like eggs oh my
gosh that's a whole other story I'll
tell you right now thanks man I
appreciate here take care you guys know
that I'm so self-conscious about my
breath well I've also self-conscious
about my smell too we were dealing with
lots of like raw eggs and milk in some
of the videos and I'm just like crap I
smell like
this is terrible and I'm so nervous for
the person sitting next to me I tried to
excite you still have like that
lingering smell you like oh crap so
person next to me on the plane I'm sorry
I smell like eggs and milk and we could
not have an outing with mom without
going and getting a hamburger so we've
got hamburger and a shake and this is no
ordinary shake look how good that is
that has gummy bears on it so the kids
are really happy we played hard now
we're eating some food coming your
food's coming - okay Oh fine I'll share
a little bit of whipped cream with you
yummy
we've been walking around the mall and I
tried a few dresses on and Jackson
looked at me and goes mama pretty this
just crazy because Jackson's at that age
that where you can look at something and
say pretty and like my boys there are
there are rocks in it yes mr. Jackson
there are professional that was really
cute but the kids are really good I
tried a few dresses on as we were just
walking around so it was kind of fun
jump down
expensive
704 please remain seated with your
seatbelt fastened oh well if you miss
that I seriously thought our plane was
going to crash like it it was the
craziest thing ever I've never
experienced anything like that before in
my entire life
we're coming down for a landing and then
out of nowhere the pilot gunned it and
flew straight back up there was just
crazy crazy weather coming into Salt
Lake just I mean it was raining a little
bit but nothing too bad I guess the wind
was really bad but it was just yeah it
was just crazy
then we circled around back into Salt
Lake her back into northern Utah and
then came back and then just dropped I
think we dropped I don't know for three
milliseconds we just thought it was it
was so scary I've never been so scared
in my life
and then just shook and it was just
crazy
oh my gosh that was freaky I seriously
thought our plane was gonna crash I
can't believe it but then we landed and
everyone clapped no that was a good fart
daddy hi hi Jackson hey buddy
he never cries did you miss me
you give me a kiss ma I love you oh look
at this fun balloon
Ellie what plane almost proud yeah tell
me it was the scariest thing ever and
we're gonna drive home okay buddy let's
go tell me what happened well we made a
home all safe and sound and got the kids
to bed and I can't tell you how good it
was to see my two little boys my sweet
wife but now we are going to say goodbye
for now so thank you guys so much for
watching be sure to give the video a big
thumbs up
do you haven't I already subscribed be
sure to hit that subscribe button just
let you know whenever we put up a new
video and we'll see you guys tomorrow
thanks for watching bye
