so Darryl has no idea about about 20
minutes ago I put a huge piece of tape
on his back and it's still there and he
has no idea about it has anyone ever
seen this before
what in the heck is this it was like the
second most requested thing to blow up
it's like this Furby alien I mean it
looks like it looks like a toy that guy
from toys boom is right there it is
he has no idea is no idea how long has
it been there
how long is defend there like 20 minutes
now 20 hours
Darrell found the very first piece of
tape but I got a second one on him so
putting tape on Dale's back like every
time he turns around rashly denotes like
minutes crazy this is our house you want
to get in the rocks of course you do and
you know what absolutely we can get in
the rocks in just a minute after we eat
so today what they did was they pushed
back a day or so so today they had to
finish like the sewage and the pipes
underneath tomorrow they are doing
footings for the house and then Friday
or Monday they are going to fill it they
will put the concrete in and so we will
have an actual house getting going so
that's what we're doing today Jackson is
already and he's just hanging out with
some of the kids we have had already
made some good friends here and he's
already made some friends here so feels
like home it really does it feels like
home so lunch is good we're gonna finish
playing and then we're all gonna go take
some naps you just want to go on a walk
instead
yeah for a walk and get donuts
Jackson woke up the kids that really
sleep so we came to the park to play and
Jackson was kind of upset that the slide
had sand and bark all over yeah that is
a formula he just wants to go on a walk
so I think we're just gonna take the
kids on a little stroll so we've been
out in the middle of nowhere pretty much
all day shooting these videos have been
so much fun it's been explosive it's
been hard it's been it's crazy and we're
in the middle of this like driveways
right lake and we're in this sports car
and put those two together
all right that's pretty good
I'm gonna try something I've never done
before and I'm probably gonna mess it up
so I figure I might as well take out the
camera print this will you - yeah who is
this Oh what is his name oh that's the
hole do you want to color him I thought
this would be stuff on your own there
that'll walk them they have a little
craft store
ten minutes after uh it's been a hot day
but we were walk and I saw this and
Jackson's been loving the whole lately
and like all of the characters cuz of
aunt Bonnie has a lot of the masks at
her house so I thought this would be so
fun well
Calvin takes a nap that we color Joanne
do that Oh perfect and I'll grab this
one I should be grieving for his face
on his face dude on his so you guys
remember that car that we were doing
donuts in and the one that I was trying
to slide over what's your middle name
again ruins everything yeah it's just
right over there it it broke down what
it was well there is no fix in that car
we had to go get it towed and we're out
here in the middle of nowhere luckily it
could drive just a little bit and
there's a gas station a few miles away
so that's pretty much it that we're
doing out here so we're heading back and
seeing what other cars we can look for
and find and get cuz we're gonna spin
some donuts some way somehow that is
Thor say Thor Thor and Iron Man and Hulk
and I'm Jared see you disappointed I
forgot his name what's his name I don't
know they forgot his name yeah this is
Jackson the new Jami that we colored and
and that's his contribution but I think
it looks pretty good
what do you think do you like it it's a
little big you're pretty proud of
yourself you want write to church well
maybe that looks pretty good
look how cute that looks okay should we
go watch a movie yeah and have some
popcorn yeah okay come on my little Hulk
my sweet Hulk you're not an angry Hulk
just now Calvin was upstairs and Josh so
goes baby Calvin he wanted to make sure
baby Calvin was down for a movie too
well that was a long day it was a fun
day it was a hot day but we got sorry it
was a long day it was a fun day but we
got some good stuff done
let me just reset this lever okay we're
having some fun and it's it's just been
I just been so good what's up man thank
you so much for coming like I really do
appreciate you from the from the bottom
of their hearts yeah I'm gonna thank you
from like the top like this like the top
Center hat part of my heart you're a
glass-half-full kind of guy yet yeah
Arturo Trejo mr. Oakes what a wonderful
day I mean it's not very often I get
invited to go sit out at a dry lake bed
and get sunburned for about 12 hours
yeah so those you only do the best most
fun things with us yes I appreciate you
coming out it is so much fun I
appreciate you inviting me to do all the
best things yeah please tell Nancy and
Jose Luiz hello every time I go into the
kitchen I can't help but notice my
Mother's Day flowers still look amazing
I cannot believe that look how good they
look once again thank you so much Jared
I'm going to go ahead and end the vlog
I'm gonna edit my footage and send it
over to Jared thank you guys so much for
watching and we'll see you tomorrow I'm
gonna go pick Jed up from the airport
tomorrow so I'll be happy to see him so
well see ya bye guys
