good morning guys we have about three
hours to hang out in the morning so
you've had breakfast we're gonna in the
hot tub I keep having a soothing suit
malfunction we do that for me yes I will
fix it
I got you see me shoot for summer and
the back of it it might keep it does it
stay up at all like it Calvin on one do
it all unhook so I need to make sure to
like safety pin or some but yeah it's
even cute yeah no I'm gonna put my hope
in the potluck this will just popped up
oh no okay baby boys are you ready are
you ready to go getting a hot tub yes
Calvin loves karma karma was just right
here and Calvin was like darting over
there
you love karma huh yes through getting a
hot tub goodness oh yeah Calvin is
loving Dharma just go around look happy
so excited to see Karma yeah just wanna
come here karma come here the ball here
a second but let me see the ball come
here come on
you like the but you like the doggy
you won't play them yeah you do huh I
can't get over how beautiful it is out
here it's just stinking gorgeous and you
guys are having fun with the kids it's
so cute it's morning before we hit the
flight I know it's so great and you get
the babies and they love it Calvin is
like such a little fish he loves the
sink and water
look at them go yeah you having fun in
the Sun seriously loving the water and
he's been kicking yes he has let's show
him how you kick kick kick kick kick
kick kick
kick he's my kick in and he's been doing
so cute
whoo
is that Jacksonville soon um no I bought
like ten of oh yeah one for each side I
honestly love those hey ready who's on
my back huh who's on my back who is all
my back I found him I found the guy hey
were you on my back well some of you
guys may know that Ellie hates cold
water she just despises cold water in
like swimming pools like but she says
it's hot in the hot tub so I'm gonna
jump in the pool now friends like are
you sure it's like 75 degrees what I
think is perfect but the little white
thing floating I was gay let's see you
babe do a cannonball how is it is it
called oh I'll get the check from Calvin
like freezing or is it just like chilly
fish is called it feels really good give
it fry they do
we're short on time you can see a little
bumpy there
turn it
what am I doing wrong
yay Jackson what you doing what is it
what is it what did the bugs go here did
they go down that hole yeah look there's
one leg no one get it did you get it
yeah
excited revolted I know eight
Wow he's crazy that's crazy you would
eat that dirt so I'm taking a journey on
the Ranger have a great time all the
ever fun
Missy showed us how it's done on the
four-wheeler doing some donuts here and
there
judges give us your score oh there she
goes
well for a very very short morning I
think we had tons of fun and did some
amazing things got the hot tub and we
played on a Jew did you like a TV it was
so much fun I did some donuts it was
great
hungry for some donuts or something like
that since you're just kind of funny
like that but it was just so much oh
thank you so much for having us here
like a day it was like we were here for
what less than 24 hours always not going
to chill for as long as you want
well err per month we're calling that
room the Ellie and Jared sweetie
you guys so with the blur oh no we did
it
oh go do that real quick I guess Laurie
the best part so you can have like
little memories and hey you little guy a
few little things
so I'm will be back again and we'll help
come and stay so my god we can't wait to
see your guys's in place yeah that'll be
so much fun I just love it it's cool
that we're just like we're all doing the
same thing at the same time oh here we
get a picture of all the key little
fighting we took off 20 minutes off of
our drive went through security so fast
and boom we are here
but jared is meeting I'm going home
Jackson I've got some more well-to-do
and I am flying on another plane going
to a different location and I'm like
really looking good bye guys yes that's
not good right here these guys right
here I love you thank you bye all right
okay say bye bye bye bye dad we just got
back from Costco and now we're having
dinner huh I can't baby you can eat your
hamburger pieces your green beans ladies
yes have a green bean
I made my wife I'm on the airplane right
now we're about
is like very personal
Virgin America
that's pretty cool
all right I landed in Las Vegas and I've
a special friend who's coming to pick me
up at the airport and I'm also very
excited about tomorrow because I'm going
to meet someone who I've never met
before I have always wanted to someone
who I've watched on YouTube for a long
time
and I'm just really excited to meet them
I got to meet a lot of really cool
youtubers yesterday and it's continuing
on tomorrow so this is gonna be great
what mind if I get to live your taxi is
here
hey Gunter's yeah not too shabby it's
9:30 I have a two-hour drive ahead of me
so I have some trail mix to keep me
snacking a little drink to stay awake so
I cannot wait to go home and sit in my
bed and give Jackson a little Oh big
chasm no a little kiss a big kiss
decided to go home and give Jackson a
kiss so two hour ride ahead of me okay
so we just pulled up to our Airbnb and I
came into the master bedroom and look at
the airforce clintus they have swans as
swans in the shape of a heart
clintus how do they know it was our
anniversary that's very cute did you put
them up to this is this your idea
where's this my idea
you'll never know it's very cute though
huh we just got back from the grocery
store we got a couple things for the
morning but me and these swamps are
gonna call it a night so thank you guys
so much for watching big thanks to Brian
and Missy for letting us hang out with
them the past day go subscribe to their
channel if you haven't and we'll see you
guys tomorrow
thanks for watching bye
