you got a very very early flight because
we have somewhere to go tonight
I'm ready I'm a special date tonight yes
let's let's uh open
okay Friday this year showing us around
and my goodness this is where we paid
for one night yeah we'll come back again
we have a huge trip on some time with
all the kids and this is where we're
gonna look at this so fun
Missy you have a beautiful home is
stunning and it's like you just like did
it so fast all right Jared is hopping on
this thing well you know how to do this
bro I've never done a manual ok reverse
is really tricky I'm gonna hook this in
and put it into gear so I might just
push you out
hey boys are you having a good time you
having fun
Finley are you having fun with your new
friend Calvin or is he kind of
infringing on all your space oh no no no
no no no no this is like the coolest old
playroom ever so we're hanging out here
in California for just a smidgen of time
we're actually gonna go to Dancing with
the Stars again and this time I'm
bringing my I get a cup you gonna play
with us and it's gonna be so much fun
do you guys remember on Instagram a
little bit ago I posted two pictures one
was the picture that Bonnie found for a
shoe for this dress and one was the
picture that I found and pretty much
Bonnie won the vote but I found a shoe
that I liked it was in between the two
shoes I'm going to show you you might
show yeah sure let's get an outfit of
the day to dress a few years ago and I
found that Calvin liked them too I found
these shoes and I thought that it was
the perfect mix of what Bonnie liked and
what I liked yeah so you pick them up
but yeah does it look I think they look
great I think it matches the dress
perfectly and you look awesome and then
there's me I forgot my tie at home I
feel like a giant fool who wears a suit
on hi I'm George such a fool fool Jack
don't forget your underwear now
apparently Brian has organized a very
special mode of transportation for
someone very excited to see exactly what
we have a very big group of us but we
all want to go together
yes we all want to write together and
there's only one way that I can think of
how we can do this properly probably
only one way a helicopter yeah right
yeah okay that's me I don't hear
anything no I hear anything do they have
over chop around here yeah I hear it
it's coming it's no helicopter but I
think this'll do
oh my goodness early we have to hide you
Ellie Ellie didn't know that what she
had to bring her idea I didn't know we
had to bring our ID she left her purse
at the place and so we have to smuggle
her into depending with the site because
security is like it's just going crazy
today or something like that they really
add the security but Mike you should be
on Dancing with the Stars you're not so
we made it here and we're just trying to
get in and hopefully Ellen no one sees
Ellie so no talking Ellie I think we're
almost at was awesome they actually
recognize your van they're like oh you
guys were here earlier we made it back
thanks again Mike this is awesome if you
guys if you guys don't remember Mike him
and his wife Ashley they huge parts in
Dancing with the Stars back in the day
and they're getting us these tickets to
Dancing with the Stars and it's just
we're gonna have a lot of fun it's gonna
be great no my Conda and I was like oh
I'll be watching it's okay
we
you know whatever you want to do
make sure that there's no flash
especially during show
there's Brian singing and dancing to the
music
singer Brian
look at Mike and Ashley just hanging out
talking to Tom Bergeron like it's no big
deal
that man is a hosting legends
having to get the home look how GNU in
the night
they're probably talking about dinner
plans or something like that
everybody is taking pictures and
tweeting and instagramming we gotta sit
at where the judges dinner we have all
of our friends so everyone's just what
Catron lame ride just got here super
lame right not even fun at all want to
get inside and play with the led
delights drink the cold drink dr. Mike
and Ashley here they are the reason that
all of this has happened dance-off being
at Dancing with the Stars thank you guys
for putting this on all the viewers I
mean like we had a ton of people here
and it's all because of us
thank you so much
anyway we should be thanking you
but yeah it was such a fun night though
oh my gosh meet all these different
youtubers and just was so it was so
thank you guys a hunger channel listed
down below if you guys want to check out
their YouTube channel and more dance off
come more demos to come sure you only be
great you'll see us at playlist and some
other place is coming up soon it's gonna
be fun oh you shouldn't what we should
do is like see who you guys want to see
in the dance-off in the comments below
who do you want to see dancing it'll be
awesome yeah let's do that
that'll be fun yeah thank you Thank You
Jared thank you I do
hey sunshine I'm birdie huh they said
that kinda crazy to canal went to
Bethany need to do just woke up a little
bit for a poopy diaper sorry how much
think you didn't mean me unpopular for
watching it we are gonna call it a night
and then get some sleep and we will see
you guys tomorrow thanks for watching
bye
