what are you kidding me what the heck
good morning happy Sunday of course
every time I get a cold I leave my voice
every time but daddy daddy's upstairs
working but look our pancakes are done
do you like it 19:08 aced a little
different huh
hey Kate take a bite oh here Calvin
there's yours
I'll keep feeding you do you like the
pancake Rios they fill so we're sitting
together having a delicious meal some
pork and lettuce and asparagus and green
beans Jackson has already finished all
of his but we're trying to get him to
eat a little asparagus but we're running
into a little issue look can you take
one little bite why not yeah give me
something back hey Jackson look I just
want take one bite
okay watch you hold it and just take one
little bite maybe right here because
this is really take a little bite
go ahead yeah what did you say earlier I
put it in front of his face and he goes
Steve this is dink
oh you want some you love asparagus
oh no the lenses all dirty now you got
to it too quick but Jackson lately has
been like so good at exploring the food
like he eats pretty much what I give him
no I mean he's eating is fair game he
grabbed it and took it ran is eating it
took a little minute I mean who didn't I
just thought it was so funny he's like
it stinks come come sit on your chicken
stool he loves to sit on that little
chicken stool hey do you like your
asparagus yeah yeah is it good yeah
take a bite for him you show me that's a
good boy high-five you brilliant so
funny
oh god you did that again ah well hello
umm as funny the other days there was a
few comments that were like I didn't
even realize they had a bathroom down
here yes this is a bathroom right here I
think we filmed and at once actually um
so the kids are napping and we're going
somewhere really fancy on Monday night
with some friends and so I tried
something new I did the other day of my
hair straight it is really limited
that was
but I'm trying to see what these curlers
all do so far the back one did quite a
bit I don't know
it kind of looks rough pouring it out
but it's actually really soft
like it's just more frizzy than anything
huh
what do we think I really didn't do as
much as I thought
anyway I thought it'd be fun to put some
rollers in and see what it does
I actually like the front of what it
does there but interesting you were to
try it again tomorrow morning I'm going
to curl my hair and then roll it up and
see if it'll give me a little bit more
lift I hear the cry of my baby boy and I
am going now to get you from your crib
right nobody oh don't be sad
oh are you disappointed that it's not
mommy come here hey hey hey you're
better now
ah are you all better now
we
ah
there are you all better now buddy hmm
you all better know sometimes we wake up
and it just doesn't feel to wake up then
we cry a little bit
it's okay daddy does it too sometimes
mommy does it too sometimes
Jackson does it a little bit that's okay
we're all awake now we're gonna have a
good day
hmm are you teaching into class these
kids are the kids are rolling off the
couch
clapping their hands together well yeah
Jackson and Calvin they play together
credit but just plays last week I've
noticed that they like stay by each
other's sides and they play an a laugh
together ah clap your hands yay kick
your feet get him get him get him get
him get him he willingly run Capo get on
it
he willingly ran
my mom bye we made a stop but grandma
grandpa's
and Calvin was kind of being fussy in my
hands and grandma took him and he was
being fussy and then grandma said oh
we'll go get you a cookie and he stopped
just like that
he knows how does he know you are a year
old and you stopped fussing that's
pretty lucky to get a cookie I don't
think you've ever had a cookie like that
before
these are grandma great-grandma me comes
favorite cookies as jug Chuck Chuck
Chuck Chuck Chuck Chuck Chuck you are
already wash cleaned and ready to go for
bed
you got your dinosaur book and your
dinosaur pajamas we actually video
chatted say with Brian Missy today and
they said it was actually national
dinosaur day so it's very fitting let
your weighing your dinosaur pajamas is
that fun you're all under new geumja
yeah had his jammies since before
Christmas
these ones oh those are yeah I'm like so
ready to get them new pajamas oh do you
remember Christmas Santa that's right oh
my gosh that's so fun yeah you guys are
too cute for your own good you know that
we are going to call it a night thank
you guys so much for watching have a
wonderful week as you start your own
Monday off right we'll see you guys
tomorrow
Thanks sorry eyes turn at the kids they
were like cute so cute bye bye Calvin
say bye oh look at him he is bye bye
guys all right what are you kidding me
what the heck
your mama
