good morning guys and happy Saturday
yesterday was so amazing and today is
going to be just as good we've got the
whole family already packed up in the
car and yeah we're gonna do yep that's
exactly right we're gonna go look at our
place
should go look at the whole look wow
this is crazy huh huh huh we're just
walking up to the you know what we could
do well this could be like a paintball
course Ellie it really good look at that
the E and J Oh what thank you you're
those kid the end of the video today
okay there's the hole so this um yeah
what is like yeah this is the main
garage right here this is the third car
garage is our bedroom so we can look out
the backyard
he sat on the potty twice today by the
way yes he didn't go potty but he sat on
it twice oh you're still here you pesky
little giant not even little at all
crack I'm gonna fix you some day I took
the boys yesterday to go get it fixed
but the line was so long to get the
glass fixed and we have you know all the
house stuff going on
and they told us that we have to
actually have to get the entire
windshield replaced so we're like I will
do it today instead of yesterday so
you're gonna get fixed that's right
Jackson you say go away glass back in
the day haze that hops
put your hand straight up that's two
feet least that might be more in high
school I had the record for vertical
leap
I could dunk of a little tennis ball cuz
all of my pole vaulting and stuff had a
36 inch vertical leap that was back in
high school days when I peaked okay
whoever gets to the plane first wins
go oh used to have a chance Lincoln go
go go go go go boom
hi babies these two don't really have
their own oh and then you saw the door
open he's darting he's got so bad these
little boys don't have their one-on-one
playdates like ever because all the
other kids are usually here so these
kids are just going to kind of play and
won't have big kids to take their toys
away Joel and Jared went over to Jared's
parents to drop some stuff off from
Joel's yard and so we're just kind of
hanging out and of course what are we
talking about babies and make up baby
pick up in the wash Bonnie's and letting
me borrow some and I'm looking at my
love you find her I am quite a bit tan
today I got sunburned yesterday so I
didn't want to do like like the widest
foundation I had because it would look
awful my first one but I Bonnie was just
saying how can you look at how amazing
she looks I'm like what's on your face
well things I'm not really this tan but
kind of blended it together so he's good
and I'm getting over like a little head
cold and so being in the Sun is like
making me even more sick like being out
there so it feels good to be in your
basement where it's cool yes okay don't
be got your pinkie he is like proud of
himself the company probably does not
approve of this right now but we do as
parents even dare do he loves them yes
Kelvin is crazy there we'll start over
he'll crawl up on it and like stay bored
and move the baby you
in the face he loves it
you're too little
okay coy sleep he was on this tummy
earlier he is so happy
Calvin Calvin do you know that they're
matching yes this is my favorite this is
from Target that's my favorite say mama
mama mama mama mama you talking Calvin
yes mama say mama look at that look he's
trying mama do you want this oh my god
say mama mama mama mama dada he says in
a deep voice dad you guys don't even
care that you're just crawling over each
other they're just hot they just made
their way into the corner and have it
left yep any ball what is that some
smiley yes you guys are happy
come here no nothing camera no ladies
and gentlemen boys and girls it's about
that time
Cullen cue the music wait go ahead drop
that beat young fresh tips
fresh new set of fresh full tank
fresh steps fresh
here is the final result Lu always does
such a good job doing my haircut thank
you so much really I appreciate it very
much
so here's the situation guys I'm getting
tweets and Instagram pictures all over
the place of you guys getting our Ellie
and Jared at summer merchandise and I am
so thrilled and so excited the colors
look so vibrant and rich and it's just
awesome the issue is I haven't got yet
Ellie has some Calvin has some Jackson
has some I have some that are coming in
the mail and I haven't got him yet and
I'm kind of freaking out and dying
because I see all these amazing people
get them and I don't have them yet we
gotta go get her some emerge should we
go check the mail whoo gotcha save Jeff
to come nope
shoot mommy and daddy are gonna go on a
date tonight but before we do we're
gonna take a little four-wheeler right
is that fun yeah it is fun let's go do
it
I'm so proud ease doing it you're doing
good Jackson you show me a smile
you
hello hello good job
Vivian oh I love ya bitch sheesh you are
your mother's son Donna you know that
Jackson
what was that thing that was fun yeah oh
I'm so glad you had fun you like to hang
on yeah yeah that's some good high five
do you like are you scared of the
four-wheeler and anymore hey yeah a
little bit but it's still fun to ride
huh ha we went to the park on you played
hey I'm proud of you it doesn't matter
how bad of a cold I have whenever I get
a cold I lose my voice I hate it because
I don't feel sick
I just always lose my voice so there you
have it the kids did great oh my gosh it
was just like that normal condition it
was awesome we're ready for a little
date whoa I'm always a big proponent and
we don't do near as well as no we should
or want to go on a date with your spouse
if you so here's the thing if you're
watching this video right now I want you
to go to your spouse if you're married
and saying let's go on a date this week
set a date and do something fun it
doesn't have to be extravagant or
anything just go on and walk in the park
you know that kind of stuff
it can even be with your family I think
make sure you said it sorry I
interrupted okay I think um I think we
don't go on very many date dates
meandered because we kind of have that
luxury and we do it with our kids like
every day we're together and we enjoy
being around the kids a lot I have a
hard time leaving them
but I think it is important that we
together have a time with us and do
stuff together I'm excited I'm excited
I'm so excited
we're meeting Bonnie Joel for dinner and
then we're gonna go have our own little
adventure
you chose dinner where I got with Texas
Roadhouse because I am craving rolls I
can't have rolls on my diet so I'm
excited to have those on my cheat day
another thought that we wanted to make
before we go is we've been working with
a couple friends for some time now and
we've had a lot of fun with them and we
wanted to get them a little gift we're
spending a couple days with them Monday
and Tuesday at the end yeah we want to
give them a thank you gift so we're
gonna go and look at a couple things at
the jewelery store and I was gonna think
I have a mind okay let's go get it
that's what I got what do you think I
think it looks pretty good nice and
simple I think it looks just like her
style too well I think it fits herself
so well
cool okay the kids are in bed and you
know what that means their heads are on
the pillow and it is time to sleep and
you know what that means
oh let me tell you a goldfish dr. pepper
we've got a new modern family to watch
and we're gonna watch that we're gonna
have enjoyable time just you and me I
love watching let her go with you that's
the way don't watch many like show shows
like Modern Family better call Saul some
of our favorites yeah so that's what
we're gonna do we're going to enjoy our
Saturday night together hope you have an
awesome weekend and we'll see you guys
tomorrow on Sunday happy Sunday for you
guys by E I love you
