one two three
there we go
there we go got some shoes guys today is
the day we are starting our house we
have Donuts Bonnie and Jill are gonna
come celebrate we have like streamers
and stuff to celebrate whoa
Jackson does only be in his car seat
Calvin you're good I gotta finish buckle
them in let's go I'm sneaking over to my
parents house real quick because one
thing I need a grab that's very
important to the digging process that
you can actually dig without did you do
diddly doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
got it can't dig without a shovel you
can't dig without a shovel yeah Jackson
do you see the tractor that big old
truck
look at that do you love it they're
gonna make a dig hole right there for
our house did you know that so before
they get started digging the hole we are
gonna break ground first and I'm so
excited are you ready for oh yeah are
you gonna help Jax you can help me okay
you ready
yeah grandpa with both hands yeah
perfect ready good thing you brought
your topsoil it's good thing we've got a
got a big track well I'm just a little
we'll work right here okay that works
Curie jacks come by dad you know what
the little list will work
reading do you want to help me turn it
over
okay here we go grab with both hands
there we go
we're gonna get out let's do it
what you doing buddy what are you
digging your room yeah you're such a
good helper dig it
good job buddy Jackson can you believe
they're gonna dig our new house right
now
are you excited look it's going it's
going right now
oh my gosh I love that I love that so
much
this is insane to me this is where this
is like a parade it seriously is like
this to show that this is where our kids
are gonna grow up this is where we're
gonna make so many memories like this
land that they're moving like we're
gonna utilize and it's just like it's so
crazy and inspiring and emotional and
exciting I love it I'm so excited like
years and years like now the milestones
were memories the everything Jackson's
first date he might have oh my god no I
know crazy huh
why Kelly said we've got our shovels
we've got our tractors we've got
doughnuts and hot chocolate Boston
Jackson go dear you guys having fun you
guys like this are you guys like the
doughnuts more than the tractor that's
building our house or digging our hole
it's part of the process so same same
okay mister are you having fun you
rolling in the dirt Calvin he is ready
for an out I'm going to put them in the
stroller and go on a little walk
these guys are just gonna sit and play
Jackson's been like rolling down this
little hill just slidin loves it loves
it
so do you say this is exciting because
my boy oh my gosh I can't wait I am so
thrilled and excited and overjoyed with
happiness and gladness all over the
place
Ilana
holy crapola that was scary I was flying
the drone capturing the part where you
know he just moves the backhoe back and
forth and I was flying the drone
parallel to it literally inches from
hitting the drone I almost ran into the
tobacco I cannot believe it
that drone would have been toast luckily
I'm an excellent pilot who knows exactly
what he's doing at all times and all
things in all places that's that's a
joke that's a lie we have these two
Yahoo's against here and we're going to
the store to grab some hydrating liquids
because it is very hot outside we're
taking a little break and then we're
also gonna get those back glass fix Cody
did you see that glass in the windshield
how it was all broken no it was crazy
I'll show you we're gonna go get it
fixed okay
you guys ready let's go you see that
how'd that happen a rock hit us on the
freeway where well we were driving in
the car it when you're driving car yeah
um when we were driving back home that
needs to be fixed right now this is so
crazy
we were all hot at the place so we
decided to come back have lunch and
Calvin what do you think what do you
think you have the water table done swim
the boys are matching senses they're
playing in this cool little blow-up
thing that I got for for Calvin and
Jackson and I have to tell you Ellie can
filled these with warm water well don't
they get that I blew it up with my own
lungs warm air that I blew up from my
mouth well the kids are the kids are
pretty happy
what can swim you see I know the cutest
thing I've ever seen Wow that would be
rejection
hey Piper are you okay hey Jackson say
yeah do it again go go go yeah yeah
sliding into home plate Oh Calvin to
make it as trim around her face
he's come in he's gonna dive in all play
later zombies coming in as Calvin
officially loves it you love you kiddie
pool he's like Sidious you ain't no
corndog these kids they are going to
enjoy sitting at all for bummer in there
and we're gonna eat some corn dogs and
some fries what I'm just gonna sit right
here yeah sit my bum right here watch
them look I'm cute
Calvin keeps getting in and out and all
the water gets splashed out every like
two seconds are revealing it round two
of visiting the property we're gonna go
see the progress that they've made today
oh look at that that is that's our house
right there oh my gosh can you believe
that Olivia this is awesome and of
course when there's a hole in the ground
you've got to have a place to put the
dirt we're climbing the mountains we're
climbing the mountains Jackson are you
climbing up we're climbing up the
mountain we're getting there to the very
top
oh you're almost everybody oh we've had
a champion already Cody how does it feel
to be at the top good what do you think
Jack here it is look at that how freakin
sweet is this this is the entryway this
is the bedroom there's gonna be a
bathroom like right there uh-huh and
then like right there in the back and
mom and dad's room
what is that Jackson here worried
Jackson is looking at that thing right
there and he says wooly Willy is that
wall-e right there Jackson that wall-e
you know that your kid has had a long
day what he lays in his own bed and says
daddy lay down let's take a nap what are
you gonna do Jackson are you ready for
bed
daddy Miguel ok go lay down and daddy
lay with you hey come what I like turn
off the light he's never once never done
kick old lady on ok dad good night
sweetheart
can we kiss I love you come I gonna say
mama say mama mom hey mom say mama mama
yes Jackson has put itself to bed pretty
much I'm just getting Calvin ready for
bed we are exhausted that was so fun so
much fun like our neighbors were so nice
everyone was like if you want to use our
yard the kids can play if you want to
sit in our shade you know everyone was
so nice we had such a wonderful day
hello look at the head hello hello
ladies oh hello I like your attitude
what an amazing monumental day this was
incredible I cannot wait to go to that
property every single day and see what
has changed guys come along the ride
with us hit the subscribe button and
watch our house be built every single
day with us it's
gonna be so amazing I can't wait thank
you thank you so much for watching
we hope you have a wonderful weekend and
we will see you tomorrow
thanks for watching bye
