good morning oh are you helping him set
Calvin you like your new camping chair
yes it's perfect just for you no this
one's yours
right there I'm good morning guys today
we are going to pick out a hardwood
floor we are picking out a tile we're
picking outdoors
yeah that's baby see we have so much to
do today so Jackson you are going to
Aunt Bonnie's house and you're gonna
play is Cody a bust in grandma's gonna
come over and put you down for a nap and
then later you're gonna hang out grandma
the rest of the day so sound okay that
is a flashlight what do you want for
breakfast
pancakes pancakes it is
are you gonna listen to aunt Bonnie yeah
you know you could be a good boy
okay I want to listen look and eat your
lunch too stairs okay look at me will
you be a good boy today and you eat all
your lunch and you listen to aunt Bonnie
and uncle Joel okay
oh they're calling him okay thank you we
made it we're excited we're ready to
rock and roll where did where did Ellie
go she must have run in she's so excited
she can't wait we're here to look at
some carpet and pick the soft goodness
that we're gonna lay on and walk on and
all that goodness there you are just so
excited you have to run in here look at
all this carpet I know what I want or no
I know what I don't want it's I think
that that brings in arrows I know what I
want and I want it now I want something
like this with a little texture small
texture not too thick not shaggy
they have parts that are cut and then
parts that are a full loop so the loop
actually is what keeps them more durable
that holds up other carpet fibers were
sticky yeah so you can go moral ooh
there we go that's the one I think the
most important thing to me is whatever
is the softest when I lay on it right
because there might be some times where
I just fall you know fall down and take
a nap on the carpet I want to be able to
nap on the carpet yeah and so that's a
much more practical approach I'm not
thinking about that
okay how long have we been in here ten
minutes maybe it fell together pretty
easy because we wanted but it was
getting married there's a lot to choose
from
there's a lot to choose from but we
pulled out this one and we're lelee's
looking at she's like yep that's the one
right there
well we're looking at a few other colors
down here but then we came up it looks
really good so this would be close to
our wall color mm-hmm this would be the
trim and notice happy the car maybe the
carpet I think it's there good contrast
of each other and it'll make those the
room feel really good oh there he goes
who is let into the secret room I'm
trying to think of a door joke I think
our hubcaps are jealous of your home do
you have all four hubcaps
missing one there someday someday I was
trying to scare you I was waiting for
you to come around
Turner was playing a blinder I was
playing with blinds actually they have
these interesting blinds embedded inside
of the door and you can shut them like
that and then this will lift it up all
the way oh that wasn't good
nothing happened you didn't see anything
fixed it
move that scared me no oh yes classless
this is still gonna match your style of
your house and just be very okay it's
not gonna go too contemporary
Jer and I have gotten along with
everything and this is the first little
I was like no he's like no I just I want
okay I don't know so what we're debating
on um my office and door I know well and
so we're talking cuz I'm having French
doors in my office and we're debating
like do we want the grids do move on
just a full pane of glass and I looked
on Pinterest and I used interests I'm
not afraid having a can use Pinterest so
I saw I saw three pain when I was like
oh that looks so cool but they don't
have it so there's this for pain one
this is brand new and I wasn't seeing
the big picture I saw it and I was like
I don't think I like the entryway is
such a big deal and so Andrea pulled up
this which it's the same door but just
white and clear glass and it looks so
good and Chris that's Chris so I
couldn't see the full the full picture
until she pulled it up you see my vision
okay we'll do it you want I'm sorry and
Jared's office will do Jared I agree on
a lot of things as far as the house goes
I would say 99.9% of them yes and we're
pretty good at compromising as well but
today was probably the first day and it
wasn't even bad but it was just like I
don't like I was like I don't like that
I don't like that and after like talking
about it and like looking at pictures
and looking options I actually really it
was probably our biggest argument about
the house we don't even like it big you
know and that's what comparatively no it
was like time no no and it was my cuz
they're all laughing and it wasn't like
an argument was just it was our first
like disagreement that were just we are
not like the first thing we both see
were like yes we both like that is fun
is this is a fun process because we work
together so we are learning to like
each other we're growing together with
the kids were learning to grow as
parents and with the house I feel like
it's been like like just like dancing
that was a fun communication oh yeah
this is a whole nother level it's like a
marriage building exercise that we're
gonna build IKEA furniture see how long
no no that's a deal-breaker yeah okay
here we are
here we are where's Justin where's
Jackson are you Jackson look at the
camera Hey something I have especially
noticed as we've been doing this whole
building process
is everybody is good at something and
there's so much more to something then
you realize you know working in the
salon it's not as simple as putting a
color on your hair you have to like work
through the undertones and colors that
are else are in your hair you know even
doing makeup I'm picking out doors there
was so much more to it you know we were
doing a little kitty door for the play
area downstairs and I said oh so you
just take a door and you cut it out
that's pretty much what he said and he
goes yeah but there's a lot more to it
like you still have to trim it you still
have to like put a lot more work into it
and and I know that but it but it just
makes me realize that there's so much
more to what everybody does whether you
are a carpenter or a painter or a
builder or a door master or a youtuber
of lager like a grill master agree
literally like a chef there's so much
more to everything than other people
realize like I didn't realize that there
was so much thought that you put into a
door
so I am appreciating this process I am
enjoying it I'm enjoying doing the city
this is so fun it's fun and I'm so glad
and I think the biggest thing is that we
we know what each other likes and we're
working together and yes I think that's
the biggest thing that could have been
very bad oh my gosh my heart is like
pounding right now
look at that guys we just got hit by a
giant rock or something anything quite
like that like look how big it is
compared to my hand like it's oh my gosh
- I'm freaked that was scary
like my heart is pounding it was just
like it was the loudest thud like I've
ever heard oh my gosh hello hello where
my boys I you had done the slide um hi
Calvin
hi buddy hey look at me you guys look at
me can't give me a hug
oh I missed you oh did you have fun with
Grandma today okay
my goodness good night a fun game that's
a very good practical application as
well yeah daddy's watch do you like it
daddy's gonna have a review on his
channel very soon ready set go
that was close you guys can't see it
yeah but that's our house right there si
si Alli do you see the orange stakes do
you see the orange lines just marked
where they're gonna build the house
tomorrow
we're digging tomorrow well mom and dad
you're walking through our front door
what do you think there abouts yeah I'm
so excited oh my gosh Jackson what did
you do mud and dirt oh my gosh your new
shoes oh no your new hands should we go
home and take a bath oh he's gonna have
a few videos coming out detailing all of
the stuff that we did today more so than
we did in the vlog so make sure you
subscribe to her Channel maybe here in
the next week I was going to be
ambitious and edit like I usually do at
night and get it up but seven hours of
this work shed so thank you guys so much
for watching stay tuned and don't forget
to subscribe here because we are digging
the hole tomorrow yes let's do it
side of it thanks for watching bye bye
Jackson say bye
