I just got word that I can let you in on
a little competition that we have been
having you guys may remember that Ellie
and I went over to my cousin's house who
are just now adopting a baby well they
actually just adopted the baby the baby
is a week old she's beautiful very very
cool
we need to go see her by the way you
know well the reason why we went over
there at that specific time is because
we're actually filming a video that
Cullen and Katie challenged us to do
Cullen and Katie actually challenged us
to the tides childproof challenge so
what we did is we went in to my cousin's
home in preparation for their baby we
went through and childproof their house
tide is helping parents around the world
spread awareness about keeping children
safe in the home and especially in the
laundry room with laundry packs the Tide
Pods are super convenient but it's very
important that you keep them up keep
them closed and keep them safe so Cullen
and Katie challenged us and we
challenged Bryan and Missy with the
daily bumps if you guys want to see
those videos all have it listed down
below or the screen somewhere so be sure
to check it out
good morning guys as I was getting ready
I this is probably one of the first
times that I've looked in the mirror I'm
like I could totally tell though I've
been working out my arm muscles look
really good but I woke up and I come
I've never done I completely forgot to
go to the gym like I made the
appointment and I forgot Chico and I
feel really bad that I stood the guy up
I'm sorry Derek
um but I was looking in the mirror as I
was getting ready and I'd like not even
flexing like I can totally see like I've
been working out like look at that and
then if I flex don't like it tell a
difference but most of all I can feel a
difference like I just feel so much
better when I go I'll have to go have to
remember not to forget next time I got
the kids out of the house for a little
bit we were onto some stores and I came
over to Bonnie so that Jerry could get
some work done and Jackson has been
singing happy birthday Cody did you know
it's your birthday again happy birthday
so we're all hanging out in the baby's
room and we've changed everybody but
everyone except ours Calvin keeps going
over to this little toy and he loves it
are you serious
look at these that is stunning uh look
at that one like I'm framing that in our
house like oh my goodness so we we have
enough laughing in this one we just did
family pictures so kind of we have two
counts with family pictures because of
the weather and our schedule with my
friend and but we're still gonna do
probably pictures but doin c-deck oh
that is precious so we stopped at this
little dandelion field and we took some
pictures and they turned out beautiful
so I cannot for kalvin's one year so
we'll we'll make a cute little montage
but we're gonna go over to the park cuz
we're at the canyon they have an awesome
park here
people's Donald that too this is huge
it's so big Jackson Jackson where are
you oh you're way up there are high
Jackson hi say hi he gets a big hi this
is huge
this is so cool do you want to take this
and go down the slide look hold hold the
camera and still while you go down the
slide don't touch the baton stuff look
don't touch the button not even because
of the vlog like a truthfully want to go
down that slide okay and you want to
look like you watch it will at least
take them and Jackson maybe it's just
that we're sitting here really I don't
really want good I don't worry but it's
from the very top finishes there's only
on tops you just film it go down come on
text let's go down the slide
are you coming Jackson I realize that my
knees are not young as they used to be
Oh Jackson we made it to the top we made
it
doing good at this plane ok daddy will
go down the side are you gonna come
after me okay here we go
good job buddy
you got me lay back okay this is our
routine while we drive it goes to Calvin
and Calvin give it to mama
it gives it to me and then I put it back
in here and then we recycle it over to
mama give it to mama Cal hey over here
Bing yo Jackson if you had fun playing
hide-and-seek in our house we should
play hide-and-seek in here this store is
five acres big yeah yeah
hide and wait till at closing time I'll
count ready I'll close my eyes and you
go hide okay one two four five six ready
or not here I come we are actually
looking at family tents can even that we
going camping yes yes I can't believe
that we're having a little family
reunion so we're looking at family tents
and we want a tent big enough that we
could put a pack and play in now I grew
up going camping my dad was in the Boy
Scouts for nine years he was a
Scoutmaster it's like I grew up camping
I grew up with like really nice tents
and I think this is a really nice tent
but the one that my dad had growing up
was like a really thick canvas tent it
was a really nice quality tent and very
expensive so we're looking at a few
different kinds of tent I really like
this one because there is a separate
area and I could put the
and play there and close this off so oh
so I actually really like this one this
is actually a really good price for how
much Tennant you get you know it would
be like the funnest thing ever I like
just had this idea to draw any njr
attend well yeah obviously but the
second thing is like throwing the tent
on the back of the four-wheeler and just
going camping with the boys I know I
know we have so many things you want to
do but we all have to remember that we
solve little kids this is gonna be an
intrigue aah go find Jackson this is
gonna be interesting
camping I mean it's just one night but
what or two nights do you have any
camping tips and tricks for camping with
kids let us know in the comments
but I'm stay up really late let him eat
marshmallows and s'mores and then I'm
Phil fall asleep all night right you'll
sleep all night no today was just one of
those days where it just was fun like
all day it just was an enjoyable day
on a sidenote Calvin cell on the potty
three times today Calvin Jackson Calvin
would fall right in Calvin would take a
dump
take a Smith Jackson and it's out on the
party three times today he didn't pee
once but he sat on it and that was huge
Oh progress yeah so fun day I call it a
night I'm gonna go stream a video game
you see I got it hooked up right there I
can see it right there on the video to
me and I'm gonna go to the store hey hey
you guys are watching Todd a huge huge
house day tomorrow day oh my socks 8
a.m. 6 p.m. we are doing a house inside
stuff so keep your eyes peeled for that
right
