good morning guys we have been up since
really early Jackson
runny nose like huge he's been up since
probably like 4:30 and then he's been in
my bed awake just laying there since
5:00 then he finally couldn't really lay
there much longer and so he came
downstairs but I had to transfer Calvin
from my bed into his crib and I knew he
was going to wake up because that's just
what they do that's because he all night
he needed to be held and he transferred
really well so he is sleeping now
thank goodness hopefully he stays asleep
I texted Julie she was at work last
night like 4:00 in the morning so me and
her right texting back and forth and I
loved it I loved that we were both awake
talking so we're just watching shows
eating some cookies Jackson are you
doing okay hey get another molar in he's
too busy watching Emma
so this is how it goes huh
I work and he plays so I am just
vacuuming out the chunk of our car this
is what the whole trunk looked like it
was so dirty and Jackson just thinks
then it's okay mister mister if you just
play you're pushing all sorts of buttons
Hey look at me I want to see your nose
huh that was not too bad I put this
oopsie I put this little bandana on him
too so his nose went gone a shirt has
not won gosh I don't think we've ever
talked about this before but when Jarrod
had his hip reconstructive surgery in
Utah when we were dating and he went
back to Washington where he learned how
to ReWalk um he gave this to me and we I
think we've both knew that like we were
gonna get married I just think we both
knew like we loved each other and that
we would see each other again when he
moved back just first school but he gave
this to me and I've had it in my car
ever since and when we get a new car
guess what I'm probably to rethread it
it used to be really stretchy I mean
this is years old
I'm surprised it hasn't broke yet but
that cute little story so although I
always have that in and my car but
Calvin has taken a nap and we have got a
vacuum this car out it is due for a
vacuuming next up Jax look I need your
help with this
well this one's dirtier okay camera
Johnson I am going to spray this and
your job is to scrub it you scrub it
heck oh good job okay so now we are
gonna scrub all of the mats we're gonna
rinse them off and our car is going to
be halfway clean and I've got to clean
the windows good job but in two seconds
we'll probably run over those those
skate parks that's his neighbor you're
doing awesome scrub hard really hard to
get it
of the job
and just like that we are on our way
home our trip it is over major major
success good job that he was good did
you have a good time I had an awesome
time it was it was so much fun now we
are ready to go back to our families and
see my cute little kids see all that
that is hail Jackson wants to see it
whoa
it is hailing so much so like it's
coming inside oh your dinosaur you're
right you need to bring that in good
thing it's waterproof Oh got a package -
do you want to walk out there you don't
you did two seconds ago you got your
shoes on okay go put your boots on what
was that it's thunder holy crap it pays
the travel with this guy here we have
skipped the line like five times he's
like priority and just like that cuts
the security line no big deal thanks dad
appreciate it
okay hmm
trying to go he wanted his boots and to
hear the Thunder
Calvin wants to go well Calvin's
guessing me
go out there
this little body Jackson go out look at
me
turn around what do you think no what do
you think of the rain is it called you
can jump around all you want
yes no the game was awesome the
experience was amazing the weather was
perfect I could not ask for a better
weekend although I think the best part
about it was just spending time with my
dad being with my dad and joining his
company and having a long talks and deep
conversations I think dad's not going to
cherish the most
okay we have about 30 minutes until dad
okay
Krim about 30 minutes until daddy gets
overexcited Jackson very excited Calvin
yeah 2030 when I know what it is but
like since Jackson turned to if he takes
a nap that day like he is so upset when
he wakes up like it takes so long to
make in I don't know if he's still tired
or if it's just because he's like kind
of out of the stage of taking naps or
teething I don't know but Oh Jackson
Jackson say we'll fix it we'll fix it
okay snot bubble of the year holy moly
guacamole okay we are trying to refrain
Calvin from ruining all of Jack's and
stuff so I told Jackson I'm gonna
unleash I'm gonna unleash Calvin okay I
get on nation here he goes here he goes
Oh whew there's still a few left okay
oh no you demolish it and you're happy
yes we had all the animals inside
Jackson riding his train on the outside
and Calvin do you may think you can
demolish things but I can demolish you
and pretty much I think you or pick you
up with my ass because you're so tiny
and this is what we do when daddy is
home yeah
we are just grabbing a little light
right now we are going to get the kids
he is so happy
well Mike I was like shoot we should
have got that on film but we were just
so excited to see each other and then
they kept doing it uh-huh Jackson ran
out in the stocking fee and you can see
it's like pouring down rain outside he
ran outside his stocking feet gave me a
big hug and I was just like that is like
that puts every sorrows take another
bite
what are you doing silly pants I didn't
Calvin I was happy Oh totally he gave me
like I'm so happy to him up and he put
us on me and I was happy do you know how
to play hide and seek
hey oh good do you know how to play hide
and seek so do you know how to play hide
and seek I'll take that as a yes
oh look at my hair this is a disaster
assembly why didn't you say anything
about it I think we're gonna play hide
and seek with the kids before they go to
bed we have an hour best hider wins a
prize
oh if you are the best hider you win a
prize what do you want for a prize say a
puppy a puppy oh my goodness I hope you
win Jackson I hope you win daddy's gonna
count first so Jackson Mommy and Calvin
you guys have to go hide okay so I'm
gonna start counting you go find the
hiding place k 1 2 9 10
ready or not here I come Oh Calvin I
found you where's Jackson is he in the
toy closet no pantry no there you are
where's mom let's see his mom right here
No
his mom right here whoo that's a good
idea yeah oh hi mom he is gonna go hide
and you close your eyes and count and
then you come find that can you do that
okay count to ten oh you found me
that's your pillow that's not mommy
yeah where's mommy go find mommy closet
DC mommy in here look lost
DC mommy you it's so good daddy you
didn't even see you my hiding spot
totally failed okay mom is totally a
part of the turtle club Ellie is getting
the kids all cleaned up and getting
ready for a bit get them all sucked and
cleaned and in between their toes and in
their ears nice and ready for bed and
I'm going to end the vlog it is so good
to be home and it is good to be back
here in my office ready to rock and roll
and get this video edited for your
eyeballs thank you guys so much for
watching the video thank you for all of
the wonderful well wishes while I was
with my dad making a childhood dream
come true it was so much fun and I'm
glad I could bring you guys along for
the ride
thank you guys for making all of this
possible and being a part of our daily
lives and we'll see you guys tomorrow
as we continue our adventure with Ellie
and Jared bye
