I don't know why but I just I feel so
good whenever I like raagh recipe well I
play we have to sign this there's always
there's always something there's always
something and it's just like it's
exciting it's exciting it is I can't
wait but we'll have to do only why we
have to wait for the edge there was a
miscommunication
it really isn't too big of a deal with
our situation we have so many different
guys working on our property because
there's so much to be done in the
backyard my interpretation was the
Builder was gonna have his excavator dig
the hole and they thought that my
excavator was going to dig the hole
which was true because the excavator and
the Builder talked I just it kind of
went over my head when they were talking
but and so I'm just waiting to hear back
from my excavator I talked to him on
Saturday so I should hear back from him
we just gotta make sure so sometime we
got to make sure that we can fit in his
schedule and that's the biggest thing is
that technically it could still be this
Wednesday but it's based on what his
schedule is and we're just waiting to
hear that but we are excited we are at
the final stretch of the hole we can see
where the light is and you know what
your dad said is once your holes dug
we're there seriously and the thing is
like it's been so fun it's like the
classes here if it's going so fast like
I'm having so much fun with you I love
it you ready to do this dad I am so
ready let's go do it
here we go let's do this I cannot tell
you how excited I am with the day's
activities guys I'm so excited the
excitement level is through the roof how
about you guys hmm-hmm-hmm I am so
excited
Oh mom you're the best happy mother's
day yesterday mom
Clojure thought I'm gonna meet up with
one of my really good friends I have not
seen for a really long time we're gonna
meet up with our kids and the kids have
never written in the stroller with this
configuration they fell asleep in the
car so while they're sitting there
sleeping I decided to set the stroller
up a little bit differently than I have
before so I think the kids are really
gonna like that I'll probably put
Jackson here so he can look out braking
Calvin I like that I think they'll like
like looking at each other if they don't
I'll move it but I think that will be
really fun but they're asleep so I'm
just gonna sit here and wait for like
five more minutes until they wake up
okay dad you make bad time so much fun
well this is certainly a open-concept
bathroom isn't it that's better well we
made it to Seattle and I am so excited
let me tell you real quick I'm kind of
fangirling right now because the Seattle
Mariners have been tweeting me for the
past like hour so and I am so excited
for the baseball game tonight I am so
excited little kind of definitely an
interesting hotel room but I think it'll
work okay dad just no peeking I don't
want you lifting up that shade when I'm
in the bathtub tonight's open up okay no
problem kids have been like it at
Jackson's been pushing him around we had
a little tragic accident yesterday it
locked the little elephant lasted a year
I'll have to show you guys when I'm home
but we got Calvin a new little binky
because his last of the year and you
were so sad huh it broke yes it's your
best friend this hotel room gets more
and more intriguing every time we look
around and it always happens the seem
that it's in the bathroom that it
happens the most intriguing stuff is in
this bathroom okay I'm looking at
so and I'm like how in the world do they
fill it up where is the faucet okay well
here's the handle Ted are you ready for
this I don't know it comes from the
ceiling what kind of bathtub is this
what is this place coming from the
ceiling so I met up with my friend
i'm viviane and our boys are already
over jumping so we have to take them
outside so they can look at the
waterfall hi Duncan hi Jackson have you
been playing with them yes Duncan root
across time like a little waterfall did
that cool
fiamma reminds me of so many amazing
things specifically vloggerfair and
meeting so many amazing people like you
guys and then having fun with my friends
and just enjoying the beauty of Seattle
the water the food and everything and I
wanted to ask you dad what does Seattle
remind you of it reminds me of seafood
uh-huh and it reminds me of that
tell me about that
well we have had some clients yeah yeah
there were times when I worked all night
long pulled an all-nighter pulled an
all-nighter got in the car drove all the
way to Seattle had my meetings and then
turned around and drove all all in like
a matter of all in 24 hours so I was
hoping you would remember that or say
that at least because I wanted to say
thank you for making the sacrifice to
keep a roof over our head
now we're going to the Mariners game
where sometimes they don't have a roof
over their heads of the beautiful
weather you know what else I remembered
that I forgot of when I was filming
before that one time called him like the
Seattle go well
oh my steamy goodness oh I up the
camera well look at this dad are you
ready to dive into this I'm so ready
this is so cool okay with that cookie
good it was good
oh no it's warm well yeah another one
out in a minute okay yeah it's warm
guys we have exciting news not only
today I just took it off I just broken
my apron I were my new little apron and
the kids that I made some cookies
they're really yummy fudge cookies
delicious the best news I just got off
the phone with the Builder and the
excavator and we are starting our house
on Friday
you guys know soon is exciting right oh
there we go there's a chance there's a
dancer's little dance guys we're
starting our house off Friday they're
digging the hole on Friday
how'd you get the house are you gonna
have your own room and I share with
mommy and daddy are you gonna have your
own playroom we're starting her house on
Friday
I'm so excited
you can feel the energy the grass is
green good day for baseball we are the
Mariners building I am going crazy to
the Jarrett thrilling Kremlin right now
we could tell you what that hears about
if some Mariners are down
Oh
bears that's right
I don't care if I ever get back
felix hernandez he just broke the record
for most wins as a Mariners pitcher like
we saw we saw three run homer it was
awesome we were really close to catching
a foul ball just so much fun hot dog I
got off my diet birthday this was so
awesome freakin dreams come true dream
came true that I'm so excited like look
at this this is the Mariners field this
is Safeco Field I just watched a
baseball game honestly like like a kid
in the candy so happy right now honestly
one of the most enjoyable days I have
ever had
Thank You Ellie for getting me this like
most memorable gifts ever I got this
little hoodie while we were there it was
just so much fun it was a perfect game
seriously we got so lucky going to that
specific game the weather was perfect
the situation was perfect was a big day
for Mariners history and we won so it
was awesome so I'm going to end the vlog
thank you guys so much for watching hope
you have a wonderful day
see you tomorrow
