good morning it is smoky down here yes i
ruined
what happened
Oh happy Mother's Day thank you I I
Brenda bake oh that's okay yeah you
burned the bacon
you all right why I was great I was
trying to cook on the stove but in what
India bread pan no the skillet then that
was a disaster
so I was like I'll just cooking it up in
and said so as you are airing our house
out from vacant chair night after we
went to the paint store yesterday can
you open it paint for a house and we
have some we're looking right now and we
have some cool neutrals which we really
like a snowfall for the lightest color
for our whole house or we actually were
looking at these colors it's hard to
look so my shadow but we are looking at
these colors and we both set rhinestone
at the same time we think that would be
really pretty because it's the Western
camera
well it looks almost like a little teal
yeah I think that would be pretty
flushing mom oh you did so good Wow and
he Jackson wants a turn okay legs
together reach for the stars such as
viewing this is really I did it I love
what he says that three hours stay to
our house do low bacon
okay grab your tent oh I have to get you
flowers and a card at least happy
Mother's Day you are happy it smells
like bacon thank you you're so welcome
honey to my wife love is what you give
unconditionally as a mom love is what
you share so beautifully as my wife that
is cute oh oh so much
sometimes I wish cards could do a better
job at expressing my emotions but then
again sometimes I wish I was better at
expressing my emotions especially the
feelings that I have for you I still
remember the very first time that I saw
you I knew there was something special
about you something different and I'm so
glad that we were able to meet each
other to find out exactly what that is
it didn't take long for me to fall in
love with you and it was all because of
the person that you were all the things
that you did all the things that you
said all the things that you stood for
when I was a little kid I remember
praying for my future wife that she
would be strong that she would be smart
and she would be a good mom I'm so glad
that I was praying for you I'm so glad
that we have our two little blessings
Jackson and Calvin with us and I'm so
grateful for the example that you give
them every single day
when they smile I see your smile in them
I see your eyes and our boys and because
of you they will grow to become
wonderful men I am so grateful for you
Ellie
I love you so much from the deepest part
of my heart and to the moon and back I
love you my sweet Ellie belly love Jared
oh that's so cute the daddy made you
accompany a car you're so welcome
I love it thank you
hmm the boys have prepared something
very special for just you know what it's
in this bag right here
- Jackson make me something that is so
stinking cute that is so sweet
hmm see these are little flowers and
then these are little bees now these are
their hands oh sweet and that these are
but that's a butterfly and so these are
obviously their feet in our hands and
this is their fingerprints these guys
right here those are their fingerprints
that is so cute did you make it Jackson
yeah fun your Isla uh-huh did you film
it at all yeah I did on snapchat
oh well they think I was doing like very
I didn't want people who screen shot and
then tweet you yeah so it was very
subtle but I
you can tell what we were doing so
thoughtful I this is like all I want
like I love this yeah love this thank
you what would you think to do that mom
actually had a really great idea
so that's cute mom mom smart happy
Mother's Day Ellie I just want you to
know how much I love and appreciate
thank you I love a favorite I love being
a mom like I've loved today after church
Jackson ran into nursery Calvin just sat
next to me during our other classes so
sweet like me I am so happy to be a
month this is what all I've ever wanted
like growing up but when you're in like
third grade fifth grade like what you
want to do think I wanted to be a mom
like my whole life and I'm so glad that
I am and I'm glad you are
I learned glad you are the mother to our
kids let me believe my life I am it's
it's a dream come true and and I'm I'm
glad I'm doing it with you like how how
lucky do I feel like that's the best
thank you
that's it dinner Jarret is going to make
us a little bit of lunch slash dinner
Jackson is going to send this tent and
watch a movie for quiet time and I'm
going to go put Calvin down for a nap so
you probably want to watch movie Calvin
but I'm gonna put you down for now are
you to take a nap no you're gonna have
some quiet time okay so let's go take a
nap and Jared I am very excited for an
amazing dinner for Mother's Day a
Mother's Day special dinner and I'm
about to show you what we've got this is
the first time I've done a lot of this
so I'm kind of nervous but I'm also kind
of excited is it aside of nervous we've
got shrimp
we've got steak we've got asparagus and
we've got potatoes now I've never ever
grilled shrimp before and I've never
grilled asparagus before
I am getting to the point where I'm
pretty comfortable about grilling steak
and making sure it's like the right
temperature and everything but I've
never done shrimp before so wish me luck
okay boys what you get ready for this
yes got a little hot dog on it for
Jackson huh
no the kiss the hot dogger you have a
hot dog you yeah that looks great what
I'll be asparagus very good Wow
so is it seasoned in there yeah we've
got just a little olive oil some salt
and pepper and a little garlic seasoning
stuff okay see there you go you see it
what do you think buddy mmm
look good yeah yeah you'll get a hot dog
Calvin is still napping I rested on the
couch Jackson Jarrod made dinner look
how good this is Jarrod you outdid
yourself
I think the steak is just oh I think
that looks amazing I have a potato
Jared's not yet complete potatoes looks
so amazing about this is that this is
all part of the diet like just I can eat
this with Oh what are you eating you
have a hot dog and you have watermelon
and a little bit of potato oh my oh my
goodness okay oh my goodness thank you
and thank you because you are what made
me mother
thank you Jared praise you as well I
guess I didn't have a part we'll
celebrate on on Father's Day okay these
two you're been playing with each other
you sup all afternoon guys it is
Mother's Day you took a little nap um
today was such a good Mother's Day but I
think we're going to go ahead and end
the vlog we are going to go say happy
Mother's Day to Jared's mom Jarrod's
grandma and my mom we spend the rest of
the evening together with family
celebrating Mother's how wonderful they
are
um I'm excited because tomorrow
and I are going on an adventure and it's
reading your brother cousin yes thank
you guys so much for all the Mother's
Day happy Mother's Day wishes look how
cute those two are those are ours oh I
have the sweetest and happy Mother's Day
to you guys thank you for coming along
when we were struggling thank you for
coming along with the our biggest
blessings that we could ever ask for
if you guys are struggling or if you
guys you know I'm not in the time of
lives that you are a mother yet happy
Mother's Day to your own mothers thank
you for watching we'll see you guys
tomorrow bye my - happy Mother's Day to
you see happy Mother's Day happy monos
well good job
now give our friends a kiss oh I guess
you can get mom's / give our friends a
kiss hmm what give our friends a kiss
Texan Texans our friends want a kiss
just kiss them dang it give them a kiss
mwah
