play music from the frozen soundtrack
can't we singing now Jackson came to us
and said I'm not Elsa Anna I was singing
out something on it that's what he's
doing
Calvin is asleep so we were sitting an
office seeing music together to see in
other words to this one the chorus I've
kind of just been sitting here in the
office like the video is all done and
ready to go and I'm just kind of excited
I don't want to leave because I'm
watching this this is our live
subscriber count' and we are 18
subscribers away from 700,000
subscribers and that number just blows
my mind I can't even fathom that like
it's so what an incredible blessing like
what a huge blessing and Ellie and I
tell each other every day how grateful
we are
we're just Ellie and Jared just known
each other got married family and so I'm
just kind of like watching you oh did
that turn on gets a little bad uh-huh
sorry
okay I'll just turn it down okay let's
get a smile on your face you smile don't
get mad and hit it don't hit it
okay I don't want to go and get ready
because I'm afraid I'd miss it so I'm
just like I'll just wait here I'll just
wait I'll just wait right here oh my
gosh oh my gosh you guys are so awesome
oh my goodness gracious
thank you thank you thank you thank you
you guys are so wonderful thank you
you just chillaxing there you having a
good time eating your sandwich before
Calvin Wiggs ever you literally have
been like just together I just got back
Patrick Jackson yes but we just like
hanging out upstairs like eating
snacking just having fun every day Ellie
and I are reminded how much of a
blessing that this is how grateful we
are that we get to do what we do we love
what we love every single day but it's
milestones like this that we feel all
the more reason to express our gratitude
and to say thank you for the support
that you guys give us every single day
700,000 people have enjoyed our videos
enough to click that button and get
notified every day that we have a new
video and that blows my mind like I
cannot even imagine 700,000 people so
thank you from the bottom of our hearts
we are just here at our cousin's soup
shop and Jared is getting I'm getting
the custom shirt made you guys remember
Chris my cousin here him and his dad on
the cater shop here in Logan I think
your custom shirt like they're making it
for me
well you for me and I'm I'm wondering
like is this like so like big headed to
have your like initials and/or that's
classy
what well my dad and I think that it
would look nice like your dad would Lord
he'll have his initials and his gonna
show that has come yeah I think that
would be so very normal yeah gentleman
see I'm a classy gentleman yes Jared the
gentleman so the kids fell asleep on our
way over to Bonnie's house were going
for just a little ride were to go look
at a lot that's what we do to fun
so Green Mountains it is unreal look we
have grass late last night and early
this morning we had some rain and the
mountains are just so green and it's so
gorgeous and there's like this fog and
mist on the very tips of the mountains
it's beautiful this is our backyard and
it's beautiful
spider-man vs Iron Man we're just
hanging out in the basement and these
kids are loving their masks but guess
what sone has a poopy diaper so I've got
to smell three buns to see which one has
it oh is it you did you yeah okay it is
that time that we need to go to the
paint store to pick out some paint for
the outside of our house so I am going
to wear you I'm gonna put you in this
roller and and you I will grab your
wallet I will grab Jared's wallet and
then when we're all done um there's this
really cute little prison fry I think as
well it's called pizza fried place down
the road that maybe we'll go get a
little Saturday night snack over there
Jackson what color do you think we
should get for our house paint pink no
he said paint hey um would it be funny
if we put our art cut the color of our
house like that color would that be
totally silly it would be an outrageous
we're just looking at colors here and
I'm looking at kind of like these
blueish Gray's I like the serious gray
yeah and I'm the more I look at I wonder
but but then you look at like I mean
these are really dark
maybe dust blue I don't know for our
overall house
I imagine that will be like that like on
the inside yeah lazy gray like very
light there was a comment and I totally
know this there's there's something that
you have to think about is the color the
mood puts you in the mood the color puts
you in take that
wind it back like a bloom it calms you
down a yellow gives you energy a red
makes you angry or something like that
there's some mood correlation with very
light and bright we're not gonna do like
a black wall oh yeah exactly our windows
like are really big and there's a lot of
them so I really like the natural thing
that we're going to get and that coupled
with light colors makes for a happy
house
I'm totally reminded of my diet and I'm
grateful for cheat days there's one day
a week where you get to eat like
whatever you want because this
infraction but I actually am enjoying
this diet quite a bit I've already lost
more than three pounds and that's
weighing myself after I had like a big
meal for Craiglist so I feel good that's
it's it's working I'm enjoying it I get
a cheat day because that's yeah yeah I
do don't worry
people that are not parents may not
understand this but if you're a parent
and you don't understand this then
you're crazy parent I love doing this
feeding them feeding them what's in my
mouth take a bite I remember I remember
losing laughing I would just all the
time to Jackson well I definitely think
we are making some progress today the
kids just took a bath and before Jackson
hopped in the bath he actually wanted to
get on the toilet so he'd say oh did you
really well okay so there was a little
persuasion but he didn't fight it he
didn't say no he wanted to get up on the
toilet so that's a good sign for us he's
showing interest for a little potty
training Jackson did you sit on the
potty today yeah did you like it are you
gonna go potty in the toilet no okay
that's he he's being honest he's
definitely being honest I think we're
gonna get a little porta potty not a
part of party what am I thinking a
toilet seeing it and that's the question
is do you get a seat that goes on the
toilet or do you get the one that goes
on the side there I have my answer see
you guys are just so honest and direct
and I love it
you guys are great so we're just
wrapping up our night with the kids were
playing a little game Jackson that loves
this game and I know Calvin is the
batter party
second player has come into the game
yeah see that's the third challenge as
you've got to avoid the big monster baby
who comes in he's like he's like Moby
Dick coming in destroy your ship careful
uh-huh okay balance it so tomorrow is
Mother's Day are you excited
early get the kids down so that jarrod
night can watch a movie and you can edit
before we watch the movie that way we
could night all right yeah I think
that's a great idea so thank you guys so
much for watching the video we hope you
have a wonderful weekend and a
happy Mother's Day to all of you can you
say bye-bye
did you do that that's so good okay say
let's say bye to our friends
