good morning boys how are you today
pretty good I guess
good morning guys we just had a mazing
delicious nutritious breakfast didn't we
Jackson and mom is at the gym and so I'm
looking around here at the living room
and I'm looking at all this we got the
boys ready we got their breakfast done
they're all dressed and ready to go but
our living room is a mess Jackson what
do you say we do some cleanup class yeah
clean up the cars say cleanup yeah
Calvin you think you can help me clean
up a little bit before mom gets home
from the gym do you think you can do
that for me yeah all right we've got
both boys on board let's do it you say
hi yeah you say hi yeah there this I saw
it good job Jackson okay here we go
three two one there we go looks really
good boys you did a good job Jackson you
good you did a good job Calvin are you
so happy now can't give me a thumbs up
no can you give me a thumbs up well oh
my goodness did you hear that did you
hear that boys that Thunder just shook
the house it is like windy like crazy
and it is a thunderstorm there's no rain
that must have been right over us that
was insane oh my goodness it's just
totally knocked over our garbage can oh
my god I can't pick it up it's too windy
that lightning was so close was it crazy
listen Calvin did you hear that what
does it sound like is that what it
sounded like that what Thunder sounds
like Jackson are you in there
will you open the door please
I think you've got some splainin to do
young man thank God
that's right I think you know exactly
what you did we have a little
troublemaker on our hands yes that's
right Jackson is a troublemaker I'm
about to show you what he did I cannot
believe this would you look at all of
that would you look at all of this oh my
gosh oh my goodness
Jackson was playing with revolution'
makeup revolution London the matte blush
and got it all over Ellie's nice dress
and her chair and all over his pants
Jackson what do you have to say for
yourself about this oh yeah it's a mess
that's right did you make this mess yeah
do you have anything to say to me baby
oh yeah don't put the blame on him he
had nothing to do with it he was taking
a nap and you know this hmm
can you say I'm sorry dad Oh dag say I'm
sorry mom mm thank you for saying that
apology accepted now we're gonna have to
get that dress dry-cleaned which
actually is okay because I need to get
my suit dry-cleaned so maybe this is
like this is pushing us to get our stuff
dry-cleaned
Jackson maybe we should be thanking you
Thank You Jackson high-five hi Lee
how are you looking snazzy the Harold's
twirling Lunas it does looks voluminous
and healthy and it looks so good and and
tucked under it looks great it looks so
good
Ellie took mom and they got their hair
done a little Mother's Day gift that's
fun
honey your hair looks great the world
it's right
also Jackson what white wants a white
one oh you want white M&M Jackson just
woke up from his nap and Jared and I had
been sitting here writing a grocery list
getting some things that we want for
food this week and we are going through
our fridge seeing what else we have left
so I think tomorrow George Packer to
make something like they can and tonight
we had tons of bell peppers in here that
we need to eat up and so Jared said
we're go to the store where we get some
chicken make a stir fry tonight and then
we have a list and then tomorrow we're
cheating for Jared so we're going to do
something fun for Sunday today say cheat
day and I'm proud of Jackson like I know
I oppressing us a lot but this is just
what I love about him right now is like
he is doing so much better with food
like I'm able to compromise it's like
Kate you eat your lunch and you do and
eat all your feet up taking up when you
wake up you can have a snack and he's
like okay no work done I love it you
know I wish they had what I wish and
this may exist because it's the year
2016 and I just don't know about it I
wish there our refrigerator was smart
enough to tell what was inside of it he
said white please and tell us what we
can make based on the ingredients that
were in the fridge like the fridge knows
well they have websites that you can
type in again what food you have I don't
want to go to the website I want the
refrigerator to do it for me okay the
point of the technology isn't that fun
would that be fun I think that it's
amazing what there is out there
but you don't want to get too lazy
but I want more free oh come here come
here
yeah you do luck sit down yeah yeah you
didn't break it it it it does that
that's how you pull it open so pull on
and it will open up it it didn't break
there just pull it you're okay grab it
and rip it down ah perfect
Oh perfect still a little that's okay
look now you can pick them up don't
don't be sad Jackson's eating some
little fruit whatever those are they
looks like fruit snacks
it's that better you thought you broke
it
got some smell on your face go wipe it
off what moms do Mike on your shirt yeah
that's what I just did that's what we do
when you got some TV noses around here
oh you know watch Cody are you well I
think we're going to grocery store and
maybe later became my god
oh my gosh so he's been saying that way
oh my gosh my goodness
see oh my goodness I locally okay take
this go sit down
so we're heading to the grocery store
there is a church Jackson hey we're
going to the grocery store and Jenica
just text me was like went over every
Monica and I was like actually Gerald
roughest other than the worm while he
goes grocery shopping if you don't mind
no not at all I think that's a lot of
fun like Mike oh I can go grocery
shopping about the kids enjoy a book
what we're Cubs come be actually like to
go grocery shopping as a family we think
it's really fun so we take our time and
jack supposed to stuff in the car but
when we get there Jackson's gonna know
where we're at so I'm gonna see if he
says where are we drunk oh please Noah
uncle Pig know what okay
are you being silly Hey
don't go put and go put it in the
machine
it's don't really fashioning here like
watching Jack sitting Roman watch i know
wa and de baby and Oh gross and this was
just a like a few months ago and it's
crazy how big common is that huh big
Jackson is because it's like this was
about the ages that my two were and I
feel like there's such a huge difference
between two inch and a half and you know
a newborn in just a few months later
you're picking your nose or he's still
scared of Jared
but anyway it's fun sitting here looking
at the babies and it's crazy how fast
life changes in a few months it's crazy
well I am proud of Jackson he has eaten
all this bell peppers give Alina made
chicken to eat Oh Calvin I'm sorry I'm
sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry
you got some chicken and some cooked
bell peppers and I put my chicken in a
little tortilla and Jared you're just
gonna eat chicken I'm Walter Janice
tortilla less chicken and bell peppers
please oh did you make a mess let's see
let's see oh it's okay it'll dry not
look so good I'm a mouthful fig I look
so good
I'm I'm so glad we prepared this week of
food it's all about preparation
good job Jackson high five that was the
best singing I've ever everybody using
mine I thought it was amazing call up
Carnegie Hall because you're gonna be
singing there young man yeah I was
twinkle little star I know you sing it
so well
Friday night editing party is what I'm
doing right now guys thank you so much
for watching the video we hope you have
a wonderful weekend and make it awesome
do something fun and exciting let me
know what you do in the comments below
thanks again guys I will see you
tomorrow bye
