what made you even think to say that
well I just can tell the difference you
really can yeah I sir I had the most
observe that hose whatever I was like
hey I think I'm gonna run to the store
Jack's real quick and Jerry could you
look really pretty today
did you change your part and I did a
little bit I think you're pretty cute
you're crazy I'm crazy fun
I asked you to put his boots on and you
know what fellow work doesn't work
they're a little they're a little off
but I think that'll work yes
two-year-old insist on doing it
themselves and so you know what you
should I just plan if I leave I'm like
I'll just try and leave five minutes
early because that's about how long it
takes for Jackson to get in the seat so
Jackson climbs in and then he gets
really mad if I Buckland so I usually
help him a little bit and then he'll
buckle that's the right way I'll push it
good job we are just finishing up some
lunch and Jackson just sat down to eat
his and he was taking this this and
putting the beans down and like watching
him roll down and she wasn't eating so I
said ke a few more bites please and then
he can take this and continue to play
with the beans but I just I love the
stage like I'm able to like have a
conversation with him and compromise
know take a few more bites and he's good
to eat just a few more bites and then
he'll play with the black beans but it's
like okay take one more bite yeah one
more bite and then you can play oh good
job oh good job see now I can take the
rest of the means that you prior to eat
and play good job how are you can't if
you got a binky in your hand let go let
go how is your she has some avocado and
some beans and cheese that's a trillion
down all right we're here in the toy
closet what are we playing today boys
all aboard
are we playing with the train tracks oh
stop eating mini mouths that's not very
nice good night a Minnie Mouse that's so
silly oh you do you like to eat Minnie
say yeah woody we're just playing here
in the toy closet having a lot of fun
before we go scope out some places to
take pictures do you like playing with
the tractor
oh is it backwards no beep-beep oh no I
dropped it let's see if we can pick up
this cow here you go a special delivery
just for Jackson that's a cow I'm doing
it are you ready to have fun today boys
should we go have some fun oh let's go
to the park we're gonna go look at some
places are we ready to go let's go mom
are you ready let's go
wake up
you're awake sleep I bet you're gonna be
asleep of two minutes yep
mom is always right two minutes so we're
up here in the canyon looking for places
to take really really great pictures and
I am just so amazed by the beauty that
is all surrounding me I brought the
drone so I think we're gonna take it for
a quick spin
coming in for the landing with just a
couple percent left of battery
good job leave me alone I'm speaking ah
so it looks like he's saying he's just
like get away from me I just drive is
really gallant about that do you want us
to turn right okay
but then I just woke up and said to her
she should we turn right Jackson
so I've talked about before that I got
my eyelashes done way before well about
the time I was having Jackson and I did
like him I got him off and then Bonnie
had gotten her is done so I got mine
done again just to see what I thought
but I had gone to a different lady it's
a really really good friend she does our
eyelashes in our hair and so I had her
do him and I was go see what I thought
if I was gonna continue to keep him on
and I really loved him today all I'm
wearing is like a Lemay's CC cream
that's all I'm wearing maybe a little
lipstick like no eyebrows no eyeshadow
and I feel like I'm pretty put together
and so that's one of the main reasons as
I'm going to keep them on for the summer
especially is because I'm not really
wanting to get tons of ready all the
time so I'm here and she's gonna do him
and they look really natural and she's
just gonna fill them in and make me look
even more beautiful like foxy oh my eye
so I'm here in my mom and dad's house
and I was feeding Calvin in the hammock
and Jackson came and jumped on with me
and that was totally fine we're having a
good time
and he reached back to readjust or
something and his fingernails stabbed my
actual eyeball and I'm afraid to look
and see what happened but I can feel
like like something happened and I'm
kind of scared to see but let's see if I
can
I like stab me I don't know but I can
see is there a tear in my contact that
really are can you see anything in my
eye
well I can see it you heard it it's you
got red is it on like the inside or the
outside of my eye like right there
there's a big red mark oh so like I was
on the outside of the white oh the white
part of my eye but not yeah yeah not
there not the skin yeah not this game
eyeball itself it's been damaged it's
just a little blurry oh that hurt
well you probably should lay down and
close your eyes for a while and to make
matters worse I put a little hole in the
hammock
No darn it darn it darn it is right is
that why you like going to Grandma's
house because you get cookies yeah he
gets cookies and gets to stab me in the
eyeball that's why he likes grandmas so
much okay good chocolate chip good you
being a good boy young man that's a good
smile
my friends and I think we're gonna scare
us James never met I never liked these
guys in my entire life I'm gonna scare
them we met through social media and
he's a kickboxer so and this pop right
here has a hint of liquorice in it are
you gonna get it and I'm gonna get it
good this is one of the reasons why I
think it is so fun like social media and
YouTube is like this is how we met our
friends I bet I've done it before you
guys know that I went over to Ashley's
house and hung out with her and almost
ran into her thank goodness you're home
but it's just it was fun to catch up
next time we hang out we'll have to get
all of our boys together and go hang out
in their pool cuz they heated it and
that sounds amazing so yeah anyway love
social media because brings people
together if you're Captain America who
does that make me I don't know his name
bingo no what's his name Bucky Bucky
Bucky I don't like good things like that
I'll take that for sure Joel and I are
gonna go see Captain America tonight and
I'm so excited you ready to rock and
roll date forever it's a mandate or
going on a man oh my gosh Joel I feel
like an idiot
I'm so sorry I'm so sorry
please there you go mother raised you
better dude too
I was later so what you think I'm going
back freaking amazing I was smiling from
ear to ear the whole time go see Captain
America it's so good yeah tons of humor
tons of awesome action like the first
clip was like so cool okay alright we're
ending the vlog right now thanks for
watching bye
