Jackson are you ready to learn how to
ride a bike you're using Cody's bike
here and we're going to learn how to
ride a bike okay so these things right
here those are called pedals and you
push those pedals with your feet and
that uses the chain to pull turn the
wheel and you go forward okay can you do
that q flat yeah and then you'll go too
fast and you like going too fast huh
it's bright and early kids are still in
bed are you guys ready we're gonna go
work out
oh you found it
Kage won't erase it do you ever get
nervous when you have a dentist
appointment I don't know if I get
nervous I always think about what I've
done in the past and I always think to
myself like crap
how many months ago did I last floss my
teeth no I remember it was today no no
no that was just a joke it's just food
coding I thought it'd be funny I have a
dentist appointment today and I'm not
nervous I am excited to see though
because last appointment I had switched
to a Sonicare toothbrush and they said
we're gonna make a note of that and see
like what changes have been made from
your last appointment to this
appointment because uh before that I
just use a manual toothbrush so I'm
excited to see what the Sonicare
toothbrush was like and how the dead
just thought about it what are you doing
are you watching the train tracks Wow
Yahoo what does it choo choo what does a
train say oh boy ah the board so Ellie
is at the dentist right now getting her
teeth taken care of and my appointment
is right after so we're gonna do a
little swap a roo here in a minute when
she gets back but from now you guys may
remember from Jackson's birthday we had
those little sand boxes with dinos and
other stuff that they could dig up and
everything well most of the sand should
be in here but some of it
aka a lot of it has congregated right
here so I'm going to clean that up until
Ellie gets here
two L's later now that we're done with
the dentist appointments I thought we
would get a little wrap up on that so
Ellie tell me how yours went he said
that my teeth look great
oh good except like ten cavities last
time so they look great so you what do
you have any cavities this time do you
do you want to know the truth yeah
German insight yeah absolutely you don't
have any of course you don't I have one
cat yeah yes I do and I have to go get a
film it's way back here I just want to
look at your teeth Sam really looked
down for a while ha I can tell it's lost
um so what they said is like they're
like you have one coming on it's so
small he's like I'd rather just fill it
then wait for it to happen so he's like
this is more preventative than anything
else but this is honestly one of the
first cavities I've had in a long time
so did I no no no because what I at
least I don't think so I think what
happened was what my filling was coming
out Oh any of my tooth was really
sensitive yeah it was okay it was good
they said because I was using the
Sonicare toothbrush that my gums look a
lot better so that's good they said they
saw a lot of improvement yeah um now
we're about to have lunch and I'm making
my first full day on the slow carb diet
we are going to be having turkey taco
something turkey taco rose yep so it's
instead of ground beef it's Turkey and
you roll it up and lettuce and you have
like corn and beans and solve awesome so
it sounds pretty good I don't care what
we eat of it and there you have it what
do you think I actually think it looks
pretty and good you see the lettuce I
choked on a big feast sighs rats chewed
up as much
I'll just have this glass of water I'm
full name that movie I'd really good
yeah I'm excited just kind of like roll
it up and eat it we talk about shoes oh
my gosh shoot let's get some good shoes
I have to just so we're talking about I
have to show you these they got these
are my favorite pair of flip-flops these
rainbows I've had these for what six
years yeah right after we got married he
got him you've worn them dad worn I'm
like thin like that's where my toe goes
and it's just like you don't even see
the the bottom anymore and then the
heels all worn through I've had these
for like six years and they've traveled
so far with me yeah and like look at all
those cracks is that crazy
yes so I think it's time to retire these
ones and get some new ones what oh and
oh my gosh they look so good crazy huh
yeah and they look kids fell asleep in
the car so Jer and I are driving around
looking up the canyon of where we would
take down the pictures
kind of scoping some areas out and this
is beautiful Wow cute look over here let
kal look look a look over here look over
here look over here look over here I
want I want to show them your hair here
you go look over here
okay look at Calvin's hair we need to go
in the Sun holy cow
okay look at Calvin's hair can you see
it it is red like orange like blonde and
orange there is holy cow kid look at
that hair look at ya we went and scoped
out some areas because we're going to be
doing family pictures this weekend yes
and you are on Cody's four-wheeler
Cody's gonna be home in just a minute we
just got here we're going to do dinner
tonight so we decided to come a little
early and hang out I think we found a
spot for pictures and Calvin has red
hair so my brother Matt and his wife
Emily just had their baby and Matt is
trying to face on me right now and for
some reason the internet is not working
we can FaceTime is driving me crazy I
just want to see the little cute little
guy we got to make this work yes it
works oh my goodness hi baby
oh I don't think he likes me very much
oh I think he looks so different I felt
like the other boys look so similar I
act like he has a completely different
look he's stinking cute Jackson's been
very frustrated with this bike because
it's not quite strong enough to push the
pedals so usually he gets the little red
one and pushes but Jared's been working
with them for the last little bit and
he's kind of get in there there you go
keep going forward keep going forward
good you're doing
she's like stared at the ground checks
and look up look forward look at moma
look forward yeah I try and push it go
get back on us Annette see I'm like
barely doing anything I'm just kind of
giving a little push on his foot when ya
sound at the bottom
push push push push push big deep song
dig deep
okay you have to start on top of the
slide uh-huh and I count with my eye
close to four okay you have to get
behind something to hide so when I open
my eyes if I see you you got to start
back over uh-huh you're trying to get to
the brick here oh my god and Cody just
keeps going from the side to the brick
so have Olivia obstacles ready
obstacles are you ready gladiators are
you ready hey oh you better hurry Jade
you're gonna lose one two three four
did you make it go D just get it down
there so fast
okay Cody's first Cody good job that
took all day good job Cody Oh
Cody's out guys why are you so cute out
here oh you scare me
is she scaring you not that is not Oreo
ice cream that is dirt I am I think I'm
gonna take the gift okay it's great
Jackson have you been DN dirt you've
Aeneid dirt don't eat dirt
stick your tongue out see ya yeah I
think our boys are happy they have ice
cream
I happy all you guys Scott takes you I'm
happy I have ice cream that's all
because I ate my dinner I didn't need my
I didn't need my dinner so I don't get
in the ice cream no Jared Jared skipping
out on the ice cream tonight but Jackson
ate all this dinner and then we all
thought let's all go get ice cream so
fun to walk here I know I know
ah the kids are in bed do you know what
that means
Oh God up corn time we are just sitting
down and watch a couple shows to relax
before the night comes to a close and I
told Jared I'm literally falling asleep
as I'm sitting like I don't think I
honest it is from Mike working out just
like I haven't done it blue Hanks you
had a big work day and we played a big
day so I'm like I'm gonna watch a show
I'm gonna we worked hard
well you worked hard we played hard and
we had a great day and we want to thank
you for joining us and we hope you have
a wonderful day and as always we will
see you tomorrow I'm watching nan woman
on mic Boyka
