all righty we officially officially up
good news
good morning guys sorry buddy Missy got
a plunger real quick I'm watching their
house video and I am practicing to make
a cake so Calvin's birthday is at the
end of the month and what I love about
the kids is birthdays is I feel like it
gives me an excuse to make some sort of
treat or dessert and kind of like
stretch my abilities like I've never
made fondant before but I want to try
and make it and so it sounds kind of fun
to me but I want to make a turtle cake
but I have to practice at least once to
see if I can even do it and so I just
got done making my buttercream and for
probably the last six or seven times
I've used my little um hand mixer it
sounded really like shaky I'm like I
wonder what's going on it totally just
broke or maybe it did maybe I could put
it back but anyway it looks like it
broke I don't know I'll see but anyway
we maybe get meeting to go get a new
hand mixer today and this is why if you
ever do something new you always
practice it my kitchen is a disaster
yeah I ruined a cake I was a little
overzealous a little excited because my
cream fondant was already made my cream
was made cream what does the icing was
made and then my fondant is made look
how yummy that looks it looks so good
and then I got overzealous and took the
cake out to flip over walls to arms so
another cake it is another 30 minutes I
wait what in the world are you doing in
my house how did you even get here and
why are you on top of that car and why
it's Calvin inside and why is Jackson's
helmet on backwards there's so many
questions that we don't have the answers
today Ellie has made three cakes and
bless her freaking heart I'm going
southern on you Ellie she finally got it
he has marbled feet oh is that what the
food coloring pours is like for
marbleization I don't know I just have
Ellie's made three cakes trying to get
this turtle cake to work and we just
rolled out some fondant and we got it on
the cake and like honestly I think you
did such an amazing job this is your
first time ever doing anything
crackling on purpose it's just like I'm
just the kids were asleep and now
they're not and so I'm just like trying
to write so we've been talking with the
bank a little bit and things are going
smooth and forward with everything and
so that means we're gonna be starting to
dig really soon
next week I think I'm hoping for next
week right after we get back from right
after me and dad get back from Seattle
what that means is we only have a little
bit of time before the entire landscape
changes so I have been charging the
drone batteries and we're gonna take
this bad boy to the property a little
bit later today so we can get some cool
shots if you guys didn't know on Ellie's
YouTube channel we have been doing like
a couple house update videos and we're
planning on doing this the entire
process so you guys get like a behind
the scenes of what it's like building a
house at least from our perspective and
how we're doing it so I'm very excited
to see from start to finish how this all
works out and it's just it's fun it's
cool I love these videos I love doing
this I love what we're doing I love it
the head
oh my turtle Ellie I think this gives us
free admission to the turtle club you
might not totally enough for the turtle
club that looks so good all right boys
we're here at the park are you ready to
have some fun yeah are you ready to rock
and roll let's go to the park enough
some friend go go go go go go
I try again so we just came from our
property and I'm sitting under this
beautiful tree with my boy Calvin in my
sweet wife Ellie I can't help but think
like how fun is it gonna be when we have
a tree like this it's gonna take years
it's gonna take hard work sweat get in
our yard already but like I'm so happy
that I'm doing it with you it'll be fun
to like think about it every year me
like okay next year we'll have a little
bud next year we'll have a little you
know yeah
it'll be so much fun I just I'm so
excited for this whole process it's like
the house that we're building is gonna
grow with us together you know steep
think about the house the house is
growing with us because we're growing in
our marriage family motivational Steve
here talking about growing like your
family growing trees growing family he's
eating a stick that stick good
there's no stick I'm smarter we have
some amazing news daddy just met into
the bank and guess what it's official
it's officially official it's been
official for a long time but it's
finally official because it's official
we are going to go get a little
chocolate in a dream you're right what
all right we officially officially have
good news
we are closing on our lot not even our a
lot we're closing on look it can stretch
we can there's so many different things
that you close oh I missed sis this
right here is between the Builder and
the bank in it and it's finally
happening so we could build a start
building on Monday
Jared has gained these going on Monday
and Tuesday so we could start whenever
the Builder says he can't whether it's
Wednesday or Friday or whatever well the
bank was telling me he said your Builder
is chomping at the bit to get going so
I'm I'm guessing we'll start Wednesday
Wednesday
are you excited what did we get - again
we gotta Oreo ice cream Jerris plug the
clothes we are celebrating we're totally
ready
we're always celebrating any excuse to
celebrate especially this this is
exciting
check ck say we're celebrating she's
over there waiting up for the plastic oh
my gosh it's like crazy that baseline
notoriously slow it's fine
I'm just got eyes for you
no father couldn't change me darling
like you do I've just got eyes for you I
have just got eyes an amazing live
stream with Tim and Danish Moyer oh you
can't hear them because I have the
headphones I didn't think about that
yeah I don't have speakers for this
setup but they're saying I so if you
guys want to see the live stream I'll
have a link to their channel down below
and the live stream so you guys can see
what we talked about just parent and Q&A
aunty there's a lot of fun thank you so
much for having us if you want to do
some like sign language or something
that way tomorrow is May 4th and for
those of you who do not know May 4th is
Star Wars day may the 4th be with you
and I filmed the video with geekify guys
and I'm about to show Mom and Dad some
clips from it and I want to see your
reaction because I haven't seen the
edits yet but I hear it's really funny
ok are you guys ready to see this you
ready oh you're ready - ok let's watch
it ok ready
you ready for this yeah
like that's me
if you guys want to see what they're
laughing about and grimacing and pain
about I'll have a link to it down below
we made a very special star wars-themed
geekify guys video and I think it's
awesome I think it's so cool what do you
guys think there's there's there's more
- I'm about to show him right now but
you have to go out to video to see it
the whole house is quiet everyone is
asleep and I am here to end the night
with you guys big special news my
brother Matt and his wife Emily are at
the hospital right now having a baby
probably when we're sleeping you will
have the baby congratulations Matt and
Emily I hope baby Ethan is healthy and
strong and awesome just like you and
your sweet boys are if you guys want to
see them I'll have a link to their
channel down below as well thank you
guys so much for watching the video I
hope you have a wonderful day and a
great week and we'll see you tomorrow
bye
