good morning guys today is a huge day
okay good morning guys
today is a huge day we are picking out
our kitchen today so Jackson has been
watching eating and eating a little
while I've been making a little peanut
butter coconut energy balls and usually
I'd just little mini chocolate chips but
today I decided to spice it up and have
a little bit of candy M&Ms to it so just
a little mini M&Ms
so Jackson's gonna go to a friend's
house and he has a bag of little treats
and his little bag that's on you for the
day
he's even excited some friends while we
go figure out what kind of kitchen we're
gonna have don't put your book back on
okay
oh other one perfect
here you go
good you look so cute yeah I'll come
doll my hand okay I dropped him off and
he does what he usually does mama mama
like he wanted he didn't want me to like
leave so I walked in and I hung out for
a minute and then two seconds later he
was like lining up the stairs with the
kids playing with the dog so oh I think
he's gonna be happy while we go and pick
out our kitchen I think we're gonna go
pick up mom
oh let's pick up grandma yep it's
kitchen it's it's it's coaching so we're
just gonna spit out the word yo yo yo yo
yo yo its kitchen its kitchen time le
why are you so nervous
tell me why butterflies my stomach
are you excited because this is gonna be
our kitchen yeah I'm kind of excited -
I'm excited to see what like their
showroom is like and all the different
options because you know what you want
in your head but when you actually see
stuff it totally changes everything
something I'm really excited I'm buddy
are you excited should we go look at her
kitchen you gotta come with that we had
a whole fam family hi Andrea our
designer and then mom grandma Calvin so
we talked too much yes do sit down and
have a discussion what I would do is
keep this as one tall upper yeah but I'd
take the door and I put this little
horizontal split this little divide and
then put glass in the upper section
jared is taking a picture of the hood
options that we have we have this clean
square hood or this more softer and he's
gonna tempered yeah he's here on Twitter
and you guys are gonna vote which one we
should do mom what do you think I always
like mom's opinion mm-hmm I like I like
this one because it's very clean and
straight yeah yeah like Andrea says a
little more masculine a little more
muscular who cooks more I am pleasantly
surprised with how fun I'm having is
that weird I'm so excited that we're
doing this we're
things were combining ideas and it's
just been a lot of fun we've gone
through like the cabinets and picked out
what we want we've done colors for
cabinets and now we're going through
countertops in like the kitchen and they
just have a bunch of like different
colors that you can see here so we're
gonna go through and choose some colors
for our main idea because things can
change as you go on a little bit further
so that's just fun
that's exciting I'm I'm on content this
is the funnest thing that's so fun
both moms are here they're like tag-team
and Calvin and but they're having fun
she like helping us pick out stuff it's
just been very informative very fun well
I like that everyone has like a little
tidbit of advice together you know this
might be good here with these cats but
no one's been overbearing Calvin has
been a little bit over he has an opinion
about everything don't you you have an
opinion about everything you're all
about the euro cabinets not the
traditional aren't you he's not talking
to me anymore
he's upset that I told him that about
that this granite right here it would
look so cool in my office it would be
like this black like Batman granite
that's the granite Batman would have I
like that probably the favorite I love
the purple oh you know it's this one
does Oh does it the purple the little
purples
yeah oh my gosh that's pretty good I
think I could find one yeah you're
throwing in some pink hair Ali wants a
pink sink I think that's beautiful I
thought today was so fun and I think it
was so fun because of both mom mamas
were here it was so fun seeing them
because it was fun for them to like help
pick out stuff look this up as well but
they were passing Calvin back afar to
each other so when we come in oh yeah I
was
kind of cute but today was fun one get a
house food we came to a new place cute
puppies I don't know yeah the the
capitalization so it's like hug has we
made a quick little pit stop at Grandma
greats house and Calvin found his home
territory his long-lost brother look
Calvin he was playing with his rocks and
his a little long-lost brother the
turtle he liked that little turtle how
are you doing grandma okay I'm alone oh
good good did you miss me hey Jackson
ran out the door he's gonna go meet up
with dad we missed him I gonna run down
the street you know Jackson we had a lot
of fun but we sure missed ya he ran
right up that was cute give me a kiss
did you find would you do
did you play games do you paint the
doggy oh yeah we're just dropping mom
off at her house and we picked up the
mail real quick and I noticed something
in the mail and I want to show you what
I go would you look at this it was a
frog dr. pepper my friends a dr. pepper
look at that that's so fun thanks dr.
pepper I'm assuming this is for my
birthday thank you very much for helping
celebrate my birthday I'm gonna go put
this shirt in my closet and I'm gonna
wear it when I drink a dr. pepper I go
inside for one minute Jackson's asleep
that leaves asleep and Calvin's asleep
oh what a cute little family I have it's
been such a beautiful day today we
thought we would take the kids to the
park and just play and have some fun
come on go swing okay let's go
yeah you guys you got it
take some training young man you'll get
there someday
oh he's improvising he's pregnant
fighting
so I'm kind of nervous kind of excited
this is my very first meal on the
quote-unquote slow carb diet and it's
just some skinless chicken some lentils
and water and normally what I would do
is probably have like another vegetable
like carrots or broccoli or green beans
or peas or something like that but I
just forgot some salad hi oh did you get
a popsicle cuz you ate all your dinner
yeah that's a good boy what are you
doing you want to say bye-bye to Calvin
oh love you okay let's go lay on your
bed what'd you do it import and edit
this okay guys we are working tonight
and we are going to call it a night so
thank you so much for watching
Oh guys our new summer merch is still
available I'll have a link to it down
below have a wonderful night make it a
great week and we will see you tomorrow
