this is what it looks like at three four
I don't know what time it is in the
afternoon where we try and rest after
church but that kids don't let uh I
never ever like lay down no but I just
had to and make it less of food did you
rest at all fifteen minutes man Russell
I think we made it through like one blog
on video
Dobie Dobie
we have a birthday month this week guys
oh this birthday month this week is this
birthday life
it's a birthday month as mother you can
start walking okay
it's Calvin's birthday yet and look at
like goodies cruising like Jackson would
never do this city year old so we'll see
yes lucky let's give you off anytime
soon I think mom is trying to Train
Jackson to give her back massages are
you having Jackson walk on your back for
like a massage Kelly that's part of the
process you can't have yeah you can't
have complete bliss you have to have
some torture if I got kids you better
yeah rub my back right track okay he's
vicious Tracy are you making train jacks
I want a back rub
and you guys crawl all over me so crawl
on my belly
yes pinky dukey's can you walk on my
back
walk on mom's back Jackson my back this
is what grandpa used to make me do
that's what I can make you do as well
call me back
there you go there you go now walk on
her back here you want me to do it I'll
crush you like a little bug Ellie I'm
gonna break you okay here I go
what no Laurie happened oh dear that Bob
okay yeah I feel good I need you to be
hard
this kid is like a professional stair
climber now he we haven't shown it how
long has he been doing this but
two three weeks now he's just been
climbing up the stairs doesn't even care
what's going on down here he's just like
I'm just gonna keep going I'm just gonna
keep moving around
oh what's that are you filming me huh so
what's going on okay well I'm just gonna
continue climbing up these stairs
showing how good I am at climbing these
stairs
yeah it's nobody's business I'm just go
I'm just climbing just having a good
time all by myself
daddy's right behind me so I'm good push
crazy we're talking about that it's
Calvin's birthday at the end of the
month and then it's about the mailman's
birthday Boston birthday and Kate's
birthday on the same day if you saw
Harbor thing I forgot wait until you see
these three rock it out I cannot even
believe it birthday I don't know I'll
tell you I'll make a little turtle cake
turtle cake hey hey this kid is so hot
we have to he is on me I need to go
funny does in a boxer sad just go on
you're dying Church but yeah I said that
in church they wouldn't go to nursery
yeah today he was like I have to wipe my
hands in the bathroom and I'm like why
do you have to do that I can I need to
go potty and and then I was like do you
want to play nursery yes it's like you
know he was saying that like full
sentence like my hand bathroom he wants
to do that so he can get out of the
first meeting and go play with his
friends at nursery it's the funnest
thing you say things to get out of stuff
now like he's that smart but when we
actually take a potty cuz he says potty
like ah cousin or sauna like no way I'm
not going potty you gotta be out of your
mind oh my goodness yeah
Calvin white III go go we was taking a
sec ok ready 1 2 3 ha ha ha ha did you
hear that
like a little whoopee Christian coming
ready no Santa okay baby come here yeah
he did it for me earlier come on
audience oh he just wants to play
I will walk on my own terms
whoo faceplant hey you're gonna walk you
gotta learn to take the Falls horse in
my toe like ah let's see it if those
tooth tells it yeah they look like
they're stuck together what story should
we read tonight okay
little blue truck okay now before before
we read so I were video chatting with
Grandma and Grandpa right now because I
want to show Grandma and Grandpa what
Jackson just did getting out of the
bathtub okay are you ready to show them
should we sing him a song yeah okay
ready twinkle twinkle little star how I
wonder what you are up above the world
so high like a diamond in the sky
twinkle twinkle little star
I wonder what you good job Jackson that
is wonderful that's a great song you did
so good Jax I'm so proud of you okay
okay I love you why you say I'll see you
tomorrow see it tomorrow can you give
him a kiss Oh dad can I tomorrow's kind
of a big day for me kind of exciting I
don't know you may not think it's that
cool but I'm kind of excited for it you
guys have probably noticed over the past
couple months that I may have put on a
little bit of weight not ton now it's
not like crazy but it's just I have
noticed and I felt it not so much here
or here but right here yeah I put on a
few pounds and I don't like it so I want
to make a change and get rid of it I
listen to a podcast every once in a
while from Tim Ferriss he's the author
of the 4-hour workweek the 4-hour chef
the 4-hour body and he interviews all
these amazing people and does all of
these cool experiments to his body
essentially he's like a human guinea pig
and one thing that he does is called
like the slow carb diet and I'm going to
try that and I'm just going to try it
for a month see what happens see how I
feel see what changes and when we're at
the grocery store yesterday we got a
bunch of those foods to start that and
what I've been reading is it's kind of
like something that you want to progress
into over the course of a few days so
tomorrow
one meal is going to be a slow carb meal
then two meals the next day and then all
meals the day after that so I'm pretty
excited about it I'm kind of anxious to
see how it's going to turn out just as
you get older you know your body changes
and everything but I would always tell
Ellie I was like darn it I wish you
could have known me in high school
fit Jared athletic Jared because I
worked out every single day I was I mean
like I used to
a collegiate athlete so I was fit I was
strong and you know things change you
changed jobs you don't work out as much
as you used to you've got kids and
you're chasing them instead of going to
the gym and stuff but and I know I've
said this a lot in the past as far as
like going to the gym and stuff but I
think diet and what you put in your body
is just as important as what you put out
through exercise and all of that
so I'm kind of just anxious and excited
to see how it turns out and I hope I
don't let myself down I hope I stick to
it and and really get into it and really
go through it I bought a whole bunch of
like powdered sugar and things that I
need to make because I am going to
practice and make a turtle cake with
fondant I have never made anything like
it but I've been looking up some cute
pictures and ideas of what to make so I
really want to make a little turtle cake
for Kevin's birthday so I want to
practice one time or at least twice
before his actual birthday what are you
looking at you look at the sunset ah
that is extremely pretty
we have beautiful sunsets here yes we do
in our window looks right yeah look at
the snow still that's what I love is
like it'll be warm outside
it'll be sterile still be snow on
Sundays vlogs are a little bit different
we usually take more of the day just
spend it with family and do that sort of
thing and sometimes trying to take a nap
it doesn't work always that's great but
we are in then we try and like talk
about something that is you know a
message or something I don't know
something that we think about throughout
the day
and I was thinking about messages in
itself and I was thinking about why was
like okay if I were to say something on
the blog what would it be and now I got
to thinking about daily action and and
application of those messages and I
thought to myself I said you know we say
a lot of things about being better
having a happy successful marriage and
and parenting and all of those sort of
things and how we can do better every
single day and then I thought to myself
we can say those things all we want we
can
post those inspirational messages all we
wanted on Instagram Twitter and all of
that sort of thing but the application
of those things is the most important
part obviously you can talk but you have
to do the action you know and that's
hard to do the action it's like as
simple as having a positive attitude I
think 90% of time we do but there's a
huge chunk where sometimes I'm just
ticked and mm-hmm
you know it's like sometimes you just
have to have a little bit right but I'm
what I'm saying is like I always try and
challenge people like do something
better okay tomorrow than you did today
dude be a little bit better than you
were and I'm thinking like do you do I
do that do I practice what I preach
I want to say yes but obviously there
are days where I say that's I can't say
that because you know there are times
where you know Ellie and I have
conversation all the time and I think
we're really good at this is just
conversing and talking about goals and
stuff that we need to do better for each
other better our family our marriage and
a lot of stuff and I think we do that
really well but I think me personally I
think there are definitely some times
where I need to do the application of
things and so that's just kind of been
on my mind is I want to do better at
being better does that make sense no
totally so I yeah and so that's I guess
if sunday has a message today that's it
like practicing practice what you preach
and and and you know do the things you
teach whoa did I just make a rhyme I
mean I think we do a good job but I
think I can always do a little bit
everyone you know everyone obviously
everyone can do a little bit better but
that's I don't was just thinking about
that today like during church sometimes
telling yourself every day like I need
you better to than tomorrow and if you
don't well it's in your mind yeah and I
think you're halfway there
you do good well go where credit give
myself a pat on the back time-wise pat
me on the back I say that to people but
especially to moms like me and dads but
you're doing better than me theme yeah
you are not saying like you guys need to
do anything or we've is just that was
just what was on my mind and I think
Sunday's a good day to think about the
and be proactive because Monday's coming
up and Monday is a great day to Marge's
we are picking out our future I am
actually really excited I never thought
I would say this but I'm really excited
I can't wait it's gonna be great
that is it from us to you we're gonna go
to bed we're gonna edit ribbit what is
that what one of those combinations
something like that okay guys we're
gonna see you tomorrow thanks Rhonda
kitchen time bye
