Oh bummer dad that's that's the saddest
story I ever did hear it is extremely
sad
good morning guys I just filmed a get
ready with me video and last night I
filmed a little haul video and I am
pretty sure I have a new favorite
lipstick I'm gonna talk about this all
the time it's the NYX ombre duo color
that I put around my lips but before I
do that I just Revlon Ultra HD matte
color and I put that over my lips and
then I go in and do the darker on the
lip line and then the really pretty
bright bright pink on the middle and I
think that is so pretty so pretty this
is Hollywood wine and the Revlon Ultra
HD color is it doesn't say anywhere I
like cannot find the shade but that's
what it looks like so I have a new face
on new products that I'm using today and
guess what is on the calendar nothing
nothing it is Saturday it is date
morning I called a babysitter a few days
ago and I was like can you watch the
kids for you know an hour and a half on
Saturday morning while Jared and I go on
a little date honestly I think we're
probably just gonna go like grab
breakfast together and just like hang
out for an hour
but I'm really excited because Jared I
haven't had like a little date for a
second I guess we had a huge date for
our birthday so I can't say that but I'm
really excited it to go but let's see
what Jackson got his request he woke up
and said pancakes gon cake whoa
that's you you okay okay they're making
pancakes Jared thank you look amazing
Jared our goal is to have the thinnest
pancakes in the world that is amazing
here you are my lady
yes Oh welcome you look pretty snazzy
today the Creperie this is a fun place
that Ellie and I really like to go have
breakfast they have sweet and savory
crepes and we have an hour to just
indulge I think we should have these in
our backyard we're waiting on our crate
I got the pin up
30/30 movie like Nutella not new they
tell ability routine up
I had a great birthday month honestly it
was really awesome it's the last day of
the month I am not gonna lie him a
little sad because I was hoping that we
would start the house this week in April
long story short on the bank didn't
think that we had owned our lot and so
the bank and the Builder were talking
for two weeks figuring out appraisals
when we did own the land and it was it's
just a fusion mishap but things are good
and I talked to them and they said that
we should start next week but what's new
I keep saying not so and that's the
thing but that's how it is yeah
the building and I was like this takes a
lot of time banks move our Nadal so it's
just like this it's it's you know part
of the territory we have 2x expect
things will be delayed in every yeah but
we knew that oh it takes three months to
build give it four or five months but
anyway so hopefully I'm thinking we
should start the week of the ninth jared
goes to his Mariners game Monday and I
would hope the house hey after I get
back right pootie
everyone
who else
I met the baby what's his name thank you
and Lincoln ranking Olivia well I think
sometimes we think Jackson is so nice
with Cody by honestly Thea's cuz that's
like how what he knows to say I think
he's finally being like Boston Olivia
again like he's finally saying other
names we are excited we are just here
the Jump Zone and I seen what table
looks the best
that one we got pizza our cousins are
coming and we're gonna go jump
then I can do
if I just believe it
there's nothing to
I believe
nothing makes me feel more like a kid
than a bunch of trampolines some dodge
balls and a good time like that
seriously that was just so much fun I
have no idea why we don't do that more
often and today I found out that that
place actually has like the big blowup
balls that Devin Supertramp uses all the
times to roll down the hills so I'm
thinking we might need to go there again
and maybe have the adults play like
human bowling ball or something that
would be way fun so driving into our
city there is a giant fly over fly
fishing and everything and every time we
drive by over like town we need to go
there we need to go there dad is a huge
fly fisherman actually he's not very big
but he likes a fly fish quite a bit and
so and that's something that I wanted
you I've only gone with him a couple
times but now that we're with each other
a lot more often this is something we
want to do because we're in like prime
location for fly fishing so we're
driving around front trying to find this
place and I'm aren't you know Cena I'm
not seeing like there's the giant
there's a giant fly but where's the fly
shop Oh bummer dad that's that's the
saddest story I ever did here it is
extremely sad that giant fly is sitting
there for nothing now they're gone the
fly shop is gone it's closed gone
forever we'll never see him again it is
not very often them both boys are going
to nap at the same time it's not very
often oh it's okay and it's not very
often that Jack's in the map and okay
now I didn't want a meal oh and so I
laid down and I took advantage of it and
I woke up I thought stinks in here
hey you know what you didn't poop does
that mean I pooped the bed um no I
changed Calvin's diaper really really
early this morning and I must have left
a wife in the bed those full of crap
which means I need to wash the bed
because it's lit the bed smells like
crap look right there
can you smell it isn't that gross look
there's baby poop in it say
on my bed and that's gross so I was like
I'm gonna be washing my sheets today so
we ended up at Sportsman's Warehouse and
I like sports in the right house because
you can just look in the store forever
there's always different things that you
can find and one thing that Ellie and I
are actually looking for is we want to
get a good tent for the whole family
because I anticipate lots of camping
trips lots of taking the boys out and
sleeping under the stars and everything
and so we've been looking at fly fishing
gear which I don't I mean that that's an
expensive hobby I was looking at the the
rods the reels the waders the fly I mean
the Flies aren't too bad but you go you
know tons and tons of flights for all
these different situations but the boots
the waiters in fact one of the jokes in
fly fishing is fly fishermen say my
biggest fear is that when I pass away my
wife will sell my fly fishing gear for
what I told her I paid for it well I
mean we're actually talking about it is
when you pass we're all gonna get a
guitar because we play guitars well
three two three four three guitar
playing we'll get a guitar and Ryan will
get all of the blankness fly fishing
gear and we were like you know what that
fly fishing gear is probably worth more
than a guitars guys the other day I had
instagrammed a picture of this fresh
coconut limeade at the grocery store and
it is a dollar 69 for this much
fresh-squeezed juice and a lot of you
guys are like how much is that in
California or wherever you guys look
that would be like 10 bucks
this isn't that crazy this much for like
a buck
anyway this is the best it's tastes like
Hawaii is so yeah I don't know Hawaii
tastes like but if I had a taste this
row tastes like it is so yummy are you
guys gonna get your search on for the
onions the carrots the apples all of the
healthy cookies let's go
the grocery store that we're in right
now does some pretty amazing stuff they
even have a little little tiny shopping
cart oh and what are you getting are you
getting some cleaning pads for the stove
are you gonna put those are you gonna
get those and clean the stove Jackson
you need that for when you a clog the
toilet huh buddy oh you don't do that so
you're gonna put it back yeah let's give
that to Bryan and Cowan how about that
huh
get it come on you can do come on
Jackson you can do it oh you putting it
back
dang Ellie back at it again with editing
your videos you're crazy you're doing
awesome with your videos on your channel
good we're having another editing party
today and we are going to call it a
night thank you guys so much for
watching the video today I hope you have
a wonderful weekend if you guys didn't
know we have some new summer merch out
I'll have it listed down below and in
the corner somewhere have a wonderful
weekend we'll see you tomorrow
