last night was a little crazy and we had
to take Jackson into urgent care
I have never seen Jackson at so sick
that he just lays on the couch it
doesn't bother me
those are cows and he doesn't want to
move and again I checked his fever and
it was the highest it like it was very
scary and so um we took him in and he
has an ear infection and Jackson has
never had an ear infection so he is
extremely talkative brand we we bought
Thomas the Train and he is so into
trains right now I think one of these
times we should take him to Heber Valley
and take him on there Heber creeper it's
a train I think he would love it should
we go on to a train sometime yeah yeah
we go but right now we're just cuddling
he starts a fever has medicine in him
and we're just going to watch some shows
will probably buy another train movie
today and watch another trade movie
are you happy good dad's home yeah
you are never one to want to just pass
for a night yep he's a teacher doing yep
he's driving in the night so it looks
like I just can't leave our target if
you are like I came downstairs it's just
like he won't stop what did we do he saw
you oh when he saw me hi Daddy and then
he said sit couch train movie okay and I
said you want to watch Thomas and he
said no other train movie so he watched
the cartoon one that he rented and he
said oh no the tracks cuz they're right
now Jackson the tracks for braking and
he was like narrating it for me he said
Elephant Walk tracks it's the cutest
thing ever
hey Camerino it was so good to see you
Oh God literally
Tom crawled in the bed we were like a
night it was a long day we've all been
just like cuddling all morning and just
resting and Jackson's been such a good
boy I mean I know you have not cried I
just filmed a clip and then I go over
the battery died I was like he hasn't
even cried but he's just then he still
has a fever big claw but he's just been
laying down and what did you just tell
me you said you're I'm comfy and every
time he sits up and I was like oh do you
want to get up and do this you want let
me get your popsicle he goes no I lay
down oh now you want a popsicle you okay
I'll go get you one and in the meantime
I just threw some stuff in the crock pot
some chicken some bell peppers and
seasoning so we can have chicken
enchiladas later I'm kind of embarrassed
to admit this it's something that I've
had my entire life but I'm not sure if
I've ever said it to you guys and it's
to an extent it's extremely normal but I
think for me it's a little abnormal
buying shoes can be somewhat difficult
for me not in the sense that I don't
know what kind of get but because of
sizing now everyone has one foot that is
slightly bigger than one or the other
but mine are extremely different I think
it's almost one full half size or one
half size difference so anytime I get
shoes I always have the dilemma of do I
go one size up and have my right foot be
really really small or do I go one size
down and have my left foot be tight
inside of it so bonnie and joel know
this and I think when Joel was getting
my shoes that I got me for my birthday
which by the way are like my favorite
ever I love these shoes I think they
were a little nervous that they would
either have to get a different size or
something like that just because my feet
are so weird I'll show you when I get
home the difference in size it's pretty
crazy but I'm here at the store to find
some like a little heel liner because I
think I've decided that my left foot
fits good and my right foot is too small
so I have to go get like a little
he'll kleiner adjuster thing so my right
foot fits a little bit better okay here
we go
that's what I'm looking for so my
question to you guys is do any of you
have that same issue where you have to
get like a different size because your
feet are just a little bit different or
different enough where you have to
either go up a size or down the sides or
do you have anything like that with
different parts of your body item just a
weird question but that's something I
have to deal with regularly this is kind
of embarrassing and it may be gross to
some of you guys so just be aware of
that
I got my feet right here and I'm just
zooming in and you can see they're all
the way down you can see which foot my
left foot is quite a bit bigger than my
right foot is that weird I'm sorry if
this is if feet are really gross but
this is what it looks like it's almost
like my right foot just notches in there
but isn't that crazy
I actually had a friend in high school
who was terrified of feet didn't like to
look didn't like to touch but that it's
just kind of funny when I talked about
that I was like oh my gosh I remember my
friend doesn't like feet at all so I'm
sorry if you don't like feet I just had
to show you because I have you know two
minutes dedicated to the vlog about my
feet I have to show you guys how good
this legs my enchilada is done about
sour cream avocado and all the enchilada
stuff if you guys could taste it I think
you would love it
so just made a stop at our p.o box and
jazz and it was happy to get off the
couch when he saw the Box open it over
and I think that may know who this is
from yeah they were talking to us about
it
well they've and they've sent us some
stuff before like um the charger for the
formula four-wheeler Oh fun there this
isn't a sponsored video like that they
were just kind enough to send us this
stuff they send us a robotic vacuum so
like the the DJ room does or something
they just came out with one so nice but
and they they gave this to me like oh no
a month or two ago and I use it all the
time it's this little vacuum that I use
just in the kitchen like so I don't
sweep the floor anymore I'll just use
that little vacuum on my plankings up
Jarrod didn't even I didn't even say the
name and Jarrod automatically knew who
you were we do recognize and know a lot
of you guys your new viewers and you
guys have become such close friends oh
she said dear Ellie and Jared I wanted
to say thank you for everything when I
saw you guys at CVX
you're always so nice to me and you
always helped me a bunch after my dad
died and chair goes that's Emily good
luck with all of your house pens I can't
wait to see your dog Calvin will have
any crazy obsessions like Jackson love
you guys always Emily I hope you like to
give yes you did not need to do that
that was so sweet
and yes Emily I don't know I don't know
what Jackson's if she says Calvin's
obsessions might be Ellie is Jenny's
Calvin's obsession is Evita um thank you
so much this is a robotic vacuum and I
bet as something Calvin is gonna love
this
and I told yard that we needed to get
something like this too especially for
the new house because we're gonna have a
dog and I think that this will be nice
just especially for like the wood area
maybe that how fun to always just keep
that heavy it's it's a be its oh well
thank you for sending us that
are you gonna test the vacuum do you see
that he threw little pieces of bread oh
don't touch it don't touch it
are you feeding the vacuum are you
giving the vacuum food to pick up and
eat that's how what you're doing try
again
put it right here yeah we'll put it
right in front of it Kay buddy
like this
oh I picked it up here it comes
good morning that's a good smile from my
Appy boy he slept for so long and he's
finally awake and you know what Calvin
I'm excited to show you our new toy I'm
kind of excited to see your reaction to
it do you want to see it come over here
come here what is that what is it doing
oh it's going where's it going is that
funny he's chasing it go get it oh it's
going to get you now oh now I do they're
robots attacking you
oh wow I went right in between there now
it's Austin Powers Kelvin every time get
Jack super destroy down Calvin go to
grab it and Jax would go out and then
Calvin you trickster you know what
you're doing Jackson's favorite book
sort of changing every night this little
ask we gets men twinkle little star the
neon but the bed time rhyme so that's
what we're gonna sing to him your
favorite registry little star and toad
ready ready oh yeah and teddy bear teddy
bear oh yeah
that's your favorite twinkle twinkle
little star how I wonder what you are
above the level of world so high like a
diamond in the sky that was so cute oh
you know voice filming I Spy something
like down the whole town yeah now it's
teddy bear teddy bear teddy bear touch
your nose teddy bear teddy bear touch
our toes take our teddy bear turn around
teddy bear teddy bear touch the ground
tell you bye teddy bear go up the stairs
teddy bear teddy bear say your prayers
teddy bear teddy bear turn off the light
turn your teddy bear say goodnight say
goodnight goodnight
we're gonna go ahead and say good night
to Jer and I gotta plan our months
videos for our Channel you're a few
steps ahead of me
yeah I've been planning all day this
morning but it's been so fun I just love
it so we're gonna end our vlog with you
guys but we are not done with YouTube we
are still going to be it's a 24/7 entity
really is and it's fun we it is stuff
and I wouldn't I wouldn't want anything
different I wouldn't trade it for the
world and we are so grateful every
single day and you guys so much for
watching and we'll see you tomorrow that
kind of is a little extreme sorry bye
but
