good morning guys I am just getting the
vlog uploaded and everything and I have
a special visitor with me right now
show your face hi Jackson hey did you
sleep good
oh good are you feeling okay are you are
you kind of sick right now
oh did the baby wake up
oh yeah is your tummy hurting right now
are you feeling kind of sick hey oh no
I'm sorry are you still being a good boy
for mommy though okay do you hear the
choo choo train
yeah oh is it you two coming hey should
I come home on an airplane Hey okay I'll
come on and I'll give you a big kiss and
a hug okay okay can you give me a big
kiss hug oh that was so good that was so
nice
oh so glad you're laughing it off the
couch this kid has been on the couch all
day he's had a little fever
he has his top two-year-old molar in and
he's getting his bottom one in and he
has been such a good boy even though
he's been like so sad like last night he
woke up and usually he cries if he wakes
up but he goes mom water like all he
wanted was water I was really grateful
because I was in rocking chair gaggy all
night with Calvin it's time for day two
we got day two fresh snips Brian dude we
looking fly we look at ha y'all these
are the clothes that we were yesterday
and we sweated in them so so why not
wear them today right because that's
real left hip hop how we do it that's
gangster that's what we do over am i
using those words right and there's
those pants those dope imagine imagine
Aladdin ridin on a magic carpet oh you
are a lot more oh we're trying to find
Jasmine without well if you think about
it like it's fine the Sahara Desert you
know that do you think he I was thinking
a lot of showers I don't know do you
think about it going into the palace
that may have been his first shower of
his life yeah that would look like
he wishes yeah can I get a shower can I
just wash off please can I got to my
busy incest please can we have a few
deep I want to brush up yes throw over
that way what color is that
okay what one's purple okay go get it
okay
shusui it says okay
Hey it says oh wave your arms can you
weigh them
yeah okay my turn yo-yo no okay oh you
know what it says you know this is make
an angry face okay let's show everyone
how we can make an angry face oh good I
have to leave here to go back to the
airport in just a little bit before we
do that we're getting a couple shots now
I just want to know how many people have
never done this before
why are we're getting to the point in
time where this is it yeah this is a
thing of the past how crazy is that
so are we putting the card is a breakup
some might say that I'm
but I just call it being free I am my
heart only owner or at least I used to
be
cuz now a wildfire is raging deep inside
and and my horn strings are pulling like
the time
and the managers part was a single
stolen kiss and if I ain't look
I don't know what is
crap crap I just got some really bad
news I just got a phone call my flight
is delayed over an hour and I'm gonna
miss my connecting flight that being
said what that means is I I fly from
Alabama to Texas Texas to Utah so I I
don't know what's gonna happen
I've never had this happen to me before
I think they have to fix the flight
somehow I I don't I don't know now
everybody's tummies are full they've all
had their naps and guess what he's
Cody's birthday
hey oh and do we have a little gift for
him levy be right back okay you bring in
this gift okay hey Cody happy fifth
birthday yeah thanks are you excited yes
look at me
happy fifth birthday Thanks okay let's
go on inside
I love her my sister's get something new
and I get it use it um Calvin needs to
be held and I've been wanting to try it
- um buddy gonna turn it right on to
care bye we're on oh I want you today
are you petting at Ruby's back he was
going like this Calvin Calvin Pat Ruby's
back look he flag he usually does he
sees he sees me he wants me to wear him
le when we're old and gray and we're
we're done raising our kids and we're
just enjoying life this is what I want
this giant patio with this swing just
hanging out having a good time yeah
Brian
well Brian and I just took a picture and
we're sitting right here and I was like
you know what this is gonna be so fun
we're just old and we're hanging out and
we're just talking about chewing the fat
do you remember that one time we went to
Alabama and filmed a music video like
that's what we did we did that for fun
and we just it's just so cool so cool
what we're doing right now and Ellie
this is what I want this one won't run
a little southern right now because I
want to get deep and passionate with
that sweet molasses just falling at your
mouth that though those ribs a southern
bar without some portal
I pulled pork yeah last night mmm good
but how fun is this that we're just you
know it's it's nice and warm out it's a
little hot outside nice and warm outside
and that's just enjoying Alabama roll
time so I I have the Ergo Bonnie just
got the Tula and because of your
recommendation well a lot of you guys
are like the to was amazing the fabric
is so much softer than the NFL and I
like this comes all the way up and
covers his back that's awesome with with
this the Ergo it like cuts them off
right here really he leans back and this
even still has a thing that can hold his
head I wanted to kind of kiss right here
but I was wearing it did have a hood but
a lot of you guys who told me that did
have a hood this is cool it's all I'm so
soft and one but since you're not gonna
nap because your teeth and boy I'll just
hold yeah because I was thinking about
it a little bit in depth um if I do this
just right if I Jason Bourne this I
might be able to make my connecting
flight I mean it's gotta be close got to
Sydney I did actually the same well
these are I have to ask to sit way up
front cuz I've got to take a train to
the other gate I mean okay faith in you
man it's literally I was thinking about
it from the last time I flew into Dallas
like minutes like just like two two
minutes window could make or break it
I'm nervous I'm really nervous but it's
gonna work out no matter what Calvin and
Eve are going for a ride
Jackson and Kay are going for a ride
Russell and I are so low are you my solo
buddy drop me a push yeah yeah don't
push me - hi okay just a little bit
there we go we're all here we just
eight kids that we're getting ready to
open presents Jackson do you even
remember what we got Cody
present job I got him a present
did you find a seat Henry did you find a
seat
Bonnie and I got these at CVX um they're
Tabasco spicy chocolate I've been
wanting to try it but I just haven't and
so you're the first one to break it out
oh I don't need that much I can eat it
just take in half yeah can you taste oh
yeah
no way um just like the M&Ms the other
day just say something naughty no make
you shake wellies Oh tiny what I know I
hear it let's burn yeah I would I would
not you would this is interesting
Roy it's growing I kind of like it oh my
gosh I'm at the airport now and I'm
nervous I've got plenty of time to get
there but it's just the next flight
that's gonna be crazy
Cullen the talk school it's been so
awesome thank you so much Katie Bryan
Jeffery Randy thank you guys so much we
did not so ready so I just I what we
didn't do nipple drag yes I love you
guys thank you so much for being my
friend and hanging out and I can't wait
to see the video it's gonna be so great
next Friday is on your channel Cullen
so Daly okay alright next Friday I like
Villa Bailey so we'll see you guys soon
oh I hope I make this fight he's almost
a Rotter you guys born oh my gosh I have
to Jason Bourne this I have my steel toe
boots on so if anyone gives me trouble
just kick them hair the face kick him
right in the head Thanks okay guys see
you later I don't want to leave I don't
want to but I do want to come see my
children in my wife kept uh alright Oh
oh you gotta let me what you got alone
oh because that's why I love you okay
see you guys bye these are the candles
with my OD guys I get looking at
are those the clothes candles come oh
it's all we've got
for years I've kept my feelings grounded
and gone without on get with it
you
that gay right there is where my plane
is supposed to be so here's another
unfortunate update my plane is delayed
40 more minutes so that means I'm
definitely going to be on the later
flight and I may actually miss that
light ah this is going to be interesting
how this all plays out I'm kind of
anxious I'm kind of excited to see how
it all is going to work out it's kind of
exciting you know running through the
airport yeah
just you're gonna make it is he gonna
see his family or what is he gonna miss
it is he gonna have to stay the night in
Dallas it seemed to see Madden Emily are
maddeningly gonna have their baby we'll
find out next on the episode of Ellie
and Jared stay tuned bye these high
walls I've been surrounded walls to her
eyes only paper
so all the kids said that they could see
a bird inside of the tree so I'm going
to shovel first I'm gonna look I had my
old age okay I don't think it's focused
but you can totally see a little birdie
down there can you guys see the little
bird oh okay status update I missed my
flight I just got off the other plane
and I'm running to the I gave my other
flight leaves in like 20 minutes and it
it's a 25 minute train ride trying to
figure out where I need to go I'm gonna
miss my next light too if I don't worry
crap
that was my training I think this is the
worst travel day of my entire life I
literally ran up to the Train
and it was closing as I got there it was
like a movie I was like no no no no no
if I don't make this flight the next
flight is in three and a half hours I
can't have that happen gotta make this
flight
I needed I've made a carefully
well that was quite the adventure that
was probably the most exciting travel
day I have ever had but luckily I am
home my parents just actually happened
to be in Salt Lake City when I landed so
Ellie is with the kids making sure
they're all in bed my parents just
picked me up from the airport and now we
are taking the two-hour drive back home
thanks for picking me up up you're
welcome yeah thanks for picking me up
Ted you're welcome we always pick up
unfortunate hitchhikers
do you remember that one time we picked
up at the Apple in Oregon yes I do and
Washington how was a Washington oh
here's a funny story here I don't think
we've ever picked up hitchhikers ever
before that I can remember but dad saw
this this old couple on the side of the
road said we should really pick them up
so we did and it was summertime it was
one miserably ha was 1 million degrees
and I felt so sorry for him I think
Melanie was like dad do not pick up
these hitchhikers they're going to be
actually you know axe murderers or
something like that and so Bennifer was
probably oh she was scared she was so
scared so we pick him up and everything
and get a little get to know him a
little bit and ask him so where are you
guys headed and dad where were they
headed they were headed to visit their
son in prison they were headed to visit
their son in prison so we took them to
prison yeah we picked up hitchhikers and
took them to prison so that's sorry
hitchhiking experience Oh home sweet
home guys this long journey has finally
come to an end
the boys are asleep and Ellie is asleep
and now it is time for me to go to sleep
thank you guys so much for watching this
video be sure to give it a big thumbs up
check out our friends listed down below
and while you're here be sure to hit the
subscribe button if you haven't already
and we will see you guys tomorrow
thanks for watching bye
