good morning guys we are here in Ala
freakin Bama alle freaking you Bama guys
it is day one of fresh snip so you
better get your full tank of gas and get
your boat on over here because we got
ravioli Brian right is amazing for like
you know what I'm just gonna make some
ravioli we're getting our vlogs up and
ready to rock and roll and today is
gonna be awesome
Dave one fresh
that was nice of you to throw them at
the diaper away thank you yes
this is a big time huh good morning guys
it is 7:30
it is 7:30 I am ready for the day
Jackson you are ready for the day Calvin
you're ready for the day that means we
were up at the butt crack of dawn hi
thank you
oh you are such a big helper yes we were
up at the butt crack of dawn that's okay
and we are going to go and make pancakes
because that was Jackson's request and
look he's saying clean up I did not tell
him to clean up I did not tell him to
throw the diaper way or close the door I
said come on let's go any pancakes and
he started picking up before we walked
out so thank you I will help you and
then one month we're gonna make this
kids start working cuz you're gonna be a
year old a year old finally this is what
it feels like to sit in the throne of a
king I'm sitting in a shotgun and I only
had to ask Brian 14 times to get out of
the seat alright let's talk about this
we need to really like this is a hard
spot in our relationship okay Brian he's
not talking maybe I should let him out
on a much lighter note we're hanging out
with Jay randiandersen ladies and
gentlemen how's it going
oh it's going really well oh you're
asking them sorry all right how are you
guys doing I'm I'm so excited to hang
out yeah I didn't care all you care
about the front seat
you always got ask me everybody got here
everyone's got here we're going to shoot
a gas here on your ride you'll notice
the target ball that one in particular
is the one that Cullen vault target of
days because of the love oh no guys
Jackson is stuck and he needs help what
happened oh good job they fold this up
and he goes oh but you got unstuck all
by yourself huh wow I'm glad it's okay
it didn't get any major damage so we're
at Target getting a last few minute
props and you guys know how I always say
Marco Polo for Ally when I'm looking for
well I have no idea where the guys are
so I'm gonna try a little Marco Polo
here see if we can find them Marco
Micah
Marco Marco found you guys we are at the
mall browsing and they have a cal ranch
inside the mall and guess what I hear
baby chicks trying to get out in the
cabin okay yeah yeah you know we can't
hold them today they say not to well
just look look there's bigger ones right
here I think they like you oh look how
pretty they are
look to dart your silly chickens so when
I have my chickens I had the bared rock
which I really liked them
my favorite worthy buff Orpingtons my
least favorite were the white leghorns
they were not very nice and I know I had
a Rhode Island Red and I don't I know I
had one that laid green eggs I guess
it's called the Easter Egger I don't
remember but I did have one that laid
green eggs so it's kind of fun to look
at all the chickens but I had a lot of
different kinds I never had these ones
though someone's a fuzzy feet kind of
crazy-looking one same to have those
ones all right mister snips himself
getting ready for day one of fresh snips
do it straight up smooth chillin oh this
lens do we you look good you look good
you look like you're ready to shoot a
music video Brian I think we should
shoot a music video we should we should
go that should be is something on the
agenda today a music video well let's do
it I've been practicing this two already
oh she was my sweat my sweat ready oh
shoot I keep screwing it up Jarrod
you're the worst at this darn it
I'm chocolates so get this today is
national pretzel day so if you give
somebody a compliment you get a free
pretzel so that is your pretzel we've
got cheese or cream cheese to dip it in
you want some pretzel Calvin thank you
my son he's like no I'm good just suck
it on my second on my string okay let's
open this up for you so you can dip your
pretzel on that it'll be so yummy
whoa I'll cut it up for you I wanted to
give you a little behind-the-scenes
action of what's going on here on the
fresh snips on the fresh snips on the
fresh niche on the fresh snips shoot say
that ten times fast everyone go the
fresh snips shoot okay here we go this
is what we're this is what we've been
doing the past couple harder than a full
tick on the back of a pig's behind
we have ours come sit on ours we'll see
how fast we can go baby wait hold on
take Calvin well-done take okay go oh he
doesn't like that hold them oh geez yeah
Daisy
 okay this climber of mine come here
it's try to come up oh yeah trying very
hard
come on Calvin don't come at me and go
down the slide
oh I see you over there we go okay you
got a line behind Jack and you come down
here yeah yeah Camille like your hand
your target whoa good job Jackson you're
becoming more brave Wow just follow your
nose wherever I go it'll take you places
amazing that's great they're like we're
going to eat dinner right now it smells
smells good this barbecue smells
delicious what is this place called
again
genetics gymnix
well so stinking good so we have the
convention so CVX is the last room that
Jeremiah went to and I always kind of
feel bad because like we're there and
it's so busy and crazy it's like when
we're like with our friends and stuff we
don't really get a chance to like sit
and chat so I invited a few youtube
months to come and hang out at the river
worm well
our kids play cute Jackson Jackson hi
hope and there's Calvin on the stairs
and so I invited a few months anything
I think everyone's you guys can make it
but Jenny wish her tonsils just came out
so she's not able to make it I'm Jenna I
don't think is able to make it and
pressure my family in town and invited
Kaylee to write and Sarah I don't know
what her plans are but hi guys check it
out how are you good now in Utah we're
right next to Idaho so we get these huge
huge potatoes I remember going to my
parents old house in Washington having
dinner there and having these potatoes
and they they just weren't very big but
I have never seen a potato this big this
is a giant potato it is bigger than my
hand and as big as my head like this is
ridiculous
like Idaho come on man what's the deal
how about you have the giant potatoes
this is a southern sized potato hole
account do you think we're in Texas
everything is bigger hole arias at this
table funny
cracking all the jokes except for these
two guys over here they're watching
watch this video from cranberry
but no we're having dinner and this
looks delicious we have some really
awesome music they're actually playing
like really really great blues music
everyone hi we have all the mommies here
baby
hi guys so we're out here hanging out I
just thought this would be so fun
especially like we all don't get to sit
down and talk with each other and let's
be honest half the time everyone's
together the guys are hanging out and
watching the kids this is kind of fun
all the kids who are playing and all the
mommies are just talking I think it's
really funny here where all of the kids
that are here are pretty much all of
ours so if you look in this room it's
like what youtuber kids T recognize if
you look in this room oh no one's in
that room you know Jackson has his
cousin's all hanging out like this yeah
little kids everyone's just playing and
making friends just so fun to just hang
out
I think if you have my favorite moments
today it was when Jackson was playing
and we made eye contact and I went and
he turned around and went right back at
me and then I was reading him his book
before bedtime and I gave it to him
before I walked out and he turned the
pages and he found his favorite page and
he goes teddy bear teddy bear teddy bear
teddy bear because it's teddy bear teddy
bear touch your nose teddy bear teddy
bear touch your I don't know the floor
teddy bear teddy bear turn around
it likes those teddy bear a million
times so I just thought he's such a good
boy
I've just got I just I I've loved today
spending one-on-one time with the kids
Kelvin that cute little struggle tooth
boy love my babies miss Jerrod I'm
excited to see him tomorrow and Jared
I'm gonna send this footage on over to
you look how beautiful those lights are
we got lights all over this is like a
southern a warm southern night I mean
this is nice like we're out here just
having a good time getting some edits
done thank you guys so much for watching
be sure to check out our summer merch
I'll have a link down below as well as
everyone's YouTube channel so you guys
know who were hanging out with have a
good night and we'll see you tomorrow
bye
I needed my unibrow wax
