don't pull my Jackson look at me oh
that's for church huh
that's for church to church okay look at
mama you look handsome you look so
handsome Jared you look so here all the
way ready so and I look amazing
Calvin was like a brand-new baby where I
sent you to to church and jatin Calvin
and I stay home but Calvin with his TV
and his sleeping right now I'm I he has
to have his first net worth he will not
nap at all because that's always been
doing between sleeping and napping it's
that first nap that I can guarantee so
churches right at Calvin's naptime so
you guys go when he always will take a
really good first nap so yeah that makes
the rest of the day go smooth yeah yep
so I go stay here get ready
Calvin's good take a nap oh you hold the
bag and daddy I'll open it when you get
to church there's a few little toys and
a little tree in there yeah and your
gave that to you at CVX huh and that is
your favorite spider-man two hours later
Calvin took a really good nap and now
he's awake and he's a plane but he's
been really naughty not only has he not
been wearing his seat belt but he has
been standing inside of his car does
naughty that's naughty oh yes let's see
if you do it again
hi hi hi oh he's in he's in he's in
nineteen against and in it he will just
stand here poke your head out doing doe
a close the door mister mister God keep
my eye on you I got keep my eye on you
he's a deal you don't have a sunroof so
you can't poke your head out and let the
wind blow your little baby hairs Calvin
you think I am a jungle gym
you think I'm a jungle gym guys I am so
happy and excited this plan he is
everywhere but he stands on everything
just now he was crawling around my back
I like want him to do it again it was so
cute and he just was going everywhere
come on let's go got mine doesn't get me
just cruising around the house cruising
around the house did you did you did you
two beauties here
did he just your is he doing that
now Fiore's just says it well don't
touch please he just likes to look so
he's done he wanted to said he wanted
some toilet do you wanna sit you know no
don't touch is it you want you actually
put your pants down so you can go buddy
nope he's not still luck yeah that's not
something you want to look at Jackson
chuckling yes he's right
I am constantly talking to Jackson about
the potty Jackson likes to watch Jackson
likes to flush he talked about a lot I'm
like we're gonna buy you a potty soon
and he always does know and one of these
days we are going to go and get a little
book a little potty some incentive
stickers or something and we will try
that process right now I'm just kind of
putting it in his head and he always
liked the idea of it and then when we
say cage wants it he says no so we'll
see maybe maybe around the corner it'll
happen
guys I think that Jackson has a
milestone that he wants to show
everybody he can now pick his brother up
wow you are strong enough you can pick
him up
oh no oh did you hurt your foot walk it
off walk it off
what's this I hear about Jackson being
able to pick up Calvin well I just
turned around he'd picked him out oh
please you're not selling this head
there you go you climb up Jackson are
you so strong now yeah baby okay I'll
get I'll put them out I'll take him out
Jackson can you flex your muscles you go
Calvin did you have a little car wreck
he just took the whole thing did you tip
it it's a good thing the rollover safety
rating on this is over five stars
who's in there Oh who's in the airplane
no daddy
oh yeah dad that's the daddy me ball
where's the Jackson me ball hello
Jackson Jackson me good job
we told Jackson dad's going on an
airplane tomorrow and he goes he always
does that he wants to go on an airplane
like he hasn't been on an airplane in a
while but jared is a while mama yeah my
two-year-old flies more than the average
person
he likes airplanes but yeah Jared why
are you going on an airplane tomorrow
because I'm about to get some fresh
snips and a full tank of gas yes we're
shooting a music video hit new single
fresh snips I love on Instagram people
like is this real yes it is
is this a joke no it is not they already
when we were in California last all the
boys took a day and they went and filmed
the music part of it yeah we recorded
the music and now I'm tomorrow they're
gonna film the music video so Jared's
gonna make a quick trip out there yeah
film we're gonna stay here I am
music dad's we go film music tomorrow we
are sharing our goodies that we got from
Las Vegas at the M&M factory with mom
and dad
alright well I'm surprised we haven't
dug into them like at all I think we've
had like a couple but Ellie has selected
a few for mom and dad to choose from and
we're gonna see if I can guess what kind
they are Beauty do do you
my dad said at night that you take this
is probably going back to cookies for
breakfast see my parents did it to me
you have three M&Ms mm-hmm
you put one on each cheek and one in the
mouth and you suck the one on the mouth
till it's gone then you move once you've
already done them you know that's
perfect for breakfast
Oh bedtime snack any times thank you
demonstrator time yeah one of these
Chung what I needs cheek and one under
your tongue oh is that when you've got a
cavity though one out of four dentists
approval that's not so what do you think
normal house it Carly
that one honey that mmm honey no well it
tastes like the old head no honey bit of
honey's pink okay
mom's charges Titan popcorn got ones I'm
getting into the act it didn't have
enough so we're you got these flavors
yourself familiar mm-hmm this is a
replica strawberry yeah no no strawberry
yeah strawberry cheesecake it reminds me
of pink Nesquik yeah yeah mm-hmm
white chocolate so yummy green one last
but not least pop until you drop them
well it's got a mint yep love chocolate
ma'am ma'am no well is it peppermint or
there's men yeah mom got two out of
three and dad waited until mom guessed
them all hot wasn't spicy does my spicy
well it doesn't have to Nashville thing
but it's a it's a hot pepper it's like
we're in the what Willy Wonka Chocolate
Factory the sugar is various taste like
snozzberries but you're turning violet
violet well that's it for our Sunday but
I must admit defeat I lost I can't
believe I lost Jackson and I had a
competition to see who could last
longest and Jackson kicked my butt yeah
I fell asleep putting him to sleep and I
think how long did it take us to put the
kids to bed it took over two hours oh my
that's a record I think that's a record
for the kids yeah they're like they were
bouncing off the walls I don't know what
was going on you were right
he found a racquetball racquet and was
like it hitting the pig the painting in
in the room and I'm just like Calvin oh
he's just a teething little kid and the
thing is like I just feel bad cuz they
just want to play like that's all day
I'm not even like misbehaving they're
just they just want to play and so it's
just like okay well whatever and so
that's what we've been doing the past
couple hours is getting them to bed and
then a little challenge was fun mm-hmm
that made our night and so that's gonna
be it from us I've got to wake up super
early like three o'clock in the morning
to catch a flight and you are gonna hang
out with the kids and that's gonna be in
do you put your teeth in you're good to
go
Ellie loses their teeth oh there
she loses her teeth all the time and
she's like she texted me she's like hey
can you look downstairs and see if you
can find my teeth in the kitchen I may
have lost them yeah I found them in the
bathroom on top of the toilet no that
was Jackson no I'm sure in Jackson
always tries to put them in his teeth
anyway thank you guys so much for
watching hope you have a wonderful night
be sure to check out our summer merch
it's only available for a limited time
I'll have a link down below and up here
in the corner and we'll see you guys
tomorrow thanks for watching bye
