whoa do the pillow go forward yeah
turning around
what do you want a blue sucker yeah okay
well I'll see you've been really good
okay okay I had to run to the bank this
morning and Jackson it was so cute I was
going through the drive-thru and he goes
mama blue sucker like he was asking me
because I had just given her my car it
was like he was asking me to ask her and
he was kind of shy about it I said if
you're a good boy you can and were you a
good boy yeah you were a very good boy
do you want me oh you want to do it you
like to unwrap it yourself okay what do
you say for getting a sucker
look at me you yes that's right dear
welcome this is what my night has
consisted of the past three nights is
all sitting in the rocking chair and
holding Calvin he has it's been so hard
on him the teething he just popped his
front teeth and this is all he wants he
doesn't only in the career because wanna
lay in bed he wants to be in the rocking
chair so this is what we are doing for
his first nap is rocking I just got off
the phone with the Builder today it was
a really big day for us in the house
process we are just finalizing things
the lot and everything is getting
appraised it's just there are so many
big things that are happening kind of
behind the scenes right now with the
house so things are moving forward we're
getting very very anxious and kind of
happy to have this morning over to have
phone calls done I feel a lot better my
tummy is and knots anymore so if we're
just finishing up things can't wait to
start the house then all he wants to do
is be held
look at those front teeth no wonder he's
crying on there's one over over here
that's coming to coordinates baby I'm so
sorry don't you do it no don't you do it
don't you do it
Oh say bye-bye balloon Ellie you just
pop like that balloon just like he
popped my dreams
oh you popped my dream just like to pop
that balloon bye-bye
Trey put in the garbage okay let's put
in the garbage
good job thank you uh what a good helper
hi fine yeah he did
all right buddy we haven't done this in
a long time but I think today is just a
day what do you want to do how did you
did you find the money
oh wow are you gonna put in your pocket
put in your pocket you can save it for
later if you save up enough you can get
a little treat are we gonna go check the
mail yeah
all right let's go check it oh my
goodness it's kind of a while since
we've written this huh
let's go I have a great idea Jackson
today is Saturday you know we should do
what should we do okay hey Kara you want
pizza
yeah and who should we go give it to you
oh yeah oh oh door uncle Joel hey whoa
yeah Olivia
Matt and I mama yeah and heroes oh good
Boston Boston and who else
Erica like your uncle lame names can't
uncle and income I can't believe you're
forgetting I'm Padma the person you say
the banner come sure you want my money
come what okay do you do you want to see
Cody - yeah okay guys that's that's like
strange I thought you were going crazy
they're burning a younger
happy birthday two hits to the crotch
for boss face busted happy birthday
doing his exercises his Uncle Joe get in
daddy oppressor Oh do anything well I
originally maybe another cop and this
kid is loving his little toy over here
he's just so occupied here I was gonna
give somebody said no I said this
Laurie's late my god it's so heavy
there must be shotgun shells in here ok
should we open it yeah yeah all of you
kids grab wait you grab a corner let's
get let's grab from this leg Boston you
grab right here oh how are you grab
right here and then you come over oh you
stop it right now are you kidding me
that was so nice Joel look at these you
can be sure story behind this let me
tell you ok thanks Joe for doubt bein
Bonnie everytime we're here our house
mom and dad's house and we need to run
outside I'm like Joel can I wear your
shoes because they're the slip ons and
every time I were like oh my god where'd
you get these are so comfy where did you
get them because next time I go down I
need to go get up and they're just the
best ever because you can work and I'm
like fancy too and you can either cancel
yeah oh boy they're steel toe that means
you can kick Jackson in the butt and
it's a discipline
mom mmm monkey there we go thank you
I just got my no you're inside
ear but I hope this is the right size
you think I'm if it's the same size as
yours I made a really exercise my can
you may yeah they're perfect oh thanks
Joel you're welcome
isn't that awesome yes I love um things
honestly like you guys did not have to
do that
thank you like this is seriously so cool
thanks doll yeah check sign you're gonna
stay there and sleep okay you'll stay
with Mama okay is it your birthday we're
trying to pack up all of the kids Joel
and I are gonna take them to the cookie
factory and we are gonna go see them
make cookies and maybe we'll get a
cookie yeah
is that fun do you want to come Ellie
why I'm just taking medicine go to bed
okay
Jackson do what should we go get some
cookies okay let's go buddy okay
oh do you want your mama to come you can
stay here but I fee you're gonna like
the cookies give them on the kiss
goodbye so we are at the Pepperidge Farm
Factory and they make like cookies and
goldfish and Milano cookies and
stone-baked artists ruin rolls all of
these things and they're just like
errors or something like small little
tokens or something like that yeah
uh and so they they saw them out like a
reduced rate and sometimes I'll show you
how to like how they make the cookies
and everything so we're kind of hoping
to see that but I saw a lot of goldfish
that I'm really anxious to get my hands
on well this is quite the haul a lot of
Milano cookies I got one for my mom got
two for Ellie and the one that I was
looking for the mid ones they didn't
have but I think the middle ones are the
best and Jackson what do you see oh do
you like those goldfish shall we get
some goldfish daddy likes to eat a lot
of goldfish when he edits let's go to
this goofy Blocher wow you got a giant
box of goldfish let's go is it heavy oh
wow look at you
is it heavy should we go put it in the
cart
well we didn't go for a tour they said
that all the lines were closed today
there they're not running any of the
assembly or the the creating lines but
we had a pretty good all I would say for
sure alright kids who had fun hey
everyone have a good time do you guys
get a lot of cookies and goldfish yep
everyone said yeah
yeah daddy only got mad three times so
he did pretty good himself he's got to
put a seatbelt on we're about to get on
the road as a parent I don't lose my
cool very often I really don't I think I
have a lot of patience with the kids and
I hope Elly agrees with me she might be
like no wager but one thing it doesn't
like throw me off the edge it's just
like oh I wish this didn't happen oh I
was gonna say nice recovery
hey come on Calvin you can stand look oh
now Henry's the Henry pull your pants up
you're indecent Tommy I have no desire
right now and that's what weird thing is
like he totally can stand Calvin can tow
least and he's just like I don't want to
because crawling is way faster I can't
move when I stand right hmm I love just
like see his little skin from his onesie
I know Calvin I keep taking those away
from you because he keeps hitting his
head with it today's been such a fun day
we're all just hanging out at Bonnie's
basement the boys took the kids ba and I
hung out for a minute we just saw up on
Emily we have tons of kids down here
just play in Kate Kate and Olivia are in
Olivia's room and they're talking about
birthday parties and you've got Henry
here
oh and Calvin all the kids are just
playing this morning was a really big
day for us in the house process so that
was one of the big reasons why we were
not able to make it to play us live this
year is we are finalizing some stuff
today but we are live-streaming it Brian
is about to go on live stare he is on
live stage
Casa Lucy so that we can watch it's not
some fun things Gabrus sorry hit big for
him he says there's one more song but
there's a surprise absence I know yeah
we know what's going on with two boys
park two-seat they're getting ready to
watch the show nanananana
I am home oh my god he looks so good
captain croak right there freshness and
freshness gonna freshness and a full
tank gasps :
I'm proud of you fresh snips y'all fresh
snips Alphonse Thank You gasps are you
guys gonna show us a show okay
your real cable watch
oh wow are you sleeping are you sleeping
coz you don't want to take a bath is
that what you're doing hey hey good
night jack okay mama let's turn off the
light and we'll let him sleep good night
they're years he's awake were you
sleeping
oh he's asleep okay let's go out I think
we discovered another nighttime ritual
we are just sitting around here and we
have a big thing of fruit we're eating
fruit we're listening to some music and
we're having a good time aren't we
didn't Amy is it are you ready for
church tomorrow it's rich music oh you
want to listen to church music okay
Jackson is excited to go to church
tomorrow
Calvin he doesn't want me anything I'm
to add to add to Eddie you guys ready
for bed Jackson can you make a sad face
for me can you make a sad a sad face
oh not a happy face there's a happy face
not make a scary face
you're just making silly faces well guys
the kids are in bed and Ellie is taking
a well-deserved hot nice bubble bath and
we are going to wrap up our night I want
to thank you guys so much for watching
so much for having a wonderful week with
us we have a blast this week and we
thank you for coming along the right for
us our new summer merch is available in
the description down below and if you
click the eye in this corner you can get
to it there it's only available for a
limited time so be sure to check it out
and let me know what you think in the
comments down below again thank you guys
so much for watching have a wonderful
weekend and we'll see you tomorrow bye
