I'll be driving are we are we
oh my life that's alley on my leg
shoo go get Calvin okay good morning
he's got a good nap good morning boys Oh
April is a very exciting month for a few
different reasons obviously you guys
know it's our birthdays but it's also
the time where we do a lot of adult
things we have to get the car registered
we have to get safety and emissions we
have to do a bunch of tax stuff so it's
all it's a lot of fun for us we run a
lot of errands and everything it's great
but what I'm doing now is I'm adding to
that list I am here to get the four
wheeler register because we are going to
use it like crazy this summer and I am
so excited but Joel just told me a
couple days ago that he got his
registered I was like I've got a good
night for coming so we're gonna go get
the register so we can have a lot of fun
we are getting our car registered today
the safety of the mission it's a windy
day it feels so good like it's probably
almost 80 degrees today we be hot we're
just parked outside on the little grass
kids need a run this is good for then
beautiful crawl around help it
you
you
ready set go let's race to mommy hi
mommy
Wow
stop having fun no fun allowed no from
you don't funnel I know I know Wow
Calvin teething is like next-level is is
yeah that's the best way I won't even
let me show you but he is getting those
two taut teeth and they are he is that
not not happy baby I mean it's because
he is happy like he's very happy around
us I guess he's not happy when you want
to I'm putting them to sleep or putting
him down like he just kind of just wants
to be held so I love that but it was
very nice for all of us to rest for a
minute I'm gonna go over and visit
Bonnie and say hi to her
and everyday people she's making really
fun later to them I think we should get
something for this little bed and have
some fun with yeah I think this in a man
is a little bit hungry are you hungry I
know he's a little bit hungry he's
because of all the teething he's just
having a little bit harder time to eat
so I'm gonna make him a little egg just
to snack on before dinner I think I'll
just kind of make him feel a little bit
better
what is happening baby asleep hey
Jackson you look this funny what is this
called the hammock a hammock guys we
have been so odd and we totally put on
camera with a sweet viewer sent us this
hammock I'm filming with my phone so
we're probably like all over the place
yeah
so it's reviewer sapphire and we are
going to do Home Depot to figure out
what we need to hang out on the tree and
we're also going to get a little baby
swing for Calvin to cut up at Grandma
and Grandpa's house so you can have a
little a little fun swing for himself
there too pullin the hammock we've had
for a long time because it's for our
house but by the time our trees are
probably even big enough to put nine
eight years yeah and you're a long time
so I thought let's eat your hair oh he
wants to I just don't like that car
can't you go around one I'll push this
okay let's go enough haha to TV kids
it's like if you want the car put him in
the car one down the car please get the
ball on line if he gets kind of fun but
I'm excited because jerez parents have
such pretty big trees on the side of the
house that the hammock will be perfect
on it's such a pretty weather today so
we're gonna go try and figure out what
we need rope or whatever to use the
hammock and hang it up one of the things
I am most excited for is getting a dog
bed but I cannot wait I thought we pick
it up that's not big enough now we got
to get it big in we got to get a big one
we are looking for aisle 29 Bay 13
that's that's what we found online
is where that's exactly where we need to
go to find what we need for the baby
swing that's right okay checks are you
ready to get a baby swing rate for the
baby swing yeah
Kaunda Yahoo how much is that $28 is
this the right one I think that's what I
saw online think about the sucker though
is mommy's gonna take a lick okay cuz I
want to have a little leg it's the mommy
and daddy tax oh look at its like
birthday cake confetti to have a leg mmm
is it rejection
that's so good one more leg mm-hmm what
do you think I think she's nice and
secure right Rosie ready you ready count
oh you ready I think he's ready one
think they count biggie today ticka
ticka ticka are you get chicle in he
like yeah yeah I like that this is like
a little pillow yo Dee is not getting
this one cuz it was a little softer than
the other yeah can you give him another
dog like mama gives you give him an
underdog get Calvin an underdog Dickason
wow that was dieting up push it yeah do
it again
oh that's Accords underdog where'd you
go where'd he go you ready just got a
son mom and dad love the new swing over
there who's that
they just got here and we're testing my
manliness Salix it looks good you're not
joking right nicely a little scout you
got to get on here ah okay is that you
guys look like a little cocoon put your
leg up get in relax
oh you Jack yourself you're so no ii uh
uh then go rinse it off I don't know if
it's swinging him ya know fun
what do you think I like it it's pretty
good huh
got turn around and lay off mm-hmm this
is like is something like protectio like
well the thing that I liked is that it
was super easy with the just tying the
knots this is so fun
now you can lay out here and there you
go dad and Instagram and tweet don't
hold your arms like that it's too it's
too real hi buddy
what do you think is a comfy gondola
hush yeah push push grandpa swing him oh
I like this I could get used to this
yeah isn't it cozy
yes okay Jackson come on come on come on
one two three up there we go okay lay
your head down you got lay down if
you're in it oh he's like I'm done am i
okay trust me
- I scare you baby okay that's it you in
it it's like the best baby bed ever I
love it yeah do you like that Jackson is
that comfy
John Calvin to sit in there with ya okay
mmm
go to sleep Jackson you want Calvin in
there with you okay Kevin he's dying -
I'm not liking this do you need help
getting out are you trapped in the
hammock
oh you're trapped in the hammock oh no
what are we gonna do you drive to the
hammock how can we get you out Jackson
how can I get you out help
now you can get put your feet like that
now you can get out nice dismount
Jackson yeah so what the kids are in bed
they are in bed a little bit later
because they took a little bit wider
naps and around a good time aground yes
yeah we're having a blast we're having
um snacks I'm Channelle bar snacks Jeff
got these the other day and they're so
good uh and diapers just in case you get
too excited during the movie you don't
want to go to the bathroom kitc pee that
way you just you take care of your
business right there boom done best
travel tip bring a diaper just pee in it
don't you miss your done that do you
know how many times I got Calvin I took
that goo you did inside out you did
inside house so just reflect it off
everywhere I got in the car and sat a P
car for like two hours
um we're going to watch a movie Lee
invited Jarrod's parents over so they're
going to take the couch and we're going
to knuckle up on the floor in the
blanket I had a really fun day it was
one was like kind of exhausting but it
turned out to be a really fun day the
kids were cute this afternoon I'm
excited to sit in the hammock I'm just
it's just going to be fun all around
we're excited for the weekend and we
hope you guys have a wonderful weekend
too
it's gonna be great okay thanks for
watching
