ah
what do you say boy anybody happy
birthday happy birthday happy birthday
happy tu Mikey mm-hmm happy teen hi
Calvin
hi we're making breakfast
oh good morning good morning Bert thank
you Jackson is insisting that we do
birthday sing happy birthday this
morning and they we can do it more than
once I agree I think we should do it and
I want you I want you to sing me happy
birthday get blowed this out good thank
you
oh just deserve it
this is us you to get this is the third
time okay just blow that one okay no one
else okay okay the white disco sounds
okay just a minute you wait hey we have
protected you have to sing first
sing listen happy birthday to
- you happy day dear daddy are you
Jennifer sunglasses on you think so
funny doc Jarrod's just getting ready
Calvin's asleep and I am cutting some
fruit up I'm making a salad a new salad
that I've never made before has fresh
mint in it and it has a little lime
dressing like you squeeze some limes and
use a little bit of powdered sugar and
you mix all the fruit up looks really
good I don't know if I should be trying
something new because you know all of
our parents and Bonnie will be there
we're just doing dinner today and you by
name yeah I Cody E and Boston cookie and
Olivia everyone in aunt mama and Apple
Joel and Cody and you have been making
this salad say it again you're excited
what a sweet little boy you are you're
excited
good morning guys it is a wonderful
wonderful day today is my birthday and
I'm so excited
today is the day le today is the day
that you can finally drink dr. pepper
that knew about that it went by a lot
faster than I thought it would be doll
admit there are some days that were very
hard some days that I thought I would
break some days that I didn't think I
would persevere through my challenge but
alas today is the day and it's here
you're right Ellie its dr. pepper day
but today I'm very excited I have no
idea what's happening the only thing
that I know is that we're being together
with family and that's really all that I
could ask for Ellie's parents are coming
up my parents are doing some sort of
barbecue Bonnie and Joel are coming up
and really that's that's all I want is
just to be with family that's all I
could ask for that's all I can hope for
and how cool is it that our family is so
close that we can do this on a regular
basis I honestly feel so lucky so lucky
that I have my family close by my wife
and I've got two healthy boys right here
that's really all I can ask for and
that's what I'm grateful for today right
now and then of course dr. pepper right
I am just so excited to give Jer his
present today I were getting ready to
pack up this is Jared's gift and this is
for Jared and his dad and I it's
something that Jared has told me from
day one scent too since we were dating
something that he's always wanted to do
so I got something for him and his dad
and then we're just going to take an
hour today together and we are going to
go do something and I thought you know
we could go for a million maybe we could
rent something and go up the canyon but
there's still snow up there and so
something that I like to do but I
haven't been able to do for a really
really long time because usually it's
just like Jared and the guys ago and the
girls will stay home with kids I want to
go shooting with Jared today I think we
are
I think Jared I would go shooting
may I open it you may oh my goodness
this is probably one of the best things
about the day is slow cooking these bad
boys oh my gosh oh that smells so good
we just got to mom and dad's house and
you can walk in and you can smell it
just wafting through the air just like
like on the cartoon it's like the smell
is just oh it's taking me away he's
taking me away oh you ready to go hide
hold on so good whew I love it already
he's just a little boy over himself this
morning oh it's okay you're tough huh
buddy say I'm tough yeah you are you
ready Jackson are you ready to go you
want to push me okay say one two three
push whoa your turn okay okay one two
three good job high five
okay go eat your snack before we get too
much further we have to go to Walmart
cause we have to pick up something okay
but I thought it would be fun if I went
shooting with you oh really my gun oh
yeah so they open in like ten minutes
buddy this is first-come first-serve
yeah else yeah let's do it
hey that's awesome and then there's that
any that we can do it right now if we're
wanting something just to hold us over
and then bring lunch home for a mom and
dad okay we could go to that little fizz
on fry place and yeah good yeah you know
yeah absolutely yeah that sounds like a
lot of shot at either silly fun for me
to do we have ammo for it nobody hurt my
mother
Walmart Walmart okay yeah let's do it
that's so fun let's go shoot no and I'm
not really able to go with you I will
make gone like shooting with Jarrod once
we went with my mom and dad and that was
really fun that was um skeet shooting
them skate shootin we're gonna sell
gonna shoot I did
so we're good I never I don't think I've
ever shot this kind of gun no you have
to very fun it'll be a lot of fun
there you go not too shabby for your
first time le kick major but look at her
target like that's amazing that's mine
right here and this is Ellie's she you
did so good for your first time shooting
that pistol you did awesome yeah good
I'm so glad just to make it even sweeter
this whole thing I mean my birthday has
been so much fun already dr. pepper just
DM to me and wish me a happy birthday
how cool is that like subscribes dinner
we can all go home you guys already know
that Jackson was scared of his new toy
but fear no longer dad is here come
stand next to me Jackson well he just
wanted he wanted you to do it okay ready
we're gonna do the kiss one two
whoa if you race it maybe we should go
on the carpet so it's not so loud
not cool guys got your hand I'm going to
give you two guesses to who did that
they took one little bite out of each
chocolate and if you guessed me you
probably are right but Jackson got to a
sooner it was him that did it Jackson
took little bites of that Jared's
talking to his brother and mom and dad
are just getting the ribs out of the
smoker don't those look so good and I've
been watching these two as they've been
working together and I just I loved
growing up and seeing my mom down the
kitchen they'd always like do breakfast
together do dinner and they're totally
focused I have to whisper but it's cute
seeing them in here working together
getting the rib done so we're just
waiting for mom and dad and Bonnie and
Jo let's come here we're all gonna sit
and eat and have a birthday cake and fun
hey Jolie oh sorry is the baby asleep
yes your nose because I'm a terrible
human being look you're already awake
you're already awake I'm buddy come on I
see you smile all the time on Instagram
can't you give me a smile get you give
me a smile
whoa hey sister how are ya are you
deflation all your energy to like get
dressing you hear oh do you want to go
sit down let's go sit down
now that Jackson saw the cousins ride
his little car he either had the
confidence rider or the jealousy of
that's my car okay look let's write it
over here now you'd like to huh
and it goes in the table too tomorrow
we'll put in the tub for him
all right this is the moment we've all
been waiting for
I don't know who I am like nervous like
me just excited if this is so silly this
is so silly but it's fun for me oh let
me show you here real quick this is what
we have we have corn on the cobs we have
ribs we have fruit and salad and I have
invited my brother Matt to participate
in the honorary first drink of dr.
pepper Matt do you have your dr. pepper
ready that's my brother Matt okay I'm
ready
should we do it let's do it okay that
was so good woman hey hey here's to you
cheers Cheers
I don't know should I do
yeah you don't need that okay there you
go oh oh wow does it burn your throat no
it's like oh it burns it's like going on
vacation for a long time and coming into
your house opening the door in your I'm
home that's what it feels like that's
what it feels well congrats on one year
what up good job Jackson show us a
crying face you hear that Jackson um can
you show me a scary face oh can you show
me a happy face thank you
hey you got like this
what other faces are there a silly face
Wow oh yeah when you guys seem happy
birthday I want to lease a three-part
harmony okay ready
happy birthday to you happy birthday
dear
three part harmony I said eat it
Jughead take a bite of the cake they can
bite okay ready
a little bite oh do you want to try a
bite of the cake this little I can use
not a chanela smell make sure smile Wow
Boston teenager smells good smells good
smells okay I like it
I need to go say sorry you just never
know he's either gonna like it or he'll
oh I'm sorry I didn't know it would make
you cry Omaha you just want to know my
shirt you just wiped it all over my
shirt and you do the silly can hate you
want to have some Cajun half okay let's
go get a cake here is your mom's and
just so fluffy that one never get it and
dad this one is from mom and dad Griffis
oh yeah and mom mica Jackson can you
help
we just wrap it in oh yeah is that gonna
be for our future correct why I was just
yeah yeah for we look like we're gonna
need this thank you guys yeah thank you
so much this is that I just I get so
excited about these these new things
that we're doing so I'm excited you're
gonna have to show me how to use up for
special ones they got the easy is the
easy mode you're gonna have to write
your name on that's a minute this is
from my mom and dad Meachem okay pull
that good job yeah oh can you read it to
me oh yeah that's it yes give hardest
part yeah thank you
I say thank you happy birthday Jerry we
love you this is for you to start off
fly-fishing
oh how fun you guys have to go I know
wait Jared yes are you ready I think so
are you I have no idea that's the thing
and I'm so excited because I literally
have no idea we always do our birthdays
usually together yeah we've never never
like surprise each other you have like a
little gift so after my birthday I
thought I don't know but I think I think
you will love it so every day hey Jared
what time you have can't explain yeah
yeah mama must boil the other day for me
you know what time is why I was like
want read the card first happy 28th
birthday I'm so glad your dad is here so
you two can see each other more often I
love hearing stories about how you and
Dad
and and the example he is to you you are
such a good dad and I know he will think
the same about you as you think of your
death I love you up sugar but that's how
cute Jackson loved trying it on in the
store my cell phone it fits him
perfectly
so we're about due for free flights
because we spend so much chicken yeah
so tell me what you think what you've
always told me oh sorry the boxes sorry
man
Mariners tickets but for you and your
dad to go well for me is dad sure my
entire life I have wanted to go to a
Seattle Mariners game I would watch them
on TV
ken griffey jr. Joey Korra Edgar
Martinez Randy Johnson like the the
heyday of Mariners and I always wanted
to go to a game and we never never had a
chance and you know we lived in Spokane
so it was just a few hours away but I'm
always a mean it's like bucket list but
you own a toys that I want to go with my
dad and I just want to get a hot dog
like it I want to sit in the stands get
up and hot dog and so I first thought I
was like oh that would be so fun like
gosh to go down and like the more I
thought I was like no like this is you
and dad go yeah so everything is done
and ready to go you are so awesome thank
you so much you're very welcome
and Jackson was so cute trying not on in
the store by the way thoughtful like
that
our local thank you very welcome thank
you so then you can take Jackson it yeah
I think that's just the cutest thing
ever like gosh I get so darn reading ah
he's like oh yes the real genuine
leather on this one that's good we're
gonna have to wrap a wrap the baseball
around and put in the oven a little bit
you know it's good so mom dad you didn't
know I was doing that for you yeah mom
and dad knew did yet dad help me get the
tickets and everything excited yes very
I had I have no idea and I'm just like
that's a thoughtful gift like I mean
it's not something you think of every
day so thank you oh you're very welcome
Jackson taught me throw it to you in
your gloves so let let me see your glove
no she catch it I know yeah next year
we'll stick to what we usually do dinner
the movie I love you happy birthday here
catch this Jax but ran out he loved it
in the store he was daddy's gonna have
to show you how to use that month and
the last thing that Jared wanted to do
is play hard with that to the lock you
out key listen to the music
can you dance to the music dance well
what a wonderful birthday I really
couldn't have asked for more thank you
so much for everything seriously like
childhood dreams are coming true and
thank you that's one fun this month this
is this same month it has been insane
and we need to tone it down a little bit
it's been really fun thank you and I
want to say this and and I think it's
it's important for us and the position
that we're in to say this often there
are nearly 700,000 of you guys and we
have your daily support and we want to
thank you for that every single day
watching our videos and being a part of
our family going through all the changes
that we go through going through all the
adventures that we go through all of
this fun stuff watching our family grow
and develop it's it's wonderful that you
are here along for the ride with us so
we want to thank you for taking the time
and supporting us and being with us
every single day it means the world to
us so thank you Ellie
I love you so much thank you to you guys
I am so happy that thank you I am so
happy that you guys are enjoying the
merch I'll have a link to it down below
if you haven't seen it already I am so
excited that I had a dr. pepper today it
was delicious and thank you for
everything you're worried about week
cake we're gonna go have some cake
because it's done everything it's still
my birthday okay thanks for watching
guys have a wonderful day and we'll see
you tomorrow bye thumbs up if you
enjoyed my birthday
