Oh
good morning somebody has been on the
computer all morning oh my god
trying to get the video up the
Internet's so there's two Internet's
there's a fast internet and a slow
internet and the slow internet is free I
was like let's not pay for the extra
internet because it was doing fine just
so far faster internet needed to be done
couldn't connect to it call tech support
they thought I was a woman the entire
time got the internet work longer a
woman things are good huh Jarrod's gonna
get the video up we just got done
talking to Jarrod's parents and my
parents both kids missus mom said that
um Calvin is being a little clingy with
mom and that she turned on our YouTube
channel and she had to end up turning
off his Calvin was crying um oh I miss
him so much I miss Jackson grandma
grandpa said that Jackson keeps saying
mommy playing daddy plain grown-ups come
back come back
oh so Jackson misses us we miss them I
one night away from the kids is is
doable I could not physically handle two
nights away at this point in their lives
and my life I I don't I would think I'd
have to buy a plane ticket and come home
so this one night was really fun to be
with Jarrod but we are ready to see our
kids that's Jackson hi Jackson can you
hear me buddy
so we're Google biue Jackson we're gonna
go get you a little surprise okay do you
want a surprise yeah he goes he went he
went yeah daddy's surprise single bogey
we're gonna go get you surprise me
before we go to the airport we are going
to go to the M&M factory book and we are
going to go get Jackson a little bag of
a little treat all right I think this is
it I think Jack's gonna like this I
think I'd like to see it and actually
like what's inside - yes let's do it
let's go over them and I'm sure wait a
second
are you coming here because you want
candy this is always something that I
always had a hard time with this a
little kid whenever you get like
personalized things like these things
they have everyone's name on them but
there's never a Jared and the closest we
can find for Jackson is Jack which I
think Jack's yeah we do call man well
yellows peanut and this is milk
chocolate which one do you think he
likes the best I would say color not
let's do color because that'll be
brighter and more exciting but like all
of like the little license plates that
you see at gas station they never have
jared and you probably ran into that too
with your name Ellie yeah I always made
me sad as a kid but I'm over right now I
think I grew up a little bit maybe I'm a
little sad about it still this is kick
they don't have a seat for Calvin but I
think I'll get Jackson a cup and Calvin
a little more soft
Oh YUM thank you that's so cute we have
not yet breakfast yet it's lunch time
we are waiting and to get Oh Boober and
the ruler they are part will pie and I'm
seating there but I have a little snack
bag that has a beef jerky in it and just
snacks through the road so that's what
we've been eating all day is just like
chips and beef jerky in
look what Master Chief amazing as
YouTube so we are definitely hungry and
we're ready to go
you can open right now I gotta get out
right now
Elly is so anxious to get into the car
with the gift
are you excited Elly oh she this is
Calvin so much ok here is like a dead
smile oh he's so happy to see you hi
buddy hey I missed you did you try
Vermont when gamma turn the video wine
darn it hi girl not a good idea I can
sit back and talk to you
mama can't get enough kisses now Jackson
give him a kiss keep give me a cat good
mama case hey I missed you okay give him
a kiss
Oh guys so nice that's a nice and a big
big thank you to you thank you oh I know
I know I swear he's grown Oh shook off
my brother I still find a brother okay
should we do that
yes hey we'd enjoy Davina very much
right now bring miss Jackson so much Oh
awesome oh my goodness who could that
cake before Oh
Juno's only a day I'm not done with a
grandpa thank you very much did you see
me yeah frolicking Oh Jax yeah yeah come
see daddy baby hi buddy yeah I was on a
plane with mommy are you excited to see
me oh yeah and I have a hug please
oh really good
sing the whole know what are you seeing
after sir guys that sofas cute
I'm gonna get you
did you
oh I think they missed each other I do
too are you gonna sing happy birthday to
me okay bleep birthday TV is that what
ha ha ha ha ha ha hey that's my boy
are you can go with your mom and daddy
okay
we are listening to Disney music on our
way home and Joe and I like we want to
watch why don't my need a Lion King
Aladdin um we have a lot of things that
we want to watch and hop Jackson seems
to us monsters Incas there's so many
other movies I want to watch
so it'd be fun to watch of Lion King I
love that movie
well I think we would like Little
Mermaid oh yeah he doesn't know the
songs too though so we're playing and
then he's like like no I don't wanna
listen as soon as we put on the present
he's like
yes so we need to play some more
okay who's ready for a surprise
are you ready okay oh are you ready for
a present yeah okay you say what do you
say after you get in say thank you daddy
a moment mommy and daddy were in Las
Vegas and we went to the M&M store to
get you some stuff is that fun you're
counting look socks the ultimate dad
gift right shirt yeah okay do you like
your look up these are little candies in
there I'll try it now Jackson try now
you you're welcome
whoo what colors this oh yeah yeah we
got you a little shirt and we got we got
these shirts because I almost thought it
matches their personality a little bit I
feel like Jackson's kind of like the
cool yeah I got it the relax guys
confident and then Calvin's kind of like
oh I don't know uneasy kind of guy Oh
Calvin well I don't know I don't know I
am just kind of I'm just gonna kind of
wait and see what happens here so we got
the kids to bed and Ellie and I just
went basically straight up into cleaning
mode we went through did the dishes i
vacuumed out the car Ellie's doing
laundry and I was like oh my gosh our
garbage disposal smells absolutely
terrible
one think on that day so I'm like what
in the wolf happen so I got some of
these like little cleaning things the
help clean impression of your garbage
disposal and it's I feel bad it's been
like what two months our garage lights
have been out so anytime we go on to the
garage they're like okay I hope it's
sunlight because I hope that way that's
the only way we'll be able to see
finally got some light bulbs so I'm just
here at the store getting some things
and alas here we are a soda pop I oh and
I'm I'm wondering do I get some dr.
pepper in preparation for tomorrow do I
take something like this and take it
home do I take a two-liter and take it
home with me put in the fridge so it's
nice and cool for tomorrow do I grab
cherry regular dr. pepper I'm car
wondering what I should do but I really
think that I'm just not going to do
anything tonight I'm gonna wait and tell
my birthday and then I'm gonna drink a
dr. pepper and it sounds so silly
it sounds so dumb I am so excited to
have you can dr. pepper on my birthday
and I think Elly and I talked about it
we're gonna wait until dinnertime
it's gonna be hard but I'm gonna do it
one year without soda pop dr. pepper I
am ready for you tomorrow at dinner
be strong you getting that yeah ready
yeah that Debbie are you whoo oh oh it's
so much better now me about 127 years
they say that last huh it's all it's an
LED one so I shouldn't last we have to
remember when we move into our house to
take that bulb with us how much was it
it was like ten bucks yeah these ones
don't how long do you think this will
last
Oh few months yeah three three months
we're taking of bulb with us yeah we are
thank you guys so much for all the
birthday wishes it has been an amazing
an amazing past few days Jared's
birthday is tomorrow
usually we celebrate our birthdays
together and usually move out to dinner
and you know do do something together
and this is probably the first year in
the seven years we've been married that
it's been like very designated like his
birthday my birthday and it's just crazy
it would still kind of speechless it was
such a fun surprise such a fun weekend
thank you so much Jared for the
thoughtful um gift I am very excited for
Jared's I think we should not do your
local prizes because after tomorrow
after Jared's birthday we're we're not
doing I have no idea and J is like this
whole that whole Vegas thing that was
like okay this is our birthday that's
what I was thinking I had no idea you
were away today we're just gonna bite
bet your kid don't want to hear anything
I wanna hug you guys um we'll talk more
tomorrow but thank you so much for
watching we have some awesome new summer
merch out there so so cute colorful
designs onesies kids shirts I'm going to
talk about summer awesome stuff I did
thank you guys so much for watching I
got new Invisalign and today and a hurts
my mouth worried about so see you
tomorrow bye
