Oh dog topic why did you why are we
doing
good morning sweetheart
good morning guys today is the day today
is Lily's birthday I am so excited
she thinks for doing one thing but we're
doing something completely different she
has no idea she is in for a huge
surprise you are ready to go aren't you
yeah Jackson do you have a candle who is
it for he's a pink it's pink and where
do you want to put it put it in the
middle the candle I'll light it and then
will you sing to me you sing happy
birthday whoo there you love this help
Laura good job okay can we sing happy
birthday to mommy go for it you start
sing it B birthday to you happy birthday
to you happy birthday dear mommy happy
birthday to you
did you make a wish for mommy
yes oh how cute
now do you want to eat it yeah okay now
we can eat it this is all you wanted you
just want it you want a Jackson to sing
a happy birthday and you wanted a jelly
filled donut
oh is that a good donut
oh yeah yo I'm on okay that's all you
want that's all you're getting happy
birthday now it's my turn
before we go on our trip we have a
little surprise for Jackson because he's
gonna be staying at Grandma and
Grandpa's house so we have a little toy
just kind of keep them preoccupied have
a little fun you're ready Jackson what
do you think it's uh it's like uh what
does it look like you can control it
pretty and you can put it in the water
too it goes in the water and on land and
it looks like a dino it's a dinosaur
what do you think
Egon go seal yeah okay so you'd be good
with letters not go didn't okay oh okay
let's go open it
you completely changed my my idea Bert
thanks dad oh you're welcome Cera's mom
got me I'm dark on me a little card
up in it I just love the Jackson that
was so cute dropping in Lock all things
beautiful in one place I think I think I
already like it yeah well we just got to
mom and dad's house well Ellie's mom and
dad's house and we're excited we're
dropping off Calvin but first Jackson is
scared of this choice of Texas running
around the house Thank You papa
turn it off turn off I'm like oh geez
we've got to do something about that the
four-wheeler the racecar anyway mom was
kind enough to get Ellie a little gift
when she's gonna open it I'm just gonna
watch oh wow look at that did you get
that are you on your tread no mama
thankful you've got your the lapis ring
and I yes I wish I had that I have yeah
those were grandma's they were thank you
remember now I got you bring on the dark
but why dad well when I had Calvin mom
gave me that ring
remember gold with the blue that's grams
called it yeah I've never left you
before say Dada Dada Dada Dada Dada Dada
Dada Dada Dada
yeah that's my boy
hahaha okay now say mama mom laughs
there you go
that's some boy oh okay why are we doing
happy birthday
we're taking a limo you want to take a
long drive in the limo is that what
we're telling me is that what we're
doing now well let's get our stuff in
the limo and then I'll tell you
everything we're doing
the heck up right now didn't you know
like this cheering are you ready to go
on an adventure we're gonna go on an
adventure
I'm so excited thank you thank you so
much the whole limo just to ourselves
come in all right we are going to the
airport and we are flying to Las Vegas
God and we're gonna go have dinner and a
show
yeah that's what we're doing then we're
gonna stay in a hotel for the night okay
and we're gonna fly back in the morning
Jared wanted this to be such a surprise
that he even had me pack a regular bag
and then right before we left he made it
all into a carry-on bag which is big for
us and they said you're doing a road
trip so I got all these snacks we got
the Bose speaker out and you little
sneaky sneaky guy let's go to play we
want to have our kids to wrestle happy
birthday to me happy birthday to me mine
is to be extra short there is no line
Jerry we should do that like a little
five minute where they pamper you here
you know what 30 minutes off yeah let's
go do that there's no line here
birthday everyone was staring at me
that's your birthday this is something
that we never ever do and never have
really ever thought about but we walked
by it and we're just like this would be
so much fun for you to do on your
birthday Elly you should do it just cuz
it's fun
so Elly is getting ready to get 8 foot
massage yeah this smile on my face you
cannot not I think my favorite part
about that was one my feet feel amazing
but - as we walked in that it was
quietly as a nominal talking which was
you know be there one to relax but when
we got in there like we were talking to
the other guests like we we all left and
with Oliver laughing everyone's having a
great it was seriously so fun like I'm
happy happy let's go get little treat
for the airplane and we'll go then we're
gonna go to bed I can't believe it yours
told me more about the show and I'm
excited at first I was like my blood
like oh my god Enki what is that very
the pilots are letting us sit in their
chairs this is like the best birthday
present ever
Ellie what's a life
we got here to the hotel and our room
was a point ready yet and so they
upgraded us to a corner suite they said
that there that this is one of the most
requested rooms and they've upgraded up
for us this is gonna be crazy
okay I don't even know what to expect we
just made dinner reservations oh here's
a closet like really Wow what in the
world okay where's the bedroom
oh my gosh oh my god this is insane Oh
oh my gosh look how pretty that is
that's where they do the water show oh
my gosh we're gonna stay outside tonight
like that's what we're doing oh how
pretty how pretty is I don't know this
the air in here for really high but I
feel so like dizzy oh I shall probably
schmoozing oh yeah they probably have a
lush here we'll go get a lush fall oh my
gosh that's so cool oh my god how cool
this this isn't an upgrade oh wait this
is like well he said this is one of them
so yeah great this is like I feel like
this is like where the Kardashians would
stay is that what they would do I don't
know this is cool with our time we
decided we can either go walk around the
strip or we could go lounge at the pool
and I thought we're gonna walk around
I'm gonna end up getting tired and I
know I'm not going to buy anything I
actually just want to go to the pool and
just relax I host it the water is warm
I'm also lightning here where are we
going
hey you just chilling out by the Sun oh
it feels so good it's a lot different
than springtime in Utah then here are
steps up there yeah just like totally
feels like what Spring Break would feel
like I've never had like a spring break
yeah because I at my school they never
have it like BYU doesn't have screaming
right so this is it's just crazy to see
like everyone just hanging out by the
pool having a good time it's fun I kind
of want to push you in Jared was going
to get us a little milkshake and fry
before we get ready for this evening and
I am sitting here and the water show
just came on oh so I'm going to park my
Fanny right here I'm going to sit right
here and watch the water
apparently everything here has alcohol
in it so I had to like make a special
request like can you leave and did she
look at you funny she's like yeah I can
do that if you want me to as I guess
that'd be great please this is perfect
that looks so yummy
you look absolutely stunning today oh
I'm excited for a birthday dinner a show
yes that's exactly what we're doing now
if we are all ready to go it's beautiful
in here
you're beautiful happy birthday yeah we
are doing like a bucket list stuff
tonight I am so excited like ever since
I was a kid I'm excited to see
everything when it's dark and everything
lit up this trip lit up okay okay let's
go have some fun to excite you excited
we're doing dinner and a show but
there's one thing that I have surprised
you okay this is for you Ellie
do you like it you like it
yeah guys we have a big announcement
that I am excited to announce on my
birthday
we have merch we have not come out with
merch at a long time so many people at
CVX were wondering where our merch was
we don't bring any there we've been
working on some really fun summer
designs there's like four different
designs tell me which one is your guys's
favorite and for those of you that have
been asking we'll make sure have a link
down below so you guys can check it out
and now we will enjoy our night watching
the beautiful water they're gonna have a
little show in a second our room is way
up there and up there I feel like today
has not gone fast it's gone by slower
it's crazy that we woke up this morning
and we had breakfast in our house with
Jackson and Calvin we had you had a
donut with the candle and Jackson blew
it out like it's crazy down but usually
these kind of days go fast and it hasn't
we've had all day we felt relaxed it's
just like holy cow it's amazing what you
can do in a day yes
this is honestly a moment that I have
been waiting for so I was a little kid
watching uh they are watching these care
of these guys on TV
rolling up oh my gosh I am so excited
I'm glad you're excited we're gone and
such a good time
take four different colors heart because
I love you
Queen because you're my queen king
because I'm your king and then one
random one just cuz we're going crazy
tonight I'm on the stage
Ellie come here you're on stage right
now we should get into other stage Ellie
get in the box
you're either I'll do a little movie man
where'd you go
oh no movie magic Wow good luck getting
through that right
that isn't this is crazy
dummy in it
that's great thanks I just tell me to
let's go
whoa Mikey guy was so fun
you're right you're not even on cloud
nine you're on clown day has been like
accurately how much you've done today
it's 10:40 like there's still time left
for the day this is this has been like
well go grab a late night snack happy
birthday you happy freakin birthday I
like I know I like pumped up I'm excited
we just got pictures with hen and Teller
and that was awesome like seriously
bucket list like childhood rare just
can't yeah we went up on stage and I
faced them my den I was like that I'm
gonna I'm gonna color stage right now
wow thank you thank you what thank you
guys so much for watching thank you for
coming along for our birthday thank you
for all the well wishes guys I have seen
so many happy birthday wishes to me
thank you so much I appreciate it and
I'm from the sampler wait one more happy
birthday wish happy birthday Elly see
you tomorrow bye
