it is quarter to nine and I love
everything about this picture I love his
little body I love his mouth I love
these holding his little giraffe I have
to show you guys Calvin he's getting his
front teeth and he has been so sad and
he's still asleep
what are we gonna get happy key ready to
get candles huh where we are gonna go
get ready for our birthday so we have a
bunch little things on our list to get
and the car is going to get at oil
changed what are these what are they
categories for those candles are we good
you happy birthday this week with them
ok put it in the back in the in the cart
good job
what are those see thank you
Wow
I'll make you happy all day boy don't
let go hold on tight very good
you just woke up and you're all smiles I
love that did you have a good nap huh Oh
what are you looking at DC balloons
Arthur balloons and a house do you like
that we're good look
look at those balloons other fun I'm
ready mom just got home and she bought
some balloons
some birthday balloons and have a lot of
fun she's just putting Jackson down for
a nap and you just woke up so it's time
for good you want some lunch
I'll give you so much I'm gonna hunch
I'm gonna watch online Yeah right lunch
time hey Calvin
you know what you know what daddy just
did daddy just cut the cheese ha ha ha
trust me you'll get it when you're older
it's funny I'm funny I'm very funny
do you like the cheese do like the
cheesy la chaise and about to get on to
a conference call and this is probably
the most interesting conference call
music hi
ever listen to
don't know where they killed what do you
think enjoys balloons pop pop pop pop so
I was at the grocery store and I was
robbing the meet a forward to close the
door I was grabbing the meat because
tonight we're doing a little barbecue
and I saw this mom with this cute dream
eagle baby no your baby how old is your
baby
she look like she's by herself and I was
like well are you doing okay like how
are you doing mama and she's like I'm
good and then she's like my daughter
wants to say hi she was on the other
aisle and so I got Sophie today she was
so cute so sweet she wished she wishes
that Jackson was there she was three oh
so it was really nice to meet you guys
today and it was it was fun to meet it's
fun to meet people at conventions but
there's a different thing and I love
meeting people like in my own element
now in the wild shopping or something I
guess is it it makes my day like people
say it makes their day no it like like I
walked out of the store like a happier
person because I just thought all that
was so sweet
well nuts and that's one thing that I
always say is like people ask is it
weird when people come up to my cake no
like it literally makes our day when
people say hello to us my god watching
your videos so it was really fun you let
him go there they go bye my baby did you
want me to get him for you County grab
them again oh yeah here you go
wait wait wait wait wait oh uh helium
he's like you're strong guys like four
or five layers and they're all sticking
up little Homer Simpson that's cute
little Charlie Brown Oh Oh Jackson did
you take a nap yeah what did you dream
about daddy
wasu daddy hey hey are you gonna help me
wrap dad's gift
okay are you excited yeah okay give me a
good yeah
say happy birthday happy to you yes it's
a happy birthday
what can I hold it I can't lift it see
it but I'm not gonna let you hold it or
look at it too long that's about it
Legos there Legos I knew it either Legos
Olivia how come you're the best little
mama
I think he's gonna escape your baby's
gonna escape hi Bonnie
every time I'm around you I whisper
everything I'm finally able to learn oh
I don't you're not well you are but
you're not like sick yes i drugged
Bonnie I said it I felt good get in the
car come sit
Joel's working with his brothers right
now so Olivia aunt mama over here and if
you thought yesterday what the spider
was scary let me show you this what
we're people scared about that Oh people
were freaking out of it I feel bad I'm
sorry I just had to do it one
opportunity for show me so let me take
the camera we just got the grill out
ouch
I dragged it from the garage by the way
and if you look right there although
that's white stuff those are spider eggs
at least I think that's what it looks
like to me I think those are spider eggs
is that scary
right there Jackson DC it hey you yeah
should get rid of it okay I think you
should get rid of it we should we get it
Olivia yeah okay let's get it we're just
paying for a mom and dad to come over
here and we are going to grill we're
gonna have a little dinner together the
boys are happy and you're gonna give
babies ride go go go go go go go go go
 wheelie
oh wow now that I've actually like
taking it out I think it might just be a
spider web I don't know what do you
think I think it's just spider webs
I can't tell though this is one of those
moments as a dad as a human being that I
have waited for for such a long time
because there have been countless days
where you have had me do this task and
now I get to have my kid do this task
like it's so cool that I can do this
jasc in Jackson Jackson you know we're
gonna do yeah Jasper come here real
whippersnapper Jackson come here buddy
come to the kitchen grab my hand
you can bring the balloons with you come
here you know we're gonna do Jackson
we're gonna husk the corn do you want to
husk the corn yeah so we need to take
all of this stuff off and get the corn
all nice and clean so we're just going
to rip it open like that okay can you do
that just pull it down okay so let's
start up here and pull it down good good
job fufufu pull hard pull hard
pull pull up any hard yeah you did it
okay now you got to do the rest of it
this is dinner
I've got suckers for dinner strawberries
pepper and wheat look how good that
looks
Thank You Jared I've got a big smile on
my face
I was so excited to eat the steak that I
cooked that I haven't even shown you
guys everyone is like already done but
my steak oh it looks so much better in
the camera I know the corn is so good
and the secret yeah the secret the corn
he said that's in the oil guy today hey
everybody
oh we're training our kids good um the
secret to delicious corn the secret to
delicious corn is sugar putting like a
couple tablespoons of sugar into the
boiling water maybe that's why my my
smile is so big right now I'm hyped up
on sugar
was it good Jackson say girl say happy
birthday wig tell me what did you - you
drinking like a doggie look at him
Calvin was holding a little Gatorade
that Jackson left there that had a
little bit left and he ended up dumping
it and there he's drinking out of it I
go up top he's playing in it is that
Gatorade he's drinking out of it Jared
yo yeah there's like just a little
puddle in there I taste good to you hey
I have something to say to you a little
bit of a little bit of I'm hating that
here so do you know I just
okay a little bit of bird it
he is so stinking cute
alright guys he is gonna walk he not
only was walking along for an eternity
he was letting go the couch trying to
get on to the basketball hoop oh my gosh
he would not do this a few days ago okay
coon dogs like y'all hope this guy too
they look at him just cruise on oh right
he would not do this a few days ago look
at that that's amazing
what stand on his own yessuh
sometimes when he's not distracted Oh
does it oh I was wondering what that
smell oh yeah
I thought you fixed your breath that
stuff but how are you feeling by the way
tired
um alright family we have a big mess to
clean up
I think we should alter time and space
itself and get this place cleaned up
what do you say should we clean up the
living room guys
he's like I Jackson look he's like
looking for her
go get him Calvin how Q are you you I
wouldn't do that if I were you go you
don't know him if Jackson preparing a
fart worried yeah we've got we've got
acrobatics all around mommy your turn
why do you agree whoo
Bonnie your turn I knew that you're
gonna do I was just like she's gonna put
me out
whoa good job this is like the highlight
of my day is these kids who just this is
watching a play this is as nervous you
can make me feel like that like he's
like you get along gareki job to our
time
start he's like ha ha ha well the kids
are in bed and I just feel like today
was the best it was so much fun and the
coolest part about it all is that it's
just getting started
are you a week a celebration are you
ready um we're about to sit down and do
mail time Monday on my snapchat I'll
have a link to it down below if you guys
aren't following me there essentially we
just everything that we get in the PIO
box we open up and have fun reading and
talking about and everything it's great
and it's a lot more fun when you have a
little snack for Ellie a little sweeter
I have a water I'm going strong until my
birthday dr. pepper I'm coming for you
Thursday it's gonna be so good Jared is
taking me somewhere tomorrow the kids
are going to be a Grandma and Grandpa so
I'm not very really excited
I think Italy kind of knows a little bit
about what we're doing but I don't think
she knows everything I don't know any
tell me what you know you said maybe
some did with water cuz you asked if I
have my hiking keen still makes it also
maybe like a hike mm-hmm or water I
don't know we I told her I was like ok
you at least need to get some treats for
the car so we should she went grocery
shopping she got some treats for the car
cuz we're gonna be driving for a little
bit that's Jackson he's not bad gotta
get your chance to get you bailed out
get it off I'm gonna get my don't bother
Jared what do I need a pack well and
that's what I was the baby I was like
should I pack your bag or should I just
tell you what's wrong just tell me what
to pack I think I'll tell you what to
pack um some good shoes some jewelry ok
like so it's something nice like a nice
outfit can your swimming suit okay
and some underwear and some socks okay
and probably like your razor so you can
shave your armpits and I can't tell you
how excited I am for tomorrow I am
getting very excited I it's going to be
so great and
can't wait when you guys are watching
this video it will be Ellie's birthday
and we are going to be celebrating and I
seriously cannot wait to take you on the
adventure that we're going tomorrow I so
much fun it okay be fun okay so and I
just am it's so excited so and we're
driving a few hours yep
okay big shout out for Ellie's birthday
leave in the comments down below tell
Ellie happy birthday because I love you
so much and you be able to me and
tomorrow is just gonna be the best
summer I can twerk okay thank you guys
so much for watching and I will see you
tomorrow on my birthday bye
