good morning guys happy Saturday you
know today is a very special day when
Ellie busts out the biscuits and gravy
and also we may have a couple special
guests today
well we invited my parents over for
breakfast to partake of the delicious
delicious biscuits and gravy but they
aren't the special guests today no max
they are special but they're not these
special guests the special guest today
is may I have a drum roll please
everyone inside simultaneously go
my sister Jen how are you Jen good how
are you good it's good to see you
no I have to see you we're more happiest
again I was a Tuesday and with Jennifer
that means we have baby cannon hide
buddy you want to see yourself okay
cannon look huh he's here yourself Oh
who's that handsome devil looking at the
camera he's like oh yeah oh he's like
Jackson I want to see who that handsome
devil is yeah I see you oh I gotta get
this fight fight just kidding
they are like they're like one
they're both wanting to get in there yep
that nope no I think cannon Jackson no
you sit right there cheese tell them
George did you see that the same cannon
can sit there oh the cars more fun you
gotta be so rude is that your car oh no
you'll get out in a minute and give it
to Cannon huh
the bus
the daddy on the bus go free Bree Bree
Bree Bree Bree Bree the daddy on the bus
be really good morning Starshine the
earth says hello did you see could you
keep looking at gen does that look like
mommy
Calvin coming no Karen wants his mommy
who did Ken and wake up from his
10-minute nap Canyon that was naughty
latest love so naughty
Calvin woke up from a good nap you happy
you happy you say hi to aunt Jan oh he's
come home I haven't seen him grow in
person yet is it a cue it's okay it's so
weird to see him I know it's weird to
see him walk look at all these cute kids
my mouth oh is that you little puppy dog
are you a big boy compared to him I need
to pick you uh-oh
where do you think why do you like my
legs is does that look like Mama kind of
Jackson grandma doesn't want you to
nurse on on her Jackson always tells me
I'm eating like a big baby any nurses on
me and then you saw aunt mama yesterday
and nursed on her and now he's nursing
on grandma grandma you've nursed too
many babies
Gesine yeah dad real embarrass he's like
what is he doing so of course I pull the
camera round I have to show it is funny
when I plan to bed at night hold on I
eat like baby well all of the kids are
pretty occupied we have to be very quiet
we have cannons sleeping upstairs
Calvin sleeping upstairs from Jackson is
just playing very quietly and very
nicely and so we are taking the time
right now to have a little munch munch
autumn ourselves is that what were you
doing again well dad and I actually went
to the guitar store to God
I didn't bring a camera we're just
having too much fun
we we took my guitar to get it set up
and get the strings changed and
everything like that
and we had some fun playing some guitars
didn't we dad then yeah but the thing is
and here's the thing I have a guitar and
I got a guitar an acoustic guitar when I
was 16 years old the thing about my
acoustic guitar is that I feel like it
is just made from heaven above it was
not it wasn't the most expensive guitar
in the world but the way that it plays
is perfect for me and is just the most
beautiful it's set up it just plays like
a dream you practically breathes on it
and it plays right I mean it plays like
to me it plays like a $3,000 guitar and
it's just it's like but yeah it's just
it's just so good so it goes to show
that money doesn't necessarily buy
quality right always no sometimes it
does but not every single time right and
I think we got really really lucky and
dad has a really really good eye for his
guitar but long story short one minute I
picked out that guitar you picked it out
yes Oh mom dad where were you he was
probably off playing the guitar
sometimes what he was doing anyway so um
what what the whole point of was we were
playing these $5,000 guitars and I'm
just like I
I kind of would just rather play my
guitar because I like the way it feels
it fits me I'm used to it and it's
really good
Jackson hey do you want a chip okay it's
a good chip I think you have some news
that you want to share with us what do
you think do you want to say anything I
think you should say you know I'm not
gonna say it away with words that I
don't turn you words I just farted did
you say fats gas did you say pass gas Oh
what did you say best guess oh I like I
said I passed gas enough like I just
farted
yes mom how I go get Canon and we'll see
if Canon will tell them okay let's do it
okay gotcha shitty shouting I know
where's mama
Oh
there's a smile from my stick Lidia
groom okay don't make him pee his pants
no dad we try and get grandma to fear
fan well you guys are nicer when your
tickles you details we use okay what's
your big news canon are you gonna be a
big brother
ah when you gonna be a big brother stick
your tongue out if you're gonna be a big
brother
no don't have any reaction if you're
gonna be a big brother perfect but yes
that's our exciting news you're pregnant
again
yeah you're gonna be a big brother
you're so camera shy you would do
anything so how far along are you 14
weeks 14 weeks great are you hoping for
a boy or girl um if you can choose if I
mean if you can choose obviously like we
just want a healthy baby but if you
could choose which would you prefer a
girl okay
now little lu when you're born a girl i
still love you help me to cosmos you i'm
going to take a grandpa again and when
you take a grandpa how about this you
try and take a grandpa you do it yeah go
get her go get her go get her go get her
good job you did it you did it
high five buddy you did it okay before
Jen goes she has to get Lilly and Jared
Mart just some of the EJ merch you got
you ready - which by the way we're
working on something really really fun
for summer so I'm excited about it we
should find out the rest of the details
like really suit about merchandise you
look so big like Jax is growing up like
he's so tall okay maybe next week all
right Cody we're gonna show them the
handshake we've been doing k this is a
handshake between man and man okay no
one can ever break this bond that we
have created right now you ready let's
show him boom boom boom oh I forgot the
slide let's try it again
ready boom boom slide snap down down
boom yeah good job bud you did it see ya
yeah you can't destroy that bond that's
a man's bond you know you're a parent
are you wearing pants you know you're a
parent when you celebrate when your kid
poops right before bed right before you
put them in diapers
so before bath I'm more often than not
that means they won't wake up in the
middle
the night with poopy diaper Calvin poops
all the time and you just poop and we're
about to put you in the bathtub and put
you to bed another parent victory and
then of course you flash forward for
hours and anyway except for some
unrelated completely different reason
that's unnecessary whatsoever
it's just how babies work they always
find a way they always find a way
always find a way they always find a way
they always right away asked for the
little blue truck but I said no not
tonight Danny we do that I'm gonna rage
you if I could keep you little said okay
oh yeah where do you want to sleep
we keep count Jax wants to sleep on the
couch you know what I don't think that's
gonna fly cuz I think you I think you
said that you would take a nap on the
couch and you did not
did you see aunt Jen hey Kiko did you
tickle antion yay Tico God Paul and your
tickle grandpa a tickle grandma that was
silly you tickle grandma too ha
we're both lying mad and we're both
wearing Ellie and Jared it's mad at me
will you marry me two more sleeps until
I birthday how fun is that
I only very excited it's a neighbor kids
I keep seeing it's our kids I know and
thank you guys so much for watching I
hope you have a wonderful weekend go to
bed we've got a big day wake up early go
church we'll see you tomorrow thanks for
watching bye
