good morning can you smell it my door is
open to air out my sticky mess the fan
is on I am browning or searing around I
what you call it my pork roast and I'm
going to be putting it in the crock pot
today and I love before anyone else
don't else's up so I started this this
is going to take several hours it's one
mom made the other day it's really yummy
shredded pork it is so yummy so that's
my making today
Jase hey did you think good oh yeah look
at mama what it's dream about free would
you dream about a big dick
oh please daddy daddy's asleep let's go
downstairs
good morning Jackson good morning how
are you Frank
why yeah ride the bike boys guess what
mommy is out and I was thinking you know
would be so nice to surprise mommy with
hey yeah you
let's get all of our clothes change
we'll get ready for the day we're gonna
clean up the living room we're gonna
make the wig mom and dad's bed we're
gonna do the dishes we're gonna do all
those things hopefully before mom gets
home so she's so surprised
yeah when mom is home so she's so
surprised when everything is already
done do you want to surprise mama yeah
mom
Papapa le they look so good hey you want
to see it ya can have a butterfly kiss
ah I told him I was like mom's getting
her eyelashes done when mommy gets home
you give her a good butterfly kiss cuz
she has new eyelashes that's the e does
all the time that I look like like thank
you is that Elliott they look really
really good they look really natural and
not heavy the first I had done they're
very heavy and I ended up getting them
off right yeah babies in bed we're gonna
go visit aunt mama and then you will get
daddy a happy to you present yeah happy
birthday to you CODIS yeah okay baby boy
we're going to at Mama's then we're
gonna go get a present for daddy and
maybe maybe we'll go out to lunch
together and have a date that is
airplane I love Jackson like of course
you love your husband and your kids and
your parents but like Jackson is
seriously such a fun age that he's
talking I love it
I change my mind Hey look we're both
look we're both wearing holey jeans
except I didn't pay for yours to be
whole we paid for mine to be holy oh oh
I know he was pretty ticked that Cody
wasn't gonna be here but when I said he
could put Cody's toys is pretty happy
yes by Natalie right Twitter's jolla
such a bugger he always does stuff like
this just little pranks he's so funny
Bonnie it was fun to visit her she was
totally like Matt of it towards the end
her speech was like yeah like she was
ready to like go to bed
oh and something that she kept saying
she's like my body temperature is
perfect I was like all right so her body
temperature is perfect she's gonna go
take a nap he this is going to get kind
of emotional I want to show you guys
something
are they old shoes come sit down
usually he has I fit quiet time since on
Elena's bed but usually he'll fall
asleep but I have to show you guys
something while we're out and about
today you Ally Jackson got new shoes yes
you new shoes and these are the cutest
little blue shoes that he wore last
summer I just I love these I want to
keep those ones forever and then these
are the ones he got this year I just
those little ones are so sweet and
precious and they're still great shape
look at those Calvin I'll probably wear
them but I just think those are so cute
sit in side by side and honestly Coxon
has kind of uh no not funny feet but
they're very wide like they're little
pudgy wide and so these are ones that
have fit him great the first year so
that's what we got this year so those so
cute kind of sweet so Ellie took the
kids to wiggle worm to get
little Wiggles out at the wiggle worm
and I'm here at mom and dad's house
getting some work done just while
they're going out and having some fun
some things that I've been working on
that I'm really excited about are some
new t-shirts that we're trying to do so
stay tuned for that but I wanted to show
you this the situation that my father
has put me in yes no hmm there's just
not enough room Jared I'm sorry you have
to sit at the kiddie table I have a TV
tray you have a giant desk with four
monitors you have two laptops and two
monitors right there dad and I use every
single one especially on this day I just
didn't think you would treat your son
like this what's that mom I can share
your desk okay dad I'll see you later
but she doesn't listen to awesome music
while she works well I think you listen
to it loud enough that I can hear up at
her office mom's of that room are you
ready though Middleburg
dinner is good my sweet pork has been
cooking all day the kids are eating
they're doing really good job I'm super
Jared you get home
dad daddy's up grandfather going over
some stuff right now but it is so good
Calvin is eating his up I put a little
bit of cheese in his rice and Jackson
have you been eating your meat mm-hmm
take a bite Oh someone loves it when
Grandma comes over they're all rich ages
run away 10 or 12 he'll have a struggle
tooth space and then a front tooth I
know I
he has his tooth right here have we
shown it yet well just as I was
complaining about my hair last night
Ellie took it upon herself to get the
boys haircut Jackson are you gonna be a
good boy while mom cuts your hair about
2.5 seconds before you have to be very
skilled in the art of cutting kids hair
are you literally only like go get what
he gets
but he only gets about how many minutes
would you say five minutes so we've
enlisted all of our resources we have a
little bit of a candy and then we have a
little movie right here and that should
be just enough time to distract Jackson
long enough to get his hair cut it's the
little things ladies and gentlemen
that's how you get things done little
things right Jackson we'll check out
those fresh snips spin around yeah oh
all the way good job good fresh snips on
my boy did you do good for mommy yes you
did
you did so good I didn't hear one cry
out there yeah yeah yellow that's right
well this just turned into a big ol
party
we've got Grandma and Grandpa other
Grandma and Grandpa over here yeah they
just got back from visiting Bonnie and
and we got a slam-dunk whoo
you want to try Jackson I think grandpa
can make that happen
whooping Johnson Jackson you know if you
do this in the toilet you know what they
call it a whitewash oh why was he was
going downstairs in malls like Bob a
swirly yeah you too
nigga nigga and depending on who you do
it to it may be called the Royal Flush
just make sure no one else does that to
you in the bathroom okay
say okay dad dad it's really hard to get
a good capture of Calvin's mouth because
he never wants us to open it up well he
found a way I'm really I'm kind of
nervous I'm kind of nervous because
growing up my teeth were all over the
place right that that's right my teeth
were all over the place
I'm swimming in his mouth yeah I had
like extra team United that was howdy
big they are they were just like up here
I mean it was really really bad and I'm
worried that Calvin just the way his
teeth are growing in I don't I think oh
he is fine oh he's he's a route to tuna
I worried that he's gonna have those
teeth because look at these oh we found
out the best way to look at it see if I
just put him upside down like that
thank good that he laughs nazy less you
see that tooth right there I'm trying
this focusing so he's got one tooth
right there yes base there's a booger -
and then that's here so he's gonna like
his teeth are gonna grow in like
interesting well anywhere I just wonder
like how his teeth are actually gonna
grow in and I wonder if it I'm just cuz
I'm a little nervous that's all I mean I
don't think did pointy never like bother
me was I ever like ashamed of my teeth
yes good work I'm very self-conscious
okay and I just don't want I don't want
to have that you know don't help me just
fine and if not won't get it big hmm but
maybe he'll get his tea like his mama
true story true story it was about like
a few weeks after Jer and I got married
I thought sweet I can buy my own cereal
and it doesn't matter and I want a cocoa
puffs Jer didn't want cocoa puffs and I
was very very disappointed and I almost
thought you know this is could be a
deal-breaker and so I come home
Jared ran to the grocery store as for
the kids to bed and what cereal did he
get yes that yummy special cake but
really Jared what's wrong with it
there's nothing wrong with that and
there's also nothing wrong with cocoa
puffs there's nothing wrong with that so
I figured you get a fun cereal and I get
a good cereal I know but what I'm saying
is I'm surprised you brought that home
because look they're even advertising
like cocoa should be grudge Go Go bub
there's nothing wrong with cocoa puffs
no they're mmm and there's nothing wrong
totes for breakfast I was reading the
comments after you were talking about
and Sandro's anything wrong I was
talking about differences alt or do you
want something healthy but once in a
while maybe like you know three times a
week just kidding monday was a Friday a
few times is fun have that anyway that
is our night our kids are in bed yeah
it's Friday night we're gonna hang out
and make out and hang out what's thank
you guys so much for watching and we'll
see you lo I have a wonderful night
bye-bye
