good morning guys it is so good to be
home I'm just putting the final touches
on the vlog for this morning and Jackson
Calvin and I we're all just hanging out
hi buddy hi buddy
oh there's a wave and Jackson is doing
something very interesting he has a book
it of rocks here and what he's doing is
he's testing the frequency of the sound
of the rocks on the pole
show us Jackson and if it's a good
frequency he puts it in the bucket is
that good good job now try that one Oh
what do you think about that oh that's a
good one for sure that's a big rock whoo
yes sir some good rock somebody
good morning I love I love baby breath
I love stinky baby breath love it call
me crazy but not something that I love
it's like I can just smell a baby waking
up
I even Jax right now when you kind of
have stinky breath let me smell your
stinky breath come here
oh you pooped let me smell your stinky
butt let me smell your breath know your
vibe turn his body let me see you
I want to smell your breath let me smell
oh good good morning guys this is what
we've been doing all morning I think you
started the blog but we just the boys
are in their little matching outfits
it's rainy it's cold outside we are just
going we've just been enjoying our
morning together account and just woke
up from a nap so this is what we're
doing
I think if Jared if I feel like I can
wrap up enough energy in me my stomach
is kind of hurt this morning and we will
go down and pick out a garage door pick
out a few things so we'll see how we all
feel number 12 medium not we okay mom's
with us huh no just as it is Jackson to
speed
and Kelvin sorry Oh drink Pepsi memoral
I shouldn't have that ID my stomach's
are underwater just a water another
number six medium recipe water we'll get
you some onion rings - don't worry
Jackson we need to make sure you deliver
all of the siding to us in a properly
fashioned okay do you have your license
for this heavy machinery
do you have where's your hard hat you an
easily at least need your hard hat if
you're gonna drive it where's your
helmet
oh you have it the helmets gone Oh No
should we go get it I never thought I
would be at a point in my life where I
would say this I'm excited to go look at
garage doors my garage doors is not
something that you typically get excited
about but I am very excited to go look
at garage doors drugs are expensive are
they yeah I guess they're expensive it's
so pretty I love seeing the garage door
how fun is this I love ones with little
windows and that yes well there's
there's certain things where our garage
doors not I didn't even know about my
dad actually had a client who itself
garage door decor like that I had no
idea that that was even a thing
it makes it look it really it makes it
look way better I mean if you look at
this garage door versus that one makes
it yeah I love it so it's just I like
the windows in this yeah yeah try all
day opening that even busy I have
no idea how far the garage to be raise
your hands mass common technology it's
crazy we have the chains you know what
you're used to here the club has he
opened the door but now they have bellus
him belt and she was even saying she's
like yeah they have like all this stuff
built-in that if you want to hook it up
to your smartphone to open and close
your garage door it's already built into
it so it's just crazy how things change
from when you're a kid to when you're
doing it so it's like when Jackson and
Calvin are married and building their
house what kind of garage doors are they
gonna have it's gonna be crazy
I always pick the most expensive one I'm
like oh never mind
but we found one that we like so good
excited it's gonna be a lot like fun yes
it'll be white but it'll be half thick
panels and black glass yeah so kind of
look like this thicker but wider panels
yeah and we'll have the hardware on it
too and everything on a garage door
Jetson you've got your rain boots on
what are you gonna do jump in the water
whoo come jump right here in the big
puddle
do it again
yeah Jackson wants his alley off he's
like been trying to wipe it off can you
show me what you're doing
we want to off you keep saying Ali he
doesn't like that it has a color to it
he wants the color off he keeps trying
to wipe it off what can you get it off
why oh because it always it needs to
heal huh
yeah it's Ali
he's showing you guys
I'm showing you but you just showed you
is out how cute is that
and as far as the upgrades go when he
was saying um I think we won't do that
great and we'll just do like blinds or
something sometimes I sit here at the
camera see homemade since I can get
myself we've we've been productive today
we did the garage door we did glass on
the outside of the house and what was
the other one we did oh we did siding we
and and windows although all those so we
solidified all of that stuff and we're
super excited we're making progress now
it was just saying that we're probably
gonna start digging in like two weeks
and we're so excited like how crazy is
that gonna be that's gonna be like right
after our birthdays what a good birthday
present Ellie I'm excited for your
birthday I have a special surprise that
Ali hasn't you do oh this is great
I really don't think you know what's
coming I really don't and I'm so excited
mom's birthday is a week after mine so
we have to celebrate all oh in today's
the tomorrow live when this video goes
up its Aspen's birthday happy birthday
Aspen he said I'm excited first to say
I'm excited Jackson are you excited yeah
it's like goofy you I'll just talk about
first days in this weekend made mom
realize that tomorrow is tax day so I'm
running into the store to grab turbo tax
form I can't remember but I think it was
Charles Dickens wrote a book and the
first line in the book is like there are
two things that are certain in life
death and tax
and when the night of April 14th rolls
around you definitely feel at least one
of those things do boo that's the one so
there's a big puddle up here and I'm
going really slow so the car is having
them space because I want to hit this
good here we go
dad I have we were out and about and we
went to the store and I have found
something and it's just a big surprise
for you and I am I hope you like it I
hope you're ready for it okay
okay are you ready I'm ready you're
ready to see it I'm sitting down I'm
ready
ah oh great
happy tax day I so love it you're
welcome the kids are done with the car
so they're getting their wiggles out
Kelvin's climbing on anything he can
he's gonna put his head in the garbage
can
Oh Jackson just left yeah Jackson was
put climbing on grandma's back
that's it show Jackson what were you
doing - grandma were you rubbing her
back not that grandma's oh look Oh
Jackson go no go pick those up and bring
him back
put him softly soft soft soft thank you
this is what Jackson was doing he was
back step on her back yes
dream dream dream Calvin has a new trick
that he's been doing he's been standing
up on his own he's been walking across
the couch and everything and then he
lets go and stand oh my god she's like
no I'm tired I'm tired okay let's try
and see if we can show him one time it's
like I just want to play with the blacks
so before we go to bed Jackson has been
jumping in puddles all day and we got
home where we play at what guys
it is a swimming pool this is like right
outside that is the largest puddle
jumping ever Jordan pull jump for that
before we take a bath see right by in
though I don't know how do you think
Jackson should we doesn't end look at
that it's full it's a pool picture got
our own pool here you guys jump your
feet in a little
don't cuddled up Jax is it cold oh you
would rather throw rocks into the water
your hat look at this
you an Jackson it's awful now you can't
see my unibrow I got both kids down
jared has already started editing a
little bit Jackson is so funny it's he
he doesn't necessary to lay with them in
the bed anymore he wants me in the room
so I laid by him and he pushed my head
and pointing to the rocking chair he
wanted me to me to rock and not rock in
but to sit there well he obviously so
that's what I did that's what we do on a
regular basis he's just like hmm sit
over in the rocking chair it's cute it's
fun and then I rocked Calvin to bed
so anyway over to a head and say good
night guys we will see you tomorrow
tomorrow is the weekend for you guys so
we hope you have a wonderful weekend
getting ready for our birthday dr.
pepper
I could get my eyelashes done the world
okay talk to you either
oh my think
