good morning today is the day that
Jarrett's coming home yay the kids and I
it is only 8 a.m. huh and I am nice and
dressed the kids and I just went I had
him in there while I got dressed and
then we slowly made our way I made
Jackson help me make the bed so this
room is nice and picked up have a lot of
laundry going I did Jackson's hair
how'd the kids pick up the bath toys and
then got the kids dressed and made them
pick up all their little people that
they were playing it so the upstairs is
picked up and clean and ready for Jared
to come home now we are all downstairs
walk in the gate so the kids don't go
upstairs and break havoc Jackson is
watching his cousin Emma it was Porter's
birthday and Calvin's just crawling
around or you find in little pieces for
breakfast on the ground is that what
you're doing so I'm going to feed the
kids breakfast and then I'll take five
ten minutes and have my makeup down here
I'm going to get ready
today is the last day of shooting for
geekify guys and we have to start the
day out right that's that's a big
proponent for me we have to start the
day right and the only way to do that is
cake no I'm kidding we're getting some
donuts we're getting some breakfast
before we start shooting yeah I mean
well that's the thing is Ellie's defense
she's like she's like I want to have
cake for breakfast it's like no it's
just like it's like a pancake that's all
the same ingredients and stuff I mean
maybe I can without frosting yeah so
what is the big difference why is it
okay to eat a donut but it's not okay to
eat cake I don't know that's a life
question because it a cultural thing
like no you only cake at celebrations
you need donuts for breakfast I don't
know what are you guys like it's daddy
coming home today no look at me is daddy
coming home today no look at me guys
look at me nice daddy you don't seem
excited it's cuz Emma's on do they have
eggs Wow I don't pick Jarrod up till
late tonight and I got two moms and
olive and it's raining like crazy
outside and all the kids are just right
here playing with marbles carry wood you
got two marbles are you well it was Q
than they all scattered everywhere what
they were all sitting here huh playing
Jackson are you gonna help Jackson come
grab one okay this is not a lot of pot
that the kids are carrying out it's
actually hot water get your cleaning up
and they're opening up and dumping it
outside how long you had that years ever
since you moved in here no oh well moms
have this I'm worrying rid of it no this
is all under food storage room but all
growing up that's I remember is filling
those episodic
how do you make a mess you're gonna need
it like yours I know yeah yeah in our
house we're planning on having like a
big big big big store so you can filter
it and take it out
hey could you have fun working but
they're having fun mom and I have taken
it upon ourselves while mom is watching
Bonnie's kids and I'm waiting for Jared
at the airport is kind of a rainy dreary
day they don't need to go to a tree
house they're just happy the hole in the
wall okay boys everyone look at me it's
a boy Oh mom Jackson look at me are you
ready to go to a tree house yeah follow
me this way hey boys this way this way
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
you
what a great few days guys we just
wrapped up our last geekify guys shot we
did some gaming videos we did some
rocket stuff we did some sports like it
was all around good little fashion fun
barrel good old-fashioned fun that's all
a little sunburn there I feel I felt
some bad there's some people who got
some really bad sunburn I didn't I did
okay I mean it's not I understand yeah
farming wait no no this is a farmer
stand right here there you go that's
that's good but awesome
yeah we had a good time now we're just
gonna head home Ronnie's gonna flip home
Anthony's gonna drive home and I'm gonna
fly home and I'm gonna roll home oh um
so here's a little update I've got a
freaking out right now guys my flight
leaves in like 15 minutes and I'm still
a few miles away and I have to check it
back go through security I'm kind of
nervous it is a small airport so I'm not
that nervous but I'm still a little bit
nervous there's look there's definitely
this is definitely a good time to be a
little bit nervous here guys I've never
missed a flight before in my entire life
I take that back up is one flight now
that I think about it now that I have
some time to think about a little bit
but I'm kind of a little bit nervous
guys I really hope I make this point
because I certainly don't want to have
to go home on a different flight or miss
the flight entirely
and you're checking my back and there's
no one here to help me Paul is really
bad news I'm not gonna miss this flight
I've got to get on that plane
Oh
hi wise all of you I didn't even notice
you I saw
are you ready
I need you home we have house stuff to
do we have to pick out a garage door we
have to pick out we had to pick out a
kitchen
darn it
Jackson's asleep oh I want to give Magog
oh well sleep tight my friend Oh
Calvin's awake though hi Calvin
oh did you miss me
hi Jackson Hey
Hey
we happy to see dad he just walked
that's good
is it stinky
this is stinky yeah I think your boots
stinky you smell so again do you
okay I dare you
I'm not going to write in my glasses no
just punch my face no you need a unibrow
trim it's like hair trim
well yeah I need all my hairs trimmed
and it's almost like my glasses have
already been punched like Jax they're
just all messed up Jackson messed up my
glasses but after a long day of travel
we finally made it home well you drove
and I flew and I drove and you did you
just fart no I was just was that sound
hi Calvin Ted or something he's just
banging his head against the wall it's
no big deal
what were you thinking I don't know I
think I'm about ready to crash
I'm good night so that's gonna be it
from us we traveled and now we're ready
for bed we have the kids a bed of their
sweet on and we're gonna have a great
day tomorrow we're excited to get all of
this house stuff figured out have tons
of things to do between that our
birthday we have a lot is Doug relaxed
looks like my first time except for a
birthday I'm excited for your birthday
I told Astrid and Parker what we're
doing and they are I soon as watch the
video don't figure you told him so thank
you guys so much for watching I'm so
excited to be back with my family have a
wonderful night
