did you fall yes you were okay all right
hmm today you have an ally on your hair
question do you think he watched cars
with mom no it's not II guess what
Jackson I'm gonna be home tomorrow and I
can't wait to see you okay
good morning guys I bet you never
thought that I would be where I am right
now I am at an abandoned Airport and
we're gonna do something awesome here it
may involve what are we doing some
Rockets some pinewood derby cars it's
gonna be amazing
can you see those dear Jackson look at
all those deer wow that's crazy
juicy YUM yeah we are heading over to
Bonnie's house and I had to stop in the
middle of the road so that the deer
could cross we're up in Bonnie's
neighborhood and they get a lot of deer
and where we are gonna live is I'm a few
blocks upwards more towards the mountain
and so we are gonna have a ton of deer
in our backyard
that's so cool did you see him Jackson
yeah it's so cool so I think my race car
blew up I'm about to go look at the
remains
oh my gosh that's exactly what we talked
about
we brought the GoPro oh my girl's gone
oh I think it's down here the GoPro oh
my gosh Oh Krag - dude
Daryl's gonna be so pissed I know it's
not everyone on your hands and knees
we've got a microSD card to look for
that microSD card had all of the footage
from what we've been doing today and we
cannot find it it blew off everywhere so
what we've done we're on the runway and
we have everyone in a line and we're
gonna walk down and look for the SD card
this is insane it's like the size of
your pinky nail it's like that big you
guys want to get in the line to look for
the SD card
saying so we are at Bonnie's house and
before we came we said a little prayer
for aunt mama heart we prayed that mama
would be safe because she's going to get
her tonsils out and you guys know walk
across the street and and Jackson was so
mad that we didn't say a prayer for
uncle Joel he kept saying Joel prayer so
we said a prayer from coach also Joel be
safe getting the body's tonsils out too
so you said a prayer for you guys are
you nervous
you'll do just great you found it
amazing it's perfect hi he wants me to
push him really high in the swing so
we're just kind of hanging out all the
kids in the backyard grandmas over there
playing with Calvin and I'm staying I'm
staying for that yeah well I have cake
and moms over playing patty-cake with
Calvin yes you look like a little train
conductor I love you in your little hat
I know I'm gonna regret this I know I
know going into this I'm gonna regret
this but I think we should do it just
because so I can say that I did this
yeah I think we should have a handstand
contest so yeah I film it and then I'm
wondering should we give him any hand to
get her me in the end caps like you have
to be like one hand or something like
that
well I couldn't do the one hand
one second perfect as long as I fall on
Ronnie it'll land dude you're like like
a stone you're like the Great Wall of
China you did not move one bit he's just
like bucket list opportunities right
here
I just handstand contests and I'm tired
now I just did a handstand contest with
Ronnie Street stunts no I'm mad at Reza
and I cheated that's also part of the
bucket list
thank you yeah we're just getting
everything packed up and ready to go
everybody's butt sore changed mom did
you go to the bathroom did you go you
need to go because we don't have
anywhere to go
we're not waiting for you we are gonna
see how long it takes us to walk from
Bonnie's house to our new property where
our house would be a lot of people have
asked if we will be closer to Bonnie and
Jill which we will be we'll just be up
and over a little bit um so we're going
to see how long it takes to walk and mom
has a little trick back for everybody
and I figured out something with my
stroller this would always be up and
like pushing the back of Jacksons chair
so I couldn't lean both boys down I just
figured how to push this up push this
down to all the kids can lean and there
I think the boys are very happy but I
found this some swim hat that I'm gonna
make them wear well it is 256 where you
left it 240 and we have about three more
blocks and we should be there and you
know what's gonna be really fun is if we
don't have to walk if we can ride a
formula we're telling you to write a
formula back and forth to each other's
houses that's for sure so what
these videos that were filming we're
doing lots of fun like challenges and
everything so for example we were doing
a little soccer game today but the thing
is we do these videos with a little
twist and that's what makes them really
fun and we're so we're about to play a
little soccer but with a little twist
I'm anxious to see how it goes Calvin's
awake
Jackson's awake Lincoln though over
there he's asleep well only took us 30
minutes with six kids to get here I'm
not too bad
uphill huh-huh it was pretty hard coming
up hill and the grandma is grandma is
passing out some snacks and Calvin
Calvin's asleep and Lincoln just woke up
hi cutie look at your legs up in the air
look at your legs so this is gonna be
ours in about two weeks they're gonna
start it guys two weeks I cannot even
believe that that's what it is it's ours
but I can't wait for them to start
building it to week so we're gonna do a
hole for a two year old this could be a
very dangerous Hill guys you look so
tiny up there did you climb high up in
the sky
don't fall look how high that is guys
look look how steep and high that is I
liked Katie Walker wearing sandals
Jackson you have them fine you are so
okay you be careful okay this is the
ideal thing for you guys yeah when this
is just from the neighbors because so
the neighbors they're excavating and
they have a lot of their dirt on ours
but when we get going we're gonna have
tons of dirt hills like this for the
kids to play on
well the verdict is in verdict number
one I get really really red when I work
out verdict number two I am terrible at
soccer Austin are you gonna climb up
there you just gonna kick that rock yeah
you just kicked that these kids oh my
gosh I could stare at them all day I
could stare at you all day you know that
I love the jugs
just like sitting up there well we just
got back to the house and just got full
with someone I have a friend a friend of
two that I am going to go visit and I'm
very excited to see these guys so I just
got changed I'm about to have the door
the thing that is interesting to me
right now
well I think it's really cool that I'm
hanging out with you guys hey it's
asthma and parkour you guys are so
awesome the other thing is this is a
mini shake they call this a mini shake
we're what in what world is this a mini
shake with how many vlogs you guys have
seen lately you would think that Jordan
I would learn how to do sunscreen look
at this look at how like tan my arm is a
little burnt right there white right
there wow we have been seeing some Sun
at the end of April it's been crazy
I need to stock up on my sunscreen it it
took me quite a while to put the kids to
bed tonight Jackson was definitely
missing it Jared and Jared was busy so
you couldn't answer his phone and so I
was showing Jackson pictures of Jared on
his Instagram of him like with the
lobster on his nose and stuff and
Jackson's laughing he was so silly and
then about the third or fourth picture
he started crying really hard the poor
little kid he was tired
using the Sun all day so the kids are in
bed I'm going to wrap up my night and
try and hit the hay early too so thank
you guys so much for watching and I'll
see you tomorrow bye miss you Jared see
you tomorrow tomorrow what do you want
to say the future Aspen
well future Aspen thanks for hanging out
with me
future Parker I mean just okay yeah
you're doing good man see I'm like I
need to do it like future terrible tell
Ellie to wax you mean about Ellie I'm
gonna do that as soon as I can okay
these are the conversations we have at
dinner ok we talked about Yoona brows
and mini milkshakes or something like
that why do I not know this like I feel
terrible for not knowing this your
birthday is this Friday happy birthday
to zero wait what day oh it's not your
golden birthday when well on the 15th
happy birthday that's so cool
we you're part of the April birthday
month celebration what's your birthday
Parker's okay well next thing it's
alright I'm about to tell them what
Ellie and I well I'm surprising Ellie
with her birthday so that's very excited
ok ready yeah well guys that is a wrap
on today's video I seriously miss my
kids and my wife so much I cannot wait
to see them tomorrow we've had fun here
but I'm very excited to get back and see
them
it's always fun talking with Jackson on
the phone especially now because he's
he's actually able to converse and have
a conversation with me we talked on the
phone today and we talked about what he
did and how he played with Cody and just
all these all these fun things and but I
love it I love that our kids are getting
older and they're learning and they're
growing Calvin is doing all of these
great things too and I and I love them I
can't wait to hug them and yeah so thank
you guys so much for watching the video
I do appreciate it you guys mean a lot
to us so thank you very much if you guys
are new to the channel and be sure to
hit the subscribe button so you guys can
see what we're up to every single day we
post a video and we will see you guys
next time bye bye
