come here I have something important to
tell you
now look daddy's gone on the airplane
that means that you are the man of the
house can you handle that
look at me can you handle beating them
out of the house you can keep us safe
yeah okay but before we go play today
that means you have quite a few chores
that you need to do because that's some
of the things that daddy would do okay
look at me and the ice oh I don't know
if you're taking this seriously look at
me can you do some chores for me and be
the man of the house okay I think we
have us a drink under control okay let's
do this
high-five hey Ronny will you hold the
camera for me so I'm helping them play
corners
we're just playing corners that's what
we're doing corners is fun in the car
very small car with lots of people then
the sides come on in the back okay ready
this is gonna be a good one
so what are some of the things that
you're gonna do today Jackson he
literally clicked on Ellie I think I
found out what I want for my birthday
next week this thing right here this
would be very very cool so uh tell me
how's it ride tell me man you're about
to get in fine
Jackson just edited the video uploaded
it he did Twitter he did Instagram he
did emails but I'm kind of not happy
because I don't think you're taking it
seriously you're playing video games
Jackson are you at least streaming it
are you streaming it you are okay never
mind
I won't be mad because if you're
streaming it that means you're doing a
good job you're interacting with
everyone keep it up that was seriously
like one of the most fun things ever I
know our whole family at Lee's family we
want to get like a razor or something
just to do that kind of stuff but this
is our shooting location this is where
we are it looks like we're on another
planet this is so amazing and it's just
beautiful out here
this sand is so like soft cuz it just
rained oh my gosh I love I'm so excited
this is gonna be so great it was excited
I'm excited the excitement level is very
real right now over you oh my gosh
no I don't know why Jackson used to do
this but he's seen dad do it so he needs
to double check Jackson has a tool that
he's grabbing and he's gonna check under
the car and make sure it's running
properly for us and everything is safe
okay fix the car for me
so we've been out here filming all day
and it's been so much fun it's been a
blast we've had a good time and as you
guys probably know with geekify guys we
do these competitions and with
competitions there are winners and there
are losers and today I am one of the
losers I am so worried about what I have
to do this is almost might be worse than
falling into a freezing lake when your
boat made out of cardboard sinks I'm I
think I'm more nervous for this than I
was that I'd you to start winning in
these competitions I survived with one
casualty into my hand you see my fingers
shaky I got hit with something something
hard in my hand I think there's a little
blood but I'm okay I survived I made it
through now I feel like it can go out
the world I can conquer the world now
I'm the strongest man alive
I guess when Daddy and I drive dad
drives just because that's just have
been playing and since you play yeah
daddy's in the plane but I guess because
you're with me and daddy usually drives
or we're together that means you can
drive does that mean you want to drive
okay put your seat belt on well you have
to put your seat belt on first come here
sit back okay you've got it okay you
know how to start the car there you go
let's go well I think I got a lot of Sun
not near like what Ellie did oh wow
that's pretty good more tan though I
think I think I got lucky there's
definitely some people who got really
burnt
I think Darryl has some good amount of
red oh man oh oh geez that's that's
pretty bad but we took a little break a
little food break but now we're getting
ready for video 2
we're gonna blow
as we're getting ready to blow some
stuff up and this is like one of my
favorite it's my favorite yeah it really
is it's so much we're gonna have a blast
you say that every time I'm ready oh I
got the fruit but I dropped my
sunglasses I was like a line drive man
hit me again Oh
dude you're good times that's awesome
long distance I've got I've got some
moving room here okay I'm ready oh they
got me my big teeth okay okay last one
here we go darkness you want to know
what we're doing yeah this is something
very special
you you are sitting in daddy's seat and
it is way past bedtime you're sitting a
daddy seat it's past bedtime Jackson and
I are going to lay in bed and we are
gonna watch hay and you're gonna fall
asleep to Nemo
I thought it sad so fun have a special
night with you so that's why we've had
such a wonderful day it has been so fun
being with the boys we're just gonna
enjoy our night we're gonna fall asleep
to a movie we miss you dad we've had a
good day I really have enjoyed being
with the boys like one-on-one Maggie did
you just miss your daddy he you do miss
him thank you hey Michelle
this is well guys I have some good news
and I have some bad news what do you
want to hear first bad news Kevin the
bad news is this as you can see my lens
is kind of jacked up the reason is is
because we were out in the middle of
nowhere and there was sand everywhere
and I may or may not have fallen into
the sand a couple times may have been
knocked down I may have been shot down
lots of falling down and there's sand
everywhere in this camera and every time
I turn it on or off
it's terrible sounding but I just hope I
can get this cleaned and replaced now
you're probably wondering what the good
news is well the good news is we're
about to eat dinner it's been a long day
and I'm ready to eat let's eat some
barbecue how high can you oh oh my gosh
I think that takes the cake I think that
thing's the gate oh isn't this valio
brain freeze oh my gosh that's
impressive I was gonna be like okay jack
we're having a competition I don't think
I could even top that whatsoever Ronnie
are you gonna do it are you gonna see if
you can break that he's gonna be like no
I had carrots today so I'm just gonna go
this much that's a good oh and that's a
good sized one to the Leaning Tower of
Pisa fell here here's a moist towelette
I'm exposing myself and my vital organs
for the sake of brawny streets that's
generating oh well oh good I'm alive i'm
jack vale jackvalefilms and vale family
and you to make sure you come check it
out
don't tell Jared I said that no I was
watching Ronnie I was watching Ronnie
I've never seen a man work a log like
that fear what a day oh my gosh
I just realized how red my face is I
think I got burned super pen this is
terrible
Oh No I just talked to Ellie not too
long ago and she was telling me how much
fun she had today with the kids
especially tonight she hung out in bed
with Jackson and watched a movie and I
can't wait to see the footage that she
got for the day a lot of you guys have
been asking Jared when you go on these
trips what exactly are you doing you
haven't explained it very much so let me
tell you this more often than not
whenever I go out of town it's actually
filming for this YouTube channel that me
and my buddy Darrell and I started
called geekify guys and we just have a
lot of fun we do all these challenges
and activities it's super cool one of my
favorite videos that we filmed is
actually going up today right now it's
bowling ball golf I know it sounds kind
of crazy but you'll just have to see it
and it's awesome you'll have to take my
word for it I'll have a link to it down
below as soon as it is released so be
sure to check it out it'll give you a
good idea of what we do whenever we make
these trips and film these videos it's
just a ton of fun I love it the videos
that we've been filming this week are
gonna be so so cool too so thank you
guys so much for watching have a
wonderful night and we'll see you guys
tomorrow
bye Sundberg numbers numbers numbers are
measure
