he just wants to go on the plane he
doesn't even care about me
he likes place ok give me kiss hey give
dad a kiss goodbye he I know then what
I'm gonna miss you
good morning guys it is a beautiful
rainy Sunday and we are just getting
ready for church and Calvin Calvin is
just having a hard time deciding what he
wants to wear for church today
everything that he puts on he just
disagrees with and he's just kind of
looking at himself in the mirror trying
to figure out what he wants to do Kelly
on the other hand looks absolutely
fantastic in her floral dress today
oh you just like can you take it away
from oh um we're gonna go down into Yale
looks like we're you want some cereal
though right do want some cereal yeah
we're gonna go down and get some cereal
okay this is what Sunday morning looks
like Ellie and I are scrounging around
to get ready for church hopefully we can
get ready before the kids wake up this
room so yeah you're all contained yes I
really like the color choice that you've
picked there Ellie I wonder what you're
gonna do there today blend it in with
huh
so you've got the ammo ha ha go there
and trap there something like that okay
okay that's a good decision uh it's not
exactly what I want done with but you
know I think it works for you I think
you can work at Ellie um after breakfast
I've got all the kids this church
clothes ready Calvin I think is going to
have a rough a rough time in church
because you are tired he woke up at 6:30
are you angry yeah hey okay I'll get you
some food
Jackson it has to buckle Mazzone buckle
and what is for breakfast today we have
an hour before we have to go mini wheats
blueberry you did
ibaka themselves like one thing I
remember very vividly about Sunday
mornings at my house growing up on my
house was my dad blaring music while
everyone was still asleep I would get so
annoyed because it would wake me up and
it would be this classical music and I
was just like oh my gosh dad come on and
now I miss it now I miss it now I find
myself waking up and be like you know
what I want to play the same music so
here's one of the songs that he would
play a lot
funny it's just those little things that
I wonder when I was a kid I didn't like
it but now I miss it and I love it and I
wonder what things I'm going through
right now that I don't like but I'm
gonna wish I still had when I was older
what do you guys think do you guys have
anything like that you mom was a good
example do you want mama okay let's go
get mama we're on our way to the airport
action I'm dropping Jared off because
he's going to go do some more filming
and I was like why did I not bring my
sunglasses
I brought these sunglasses and I left
but I always forget it in the car
because they're my purse that ever had
first I brought the kids is back for
church and stuff and so I said these are
like Kelvin size and
Jared's like their son
hey Gus they look good on you
it actually worked off it actually works
though but my eyes are tired with the
Sun I have to drive quite a ways home
it's a good thing we've had an hour
drive because the kids were exhausted
they woke up early we went to church ate
him like this sit for an hour and then
they got in the car like all knocked out
yes and that's the thing as I love like
they our kids do so well in their car
seats they just song Jackson did have a
little hint of waking up and you know
what he did
he just smiled I'm like what are you
thinking why are you thinking right now
with your lil helling asleep and when
you're barely waking up like what are
you thinking to make you smile
yeah he's just so sweet I love that
little guy I'm really anxious to see how
this is gonna go hey Jackson knows we're
at the airport and we thought oh he
loves planes more than anything and
we've told him that daddy's going on an
airplane and so I'm just kind of nervous
to see how he reacts when I go in he
stays so I'm gonna be sad miss you know
I'm gonna miss you guys
yes you too but we're gonna have fun
yeah we're all gonna have fun we've each
have plans and we're gonna execute a I'm
gonna film I need a white buds away and
cuddly I can wipe my own butt and one of
these nights I'm gonna put Calvin to bed
early and me and Jackson should I stay
up late and my bed and I'm gonna see if
you want CeCe
okay Jackson daddy's gonna go on an
airplane okay okay yeah daddy's gonna go
on a plane can he'll be gone for a few
days but he's gonna miss you and love
you okay and you want to go on the plane
huh do you want to go on the plane he
just wants to go on the plane you don't
care about me
he likes place okay give me kiss hey get
daddy kiss goodbye he I know anyway I'm
gonna miss you give me kiss I love you
Jackson you know what you have airplanes
at home Chuck so we're gonna get your
airplanes out that we're gonna play with
them high in the sky okay I can't be
away
yeah he's away by mr. snaggletooth
I'm gonna miss that little friend I was
just gonna say I hope he has another one
popped by and beautiful little snack for
Jackson to make it happy I'm gonna cry
my favorite okay see you soon yep - the
fightin by Jackson
my
day in northern Utah to a beautiful
beautiful rainy day in southern Utah
we've got water all over the place this
is crazy and unlike it but I love it I
love a warm summer's rain well it's not
really summer but a warm rain is great
okay I've got to go check into our
little Airbnb we're gonna meet up with
everyone okay Wow look at this place
not too shabby laminae know dr. stabby
looks really good so I bought some
things that I was specifically missing
for this trip and of course what I did
is I left it in the car with Kelly I'm
in it some of those things are including
but not limited to hair stuff that's
what my hair gets really high like it is
right now shower stuff that's how I
smell a little bit more better than I do
shaving cream so I can share all of the
hair off of my face which is a lot I
know and of course
toothpaste yes I believe I finally have
all the things I need to look better and
to smell better now if only I could get
something to help me remember things
that I forgot in the car that would be
wonderful
on an unrelated note can you believe
this view that I have it's amazing
alrighty guys we got the entire crew
here getting ready for the week's
activities it's gonna be awesome
thank you guys so much for watching bye
see ya
