good morning guys if by golly I think
I've finally done it
I think Ellie and I finally got the
office the way that we wanted to look
clean nice and crisp at least I think so
given the given the current situation at
hand this is the best that we can do so
I'm about to show you our office
de Papa but the pilot the Papapa Papapa
look there's no snow stuff on the floor
except for these things I remember the
last time I did the time-lapse there was
like one piece of paper on the floor I
was read and everyone's like Jared you
forgot that I was like oh my gosh when I
was editing it was driving me crazy
I hooked up the third monitor there
because I'm about to do some console
streaming too so that's that's going to
be helpful and we also got the closet
all organized too so that looks way
better than it used to before so things
are good on this Saturday we got it all
cleaned up now we're ready to go on an
adventure
what are you excited for tell me you're
excited for turn cute are you gonna ride
the train yes we are going for a ride it
is Saturday look how beautiful rican
gorgeous this weekend
it feels really good outside 66 degrees
it says it's a little chilly outside
but it feels so good we're taking the
kids over to the same place where we do
the animal days yes yep so but they have
animals but it's not like what it was
last time I think I might get a pass
cause it would be fun to bring the kids
here like just you know don't they do
like mountain man stuff they teach you
how to start a fire with flint and steel
and it's just like lots of cool stuff
that you have you I guess now so I'm
excited to go and spend our Saturday
afternoon together
with songs they have let's go Jackson
what did you think of that you wrote the
horsie you kind of want to buy it but
that got you warmed up to them
did you pet the horsie with the horsie
nice are you gonna sit on the horse next
time okay here we go find the Train oh
the cars should go right on up
I wish I could fall asleep happy on
three
I think something very special today it
like warms my heart going to see like
farm animals my you know Jared's mom was
a farmer my mom with the farmer and I
have a kernel but my mom is a farmer and
and I I think half of it you know it's
in my blood and then I was able to raise
chickens my parents got my chickens and
I just I loved that I was able to like
sit there with Jax about he Pat no baby
chicks and you know it's we can't get
like all this right when we move in but
eventually and years to come we'll have
a little chicken coop and I want to have
my children experience some of the
things that I got experience and it just
was a really fun day how fun would it be
to build a chicken coop like what me and
Jax gonna go outside
yeah we're gonna go jungle Kevin uncle
Bo grandpa like we don't need all
they're all educated they all built my
chicken coop so we gonna say ah do it
yeah have you had a faith in your
husband oh of course you can we made a
little lunch stop at Bonnie's and she
got poor thing she has not been doing
very well and I said let's let's all
take the kids to Grandma and Grandpa me
come I wonder what the baby looks like
oh I know maybe we'll have to go look at
it guys I don't know there might be
monsters down there
are you okay place your finger you doing
fine
you swing in my love baby boy I'll swing
right next yeah I'm scared but I think
this is what's fun is they can come over
to grab a cup of meat guns you know
grandma grab a meal and you don't come
over to my house we go to Grandma great
oh yes they're so cute it's yeah we
really are
just set one big family we all just kind
of hang out I don't wanna do the monkey
bar school in Cleveland and then we fix
the chairs is it cool up there I would
like scared about the unblinking Oh be
high
those are behaving there's two is there
yeah there's one on the side of one of
this on the inside is there bees in it
I think small that is something you have
to go look out I would hate them to
steam you guys yeah hi hi
the kids have reported that there's a
couple bees nests in the treehouse and
I'm doing my duty as dad and uncle to go
take care of those bees and ask for you
guys okay but there's a wasp inside it I
know it's a risk I'm I'm willing to have
I have to take okay Olivia I might not
come out of there I might be stung but
I'm gonna do it for you three because I
want you three to have fun up there okay
I want you to enjoy yourself bug free be
free what if you die I'm gonna die so
come on in and bring give me a hug
sweetie get sleepy don't die and you
just got stained then it'll be worth a
hard battle okay I'm scared I'm going in
throughout my history of be killing
there's only been three instances where
I've almost lost my life it was the
summer of 95 biggest business I've ever
seen in my entire life I mean it was
probably the size of a volleyball then
we had the spring of 2004 it wasn't a
very big one there was a the queen bee
was after me and I did every whatever
brave man would do I took him out that's
why I'm bringing along Jackson he's
gonna scout out for me make sure we have
everything that we need it's gonna help
me get this business all right Jackson
are you prepared to go into battle with
me let's go ah where'd it go well I
already know Calvin's answer hisses no
to playing hot potato I'm not gonna play
hot potato
mom dropped the hot potato I did good
luck she's going in Calvin can hear it
feel it
got the pianist pianist my juice my joy
is gone
yeah do you eat that last bite you get
to have something special
ah good job that should go one step
further just trying to do my keep right
well you know just one bite is three
times we look at that
what is that Jackson Eagle okay okay
Jackson can you say goodbye to Grandma
and Grandpa goodbye Jackson thanks for
letting us come over for dinner that was
a lot of fun okay let's go buddy
dad yeah daddy's guitar let's go
creampuff
thank grandpa's was right there yep
that's right yes yes we sure do oh my
gosh Ellie look look at that you are so
I want you to look at the back of your
neck right now can't you do it why can't
you do it
you are so burnt dang it
I'm sorry being burnt is not fun
when popcorn is so much fun and that I
was having fun we did good we had
sunscreen and everything I'm sorry honey
that's not fun and you know what the
first thing that I think of what is
baby's nails like I don't have a sunburn
and you have a baby who's just like
clawing at you that is probably like the
most paler fast oh my gosh like yes
seriously seriously it is the worst hon
I'm sorry that's not fun we just got the
kids into bed and now what we're doing
is we're actually sitting here in
planning Ellie's videos you have a
couple videos coming out on Tuesday no
you have a video coming out on Tuesday
and Friday right yeah we're just trying
to figure out which ones we want to
launch first because Ellie was proactive
and has like five videos done already
what on my birthday should go up to my
channel 25 facts about me I have to
really think so I feel like you should
do how many you're turning 25 aren't you
okay so that was gonna say you should do
how many years you think really your
thinker I was looking at my face when I
was washing it and my forehead is so tan
like just the past like three or four
times you've been in the Sun it's like
just my forehead like my face is all red
but my my foreheads I tweeted what's it
like to have a forehead I have a five
head it's a five you give a wonderful ad
you know everyone knows big I guess not
everyone I must be laughs more fresh
wait what hey you're talking about
foreheads now yeah no no okay thank you
guys so much for watching our blog today
we had such a fun day with family yeah
it was a great we hope you guys have a
wonderful weekend and as always we will
see you guys woman Donna
Boyka Boyka more reporter baby
