hey guys its future Jared I'm Jared from
the future before we start the vlog
today I wanted to include some footage
from yesterday that didn't make it in
mostly because I forgot that it was on
the other camera so check it out enjoy
yourselves
it is Jackson and Calvin having a great
time with their mom playing at the park
1 2 3 ready 20 Calvin he is like he
walked along everything like he'll stand
over here he'll walk over the door he'll
walk over to here this kid he's gonna
walk away before Jax never did I'm sure
I don't know if I want you to maybe you
should just keep crawling
no I think you should crawl you just
galvan oh sweet
good morning guys today is one of the
first days that we helped the calendar
completely cleared and empty I'm really
excited for today and what we're all
going to do first it's cleaning time I
got to clean out Jackson's car seat the
kids are happy just much nonsan cereal
and chair I'm so excited nothing on my
calendar today we could do ever we want
awesome thank you again
we have found the me ball we have found
the me ball show us the marble oh my
goodness
we've looked so much in this car we
finally found it
but we're still using the blue one I
don't know where it is Jackson who's
this one mmm
say it late if I forgot well he he
called that one grandpa and the blue one
was grandma yeah it's been a long time
is that your marble say marble whoa bebo
I've got water sunscreen snacks diapers
everything I think we're good to go
we're ready to go on an adventure it's
been a while since we've gone over the
adventure do you want to go on an
adventure yeah let's go on an adventure
I have to just give a little fair
warning first before we leave it's it's
a beautiful gorgeous day outside we love
going on hikes but this is the first
adventure like of the year that we're
going on and that means something a
little embarrassing for me it's the
first time that I'm wearing shorts
outside today I'm really sorry if I just
blinded like 90% of you guys with my
really white legs but that's gonna be
fixed because we're going on adventures
we're going on an adventure are you
ready Cal are you ready young man yeah
get your little hat peekaboo
you smiling hi
my dick is tired
we just pulled up to the adventure zone
to go on a little hike a little walk I
wouldn't I wouldn't know if I would call
it a hike it's a walk but this is the
first time that we've done it and our
boys fell asleep they fell asleep right
even before we got there so we're just
kind of hanging out waiting for them to
wake up a little bit and I had no idea
this was even here this is our backyard
this is pretty much our backyard there's
there's a little creek right here so I'm
gonna gonna come and jump across because
I didn't know that was here so I'm gonna
come over here the kids are finally
awake and we are officially starting our
first adventure are you excited are you
excited huh yeah
Calvin's having a good time playing with
his hat it's just beautiful out here
what hey Calvin this probably was a very
spread stroller friendly pal
don't control everything's good
just let the kids go pull the brake and
let it go
Oh
Oh
you
you
Jaxson c-rob finder not only found the
best rock but he found what else did you
find on this rock show me what's in your
hand oh you found tons of little rocks
on the big rock a big that's so cool
yeah what did you found some grass and
bugs in a sandwich table now this is by
no stretch the wilderness but I think
it's pretty cool that we have all of
this free area up here and basically
what is our backyard but one thing that
I'm even more excited about is is
Jackson me and my dad going out and
doing adventure stuff my dad is just
this big adventure guy yeah I would
consider him a mountain man and he saved
moose poop and glazed it and like you
guys saw a while gonna wash like your
dad is a mountain man and I'm so excited
because as when I was a kid we would go
up to our family cabin and we would just
go on these long long walks and dad
would tell me all of these stories of
things that he would do and he was
younger all these adventures that he
would go on and he'd go into great
detail about the kinds of trees the kind
of berries the kind of prints that you
see out in the wilderness and he'd be
like okay those are service berries
those are really really good and if
you're ever in a pinch and you need to
eat something the service berries are
delicious this kind of bark is good and
it tastes like this and you know he just
knows all of these cool things so I'm
excited to experience those things again
with Jackson and with Calvin and and
have those adventures because now that
mom and dad are here we're gonna have
those even more and I can't wait for
Jackson to learn about those things that
I learned that I kind of forgot you got
to keep up on that stuff I'm just happy
that this summer is going to be filled
with a lot of great stuff and and I like
coming out here and it's I don't know it
sounds kind of sappy but when you come
out here into the open air into backyard
the wilderness it's like introspective
it makes you think and you take things
from a different perspective I mean I
look out here like look at that Boulder
that's a nice that's a
great Shrek quote by the way that's a
that's a great book sure it's something
like I didn't even say this but like as
I was walking up I was like I'm gonna
make sure that I just a lot this summer
you know it's like me even though we're
filming and stuff but it's like we're
getting away from like social media
we're like up here being together where
it's like it's just nice mm-hmm
it makes you think and it makes you
think differently I think I think I
think it makes you think differently
about different things I think something
like that but I enjoy this I enjoy
sitting on sitting in outside with my
family I love you Jackson I love you
he took a shoot quote we're in a little
bit of a pickle here
I thought Ellie at the keys and Ellie
thought I had the keys the car is
unlocked thank goodness it wasn't stolen
we're scrounging the vehicle for the
keys right now they're not in any of my
pockets um this is kind of scary guys
check the stroller checking the stroller
right now that's a negative on the
stroller keys are not oh here they are
found oh ho my gosh that scared me end
of the block yep vlog poopy diaper okay
Jackson can you tell her what you want
when we talk about the lyric cookie
dough ice cream calleman is having his
very first ice cream cone I'm just gonna
give you just half of it Kay Oh what can
you like it
look it with you under you come or don't
so yummy
is it yummy oh my goodness reproduction
happens for that ice cream we go
okay so yummy world you love it
there you go I'm playing a mean trick on
you here you go there you go here you go
fight my now give it to you you love des
you like it do you like yours Jackson oh
good
grandma Graf we're here too and we got
some squeaky cheese dykes we cheese sure
do
how'd you like squeaky cheese yeah you
okay well I've shared enough last bite I
cannot believe that that's what you did
and what do they do about it I can't I
just can't even believe that they did
that okay with what you said to them and
everything did you knock their socks off
that was a fun day being with family
going outside on a walk and just hanging
out with each other it was great I had a
wonderful time and I hope you guys did
too if you did be sure to give the video
a big thumbs up if you guys aren't
already subscribed be sure to hit the
subscribe button and as always we will
see you guys tomorrow thank you so much
for watching bye bye
