he's putting M&Ms in his pocket what are
you doing
you're putting M&Ms in your pocket okay
will you save them for later okay okay
you save them Calvin are we getting you
dressed we're getting Calvin dressed for
the day and guess what you said this
morning Calvin says mom quite a bit like
your mama mama and there's there's a
handful of times where it's a distinct
like mama and today's at the door and I
picked up mama you know who mama is same
mama
shut up
Tito I turn the camera off say mama
Calvin say mama teach I'm Jackson
I left you boys and your poopy diapers
mama
one more time say mama well if I'm gonna
be honest with you I'm very excited for
today I'm very excited for a few
different reasons reason number one is
we are getting things picked out for the
house today the outside of the house is
almost going to be completely picked out
and ready to go
siding roofing all of that stuff very
very cool it's it's exciting to build it
in your mind and then see what it's
actually gonna look like when you go to
the store and everything
I don't even number two my dad and I are
gonna do something that I consider to be
like the future like this is it's so
crazy to me it's so exciting and so new
and it's something that I never thought
that I would be that interested in but
I'm very excited about it because of our
current situation with Ellie and I
looking at cars oh and how can I forget
reason number three we are actually
going out to dinner and lunch whatever
Leonard dinner early dinner or something
like that with Mike and Ashley to go
over a lot of things with the dance-off
I'm excited it's a very exciting day
we've got three big things that we're
gonna do okay and we've got to go I
guess Ellie's like Jude we got to go for
on time crunch we haven't we have
appointments we have meetings we have
things and Jackson you're still not
coming down the stairs yeah we're gonna
go to Grandma's let's go to Grandma's
Jackson guess what grandma oh you get
your camera still
grandma has got new toys just for you to
play with it she hid them somewhere in
this room I think we should go find them
should we go find the toys let's go look
for him
are they gonna be let's look around this
corner let's go oh I think I see
something look under the table Jackson
look under that table keep going oh my
goodness those fine toys look at this
Jackson what's this it's a truck what
else is there sure that's so fun that's
so fun thank you so much for getting
those I love those that's the
responsibility of a parent Oh dad don't
be 100% line those toys are for you too
so we're trying to figure out where the
rock is gonna be where the siding is
gonna be and we're looking at samples
here and if I were to have to choose
we're just gonna say I want you guys to
guess first which color yes which one do
you think we're looking at just out of
samples I think I like this bluish grey
one man that's a little dark but I like
that and then I really like that so if
we were to if we were to do two
different ones I would do a light one in
the blue but so far I really like this
one what do you think I like that one a
lot
I think it'll look good with the rock
that we have our date has been really
good but nothing has been working out
according to plan and we had a lunch
meeting and unfortunately and people
were 6 and we were able to do that we
came to the supply place to pick out the
hardy board but it wasn't the place we
were supposed to pick it out at that was
actually the door place but they're
changing doors so we have to come next
week so they gave us a pamphlet so I'm
looking at doors through the pamphlet
it's just like we drive all the way down
here it's like nothing's working out
it's gonna turn up so we're gonna go up
to the actual siding place and go look
at their siding
let's go let's go mom has built every
home that she's lived in and she loves
the process and so far I really love the
process but mom is kept asking me what
have you been asking me all day are you
doing okay yeah are you okay the process
that you don't okay I like that mom is
here to it yes so to keep us grounded oh
yeah she's been a good home and you
don't over budget I mean you want to be
here right but today it's like I just
tweeze out our whole dog's gonna be us
just running around not knowing what
we're doing we've gotten to in wrong
with their heads I'm gonna do the rock
store we went to the outside store we
went to a painting place that gets like
there's so many things that we do and
that's like oh well you need a contact
the wrong place to figure out what their
expectations are it's like we're going
back and forth we're just running around
and dad always says the moment they dig
the hole you're halfway done because
you've gotten a lot of that stuff over
your head so we're excited it seriously
is just really soon that we're
officially going to be digging the hole
but we have a lot of stuff to do still
but we're pooped out it's noon and we're
gonna eat lunch and then we're gonna go
home grab Jackson and just like
rest the rest of the day like I'm done
for the week I have never eaten here and
mom it was we had just looked at the
Salt Lake City Lights it was around
Christmas time and I was sitting on
mom's lap I was only like 7 maybe 10 I
was I was sitting on mom's lap in the
front of suburban wasn't in a seat
wasn't as he felt my dad they did push
it like this mom mom had me on her seat
and we drove we're on the freeway and I
said ah that place looks good and
everyone thought it was funny
and I've never been there and I've
always wanted to and he was even on one
sub bucket list a few years ago I was
like I want to go to Red Lobster I've
never been there so Jared and mom are
officially taking me to Red Lobster I've
never been say to you what when you when
you said that looks good I should soon
have a good taste yes I have good taste
I'm not only excited to eat lunch I'm
excited to actually mark something off
of our bucket list yeah I think it's
such a silly thing to have but it's it
no it was one of my new year's
resolutions like when we were at BYU
yeah we never went nope
and there was one like literally right
next to us but today's the day what's on
your bucket list I think I'm gonna get
the new steak house lobster turpin it's
our future turf and snarf this is my
first red lobster meal you guys have got
to see this you've got to season mom
will you show his legs guys this is
hilarious
why are you sticking your leg out that
was so funny
Jared said he was doing that earlier and
he was doing that chairs on a phone call
right now so he's probably be quiet
learn that that was so funny here okay
yeah you got on your phone how cure you
did I miss you more than you missed me
that is so cute grandma's brother just
missed each other so much
look are you sharing Jackson Tantra I'm
so dirty
did you miss your daddy
did you miss Calvin you were so excited
to see him huh hey mamacita so I think
it was item number two or three on the
list today that dad and I were going to
go to Salt Lake City because we have
other business to attend to down there
but we had scheduled a test drive with
Tesla we're gonna drive around the model
ask just for fun just because we're in
the mood to do all this window car
shopping and everything so we couldn't
do that we had to cancel our appointment
but we're here back at the Ford
dealership to look at the trucks again
and I have dad with me because he's a
professional when it comes to this kind
of stuff watch your steps and we're just
gonna have a little fun looking at
trucks spot found release steering wheel
shift and reversed I am in Reverse my
hands are off the wheel
whoa
then can you believe that taking say my
dog please cave lay down on your bed
Jackson okay Jackson that's not nice
so now that we're home everything's all
wrapped up I feel like we did a lot
today but we got nothing done that's
exactly how I would feel like it's crazy
but it's just part of the process of
building home it's it's crazy exciting
fun a drill adrenaline but it's also
like tons of stuff that you have to do
and tons of it for me I think all we
need to do is just be a little bit more
organized when we go out and like do all
that yeah a few things Anita we have a
plan for I have to write the budget next
- what's your budget for the rock oh I
don't know what you chose the most
expensive rock oh yeah so we have a lot
of things we have done I just
hi what you doing and you're editing
Elly is working on like how many videos
you've got five videos that you have to
edit do like house update videos we
haven't had much of updates to do but
I've been kind of trying to schedule
those and figure out how we're going to
do those so that's it thinking what the
thinking is going on she's planning out
so if you guys aren't subscribed to
Elias channel have a link down below be
sure to subscribe to her Channel our
Channel and we are gonna just work
tonight the kids are asleep so we're
gonna edit we're gonna have a fun
couples editing
sesh should I go get me I was just gonna
say should we just go get like a little
snack little snackaroo health snacks
like what are your favourite nighttime
snacks let me know in the comments down
below
Oreos chips cookies anything with sugar
thank you guys so much for watching and
we'll see you guys tomorrow bye
