okay this seriously has to be the cutest
thing that I have ever seen
Jackson is truly a vlogger son is that
your camera buddy oh you've got it on
are you vlogging yeah
Jackson has his little bag here and we
packed some things in them because he's
gonna go hang out with Grandma and you
guys are gonna do what okay yeah you're
gonna go to the wiggle worm and he made
sure that he packed his camera I am not
even joking he packed his own camera and
I just think oh my gosh that is so funny
what a kid and maybe he'll grab some
footage I'm hoping he does that would be
really really cute I had to say Ellie is
totally kicking butt when it comes to
filling videos today I was just at my
parents house for like 30 minutes she is
still out there filming Shh I think I
heard that you should keep lipsticks for
about six months
oh hi how's it going good keep rolling
there's a big one ready oh good morning
buddy how are ya hmm did you have a good
nap we just got a lot done Calvin we
just filmed five videos we film fine
videos while you were sleeping can you
believe that we're so I
Jackson doesn't know you're coming so
should we surprise him okay so bonnie is
not feeling very well today and we have
to go down to pick up our official house
plans and everything so I thought Lee
what the one board oh sure you can write
it before we go she'll go say Jackson
say hi to him
okay so my newest express Jackson
what happened Cody here hug did you hear
did you hear him
he said hug was he not happy oh sure he
has been he's been every time he wakes
up from a nap he is like moving good was
he saying Cody yeah he was this is Cody
air attack yeah he should we get the
longboard out oh look at his face oh
those are friends some treats from
Grandma yeah cake we'll go let and you
boys play for a minute before we go down
okay
seriously you just made Jackson's day
you really did Cody you just made
Jackson the happiest boy alive
yeah Bonnie's not feeling very well so
we're gonna go run our errands and
Cody's gonna come on are you excited
maybe we'll go get maybe we'll go get a
milkshake and some french fries you shut
your mouth right now cuz I'm
I'm now the most excited voice entire
planet yeah we just got here to the rock
store where we like initially made our
decisions on what's Rasta got maybe I
can get my thoughts straight cuz you
guys are having too much fun making an
ice cream you remember Wendy when we
share can you and Calvin share it what I
was trying to say is that we have our
we're here at the rock place and they
made us a little sample of the two rocks
that we like and mom Wow mom looking
snazzy today your hair looks so good
well we got our house plans on paper and
that's what they need to see exactly how
many square feet of rock they need look
at that Meachem residence makeup
residence I'm so excited that looks so
fun let's go
are you excited to see your mom so this
is it right here this is rock the sample
that they made up for us what do you
guys think I like the blue and I like
the tan I think it looks really good I'm
excited it's so exciting that all of
this is like starting to come together
gosh we need a new camera this is what
it would be like with three kids I think
we've got it down all right I'm not
ready for three kids yet um Jax are you
doing well Cody Duma um we had a lot of
fun officially getting the rock done and
thanks ooh and tomorrow morning we're
going to go down and pick out the hardy
board the siding that goes on the house
but while we're down here they have all
the kids stores at Carter's Gap Old Navy
all in one strip so I'm going to walk
down the lanes and look at a few spring
stuff for the kids let me
would you look at me I'm like Mila but
can you do that
whoa
yeah yeah you can do it
there it is yeah I hear it
these boys are having way too much fun
for their own good aren't you guys are
you having too much fun yes yes say use
yeah hey you did you have fun today
yeah I had fun with you thanks so much
for coming with us let's go take you
inside ready yeah let's go all right the
muscle has arrived you want me to move
things for you yeah ok can start with
the piano all right strap it to my back
and I'll carry it wherever you need me
to I'll just leave while you take it so
he paid it all in here today this that's
it looks great yeah looks way good it's
a lot brighter in here than it was it
definitely is you know I'm really why
people have such a hard time moving
pianos
I literally just move that piano from
right here you can see the divot in the
ground from there to there with one hand
that's really all it's not great is
because you worked out yeah that is that
actually I hurt my shoulder too that's
the reason I only had to use one hands
cuz I couldn't use this shoulder just
hurts so much so ok I knew you were back
yeah
anything else you want me to Eddie which
I'm going to move your refrigerator or
all three of those or something like
that
I'm muscles actually we do need the
refrigerator that's right that's right I
remembered now now let's concentrate on
the desk desk remove this bookcase let's
do it
well you know kitchen bed you must be
giddy else you know how I roll
Jarryd Hayne SpaghettiOs I love him I
don't I like Sam do slimming fun guys so
the other day Jared's goal for you guys
was to try and get us to 20,000 thumbs
ups you guys did awesome
you almost got there but you didn't
quite make it so maybe if I ask guys I
think you guys like any better than
yells I think it listen better to Ellie
no but um today was a wonderful day it
was so fun we were busy we worked we
played tomorrow we are doing more house
stuff were really excited so give this
vlog a big fat thumbs up let's get it to
20,000 thumbs ups guys are excited to
take you with us tomorrow to go look at
more stuff for the house this the cool
thing about the house is that there's
always stuff that we're going to be
coming for a long time so small summer
is way we're very I love it thank you
guys so much for watching bye
member
