Rissa kid it go
well guys it's a new month it's a new
day it's Monday and today I'm doing
something a little bit different than I
normally do something that I used to do
a lot in the past but I haven't been
doing lately because well I've just been
doing other things and I well right now
I'm actually looking for a binky is what
I'm doing I am actually gonna go to the
gym with Ellie today it's something that
I totally need to start doing it's
something I need to do to feel better
about myself give me more energy and
involvement and doing something with my
wife so that's what we're doing is we're
going to the gym today I'm looking for a
binky I can't find a binky for Calvin
just need a little binky for the boy
just a binky boy but I'm excited it's
been a long time since I've been to the
gym and it'll feel good and that's the
thing about working out is you have a
little apprehension a little nervousness
before you go but as soon as you're done
you feel so good you're like why why
does it take me so long to get to the
gym why did it take me so long to to get
the courage and get up and go and just
workout that's how a lot of things are
in life you just once you get over the
initial fear the initial hesitation it's
great and you're like why haven't I been
doing this forever so I need to remember
that as I go to the gym and want to go
more and more and more it's gonna be
good you ready oh my gosh here's the
binky you got it I was looking for you
ready to go to the gym
having it
oh my gosh you kicked my foot harder
than you saw it was tough it was hard
for me cuz it's been a week since I've
been gonna have some neighbors right oh
I got the pump going on your buff Ellie
okay let's go grab our kids go get the
kids and I think you just throw them on
your back since you're kicking my butt
you did great thank you been a while
since I've worked out hasn't yep can you
show me how you blow the bubbles put
close to your mouth and blow it almost
put a little closer oh wow you blew a
lot of bubbles do it again no put close
to your mouth
Wow try it one more time
hold it close to your mouth Wow
Jackson loves bubbles bubbles markers
his helmet
good morning from nap come on let me
smell your breath no he's not well the
baby stinky breath okay
Calvin that's good call you Jack soon
Calvin look this used to be Jackson's
hat you need a hat this hat fits you
we're going outside whoa okay like look
at you sweet baby boy look you did his
so Q on you model it model it try and
rip it off her head
good luck you are you so cute Jackson do
you know that was your hat before oh I
can't believe it and you look like
Jackson in it try and take it off it's
hard oh oh oh you must got it no you
need to wear it there we go
that's the way I kind of knew that
Kevin's birthday was coming up but I
just thought next month is made next
with this birthday well I cannot believe
it next month I'm going to be getting
ready for this kid to have a little
birthday party
now I think we have two kids that have a
love for rocks Wow is that a good one
does it taste good
no no no no no no no no no no no no no
no no of course as soon as we get to mom
and dad's house
Jackson bolts outside and goes to play
in the backyard and Calvin is like
please let me oh I want to go play with
my brother look how cute he is
I can't evu oh let's not oh my gosh we
were talking about that today it's April
and he turns one in May you know what's
funny is Calvin's birthday is just a
couple days before yours yes I also will
turn one so we'll have to happen I'm
just very much ISA so le mom and I are
gonna have our birthday months because
mom is just the week after my birthday
and you and Calvin are gonna have to
celebrate your birthday month together
two months of our business I love the
parties looking and shopping and
dreaming is I believe pop I just like
window shopping like this is just this
is fun um I definitely like this oh and
I think the kids would love it too being
able to like oh yeah I think it feels
even more roomier what do you think in
oh my gosh how do you pick how do you
know like there's just so much to go
through and give a heart
we Jared has a hard enough time
searching for shoes lemon oh my gosh rue
I have the hardest time buying shoes I
cannot pick a pair of shoes it's like
when we bought our grill remember
everyone's like just get in the ground I
was like it's not my choice of 10 I mean
one is oh this definitely give me a
Michelle my car for a while gosh this is
fun so fun I like that Wow hi grandpa
well this is just cuz like that's cool
hi Mattel I'm a tough man in a truck
John gonna enjoy a ride yeah let's do it
that room is open the music is poppin
we're gonna go on a little Joyride I
just about had a mini little heart
attack I freaked out a little bit it was
scary I was like whoa what just happened
was I did something really cool and I'm
like oh my gosh I have to get the camera
because I need to film this could not
find the camera for about 20 minutes I
literally was freaking out I was like
crap what are we gonna do we have all
this footage that we don't worry I'm
gonna lose it you know huh like crap
I've gotta call the the car dealership I
have to call my parents I have to do all
of this stuff to try and find a camera
because we depend on this camera we
depend on you guys so much for
everything I'm just I'm petting your
head it's not weird I'm petting your
head a little bit sorry about that guys
the weirdness stops here the coolness
begins here
so I a leads upstairs with the kids
getting them ready for bed getting them
in a bath and everything and I'm tidying
up down here cleaning some things and
Calvin if you didn't see on Ellie's
Instagram Calvin was wearing this super
cute Fedora that used to be Jackson's
but it's too too small for Jackson House
of Commons wearing it it's picking up
you know doing my thing
doing my thing here and I threw the
fedora and it landed right here and I
was like what that's amazing
I got a vlog that and that's when I lost
the camera or couldn't find the camera
so I'm gonna try it again try and
reenact it it's not gonna happen this
time I know up but I'm gonna show you
what it was like oh there's that and
yeah it was a lot cooler when I did it
you ready mission Keith okay this
question
the talking a detective didn't really do
Calvera daga Ikeda t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t
you like my music we brushing your teeth
the best movie
making sure they're all clean Oh your
aunt Maria is watching and she's
probably pretty proud but she's also
probably saying like oh you should
probably do all of these differently do
you want to try it okay you try it
that's a good song you know yes I
actually brush
you can't just sing the song you did it
good job high five
Oh high five Jackson say I did it yeah
you did it's Monday night and you guys
know we try and do something a little
family related or a little lesson on
Monday night and I got him the crocodile
dentist and so I just figured this would
be a fun simple easy game and it would
kind of be fun to involve taking turns
Jackson is pretty good at sharing and
taking turns I say already and there's a
little penguin game that we've been
playing me this is good - mommy takes a
turn Jackson so Oh No oh here let me
help ya Oh punky so Jackson goes and
daddy goes and then mommy goes and then
Jackson goes and daddy goes a mommy okay
our week look are we gonna take turns
oh yeah nice I could share zero and take
turns so you okay who's gonna go first
mmm-hmm should daddy go first
are you okay well that's nice of you Hey
so Hey
so what do I do push a tooth uh-huh so
daddy goes first daddy goes first I'm
gonna push this
ah okay Jackson goes that's not the
order you said my that's no no it's
daddy's turn
you got me you do it again hey you
who do you train Jackson Oh Oh daddy go
huh who did it get yeses
again okay mommy daddy checks oh I got
you get your hand can I have that sure
thank you
oh that's so nice of you can I have it
yeah I'm all done playing with it
oh do you want it thank you how do you
ask
hmm sit please peace sure oh that's so
nice oh can I have it now back thank you
that's so nice of you Jack share thank
you guys so much for watching today we
had a wonderful day today with family it
was busy we're gonna we're gonna end our
day he wants a gun
hey shake please do you want to go we're
gonna end we're to end our day with a
little family prayer finish off a little
less of a checks and go to bed don't
forget to thumbs the video up and
subscribe it just lets you know when a
new video is posted which is every day
so see you guys later bye
