good morning guys today is a very
special Sunday for us it is conference
weekend for our church so what we do is
we sit down in front of the TV and we
just listen to counsel talks advice
we're really excited of what we do is we
just hang out in our jammies all day
long this morning I thought it would be
fun to make a breakfast so I made my
biscuits and gravy so I have my homemade
biscuits my gravy
boo hi hi how are you good I'm just done
I have something exciting to tell you
guys
Oh when Jax when Calvin was born I I
have said one time that he had supped
through the night and that was it like
it brightened mrs. house it was from
like 9:00 to like 4:00 in the morning
you want to eat and so to me that was
like K he slept through the night he has
never done it again
Calvin wakes up at 11:00 to 5:00 like oh
when he hit nine month he was so much
better and guess what he did last night
he set from 6:30 to quarter to 5:00 I
woke up I was like I feel amazing yeah
it's true it was really really nice
and then um he didn't go to bed
first up gravity Calvin where are you
Calvin I am so proud of you mom I'm
playing with these toys could you just
leave me alone so I can play with you
I'm crazy Rose hmm okay let's go eat
breakfast
I love I love having kids
okay Jackson and Bonnie and uncle Joel
yeah we're gonna see Cody they were kind
enough to let us come over to their
house in between conference sessions and
you are skipping your nap right now so
just remember we're gonna go in and
we're gonna have tons of fun are you
ready to go have some fun hey Boston but
listen Jackson when is time to go when
it's time to go we have to be a good boy
and we have to say bye Cody bye bye
Boston and then welcome home okay he's
not even 30 okay let's go play but we
have to be a good boys when it's time to
go okay thanks Mike Oh Cody that's a
pretty sweet bicycle you've got there
you got the Bell it's pretty cool in a
golf ball and - where are your training
wheels young man you don't even have
your training wheels Cody that's amazing
let's see it look at you go
oh my gosh you're going so fast Jackson
one day I'm gonna teach you how to ride
a bike and we're gonna have training
wheels and then we're gonna take them
off we're gonna write just like Cody do
you want to do that are you let's do it
you want to go high you want me to push
you you want me to push you so high I'll
show you I I'll show you boys high go
ready set here we go go higher higher in
higher and higher Oh we're going high
all day guys we're going on the swings
all day long is this high enough huh no
no no you uh you're going is that high
enough huh is I enough is it oh hey
that's not nice you don't want to kick
me that's not very nice oh right in the
face I'm gonna push Cody cause he's way
nicer Oh
he just throw cake to me so last time I
pushed those kids they just throw cake
to me Ellie
it's time to do what we practice in the
car remember okay it's time to go can
you go say goodbye to Kody in Boston
there this way that's sir this way can
you say go can you go say goodbye to
them say bye Boston go go give Cody a
hug real quick let's go give Cody a hug
and we'll say goodbye okay say so fun to
see you oh that's a good coat hug all
right Jackson let's leave that there and
we'll get in our car okay say say mom
say mom mom good job mama say mama say
mama it's my boy mama Wow that's my boy
say daddy Calvin Calvin a mama
I love you you are tired you're tired
you guys may already know this but one
of Jackson's favorite toys is his little
red tykes car and what he doesn't know
is that there's a little trailer that
came with it and I am going to build
that for him real quick and I want to
see his reaction when he sees it so I'm
pretty excited I'm gonna see if I can
get it all together before he even
notices are you gonna help me Calvin
you're gonna help me put it together
okay let's do it 20 minutes later
Jackson woke up from a like 15 minute
now over the top please and he is very
sad and this is about what's gonna make
him happy as a popsicle getting dirty so
just put a towel over him and he's gonna
watch dad and daddy is gonna build
something really fun for the boys so
they're building something we're
finishing up listening to our conference
and I am getting ready to make spaghetti
but not just a spaghetti Katie from
calling KDK upside her spaghetti
homemade so I'm getting ready to do that
Oh
all righty my family I have my plate
checks and as his play are you ready are
you done crying are you happy Jared you
have your plane boom that looks good
haven't you got little woody good this
is gonna be yours I'm no poncho oh good
haha yes Calvin in one of your Cubs Anna
yeah that's Calvin's this is gonna be
one of the messiest stairs ever but I'm
very excited to meet you I'm excited
this is so yummy
is he being silly hey Galvin is this
your first time eating spaghetti no no
it's not oh you must be a pro I forgot
you're doing pretty good man
got a fistful of spaghetti just
piledrive in your mouth yeah can you say
spaghetti Vicki that's good dude again
hey piggy Zebedee okay seriously Katie
thank you so much for the recipe if you
guys want that recipe their channel is
Katie and Colin or go find her on
Instagram I'll have her down below but
these kids they are bathed their tummies
are full they should be pretty happy
what you you think you can do that his
brothers doing it
you see gee Calvin bad good Calvin my
god yeah
daddy's back okay kiddos it's we're kind
of putting you to bed early tonight
because none of you really took much of
a nap okay come here come here you gotta
hear him piss man
I guess yeah I've got you though I've
got you young man you're not that fast
yeah you go away you and brother just go
just go play they beat me you see I'm
just crawling down the hall like baby me
all the kids are away her kids
no no I think I'll give you your breath
back huh all aboard the adorable train
Oh our did you already make to your
destination oh you want your bike whoo
buddy that caboose is just for him hey
Jackson get in there hey Rhett you want
angry
when we get into our new house we're
gonna have a lot more room to turn
around and to go crazy
doodlee deleted it a little you how did
that that was what was that fun boys
Jackson was that fun well what a
wonderful Sunday that was we have a
blast being together and listening to
all the wonderful motivational messages
throughout the day um thank you guys so
much for watching just want to say thank
you and if you enjoyed the video be sure
to give the video a big thumbs up in
fact I want to try this we actually did
this last time I was at Bryan and
Missy's house I want to see if we can
get this video to 20,000 thumbs up so if
you enjoyed the video thumbs up let's
see if we can get up to 20,000 hope you
guys had a wonderful weekend and get
ready for this week because it's going
to be great
make sure you're subscribed and we'll
see you guys tomorrow thanks for
watching bye that's an awesome cat
member
