oh my gosh Jackson you are straight-up
sweet chili I guess no okay so this hat
is not gonna work this year this isn't
stuff from last year I want to get the
boys both hats and some sunglasses like
these ons he looks good those are were
well so work you knows you like Jackson
Q Bulger his little body
new you're so sweet
oh you can't finish the style without
the headphones don't put those on okay
here you go
perfect two year old yeah this is a new
fresh look oh you want to take these out
there you go
the temple where oh he's saying Church
cuz I'm all dressed up huh you gonna
come downstairs bye
you want to ride your bike in the
skateboard yeah okay all right Ellie
this is the part of the vlog where you
say okay mr. de Ville I'm ready for my
close-up you look absolutely stunning
today you're me your makeup is beautiful
your dress is fantastic and I must say
you have a pretty good-looking sidekick
I do I have Jackson is very handsome no
Calvin Calvin is all dressed up for the
day guys we're dressed up because we are
actually going to a wedding reception a
luncheon a venue luncheon my cousin
already got married and but they were
doing a little luncheon and I'm excited
to see all my cousins and my aunts I'm
very excited Jackson's gonna hang out
grab and grab that Calvin is going to be
my accessory yep he's in other words the
third wheel he's gonna be a third wheel
at this lunch date you know Ellie maybe
we just don't even need a dog or one of
my parents favorite things about having
a dog is that they would just eat stuff
off the floor when you're at the kitchen
table
they already scooped it up before I
could start filming Jackson spilled some
of those those puffs that Calvin eats
and both of the kids just like race to
it started eating up maybe we don't need
a dog Ellie Jack Ellie I take everything
back that I just said
I mean I'm saying I'm just like this
she's like she's like I've got to get
everything cleaned up what is it that
you're feeding the doggies yeah and
you're sharing with the doggies what a
nice boy there's a doggy lick your face
that's all you like watermelon
you can do it here let me hold the ball
okay now try it
good job you're gonna slide down okay I
knew mark get set go Ellie made sure
that all of her mom's sisters would get
together for a picture and that's what
they're doing right now they got all of
the sisters taking a picture
I'm not sure who the sister is with the
beer on your mark get set go good job
again
hey where are you headed
Logan or bust hey we're going the same
direction hop in sweet I'll pop the
trunk well you're really generous today
you look like a nice guy in the middle I
caught the hump lunch was so nice to
like see all of our aunts and uncles in
our cousins but on our way home I had to
tell you guys I'm sure you maybe have
seen on other social media but both of
our Emily's it got into GaN the car car
accidents this week Emily got in a car
accident this week and then Emily Matt's
wife and she's yes some odd weeks
pregnant
yeah she's due and then you had two
babies in the backseat and so one we're
really grateful that everyone's okay
- I went Emily had told us that she
wanted a wreck I wanted to say this on
the videos because we do have a lot of
younger viewers and and I definitely
have done it before - but when I
remember being like 17 and driving and I
knew you don't text and drive and I
remember one time I did it and I
remember like looking up and it was just
like a panic like I did get in a wreck
and I remember from that day on like I
didn't text a drive and it is scary it
not like your babies on the backseat yes
so on Emily Matt's wife Emily it was a
Semite kind of like besides my wife and
her in the baby are okay yeah yes and
your accident was somebody was texting
and they were rear-ended her she was at
a stoplight so definitely we're counting
our blessings were grateful that
everyone's okay lunch was good we're
wrapping up I'm miss Jackson you've only
been gone a few hours but I like I miss
him he's a cute kid it's heavy easy to
miss the first weekend in April is kind
of a special weekend for us and one that
I look forward to a lot some of you guys
may know that it's General Conference
but at our church we have all of these
wonderful speakers who give really
motivational inspiring messages and
there's three on Saturday and two on
Sunday and the one that I look forward
to the most is usually the one the last
one on Saturday it's because growing up
it would be the one that I would get to
sit down and watch with my dad and we
haven't been able to do that for years
but now that dad lives here in Utah
we're gonna sit down and we're gonna
watch this last session together and so
I'm just really excited to be inspired
and uplifted and it's it's just fun and
exciting and I get to seven
and there's ice cream after that's
that's probably the best part is we
always get ice cream after - two hours
later well that's about that time it's
time to bust up the ice cream what do we
got here we've got caramel toffee crunch
utterly chocolate and mine Klondike bar
what would you do for a Klondike bar dad
I would hang out with my son for an
evening I'll take that
you know what I'll do just open the
refrigerator because that's where I got
it from that's what I would do for a
Klondike bar we need to get a new camera
this lens always closes I'm both of our
cameras it's always just like it's like
this every three months five months one
thing dad and I was doing one thing dad
and I were doing take that row in the
back we were going over some songs that
we want to play and record together and
I'm excited to do that because it's
gonna be a lot easier now because we
don't live 800 miles apart correct so
dad and I are gonna be busting out the
harmonies a little bit sometime here in
the future it's just gonna be for fun
and but I'm excited about that so if
there's a particular song that you want
us to do or to just kind of get ready
and everything leaving the comments down
below what you think would be good and
it's got to have two parts as harmony at
least and it's got to be fun because
dad's gotta like it - none of this like
you know you know I'm talking about some
good stuff okay okay good yep
you guys are watching Matt someday mom
would you would you do the honors of
ending our vlog today thank you for
watching and we'll see you tomorrow Oh
mom you need to you forgot to tell him
to thumbs up the video and subscribe
don't forget to thumbs up the video and
subscribe mmm
