well good morning to you guys it's very
early in the morning and we woke up and
Jackson has a giant donut what is that
nested big donut that's right but I'm
like I didn't know whether to get it
it's on the counter Jackson can you show
me how you got the donut
here I'll hold this one oh my gosh she's
taller than I want him to be let's get
there not in this one you earned it do
you guys remember our big Easter I cut
just the other day well my brother and
sister Ruby they do throwback videos of
our childhood and Beau Griffis life he
posted the Griffith Easter egg hunt in
1995 and I remember that Easter egg hunt
I'm gonna go ahead and watch it
hmm okay this is the beginning look at
me oh that's so cute okay anyway that's
the video if you guys don't see the
whole video you'll have to go watch it
but I remember that honestly last night
I was laughing pretty hard um Ellie has
been wanting to go to this thing called
like baby animal days basic basically
they just have all these baby and farm
animals and you can go and see them and
touch them and the kids love it the kids
are super excited about it I missed it
last year I'm so sad yeah Cody and
Olivia and all of us are going and we're
telling my mom and dad about it and
they're like oh every time we drive past
that we're like we need to get tickets
we need to get tickets and so I just
thought it was funny like my parents
want to go to this they're gonna come
but they weren't even planning on going
with us they were gonna go independently
of themselves or like let's all just go
together so we're getting gear to you
you look like an old man what
happy 20 more days I'm actually really
excited we had to drive like what an
extra five miles down the road for
overflow parking and they're gonna
shuttle us down there so you know what
that means Jackson that means that we're
gonna have a lot of extra time to
practice our animal sounds are you ready
she's a good mom got all the treats
packed and everything Jackson what is a
sheep steak
I don't see nothing on the bus before
Jackson where are we what is it
yeah but
all right everyone are you guys excited
to go see something the animals are you
guys excited right the Train are you
excited to see a bear this is gonna be
fun let's go
Jackson did you learn
for some reason Jackson is afraid of
doesn't like cotton candy I have no idea
why because it's the best stuff on earth
it's like Nexus Snapple
he loves coffee he loves popcorn though
so I have a little cotton candy behind
the popcorn so let's see I just know as
soon as you get the taste of a he'll
love it
okay you want some popcorn take a bite
of your popcorn now I'll put it in your
mouth do you like that you want some
more I'm surprised he still doesn't like
it one of these days he'll look back on
this like what was I thinking or he's
probably just like that I'm just way
healthier than you are
Jackson is asleep in the car and I have
a conference call in 15 minutes
so we're like crap what do we do well
we're going for a really long I'm gonna
do we're just gonna drive her out I'm
gonna get on my conference call and oh
hope he stays asleep right hi guys hey
you beat you're tired you were hungry
oh you guys yeah you got a little bread
get sunburned yes no you are fair as
fair can be all of this is new fresh
paint and so I felt that we literally
just move mom and dad in and then got
all their furniture and their TV and
stuff set up and then a few days later
moved it so we can have the painters
come in and now we're moving it back so
that's why I'm here I'm gonna help you
move your stuff okay you're an awesome
son this is why I want to live in a
wireless world this all right here I
don't know who goes where or what goes
where and everything like that but
you're gonna figure it out that's the
guy you are
sure I will I accept the challenge I
will do it I will do it now hmm this is
my happy dance
cuz it's Friday it's Friday I'm gonna
why is that by Mitchell we gonna jam
before having kids was to sit in bed or
on the couch and just stay up till 1:00
and watch dr. sha aftershock to show off
of Netflix that's what we would do and
so it's fun when Jarrod says grab some
treats we're gonna watch better call
Saul if I end up staying up till
midnight I love watching a few but today
was such a special day I feel like
jarrod and I we are in a very fun time
of life right now
and life is good we have two kids we're
getting ready to build a home we're
looking at cars like you know we've been
ready for company you know seven almost
seven years and we've had one car for
seven years and we've rented for seven
years and it's it's been really fun
lately to like dream and we're not going
to go out and buy a car tomorrow and you
know the house is starting a few weeks
but a must-buy chance like a model 3
Tesla just up happens the beer in our
house we'll see but it's just well life
is fun but life was just as fun when we
were in college sweet - bye fine in
college we still ate out and did lots of
fun things but there were months where
we literally ate PB&J
so we could buy schoolbooks so we could
buy our car that we have now we
literally scratched up enough cash to
buy up the car we have now and I'm
grateful for you are grateful for life
um this is fun but I just want to just
vocally say that family is what at the
end of the day is what makes life good
no amount of things no even though it's
fun um you know family is what matters
yeah like putting our babies to bed
tonight and kissing a little redheads
because they were out in the Sun all day
like it just that is that special that
is perfect now what makes life right
quick I want to tell this because I just
thought it was the cutest thing and I
wish we had it on film but I got to
shake the conductor's and well that was
cute too but Jackson I was asking him
about his day and I said did you see any
animals and he said cow nice cow nice
huh turtle hold on turtle hold nice and
I said did you see any other animals he
said horse I said it was a horse nice no
he's thinking turtle nice he's telling
me that he was doing that getting the
turtle today oh my babies yeah I love my
family thank you guys so much for
watching
we're gonna see you tomorrow bye-bye
Oh sunburn you're gonna get right
