so I am moving on with the house today
guys I have hello my friend my new
friend um I have an interior designer
that is going to be helping me with the
new house so she's come over and I'm
telling her what pieces I'm bringing
into the new house what pieces I'm not
and I told her I said I am bringing my
grandma's chair into our new house and
guess what it's fabulous love this yes
thank you there's so if you're like why
have a pink chair uh-huh but it's my
grandma's so I'm actually going to get
it real pull stirred and somewhere in
the new house I'm going to bring this
chair so I had to document it because
this chair is a big thumbs up to the
interior designer that was beautiful
by golly Ellie I don't think I've ever
seen you so excited my whole entire life
we're getting a house we're building a
house the Liz is open this is how smooth
I said after CVX it's house mode we're
spending the summer together with family
building our home and so we le just met
with the interior designer we went down
and talked about like every single room
in the house my office and like
everything I wanted I was like Ellie
what did you tell her about my office
and I was like yep huh perfect great I'm
gonna love it I'm really excited and I
told her you know we're not bringing a
lot of stuff with us and you know we're
gonna sell the couch and you know
bringing the piano and our table and the
chair and my bed set is like the main
things that we're bringing um and our
bed set is going to go in the guest
bedroom downstairs
and I told her that this lamp my mom got
it for me when I was 16 and I told her
that I want to incorporate it in a room
or somewhere in the home you know even
if it's the the backdrop of our filming
area so we just kind of walk through and
I just told her everything that we're
bringing you know obviously our rocking
chairs so this is the most comfortable
rocking chair ever it is a very
comfortable chairs worth but all in all
I'm like really
to get started I'm really excited to
like get things going you know it's
gonna be a little bit before we like
great-grand and stuff but there's so
many things we have to start so much you
have to do we've been at this for eight
months already like finding the process
and doing everything but I accept
sighted exciting things are coming
exciting things are happening I'm
getting the yard taking care of getting
the design taken care of it's just oh
he's such a goofball I'm just excited
this is gonna be so fun is he your
storage unit
he's your storage unit oh you're gonna
tumble there get a tumble they're gonna
double me put velcro on him hmm
silly Jackson why are you so silly you
got your shoes are they cold should we
put them on your feet okay let's go put
them on your feet come over here and
I'll help you put them on Kay you're
gonna go with Mama Wow are they a key on
the bottom is that cuz you ran through
the mud yesterday yeah okay which foot
do you think go what shoe do you think
goes on which foot can you put them on
yep can you put your shoes on let's see
you do it hey that's at least the right
foot sit on your bum now try
you're so close there you go
oh you're so close buddy do you want me
to help you okay I'll help you we just
got into Cole's because I'm meeting up
with Bonnie to find a gift for my cousin
for his wedding on Saturday and I
noticed both boys aren't hanging out his
Jackson head was slowly falling he fell
asleep portable being I know who is so
tired
how does that look for a gift all
bathroom stuff but make you sharper and
huh hi jealousy so cute and this is the
heavy anyone nothing on your toe goodbye
Joe
I'm excited that's a good guess I
remember my first child I loved them I
loved a lens not open of course that's
like Ellie said earlier I feel like
we're totally in house mode now just
getting a lot of things prepared for
like the inside of the house and the
actual construction of the house we
haven't broke ground just yet but that's
going to take a little bit because we're
waiting on like the banks and everything
but that doesn't mean we can't not be
prepared for the things that go in the
house um and just thinking into the past
about like how I was raised and how we
would like to be going forward I want to
be prepared for a lot of things that are
coming up that may have been some
unexpected things like power outages or
water you know things like that I want
to be prepared so I've actually it's
kind of fun for me and it's also good
for our family but I've been looking
into like water tanks that you put
underground and when it rains the tank
stores the water and purifies that I
think anyway early stores in these big
tanks so if there's ever water shortage
you know you tie is kind of a desert
that we can use that water and also like
solar panels that charge into a battery
I've been following Tesla's power walls
for a while now and I'm actually just
watching that little presentation again
because I'm really interested because
with what we do
you know having electricity is very
important having an Internet signal is
very important having water I guess is
pretty important too but I'm looking
into that and I'm just curious if
there's anyone out there I don't know if
they're out just yet but if anyone has
like a tesla powerwall what is it been
like has it been good for you or
anything like that if you have solar
panels what has that been like what's
your experience been like is it worth it
the cost investment all of that sort of
thing and I know this is probably a
little bit more of a stretch but if
anyone has like water tanks in the
ground that they use in case of an
emergency let me know is something that
I'm really interested in something that
I would like to have in our house in the
event of an emergency yeah yeah as a boy
scout be prepared you know that's kind
of the ideology that I'm thinking of so
I'm really excited about these kind of
things for house stuff that I have my
taste into it and that's that's really
what I'm excited about
so I've been looking into that kind of
stuff I have some tasks that I'm
supposed to be doing today and I swear
on my life that I just did this I'm
pretty sure I filmed the time lapse of
me cleaning the office but we just got
home from CVX and our house is a mess or
at least my offices so I have to clean
all of this stuff up doing some research
getting some tax stuff done
whoo that was a long I was a long spiel
2 minutes and 36 seconds chairs I don't
think you even have to add any of that
out good job
I feel like we just have a lot of big
decisions coming up it's just a minute
know that we've known about April it is
exciting but we've known that we want to
upgrade one car we've had one car almost
7 years and we want to upgrade our car
and have our car be a band and not be
like our everyday runaround
but we know we eventually want two cars
and right now there's not really a van
on the market that we're wanting right
now and so we're just gonna go again and
look around ask more questions and
everything but you know what else what
they actually are unveiling the Tesla
Model 3 today so maybe that could be one
of the cars we get maybe that would be
fun that would be so much fun I'm a fun
it would be would be so it would be
something I don't think it would solve
our issues we're just gonna go up browse
and look and see what they have but we
eventually we know we were gonna get a
van but we just want I don't know what
floor other option yeah maybe an
explorer like an SUV types yeah Rossi
we're gonna go look at vehicles that
drive least I wouldn't fro have a little
our date that'll be fun what's going on
alone huh it was my wife looking at
vehicles I can't believe man gonna let
me draw I was just gonna say we've been
in here for 10 minutes and Ellie right
no I'm driving
no you have he has the key teachers like
um I'll Drive oh I'm driving so we're
test driving a Honda Odyssey and we I've
been every time we've rented a car I've
been trying to get one of these but
they're just never available so we're
driving one around do you like it
I just love the new car smell job do
care should I go out or no yeah take a
left we want to make sure you we don't
get you onto too busy roads Ellie we
don't want you on the busy ones we feel
like we're in such a pickle we keep
going back and forth only i-20 well and
every time we've come to the dealership
we're always like okay well let's just
go home and we'll look at the list of
cars that are available needs to because
I guess we keep thinking RV silly to
have to like SUVs cool we want a minivan
right but but in our head we're thinking
the minivan isn't really like in our
eyes is a big carb like that's going to
be like our runaround car like instead
of having our
camry we're gonna have man but that will
be like our car even though it's big it
bigger and then and then we have like
well do we get like a full-size SUV or
our trucks like pull before we were
wrong like I don't know you just test
drove a Sequoia a Sequoia we test-drove
a Layla and a Highlander the Highlander
and the pilot we felt like we're too
small it's just hard ah
actually my question mr. kise you're not
like jumping the gun like that I well I
would love a truck
I would love a truck but I want him I
want to be really practical about
everyday I want to make sure we get
enough utility out of everything so and
my guess is like what combination of two
cars would is the most optimal a van for
sure and that's going to be like our car
car where we go grocery shopping where
we go to Salt Lake where you know maybe
they go a vacation or so but what about
when when you have the kids here and I
go to like st. George or something with
film with geekify guys like what about
that I would keep the van and I would
take a truck yeah so you have all your
equipment I have the equipment but then
I might want to take people
so it's like Oh what do we do there's so
many often I don't know the answer yeah
Burt this is this is interesting this is
harder than the house I'll build else
any day I am so surprised
mmm I'm so surprised with how much room
this truck has this in the back like a
ton of space and what we do it Bo does
he has like a little leather thing back
there that it's not a cab it's just flat
they can roll back it looks like it's
kind of setup for it already tailhook
got runners in there well I like the
truck a lot well so far this has been
our favorite it's a sorry Honda Pilot
sorry is the other guy yeah like it's a
big truck but it doesn't feel so big oh
inside but it feels really big on the
inside there's that weird when I was
driving I was like this doesn't feel
like this big old BC truck that I'm
driving but I look back and it tons of
space but jared is like the color I do
I like the bronze I mean it's pretty you
feel look like this silver one over
there but well we'll see what do you
want to watch what movie do you want to
watch oh say it I can't move awesome
movie he is crying pretty hard head
should we go to bed okay that's good
let's go to bed yeah why what do you
want to do instead yeah do you want to
watch a movie
yeah which movie do you want to watch
Elmo it's changed I want you to have
these things on young man how can you
even hear what I'm saying
Elmo too
happy birthday to you happy birthday
dear Jackson happy birthday - yes jared
is singing happy birthday to Jackson -
who let him down that is the song he has
requested the past few nights so you two
go ahead and end the vlog today guys
thank you so much for watching thanks
for coming along with us whether it's
designing the entire house going car
shopping or changing poopy diapers and
we'll see you guys tomorrow bye
