good morning guys it is barely six
o'clock in the morning and we are
getting all bundled up to go outside
because we have some doctor's
appointments for Calvin in Salt Lake
City
are you ready buddy are you ready to go
to the doctor yeah get some answers yeah
you
we just arrived to the doctor's office
and we were talking about how while we
were coming up here driving up to this
part of Utah totally reminds me of
getting ready for my hip surgery because
we came to like the very similar place
it was early in the morning and all of
these like different emotions just came
flooding in and I just remembered like
the feeling when I woke up like I was
just like I just want a peanut butter
and jelly sandwich that's all I want and
just it's just crazy how certain things
pop in your head like certain things
trigger different memories and but we're
just getting ready to go into Calvin's
appointment you ready to go buddy
do you want to push the button okay
mmm there's nothing sweeter than hold it
on take it well
seriously warm body I know he was so
cute on the table and everything they
just did his like oxygen and everything
and he had the cord wrapped in between
his toes that it was just like it was
kind of like grabbing it by business
you're just so stinking cute hey you I'm
talking to you yeah you're cute you
wanna play pattycake okay
pattycake pattycake Baker's man bake me
a cake guys fast as you can can you roll
it roll it roll yet okay let's roll it
roll it and roll it in our market market
we did sure we're delving in do you see
musical fingers she does it he knows
what we're doing that's his first cool
trick
look what you got for being so good look
they give you an Eddie bear is that cool
oh did you like him oh you like the
Eddie bear yeah Kinki veggie bear case
where no kiss no oh god you good
here's your cookie well a cardiologist
appointment check and done and
neurologist all of that stuff is all
taken care of in Kelvin what do you
think about it so far they're very
impressive you say that everything looks
yes normal they say that they are
excited for us to go to the GI doctor
wishes his past reflux is so far they're
pending on the reflux and on the crying
holding spells yeah which honestly out
of anetha I'd rather be that than like
his heart or his brain so everything is
looking good so far which is great great
great great news okay
two hours later let's go to another
appointment Hey I sure love you whoo
good job are you showing off your
gymnastics skills Jackson do one more
somersault whoo it's a good thing this
is soft huh
that would hurt all right round 2 of
doctors plans we are at the
gastroenterology Basinger the GI doctor
essentially they're going to take a look
at Calvin's stomach and basically take
into account his reflux and how that's
affecting him going forward and we are
just hanging out Calvin are you ready
4nt you raised your auntie mama we ready
for round two
Jackson we just got out of the waiting
room with Jackson and grandma and
they're actually doing really good
his little elephant we need to wash it
and since he's been bored since he's had
one it's also starting to rip I'm like
no I'm gonna save this forever oh yeah
it's not like babies but like if
borderline high stinks to some people
but to me like it smell so yummy
is so time is
hi Jackson that way yeah how are you
guys doing good luck to me oh do you see
Emma yeah Jackson can you say Open
Sesame
it worked you did it okay let's go push
the button the kids nabbed in the car we
ate lunch and we're ready to go home we
got some good news today everything so
far is looking really good are you happy
look and he is breaking a front tooth
don't know if you can see it
he has his three three teeth are coming
in once where they broke and he has two
others that are coming case you go home
these kids are ready to be in their own
bed I'm ready to be in my own bed we're
ready to go home it's not just about
hanging out with you we're actually kind
of sad but we're all ready to go home of
being our beds
this is Jackson's new favorite little
thing it's this little mini backpack and
mom said that it could fit on the back
of his little teddy bear it is so cute
this would Nikki yes get Calvin so now
Jax all I think it says cuz that does
the kid his thinking no I did it wrong
this man I did it wrong how cute here we
go is that not the cutest is that cute
gesture I love it jared is just packing
up the car and he still has a few other
things to pack in there
Jared how is this going we are you're
playing Tetris real-life Tetris I think
it looks pretty decent the thing is like
a lot of meals are just so awkward well
you can't take them off oh can you you
could but that's just a little oh I mean
this will close but it's just like I
feel like all of this is just wasted
space right here that I could put some
other stuff but I think other than that
I did a pretty good job considering it
took to full come yes I Johnson you're
finding your game for Monday
you're sitting yeah
so Jackson to sit in here every god get
your seatbelt on
gotta go wrap up its kids life I can
play yep I know you could set that in
the back of the floor probably lots of
stuff now that you have that bear done
do you think the backpack outfit on his
back
she's a little too small he's for a
little bear is that your bear do you got
today this kid is pooped he slept so
long in the doctor's office and me like
literally just woke up love that thing
it is so dirty huh mmm love you baby
not you okay here you go
we're packed to the brim Calvin has his
little bear he loves it
and up the spout again one more time
I'll be back the itsy bitsy spider went
up the water spout down came the rain
and washed the spider out out came the
Sun and dried up all the rain and the
itsy bitsy spider went up the spout
again we're all hallelujah we sang that
song 1,001 times and we finally made it
home and only took a thousand and one
times to get here I think this is
honestly one of the funniest things
that's ever happened to me on my lenses
up um so I've been looking on Twitter
and everyone is tweeting me is like dude
Jared this coach looks exactly like you
in this volleyball video if you guys
haven't seen already the studio season
yeah what you like it
Mikey hooked jelka oh that's a good
point Jackson good job a lot of people
have been tweeting me and say charity
you look exactly like the coach in the
new studio see Scott sterling video but
guys that is me on the studio see Scott
sterling video I'm the coach at the very
beginning at the very end if you guys
haven't seen it you will love it it is
hilarious I think I've seen it probably
times now I'm gonna have it link down
below in the description so you guys can
see it if you haven't
leave a comment it's it's hilarious and
let them know that we sent you guys just
because I had so much fun working on it
and it really is like one of the
funniest things I have ever seen and I
must say I throw a mean chair I throw a
chair pretty good pretty good chair
thrower if I say so myself Jackson I
think is very happy to be home yep dad's
getting me more milk you he's just so
happy and smiley and laughs Jackson we
smile for me yeah we smile for me
you let the cocoa and you've been in ham
he's actually ribs I think he knows that
either one dad is joking around with him
or he doesn't take that seriously
because Jackson spilled some milk and
and I was like okay Jax I'm getting you
more milk
you spill I kill look at that smile like
it was like that looks like me I mean I
know everyone says her Jax looks like
Jared which he does more so I think but
like when Jackson smiles like that he
looks so much like me when I was little
that cute little yeah it's nice that
those teeth oh yeah his sharp pointy
teeth but that's something my dad would
always say to me and is last night hey
you spill I kill did you say
haha maybe we shouldn't say that damn
you saying hi can you look at the
meeting yeah he's like that was from my
previous victim who spilled on the table
I'm eating his flesh right now well
that's a little barbaric okay wipe up
wipe it up oh good boy now wipe your
face good boy no don't like the milk I
can't tell you how good it feels to be
home I feel so good to be here
oh my goodness I been at home and I
can't tell you how good it feels that
it's 8 o'clock think I'm words are kind
of in bed and we're going to we are
gonna kill together right now so our
eyes cannot handle one week of crazy fun
nuts oh my gosh it was the best guys big
thumbs up for this awesome week that
we've had be sure to subscribe so you
guys don't miss out on any other videos
and we will see you guys tomorrow bye
member
