Mornington meow
go did he hurt his head he's strong you
want us to play with your friend yeah
I'll say so you can look at it mm-hmm
show it to him see you can look at it
hey you two
Jackson is he's our to eat in his
breakfast but he's eating some more
sausage all he is it yummy yeah yeah um
mom thank you so much mom made breakfast
again uh-huh this stuff is so good a mom
said okay if you run out if you run out
of waffles don't worry about it just
give them the angel food cake because
it's pretty much the same thing oh
you're all matter here but you can go
through it pretty quick yes well I think
there's our she said that because of
this yummy uh syrup that you may what is
this buttercream oh it's just it's
happiness and liquid food is Wow sure as
a liquid it is really good Brian
it's the morning and I'm making waffles
are you really awful Philly do you want
a waffle you thankful I'm not
necessarily interested in the things
that you have to say right now Jared
while they might be important to some
other people they're certainly not
important to me so please go away know
if it's very hungry they just ate like
three sausages oh my gosh this could
scarfing down good check out that no
that that's some sausage links that some
sausage eating's
this Jersey has been such a fun couple
days and everybody has been such good
houseguest I came downstairs have kind
of been picking up and Brian and Missi
already stripped the bed so that we
could wash the sheets cassie made her
bed Jeff and Natalia made their bed it
just was like no no nice of them to do
but everybody has had a lot of fun we
are tummies are fall everybody's ready
to go yes you I had a lot of fun skiing
with you guys and so this is the picture
of what it looks wearing is so sweet
I know wanna know how Harbor
q Jackson ringing the bell Missy there's
a port here just for you okay see it was
a lot of fun guys hanging out there's a
lot of funny guys all of you guys if you
guys don't know who everybody is
I'm Sly Fox hi Fox Italia will have
everyone down below safe harbour I
convinced a the foundation is strong but
you did you did leave Utah with a gift
from me I did a cold sore
good Jerry wanted to say that again it's
just from being in Utah in the cold but
I promised my brother there's a lot of
time no guys everyone have a safe flight
all of the credit that I just gave
downstairs truly does go Jeff so thank
you Jeff you guys everybody has done
good house yes but thank you for that
was nice of you
Kelvin has found the books but not just
any book what one's your favorite he
keeps coming over here he his little
hand is on the Dave Ramsey one very
starting you young earn your money save
it up he keeps pulling it out but he is
walking along here and I think he is
pretty much crawling now it's like he
does a little army crawl a little bit
but just the past two days I've noticed
that's what he does lost the time as he
crawls on his knees it's not crazy you
gain so big a while back we did a QA and
I think one of the questions was like
what is your biggest pet peeve or what
are some of your pet peeves and I can't
remember what I answered on one of them
but I remember today what one of them
was because I had to go through it today
I one of my biggest pet peeves is just
internet troubles just it things on the
internet that should work that don't and
it just drives me bonkers we were trying
to upload the video today I think all in
all I uploaded the video about four
times one of the times the video just
deleted like you I've hit the Save
button and the video just delete it and
intro
me crazy my hair was actually definitely
today but I pulled it out so much
because I was pulling on my air oh no
it's the outside playing yeah I just
gave him so that's one of my pet peeves
but we're just hanging out here we're
getting ready to go over to the house
that we're going to be building here in
a second and Jackson is outside just
having a good time provement around
playing I only took like if you bite see
me second I'm - woman I just want a
round play down the rock pit and there's
the rocks he's home Ellie he's home but
alas the video is finally uploaded and
now my peeves are no longer my pets are
no longer peeved pet Pete I'm no longer
Peep what do you see Jackson knows where
show me his nose ah oh my goodness is
that his nose silly nose well these guys
in their house they've been so kind to
let us walk through and just kind of
like peek in and all of the stuff that
we want to look at want to replicate
when a change and I'm just looking at
the outside and like holy cow this is
just so beautiful they've actually done
a lot of the same stuff that we want to
do with like the rocks obviously I think
we're going to have a little bit smaller
rocks and some bigger rocks - these are
more bigger rocks and it just looks
really nice I think we'll have a little
hardy board and stuff but it's just it's
really cool to be able to see what you
want made before it's actually done so
it kind of makes it easier for us but
I'm really excited to see like the final
result I just can't believe that we're
gonna have a house it's gonna be amazing
we figured out um the filming area
mm-hmm
that was really nice I'm excited for
that well and it's funny we're talking
about like a three-car garage really
have one car think of all the space for
activities Jackson think of all the
space of course since we're in town we
have to make a little target run and I
just think it's hilarious Jackson is
finally at the age where he knows
exactly what the toy section is
and he took up running for the toys what
do you see buddy oh you found some ice
cream do you want some ice cream well
isn't this the cutest thing I ever did
see you just crapped off his own leg
that's cute daddy
that's cute okay well you have to get
diapers I thought if you have to get
diapers and myself on the target because
you don't have target
I love target so we're gonna look at
diapers and everything else that they
have here so stinking cute this kid
wants ice cream so bad you found the ice
cream bottle he was he was at the other
place where they had like little toy ice
cream he's like ice cream or screwed you
want some ice cream so bad don't you
Jackson I'll tell you what are you
listening yeah let's go put the car back
and because if you listen really really
good we'll get a little treat because
you've been such a good boy how does
that sound
clap you want to put the cart back okay
let's go do it
so Jared I have been trying to do family
night every Monday night that we've been
talking about that for a while now and
we're and Target and I'm not going to
show Jackson until we actually do family
night on Monday but it's been fun
playing games with Jackson now that he's
kind of able to play games with us and
this is it's called a crocodile dentist
and there's no batteries it's just an
easy game it's just about taking turns
you just press the teeth on it and then
eventually the alligator will jump on
your hand so what I think he's gonna
laughter I think will be fun in and
through I think it'll be cool to teach
him you know taking turns
no buts dad's turn can you hear the
airplanes anyway I thought that would be
a fun game and do the lesson about I'm
sharing and taking charters yeah I think
that's a great idea I think it's just
fun to kind of incorporate these little
lessons quick little lessons in fun
little games yeah and I we have only we
have two games the little dice game and
then we have another little farm game
that we play at Jackson so this would be
our third game that we have at our house
so how exciting huh
good job good job Jackson high five
should you go pick out some ice cream
now I'm sorry mom's picking out down and
out of my yeah well it'll be a joint
effort but mom's mom is gonna mom's
choice tonight yeah come on Jackson
let's run Oh bunk let's get some ice
cream run hey so is that your choice for
today Jackson is that your ice cream
what kind you get thinman's yeah I'm say
YUM
are you sure you don't want to put that
in the car it's cold you want to hold on
to it gonna put it in the cart no you
want to hold it it's cold but you can
yeah it's cold okay let's go let's hurry
so you're not so cold look how sweet
that is mom guys Bryan just sent this to
my mom to say thank you for letting him
stay at the house how cute is that I
feel so blessed by your hospitality and
loving spirit thank you for having us
see you soon Bryan and Missy that's cute
oh thank you he literally okay I put a
little ice cream in there and his dinner
I give him both and he just ate his
dinner first but more drop more chicken
yeah okay you are trying so hard to see
out the window you're trying so hard he
crawls up on everything he can't but not
this I don't want that to fall oh don't
be mad he wants to crawl up on that no
he tried earlier but I don't want that
to what
ah give him a bath come here I'll change
you find it like this huh boy me stinky
why'd you go cuckoo
yeah Jackson we just gave you a trouble
get in there all day long yeah hey how
about this Jackson draw jump up in the
air and land on your bum Oh Jackson who
who do you want to change your diaper
you want grandpa to change your diaper
yeah do you want in you like grandma to
change a diaper oh you do it George I
got that do you want Calvin to change
your diaper can he change your diaper
Oh lay down and he'll change his diaper
hey baby hey guys I gotta go ahead and
vlog and Jarrod keeps falling asleep I
keep waking them up um we have to wake
up really really early tomorrow and take
Calvin to some appointment so I'm gonna
go to heaven and the vlog and then bait
Jared wake up and finish editing so
thank you guys for watching we'll see
you later bye bye
member
