good morning everyone how did everyone
sleep last night very good good good
good hanging in there well first off I
have to say welcome to Utah where one
day you can have an enjoyable Easter egg
hunt out in the warm weather and the
next day it's a blizzard
you know this actually couldn't have
worked out any better this is this is
like the crème de la crème of weather
planning we have random Missy and
Jeffrey and Talia Italia not Natalie I
made that mistake once and I denied her
the end of it about five but we were
planning like it would be so fun to go
skiing and we've got fresh powder like I
don't know if I've ever skied like fresh
powder so I'm so excited we're gonna hit
the slopes are you guys ready for round
two of Utah skiing this is crazy like it
literally it was like warm for Easter
and cold for a few days it's perfect
like seriously the planets have a line
because please come more often so the
planets can be in alignment what's going
on outside Jackson yeah snow it's
snowing is that so fun are you gonna
play in it today you can have fun you
mix no balls snow angels yeah just don't
eat yellow snow can you say yellow snow
yeah yeah don't eat that okay
all right everyone welcome to the party
bus we're gonna have a really great day
today my name is Jared and I'm excited
to have you in my vehicle today so I
just want to make sure everyone's safe
fastened up and ready rock and rollin
we'll go have a good time today
let's go hit the mountain it's gonna be
very enjoyable I'm glad you're here with
me guys let's do it everyone got their
party faces on all right
hey Finlay Finlay Finlay in there put
your party piss on them it is a
beautiful day on the mountain and even
more beautiful is my wife right so cool
I've never asked you this actually snow
this is fun the we just did our first
run on the bunny hill yeah and it's like
it's so fun to ski in fresh snow but I'm
really excited because today is like my
first time teaching in a class that snow
face and actually actually to teach a
class today so I'm teaching the class of
all these new skiers it's gonna be a lot
of fun so I'm just waiting right here
for my class to show up it's gonna be
great I'm excited
are you ready Ellie so my first two
students have shown up they're the only
ones who are actually on time we've got
the slyfox fam here they're the ones who
are on time for class everyone else is
tardy and that's -50 dkp points you guys
aren't here for the class okay okay if
you guys do want to join the class I'm
it starts in just a couple minutes
I just get it we got the rest of the
crew here for your first skiing lesson I
guess you this is actually your second
skiing lesson third skiing listen guys I
feel honored to be able to be your
teacher today we're gonna have a really
great time just first things first we
want to make sure that you guys are safe
on the slopes you know don't go out and
outside any boundaries make sure you're
always clipped in unless you're on a
lift and everything are so for my right
foot right yeah that's exactly right
good job right yep so Ryan actually has
two right feet and are you guys ready
hit the slopes
everyone excited okay let's go on the
bunny hill did you see that everyone
look in here c'est le pardon we're just
hanging out in the gondola everyone's
having a really good time no one is
nervous right Ryan are you nervous about
what we're about to do heading up a
couple black diamonds I I've been lying
to him this whole perfect perfect so you
kept control the whole time you're the
most patient teacher so our kids are
going are very lucky that they have
Jared as a dad look at the beautiful
trees with the girls
there's snowboarded I convinced
snowboarders I think this snowboarding
would be hard for me I don't think you
guys are killing it you guys are doing
good this before
oh look at it I'm honestly kind of
frustrated because I didn't want variety
miss you to come up and have a another
kind of bad experience on the mountain
and of course we went a different way
and hopefully everybody comes out of
this alive but we're literally cutting
out of the mountain oh brother
okay we'll be down in a few hours hey
George paving the way good job I did it
you did it this is real life frozen this
is frozen in the wilderness this is this
is beautiful
Joe and I have skied more this venture
than we ever have and we have grown to
really love it I like skiing cuz I think
it is almost therapeutic because it's
quiet you have yes you're in the woods
it's white it's just beautiful I love it
I know what I get to get for lunch
what's up
it is the yummiest being I got it last
night yummy
are you gonna sit by grandpa you like
your grandpa huh and grandma yeah two
thumbs up for Grandma that's great
usually every Monday night so you guys
may know that we try and do like a
family night we'll usually sit down and
have dinner together and we'll have a
little lesson and then sometimes play a
game so like three weeks ago we sat down
with Jackson and Calvin we talked about
listening to your parents and then we
played that little ball game last week I
don't think we filmed it but we were
here at mom and dad's house and Bonnie
and Joel we're here and we're talking
about doing a little bit better than you
were doing before going from good going
from bad to good and good to great and
just kind of doing a little bit better
every day
well today's lesson is a little bit
different we're talking about fire
safety and being prepared for when a
fire comes we're actually teaming up
with Red Cross to talk about this a
little bit too so dad I was wondering if
you might be able to show me where your
smoke alarms are okay well we have one
in every bedroom okay one in the hallway
Kate Jackson are you ready for this
we're gonna we're gonna test grandpa's
smoke alarms kay and it's gonna be
really loud can you plug your ears real
quick good job okay let's hit the button
we're gonna test it ready oh did you
hear that
what do you think about that that's
that's a smoke alarm that's gonna tell
us if there's a fire and not if we need
to get out we have to get out of the
house
Jackson know you guys had a specific
place that you guys set up for when you
guys had in in case of a fire right
where was that a lamppost okay so your
whole family knew the fire planet okay
that was like the neighborhood like all
the neighbors do that that's kind of
like where we'd all meet so Jackson do
you remember that sound whenever we hear
that sound you know what we're gonna do
when we're at Grandma's house we're
gonna go to the light post yeah at the
post and we're gonna do it as fast as we
can okay make sure you're all cleaned up
so that's our little lesson here's a
little lesson on fire safety and what to
do I challenge you guys to check your
smoke alarms and make sure you do it at
least once a month and then also to have
like a little fire escape plan in the
event of an emergency if you guys want
more information about this and what
your new family can do I'll have a link
to it down below but this was a fun
little little family that our kids are
young but same reason why we talk about
no hitting and no yelling and no all
sorts of other things is because they
need the lesson a million times I think
it's good to have these lessons because
one like repetition is key and also to
to be like even more prepared oh just
kidding it's not poop they're just early
aerated turds their little aeration guys
we just put the kids to bed and now
we're going out to dinner I don't know
if they could show it so where do you
see it Ruby or ever I was was it four
years ago five years ago Elian I came
here
and for our anniversary dinner and we
actually carved our names in the wall
and I'll see if I can find it I know we
just we just showed like maybe a year
ago we showed it to you but I'm gonna
see if I can find it again
Kelvin doesn't pretty good at Napoli but
I don't know what is it my mom's house
if I leave like represent John for naps
I mean he sleeps forever she's up to
he's up till like 1:00 o'clock put it
down like 9:00 Jack Kelvin yeah we
should put him down to your house I know
I never for last month whiskey no more
bottle he fell asleep for the night so
thank you mom and dad for being there
while the kids sleep well with Jared I
and everybody go out to dinner so we're
all here we are so excited yes
snowboarding yeah you guys did so good I
was really impressed with everyone's
performance tonight and we were like
we've been talking about by airline
station fire safety we did one today too
I'm coming upstairs to where they had
our little romantic seating here for our
anniversary and I'm gonna see if I can
find it I want I did it right here and
let's see there it is there it is do you
see it do you see you guys I don't know
what that is I think that's an accident
nice J and E do you guys see that Jared
and Ellie it's just fun to go through
and remember all of the fun things that
you've done together
Ellie and I are coming up on seven years
of marriage is that crazy I'm tripping
over the plates I'm living in a place
where I'm shivering when I'm outside why
am i living in a place where I'm
shivering when I'm outside yesterday was
beautiful today was it's freezing cold
which made it for great skiing but not
for walking outside we were just about
to walk into the movie theater if the
doors will open and we're gonna go see
you know the more that I think about it
it's actually my fault that I was
freezing I'm not even wearing a coat
okay
two hours later Jerry what was your what
was your power
oh we just finished with the movie and
to be honest I jarred nice a lot of
going to movies that's what we would do
tons before having kids and I almost
can't enjoy them because I sit there and
think about the kids like don't like
worry or stress I just think about them
so I don't know I'm really anxious to
get home even though they're home and in
bed they're asleep
the ending of the what is it closed
again we don't want to give any spoilers
wide wall but what is it called
Allegiant the end of the Allegiant
wasn't my favorite it ended I was like I
love the series but we're on our way
home I think we're gonna go ahead and
say thank you guys so much for watching
we hope you have a wonderful day and
we'll see you guys next time
