good morning guys happy Easter Sunday we
are all getting ready for church we're
squeezing uncle Kevin's nose to see what
he can do can I squeeze your nose yeah
ready
look I've got it you want it back to
your truck with your nose so the cousins
are here we even help out Linda here are
you gonna come to church it comes out
like that yeah Happy Easter
so we're all getting ready to go to
church and then later today we have a
massive easter egg
okay
sometimes these eggs are fun to just
push with your thumb and break that's
okay so Joel Kevin and I are about to go
out and lay all of these drinks now
there are two very important things that
you guys may have saw before they look
like this these are the golden eggs and
$20 bills don't tell the kids you got
toyou are bills gone and then you have
about 380 eggs to go hide okay what's
happening because I ate the other 20
like enough mmm no I'm sure dad
probably wants us to keep an inventory
of everywhere we place an egg so we're
not finding them throughout the year
I'll make a map chart yeah we're gonna
have a 10 by 10 grid of the yard
I make sure we have all NASA did he find
like an egg last summer that was like
three years old I think he said he
recently found one too hi every year my
grandma does this and you have like your
name on an egg and every year pretty
sure I find the year before zeg year old
candy it's a good grandma this is good
taffy
I've got the two golden eggs right here
and I know I'm where I'm gonna put the
first one this is gonna be difficult for
some of the kids we're gonna put this
bad boy
right here that's a good spot I think
that's a great spot your head here is
the second gold one right behind there I
think that's a good spot oh I just had a
good idea
this egg I just felt like home with PEG
there's nothing in there there's nothing
inside of it so I'm gonna climb to the
highest point I possibly can place to
say people are gonna think oh wow there
must be something good in that egg it's
way way up there let that be a lesson to
you I'm not sure what the lesson is but
let it be a lesson to you open that tree
somewhere this is usually how it is mom
and Ruby are the best at like just being
in the kitchen cooking so they're
cooking and the rest of the family is
all just literally like crashed we're
all just like eyes glazed because we all
went to CVX live and except at Lynda you
don't go to CVX life and Jared what did
you say it was it was oh you have first
game of the playlists playing
that's like everyone there are just so
many people and you touch so many hands
they're together play everyone gets sick
the victim of iris we're thinking like
was what czx cbx IPS because especially
Davey and I were very vocal about like
like all the nerves and stuff like IBS
your Rizal syndrome so Stevie X IBS is
what I came up with so we're all just
kind of talk about how the weekend went
we're all talk about how grateful we
were for all the people we met anywhere
ly how much we've been and about how
much you think so we're all sitting here
waiting Brian and Missy and they should
be here sooner all have dinner the party
has arrived the party CVX IBS yes hey
guys how's it going what's up buddy you
guys ready to rock and roll
oh good morning Molly we're good you
want to see Jackson land down Oh saving
up all the energy for the Easter egg
hunt for show you're gonna be legit man
I should say yes
yeah Cody Cody is picking up oli
everybody's introducing each other so we
have a huge hole fam family here right
now Easter eggs yes we're gonna go
through egg
up all the kids here we're all waiting
Jared's filming outside the door to keep
him entertained for like 5-10 minutes so
what are we gonna do we are getting
ready Jackson do you know what to do you
stay here just do it we're gonna all go
pick up eight
that's this airplane Kate Ollie and
Jackson are you ready here to go pick up
some eggs and put it in your bath day
yeah say yeah Jackson yeah there's about
300 eggs so I think there's plenty for
everybody
Oh
Oh
are you guys done I can't read you want
me to do it here you putting about
- t1
love
one
Oh
Oh
yeah you hit the jackpot
Jackson and Calvin got some Tonka trucks
for Easter and oli you are loving it huh
and Calvin akshay's over here like
trying to stand up on this he loves it
I'm so glad to see that they're enjoying
them is that cool yeah
so we just had an awesome Easter egg
probably the biggest Easter egg hunt
ever that we've ever done especially
with our family but now we're all inside
we're all hanging out and brian is going
to perform some of his music and they're
warming up I didn't know you've played a
lot of classical that's great Brian yeah
I actually just look at the piano yeah
some like modern classical music and
everything that's that's good that's you
know the variety is very important you
don't want it just to stick to one genre
there you go so it's been requested that
I sing this is known this is what
happens when you go into Ellie's house
all these parents house if you have any
sort of talents you show it off when I
first started dating Ali they're like
hey Jared here's a guitar start playing
I'm not even joking that's exactly what
happens so you're here you have your
band yeah and you're playing I just
remember like the first time I was here
it was like right after we releases his
home come on
yeah and we wouldn't live like we turn
on the iTunes radio and it would come on
yeah crazy I still haven't I remember
that yeah I'm here hearing it on the
radio isn't that crazy
it's crazy
we're either hacking the system or
editing YouTube videos something like
that a little bit of both cassie says
guys we have a big day tomorrow so we
are going to call it a night thank you
guys so much for watching the video have
a wonderful Easter and we will see you
guys tomorrow thanks for watching bye
