good morning guys I feel so much energy
right now I'm just so happy it's just
been so fun but Missy texted me and said
all he can't stop talking about Jackson
so I said well I'm really I'm gonna come
up and say hi so Jackson oh this way no
elevator today let's go see oh this is
them oh they're really close to us yeah
Jackson can you knock on the door knock
like a little body writing huh CEO Lee
oh
say hi olli play oh well that was
anti-climatic oh but they were really
really send each other's names oh and
now Jackson has this toy - look you won
your reason oh my gosh look at him
hi cutie hey art for me are we ready to
have a good day
I think really okay so major confession
time here guys I may have left our
laptop at the convention center last
night luckily there was someone there
one of the founders of CB x was able to
pick it up because he was already there
and and saved it for me I picked it up
this morning and I just finished editing
the vlog and we have a meet up in 45
minutes should be that we should be
there right now but I am busting my butt
trying to get this edited and uploaded
right now it's gonna be great Carter are
you ready to have a good day mhm
Emily are you ready have a good day
Calvin are you ready to have a good day
yeah
working up a good day boy that was
stressful but finally the vlog is
uploaded I just spit on my not the vlog
is uploaded I am ready and we are ready
to go to our first meetup of the day
we've got an exciting mainstage plan -
it's just gonna be fun and I the thing
that I like about stage time this time
yeah we have did your presentation
yesterday and then we did the dance -
just amazing and then today we're just
kind of hanging out and doing some games
yeah the thing I like about CVX live is
it's very like I think intimate is the
right word but we're gonna have a bunch
of viewers come up on stage with us and
we're gonna have fun we're gonna play
some games and just be together it's
gonna be good
hey guys we are just starting up our
meetup the kids are good for a second
Jackson's over there clarence darrow
grandpa how that's good our arms for a
minute it's so nice to me all of you
guys that have just
seriously we're starting to meet up and
we're very excited Tyler hi
Tyler's here last year what did you see
his shirt yesterday yeah sure yesterday
said I were feeling him now is that
yesterday you had Elliot Jared Daly but
now Tyler you're rare and daily but
what's the deal yeah Tyler loves Calvin
to Jackson Jackson can you come say hi
to Tyler he came last year it was so
sweet should we get a picture with Tyler
that's all of us yeah okay
oh my goodness we just wrapped up our
second Meetup and it was so awesome I
felt so bad they had to like cut the
line just because it was going so long
but it was so nice to meet everyone who
is so cool and now we're just hanging
out here in the green room we just had
lunch we're talking about dad is
everybody like out stop talking about it
they're gonna have little teasers up
they're gonna have a full like nice
quality 4k video go up we are so excited
we all like want to just dance like
talking down right now Jared J and I are
going to keep practicing our dance and
we're for sure to learn another day
we're gonna do like I don't think you
know they have like dances at weddings
and stuff we're gonna have another
wedding and we're gonna do that yeah
okay and I won't drive you today very
well I didn't drop her but it was pretty
close I've got to go I've got to go put
some nylons on my face okay
whatever I'm not even joking Wow hey
professor surprise for us tonight I
thought it would be a pop like Pringles
hitting the face yeah got me right in
the face
okay mmm I love a so fresh tennis yeah
all right so oh this takes me back to
Brian's house these are size they're
different than pantyhose or are they are
these nylons are pantyhose
these are pantyhose no these are nylons
hey this is a thigh high so we're gonna
have someone hold it and then they have
to like blow into the camp blow it off
so finally dude yeah anybody they
finally get a moment just a brine injure
a J
Jer Jer I'm right Brian jaren right you
know they're so light they just get
whiter every time someone asked me if I
could fit my whole fist in my mouth
cause like have you seen my people way
too big oh it's a
houses Hawaii amazing how was your
meetup long how I'm so good to see you
yeah dude are you ready to perform today
no you're gonna do awesome you're gonna
do sauce on the cash keep it chill keep
the cash and chill
I just gonna go there and back down you
guys it's nice huh not this is why I
need the ball we're hanging out
backstage studio seats about to go and
they're they're premiering Daniel Scott
sterling - and I'm excited dude charity
are you ready I don't know I'm so
excited I'm so excited to see this
there's something there's something
special what happens where - Jarrett's
combined it is about to happen the power
is real and we're about to see it on
screen is it gonna be great where's it
gonna go on the live on YouTube you came
I did 27
i knitted it myself before I don't know
when you're releasing this but it might
be the same dad okay you'll love it
you're gonna love it
special cameo we'll see here's a
situation we have a lot of viewers out
here I even see my siblings played the
bad guys okay let's get ready to go are
you giving the cue
I'm so excited for this I can't wait to
see your faces okay on your marks get
set go
oh you guys you're holding all the way
should we try that again and like have
you guys Mohawk let's try it again
Oh
good job good job good job
he doesn't like to be like do you want
to get out
slowly seeking it
don't us every time I'm around Davey I'm
always like but I'm sure they think I'm
just weird okay or a hashtag awkward but
Davey reminds me so much about like your
your mannerisms like the way you talk
that you act like you to remind me a lot
of each other yes this week I did a face
swap man ago but anyway I think you two
are amazing that I really enjoyed the
booth so what are they were the evil
twin who would it be
why guess a bow
we both have deep down eagle other
brother head-to-head
okay maybe cutest one win may the one
that can grow facial hair win I want you
to feel my victory okay get it
Oh
big bye-bye everybody
Oh
run to the front row gotta run to the
front row so I can see my friend Brian
guy see my friend Brian
I'm here to see my friend Prime
who knew
like us
that's all
but from
Hey
No
Oh
and then we'll just get it like right in
here and just a little right in there
right there is an abdomen sore right
here to you right there okay there you
go how's that that good right in the
gluteus area gluteus medius we'll get it
down and deep in there I would show you
but it's inappropriate seriously we
could not have them thank you so much
good you are going to do this I am I'm
so glad we love our grandkids I'm not
sure they love us
well I think a lot of the times you guys
were probably the bad guys today we were
took a break from us being the bad guys
for all your running for mom and dad
time yeah and we are going to give it to
them and we'll probably see you guys
tomorrow for Easter
yeah yeah I'm excited happy Easter yes
happy Easter to everyone watching off
Easter this we'll see you guys later
thank you thank you people thank you
thank you again so much buddy
she is getting a well-deserved massage
well well how are you kidding mr.
Jackson was laying right here
Oh Tony good good good every convention
is different every convention screamer
in green room is different but this is
where the creators go after meet up for
lunch is usually they bring in lunch
today I think they brought in buffalo
wild me and everybody this is kind of
like the the networking people ask well
this is questions up here and it's just
like a relaxation so we have kids beyond
kids we've got Jack suey
you know all the kids some because
they're playing video games there's
groups of people talking there yeah
watch what you're doing the moms are
getting mad at the kids um you know
there's just every one is just kind of
in their own area talking feeding into
this is what the granary looks like I
kind of wanted to show you guys I don't
know if we have before but
kind of fun huh when you're going back
and forth on something it is good just
to make the executive decision and um be
parent Jared and we Jared decide he's
gonna hang out with his brother and the
friends because we don't have a shot
yeah I'll say and I thought I'm gonna
take I'm gonna go home with the babies
I'm gonna get you a nap and you got a
carrot and you guys are going to go to
bed so I'm going to go home with the kid
I'm gonna get it into that Jared get a
hangout oh and I goodbye to you guys
before we go we are taking of one last
look and we're taking our table we had
everyone sign our table at the meetup
yesterday and this is what it looks like
how fun is this if you guys see your
name neither like take a picture or
comment below if you guys can see your
name that you signs so I'm so glad we
did this
so here's a situation man and I are
having a little mandates increase
tomorrow so we're going to see Batman vs
Superman right now a superhero like
Superman
anyway yes two L's later well we just
wrapped with the movie and I enjoyed it
that's all I'm gonna say is I enjoy it
what do you think man it was a good
movie it was yeah so gotta pack up got
to go to the hotel get all our stuff and
I am making the drive to Ellie's parents
house because tomorrow we are going to
have an awesome Easter egg hunt it's
gonna be great
well guys I have everything packed up
and I am ready to make the long drive
home back to Ellie it was so fun hanging
out with my brother and just having a
little bit more time with him I wanted
to thank you guys so much for the
awesome time at CVX live for all of
those who came saw us and met us it was
so fun being with you guys and spending
the weekend with you guys let's give a
big thumbs up on this video for CVX live
and how fun and amazing it was thank you
guys so much for watching the video and
we'll see you guys tomorrow on Easter
Sunday have a wonderful day and we'll
see you next time bye
by travelpod member
