excitement is in there
Oh happiness and joy it's gonna be a
full oh man you're right okay guys today
is the very first day of CVX live here
we go let's get to it
so we're starting off the day today I am
giving a presentation I'm going to be on
stage in front of these two people here
talking about something no I just they
haven't opened up the doors of yet but
I'm going to be above stage talking
about vlogging and everything and it's
just it's crazy that they even like
invited me to talk about this sort of
thing like I feel so honored and
privileged to be speaking amongst all of
these people here and you're coming to
CVX live it's it's absolutely
mind-boggling and I just feel so happy
to be involved with this and it's so
cool that like they picked me to speak
early like they think that I have
something important to say you did I do
I do and I'm excited about it
I can't wait I'm so honored and I feel
so like privileged to be on stage on the
main stage talking about blocking and
and how we can improve as a community
how we can improve as a specific channel
and all of those sort of things cause
they're so Kiowa so that was a wrap I
just finished up on my presentation I
think you live
I don't know he was good there's
whenever you get on stage and we you
talk you always forget like some of the
most important things like you want to
remember what yeah very well if you're
in the audience it was awesome right
maybe let me know okay interacting with
us we're getting old it's so fun today
just like go go go and I love it I kind
of live on that and bow and maybe I need
to say landings Julia or did not just
wait over there
yeah we just got word that mom and dad
just pulled up with the kids and we are
gonna go see them and I'm so excited
like I have two couple hours it's only
but she's posting a picture of all over
siblings she's so excited to have that
picture and I'm just excited to see the
kids cuz it's only been a couple hours
but I like I miss them so much
hi Cal like buddy he's like where's mom
where's mom there's mom I smile there's
mom he likes his mommy a little too much
for my liking he didn't like me where as
much Jackson hi buddy hi and he had fun
today you like her
yeah yeah look at Jackson oh there he
was that was good he was just standing
next to Parker like it's like yeah this
is my dad just standing next to my dad
it was the cutest thing
one of the coolest things that they have
here in the green room is they're
actually doing free massages and mom is
taking advantage of that right now
yes I am
it is wonderful oh man we should do this
more often yeah no free massage part
yeah and I think we hit it long enough
Jackson knows exactly where the treats
are this is a kid's paradise right here
look at all these Jackson is that good
his mouth is full
he can't even answer the question why I
told me that she was really really
nervous for her Geeta and I came down to
meet up she's only about ten minutes in
and she should not be nervous like
should I be nervous look at all most
people
so I just want to at least tell her that
I was gonna stop and say hi I just
wanted to say hi because I said I would
say hi you're good yeah in there guys
away we're going to our meetup right now
I'm very clear I see that for the week
yes this is like the most exciting part
space because we actually get to see and
meet each and every one of you and it's
just so exciting so let's let's take a
little peek here hey
oh my gosh you guys are so awesome yes
this is the world's bravest two-year-old
this is so high
you can
Calvin
you
we just got done with our Meetup and we
have a little private meetup that we're
doing later and last year we have the
kids there because it was a little more
intimate the kids could just run around
in the room and grab I just called me
and asked if he wanted to bring the kids
over but they took Jackson to a zoo I
can't wait to see the footage and he
said that the kids have been playing all
day and I said just take them the hotel
bathed them because they're ready for
bed so rather than making them come into
a room I just said just take them room
to bed Jared and I are just hanging out
we had a awesome
I try do a straight face I can't did you
have a good day I've had a lot of fun
fun okay I've had five good well
actually Jared's over there
Jerry's talking to Aspen but it's been
really fun a lot of energy we're excited
to continue the day to read everybody
and then do their dance more well I want
to paly camera because I think that this
was so relaxing I want to do this every
I've been business it's like so I love
the what is this even call this is a
like a they call it a super fan a super
fan meetup but it's just been really fun
to sit and literally just talk and ask
questions and it's just been very fun
this really has been like relaxing like
I've loved like sitting here and just
like talking like I instead of sitting
at the computer and you know writing
about comments like we're actually
talking with everyone and we really
appreciate it this has been very fun for
Jared Nye and I hope it's been fun for
you guys so thank you thank you guys
this is a dance competition we've talked
about so many times that we are getting
ready to do this dance competition
Ashley is prepared everybody with
professional outfit so I decided hey um
we are just so ready to go I cannot wait
my nerves are going crazier I am more
nervous about this than almost anything
in my entire life it's because it's like
a legit thing I'm so excited yes my
stomach's I have little ear was upstairs
in the creamer and my head was spinning
I I was I was getting nervous yeah I've
never had that happen before in my life
so I'm like ah I'm nervous I'm it's just
fun it's like nerves everything it's
gonna be great
I heard that day because the same issue
that I have yeah nervous pips
yeah I got it oh my god hi yeah it's
like I'm nervous oh my gosh I gotta get
version showing up and I'm like sure
he's get lower when thrown up I know I
know I still be nurse because this is
excitement that I already have - how
much fun we're gonna try to fireknife
I'm always
got this in the bag oh my gosh oh my
gosh it's the Sanderson sisters okay we
are going on right now are you guys
ready you ready you ready you ready to
judge you guys ready for this baby ready
what I'm ready so let's do this for us
are you ready Maddy oh I think we got I
think we have to find some
you
you know
and we ship our
five
oh my god I thought he did really well
thank you thank you so much I appreciate
you sticking around we're doing at the
same time thank you my what a day an
amazing fun-filled day I don't know how
the vlog is good different I have no
idea how the vlog is going to interpret
how her day was oh my god but a day was
amazing incredible fantastic
unbelievable mom thank you thank you for
being a part of it every day we are
going to crash and hopefully not burn oh
thank you guys so much for watching and
we'll see you guys tomorrow
CBI
travel
