the best part of waking up is folger
than your cup you know we should do not
nervous not the same yeah so that's the
coffee actually the best part of waking
up in hotel room is breakfast cup come
on let's go eat
let's go eat
do you have any more topics little
literally Donna laughs that'll be
perfect thank you I have your shoes and
look what I have
look what mom gave us yeah I'm gonna
hold on to it kay let's put your shoes
on okay you ready hey you're so cute
push the L good job you did it so
Jackson and I have a handful of quarters
and we just found out that the hotel has
an arcade with some car games so we're
going to go take our handful of quarters
where you play some car games you ready
buddy yeah let's go play yeah I never
thought I would see this in person it's
a blue screen of death on this coupon
this racing game Kate Jackson it looks
like you're going solo on this one I'll
sit right here and you play this game
kay you ready I'm gonna put some
quarters in for you let's see where do
we put the quarters but take that
quarter and put it right in there
whoosh there's one yay monies three okay
alright let's press Start you ready to
race young man okay looks like I might
have to hit the pedals for you alright
Jackson I think we're gonna make a good
team you got the wheel I got the gas you
ready so we're figuring out where to go
for lunch I said Dupin it's healthy have
you got me scallop is white and dad said
sounds like a chicken place that's what
I said but it's awesome
so dad sitting down and he's like you
gotta try it you got taketake goodbye
the sandwich you're loving it yeah
you're loving it I know this chick place
is pretty good
so last year at CGI we had a booth and a
banner and everything and we just walked
it look it up and how your price you can
picture us okay
all right let's let's do that are you
guys ready to see the banner of truth
and justice and freedom and all that is
good one two good I think it looks great
I think they put a little teeth
whitening on us I know they look extra
white it looks so good yeah awesome hey
thanks for helping
Oh thumbs up Jackson wait Jackson wait
Jackson you've never rolled down a hill
before do you want to roll down the hill
with Daddy should we roll down the hill
okay okay lay down like this lay down
like this turn sideways and then we're
all Jackson roll oh that's a grass stain
waiting happen
okay let's go to play at the park let's
go Oh No Jackson oh crap he's like I
don't care
slide play fun activities having fun
going down slide runaround I don't care
my bums wet I'm gonna slide down this
way I'm gonna climb up it that's what
I'm gonna do baby
is that fun girl these are the slides
that you is just like bonk your head as
you go down fun one two three
oh come in Jackson I did it welcome down
let's come on for what goes up must go
I don't know run
Calvin's in there's violence violence
yeah his eyes got real big we'd have fun
boys I don't care this is one of the
moments we've been waiting for we're all
doing a group picture with all the
dancers dude yeah let's see it lets see
it busted out man
oh all of the dancers are here we are
all in our get up we are getting ready
to dance
April Dave you're up there practicing in
a little warm-up slow warmup um Stuart
edge and Maddie just went and then
ginger excited
ginger Carla next adventure today so
this is the last official practice
before the dance-off challenge this is
no like this is no joke as not to be
taken lightly it really has been like a
production like everyone is practiced
really hard so it's gonna be really fun
borrow at 7 p.m. be here in the day
today yeah so today today when Jer and I
went to our first convention we felt
like we should hold right in the
Susanne's because we were nervous or
like you're our friends give me hold
your hands
this is Bonnie Jo's first convention and
why I wanna do is hold your bodies
literally like our ears and now the
elegy are literally run Ianelli our
fingers but now that we've been to
several conventions it's like it's fun
if that's all it is like people go have
fun it is a little overwhelming
I'm just because it's just like there's
just so much energy in the air it is so
fun it's like an exciting overwhelming
it's just like I just don't know how to
contain all my energy yes please
so we are on the way to do the void
that's what we're doing right now before
the ritual reality experience I'm
excited
it looks like Bonnie and Joel just
finished up their little virtual reality
experience okay guys first thoughts
hello thank you my dog's scary scary
oh very scared I was not I thought so
how much oh my god did you hear the
screaming through the wall anybody you
just like just making sure you're safe
would you see if I did do it yes you
have to you have to you're gonna do it
yes I don't get what you're yeah you
have to do it fine I'll do it for the
experience I don't wanna feel like you
owe me 100 times forever Ellie are you
nervous I'm nervous I'm fine and
I can't wait so we're about to go into
the void and this is the gear that we
have to put on this is like the the
stuff to put us into the alternate
dimension right I think it's gonna be
it's different it's literally like oh
I'm I don't have words I'm done I'm so
excited like I can you cannot wipe this
smile of my face I'm ready oh so you
can't do it Lisa
initiate
gear here you go blah-blah-blah-blah
gonna tighten it on the back of your
head right here yeah Ellie the
spiderwebs like that was oh it wasn't
you're in a video get your immerse like
yeah I got mad at Jerry said don't know
yeah why going like oh my god that is so
real like you could feel the leaves we
were falling off the best cool thing we
felt the leaves I have a torch like did
we miss anything that we should have
done the fire you got a fire the
spiderwebs the torch believe amazing
winds the air okay but you got the water
is available Wow
hey Davey you by might under every
convention I kidding
it's just a junk I go do you always end
up buying my dinner trainer everyone's
like no this is really nice we just got
to dinner and everybody is sitting
getting ready to eat and just wiggling
our way in Oh
Ellie's in the mix Tootsie Roll cooper
cubed
yeah
we seriously had such a fun day today it
was only the pre day we still have like
two days of CBS yes we are so excited um
we're so excited to see you guys
tomorrow we're so excited for our dance
were nervous and excited yes we'll see
us do a series like buh-bye
by
