when leaving the house always make sure
you take out the trash and flush the
toilets oh and do the dishes because you
don't want to come home to a stinky
house with sticky dishes poopy diapers
and what else was it clothes or iron
musta you got to make sure your house is
a little picked up before you leave
because you don't want your house too
steep
you
you ready ready are you ready yeah let's
go let's go yeah that'd be so funny of
our car didn't start we are officially
on i'm CVX convention mode we're excited
we are heading down we have our last
dance practice today and Calvin had his
first time out today
oh don't be shocked you the one they did
it do you remember say yeah that's right
like I'm putting you in the corn writing
you in the corner I was like Calvin
you're getting you're getting in too
many places and too many onions like
attacking your head oh yeah I have my
glasses on and he just like what
slamming my head and grab my glasses and
rip them off if you have glasses like
you know that hurts
put your face you're going to take that
one today order Ellie this is the
moneymaker we've got to be careful with
this okay yes baby yes yes Ellie it's
time you spread your wings and fly
and be your own bird okay you don't
always have to copy what Bonnie does
like these I just want you to get me a
cheese like a cheesy bagel like the
Bonnie caught me last time I'm just
saying we don't always have to do what
Bonnie does Jerry go get you I don't
like jester Java jizz I want to bake on
you they have that stuff there I just
didn't care what I'll get me a cheesy
bagel I mean or some sort of bagel here
you go hey did you freakin baby
mmm you just want a bagel just get you a
baby okay I got the Jamba Juice now I'm
just gonna go next door I'm gonna get a
big one this one no he's just wants a
bagel the line it's a long long line -
I've got her bagel right here I hope
it's what she really wants and desires
because I don't even know what she wants
I just hope she likes it it's a big old
they wanna make another stop at a store
next door and get a bagel or something
like here's your bagel II hope you like
it hope you enjoy thank ya
so our way down to where CVX live is we
stopped at Ellie's parents house just to
pick up the things that we had dropped
off that I forgot that I needed for the
trip so we're here and I went inside to
go get some of the stuff and I just want
to show you Ellie and her mom because I
think it's the cutest thing ever
these guys you're just sitting in the
car talking Ellie just got Ellie's mom
just got in the driver's seat and
they're just chatting having a good time
are you girls just chit-chatting in here
that's so cute okay well I'm getting a
phone call so you guys keep talking okay
we're laughing at our true family tag I
just got in the car we're talking about
emojis and family text messages and this
is just funny right here we didn't want
to get the kids out because we're going
like right night now so we're like let's
just hop in the car now Wow a little
family powwow in our tiny tiny car this
is we're in a clown car right now
oh you should see our trunk and you live
in your car yeah like everything you
need is like an hour away yep yeah no
matter where we go as long as there's an
escalator Jackson is happy and he has
the right one it doesn't matter if we're
going up or down he wants to ride but he
loves it more than anything so now we
got to go find the down one do you want
to go down on the escalator
are you okay let's go say escalator
redress you returned the blueberry
turned it so wide it off oh man I had
buyer's remorse because it just didn't
fit is look is life it just is a little
too short for my life yeah I just love
it
okay here we go one two three jump good
job
was that fun okay does this not look so
cool to you all of the clouds took white
and fluffy and then you can see the
mountains right there with the snow on
it
uh-uh yeah those across the mountains
are over this way cause you were so
close early were you thinking I was
stupid for the camera I was just like I
wonder what she's gonna literally look
like this hey it looks like a it looked
like it let me show you over here so
over there you could see the mountains
with the snow on it oh my gosh
Oh baby look today
you're welcome to well I think we should
wait I think we should try it on she
can't wear the same thing I'm wearing
what oh come on
blue difference oh my gosh holy cow
Ashley where are you going get back over
here
hello hi several couples a knot just
like a simple dance like an intense
professional dance that we're doing guys
it's been fun yes it's really fun I have
to say it's it's it's been it's brought
yard light closer together
luckily oh well wife is a CLIA for like
the dance like don't think about that no
joke I never knew that you could
communicate another way like that
dancing is a communication and it's
something that we fought about and some
that we loved and something like it is
amazing brought us close together
strengthened I want to always dance I
wanna dance with you thank you Ashley
this is this is so great so you got you
guys already know Ashley she's been
around for a little bit
she's a professional dancer she's
professional dancer hot you've been on
for seasons with Dancing us yes I've
been on for season of Dancing with the
Stars and her husband was Jared's old
boss did that crazy that's what a small
world
yeah part of the YouTube world is
because of Jared and Ellie yeah well I
was going to say so I've mentioned the
dance-off a few times in the vlog before
but I haven't gone into great detail
about it the dance-off is something now
actually and Mike this is like your
brainchild and then they're like Jared
can we do this I'm like yes let's do
this like let's put it on YouTube like
the whole dance-off is is going to
conventions going around different
and we're having youtubers being taught
how to do dance lessons where where
Ashley's going to teach a bunch of
people we're going to do it at VidCon
and all of these different places
throughout the years it's going to be
awesome so like your favorite youtubers
are going to be doing this and not only
just doing this Carly um who else is
going to be like Stuart edge is gonna be
there for CBS professional yacht is
going to be judging a dance
judging and she's a hard judge and then
I'm actually dancing myself while
they're tallying who's gonna win the the
other aspect of the dance-off which I
think is one of the coolest part is
we're not just doing this for
entertainment we're actually raising
money for charity this is one of the
biggest things so one thing that Ellie
and I are going to be doing when we do
this in the future is we're going to be
raising money for infertility awareness
and those who are you know suffering
through infertility there's also like
breast cancer all of these different
charities we're raising money for
through the dance-off so I mean this is
a big project that her and my are
digging into yes yes so they're also
vlogging about it so I'll have all the
information listed down below their
YouTube channel the dance off YouTube
channel check it out there's already a
few videos up there which it's exciting
deal there's give me more videos coming
up the rest this week yes for all the
couples that are going to be on the
first dance off season so this is going
to be remarkable the other cool cool
thing about it is each couple that I'm
teaching your personalities like all
your personalities are very different
but each dance is what your personality
is like when you saw Carla Harlan did
yours yes it fits them just this cheeky
like very you know just fun and I have
to say sexy in some way just bring that
aspect and each dance each person has
it's just my face really hurts from
smiling so much from watching them dance
like that's what I yeah thank you
let's practice one more time okay Friday
night at 7:00 be there at CVX life post
at sessions we have we have a screaming
baby I have to show you his new skills
huh coughing ha ha ha blah blah blah
blah blah you can you say hi dad in
there
hi hi I have a little saucer that they
can sit in oh yeah hi moms with their
highchair so we can burn well the kids
don't have to be like we're hot we're
having a huge dinner tonight
No and Ashley's I'm excited we have
Ashley and ginger here it's on oh it's
on we saw each other's dances we both
are really good
every time Ellie does this you guys are
gonna love it yes yeah all right we are
all checked into our hotel room and now
we must go we get in and we have to go
out this is a pretty sweet room though
we got like a little bar thing here
we've got our little room right here
I've got a little screaming baby over
here it's gonna be great go good fun so
we're having dinner with a bunch of
creators so everyone's around here we're
having dinner hi fires I am talking
about your babies right now um they have
the twins and I swear she is reading she
is reading my soul this is a hard baby
negative because she actually just a dog
she looks just like I know she's
beautiful she she she's beautiful she's
been smiling at me she is so sweet
yeah they they have the twins Jared came
and snatched the other one
your guys's girls are beautiful they're
beautiful
how dare you think are they beautiful
look at their beautiful oh pretty did
you so little I mean it wasn't too long
ago that Calvin was a size but I know a
little bit I know I know I know I know
oh yeah we're all in dinner it's really
fun to talk to everybody because
sometimes at the conventions you don't
always have time to talk to the creator
so it's kind of fun to like sit down and
have dinner so thanks to Mike and Ashley
for hosting it oh thank you guys yep
what is this chunks it is not a
choo-choo train buck dg2 grandma buy
that for you yeah Wow
let me see you open it up for Shirley
the cheap ah that looks like an actually
the coolest book me what did your dad go
yeah did you see the water hey black
dawn and he's saying what he's saying
water different little white I was just
gonna say that's like peace it's cuz
he's keep saying it better he's just
getting older and getting Wawa none see
that's a he wouldn't you say Wawa
forever Wawa and n Uncle Jews and now he
says I go chill out like dog oh yeah
I love that he's learning but I also my
agency I don't want to grill a ball ball
I don't execute a wah wah what else did
the water do wah wah what did we see the
water do like I did it
bubble whoa blah blah did a bubble my
booty lots of bubbles in the water yeah
yeah dad and I just got back from
Walmart and we got way too many crazy
things for CVX live we went and we got a
bunch of nylons yeah pantyhose what's
the difference between pantyhose and
nylons I'll answer just one pantyhose
are connected well now you know have you
ever bought pantyhose before dad not
since I last used it as headgear to rob
a bank so we're gonna have an awesome
week thank you guys so much for watching
have a wonderful night and we'll see you
guys tomorrow bye
