is your little guy gonna go party oh
don't put in me and just have them
pretend cute you can put them over it
yeah like that do you wanna go party
look do you want to go party yep drunk
I'll sit on it yeah
good morning guys more often than not
this is how our morning goes we wake up
usually all around the same time we all
go down and eat breakfast the kids play
with toys Jarrod goes and works and then
usually what I do with the kids is like
over him to room so the kids will play
their toys downstairs maybe a movie will
be on I will do the dishes I'll clean up
the kitchen
we'll all pick up the toys together we
pick up the toys and put the toys away
like all the time you think we just
leave them out all day and put them away
at night but we're always picking up and
stuff and just because I like that but
we'll pick up all the toys and then we
go room to room we just went into
Jackson's room I gathered all the trash
up I always get the kids dressed at the
same time usually I do their hair and
then you know we walk our way we stop
the laundry area right there and I
usually will throw a load in and then we
make it into our room and Jackson
usually always helps me with the bed and
then I block the doors so Jackson
doesn't get out and I will brush my
teeth wash my face get dressed and then
I will gather all the trash in our area
that way we go room to room kind of
pickup I bring the kids with me to keep
them contained I can watch them and I
usually try and make Jackson help
because these are the age where I can
kind of help put the pillows on the bed
and whatnot so then it becomes Calvin's
nap time so he is getting ready he needs
a nap so I'm going to feed him and I'm
gonna rock him I love rocking him and
then I'll lay him down and they'll go to
sleep that's a good little that's a good
little routine that we have going on
that I like Calvin I love he is now
solid on that you take two good naps a
day thank you for that
it's nap time and then Jackson says
daddy the whole time so as I get Calvin
down for a nap Jackson runs that's all
our laundry that I need to do he runs
into his office
ready drainin are you happy
it is raining today and I have my little
my little one-man guy right here with me
we are running into also I had to pick
up some dry shampoo a few other things
I'm out of a lot of you guys had said
that the Born This Way has some too
lighter shades so I was looking at those
and I just saw this line I've never seen
it before the lady said that it was new
and this is the name of it and I have
been testing the foundations this is the
lightest shade and me and Bonnie of a
hard time finding really light shades
I've been playing with everything on my
arm this line is amazing I want to like
get all and review it it is it feels
amazing to see yourself tricks and sell
the little camera thank you I just I've
been texting Bonnie non-stop where she
called she's like I was getting my hair
done I was like come dolled up so
Bonnie's gonna come and we're gonna like
fudge out and look at a bunch of stuff
coat draw smell it can I smell it I
really don't want you to drop it mmm
yummy let's put it right okay let's go
look at some other stuff what do you
think I told her we should just get it
and do like a first impressions huh yeah
pretty pink um hi I just have too many
motions I'm just really excited I think
we should try it I think it's awesome
this is all of our swatches these are
the swatches
how cute is Jackson sleeping on the
couch like that
I seriously walked down I was like oh oh
back it up back it that good
grab the camera film and then back up
Jackson and Calvin are both asleep and I
wanted to think this time and let you
know a little secret do you guys
remember when I was filming a video with
Joel and Carl and Jerry rigged
everything when you're next to a lake it
was freezing cold it was for a geek if I
guys well that video is out it's
available right now I'll have a link to
it down below funniest video I think
we've done on that channel yet I am
still cold from it go check it out make
sure you guys are subscribed to that
channel so you guys can see more stuff
we do videos every Tuesday Thursday and
it's hilarious I think you guys all love
it seriously just a laugh at me that's
really all the reason you need to watch
it is just so you can laugh at me
seriously I think that's why we came up
with the channel is to make fun of me
we're having a laundry day
huh that's that's waiting dr. Horrible's
sing-along laundry
see they're under things I'm aware hi
anything you need to watch it I remember
dr. Horrible's sing-along blog and
someone comment asleep
Jackson's asleep on the couch
i sat here mr. loevinger can top my muse
they're helping me so thanks for helping
me fold
I love lucky let the party begin we've
got the wax pot out the wax cream
dad you're next we are just getting
ready for CVX live by getting our
eyebrows hey at least I'm not the only
one oh what's that oh it's a little clip
oh I had my eyes closed
oh I just got a message no but we're
just having fun mom and dad are here we
just kind of chatted a little bit had
some lunch
and I think what we're going to do next
is we're going to go up to the property
and kind of identify some things that we
like about other people's houses like
their rock the rock placement the rock
size the roofing all of that stuff so we
have a good idea of what we need to do
when we talk with the Builder next and I
might fly the drone a little bit too you
look great so the Lighting's kind of
crazy and hew just that okay there
that's better so I kind of traced it so
I wouldn't overdo it but look how good
and clean that under looks and then over
here so that one has not been done this
one has I still need a pluck a few but
it's looking good you're next oh you got
away ready I gotcha
did Grandpa have you yep Calvin's coming
over he's like it's my turn oh my gosh
she was just crawling on his knees did
you see that why today he was just going
on his knees Calvin that's so great I
can't believe I didn't even realize he
seriously has been like climbing around
on all of these different things that
it's just like I don't even think about
him crawling on his knees this is so
exciting
around it my eyebrows are next you're
heavy for him you're heavy can you crawl
off him and then look at his face
crawl off of it thank you wrestle
wrestle are you wrestling hey Rizzo look
at them you pout you got it you got him
he won oh yeah get out of there get out
of there right you can hurry hurry get
out get out get out
I love your little shuffle do it again
he's shuffling everyday I'm shuffling
when my man a woman on out I mean in in
a new name new name in there closer to
the edge every back don't run into that
corner that's good are you ready for a
bath Jackson yeah
Calvin are you ready to take a bath you
ready for a bath yeah okay let's go 5 4
3 2 1 corndogs sing it with me Jackson
con dogs gone dog you're so good for me
go knock on dogs eat one just for me
even when the hot a time when the cold
even when the fresh eat it when they're
all gone dogs corn dogs gonna wash since
we sing that song dance buddy dance yeah
buddy
whoo whoo that's a good move yeah look
there he goes there he goes there guys
yeah you're crawling
haha she's like mom what's going on oh
now he's cute and that was so good whoa
Calvin we got your film with crawl on my
knees we're gonna call you a master
achievement baby more time
man you want corndogs - one more time I
do did you do did you get on those knees
knees knees like a knife go oh I tripped
him up my knee
stupid nay you tripped him up gosh darn
it
he's calling so much man he still loves
gonna crawl yeah that's our big
achievement baby right there oh I love
him oh you could do it Calvin even
though he's probably excluding us so
much faster for me that was that works
huh whatever I give you with you this is
a very efficient way of crawling or
singing go get him hey I love you too
Shh all of the kids are asleep all of
them most of the kids are asleep and
we're just getting ready for the night
we have a ton of packing to do we have a
ton of getting ready to do because we
are getting ready for an awesome
adventure for CVX live Ellie we've got
to practice our dance a little bit more
we've got to get ready it's going to be
great work getting our costumes ready
for it it's going to be amazing we want
to thank you guys so much for watching
the video if you guys aren't subscribed
this is the time to subscribe because
we're going to have an awesome time at
CVX live and do some dances it's gonna
be great so I hit the subscribe button
it just lets you know whenever we put
out a new video be sure to give that
video a big thumbs up I'll see you guys
time thanks for watching bye
member
