ah try me
this is my house
huh did you dinosaur eat you've been
feeding him all morning you you see your
spoon wow you how does dinosaur taste
ee2 done oh you shoot dinosaur en hey
wow make sure you get sawed to oatmeal
so he stays nice and healthy I still
cannot believe how many eggs we have
that we are going to do an Easter egg
hunt next week I could not even believe
it
good morning guys today is going to be a
fun day I am boiling some eggs right now
I never know how to do this I look it up
all the time do you have the boil the
water boiling and then put the eggs in
or do you put it in and then a little
boil but internet said to put them in
and then let it boil so we'll see we
have some stuff here that we are going
to dip some eggs and some dye we can
color them and these we saw a few days
ago it's foam egg foam animal eggs so
that will be kind of interesting Jackson
might like doing that but we're going to
just play a little bit this morning and
then Calvin has a little chiropractor
appointment
hey Calvin hi hi Calvin
guys this kid is so cute look at this
little bump nigga dick UNIFEM yes you
are so cute you wanna stand up stand up
I hope you dare you go
you look so stinkin cute I need to go
get a little bit over you because you
are teething
I think any day his um front teeth are
going to come in and I think it's going
to be so weird and different to see him
smile and like show teeth
it's crazy has three bottom teeth it's
so funny cuz Jordan I always laugh cuz
they're kind of crooked
oh okay someone is ready to paint some
eggs look at this little apron someone
made for us how fun is that
you ready Jackson you got your socks on
you got your egg painting socks on yeah
let's bang say it let's paint eggs which
you have the floor all the cute aprons I
thought this one I think I'm nothing
like yours yeah we've got D I think so
are that not not wearing red we've got
what's in Ellie's belly and we've got
that's yours the grill machine the grill
master master of the grill should I wear
this one yep I'm our original plan was
to have Calvin be sleeping but he is not
not not a happy he usually does really
good for his first naps but he's just
kiss it and play and all let him all
strap him in here and I'll have him eat
an egg while we decorate eggs I had no
idea what was even happening until the
crash happened but Jackson is just like
stacking these and he's doing so good
literally it was like all the way up
here I was probably there's probably
like eight or so stacked you're doing so
good
yeah I thought he was throwing him but
he was stacking them in there and
falling over our little boys are quite
the stacker it looks like the odds are
stacked against you
and
and birthday
huh what was going to be kind of was
turning into an ugly a and actually is
beautiful
it's almost sounds like this marble
effect I love it that's great
people marble actually look how pretty
that is
that's awesome Jackson okay what does
Jackson's
good job he's shuffling his feet oh no
mario is now dead hi to me a egg no he
certainly wasn't Jackson's and Mario
Drake hey baby
yeah Mario Brooke you're too happy about
that well we just finished painting all
of those eggs and that seriously was so
fun and then Jackson ruined everything
and you're breaking the eggs that's okay
we had fun while we were painting him
huh did you have fun Jackson I love how
good his turned out I know he's a little
J and then is little purple one yeah
it's like a marble a lot of you guys
know that I have been making videos for
the inter-mountain mom's Facebook page
the eighth and last video goes up today
I'll have a link down below if you guys
want to check it out I've talked about
babywearing I've talked about my
favorite baby products a little bit of
breastfeeding so go like their page go
check it out I've had a lot of fun
making the videos have 300 eggs at my
feet
actually it's closer to format hahaha
Jackson is asleep we've got the car
packed Kelvin is very sad Calvin Kell
okay I'm going to maneuver my way back
there
what you just just hide back there real
quick there's nothing in the way our
cars plenty big to carry all these
things I think we're packed
guys I think we're packed and we're
going to pick up mark we're going home
today do we're not even like we're
dropping stuff off hit mom's yeah I
gotta take care Calvin I'm already
treating I already called dibs you can't
take it I'm check see what did you just
say I and two hinges happily yelled at
when I have two hands Oh son that we
take for granted you know not everybody
has two hands Jackson does right now are
you happy that you have two hands I do
Jackson say I have two hands woohoo
Calvin is a long due for an upgrade and
we are so excited okay how did we did a
little wrong just admit Jetson hold
tight Jared wanted to face them together
so badly but I know Jax would want to
face out so and Calvin like so I gotcha
so this would be great hey go Jay go
Eddie cow
all right Calvin you have graduated you
are in your own seat how does it feel to
be graduated Calvin and you know it
doesn't matter but should Jack symbol in
the back income finding Calvin's should
go in the back that way he's a little
more concealed and protected look he
likes it look at his little arm he liked
it buddy
I think we're ready to go I think we're
ready to stroll ha ha ha ha I'm a dad
now I make that jokes you get having any
luck good kids oh oh they're great
okay you guys ready
show me the final verdict what are you
getting I can go get
and strap whoo baby that looks so good
sure I said it to my mom and sister and
they both said that they thought it was
really cute I like it yeah I think it
looks great I don't think it's too short
I think you know for summer my god would
wear this like on Thursday I have a
question who wants it for dinner
look at all that food oh yeah I didn't
come over today look how cute you guys
like Olivia look at her tennis shoes off
your hair looks so good Olivia thank you
sweetheart
yeah come on what are you guys doing
puzzles put back - oh this was such a
good idea let's bring you dinner
no thank you I got your code
I get your goodie I gotcha you're mine I
gotcha
Boston you're next get over your Boston
Oh Jackson you're next you're dead meat
one two three jump Ready Set push yeah
this is my house
try me this is my house ah
ah suplex
suplex we got here in mom's yard is
making me that much more excited for
ours mom and dad are just talk about the
plans that they have with their house
they're going to cement to all of this
or do something over here and just do
some fun things this summer and I'm just
so excited for our backyard so we'll
have an area to write and play it cannot
come soon enough
just like three more weeks in they start
building yeah I could not believe it
we're gonna have a fun summer yes
Calvin's rang Jackson's coat right now
excuse me the dog chili she's off
I know I get your feet down here we're
gonna spin one we're gonna spin Jack's
new to it one is the light nothing I
don't know what it is
sometimes make me laugh sometimes you
make me crazy
I'm glad you make me last laughs must at
the time I just said good vibe I don't
know what it is about today that I have
loved so much prior just because like we
have been with each other all day long
and I've just really enjoyed being with
the kids and with Jarrod I got a dress
maybe that's why I've left it is so much
but I got I got these two dresses I
think I'm gonna really love them for
summer maybe I'll wear this to the
convention this week what are you
looking oh and then the yen is so good
that little cool little uh scuba diving
egg I must feel bad we had fun today we
did we took the kids to a little water
feature thing tonight we didn't film it
but it was really fun thank you guys so
much for watching today we are so
excited for cbx if you guys haven't ever
gone to a convention I think you would
really enjoy CVX there's a lot of
creators that are going to be there a
lot of entertainment it's going to be
really fun
so Jarrod
you wanna see you guys tomorrow morrow
which is Tuesday hope you enjoy your
Tuesday which is a trashes Thursday okay
thank you
that's our trash day huh kiss you - no
funny what they might be interested in
that sort of thing
trash is Thursday so you have to get the
trash out one but I'm Michael Caine okay
we'll see you tomorrow bye bye bye
