happy Sunday everyone happy Sunday to
you dad how are you doing today I am
amazing
I know you are mashing some potatoes mom
made a roast you know what guys if we
would have known you were gonna be
having dinner like this on Sundays I
would have convinced you to move a long
time ago
are we getting you up to the table
little buddy one of the things that I
expect to happen over the next I don't
know 20 years is for you Jarrid me yes
to be able to kick my butt playing a
blues guitar I was gonna say I did
already taken a man it might take all 20
years for that Deb I know the only butt
kicking when it comes to blues guitar is
you kicking my butt but I think that's a
challenge I can accept okay challenge
made challenge accepted we'll see okay
but I'm but but you got to pay attention
for the next 20 years oh oh yeah I'll
make sure I learn from the best so I'll
find someone you know for how much music
we have in our family like the Meachem
family growing up we were playing piano
we would play guitar we would sing we
would do all of these musical things I
played the saxophone dad has a clarinet
all music aplenty but we had one rule at
dinner and what was that dad sing at the
table go cry before bed so why why sing
at the table cry before bed when there's
so much music around I mean there's we
have music playing right now cuz that's
what grandma applauding wasn't it you
know I don't know where I honestly don't
know where that came from house I was
not raised with that saying really
really well then how come how do mean
then why'd you say it is this like one
of those those roast stories where the
you know for generations and generations
they would cut the ends off on the road
yeah why well because cuz mom would do
it cuz Monica's mom would do it and so
we would ask mom why do you cut the ends
off the roast well cuz my mom would do
it well why would your mom do
and then so they went to grandma and
they asked and they said grandma why did
you why do you cut ends on the road my
Pamela just wasn't big enough you know
and that was the reason that generation
after generation they would cut on the
pan at the time oh yeah the pan they got
a bigger pan but they didn't know why
they did they just cut off the ends Russ
so that's probably the same reasoning
you have no idea why you just said it I
think it's because you guys were such
terrible singers hahaha I would say for
a half of us that's true
welcome to Utah weather where one day
seriously we were just talking about
like it's such a beautiful day today
it's like sixty degrees outside and then
grandma gray was saying it's gonna snow
this week it's 64 degrees right now
isn't it just wonderful yes it's
fantastic we're outside here just
playing Jackson's playing on the play
house mommy and Calvin just got done
swinging did you have fun on the swings
getting cranky it's just about time for
bed that's just beautiful I hear and I
think it's so fun that you guys have a
little play setting backyard for Jackson
and Calvin to plan before our house is
built oh my gosh he would sleep up there
if he could wake you up
bug do that that's funny
okay well we're gonna put the kids to
bed thanks for letting us come over and
have dinner you're all coming love you
guys we hope you do it a lot okay I
think I think if you're gonna under like
that I think you say goodbye to Grandma
and Grandpa give them hugs Oh
oh you're so sweet ladies and gentleman
it's that time again oh I guess you need
your babies that's me yes I will go get
some we are just getting ready
to put the kids down for bed
and I'm looking for the buck cream can't
find the buttercream got it by the Bott
cream Jackson should we read a book yep
okay let's read a book porn went beep
engine burn friendliest sounds you ever
heard
little blue truck went down the road
beep said blue to a big green toad toads
a rabbit and wink tonight when the
little blue truck went roll
by we're gonna say the chicken or chick
said man is it a goat blue said beep
Mary said a horse Matt is that a duck
beeps at the friendly little blue track
honk you the dome Chuck called me
through a bigger boat two things to do I
hadn't go Tom to pass today whatever
Doug
along the way room went to dump around
the curve he saw a puddle and he tried
to swerve into the mud rolled the big
fat truck and his big important wheels
got stuck is that a good book uh yep did
you like that one oh yeah what was it
called empty book I need a boot Chuck
dad did you have fun today
hey what you do e re k men men men men
oh did you watch minions oh yeah did you
and you watch Tommy I yell what else did
you do
hi-yah you were outside are you did you
you swing are you what else are you
doing The Playhouse
mhm he got icky bugs yeah did you cut in
this life oh yeah did you did you touch
any other bugs al did you see him
grandma grandpa I hope what did you do
at their house yes hey daddy
yeah the horse the horse he was asleep I
deal okay checks in case a good night
hello say good night okay bye bye guys
bye bye guys see you tomorrow I where we
have a crazy week ahead of us my nerves
are extremely I'm very nervous I'm very
excited it is CVX weekend and it also is
Easter weekend we're excited for CVX
were excited to meet you guys were
excited for our dance routine it's just
going to be a really fun filled weekend
but with that said Easter is on
Sunday so in a week Brian and Missy are
going to be here we're so excited to
have them and we are doing a huge family
dinner we're going to church we're going
to do dinner and we're gonna have an
Easter egg hunt and I told my family
that I would be in charge of the Easter
egg hunt and so I have to show you guys
we're doing it tonight because there's
not another night that we think we're
going to have time to do it so we have
all these eggs which it really doesn't
look like a lot but but there's a lot I
mean mind you this is my hand we may I
don't know maybe we'll go get more but
we saw some really quality eggs die out
Isaac and we have two golden eggs that
we're gonna do something fun with and we
have a few little so not every egg is
filled with candy we've got some cute
little toy things open in there and then
tons of candy so let's get our egg
packing skills on I think that'll be fun
yeah we're gonna pack all these eggs so
we don't have to do it later and we're
gonna have a lot of fun let's get to eat
date night I could eat some of that
oh that's what anything is a date night
I always say date night it any time this
just does like date night any time
there's like candy or sweets involved
like you know we're getting half of them
before they even end up in the eggs
we're gonna know I swear I mean this is
a lot of eggs how many eggs do you think
we have but let's count em up and then
we'll tell them we have over three
hundred and thirty six eggs you feel
messes 362 eggs that is not 300 eggs no
this is 362 eggs that doesn't look good
that's a lot of eggs oh my gosh
you still the golden egg it your your
head hey let's get going
Mike uh no so 380 something wow so we're
not just putting just like straight-up
candy and these eggs we have little fun
toys for all of the kids too for example
we've got these little surprise the
cuticle Trenton trains and that way it's
not just like 200 kids yeah but we've
got like Mickey Mouse and Sponge Bob and
Toy Story and just lots of fun things
that kids will like and they'll be so
excited to open up it's kind of like a
little surprise when you open up these
Easter eggs I want to open some of them
up maybe up on the dollar bill and one
of them
there you have all of the hoes eggs can
you believe that we didn't even finish
all of the eggs we ran out of candy back
there back there th and we have all of
these specialty eggs filled with like
toys and goodies and stuff and these are
just have candy inside of them I mean
look at these that's so many eggs oh
there's your Walmart ones right there
just pop right open hey Zach I cannot
believe this look at money eggs
it doesn't because they're all stacked
up high but like that's a lot of Easter
eggs we can't have a lot of kids there
for the Easter egg hunt and I'm so
excited guys I just want to let you know
a couple things
CVX live is this weekend if you guys
have been thinking about going get your
tickets now because it's going to be
awesome that's Friday and Saturday this
week I am going to be speaking on a
panel the very first panel of the event
like I found out about this a little
while ago and I'm kind of nervous about
it like I'm speaking on the main stage
the very first person to speak on stage
is me me so I'm very nervous about that
Ellie and I are going to be doing a big
dance for the dance-off yes we do now
mm-hmm and it's just gonna be so awesome
so if you guys are thinking about it
just do it it's going to be great we
can't wait to meet and see it each and
every one of you guys and give you guys
big hugs because we're huggers are you a
hugger Ellie brother's daughter yes
brothers gonna hug but that is going to
be it from us tonight thank you so much
for watching the video I hope you guys
had a wonderful weekend be sure to give
the video a big thumbs up you guys have
a subscriber and you just click the
subscribe button it just lets you know
whenever we put out a new video and
we'll see you guys tomorrow bye
