hi I was just wondering if I could make
a reservation for two tonight six
o'clock would be perfect
yes yes it's Meachem m e CH a.m. okay
thank you
you woke him up Jackson you see the baby
hi Calvin Jackson you woke him up
did you make him laugh look at him he's
gonna stand up in the crib again you
know we woke up at like 3:00 in the
morning or 2:00 in the morning and he
was grabbing those plenty of something
we had to move the crib
Calvin checks in you're making him laugh
really hard did you even though you woke
up early hey can I just tell you how
excited I am to take my wife on a date
is gonna be so much fun I've got an
awesome place for dinner tonight and
we're gonna do something so exciting
seriously this is like crossing off the
bucket list of things that we're doing
tonight I seriously cannot wait
big thanks to Mel and Gary for making
half of our date night possible tonight
you want to tell me something that you
noticed yeah when I was watching The
Bachelor the very last episode uh-huh or
the episode before the last he didn't
even open the door for her are you
kidding no they were getting into the
car and you're emotional about this
they're getting into the car and he
didn't even open the door for her and I
looked at Bonnie and I was like are you
serious easy to propose don't even open
the door well I'll tell you one thing
chivalry is not dead after you my love
after you it's date night you had to
tell me if I guessed it right your face
says that I guessed it right
Jerrod be honest did I guess what right
dinner I or anybody guess her we're
going to dinner and I said well it's
Holly
they said the roof that we were going
No No why would why would that be the
first placing because that's a very nice
nice place that's where we're going yep
Jerez reaction that is where we're going
moving us
doesn't work as well as I wanted to
Ellie you're falling asleep on our date
just because we have a two-hour drive
doesn't mean you can fall asleep on our
date night okay I'm sorry I'm so boring
so tired I know I should let you sleep
but I'm rude we made it to Salt Lake
City and Ellie and I were just talking
like oh my gosh it's so funny how this
always happens we are on a date together
we're spending
yeah we're spending time together we're
on a date away from the kids yet the
thing we talked about below is the toy
for Chuck the kids it's just like gosh
we love those nine kids you know like
even when we're not with / still talking
about him I am I miss them already but
we have what we have about 40 minutes to
spare we are going to walk around we're
gonna go look at some shops and then
we're going to go out to dinner but
we're a City Creek it's fun just like go
in and out of the shop think we've
gotten out in and out of the Kia but
kind of tell you say I'm going to the
toy store but you you guessed wrong
where am I
it's no surprise we dropped the kids off
with Grandma and Grandpa and we're about
to do our very first part of the date
night we just walked around the city of
Crete but now it is time for dinner okay
okay are you excited I'm ready do you
know where we're going up I guessed
wrong you said okay where's McDonald's I
would be happy with that okay Ellie
there it is that's where we're going
why did you yeah I was looking at
Spencer steak top in the which is a good
place we've been there before yeah it's
in the hood but okay Chris Chris Wow
I'm ready and do I press down here or is
it recording right now so like while
Jared and Ellie are out on a date the
kids are having fun playing and sharing
toys I got a ginger mint it is
a sparkling Hama granite lemonade
this is you would not like that this is
my life it's different
what do you want I don't know why do
they have a darkness to me so you don't
see this romantic
we are here we are going to see Brian
told them yet we've been doing all
social media variously Brian Regan
seriously this is like bucket list for
me like I have years for this this is me
and Gary for the tickets planets for
Christmas
yeah I think you tons of people are
already here so it was really I just saw
a tweet and they have a bunch of
presidential debates here and who had
the biggest crowd the president elects
or Brian Regan
okay okay where's our lucky seats
tonight are you ready to rock I'm
landing rude
I'm so excited came we've gotta find our
seats right now do it where are our
seats
down on the floor can I just show you
where we're sitting
these are see
that is the stage calvin is trying very
hard to play jackson's harmonica i -
uh-huh
can you play it
I like them up until that point
the ultimate in looking like an idiot is
when you walked into a spider web
because nobody else need to see you
walking off in the distance
suddenly flipping out for no reason
which one
No you know I could jump over that jump
over it come on girl I turn okay oh
you're gonna film and do it ready hold
on I gonna pull my pants
oh noes got it barely my tenth if diddle
huh
we're semi Emma amateur what did they
call it
women blowers semi amateur limbo ORS and
training I don't know kiss my mouth oh
darn it what I bet you've been so
disappointed that you've been hanging
out I've lips of an alligator my lips
are so chapped it's the worst thing ever
you don't want to kiss me I want to kiss
an alligator I'll poke you oh we had
such a fun day and the fun date we are
so ready to go home to our babies you
have about a two hour drive home or
something like that something around
gonna go get a good ice cream and go
home yeah yeah but Brian Regan was
freaking hilarious the guy who opened
him up opened him up he was using some
of those words in there will make sense
to those people who aren't listening to
what I'm trying to say yeah Dave it was
awesome it was hilarious like it was
just funny like it was fun to just like
not think and I just laugh like laughs
there's the freakin best medicine except
when you have diarrhea
but I'm serious laughter is the worst
thing you can do I'm not trying to
reverence anything specific to tonight
