so he bought the lot across the street
to put his 15 car garage
good morning guys we are on our way to
breakfast Jared was talking to his dad
as we're going to breakfast he is
telling him we're about the area around
here he's talkin really funny yes I was
talking very funny because it is a
tourism it's a tourist drive about and
we're going through talking to mom and
dad about all the different days and
we're here and we're at the best
breakfast place in Logan Utah we're
going to her so my hands we're going to
recommend a mama day
so harms is like our favorite place to
go to breakfast in Logan is kind of like
where we take our friends whenever they
come into town
Ryan is unfortunately leaving us
tomorrow so we're like we have to go to
Paris before Ryan but the thing that
like surprises me most about our
breakfast today
if this kid right here Calvin I wish we
would have Feldman sitting here I know
both handsome he was like shoveling it
in his mouth with both hands just like
when his plate was I think he's like
okay mom I'm ready for someone where is
it like looking around grabbing the
plate and he's like not even done yet
he's like a fruit avocado bread well
what's funny is like we're done feeding
him and he's like I want more mom's like
you can have my avocado I guess so he
ate mom's fell off the condo you are
gonna be a little too guardian oh and
when we did take him to the doctor the
other day he is almost 20 down yeah yeah
he's gaining weight fast they're happy
hey give me a smile
where I'm looking Jackson and and found
their toy that they're gonna be doing
that thing that puts look at that
they're doing and this is what Calvin's
doing healthy you like it he was smiling
really big but it's crazy how big he's
getting he's just sitting on there
loving life so while the girls are at
the wiggle worm with the kids
Bryan dad and I figure we should
probably just have one last hurrah
Ryan is leaving early tomorrow morning
so we're here at the shooting range and
dad is about to go first actually you
already did one shot one shot and it was
have a look okay let's zoom in come on
have a look there you have it that's
pretty amazing right there dad that's a
good shot
completely different this time something
I've never done before actually I
actually rented a gun with a suppressor
on it so I'm using this here and this is
a suppressors so we'll see if it makes
any difference in second so let's see if
it makes any difference and sound these
are the final results what I want you
guys to do so I want you say who is
number one who is number two and who's
number three so we know who's these are
and you know what guns they shot and
everything for example this person here
was doing some head shots there's some
suppressor over here and some suppressor
down here so take that into
consideration while you're making your
judgments who's number one who's number
two and who's number three
Calvin is already body are you ready to
look at your neck make sure everything
looks good what do you think Jackson go
get the box so mom and dad just got
their furniture that they ordered while
we were down in Salt Lake and it's
really good look at that this is the bed
set that they got and they've got two
nightstands over here and mom got this
desk and this dresser I like it a lot do
you like it
you got your own little office nook
right here in your bedroom chair yeah
should we go find you a chair sometime
yeah wait you guys went to we when we
went to Staples week we picked out a
chair but they didn't have it and they
didn't have it at the warehouse so we're
just kind of waiting so we're still on
the hunt we're still on the hunt but I
think that looks really good mom is
starting to feel like home isn't it do
you feel like you're at home no you know
what someone told me your house is a
place and
is a feeling that's right so we are at
our house but we're not at our not yet
right yeah
it'll get that way we think so yeah it
will in Spokane it took us like three
years uh-huh finally feel like well yeah
this is home this is home now I don't
think I'll take us this long that long
here maybe like two years and 11 months
yeah
maybe we are about to do something that
I think Jackson may be the the most
excited for but we're we're all very
tight oh you want to touch it so bad
we're doing something a monumental today
marks the very first thing that we are
picking out for our house and what
better thing to bring Jackson we're
gonna go pick out some rocks
we're gonna figure out what the rock
color is going to be on our new home and
mom and dad was saying that sometimes
when people build homes they can either
fight a lot or it'll bring them together
and me and you and we agree on a lot of
the same colors yeah mostly everything
that Ellie likes I like to you can pick
the shower no I honestly like this whole
process we've been looking at things
we've all been very like good liar yep
so I think this will be really easy for
us but I'm excited this is like the
start of us picking out stuff and for
the house and it's ours
like it's good today I feel like for us
Jarrod totally it's a monumental day oh
good they even have a toy place that's
so fun pretty sure rock it didn't even
take that long you saw him like yep got
him that will show ya that was so quick
we were looking at rock right yeah
that's it and that's it we got it um so
they have just wall full of rock all the
way down so we like the lighter colors
and the more lighter gray blue kinda
good yeah so we were thinking of getting
this rock this one right here but that's
not yeah we want to mix it with another
one because this is just like one solid
thing there's another one it's down
there away
and yep it's down here away it is more
blue and I love it but you can see like
you have building homeless oh cool
because you can choose everything so
it's all the way down here there were so
many that we liked but these these ones
just stuck out see this is kind of what
it will look like the design but that's
a little too dark for our liking so this
one this one is two pieces already
yeah so ours is going to be like that
except lighter so the lightest one we
just showed you and then this is it that
beautiful it's beautiful okay show me
where blue is orange so we just thought
those two together we're beautiful but
like that is really rich looking and
nothing beautiful too but once I get a
rich copper yeah I actually really like
that but that's well we'll do the
lighter that is really beautiful this is
so fun we're having so much fun do we
pick do we pick like this yes you are
lucky boy this is like the second time
he's had pop don't touch it just drink
it yeah there's bubbles in there
she's like the second or third time he's
had a pop but we are picking our
shingles now so I never knew that there
were so many choices he said the black
is just really popular I don't know
we're going in a sample board and go
home and look I think something more a
little lighter would be good but maybe
the contrast will be good I don't know
it's a house I'll go drive around and
look at the neighbors so a lot of the
places that we've been looking for all
of our housing stuff is actually right
next to my grandma's house hi grandma
how are you you feeling good thank you
good a lot of people didn't ask and how
you're doing so can we get a little
update tell them I'm just you can't get
this old lady down there you go
like that bunny rabbit just keeps going
yeah there you go well so grandma was
actually with mom and dad because she
went to Oregon and then to Washington
she was in Washington just at the same
time as mom and dad were moving and mom
kept saying oh my gosh grandma is the
most help we have ever had she just
keeps going and going and backing and
backing and so but what I was going to
say is a lot of the places that we've
been going to are right next to
Grandma's house and we just finished
looking at some roofing material and we
have some samples with us and okay I
kind of originally was thinking this
because it was really dark with a little
speckle in it but guys said if you're oh
is all the light tone yeah alright and
that's kind of what I was thinking is if
we have some of the lighter tones on the
house then we should do some like like a
black on black and black or like a sweet
her gray and here her roof is actually a
putting green if you didn't know that
what do you think that what do you like
black like that down there
okay Ryan black is good
I think Ryan what I would expect you to
like this because it's like your beard
that's the color of your beard mom what
do you like huh what Ellie and I are
gonna do next is we're gonna drive
around our neighborhood and now that we
actually know what we're looking for
we're gonna look and see what they've
done for their roofing for like their
the metal strips up for like the gutters
and everything so that's what we're
gonna look at what everyone else has
been doing that way we could see if we
like it or not
what kids will do picture Jennifer just
sent a picture of cannon just taking a
nap in the weirdest places like the
bathroom or something
taking the catnap and she's like does
anyone else have fun that their kids
take cat naps in the weirdest places so
we just took a picture of that and I'm
like yeah it's a weirdest she said it to
everyone oh I saved washing my face
until I got to y'all so I could use your
products well yeah we got some fun new
products and I say we because I just
listened but yes you'll have I'm gonna
use your cream and we have not done this
very much all when we put the kids to
bed and like I come over watch a movie
that Bonnie called me and she's like you
know how yes sir you have a table today
damn like oh yeah I'm happy mr. dad said
there was surprised that you wanted to
come on yeah I love surprise but we like
like movie kids go to bed were with our
heads oh yeah the day we're on the phone
feature yeah like it's usually nighttime
it's like okay bye yeah Jared's home
he's gonna edit the blog probably stream
a game or something and I was like yeah
okay I know I'll come over and use your
face cream so do I look more beautiful
you know I can tell a difference because
I've stopped nursing a little bit more
I still nurse think that I'm giving him
a lot more bottles um I've talked about
them before anyway but why I'm doing it
but since I've been doing I can't really
tell that my body's changing cause like
I haven't has little breakouts like
these are just a little I'm not even a
big deal but like yeah I have not had
like a breakout a long time I can't I
tell my body's changing my first prayer
hairs look sweet we're both recovering
in in our skin I think it's just going
cuz you're a crazy stage yeah well guys
that's gonna be it from us and we made a
home safe and sound
and now we're gonna go to bed mine are
too so I hope you guys have a wonderful
weekend do something awesome and amazing
find by date night tomorrow yes it's
going to be awesome
I'm so excited see you tomorrow bye
