good morning guys it is a beautiful day
in here here and not the shooting range
bright and early because we've got some
fun stuff going on today we may be
shooting some interesting things today
I have the biggest sweet tooth I have no
issues with treats and sweets but last
week I was really good at preparedness I
wrote all of our meals down I did a
check mark with every mail to be made
that way I can really make sure we're
not wasting any of the food that we buy
because sometimes I'll go to the grocery
store I'm like I'm gonna make this and
like it just doesn't get made and
sometimes food gets wasted so last week
I was so good at like actually making
the meals I had it written down I did
the check mark I went to the store again
to make chicken videos twice because
they were so good and so I'm just
sitting here making my recipe I have a
few little snacks so I'm gonna make a
Jackson um I still want to make that
homemade spaghetti sauce I didn't make
last week and then like chicken and rice
is what I want to make but every time I
go to the grocery store I buy extra like
if I buy something like Stark in here
there we go thank you light every time I
go to the grocery store I will buy
chicken if to make for my meal and then
I'll buy extra chicken that way I have a
few extras in the freezer so I just put
and some chicken in here to defrost so
that I can make some chicken and rice hi
baby boy you took a good nap took a good
nap
are you ready to get up good morning
good morning your breath stinks baby
you're always so oh thank you I offered
a hug oh you're such a good brother
baby baby look you guys are matching
let's show your shirts okay Jackson says
look let me see your shirt I am the big
bro and yes says oh you're this sad
little bro look at that face you did not
want me to put you down says I'm the
little bro I know he's kind of a cute
face
okay you got to check this out I said we
were shooting something interesting
ready this is magic science like this
science rocks how cool is that it's
called the Bernoulli principle or the
effect the Bernoulli foundation
Bernoulli Bernoulli's theory phenomenon
show me what you were doing with your
arms
there are few few moments that Jackson
is like uncontrollable and I don't know
if it's two-year-old molars or if he's
just not feeling well he's not happy
and so he's FaceTime and Grandma and
he's showing her his room Wow
hurt your toes he hurt toes he's a nice
drop huh he is so much happier nowadays
talking to you
yeah that's grandma hi grandma Calvin
didn't take a nap he just stood at his
crib he learned how to stand for the
first time in the crib at least and so
he's so he skipped his nap and he just
stood show her oh that's your face
applause no and I think you've ever seen
a popcorn do this come here we're gonna
put the popcorn in there we're gonna pop
it
you see it
see that it's popcorn
that make you feel a little better
do you like it
hey okay should go watch a movie okay
yeah that's gonna make you feel a little
better more happier what movie do you
wanna watch that either means the good
Dino or Monsters Inc yeah Dino
where's Dino it looks like we have some
good news I just got word that our car
is finally finished like we mentioned
earlier they had to do a coolant flush
they had to change the caliper when I
think they do that I think it actually
involves changing the the brakes and the
rotors or something like that I'm not
sure I don't I'm not a mechanic
whatsoever so now I have to take my
longboard and right over and I'm kind of
nervous because I'm not a really good
longboarder at all so let's try a little
a little trick here ready one two didn't
work
well le and drove the car back so hard
so good it feels good there's like cuz
like everyone smiles or is that
squeaking - yeah hi Jackson did you
knock on the door ok go knock on the
door show me who's there Jackson there
was there used to be a squeak along with
the and it's nowhere to be found on
balls so I think we're all set there
where I'm about to go out and film more
videos and we're doing them all outside
and I'm just like oh it's bitter cold
and it's like not even cold outside it's
just the wind
is so bitter cold but a man's got to do
what a man's gotta do it man's got a
film and man's got a film you know what
I'm saying you don't want to mean burn
let's do it ok give me a kiss yeah okay
give me a kiss
did you just say let's do it say it
again
hi Kate Bonnie came in unsaved my day
I've been so like mood all day embodies
like it's okay when I have nowadays
right I have one two three four five ish
I need five hands and there's one two
three four five hands do you guys want
to help me yeah you want to help me yep
let's wash your hands then you guys help
me you want to pour the chocolate chips
okay you turn
so everyone has some milk everyone has a
little energy bite before Bonnie and I
hit the gym well they're gonna go didn't
want to go fine I'll go oh that's a good
puppy don't go puppy oh you know what
you know about oh you make me miss my
doggies I miss my dog he's quite a bit
makes me want another doggy soon as we
build a house aren't gonna get a doggy
you know it's crazy so this is Bella
Bella has a little sort on her foot just
like my dog wrinkles did and you can
have the same personality as my dog
wrinkles so it makes me miss wrinkles a
lot I'm go puppy huh that's my puppy
talk by the way so we're getting ready
to film the next set of videos and I'm
just looking the direction the cameras
pointing and it is absolutely gorgeous
let me show you look how beautiful the
scenery in Utah is and because of this
we're doing something that is very
vertical and they asked me to bring my
drone so I certainly did
we're just getting set up so I think I'm
gonna take it for a quick spin show you
guys the beauty of the mountainous
scenery in Utah let's take a look
so I've seen in the comments some of you
guys have been wondering like Jared what
are you doing like filming all the stuff
like what is it what are you filming at
4:00 where is it going well my buddy
Darrell and I have created a YouTube
channel I talked about it a little bit
earlier but it's called geekify guys
I'll have it linked down below but give
us a little rundown of what we're doing
so here's the thing I'm a workaholic and
I work too much my wife says get a hobby
I'm like okay trade golf it didn't work
yeah it was like we saw there's one of
the most frustrating sport so I you know
some of the funnest people in the world
are youtubers right it's true and I'm
like I have fun I'm usually behind the
scenes I don't we just do a channel and
just to geek II stuff I like geeky stuff
I do - you like geeky stuff so it was
like perfect yeah so Darryl and I we've
come up with like a bunch of these crazy
ideas we've already have a bunch of
videos up so I'll have it linked down
below go check it out and that's like
what we've been doing for the past
couple days and anytime I go out and
film some videos it's usually what we're
filming crazy
petitions and gaming gaming gerberg the
kids are in bed I am just getting
everything cleaned up in the kitchen and
Jarrod's on his way home and it's been
kind of a crazy past few days because
he's been filming but we're ready for
the weekend we have a huge day on
Saturday and tomorrow's Friday we're
just gonna enjoy each other's company
well I have been gone just about all day
we filmed a bunch of videos got a lot of
stuff taken care of and so I thought you
know what it would be great
Ellie's been with the kids all day let's
get her one of her favorite meals of all
time and I'm gonna bring it to her and
I'm gonna surprise her with some Texas
Roadhouse let's do it
so I have a little life hack at least
what it's like in here in Utah if you
order something from Texas Roadhouse and
you get to go and you get there early
enough before they're all the way done
Boop they'll usually ask you if you want
a drink on the house so I got Ellie a
raspberry lemonade and they offered me
this one eliminate for free
and these are the glad tidings that I
bring home to you you're so welcome
and this is what our night is consisting
of we are eating dinner in front of the
TV and we're gonna watch an episode of
new girl and that is where we are
leaving you guys thank you so much for
watching guys tomorrow is going to be it
is gonna be the weekend for you guys we
hope you have a wonderful weekend thank
you so much be sure to hit the thumbs up
button subscribe if you have it I will
see you guys tomorrow
is your head okay the camera literally
froze carpet tomorrow then you hit my
head
that was not intentional I'm sorry that
sounds fun let's do it
PS Jackson totally is getting his
two-year-old molars I looked in his
mouth tonight and they're totally
popping through poor little boy
now I have two teething kids right now
but I don't know why did that I wanted
to tell you something I think I might be
growing some teeth to Billy no we have
too much neither a deer
