oh good morning guys yeah good morning
oh do you see a plane up there Wow
morning guys
Kelvin is having a wardrobe malfunction
hi guys he well they're not too bad but
it looks like we need to get you some
new jammies his little toes are poking
out that is the key fox13 that's what
we're doing
Jared do we feel a little rushed feel a
little rushed for Chico at least brushed
oh you made a rhyme and you don't even
have a dime oh this is not a building
entrance guess go this way studio okay
let's go this way okay well we are on
our way we are going to do a little
interview for the convention coming up
we're so excited for CVX woohoo we need
to practice our dance some more
I have never been so excited for a
convention but I've also never been so
nervous even we are gonna kick butt and
take names on that dance that way we're
gonna take butt and kick names or
something like that flip that take rat
ruin the bank apparently this is the
place and this is the blue couch this is
where we are going to be sitting we're
about to be interviewed for CVX live and
they're gonna ask us about our story and
everything it's a this is our second
third time doing like a TV show
everything I'm excited yeah already
miked up
oh you ha I'm Way behind good to go okay
this is I feel a little bit more
comfortable I don't feel I'm nervous are
you say I like that I like this setting
where people just ask you and it's just
openly talking versus like when they
have like a scripted conversation ready
and then you just respond to those wish
yeah yeah I like this much better cuz I
am more in my element yeah and I don't
pause on my word well it's not like I'm
thinking it's just I just say what's
going on so if they do have like a clip
of it I'll have it linked in the video
description below if we can like watch
our interview again two thousand years
later oh my gosh that was like that was
what that went way too fast
I felt like two minutes and yeah we we
were on there for seven minutes I was
crazy this is Brittany and Brooke
they're the hosts of this place the
place not this place and the place you
guys remember when we did the footsteps
for fertility you guys were the emcees
and you guys did such a good job so
thank you so much for having us on
this was so much fun happy good yeah
thank you we probably got to get out of
here there's another body yeah well I
have parted ways with Ellie the kids and
my parents they went to go say hi to
Grandma real quick I have a video that
we're filming today and it's a beautiful
beautiful scenery look at this lake it
just thought out the mountains have snow
on them it's gorgeous and beautiful and
that's all I'm gonna say about that
because I think that's as bad as nice as
I'm going to save in this video because
then it's going to be crazy but we've
got some friends here that we're going
to be filming with and it's going to be
fun it's going to be cold
my daughter taking me Punk's our car's
still in the shop but I made a quick pit
stop and look I ran into sure I don't
good Joel and Errol look what they're
building
I don't know what it is it looks like a
box Daryl oh those are you distracting
them but um Jared hi my god hi Carl
hi Carl how are ya you guys you guys are
teaming up you're building a boat and
those two are teaming up and they're
building a boat and this was an
interesting conversation you his life
insurance just met through yesterday and
that's not a lie just like I said don't
he's drawn a project so literally it
went through yesterday my life insurance
is next but they're having fun I think
they're going in the very very cold
water of Utah right now so good luck and
prayers to them this is the work of Joel
oh he's such a goon now why would he do
that he is such a jokester I just got
home I'm like what Joel did this because
he is a jokester and he is a turd visit
me a turn turn a big tour Joel I'm gonna
get you back Joel I have to admit I've
never seen anything like this in my
entire life
you have there just like a that's pretty
interesting
oh it's a perfect fit I just glad it's
not a keystream Wow got some great
friends on there me
had been going kind of all day and look
daddy's building a boat we just got up
from a nap I laid down
Calvin lay down Jackson lay down and I
called Bonnie and I said the boys are
gone I don't have a car Jonah come over
and hang out and so Bonnie said I bet in
my robe all day I've been busy all day
and let me get my house organized and
then I'll come over and I'm thinking I'm
going to get into my row it is 4 o'clock
I'm gonna go get my room what cutt car I
don't know what he's saying
we have strong necks right now ok I'm
gonna go get my rope and I'm just going
to like sit and enjoy being home we're
gonna play with the kids we're gonna all
get dinner so let's go it some more
weight to more food yeah do it to it
lives oh my gosh oh my god alright ok it
works this is it we've got the whole
geekify gang crew here Daryl are you
ready man oh this is I'm already cold
Joel are you ready Josh are you ready
ready Zach are you ready Carl I'm ready
to watch them go under alrighty
everybody is getting their spaghetti on
and kalvin kalvin it's trying to find
some spaghetti on the floor are you
eating
ok can you take a bite show me how you
take a bite oh good job good job Jackson
Jackson
doesn't really like noodles he never
really eat some but yep like he does
that face but Jackson is eating a little
bit the kids are eating spaghetti
Calvin's never had spaghetti he's hot
some noodles hey ready go I'm ready
University hey hey whoa I think we're
gonna be taking a bath tonight
like spaghetti no nose I think I should
sit you in the sink so you can meet
sergeant yeah I just went that is a
whole clip didn't even hit the record
button Joel huh I was one of the crazier
videos I have ever done what do you
think man that was good mazing oh my
gosh do what do you think oh that was
awesome
you're pretty good shot that you are
definitely the closest but really how
good of a shot him yeah yeah like four
times in a row there's tennis you're
like what the heck
speaking of this is Zach by the way what
you have a youtube channel too I do
what's your YouTube channel jerry-rigged
everything jerry-rigged everything and
you actually like live in our
neighborhood identical I had no idea
he's got this awesome YouTube channel
what do you do on it I'm little bit of
everything but mostly cell phone repair
I see house on these people had to take
apart their phones fix the screens
charging port that's awesome that's cool
well it's always funny when you meet new
people we've got Carl from Carl and
ginger over here he's a he's an awesome
youtuber too they've got a you did lead
a joke did you did you sign the
disclaimer the iana
the non-disclosure agreement before you
fill me
we had multiple bonding moments Oh
multiple bonding moments of lots of body
heat all I can say is you have to wait
until the video comes out it's it's
crazy it's so crazy okay gonna put a
towel down so it's nice and soft
just sit there Kelvin you are downing it
this is the second little bunch that I
put on Noah half of it is on is in there
he is loving it you should have taken
off your sakis what was I thinking I
could just give you a bath right here
that's what I could do hahaha holy
Hannah Montana guys the food is good the
company if someone is okay the company
is good this is intermission this is
this is a intermission for Ammar filming
that we are getting that is like a huge
freaking salad Wow
yeah he's like I'm not very hungry so
after this we are filming some more this
is gonna be a long day but you know what
guys I'm glad we're doing it together
I'm glad I have each and every one of
you guys to do this with especially you
daryl hall three hours later well guys
that is it from us today thank you guys
so much for watching we got so much done
today and I am so excited and I am
excited for tomorrow so be sure to give
the video a big thumbs up I guess I
haven't subscribed it hit that subscribe
button and we'll see you tomorrow thanks
for watching bye
