good morning guys today is a pretty big
day we have Calvin's appointment down
Salt Lake City so I just dropped off the
car to get some stuff taken care of some
inspection stuff and some brake stuff
taken care of today and then later whoa
we'll drive down the Salt Lake City
that's where Calvin's appointment is
today and this is kind of like one car
problems I had to you know obviously
take the car in and we only have one car
so I am taking the longboard on a little
adventure Bob you guys probably didn't
even know I had a longboard because I'm
terrible at riding a longboard but I'm
riding a longboard back in it's really
cool morning can you help daddy out real
quick I need your help okay Jackson so
here's what I want you to do you've got
some hair I don't know if that's
embarrassing enough you've got some hair
products can you go put those in Daddy's
suitcase
go do it do tttttt - good job can you
put these in my suitcase my socks in my
hat Oh grab the head can't drop the Hat
okay now let's go put those in my
suitcase doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo
dee doo doo doo doo suitcase okay put
him in there don't take things out I
know all righty boys we are all packed
up and ready to go are you ready Jackson
hey yo we got to get your shoes on
Calvin are you ready to go all right
buddy come here come stand right next to
me okay Jackson come here okay we've got
to do some very important things before
we take off okay
so here's what I want you to do we got a
divide-and-conquer can you say divide
okay bye and egg conquer cookin let's do
it you clean up all of your toys in the
living room and I'm gonna clean up the
kitchen okay let's do it
to the clock I just woke up from falling
asleep in the car and we're on our way
to a specialist appointment
Salt Lake our car is falling apart
legitimate Lube thank you very much this
is more than one time you put the wrong
kind of coolant in our car and our
caliper broke is our caliper our caliper
so that's we went to go get our brakes
fixed and everything because they're
grinding and stuff and he's like uh more
than just your brakes it's more than
just your rotors at your caliper and it
kind of like actually does the action of
like the brakes and stuff so at least
that's what I understand so we've got to
get the coolant flushed we've got to get
the caliper all change which changes the
brakes and the rotors I think folks so
the car is getting a tune-up and I think
our I think half more than half our
stress has just been nerves this has
been just
we're on our way to his doctor
appointment can you tell retired um poor
little Calvin his gums are swollen he is
not a happy boy his pork team luckily we
have mom and dad with us and they're
letting us use their car too dad thank
you mom dad what do you see JTC Mabel
wow this is a really cool area the walls
are cool fish tanks are extra cool you
don't even have to clean those fish
tanks I know I've got their food is
super cheat
you
dee diddly-dee diddly-dee kaki yes sir
joke I'm going to put thirteen of them
on Wow so crazy dude
good luck crazy you know we're gonna
clip all these on it's not gonna hurt or
shotgun or anything like that I promise
we're turning you into the Six Million
Dollar Man
I pick these little shoes on the screen
look chubby legs
holy moly guacamole
I just hold no steel dude for what about
a minute or so look what black cow this
is our legs work to you one dude three
years under one dude hey it's like
what's going on Shirley scream when
these come off he's just taking it it's
an older brother
all righty so we just checked into our
hotel and we're getting things situated
here I just wanted to give a quick
little update about Calvin's appointment
and what happened there so we met with
the doctor the neurologist and gave him
a rundown of the situations that happen
in the past and he actually said that it
probably didn't have anything to do with
seizures or anything like that which is
great news
surprisingly he said it sounds like it's
more something involved with his reflux
which is kind of crazy to think about
because we thought we were all done with
that kind of stuff so he ordered an EKG
for us today so we had that done and
he's having us go to a couple different
doctors for a few different tests later
on in a week or so and we'll go from
there
so it actually seems to be pretty
positive news we're just going to get
those results of the EKG have a couple
more tests done with a few different
doctors and then go from there
what is that he associated we we had one
of our biggest fights yes every time you
got to Ikea I'm like I feel stupid I
don't even remember that I think I was
just cranky yeah how it always it you
may have not named that day
whatever happened that day I didn't mean
it well we we ended on a good note yeah
of course
CEO is Jeff we head on we had some
Swedish meatballs and everything was
great we're we're heading into Ikea I
think mom is gonna look for a desk is
that right yes okay mom's looking for a
desk that's a cute little set up I like
that
I've apparently lost my entire family in
the one of the largest stores in the
entire state of Utah this is amazed and
I have no idea where they went
I go to the bathroom for one minute and
they disappear what the heck I think
they're getting mom and dad's furniture
is what's going on that's why we're here
mom's looking for a desk and we're
getting a little
that's that thing for them so I'm
looking for them no idea where they are
excuse me have you seen my family hello
nope
you're a fake bear fake bears don't know
the answer unless you have you seen my
family hmm have you seen my family yeah
even with inanimate objects like that
sometimes I get a little nervous that
they might just be you know and get you
okay I just found something that I've
always wanted to try so I'm going to do
it right now
see this thing I'm gonna go all Beauty
and the Beast on it
yeah I found my family hi Jackson
I'm just getting that into steam right
high-five are you dancing the music I
think I heard the best news ever so
we're in our hotel room we just got back
to our hotel room and um thanks or never
yeah when you go to a hotel room nothing
is free nothing is free but we've
traveled so much the past year or so
that I actually have like a silver
status or something it's not even that
high up but I get premium rooms or
something like that I'm not even sure so
do you see all these snacks right here
we get a boyfriend you're like are these
arms like nuts they charge you five
bucks yeah it's five bucks for a bag of
chips for a 57 bag of chips uh-huh
that's we call tonight no those are all
yours
they're like mr. mica those are for you
I mean we paid for I have we paid but
it's like I don't have to pay for it now
I already paid for ha ha ha
young man are you ready for bed yeah
well that was quite the experience
wasn't it did not work on the bad days
and not want to go to bed whatsoever it
took us about an hour and a half to
finally get them to sleep and they
finally are asleep oh my goodness they
are just next door sleeping and we are
hanging out in mom des room just
chit-chatting and talking but we are
going to say goodbye we have a busy day
tomorrow so we've got to get our beauty
rest especially me I need as much beauty
rest like fun little interview for CPX
yep we're doing a CVX live interview for
fox so we'll see you guys tomorrow bye
member
