mornings in such a good relaxed morning
it's been a great morning with the
family it's gotten fed good size we have
been to the rainfall oh my gosh okay
there rain this morning so I woke up I
woke up to 5-under and Jackson was like
daddy daddy so I went in his room and
the rain just start pouring I was like
hailing or something Andrew Jackson he
pulls it my hand close to him he says
daddy I said yeah it's raining it was
like yeah it's been raining like crazy
and thundering whoa hello Calvin is a
crazy animal kind of two sets of stairs
today yeah you got your workout all
ready
Oh dance crazy go go go go go go go oh
we just had a little mini dance party in
the bedroom I know he was doing like
spins and jumping and stuff checks were
you dancing show me how you dance real
quick dance dance
oh oh oh oh you want me to dance too
yeah okay now do the moonwalk
kay Jackson we have some very important
business to it to accept you are you
ready yeah it's raining because of that
rain do you guys remember when we're
spring cleaning we're gonna take those
and we're gonna donate them sure don't
need them yeah okay let's go
grab that bag and bring it down here it
is heavy huh Oh
push it again okay oh maybe I should
grab the rest we're waiting on you to
come here so you can work out the end
Kody what is something that you always
do don't cut your legs you let me do
that
fixate you Renacci today and we love it
to my butt Bonnie and I were talking
that we have a little sympathy for our
two-year-olds that don't listen now
because he's like can't do this I'm like
I had now have more sympathy for Jackson
I think I don't I'm not counting I think
I'm done I'm done
that was intense and I think we both
feel the sickest we've ever felt if you
can't tell by the beat the beat face I
am starving um but we had a good workout
because tonight we're ordering dinner
and we're gonna watch The Bachelor
all right but it looks like it's just
you and me you just woke up from a
really good nap Calvin took about a
two-and-a-half hour nap and I got a lot
of work done which was perfect it was
good that you took a little nap and mom
and Jackson went to the gym so I could
get some work done now it's time for
some good food do you eat this here you
go no there's Boston and checks annakodi
are sitting together watching a show
both have their seat we need a bunch oh
my gosh Jackson how are you I miss you
well sure enough just like the pancake
incident
Calvin saw what Jackson was having for
lunch and he was just like nope I'm not
gonna have this baby food why would I
have baby food when I can have real
people food
so we're a pleasure he's getting we're
peas in Calvin you were getting given me
some beans and some corn and you're so
much happier now huh
he literally felt like this that's what
we're not saying to feed him he lifted
up his arms like no way
I might eating that stuff I know it's
really great with with apples and
raspberries and avocados but he's never
done that before we're watching monsters
you can just woke up from a nap and a
little snack and he was after all scared
that was so kind of cute bunny we're
just watching Monsters Inc and I am
sitting here looking up tons of ideas
for Jackson's new bedroom and the new
house and his bedroom is I want to make
chocolate chip cookies and the other
first thing I want to do is get
Jackson's room done when we move into
the new house so that he has his space
already done as we're working on the
rest of the house so I'm getting ideas
to figure out how we want to set up his
new room in the new house yeah right
right okay right two three Oh
bake it it's embarrassing can't you try
pull your oh close try again yeah I try
hey try again
oh that far huh drop far I'll try
woo here's the situation we are doing a
little Soubirous a little swap Arino
bonnie is coming over here and i am
going over there Bonnie and Ellie gonna
have some bachelor time I guess it's the
season finale of The Bachelor Joel and I
gonna do some man stuff we're gonna hang
out so I'm going over to gas station get
some goodies we're gonna hang out Calvin
Calvin Calvin well as you just say
Calvin it's by the way his poor upper
mouth is so swollen he's a sad little
boy but he's happy with something in his
hand
that Bonnie that was in the binky yeah
Bonnie and I are watching The Bachelor
so we can be thought for sure it's
Lauren but now we're thinking Jojo so I
teamed my other yes my guess is Jojo
we've got some good stuff going on here
Joel and I on our little mandate right
now have it that's a man band a band aid
I mandate that we have a man who weekly
basis it's guy love between
let's face the facts about you at me and
you
so that okay so real quick that actually
brings up a good question philip
defranco tweeted out not too long ago
who has the best TV bromance is a DJ in
Turk Abed and gosh I can't even remember
Troy and Abed it's Chandler and someone
else Heather and Joey Chandler and Joey
and there was another one but I was like
what about Shawn and Gus so there's a
few there's a few of them that's I don't
know I think I mean DJ and Turk that's
like pretty amazed as big Shawn and Gus
they go way back you know they from the
beginning they were friends I'm Shawn
and Gus yeah on the fact that childhood
friends exactly because DJ and Turk met
in college so they mentor we got the
matadors years and years like little
like generations okay in the comments on
below let me know who is the best TV
bromance the best TV guy friends okay
anyway we're talking about some other
things we are going to be filming a
video this week and I'm super excited
because Joel's gonna be part of it and
it's gonna be probably one of the most
amazing videos we do I'm a little
nervous I'm not gonna lie you're nervous
it's gonna be so crazy it's gonna be so
much fun so we're just kind of like
talking about that how excited we are
for it and everything and yeah we're on
a mandate Joel and I oh that's a good
goal Jared and George JJ JJ okay best
YouTube bromance
that's another comment leave it down
below
he's not gonna choose there I am shocked
he did not choose Jojo I thought he was
going to choose Jojo and shot now that
we talked about that I kind of left
because I got some few treats
I got us Twix and then M&Ms
oh I got Joel M&Ms and me Twix but I was
just like oh we got the sharing size cuz
we're on a mandate Kay Calvin it's 9:30
get out of the car I'm good no he's like
no I got close the door and I'm gonna
stay in here I'm officially going to
refeed him change his diaper and put him
to bed it is time for bed
but could his cute little feed down
there he loves this car he loves it
well did the ending of the bachelor meet
and exceed your expectation no I thought
it was like oh right this is the best
but I'm like no it wasn't it
I mean they've had better endings and
better seasons it was okay I liked it I
liked the girl I liked Lauren but we
were alert well that's gonna be it for
most guys we've got a big day tomorrow
are you guys so we will see you tomorrow
we hope you have a wonderful day see you
next time bye
Jared you cannot get mad at me for not
long no mad at you I'm just I was just
surprised that you didn't Jared's like
you didn't vlog before and I said no I
didn't you jump vlog before no I hung
out with the boys like after working out
like me and the boys like all day and we
made a for upstairs well I have no idea
Ryan and I were streaming and you guys
were right next door building a fort and
I had no idea like I wish I would have
known my own cousin killed before with
you guys that's okay but just say no
delta fort picture here I don't blog and
I was hanging out we've had stacked his
rocks up and he pushed him over Jackson
Callum tried to ruin before and I got
mad at Calvin Calvin just destroys
everything I think he's 9 that's all
they can kind of call her eyes
everything no you can crawl things
Jackson slept on the floor and he loves
it did he still sleep on the floor by
the door now
