this has been my sight all morning is
the kids have been playing I love
morning's like this I mean I love
mornings when the TV's on and we relaxed
but I also love mornings when we all
just sit on the floor and play and no no
no I said um Calvin this is one of his
favorite toys he crawls in it he loves
it he stands on it he walks with it I
think it's crazy um we've been playing
with this all morning Jax and I have put
a puzzle together a few times so it's
just been a really fun morning just
being on the floor with the boys and
just playing with our toys
le just told me that Calvin did
something pretty crazy along the couch
and I want to see if we can get him to
do it again
were you taking the steps without me
watching were you answered I need the
truth young man I made the truth okay
let's see it we put a toy up on the
couch and I'm gonna see if you can like
scoot across that oh he does help me to
take his binky but we got to do it so
take some steps
he's trying swords we didn't get on his
toes
whoa he did like a backstab you can do
it
whoa look at him look at him look at him
but I bet he'll walk before Jackson Oh
totally he's taking steps Ellie that's
so crazy
ha-hi let's try this it's crazy how
every kid is different oh like crazy
different desire at all yeah and he's
like trying to get up all over the vici
I think I think another thing is Calvin
probably sees Jackson doing this kind of
stuff it's like all I want to do it - he
has pancakes i want pancakes
he's walking i want to walk jackson has
a horse in his mouth i want a horse in
my mouth okay go for it did look at him
oh my gosh
did you see that you're my baby
yes you're growing up too fast did you
see that did you see that Jackson yeah
yo oh yeah that is yellow and he's
learning colors like crazy yeah oh is
that orange yeah say orange
purple boom what's that what color is
that say it that is red I think one of
the most amazing things is seeing the
intellectual and physical development of
kids like it's amazing that one day
they're not doing something the next day
they are and it's huge
Calvin is starting to get up on his feet
and take steps
Jackson is learning his ABCs his numbers
and colors like all of this stuff and
I'm hitting you're like crap I need to
brush my teeth this morning
you know something you're amazing do you
know that you're amazing it's like I'm
just trying to get this horse so I can
put it in my mouth that's all I want to
do the whole family has migrated over to
the stairs in his natural habitat he's
learning and developing on his own this
is why I love what we do is because like
we're just as a family learnt cut like
with Calvin it's with learning is like
come on you can do it buddy maybe he
needs a little toy to look at that will
help them good job he's like first look
oh my gosh Calvin they could come up
another one okay I'm not even touching
it I'm not even touching him come on
want to see it this skinny jeans might
be getting in the way this is true
they're kind of tight you can push him a
little there you go laughing I think
that wasn't laugh
can you believe your brother's climbing
the stairs and they'll show on how to do
it look at that oh my gosh how's that
carpet tastes but we got there for him
bebe good job Calvin oh my goodness he
was laughing I love it already guys it
is that time again it is Sunday where we
take some of your questions and answer
them in the vlog for the day and we took
questions directly from the YouTube
comments on yesterday's video and the
first question that we are going to be
answering is okay this is from Jessie
and she says what do you think your
favorite thing about your new house is
going to be and what will you miss most
about your old house what do you think
what are you gonna miss yeah because
you're not gonna have any more in the
future I bet um I am gonna be excited
that everything will be on one floor yes
everything that we'll need is on one
floor and I'm I'm really excited about
the backyard the one thing that I'll
probably miss about this place is we got
a really really good deal on rent so
that's what I'm probably gonna miss
about this place big 55 games says what
are the differences in Calvin now I'm
Jax when he was Calvin's age I think the
biggest difference is what we filmed
earlier was Calvin is wanting to be more
mobile sooner than Jackson yeah I
definitely think that's the biggest I'm
trying to think I think we need to go
back and watch more videos to see we
really have Jackson was and that's the
beauty of these doing these vlogs we can
we can actually just go and see Calvin
Calvin is definitely more mobile look at
him like he's taken steps it's been
crazy Calvin also and that could be
is because of my parenting is and Kelvin
eats more adult food I think I was just
nervous with trap you know was my first
baby and but Kelvin he just eats what we
eat whereas at this point I was still
just giving baby food you Jackson even
though I still get being food to Kelvin
I always I've always throwing in chicken
I'm always throwing a new looks like
these gets more of a hide for sure
the next question comes from Kristy and
she says what is the most important
thing to you guys within your marriage
we've talked a lot about those things
especially when it comes to like
selflessness and compromise but Ellie
and I were actually talking about this
question a little bit and she gave a
really good answer I think that oh is
the most important thing I feel like is
if me and you are well like me and you
put each other first then the kids will
be good right the house will function
and everything like me and you need to
be arch others like shoulder to lean on
first I figure RB yeah and another thing
that Ellie said was that we need to make
sure that we're on the same page that we
compromise and that we're making
decisions together
so I think that's a really important
thing but I've always said that
selflessness is like one of the biggest
key to successes in marriages and I've
learned this the very hard way like I am
far from perfect I am still learning to
not be a selfish person but you know
just give more than you take Emily says
how is the outlet sock working out it's
actually pretty interesting the very
first night that we are heavy so I
didn't tell Ellie that there's three
different alarms there's an alarm when
there's something actually wrong with
the heart rate and the oxygen levels and
then there's an alarm when the Bluetooth
or Wi-Fi it disconnects and then there's
an alarm when they can't get a good
reading on the foot it's a really nice
calming like nursery rhyme when the the
two like disconnection ones go off and
Ellie heard that one and she's like and
I was like Oh Ellie it's okay it's okay
it's okay it's okay it's not a red alarm
so that other than that other than that
it's been really great it's been really
really good to give us peace of mind
throughout all of this it's really easy
and lasts about a full night and a
couple maybe a nap or two maybe two naps
but a full night in a nap but yeah it's
been nice to have and I think we'll do a
more full review on one of our channels
here in the future water Ellen says
Ellie who are some of your favorite
beauty gurus to watch on YouTube and
Jared who are some of your favorite
youtubers to watch beauty gurus I've
been watching Tiffany D since I knew
what YouTube was and makeup by Tiffany
VIPs and balancing blogs
did you say Allison Anderson Alex and
Anderson Jared that Jared like she never
liked my new - she's she's really good
then I like her videos Jacqueline whom
Jacqueline hill I watch a lot of I'm
trappin over yeah um even hey Kaylie her
beauty videos I really like I'm trying
to think of any other people that she
watch who's the girl
talk to you teddy yeah I figured it was
talk to you that's my buddy Jared you
know more than then I just because I he
hears them I make it a point to i watch
her as well I think that's how you say
her name that's why I watch I like
watching a lot of various different
things whether it's like comedy or music
Peter Hollens rhettandlink Studio C
all of our vlogger buddies obviously
Boulos Oh what are some of the gaming
ones that I watch
oh there's um gosh what dunky dunky he's
got this this Eastern accent he does
like video game reviews and he's just so
hilarious it's it's it's so funny so I
just I like to just like dive into
YouTube and if it's a good video I like
to watch it there's not like a ton of
people that I watch religiously but yeah
lots of people that I do like to watch
pedina says looking back what did
surprised you most about your spouse
after you got married a funny habit a
special thing that you never thought the
other would do we just got married last
year we're discovering new things every
day and what I'm from Holland and this
was really hard the Sun that you really
have to think about but something now
this is so that surprises me but Jarrod
rubs my back every night in bed and that
was like a requirement I was like like
I'm gonna make whoever marries me rub my
back that's my favorite thing in the
world so Jared rubs my back every night
sometimes long sometimes short I yeah
yeah and sometimes I don't and I just
want to make sure that you are happy
yeah guys that is our Sunday that
definitely was not a one-take but that
was our little son's we have a lot of
guys loved it this was Daisy you're just
all over the place today and I love it I
love it I love it but the kids are going
down for it out and I told Jerry I said
we should shut our eyes to well because
they're going down at the same time so
thank you guys so much for watching and
we will see you guys tomorrow bye
