hi Jackson Oh
did dad put cereal in there for you Wow
okay come here we're gonna do your hair
gotta get your little jacket on cuz
we're going up to your backyard is Kody
coming oh I don't think he's coming he's
been saying Kody for a few days I think
he misses Kody here come here let's put
your jacket on DBE jck winter vacay it
was our vacation we're just wrapping up
our meeting with the Builder the
landscaper the excavator and Jackson is
up on the hill I can't even see in
through the camera lens look at his
little body just trucking up the hill Oh
P though he has just been running around
the whole yard I can't believe this is
gonna be ours
what is ours can't believe we're gonna
have a house on it we just got done with
our meeting this was the last meeting
until we start building so anywhere from
two weeks to four weeks is so soon it's
that was the last of the meetings and I
have to say and Jay and I are gonna be
doing like house updates on my channel
and stuff but when finding a builder of
finding a landscaper I have we have
interviewed five or more people for my
youtube interview five people for the
landscaper we interviewed our builder
with my mom's builder from 20 years ago
and so we have a little relationship
there but hearing him talk he and his
brothers built his dad a home
when they had my mom growing up they
said of Kane the boys just build him
home they were young boys like dug the
hole put their hands they built their
down at home and so I think that's
really cool and then today he was
talking to the excavator and they are
talking about honesty and he used to
build model homes for a company and then
the company wouldn't hire him to build
the other the actual the actual homes
because they would hire some but people
cheaper but they did do as good of a job
and he said when he found that out he
quit the company because he said that's
not honest you are you're showing people
one thing and you're giving them a
cheaper quality version of their actual
home and so just hearing that I just a
neighbor weren't even telling me that he
was just I just overheard him talking
and I just thought I'm glad we have to
build our home it's definitely good to
interview and make sure you have people
that work for you but I'm so grateful
I'm so excited this is a long long long
process and I'm so excited it's it you
could taste it we're almost there I mean
how long did we start saying we're gonna
build a house I mean buying a house and
building buying a lot in November and a
few months before November looking for
Lots like it's been
it'll be over a year by the time we're
done from start to finish well over a
year yeah that's crazy so it's a long
journey but
hi I might need some resuscitation
thanks care yeah perfect day to go to
the park it's just a little breezy and
guess who came Olivia and boy steed
hi-fi's did Cody's a hug no so we're
just to the park swing in Oh how are you
cow be happy
I'm gonna put him in swing next but for
now I'm gonna push you a little baby boy
hi guys
would you think in Lincoln Lincoln I
know we're about to leave this place
because of the wind I think it's a
Lincoln take his pinkie out he's staring
at it like this is the same one I
usually yeah yours no yours is this one
that one's yours yeah he's like um that
was not nothing
there you go sweet boy
I wasn't gonna scare you I couldn't hurt
you oh good yeah yeah I just have to on
the shoulder let you know I was present
I'm available to help you so we are just
making the rounds at like Bed Bath &
Beyond and calls and getting various
things from mom and dad's we just got a
vacuum which is good we say it's like
150 bucks on the vacuum now we're
looking at just all these fun things Bed
Bath & Beyond to be on section is my
favorite okay guys
you could definitely use some of these
it's okay he's loving it guys okyou
Jackson's playing with his friend that
is so cute
well well I would definitely say that
this was very successful round of trips
that we made we got some silverware we
got a vacuum we got groceries mushrooms
all the things that you could ever want
and need oh and this little toilet pink
holder and right toilet it's a toilet
holder holds toilets on this little
thing whoo good job guys high fives all
around for the family high five I am
obsessed with baby's breath I love
babies birth like right after they wake
up from a nap that's like kind of like
morning breath but a baby's morning
breath coming let me smell your breath
Kelvin let me smell your breath
give me oh I love baby's breath and it's
Calvinists spit like babies oh hi like
bad breath but right around right now
like nine months that kind of as little
stinky right when they wake up and I
love I used to be obsessed with smelling
Jackson's binky I love it I have a
really yummy treat for pretty much
everybody
but for whoever wins okay well we're
gonna play a fun game we're gonna play
this little block game with the kids so
we're get the cards out we're gonna play
the game all right we are at the
shooting range we have our targets set
up and dad is the lucky one to go first
let's see what you got pops
Olivia's turn she'll go first can anyone
spy something orange this is a hard one
no your check is one time they dug yes
yes red can you find a red one Jackson
can you find the red card here should I
have the reading see Yuki knows how to
do it peekaboo Chuck so what does this
say this says play play peekaboo
can you play peek-a-boo another orange
color can you share sorry
Calvin Charlie good blink your eyes
three times can you link your eyes good
that's a silly face everyone make a
silly face face that's a good card silly
face all right you guys let's show you
the final results here is dad's target
here is my target and here is Ryan's
target that's pretty amazing let me know
in the comments down below who you guys
think won today who got first who got
second and who got third happy date
- hi Jackson how are you buddy are you
taking the bath hey yo
yeah is that fun good high calorie know
how are you buddy
you don't talk back very much do you
really good nut oh you took two good
naps yes clap your hands
two minute bat clap clap your hands yeah
good job dude again you guys been here
yet yeah yeah there you go good job this
is why I make the popcorn I just ruin it
every even my mom made me pot the pot
cracker not because you I cook it just
perfectly there's a trick to it I got
distracted in I was like crap and back
it's okay date night we got one too hot
the last Hunger Games for a several for
like well we the wild theater and it
just came out so you could buy it so we
just bought it and I just like I just
wanted to watch the movie with some darn
popcorn and I burned the darn popcorn
saying go across your knee and get us a
shake we had to do that I know I caused
that too little corn popcorn it's the
last one you know I have this popcorn
I can make it the homemade the air pop
yeah that's kind of fun mr. air pop
that's more fun anyway you know I bet a
lot of people would just eat the burnt
popcorn
happy now so it's got a perfect Irene
yeah are you okay
only I'm feeding ruining everything oh
I'm ruining everything
things really him here's your belly it's
my goldfish holding I'm laying down
that's not my belly is your belly that's
my belly I'm so proud of our boys I know
you love kissing him I'm putting him to
bed but they went to bed so good tonight
I know perfect for the weekend my voice
hurts we're gonna go ahead and say
goodbye we're gonna see you tomorrow
we're gonna do a one-take Sunday a Q&A
so you have any questions you have down
below
yeah sure to to do that okay we'll see
you guys tomorrow buddy
