good morning Calvin good morning how are
you oh good morning oh wow that's cool
good morning guys it is pretty early I
couldn't really sleep so I woke up and
thought I might as well start to get
ready and today is gonna be a fun day at
grammar also take Jackson and his cousin
to little worms so I already made them
sandwiches they're in the fridge they
have a little snack for later and then I
already made chicken fajitas this week
they were so good we ate a mullah and so
I thought I'll make them again so this
morning I just thrown chickens and
seasoning bell peppers and onions in the
crock pot so that we can have chicken as
he does later
Govardhan
did you see but I love you okay this is
how Jackson does every morning he gives
us a hug and then he goes back to his
bed to get all of his blankets and he
has to get all of them okay and he gives
them to me and then he goes in and he
gets he gets the rest up every single
one of them what what Oh what more don't
go get dad oh yeah okay let's go morning
dad
good morning dad mm-hmm well that was
certainly one of the more interesting
breakfasts I've ever had with the kids I
was feeding Jackson and Calvin and it
was so funny Jackson had little pancakes
for breakfast and I had some other stuff
for Calvin some baby food for Calvin and
Calvin absolutely refused his food
because he saw what Jackson was having
and he wanted what Jackson was having
didn't you did you know what Jackson was
having did you want wait wait we don't
try and run away I'm asking you a
question young man did you want your
Jackson was heaven look he's even
looking for him right now
it's like where's Jackson there he is
there he is
so we got Calvin some little pancakes
and then he was happy weren't you
pancakes yeah were they good hey did
Calvin eat them oh they were hot too huh
hot pancakes for breakfast hot pancakes
breakfast hot pancakes for breakfast
hot pancakes for breakfast hot pancakes
for breakfast hot pancakes for breakfast
hot pancakes for breakfast we are over
here at my cousin's house amber and
Chris and we're looking at their new
nursery and it is just it's freaking
amazing like it's gorgeous look at all
of this it's amazing
yes that's very cool amber and Chris are
actually adopting in a week or two 17
days but who's counting yeah
congratulations like that's so cool
we're so excited for you and I told her
when we get our house you can come over
and help me we spoiler alert
no I'm kidding no Elia sorry you can
probably wear something every day that
she has in doubt for thinking I'm
nervous if we ever have a girl Ellie
you're going crazy right now
does this come in a doll Calvin has
never ever really touched a dog before
so we amber and Chris have two little
puppies what kind of dogs are they I
should say you know these have
successfully mated a bulldog in a shih
tzu that's a dumb and Dumberer joke
you're gonna pet the doggy
it's funny how he's been warming up to
her oh yeah yeah he was Jackson just
loves the shed over there like that's
what all he wants to do is like let's go
in the let's knock on it Jackson do
you want to knock on the door okay go
knock on the door
Chris I'll help you okay not gonna knock
on the door all right let's initiate the
chariot race
let's go Jackson let's race one two
three go
is that so fun hey race good job Jackson
baby it's a spider
blow on it
whoo there it goes there goes my buy
spider I want you to do what the doggies
do okay there we go hey I'll give you
you want a doggy treat
okay dad's pretty that's pretty Jackson
dance pretty Jackson dance pretty come
on dance pretty Jackson come on let me
crawl
Tipton David do you are banal to Jackson
all right trooper we've got one mission
we've got an arm you crawl through this
this rough right here are you gonna do
it with me let's do it
army crawl get down low Jackson get down
low come on there you go get down low
soldier
get down low we gotta get through here
soldier come on we got to get to the
other side of the trenches oh my gosh it
finally came guys I got it I got it here
in the box I'm so excited open it oh
it's here guys
oh it's upside down there we go this is
the little outlet baby monitor that you
put on Calvin's foot look at that
there's like three different sizes I
think that comes with that we'll take
this little Socceroo thing and put it on
Calvin's foot put him to bed and we will
be able to monitor his vital signals his
oxygen his heart rate and all of that
good stuff are you yelling for the kitty
what the kitty needs help
yeah well I didn't know we had a cat it
must be the neighbor's cat okay go find
that cat
kitty a cat walked by and Jackson came
inside and cat gone cat gone
did you see the cat he must have left oh
yeah the kitchen here playing this is
from Jackson's birthday still we have
scoops of this and dinosaurs
you haven't fun as your cousin yeah um
is that good
do you like it yep
we were we were planning to go to the
wiggle worm but we decided you know we
should probably go over to mom and dad's
house and help them unpack all of the
things all of the things yeah yeah
Ellie's gonna eat up some of this dinner
for everyone we got these enchiladas
that she's been making which have been
delicious and we are gonna help him pack
okay you get to work I'll get to work
let's get to work you're always the
youngest the younger one I'm always the
youngest look over and just give Jackson
the hug okay seriously this is wiggle
worm and grandma's backyard are you guys
are you having fun you these kids they
have been playing they've been hugging
going down the slide
there's a little place in there that
they've been playing but Jackson is a
happy camper that's for sure okay come
show me the inside so I could see what
it looks like
you are a good listener Kane I could go
play what a good listener I don't know
what only filmed her if you stop filming
halfway through oh but I'm excited to
see what the inside looks like the first
time he had the biggest smile yeah you
want to you want to see Jackson ready
huh
here let me get you a new one you can do
individual ones just like he's like he's
mine now again oh yeah I think this last
box goes in the kitchen oh my gosh oh
this is not a kitchen box Kelvin all
these cities your are pretty Jackson in
a box when we move to our place here
yeah yeah I guess that's about right
yeah nine months or so is your brother
in there what's he doing there's like I
said a little surprise box isn't it yeah
do you remember when we put you in a box
Jackson
mamma mamma mia' that's a wrap the
kitchen is all the way unpacked and it
looks like you guys are living in here
now there's not a box to be seen don't
look over there so now it's hard we're
gonna need some dinner and then we've
got to put the kids to bed
go for it something in that Cup is
really funny is funny Henry look you
have spit in the water in it I think
Jared and I are officially out of breath
this loves to be ready for our dance for
CVX we just practiced we had a lot of
fun
we are kicking butt and taking names is
over I I hope we do well I really hope
we do because we got a little sneak peek
of some other people and I was just like
ooh they're really good yeah but but
we're doing really good we had a fun day
being the family we filmed a fun video
over at our cousin's house today it was
awesome thank you guys so much for
watching and wait well I want to show
them this so this is the outlet thing
and Calvin is asleep says readings are
normal and you can see his heart rate
and his oxygen level and everything
looks good so I think it's pretty cool
definitely be nice to have and thank you
guys so much for watching tomorrow we
have a meeting with our house guy and
our landscaping guys so stay tuned for
that we'll see you tomorrow have a great
weekend
