if you happy and you know it clap your
hands can do it clap your hands
oh we've been doing all morning your
turn clap your mom let me show you how
to stuff can you you happy and you know
it clap your hands - yes if you happy
any no your hands well he was all
morning so you're just gonna have to
take our word
we're gonna go in the blue car Jackson I
want to go the blue car we're going
we're gonna go grocery shopping okay
cool dance she danced she dance break
the camera Jackson brought his camera
it's not working that's like one of our
oldest that's I think one of our first
ones we've had but Jackson loves to
bring it around and paying it and then
when the music plays he usually dance is
pretty good but I made the hehas the
other day and they were so good and we
ate it all up so I'm at the store
getting stuff again to make fajitas
again because they were so good you're
feeling it in your bones you're feeling
it where did your pants go young man oh
there hi yeah hi Calvin
oh hi Calvin there's nothing in there
it's all gone you ate it all gone no
more Jackson are you gonna hang out with
dad while I go the boys are back in town
I you need to fix your hair but I cut
Jarrett's hair this morning really good
in the don't look at the gray in the
garage I have so many gray hairs it
ridiculous well just the last like I
know we always have talked about it but
just the last few weeks I'm supporting
the salt and pepper I like it but I I
cut jerath hair and it's my turn to go
get a haircut and then I told I asked uh
my lady shad time to cut my
mother-in-law's hair cause she just
moved into town I know she probably
needs it done as well so I think we're
gonna go have a little girls date and go
get our hair cut by the boys place we're
gonna hang out have some fun rock and
roll roll in rock and do something maybe
we'll go on a walk outside or something
what we're kind of just hanging out with
the crew mom took Ellie to go get her
hair done no Ellie took mom to go get
her hair done so dad is here and is here
Ryan is here and Jackson hey buddy oh
you're there you go
are you playing outside with a shovel oh
whoa I'm fun so we kind of just been
hanging out chatting and
talking about different things various
seeing things about life work and
business and all of that fun stuff
talking about the new iPhone that's
probably going to come out gosh what are
they March 20 versus when they're
announcing it or something yeah se√±or
something so that's kind of what we've
been chatting with and Jackson has a
strange fascination with shoes not just
his shoes other people's shoes likes
wearing girl shoes well he likes wearing
shoes shoes he likes for depending on
other people's shoes if you want to try
these ones on Jackson
these ones might fit pretty well you
want try those ones on okay put that one
on that's the wrong foot isn't it that's
why it didn't fit try this one
there you go see it's the right foot now
it fits it fits so well huh bud
so we can go through that one step there
you're gonna what she wants and I think
Mama's going to get a little a line
because what she's getting thanks
I like the back of that one mmm because
it's so smooth and everything soft that
you can you don't have to necessarily
style it that smooth you can actually
build texture and it depends on the
products that you're using but you can
build texture in any of them I mean you
can see I like a little bit more
textured but that you can get a smooth
look or a textured look with the sea all
right kids nap time is officially over
what do you say we go to the park do you
want go to the park okay let's go did
you are we gonna have fun at the park do
you want to go have fun at the park
let's go have fun at the park Calvin's
like it and I wish I could crawl off the
couch like they can let's go I think two
of my biggest pet peeves that I have in
my entire life are one stepping in water
when you have socks on and then two
putting on one of your favorite pair of
socks and seeing a giant hole oh I'm
like so frustrated I love these socks I
have a ton of socks and they all get
holes in the heels like super fast and
they're kind of like they're kind of
dress socks not like the athletic socks
but what are your favorite pairs of
socks
I think if I could I would get a new
pair of socks every single day I would
love that but that doesn't know that's
not very reasonable I don't think but
a new pair of socks every day if you
could put on a new pair of socks a new
pair of contacts every single day that
would be like the Chris penis ever like
that would be so great we should come up
with a service where you get contacts
every day
any new socks every day okay let's go
back okay I was just I was just having a
little rant let's go the part a little
project it's gonna burn come on let's go
back let's go to the bike
mom is getting her hair cut I'm sitting
eating some licorice have a little
chocolate have a little drink I'm going
to enjoy my little 15 minutes alone and
what do you think of the four-wheeler it
sure is fun that's right dude should we
take it to the park okay
do you want do you want to sit on the
back while I Drive it okay do you want
to push Calvin sure okay
one two
and was that so much fun all right let's
go play made it to the park and it is it
is that time of year where I think it
was like just perfect it's not too hot
it's not too cold it is just right and
we're outside having a good time
Calvin you having a good time buddy are
you being a good boy one of these days
you're gonna be crawling up that and
you're gonna slide around to check sit
and say yeah you want to go on it go
into swing
okay let's go hello
let's go let's go let's go let's go
let's go she'll go down the slide go
Oh God
I
whoa
landing start you good
one two three
good boy
you
Oh
oh definitely
I got
look at this kid he is standing so well
yeah I'm talking about you yeah yeah
look at you two just climbing up all
over the place he's just so happy - oh
my god
he has grown up way too fast isn't he
and look who decided to show up how are
you guys do you like it I do looks
really really good how about you Ellie
have a little spin around yeah I can
especially right here I did um just a
few foils and then like balayage the
bottom part oh yeah
little balayage on the bottom there the
kids how were that Kelvin standing up
yep he's doing he's grown up like crazy
Ellie isn't that crazy he sat in the car
and yesterday was and pushing the car
backwards like standing and sitting in
it oh man well finger little stinker
he's grown up like crazy yeah it looks
good hon embarrassing moment okay I'm
ready are you ready I'm ready
Ellie we were getting our hair done and
um I was sitting there waiting for Ellie
and I was getting sleepier and sleepier
look I snapped out of it but then when
she was blow-drying my hair I know I
fell asleep and she was talking to me
and I I woke up but I said oh well
you'll just have to invite him in for
Postum anything she just like oh so I
thought well maybe I didn't sing it but
I
yeah I'm air-conditioned oh my gosh
I have no idea but you it's positive to
you or did you have like a little dream
is that what you're doing oh I said I
fell she called a lot you agree yeah he
probably got who is this lady with Ellie
yeah and not the heck is Postum cleanup
Jackson say it cleaning up we're all
picking up our toys toward you and we're
getting ready to put the kids down and
are you cleaning up yes yes
okay clean up you guys forget to eat
I'll give you some more okay go grab
another toy Jackson oh right there on
the ground oh wow good job yeah okay go
grab the truck or the trailer good job
Sakina hey good boy
oh oh oh did we bust out the game you
want to play the game with an oh my
goodness okay I'm gonna throw one and
you pick a color okay ready
woo okay we've got green can you find a
green color a green card okay what does
it say says gobble like a turkey can you
do that good job can you do that Jackson
good boy huh orange good job Jackson the
ball close your eyes did you see that he
picked up the guy goes blink your eyes
three times no it did not
are you kidding me look at the heat oh
my gosh he likes the orange one let's
not time to do another Aundre and just
see what it is too
you do that do it
dance I used on it does it's a song oh
my gosh that is the best ever like how
cool is that
Oh Punk you didn't say punk your head
does it okay bud every night when I'm
feeding Calvin Jackson comes in sits up
bhaiyya so I'm getting Calvin ready for
bed Jackson cousin sits in the rocking
chair too and then you're next
what was your favorite part about the
park
how did you go down the slide ah and
what else did you do did you have fun at
the park you did you have fun at the
park oh yeah the work is been my
favorite Rutina going to bed is I we
always asked Jackson what did you do
during the day and he tells us and we
just talk and he talks I love that good
and it makes him go to bed cuz we good I
don't worry mom said do you want to go
to the wiggle worm tonight no grandma oh
my mom his eye off I hope grandma will
take you to perform tomorrow would that
be so fun do you want to do that uh-huh
they are okay grandma will take you to a
going yeah this is my favorite thing
about going to bed is it makes them lay
down next to me we talked about our day
and then he eventually falls asleep
give me kiss good night I love you hey
yo have you
Hey that is our day thank you guys so
much for watching I'll see you tomorrow
why
