chuck's and clark let me see you what is
in your mouth young man what is in your
mouth
I tried to give him a being keep the
other day just to see if you'd take you
know he was like uh uh hated it
that's crazy how much he loved it - I
let me see you come here is that
Calvin's I think it's Calvin's you want
you to prove it here you try it
you get it take your whole body you try
it try it try again okay again good yeah
Wow
okay we're getting ready for bed with a
kid a story
the kids are bathed think their bums
smell good their faces smell ears are
clean ears are clean their diapers are
changed why is that your bed Jackson
yeah okay so it's my favorite book to
read to Jackson it is let me find it
they have all their books right here um
I love this one this is my favorite but
I don't want hiccups we showed him that
one but I wanna show you one of my
favorite which dump truck because that
was a little blue truck ready it's in
there somewhere
little blue trucks went down the road
probably said blue to a big green tote
tote Everett and we know that's what
you're wanting ok did you find that well
I know it's here somewhere it's probably
the one that's beat up the most because
that's the one we usually read that's
the train okay
found it okay little blue we'll have him
choose yeah what other one should we
grab when he has it me like someone ant
brothers forever he likes this one
let's put them all next
each other and then I will see Kimmy
Ajax which one do you want us to read No
dang it
that's my least favorite well I like it
good bug I was sad that there's a Sun
I'm not gonna read it to you you read at
Todd moon he was trying he was about to
he was gonna say it before before we
read a book I think I don't know why I
want to do this but I think we should do
a handstand oh my I guess today I want
to see Jackson
I wasn't thinking that's what you were
gonna say oh really that's Jackson can
you do a handstand let's see you do a
handstand can do one here daddy will
show you first
Calvin definitely baby come sit right
here
come sit right here and then you can
hold your books okay and daddy's gonna
do a handstand to show you how it's done
ready yep one Jackson are you wash your
pictures what we're gonna move in there
still go over like that one two three
oh yeah did I judge never practicing our
dance and Jackson was loving it he was
trying to copy yeah he went right
alongside us it was the cutest thing
ever
he was so funny okay my turn he was a
laughing at us like crazy hold on let me
hold Calvin hey I just don't you to hurt
your ankles on something Oh Ellie I
don't want to see your intimates good
job
your turn Jackson okay Calvin your turn
buddy I'm gonna read a book so it's
gonna be the little blue truck I'll read
brothers forever
I'll read it yeah I wanted to say this
as well I wanted to thank everyone for
all the positive comments all of the
support that you guys have given us over
the last there so all the tweets
everything has been it's been so nice to
see the positivity but let's spit up
that's been a flag spit up I want to
thank you guys for all the positivity
because it means a lot to us that you
guys have our backs you have her so
you're supporting us and everything so
thank you very much I'm excited
is that a heavy is that heavy Jackson
I'm excited because we ordered one of
those outlets the sock things they
actually make that here in Utah so BYU
students developed it and
um so it's kind of cool that the school
that I went to that is developing that
we we just ordered it and we should have
it either like first thing in the
morning we got it we ordered it Express
so it should cut them like right away
but I think just to try that out and
actually report to you guys how it works
and and give us kind of just like
reassurance and peace of mind and then
you feel so it's it's fun we looked at
Babies R Us today and went all the
different options and there was even one
that had like a little turtle on a
onesie just yeah just because you're a
little turtle huh you're a little turtle
huh
but it didn't I did it just you have to
change them every time it's not just a
sock that you can put on so but I'm sure
there's tons of really good ones but
we're gonna try the outlet baby care
sock thingy that was made by my own
mother BYU
good job guys okay should we read your
book okay let's read your book I think
you should be eating that up there
we're brothers forever what more can we
say our friendship is special hmm son we
like to drink cocoa from our favorite
mugs we like to go searching for
earthworms and bugs can you say bugs
we like to count stars on a warm summer
night yeah and we like to fly kites when
the wind is just right
we're brothers forever so we share on
our chores we put all our toys into
closets and drawers we pull up the weeds
that grow by the flowers we water the
lawn with sprinkles and showers we help
one another with this thing and that's
from walking our puppy to feeding our
town did you do that yeah yeah yes we're
brothers forever so we disagree too but
as simple I'm sorry
everything new faces and their sneakers
and capes to make a great fort out of
cardboard and tape we laugh ourselves
Silvia Co for nothing at all we gazed in
amazement at the trees in the fall but
what we liked best is just being
together because we love one another
and there's no looking back you can't
because you two are stuck you can't
measure me you can borrow me okay come
to me hugs and kisses oh wow send a hug
and a hug tight hyper tight tight
squeeze tight hmm
guys it's kind of just been oh my
goodness gracious that was a loud
exclamation boy and that was a little
bunch Calvin makes Oliver it's been kind
of just a relaxing day we've had fun
just being together we watched the movie
we cleaned a lot of the house dance yeah
oh yes we got cx-5 is gonna be off the
hook
I cannot wait for you guys to see it so
if you guys are coming to CVX live
please let us know the dance is gonna be
on Friday night so make sure you're
there and you vote for us because it's
it's a competition it's a competition
okay it's a project for the competition
that we're doing called the dance-off
and I'll go into more of that later
something that Mike and Ashley and I
have kind of come up with and everything
so it's very very exciting and they're
very a lot of fun
participation involved there but we've
kind of just been doing that today and
now we're now we're putting the kids to
bed okay guys thank you so much for
watching and we will see you tomorrow
bye bye bye bye bye bye
