ah sing it with me yeah okay a b c d e e
p f FG e h m i IJ i j k l m m m m + o @p
q q r s x t u v w x y y and n z ya next
time
m won't you sing with me
I don't even know if I did that right do
we do it right
good morning guys um this is a wipe I
love two-year-olds um good morning guys
good morning good morning guys we are
going to target today the closest target
with Cody the closest target is about 45
minutes away so we kind of make a day of
it and Jackson let me see you please let
me look at your outfit I am we're going
to target because we are getting some of
the kids as spring clothes I order
Jackson sub pants because he had holes
in it and when I ordered it I ordered
him the shirt too and I thought this was
just such a nice looking cute boy shirt
oh you have an owie a always lipstick
this my lipstick um so I ordered Jackson
uh shirt but we want to go to Target and
get and the kids like short sleeve
shirts and some stuff for spring so
body's gonna come pick me up and we're
gonna head out
good morning guys so Ellie and Bonnie
are out with the kids having a good time
taking care of business and I thought
you know what I should probably take
care of some business too so that's why
I have my brother Ryan here
say hi Anne what's up how are you you
know what it's funny because people
whenever an is in the videos some people
have commented you know like dog did
whenever I see am I always think of
washers and dryers and she does think of
washers dryers quite a bit does she
still go with always look at look go to
Lowe's and look at Washington drivers or
Lowe's
do you want to go to Lowe's and look at
washers and dryers do you yeah okay
we're just hanging out here we we've got
a conference call in the next few
minutes but we're going to have some
lunch here in a bit and then we are
going to stream a game so I'm pretty
excited about that and then later
tonight I'm actually going to be doing
some dinner in this crock-pot Ellie was
kind enough to write down the recipe for
me so I don't schroot anything up
because I am
known for shooting things up like my
computer um my iMac I don't know what
was wrong with it and he was just yeah I
think it is - things were said to have
to date some stuff yeah Ryan's a
computer genius and so he helped me out
my computer was acting super strange my
iMac not the one that we just built but
okay I've got to go to the conference
call so gonna take care of some business
that's what we're all about fitness it's
business time I got my business socks on
did you see that huge airplane they all
like looked up they all were in here
hiding Jackson I could hear them
laughing
goodness gracious I seriously was like
where are they oh my gosh there's code
little anti-climatic mom I just bought
50 bucks worth of Easter eggs therefore
a huge Easter egg Hut at your house for
Easter 50 is that gonna be enough ha ha
no no but there's so many kids yeah I
just target was crazy by Bob going to
Easter egg eggs with Easter I cut and we
just bought brought you some Zuppa so
eat some lunch thank you I really think
the crock-pot is one of the greatest
inventions of all time because it is
kind of just like let's just throw all
of our ingredients in there cook it up
and see what happens and usually it's
really good so we're you have some
chicken in here we're cutting up some
bell peppers we've got some Tomatoes
green chili sauce and spice I think the
goal tonight is to have chicken fajitas
I am doing the crock-pot so there's a
20% chance of success here so cross your
fingers for me guys nope
okay thirty five percent chance of
success here you're having a little
lunch break at Mom's and this little kid
he is crawling on everything and
climbing on everything oh not over there
climb up on here Cal Cal oh here we go
here we go here we go here we go
how'd you get up there I cannot believe
how much he's grown look at that kid you
crazy kid did you did you get in the
pool yes Wow well change your diaper but
he got you hey in his cousins I thought
as a face only a mother kids right now
yeah okay
I'll change your bun you had a lot of
fun playing outside huh I think the
scariest moment of my life was was a
month ago or two months ago when Calvin
stopped breathing a month ago and today
was the second scary scary way I'm
Calvin stopped breathing again at the
store um today has been and he just
wants to go play today has been really
scary so a month ago we thought oh maybe
he choked on milk maybe it was a fluke
accident he stopped breathing his eyes
rolled and then today when we were at
the store I was getting him out of the
car seat and totally unconscious not
aware the eyes were crazy and um it took
forever for him to breathe like I got
him out and then I started panicking and
then I yelled for help in the store and
a bunch of people came by and pediatric
nurse she's ago pediatric nurse I
thought oh my god oh so she came over on
grab Calvin did everything that we have
done on before and
and actually he started breathing but it
wasn't like a big gasp of air it was
just like he's so started breathing and
it was a long time and I know ten
seconds is a long time when you're panic
mode but it was more it was like I got
him out of the sea
I tried I called Bonnie over I yelled
for help like someone came over and
helped like it just was a crazy thing
and so um I talked to a few other people
in the store and of their kids having
this from having epilepsy and I had a
cousin that had epilepsy and so um we
think he he probably had heard it yeah
especially her being there it was a
seizure and looking back looking back on
the situation that happened before it
the same thing happened it was very
similar recording to what he said as
well I just passed out like oh he lost
his breath it was it was a full ball and
I think a seizure and so I we have an
appointment with a one of the best of
the best in Salt Lake City Primary
Children's Hospital a neurologist
appointment and I've been on the phone a
lot today with doctors and figuring
things out but it's just a sky's motion
yeah it's very scary and it just makes
you wanna hug your babies even more well
this is something that is I've vocalized
a lot and like a mother's intuition is
very strong and so as a father's and
grandmothers and but like they're I
treat Calvin a lot differently and I
don't even dare say this I don't want
you on the block because it's like
sometimes it's something so personally
you may like shred it apart but like i
trick Calvin a lot differently that's
because I feel on the inside so that
Calvin needs specific needs and I cater
to those and I mean we and the I do the
same with Jackson with certain needs I
cater to him and I feel like Calvin his
needed extra cuddles and love and like I
didn't put him down much the first few
months of life and he has slept with us
a lot and it's because that's what he's
wanted and I've given it to him if
I wanted that as a baby I would have
given it to him but it's just these
babies are so precious to us and it
scared me out of my mind I'm still
scared I think you should always listen
to your mother's intuition and act on it
because I feel like you're feeling that
for a reason and it's not something that
you should just like shrug off you know
I know you're feeling it for a reason
and it's like now that this has happened
you're just like I'm glad I did that
yeah I I don't know I think if this
happened you know the second time I
would look back and have regrets of why
didn't I do this with them right i
cuddle you know I don't know I feel like
Calvin's a little more sensitive and
needs that and I'm so glad that I've
done that for him I feel for him I hope
that he's okay I hoped it like that just
all it was I was awful to be there and
to see it but even more awful to be him
and be it go through it yeah awful I'm
so grateful that there were people there
with experience that you know just
helped me at ease I was so grateful for
those people so that is our day in a
little nutshell and a little clip we we
know that you guys give us tons of
support every single day and we
appreciate all of your thoughts and
prayers and especially now for Calvin
you know because we don't know yeah we
don't know what's going to happen or
what's going on but we're looking into
it we have appointments scheduled and
everything but your prayers and thoughts
are definitely appreciated we're gonna
end our vlog and we're gonna just be
grateful that you know we have our two
baby boys so thank you guys so much for
watching and we'll see you tomorrow okay
can you say goodbye yeah say bye bye bye
bye bye bye bye Superboy Berthier when
we smile oh don't you that give him my
smile but bye bye
member
