you tickling your brother does he like
it do it again make him laugh
good morning guys we just had a most
delicious breakfast and now we're just
cleaning up the aftermath of breakfast
but I have to show you this Jackson is
in our Little Tikes red car and Calvin
really really wanted to get inside but
Jackson didn't necessarily want him to
so we told them Jackson he's your
brother you've got to let him play so
you know we did we sat Calvin on his lap
and now they're driving together and
having a blast oh he loves it they both
love it they're both smiling and
laughing look at me boys hi that is so
cute
I just made a very important phone call
I am so anxious to get the ball rolling
with building the house you know I'm
talking to the landscaper the excavator
the Builder and then all of them want to
meet with the Builder and so there's a
lot of phone calls a lot of meetings
that have already been had but there's
one last meeting that we have to have
before we officially start and it is on
Saturday I have a meeting with the
excavating guy that is going to make
sure the land is flat and he's good to
talk with our builders so I am very
excited for that I just got the phone
call so yeah the Saturday is the day
that we meet and then hopefully after
that we can have our official starting
date I am very excited
mom this is for you everybody that knows
my mom she knows that we walk really
fast my mom is a speed Walker we have to
carry these 25 pound weights all the way
down the hall and we go really fast
the trainer said I need to get myself
more credit than I'm giving myself but I
am more ripped but I have more muscle or
I'm more strength than I'm giving myself
credit for
look at these how do you like we had to
do with tons of death what like 20
things at least one and I was going to
leave fun at the end I'm just like just
done I'm so done I'm starving
girl you are ripped you are pumped you
got the pump don't you and I think the
most important part is that I'm feeling
better but feeling really good that's
good and I'm glad I'm so glad you're
okay good let's go just go eat some food
some protein not gonna lie super nervous
right now I am getting everything set up
for my first like real live stream on my
youtube channel with gaming and
everything and I just AM like crossing
my fingers hoping everything is working
I've got my setup right here so if
someone subscribes to the YouTube
channel that pops up and it has like a
little gift here sub-goals and then my
picture you can say hey guys hey guys
and yeah it's just a matter of what game
I want to play and then hoping the
internet works
I hope it's fast enough I had to move
the modem up here and plug it in
directly because the internet was not
fast enough on Wi-Fi there were some
lagging and stuff so oh my gosh
cross your fingers spring cleaning is
gonna take me all month at the rate I
was going but I'm doing slowly one thing
at a time right now is the closet and
Jared's closet I had to keep Calvin in
here cuz he kept he just was everywhere
so I just put him in here listen toys
checks and crawled in and is playing
with them these kids have so much fun
together
I have to often tell them the Oh
if you socked Ellis I often have to tell
him to be soft sorry but that's what you
get for being the younger brother like
we said before it is Monday night pizza
night and Ellie has the crust ready to
go this is some interesting festival
this is fire stone stone fire pizza yeah
we'll try it I wasn't about to make my
own well you're making your own sauce
tell me what's gonna be on your pizza
onion celery tomato sauce tomato paste
basil bay leaf and also like a gross
pizza stuff to put on it that Jackson
just likes cheese and sunrise so we're
making ours you're gonna make your
barbecue yes I'm gonna have barbecue
chicken for my pizza and what game are
we gonna play the ball game a lot of
people have been asking where we got it
we just got it from a desert book a
store that's here in Utah you search
like desert vogue.com so you can find it
or I'm sure like Walmart I'm sure they
help us target they carry a lot of the
stores it's just like a right we're
gonna play that game a little bit later
after dinner okay buddy is that Calvin
Jackson is finally saying Calvin's name
yet we're making pizza but Jackson
finally says Calvin's name I mean I even
called Calvin baby all the time cuz he's
my baby
but I'm boys like say Calvin and he
always says baby but he is now saying
Calvin more I could get you like two
pizza break this kid not only was
crawling but it's at up by himself was
just on his knees and now back on his
tummy this Canada oh my goodness come up
me Jackson oh my goodness oh he is
growing up so much I cannot even believe
that he's doing this okay pick the red
ball up pick it up okay really carefully
carefully it's hot hot hot
good job thank you you made it all in
except the bay leaf huh Jackson you're
holding the camera now we got to show
what we're gonna do show mommy
mommy's got the cheese she's gonna put
it on the pizza whoo
and they said to go do you want to help
with the cheese put it in the freezer
put the cheese in the freezer for a few
minutes okay like 20 minutes okay
Jackson it's all up to you you got to
put the cheese on the pizza can you do
it Peter yep put that all on there yeah
well well well well that's okay it still
looks good this is my I think mine looks
pretty freaking sweet
should we eat him yeah let's do it
Kelvin unfortunately we don't have any
pizza for you but luckily you have your
all of your stuff that you're gonna eat
here's the epic Oddo some avocado and
raspberries and some white stuff I'm you
know I bet you oh you don't like the
white stuff the white stuff is good not
sure what it is but it's good I like
your little here little bib representing
representing hey what's the verdict it's
good what's the verdict
it's good oh I'm glad you say no you
took a bite was like no you literally
did this he went smeared all over his
face but his head times just like Jack I
don't wanna eat it that's daddy's mine
is really really good I love the
barbeque chicken it's delicious so
thumbs up for mine yeah red which one's
red which one's red Jackson that's green
where's red yeah okay it says sing a
song can you sing a song Jackson can you
sing a song casing your ABCs there you
go f G what about if you're happy you're
happy and you know it clap your hands if
you're happy and you know it clap your
hands
green gobble like a turkey can you do
that
orange stop 6 times 1 2 3 4 5 6 make a
happy face can you make a happy face
that's exactly right big happy face for
everyone there you go good job rub your
belly rub rub rub your belly rub your
belly good haha better you rub your
belly rub your belly cool rub your belly
rubs off missing you rub your belly good
make an angry face you make an angry
face to the gate can you make that was
an angry noise make an angry face
look that's right here
may can you show everyone how you make
an angry face go
oh my goodness
we just practice our dance and I feel
like we have it down I feel like we're
excited when you got another practice
coming up it's actually a little bit
yeah
and that's we're gonna finish off the
choreography and just get it solid get
it solid solid solid so whoever's
competing against us you better be ready
guess it's about a Punto be Stuart yeah
Carl ginger everybody else
I'm thank you guys so much for watching
today we had a good day we hope you guys
did too and we'll see you tomorrow
thanks for watching hi look there's
little buzz thighbone
