I wonder if you might be able to help
you may have noticed that I have a
terrible case of the hiccups it's
driving me cuckoo yeah it all started
last week on it
chilly night I'm not sure how many
penguins you know but let me give you
some advice
never give chilly to penguins
somebody's trying really hard to get
into this car just in the car there
there you go happy now you can sit in
there there's a little thing that goes
right here we should put it in there
yeah so Jackson can push him around
yeah that would be fun
honk honk happy Sunday everyone I hope
your weekend is going awesome ours is so
awesome right now because Ellie is
frosting a cake
oh that's awesome we are making a lunch
and dessert for my parents that we're
taking it over we're gonna make a little
chicken scampi do we have any of it
going right now nothing is going right
now we just put Jackson down for a nap
and this little kid Calvin is just all
over the place first he wants to be in
the car and now he's wants to climb the
stairs you just want to clean this tears
don't you you're just all over the place
we have to start keeping our eye on you
you're a little moving in a groove in
aren't ya not just worried about you
know two in the front we have to worry
about elevation changes with you yeah
did you just hurry up dad look at him he
is such a screamer Jackson's asleep
Jared's upstairs doing some work and my
hands were covered in chicken and they
could've got counter he was sitting here
screaming I was like jagged
he wants to get in the car there we go
are you happy now he has a personality
and you know what I swear he knows what
I'm saying he was crawling over here
Jared grabbing this cord and I don't I
mean you don't really get how does a
nine month old that I was like Kelvin
naughty Cal Pitt not even you look
me I said come here come here they put
and he turned around it came he thought
about I know he did he's like I know you
did like I want to feel the wrath of
mommy well I was in the military you
poopy diaper sighs like all I could do
is use my firm boys are you happy now
that during the car yeah this is so cute
oh you gotta get your favorite toy
oh that make you not yell
yeah our kids did not wake up both of
them are very angry well now you're
happy you have your coat
yeah and this is what my lap looks like
we're getting ready to go over for
dinner this is what I made you have the
most delicious laughs I've ever and that
is also I made well we ate dinner as a
family - one poor mom's not feeling too
good but dinner was delicious
Ellie thank you so much it was delicious
- the taste and gosh I feel bad I feel
bad you guys move here mom tweaks her
back and now you're catching a cold but
I have to say that only started catching
a cold as soon as you guys baby or may
we could blame it on Mel - but yeah
we're gonna just hanging out here oh I
forgot I have to get something out of
the car I'll be right back okay here it
is the moment of truth spring it on me
Oh
oh this is beautiful
what do you think that isn't the color
awesome color is amazing Wow very nice
does it feel good yeah it does the
action is really nice yeah it's nice hum
buddy
No
well even though you are a little bit
sick you can still kick my butt pad
something so that's something I need to
work on quite a bit but yeah few years
on me this is one of the things that
I've been looking forward to the most
about dad moving to Utah are those
little moments like that getting my butt
kicked
guitar solos Jackson it's raining you've
got just the outfit you've got your
raincoat and your rain boots come on
buddy do you feel it do you feel the
rain what do you think buddy do you like
the rain oh he's like I'm done
oh you want to do you want to jump 1 2 3
jump
good jump Freddy Jackson we're gonna run
we're gonna run in the rain ready Oh
Jackson look at this puddle do you want
to jump in this puddle right here come
jump in this puddle come on jump in the
puddle 1 2 3 jump do it yeah do it again
what does that feel like I don't want it
out past midnight I want you to take
very good care of it and I expect it to
be home in the same condition that it is
right now I promise your baby will be
well cared for
ok I will see you a little bit later but
you be good you be good for grandpa
guitar okay all right we'll see you
later don't laugh at me Ellie this first
Jackson oh sorry I was more worried
about the guitar
so I guess you could call this our
typical nighttime routine or bedtime
routine with the kids right now Ellie is
bathing both the boys in the bathtub hi
guys
you havin fun in the tub
and favorite toy and even when he's not
taking about he knows where the toys are
yes and he'll come in here and get it
yes he loves this toy so one of us will
either BAE the kids and then the other
one will do this and this is kind of
like what I have set up I cuz I like and
I think it's kind of fun
I have Jackson's outfit here with his
diaper
Calvin's outfit here with his diaper a
comb a brush and some coconut oil too
good the kids all lotioned up and ready
for bed then we go into the bedroom read
a bedtime story save prayers and then
the kids go to bed so that's just kind
of our bedtime routine now Jackson
Jackson I want you to listen very
closely kay I have a very special
surprise for you if you are a good good
boy yes you need to be a good boy and
listen and then I will give you a
surprise okay he's on to me he's on to
me already you have been a good boy for
the last little bit and I want you to be
a good boy the rest of this week okay
can you be a good boy the rest of this
week you can okay
so look I want you to remember that this
week you're gonna be a good good boy
and that you're getting something so you
can be a good boy now listen every time
you see those two see what I'm gonna get
you I want you to remember to be a good
boy okay do you want to go get them okay
are you excited do you want to open them
okay okay opening
ah who is that that's the cutest little
woody I ever did say hi woody yeah you
want to put him to sleep
oh good kay he's going to bed cuz he's a
good boy huh who's that set buzz me say
buzz say buzz Andy Jackson you have
Woody and Buzz say they get it out oh
you're welcome whenever you see these
toys Oh huh buzz kinda has a scary face
uh yeah you can add a little interesting
face that's funny
anyway Jackson when you see these toys I
want you to remember that daddy got you
these so you cuz you're gonna be a good
boy
and when you see these I want you to
remember I have to be a good boy in
order to keep these can you do that oh
yeah good okay good that's right are you
excited
Calvin is asleep Jackson is getting
ready for bed Ellie's gonna read him a
story and that is where our night
concludes by the way oh yes and I can't
remember my favorite bug i someone
tweeted me whoever sent us the book but
thank you for sending us it's literally
our favorite I have a good time reading
it too it's funny Oh piggyback ride
thank you guys for tuning in on our
Sunday afternoon and we hope to see you
guys tomorrow so make sure you're
subscribed and give the vid
big thumbs up I'll see you guys tomorrow
say bye guys oh do you want me to read
you a book okay I will do it alright see
you tomorrow
