I think the kids are enjoying their
breakfast Jackson did you eat a few eggs
and tell us this house is like all gone
yep and you have juice in Calvin you had
some eggs I think you enjoyed them or at
least you enjoyed some of them you
little mess maker and then I have myself
let's see an egg sandwich with avocado
cheese and tomatoes so I am sitting
pretty happy today
Jackson I think I am in love with your
new spring coat and boot isn't that cute
you are destroy ever yeah yeah say I'm
cute Oh Jackson here J so someday I some
days I I'm either not ready or I get all
out so Jackson and I we're all ready
look at you you guys you guys are so
cute I'm going to go to a baby shower
today so I'm going to go get a pack and
play for her spoiler alert
so this is my outfit of the day you're
cute okay I think he might be a little
bit cuter though because it is cold but
I feel like it's okay saying that cuz
he's our kid I think you're gorgeous all
the time like you always win but I mean
look at him
I blame um Jared for this this is so
hard yeah I blame dad this is so hard to
push this is this huge cart and Jax
knows to sit right here I love that he
loves it but it's hard to maneuver and
the cameras wobbly oh okay to have all
of our stuff I think we're ready to go
my favorite thing is when were out in
town
every time Jackson sees people he waves
to him can you a Jap yep he waves to
everybody that he sees and I love that I
love how socially yes
okay our cameras gonna fall off Wow
that's of strug skills all right it's
finally done its complete and it's up
for your viewing pleasure Vicky it's
just a feather it's just a silly feather
on the ground guys my pc build video is
up on my youtube channel I'll have a
link to it down below so long video but
we go up to like step by step on how to
build a gaming PC with all the cards
that we used what do you see okay Keith
there's a feather on the ground and it's
a key we go through all the parts and
all the steps on how to build it and
it's a lot of fun I learned a ton my
buddy Dan helped me out a ton so go
check it out I'll have a link to it down
below so the men are over here at mom
and dad's house doing some manly stuff
aren't we Jackson are we doing manly
stuff yeah we just got the internet set
up and the TV set up the girls are at a
baby shower
my cousin Amber is actually adopting a
baby so they're over there so we're
gonna do what we do best we're gonna
test internet speeds we're gonna have
some food and we're gonna just keep it
real maybe we'll bust up the guitar here
there or something like that that would
be awesome I was honestly thinking I was
like I wonder if I should bring my
electric guitar because you haven't seen
it yet you haven't seen the glory that
is my electric guitar I want to touch it
yes I want to caress it I want you to
make it sing down I want you to make it
sing hey bad should we have some food
let's eat oh you ran right up to Grandma
Robin oh he give you kids cue you better
kiss and then
Jackson did you have fun and Grandma and
Grandpa's backyard and they see you let
me see your boots oh those are new foods
Jackson is loving a grandma grandpa's
backyard you're just swatting things huh
yo that's the cool that's the funnest
just hit things house event good I busy
I've been trying to keep landmine dog
poop so leftover poop huh and I ended up
stepping in it they have a really cool
Playhouse has he been up in that look
hmm this is not even real to me that
Grandma and Grandpa live down the road
Jackson will never know anything
different
are you having fun Jackson this is kind
of like you go to your seat this is so
crazy and so fun all summer while we're
getting our backyard bill Jackson can
come here and play and play in the dirt
at our new backyard
Calvin's learning how to swing already
look his little hands precious little
hand hold on puddle jump in we're in his
boots in Wow well that's a good thing
you got your rain boots on young man
this is your first time puddle jumping
isn't it whoo what do you think do you
like that is that fun ok go jump in it
one dude khoka close that's close that's
mud buddy you say mud yeah
you whoa hello you are goofy Jax is
putting on a show for his grandma aunt
hi guys hi grandma grandpa hi guys he's
never finished her over his knees like
that videos he's totally putting on a
show well I think we've got a mission
accomplished dad I have your TV and
cable all set up in your bedroom it's an
awesome thing now you can lie and watch
TV at the same time none of this sitting
stuff that's right
full reclining yep Oh after that's true
too that's right actually that is a good
point we should probably unpack some
boxes so let's get to work our turtle
has turned into a Velociraptor into a
Velociraptor I'm buddy I thought you're
just a little snapping turtle Jackson
come look at this map this is Europe
right here and guess what oh no
Jackson's walking in Europe oh no the
monsters coming do you see this pink
country right here on the map this is
Finland and this is where daddy went on
his missions he say
Finland Oh
baby say Swami good job
this may either grow some of you guys
out or be really really interesting to
you guys look how beautiful it is like
the different colors in it look how
pretty it is yeah all the colors in it
okay God made these do you know what
they are why don't you tell us that
those are moose pellets also known as
moose poop
these are leave this poop
you know the quote from Zoolander you
could take poop wrap it up in tin foil
put fish hooks in it and sell it to the
Queen of England as earrings dad
literally did that they're actually four
keychains but dad is moose moose are
your favorite animal yeah yeah so I made
hundreds of these things and I sold
quite a few of them how much I don't
even remember it was so long ago
well you also even wrote like a little
memoir book right and moose pellet
memoirs right that's right and and it's
filled with short stories from
adventures that I've had over my life
mostly outdoor adventures and what was
on the cover actual moose pellets yeah I
think it's cool it's really cool and he
epoxy this so so it's not gross that's a
moose poop yeah yeah that's very cool
it's unique it's very unique
so dad when he wrote that book we all
got a signed copy and he wrote a little
note to us and I'm in just something
that we cherish forever you know it's a
little story book and I remember reading
those when I was a kid when I'd go to
bed and one was about hypnotizing and I
was like I wanna learn how to hypnotize
I dare you to look at liket just lick it
I'm getting on the kids bathes and ready
for bed before we go back over to
Grandma's cuz we're probably to have a
late night over there
then I I feel have found this so many
times that this is just what they love I
love this site is it a bad yes he's
sleeping oh are you gonna go to sleep
okay oh can you lay your head by his
okay yeah you know you don't want to go
to bed yet
oh there's other sounds like I look like
Moe's from this one looks like most from
from the office yeah well that was a
little scary but a little fun at the
same time guys we had some family come
in very suddenly and very awesomely you
guys are on a ski trip and that's so
cool yep you're Owen and Ryan and Anne
came by where's Anne but we're gonna
hang out so we go I just want to say
thank you guys so much for watching the
video and we'll see you tomorrow
