good job Jackson the pasta noodles in
the fridge oh so good to me
oh my god oh he is such a good helper
I'm late I am very very late well almost
I have about one second to get out the
door
Jared you can wash this heath cow
Calvin's already trying to stand up for
the day Jackson's already dressed for
the day was his bids I was in the middle
of a poopy diaper and I was like crap I
had to use the giant Asian Jared I
forgot I have I have to get out the door
right now so I'm so glad you ain't
grabbed the camera because I have
unready okay thanks sorry you're in the
middle editing and I said come get this
dirty diaper I was in the middle of a
poopy diaper
we have I didn't have to finish it
having a good I was a good hand off it
was a good exchange legs were in the air
wife was going Ellie's like here
white boy play okay I'll see you later
thanks love you wish me luck good luck
hon bye sweetheart
well what I love about it is that the
food is so real like this play food is
not the play food that I had no this is
this is uh it's even go online so real
Masco is the place that makes this it's
crazy you can spend thousands of dollars
on it I bet it looks so real like oh my
gosh this is what I've been playing with
for the last little bit there's all this
play food Peas so real it's not how we
it's just a hair it's just like hair
that's prickly don't judge me for not
shaving you know it's an owie
this is an owie I like took apart my
shin shaving last week it hurts really
bad yeah I am I'm getting my recipes for
the week to make some food for pretty
much Monday on and Jax is just sitting
here at my feet playing with my scrap of
leg hair I guess you could call it an
out
by we're gonna go work out drunk okay
Jackson in the play area okay come on
Jack
they just like photobomb you guys so
we're compiling a little grocery list
and Ellie just said chicken barbecue
flatbread pizza and my ears perked up so
fast so we're about ready to gig oh yeah
Monday night beef and Iraq that'd be fun
to make well and one thing that we've
been trying to do especially now about
Jackson's a little bit older and can
understand more is like doing more like
family nights like family-oriented we
have dinner and then we do an activity
and like a little lesson that's that's
something that we want to do a lot with
our family and I hope we can keep it up
so I think having like pizza night just
kind of like ties it all together - yeah
pizza mom and dad are coming over to our
place right now and we are going to show
them around town and take them grocery
shopping so they should be here any
minute and then we may probably should
like get up set up with like a Sam's
Club card or something - but we've got
some grocery shopping to do
what are your go-to meals what are your
favorite go-to meals that you guys like
to do like on a weekly or a bi-weekly or
monthly basis dad just said we came
downstairs and found something in your
up you're about to make an announcement
yeah I don't know how we can continue
our relationship with our son and
daughter-in-law they have a PC what is
up with that well I told you guys while
I'm actually editing the video right now
I think in the video I said we've been
an active family ever since before I was
even born I think I think what was the
first Apple product you bought was it
the Apple - it was a Mac it wasn't that
it was the Macintosh yes 1984 yeah yeah
can I say so we've been like an Apple
family ever since then and
I just you know I built a PC and he's oh
my gosh that's so cute you giving them
some of your water oh that's so nice
that's so nice good job but I built
I built a PC dad yes I am breaking the
mold I still have we still have a
MacBook and a desktop so this is this is
hard to deal with you know this is part
of parenting though you your children
sometimes do silly things well I'm sorry
to throw this on you right when you move
to Utah - you probably were expecting me
to be this Apple fanboy and you know
this entire time you have this perfect
image of your favorite son you know
Jared he's just the best and then you
move which is emotionally heartbreaking
enough and then you find out I've been
hiding this behind your back for at
least what three days now I I'm
devastated
all right VHS VHS VHS
okay I've got the juice let's see what
else oh my gosh we got a baby in the
card we got a baby in the car hey you
and we got our baby on the ground I like
your new rain boots good job Jackson the
pasta noodles are in the fridge oh so
good oh my god oh he is such a good
helper you know so we asked to help us
grab the garage was like go grab me a
bag and he sees us putting stuff in the
fridge it's just it's just trying to
stuff it in there get in there okay now
close it good helper oh you got another
bag it's heavy oh I think there's too
much in there Jackson we might have to
put it somewhere else
hey Jackson thanks for helping can you
give me a thumbs up
look Ellie I don't snore okay no matter
what you say I don't snore it was Oh
seriously what Calvin oh no it wasn't me
I don't know who it was it wasn't me I
found you I'm pretty sure was Jackson I
know I don't snore
that's silly okay Ellie and I we have to
practice more we have to practice more
we have a big dance coming up and we
have it on film and we are going to
practice are you ready let's practice
that is a wrap from Ellie and Jared
today we are exhausted Jared's gonna go
over to his dad's house we've got to set
up the internet because if you're
running in the internet business like
dad does you've got to have internet so
we've got to get that set up for
tomorrow
so Jerry's gonna go I'm gonna go to bed
kids are in bed see you guys tomorrow
we have a good day hope you did too but
I have a great weekend bye
