oh my gosh I had to run and get the
camera for this oh my gosh is he still
doing it
that's the question oh my gosh she's
standing up you pulled yourself up all
by yourself oh my gosh Calvin that is so
great
he pulled himself up and is standing oh
my gosh what a surprise
this was quite the morning it was
extremely stressful Bonnie and I are
going into town we're going to sell like
city and we're gonna go shopping and I
won didn't really want to leave the kids
because Jackson doesn't really see do
something that well and then Kelvin I've
never really left him for this long and
I at the last minute I said no I'll take
Calvin that way Jarrod I'll just take
him and all morning he was like no no I
am keeping the kids like I want to and I
just thought that was really nice of
Jarrod because I don't think I mean I
would hope I don't know how to say it I
feel an I challenge and I'm like that is
very thoughtful of you to make Ellie go
and he was like you have a good time you
like you have fun and not all husband's
would be willing to take the baby and
yeah so Thank You Jared because I have
been feeling very flustered but
something that won't make me feel
flustered is I got I got sweet are so
chill Europe well I'm gonna show them
what's in my purse let me so I will
loosen up and I will have a really good
morning it's like we're gonna be gone
all day it's just like the more
afternoon so I'll be back soon and Thank
You Jared you are very sweet husband I
love my kids and I love shopping so
we're gonna Jackson's say hey Calvin
Oh gotcha
you don't even know Calvin that was so
great let's see if I'll do it again keep
going keep going okay Jackson don't push
it don't push it oh my gosh you did it
buddy
my scammer come on oh yeah good job
I'm like so proud of it oh you wobbly
waffle er look at him we are here at my
parents house just kind of waiting for
things to get started it's me and the
boys we're not sure exactly when
everything is gonna get going so Ellie
went down Bonnie to take care of a few
things in Salt Lake City mom's like
grandma's and dad is on his way up here
to the house and we are ready to move my
parents and just wait until you see this
they have green ones two green flowers
qe bad okay the same one all right so
here's the situation
I just gave Calvin a bottle and laid him
down downstairs Jackson and I have some
work to do don't we so I have my
backpack here we're going to wait a
little bit longer until everyone gets
here and then we will be golden and I
will give mom and dad their housewarming
gifts well their housewarming gifts ah I
am thinking of the houses and we've
looked all day and these are the ones
that have been my baby
well and I told oh I just took the
camera I was gonna say we've been
through all these different shapes of
glasses and I'm like uh they look okay
so once you put these on
okay look right at me there you like
that's your shades like they were made
for your face outfit too like oh you
look so cute yes I love it that was get
headaches yes
Jerez probably be like Oh Ellie no I'm
dying out there so might think there's
nothing for your nose like it just it's
perfect you look so cool look who has
arrived
hey how are ya good good it's so good to
see you thanks it's good to be seen
welcome home you will you like the place
right yeah absolutely we love it good
all right well Ellie and I have a
housewarming gift that we want to show
you oh there you go mom's not here yet
but this is dad and this is mom's these
these are your mom and dad housewarming
gifts we we had flowers ready but we
left them at home and actually limes for
mom too but we left those at home we'll
have to bring those back before she gets
here this is awesome
welcome home dad bonnie is just looking
at some new skin care product and of
course I drug her over - she's a doe
because this is what I've been using for
six years I've talked about all the time
it literally changed my life not many
things have changed my life being
married having kids and a skin care has
changed my life I was not very happy
with my skin and I just was not happy
with it and then doing that it it just
it changed my whole how I felt about
myself and
and so we ran into a lady here she's
talking to us that she's a doe is one of
the oldest skin cares here and then so
as I guess girl on so I've never heard
of it she's talking to Bonnie all about
and I'm excited to see what she has to
say I like older skin care lines because
I feel like it's good they've been
around so long there's a reason why
they've been around too so I'm excited
to see how they're talking so mom and
dad have a moving company unload all of
their stuff from the giant giant trailer
that they had and I'm thinking it's
about lunch time I don't want to go
hungry I don't want these guys going
hungry so Jackson and I we're gonna get
some pizza for these guys what do you
say bud
should we get some pizza for these guys
let's do it
you ready you got the breadsticks can
you get your bouncy ball I got the pizza
oh thank you so much Jeffrey shape back
come on buddy let's go you say thank you
thank you Oh such a good helper okay
let's get you in your seat and we'll go
oh my goodness mom let me just give you
the softest most gentle hug ever are you
doing okay I am sorry good to see you
for a cripple I'm do you guys didn't
know mom on the second to last day of
packing up their house tweaked her back
from just really really mess up her back
so she is moving very very slow and oh
my gosh bless her heart still made the
drive did all of that stuff to get here
and so thank you you are just you are
just the true PS trooper the dopiest
doper oh it's good to see you my god you
made it in one piece it's good to be
here
I think someone's already making
themselves at home oh my gosh I love
that more than anything you having fun
buddy yeah the boys and I actually have
been doing pretty well today I've
actually been pleasantly surprised with
how well the day is gone the kids didn't
take a very long nap which is fine which
means we just get more hangout time we
then kind of plan here in the closet
Calvin is just like all over the place
getting on
his knees and standing on his feet when
he has something to hold on to and
Jackson here is a stinker bum and he
pooped all over the place so we had to
change him are you having fun today
buddy you having fun mmm nothing
oh wait wait sing your ABCs can you sing
your ABCs Jackson come on Jerry Lee
Lewis okay ready
keep going now your Jimi Hendrix hey he
shoot it cheering whoo whoo yeah dig in
oh oh you're going from downtown let's
see it
 again okay drag it I won't do this
time yeah err Kelvin drop it drop it
the hey time is insane drop it drop it
yeah
it was so good to see my boys but we are
going to go to Grandma's house and I'm
going to go over and see him and say hi
and we got a hint
their parents a little welcome home was
your home present so we're gonna miss
and lemons for their Airlines for their
their pot they like that yeah what but
it's an exclamation of joy and to
understandingly james jackson rehearsal
you have to be good yeah that is a
Bieber's let's go
we've got housewarming gift part two I
hope you enjoy these flowers mom what in
the world are you doing young man whose
shoes are you wearing whose shoes are
those my mama's I'm actually kind of
impressed on how well you're walking in
those bye oh nice save we are in mom and
dad's bedroom they have all of these
boxes that we are gonna help them with
over the next gosh how long does it take
the unpack a house well it's gonna be a
while apartment it's pretty fast oh my
gosh Ellie goes into like unpack
mountain get some done in like an hour
but they've got a bunch of stuff here
but we have to get home cuz these kids
need to go to bed so oh you are smiling
I saw your smile yeah okay so we're
gonna put the kids to bed and so with
that we must bitch I drew I was terrible
was a terrible accident I knew in a box
they had never been started up that kids
are in bed it is time for us to go to
bed we are so excited that Jared's
parents are here you guys are gonna be
seeing a lot more of them we can't wait
to see them tomorrow what we're gonna
see if we're smart we are it's gonna be
fun it's crazy
we've got a lot of work to do but it's
gonna be a lot of fun they hear sounds
retching and we'll see you tomorrow bye
leg day
member
