do you have a camera yeah yeah okay um
last night a lot of us were up all night
and I woke up this morning and I said I
want to go to breakfast yeah you want to
go to breakfast we'll go to breakfast to
meet just some fun so so sad yeah so fun
yeah let's go to breakfast let's go to
breakfast
what are you order Jared Jackson or you
can order oh you are sugar cookies
now we're here this is such a cute place
did you walk in and they just have it's
always festive and they always have cute
little things
show me how you put it together already
doo dee doo dee doo dee dee dee such
good Sarah do you play all sugar and
butter
I'm sure there's all this before you I
bet it tastes so good okay I'm going to
the gym today well of course you can
have mama but I just want to kiss good
okay
you guys go have fun at the gym we're
going to the gym we're gonna run to the
store real quick okay me and Calvin
Calvin we're gonna have some fun okay
we're gonna play do you want to play
with Daddy
come on favorite daddy he's like no I'm
gonna go with mom and Jackson
okay I love you work hard be safe before
we go to the gym wouldn't we walk into
the front area we always look at me no
where's Nemo Yeah right there yeah
there's blue Dory is back there Nemo
yeah I can't wait until the finding Dory
comes out all of a sudden they're gonna
watch look there's Nemo in the laying
down hopefully he's not stuck this kid
is just growing up way too fast he gets
so excited when he sees this little baby
food and he just was like loving it like
I love all of the different facial
reactions he gives all of the sounds he
makes he say Dada Dada Dada Dada Dada
say Dada Dada Dada Dada say dead dead
dead you like to say mama huh
Mama's one of your favorite words and
that's another one of your favorites huh
yeah it is you're so stinking care yeah
don't make me try and say words I want
to have my mouth full of food not words
food not words
I thought that hey ready hey what you
doing hi quick hey oh he's going for the
moustache of fire we haven't seen that
since Jackson was a baby in the petal of
the pinkies hey guys
post tight cuddles
you three are cooking apps now you're
all Catalan you're also going with your
gut right no this is oh you know I know
you can't always do this but it just
don't happen that the kids left at the
same time which one is it miracle in
itself
if you after workout are able to close
your eyes for a second it is the best
feeling in the world working hard it
really is like yeah cuz like my arms are
sore I close my eyes I woke up I just
like I can really in the world oh you're
doing it
yeah there's two of them tell me can you
go get it go there you go there you go
Wow look you think I got it I'm not
trying anymore come on little bum try
try and get up the stairs that's two
people
he's trying I'm just using my foot to
let him push off up oh my goodness
Calvin come on go on bare-bottom oh
there you go there you go there you go
good job I got the hiccups sorry we
haven't had too many first lately and
this is definitely one for the bugs
how did this is the car seat Oh Jackson
actually we just ate pizza I gave Calvin
a little bit did you like it dad
yeah no oh do you see the the kayaks
cool so many fun things in Sam's Club we
have some things to do
Calvin is currently stealing his pizza I
think what we should do is mom and dad
move in tomorrow I think we should get
some housewarming gifts just for them I
did too you want to go see that cave
let's go get diapers and then we will
let's go get diapers first then we'll
look well this is about the worst thing
I could ever happen to someone in the
entire world
not really but it's kind of a foot kind
of puts a damper on things
we were just a sense of getting some
things we'll get some nice housewarming
presents for my mom and dad cuz they're
moving in tomorrow and we have a flat
tire oh my gosh yeah the tire what does
it look like Jackson is it pretty is it
pretty bad oh yeah oh yeah definitely
it's an owie should we should we get it
replaced
that's my recommendation - oh my gosh
well and gosh Joel must have been
inspired because as soon as we're
looking at like crap what do we do I
went inside like we gotta get all four
tires changed anyway because it's about
that time they're getting pretty bald he
calls and he's like hey Joe heard what
you do and you want do you need anything
and like chill like what the heck
actually we're just out here in the
parking lot of Sam's Club our tires flat
he's like you want me to come pick you
up and I was like no it's okay Ellie's
like uh-huh
yeah so blessed Joel of his heart of
gold he's coming to pick us up thank you
so much like that was so kind to go out
of your way and pick us up just so cool
and now we're watching fuller house
dying to watch there's no we haven't
this is like a first time I know right
you ready to go for a ride guys let's go
for rides on your marks get set go
Jackson had a great start but Boston is
the winner good job boys should we do
round two on your marks get set go
mommy's coming back where's Jackson
there he is Jackson it's like twice the
size of his body
look at him god oh my gosh I know well
the car took a little bit longer to get
fixed with all the tires and we
originally thought it would so Bonnie
took us home and the kids are in bed and
we are just getting ready for tomorrow
tomorrow's gonna be pretty exciting
tomorrow's the day my parents move and I
cannot wait to see them it's it's gonna
be very awesome we got them a couple
little housewarming gifts that was very
mom and dad esque or at least my parents
but since our car wasn't ready at the
time we couldn't deliver it just yet but
we'll do that tomorrow and I am so
excited so thank you guys so much for
watching the video be sure to give it a
thumbs up and we will see you tomorrow
buddy
