you guys doing your morning tours spring
cleaning is what we're doing Jackson are
you helping what did you scrub in this
what can you show me how you do it good
yeah
he was down the floorboards he's didn't
wanna do it I know you have fun oh my
gosh
Oh
Jackson that's the opposite of what
you're supposed to be doing you're
supposed to be cleaning not riding on
the walls oh my gosh okay let's have a
little chat buddy I want you to light
this up okay right then up with it there
you go
clean up clean up this is really good to
clean yeah
okay wipe it off there you go
I'm just glad it wasn't like like the
the actual wall cuz that would be so
much harder to clean just cuz the
material type yeah yeah look you did
good creamy hugs
Jackson do we color on the walls no we
color on paper not the walls or our
hands it is a March first and it feels
so good outside it is supposed to be 50
degrees today and all we've been doing
all morning his then spring cleaning
this kid has helped a lot he's made a
mess a lot has helped and we're going
into the store we're going to get some
sandwiches to make for lunch and some
necessities we always get blueberries
avocados Calvin loves avocado so it's
what he eats a lot for lunch
okay can you load up on there for me
okay
thank you guys frankly I'm shocked I'm
shocked and disgusted this is
unbelievable
even with moving the crib from the
office into our bedroom this office is
still a giant mess look at this there's
stuff all over the place I have a buddy
coming over today to help me build my
computer and this is where we're gonna
build it so we cannot have this giant
mess of a room so I have to clean that
so I'm gonna do that right now and let's
do it let's do it fast
Oh yesterday we were talking about like
oh hi buddy how are you good
oh is that grandpa up there in the
picture it's been a while since you said
hi to him yeah grandpa is driving
probably right now to Utah that's
probably what's happening last night we
were talking about how Jackson's
vocabulary is just like increasing and
increasing and everything and not even
that just even the sentences that he's
saying he's like saying complete
sentences I want the blue cup is what he
just said to me and unfortunately
Jackson Lucas which one do you want your
nose is like a tornado
say Jackson say I want the blue Cup Oh
blue Cup you're doing so good but you
don't throw the clear cup and you'll be
happy with that
the blue ones dirty oh it's dirty get
what you get you don't throw fit guys
this kid just got an early bath and he
is nine months old I don't think we ever
talked about it you are night meant old
you're nine months old this is how old
Jackson was when we found out we were
pregnant with Calvin isn't that so crazy
to think I actually just I tweeted that
today like uh isn't that insane like oh
my gosh
Calvin is as old as Jackson was when we
found out we were pregnant with you
that's crazy
I cannot pit I can like that can you
imagine being pregnant again no do you
want to have a toddler and a baby we get
asked all the time if we want more kids
course we do timing is important I still
have a baby he's just my girl once once
mom gets at least six hours of sleep
straight for four months maybe I'll
think about it
I think yourself though we have these
guys for at least 18 years you know
those three for 18 years 18 years we're
gonna be tough on night when you guys
are going on dates with your lady
friends and all that stuff
it's on the neck okay it's on the neck
Calvin nickim ah ah one two three
that's some big date you get there this
is absolutely disgusting
I pulled the sheets off of our bed to
wash it and lo and behold I found I
don't know how old a old dirty soggy
diaper I mean this is disgusting because
it it probably has been here since
before we went to my mom's this weekend
like that is so gross um so it's about
time I clean the house cuz we find gems
like that from you oh my goodness that
is disgusting it will throw it away and
good thing I'm bleaching my sheets it
says give a high-five good job but okay
purple no no that says wave your hands
can you wave your hands
this game that I got for Jackson the
other day has been really fun we're just
sitting here playing with it read choose
the red one yeah that's a paper can you
grab the red card grab a red one what
color is red grab it
good job huh
it says give oh we've already done that
one here hold that one thank you here
hold that one this is the one we haven't
done and it says below it says blow a
kiss good job
like death mm-hmm this has been a really
fun game actually and I'm excited for
next time Bonnie or some of the nephews
come over we're gonna play this because
it is the perfect age for Jackson this
is insane and I have to film this this
is not normal and I'm really excited to
talk to you guys about this look at that
he's downing it Wow Calvin you're
hitting some milestones that's for sure
yep and just for my street I cannot
believe that that just happened I can't
believe that Calvin just took a bottle
and I the past few weeks I have been
struggling with several things and I
have just been really hoping they
covered with take a bottle especially at
night maybe so I could get a little bit
more sleep and one of the biggest things
is I'm just giving a lot of calories
right now and I'm not really able to
keep up on the way that I am wanting to
and so I just have been really hoping
that he would take a bottle and I've
tried for quite a while and he just
never seemed to like it and I've just
done that go whenever that's okay but I
recently ordered and a I recently
ordered a few bottles just to see if
maybe he wants a different bottle and he
hated this one I didn't like this one
this one look how funny and goofy that
is um he kind of did that one and then
yesterday I introduced him to this one
which is the coma Toma Toma coma
it is the Toma what is it called the
coma Toma that's what it is
it's the coma Toma bottle and I offered
that to him just now and he like drink
up five ounces and loved it and I
couldn't even believe that I was so
shocked and so maybe
so hopefully Calvin will you know take a
bottle maybe just at nighttime so that
jared could see them and that way i can
get some more breaths and hopefully
start trying to put on a little bit of
weight and so that i can feel better
physically and mentally and everything
else and anything it was just crazy you
shocked me
you shocked me i couldn't even believe
it i had just a text all my sisters i
said he's on his fourth Alex I can't
even believe it it took me five bottles
and a lot of trying to get him to down
some milk and but he did it and of
course my sister's like oh my gosh I'm
so happy and my mom look at that yawn
and my mom said maybe now my baby can
get some sleep
so thank you thank you mom yes hopefully
I can get some more sleep but this I
still cannot even believe it I could
never believe you took some milk it's
funny I think that he likes his bottle
because he can actually latch on to it
like his bottom lip is turned out
whereas the other valve he never could
do that and this is obviously how he is
with me so I just thought that was
really interesting well I feel like
today was a very productive day we got a
ton of cleaning done but there's still a
lot left to do and I had my buddy come
over and we got this done oh my goodness
I can't believe it I am going to have a
video on my channel sometime soon with
the whole process if you guys are
interested so with that I think we are
going to call it a night I want to thank
you guys so much for watching the video
be sure to give it any big thumbs up and
we'll see you guys tomorrow thanks for
watching
