doo-doo-doo-doo ah I see teeth oh two
two two two two
ah I see I see teeth look longer -
they're right they're right next to each
other are there two of them and there's
a cheat like that's no way the truth is
not there good morning guys
when Calvin popped his first tooth we
were in California and the whole week
when he got his first tooth
he slept so great at night and last
night he popped his second tooth and he
did amazing he did amazing
he slept from 6:30 to about 3:30 and
he'd never does that like it just it
probably felt so good to him to just
sleep now that that pain his surface and
you don't really feel it much more but
I'm just getting a look at that sweet
baby face look at you oh I know you I'm
just getting Calvin to take us first nap
right now usually I just let him down
but I just I try and cuddle him and rock
him as much as I can because then they
turn Jackson's age and they don't want
to be cuddled interrupt so I just try
and rock you as much as I can if you
IJ's I can't and then here two seconds
he'll start arching is that cuz he
doesn't want to be held he'll just want
me to lay him down so crazy how time
flies
you know he's nine months old and I used
to think all he's never gonna take a nap
but he does he takes naps now but it's
hard when you're not when when your
teeth in you know it t thing is so hard
on your body okay we're gonna go check
it out
adult sometimes at the end of the day
you get a headache and babies important
things can't tell you when they have a
headache so I usually try and keep some
baby tylenol on me at the same time boy
you girls are just killing on the videos
today Ellie's filmed three videos this
morning and one with Bonnie even you
guys just a little make up a little in
maybe an hour yeah you're just pitching
have a schedule like this is good oh ha
ha fun I thought all day long it's like
spring outside like I feel like I think
so to be like a kick in are stuff like I
woke up feeling not very well this
morning but I got ready and I'm like oh
I felt good had a little bit of a runny
belly but look how beautiful it is
outside oh look at the horse poo this is
kind of a surreal moment that I'm
experiencing right now I just got off
the phone with my mom and dad and my
brother we just had separate phone calls
and my parents are packing up a moving
van right now they have all of their
stuff in boxes and they are making the
trip tonight or tomorrow to move here
and I have driven down to pick up their
keys to their new place and I'm gonna go
inside and everything and it's just code
it's just so crazy my Matt and I were
just talking like how was our child at
home and it's not ours anymore and it's
just crazy to think because I've never
had this experience my dad has moved you
know he moved to town when he was a kid
but I've never had that that placement
that you know you call home or at least
your parents home and everything and now
it's gonna be somewhere somewhere else
there have been tons of comments which
I've really appreciated that if you know
home is where your heart is home is
where Wi-Fi connects automatically
that's that's just a joke but home is
where your family is and you know it's
not necessarily one place but it's where
your
art is and where your family is and I
and I definitely appreciated that all
those nice comments but it's an exciting
time right now it's so crazy that all of
this is happening right now and I'm glad
that we're filming so we have all of
this documented so thanks for thanks for
taking the journey with those guys this
is crazy this is so exciting
my parents are gonna be closer to us
they're gonna be closer to Grandma we're
gonna see a lot more I'm excited to play
guitar with my dad like how fun is that
gonna be all right let's go get those
keys this is it I drove to my parents
new house we're about to walk inside if
we can get the door open
hello here's a quick little sneak peek
my parents house it's exciting this is
exciting look at this little guy girl
look at you go I cannot even believe it
this kid is crazy he is climbing up on
everything you're gonna be a stair champ
very very soon and I'm just packing up
some of our winter gear and I wanted to
tell you guys you know how sometimes
we're always like Jarrod's doing a
project or Jarrod's you know I feel like
a lot of times we say things and it's
like well where are those projects a lot
of times those things take a long time
to work out when you're working with a
lot of people it takes time but Jarrod
since he's been going down to st. George
he is working on a really cool channel
with his friends Derral Eve's and that
channel is up and running in the first
videos up right now it's called geekify
guys and is really cool um things that
guys like to do and girls but
specifically them they have a lot of fun
there's a video up right now it's really
fun it's really entertaining and I hope
that you guys like this so if you want
I'll have moving down below of that
nature
you guys can go check out and see Jared
do really cool bubble wrap stuff or
shotgun stuff or whatever he was doing
down in st. George I don't know like
what I'm kind of embarrassed but I'm
like it's okay I dare its admission like
admitting that you have a problem is the
first step of recovery right is that
what it is I mean so hard I took a
picture today and I sent it to my family
because I just got the keys and I took
the picture of the keys and sentence of
my family I looked at my face and I was
like oh your unibrow
Jared control yourself there there you
go that's better better you look really
good in that hat oh my gosh this this
hat is very fitting for me Jared you
should usually keep it like that
this is Ellie's wax kit Ellie would you
mind should we go get our tools let's go
get them show me where the tools are
buddy
you're looking for the tools okay say
tools we are going to move the crib yet
again from the office somewhere else so
we're gonna get the tools right we're
gonna get the tools and we're gonna move
it real quick where are you tools where
are you I'm not sure you're doing much
looking buddy that's not really where
the tools are are they we were just
getting ready to end our night but as I
was in town with Bonnie I've been
wanting to find something like a game
for us to do for Monday night for family
night together
and I found something really fun I think
I think Jackson's going to enjoy and
this is what it is it's called a roll em
play you just pretty much roll the ball
coordinate the color with the card and
then one of the card is like so the same
food like a cow or rub your time you
something fun that like Jackson knows
how to do so I'm excited July I thought
it would be fun to get it for family
night Wow
let's do it well there's no one you want
to play the game say let's play a game
this is really fun
I've been working with Jackson in his
colors what what one is blue ones boy
show me blue where's blue and which one
is yellow yellow which one's red that
one's red so where's the orange where's
the orange can you clap with us I'm
gonna throw a really high Jackson throw
so so high okay I'm gonna pick a green
one hi hi bark like a dog
what does a doggy say yeah yeah yo yo
purple ball it says touch your toes keep
touch your toes pat your head seven
times and you pack can you find your
head seven times
ready one two three
sometimes I pack your head tube you
Larry is doubling on the daily that's
what it feels like he just says learning
so many words Jackson sir I'm sorry you
have to wait some more herb Oh
where's purple he has a purple stain
upon his hands though it says pull your
ear where's your ear you pull it pull it
oh say Jackson Clark he come is Jack's
name actually business I've been telling
him all week Jackson Clark weakened
eekum do a silly dance can you do a
silly dance
yes silly ready let's dress them again
don't worry here to stay right here
let's do something yes ready
that silly yeah
well guys I think we are going to go
ahead and call it a night this kid needs
to go to bed after a very successful
game huh did you have fun thank you guys
so much for watching and we will see you
tomorrow Jackson say see you tomorrow
thanks for watching bye
