folks you just cannot get any cuter than
this week till he turns look at us and
sadness in his pocket come on let's go
you are so cute look how cute you are
we're all ready for church you ready
whoa yeah you look so cute yeah aunt mom
what airplane yeah we need get your
airplane and Calvin you're all ready for
church can you guys even see him
already I'm all ready we're gonna grab a
quick little bite to eat then we're
gonna go to church
is beautiful out of sight is not cold
but not warm it's perfect and so I
thought can you put a little gate up and
let Jackson play out here like he
usually does and I brought his bike out
so he could play on his bike and he
flipped he wanted my blue bike a blue
bike Jackson your bike has always been
red you don't have a blue bike come to
find out he wanted the blue bike and
he's mad that that's up because he wants
to scoot all the way down yeah so let
him scoot down now that we finally
figured out what he wanted ready set go
that's like his favorite thing to do
ever since he discovered it he loves
going from here and just all the way
down okay do it again but go go go do
you say he says ready go okay let's try
it again Jackson that was a little crazy
is that fun well only took us one full
week actually a week in a day but we
finally got our pictures back up on the
wall oh I don't know if that one's
exactly straight anyway um and I was
thinking I was like oh shoot do I have
them in the right order and the only
ones I think I could have switched
around would be this one and this one
and then these two right here so I'm
like oh I should probably go look in
some of the old videos and see if I
actually flip flops or anything okay
you're right you want to try again okay
get up and try again
Jackson has he I haven't even shown him
how to do it he just pulled up the
skateboard and started standing on it
and pushing with his foot let's see if
they'll do it again
okay try again Jackson skateboard
Oh dragon stand in the middle there you
go now push you did it before okay you
can do it yet but you gotta push off
with the other foot there you go Jackson
I'm kind of proud of you you're doing so
good give it another shot buddy you can
do it you just got to keep the board
under your feet okay try again and push
it there you go you're so close
Calvin is out here to play - hey buddy
this is like your first time crawling
out here isn't it we've been in winter
this whole time you guys are so stinking
cute you know that whoo jump it again do
it again
dude you're doing like so many cool
skateboarding tricks let's do it again
Oh
jump
whoa whoa you got like three feet err on
that one Jackson let's see it man whoa
straight-up shred and dude yeah before
we do our Q&A I have to show you this is
amazing at least I think it is but I
need you ready to eat
today has been a lot of fun we kind of
just been hanging out as a family and
whether it's skateboarding find the
drone eating dinner the clips have been
kind of random and out of the place but
it's been a fun day and now we're ready
to answer some questions
I love hurt your month I just wrote oh
I'm real bad I always get paranoid that
it's a cold sore so I always make sure
you get cold sore is really easy and
I've never had one in my entire life
yeah I don't think it okay what's the
first question first question is when
the two of you are dating was there a
defining moment that made you realize
that you wanted to spend the rest of
your life saying yeah yeah and I would
say when I wouldn't click that I was
like I think we're gonna spend together
forever was we had a first few dates
here but then when Jared moved and was
in school I would drive an hour to go
visit him on the weekends or he'd come
up and I think like that first time that
I went down and we just hung out that
day we had like a little day day yeah
tandem bikes together we look like I
think that day I was just like yeah I
were gonna go on several more dates and
we're gonna fall in love I like I knew
it yeah I think it was a lot more
gradual for me I definitely like knew
there was something special about Ellie
but I'm just glad that you know we took
time and went on dates and everything
and but I don't know if there was like
one moment where I was like oh I need to
ask her to marry me because she's the
one it was definitely I think it was
more gradual what is one hobby that you
love but nobody knows about oh gosh it's
hard to say because we show a lot of our
hobbies because their interests are oh
yeah like ding cameras and this is a
hobby it's just things that I really
really enjoy doing that's like me time
like I love painting my toenails like
filing them and making sure my feet look
yeah I guess you don't show that
time because that's like what the kids
are without a hobby you do enough to
make it a hobby if I had more time and
maybe like when my when the kids are in
school and stuff I used to love to make
jewelry like I would get sterling silver
wire and railed beads and like pearls
and I would make jewelry no you do that
a lot when I was younger but something I
haven't done a long time when your kid
in your sick how sick would you have to
be the Salem I don't know if I stayed
home when I when I got sick I didn't I
didn't stay home a ton I think I think I
have to like throw up I don't know mom
maybe you can correct me on that because
she was definitely the one who would
tell me if I could or could not
I didn't I liked going to school and
hanging out with friends I think
honestly what it was is if I like I had
like a test or something or an
assignment I like crap I didn't do that
I'd be like mom I'm really sick I think
that's like the only time I really did
it because sometimes I enjoyed going to
school if I was sick my mom let me be
home I didn't have to be throwing that
yeah that's about it
you had it much easier than I did I
guess let's update that is definitely a
cold sore oh he's been watching myself
in the camera the entire time she's like
now you get do get your cold sores from
like stress or from everything it's
everything
maybe skiing the wind the cold stress
huh I'm gonna go find everyone so I like
I don't even know so it's like it is it
like germs or is it like irritation or
address credit area I don't know ah dang
it
I do know that your family gets them all
but yeah it could not be I mean I always
think it is and then Twyman saying it's
not my picking at it but okay anyway I
have to be done with your lips those are
for me for kissing okay what is your
most embarrassing moment I think we've
answered this before I have to one of
them was just a few years ago I had a
cold sores but they're like sun
blistered - it was all over my top lip
we have no I look like I don't think so
maybe I'd be doing movies long like a
turtle
it was back in as few years ago bet huh
I look like a turtle I had to call in
sick to the salon I remember now I can't
even talk
oh so ugly like yes and it was like it
was almost like me calloused over it was
really really bad that was embarrassing
and this is like really embarrassing not
anymore now that I'm older but in school
nobody knew in school the only person
that knew was my mom I think my dad -
excuse my home from lunch I had just
gotten done from being sick I was in the
sixth grade and I had just got done for
being sick and I literally put my pants
Oh like I know how this happens a lot on
these bottom yeah we talked about it but
it was sixth grade and I remember I was
not a ton but I was just like I didn't
even ask to leave I just left I called
my mom and she came and got me and I
went home like I was like I wanted you
know I I don't want like did the
students ever find out did your friends
ever find out mmm-hmm
I was like it was so quick like I was
just like oh I'm going home did you have
any like public embarrassing moments or
anything I put my pants before the July
yeah I guess that's true of the hundreds
of them I promise I do not live here Oh
bowel syndrome I'm trying to think of
like my most embarrassing moments I mean
obviously as a kid I would call the
teacher mom every once in a while and
that was so embarrassing because like
you have like 30 of your friends in
school and you're like mom you just like
and and so like I would do that and I'm
just trying to think I know I
so here's okay here's one as a kid and
this is like terrible I really hope this
never comes to surface as a kid we went
to go see the Nutcracker I don't know
what we were doing but we had a video
camera and I barely even remember having
a video camera at home this is when I
was like eight years old maybe but I
decided I'm gonna act out the Nutcracker
because we just saw it so I'm gonna act
it out for my family and yeah and it
seemed like a great idea at the time you
have your family home videos you have my
money I think so yeah when they move
we'll have to find some footage and put
out that
not this one I recently watched it like
I don't know a few years ago seriously
most embarrassing moment of my life
watching Jax pants move here eventually
we'll dig and find literally facepalm
and my face turned red I've all of my
siblings were laughing at me I was the
most annoying kid in the entire world
I was just like how did you guys keep me
around how did I survive my siblings I
was so annoying
it was so bad that's that's embarrassing
it was really embarrassing and I hope
you guys never ever see it and because
you said that you will no geez what is
your most embarrassing moment if you
guys want to share it be sure to leave a
comment down below of your most
embarrassing moment we shared ours it's
your turn now guys now that's it for our
blog today guys thank you so much for
watching choose a fun relaxing Sunday
and we'll see you tomorrow bye
