yeah he said I'm silly
yeah you look silly
and Krampus boots you do really well
walk it in those boots wow those are
something those boots have seen a lot of
miles haha
you want to go in the car with them yeah
okay guys we're peaking in grandma grips
drawers I don't know if this is
appropriate all right
but seriously look at that look how good
that looks mom was telling me she's been
watching tons of YouTube videos on how
to organize your life yeah that konmari
method cool and she's gonna shown me how
everything looks and it looks nice so
I'm gonna go find the videos that moment
watchin so I can go organize my George
well Chaz and I have had a lot of fun on
the slopes and everything but it's about
time we actually go and get some work
done so we're gonna run out and we're
gonna go to Starbucks yep so that's the
thing that you guys do is you go to
Starbucks and sit down and do work do
work okay so we're gonna go to Starbucks
well and also they're having a favorite
well you guys are also having a baby
shower so we're gonna it's men it's not
for our family so no surprises there
yeah a little balloons and presents and
so we're gonna get out of your hair
we're gonna get some work done and then
have some fun after that Chinese so good
chass√© and i just got back from our
little work meeting and I'm hanging out
with love but what is on your face you
got some markers on your face silly boy
were you coloring yeah every time we
come in this room Jackson says something
because he sees that right there and
these up there Jackson come here come
here I want you to say what does that
say what does a cow say what is that say
it's been like running around and I
think you can it when I walked it I
think you kind of been showing off to
them oh yeah he doesn't like prance
around act like a cat
there's tons of like little cakes and
stuff here and it's fun but we're
heating up some leftovers for lunch
right now
giddyup cowboy it's time to ride let's
go let's go on that bucking horse and
get some drawers dude we're out here in
Ogden jazz and I he just took a picture
in front of this giant mural and I was
telling him that July the the week the
third week in July in Utah is like one
of the busiest coolest weeks because
it's Pioneer Day there's all these
rodeos all these fun activities for your
family to do so we're just talking about
that you want to take a picture in front
of this mural so we did but today is
unfortunately chadzmuth last day here
with us and so we have one very special
activity that we're going right on yeah
my initial plan was for you and Joel to
do it together because you guys have
never done it Joel has to work so he
couldn't then I thought you know Ellie
and chives would love this a lot but
Ellie wanted to stay and hang out with
the kids and do the baby shower and I
was like hey maybe Chad and Chad could
do it together
I've already done it that's why that's
what I'm trying to say I have already
done it so I want to see if any other
one any other people could do it but
Ellie's dad had something to do so we
Chaz and I have teamed up and we are
going to do this fun activity what it is
right
now we're going skydiving you seem very
thrilled man you excited yes let's do it
there's a giant fan down there and it
blows up and we float here if we're
really good if you guys remember two
years ago maybe I think Ellie and I did
this and it was so much fun
I really wish she could be here to do
with us but
the baby shower is done and Jackson has
the leftover balloons but of course you
always lose one do you want to get it
reach up and get it if grandpa holds yep
can you get it he is being such a
stinker Jackson don't you want the
balloon you want me to hold you up here
I'll hold you up are you say thank you
say thank you grandpa okay now he wants
it hi Jackson
the weather is starting to warm up so
much I wear shoes
yeah you crazy people okay that's a wrap
how was it man was it fun
we're glad you took my job dude I I just
love the sensation of like flying yeah
anything that I can get to that
sensation I would love to do we're just
getting ready to pack up and go and we
definitely can't forget you oh you
you're kinda even the thought of it even
the thought of leaving you makes you cry
well it makes me cry even the thought of
leaving you
you guys won't even believe we've had
such a crazy weekend with our card
situation Jarrod forgot his wallet we
were losing our cards left and right we
have to go up to the ski resort to go
pick up my card because we left it on
the food tray table and luckily it
didn't get thrown away luckily it didn't
get stolen and they have it so I'm going
to go pick it up but how come this is
the biggest headache it is the biggest
headache and very inconvenient for
everyone so it's been yeah we're ready
to go get my card before we hit the
airport we came into this little play
area and this is Jackson's favorite
except to show you guys what he's doing
he has done like making a ton of friends
jump jump you have him saying yes he's
running around everywhere are you having
fun buddy Jackson loves City Creek more
than anyone I know he loves playing at
the play place he just usually has some
water with it but now they've got lights
and so he's kind of just playing around
having some fun right before we take off
and take Chad's of the airport
kind of just hanging out we just had
some dinner and walked around City Creek
for a little bit kind of gave him a feel
of downtown Salt Lake you can take the
water yeah do you want to touch it yeah
let's touch the water
is it called yeah it's pretty cold
I just hate goodbyes see you thank you
so much Thank You Jer I had such a plan
amazing time everyone say goodbye to
Chaz bye jazz they told me to fix my
hair cuz I guess I had that's really
good kind of really really bad and
really gray it's really fun um we're
gonna go ahead and end the vlog guys
thank you so much for watching
we're really excited for this week
Jared's parents are moving
it's gonna be a great time to be very
fun very busy most of all really fun see
you tomorrow
