good morning guys and we are here mom
and I are cooking breakfast dad is
cooking an evil schemers and mom and dad
has been cooking elbow schemers ever
since they met Jared's parents and I'm
really excited for Jared's parents to
move to Utah so yes we we really
shouldn't make ample skeevers moving
next week and I'm really excited because
jerez parents move I have dinner
together with his parents my parents
will have breakfast a lot of times and I
will just be really fun because my
parents and my parents I'm finding all
the in-laws yeah I'm excited for my
pears that his friends the horses are
really sick they're moving they're
moving away very late yeah all their
friends and family and relationships and
they're coming in you know be close to
us to Grandma to their other family and
the Hoff married my aunts and uncles and
I like I'm just so excited for this
relationship you guys may have heard us
talk about mo skeevers in the past but
some of you guys may have never really
do know what that means right some of
you may never have seen them though but
these are what they are and I really
like the way that Ellie's parents do
them is their little pancake balls
Danish pancake balls and they put little
berries in them in my favorite part is
what you use to flip them is a little
sewing needle and you know what whether
it's a sewing needle a chopstick or a
little skewer thing just as long as you
can flip them in there when they're
cooked watch your little pancake ball
and they're just the the most delicious
little breakfast treat ever and they're
so good and Ellie's pears to them so
well they put a little fruit
strawberries blueberries blackberries
inside of them and they're really really
we give credit where credit's bigger the
first time we have raid was it your
parent huh
was that alright when we got married
like right after yeah yeah they were
really crazy yeah hey guilty because we
kept make more bad they're that good
like they're yeah and so we figured well
this is so good we gotta learn how to do
yeah there are delicious and if you want
to learn how to make them Ellie has a
video on her channel actually have it
link down below where she walks through
with my mom I'm gonna make them you guys
give each other kisses mo hey good
ticket or way look you are gonna do it
but you were a stinker you want to
pancakes okay let's go get some I really
like this view I think it's really cute
I love the Boston has a motorcycle I am
huh is it good Olivia looks yummy is it
good is it good
how could it good how cute is it that
these kids are just sitting here at the
table eating like just I it's almost
like a Norman Rockwell picture like I
could see that like painted as like you
know what I mean yeah it's cute alright
are you guys ready to rock
let's do this we've got the truck full
and we are about to hit up the mountain
go skiing I'm nervous you're gonna do so
good but it's just so different last
time versus we work out for you yeah
now things are figuring you know you're
gonna do so awesome like I'm so excited
that I got my wife there and how cool is
it you're skiing with your dad your
and Joe every else is in there
uncle Jun and our buddy Chad's from Los
Angeles California who happens to be
like a professional skier on the side
who didn't
I think a lot of people have the same
idea we had today
this mountain is jam-packed full I've
never seen the parking lot like so pad
we had to go to like the third overfill
for parking ah
no every red coat I'm like that I know
that's the like that's the one cool
thing is like you go skiing make sure
you have a unique coat so you can
identify people easier
the Ellie and I are taking our first run
we're gonna get warmed up and then we're
gonna meet up with everyone else and
have a good day on the slopes with my
wife feels good that was the better
didn't we took Jack sinks it's not crazy
oh yeah
you
today I was supposed to work out and it
was supposed to be like day and instead
I went skiing with everybody and I got a
full body workout that was in Ted oh my
gosh I was going to think about quite a
few time it was really fun
we're all just kind of sitting here
eating talking and Kelvin so I fed
problem before I left and pinned down
furniture slept for three hours and maan
yeah
they had doors and then he fell asleep
in the car on the way here so that just
goes to show you how good he slept last
night so I get I ate
okay we have fosston Jackson Cody's
Olivia who else we miss it Kelvin we
have a bathtub full of kids some pretty
heavy water yes shel silverstein uh too
many kids in the tub I just wash it
behind I'm sure it wasn't mine there's
you better get to the top
hi Calvin well you get home from skiing
and I feel like a lot of us we just
dropped likewise one of us after the
other I fell asleep on the way home then
we're all downstairs in the in the
basement and then three of us fell
asleep and now the kids are getting
ready to go to sleep I guess deli and
Bonnie gave the kids all a bath and you
guys are already oh my god I don't know
what it was if I'm just my bending over
or something like that but I got up from
the chair and I I felt like an old man I
just OH
chisel bad mark I know you weren't in
the fetal position a chair oh my gosh
what a what a fun day we've had just
skiing and everything and it's been good
we wouldn't be able to start the weekend
without busting out the drone and right
now dad has it and he is flying around
he just took it
he's a little anxious but I think he's
doing a pretty good job so far just as
long as you don't crash I'm okay
because you know that's oh it's like
that's some good footage right there
that's great
45 meter 100
so yeah the closer we get the closer we
get over that way it's a restricted
no-fly zone actually which is what we
found out through the app then like
that's cool just an abrupt morning yeah
like you can go there okay people have
taken you on to Chinese restaurants in
LA not why okay but everywhere I go
they're very trouble we get Chinese in
assault is good is just to see if you
can find good Chinese
so essentially what Ellie is saying is
this the best place that she's ever had
Chinese and one of the only places she's
had Chinese all over Utah and Logan the
Ogden and Logan maybe PDF and expression
it is good it is good I will admit it it
is very good Chinese all over your talk
we're following the trend here all of us
forgot our wallet so Chaz is lucky we
all are grabbing a fourth that's Chaz's
so this is my fortune k we all have our
fortune cookie so let's open them up and
see what they say
Ellie do something unusual tomorrow
oh I think you might just do that be
adventuresome try a new look
we did get all the other days before
mine says I constantly struggle for
self-improvement and it shows he's like
you're like you're like yeah I'm working
out and I'm working out was definitely
she'll try a little bit harder so much
cognition will surprise belayer we
struggle for self-improvement
you are admired for your impeccable
taste that was really funny
you won best well today was such a great
day but we are all sore our tummies are
full and I think we're going to go to
bed
hopefully we'll wake up and feel a lot
better thanks guys for coming this is so
fun I'll change upon yesterday oh yeah
say goodbye good bye everybody bye see
you bye
