hey guys we've got a big weekend ahead
of us and I'm about to go pick up a
special guest from the airport and he
guesses let's go
Jackson show grandma how you put your
hat on yeah good job
now give grandma hugs is that your
camera's up daddy's camera is it your
camera oh oh wow good morning guys what
are you eating for breakfast
Jared is easy some honeycomb Jackson is
going to eat some Cheerios and I am
going to eat some of mom's homemade soup
yummy that's what I'm eating for
breakfast I know it's kind of real good
like yeah we've been up a while Oh
doctor eggs dropped your eggs Joe some
cereal yes Hey look at me you want some
cereal are those your eggs mom and
Jackson are making chocolate chip
cookies you're helping your Jackson yeah
you're helping the most important part
he's talking so much homemade cookies
can you hear that crazy so mom there are
two people that make really good
chocolate chip cookies my mom and Missy
and I have tried to make cookies the
last few times and they have not turned
out they have it they're way too flat
my mom uses Crisco to make cookies Missy
I believe uses at least the recipe that
I have tried his butter I don't know if
that's because she's in California the
different altitude but it hasn't worked
for me in Utah so do you guys use Crisco
to make your cookies or do you use
butter very interesting here is mom's
little recipe and I first love her
handwriting in second I love that it
says Jennifer's way because it's it is a
tall house recipe but it's not exactly
exactly it's all possible and mom was
adding baking powder and I was like
there's baking powder in this
and she goes well I just I just a little
bit she kind of just does her own things
ladies and gentlemen he's young he's
handsome he's single Jess how's it going
man good come on over we've got your car
ready for you to pick up and we'll get
started with the day's activities and
there you have it don't those look so
yummy
mom those look so good I want that one
alright you ready to go man yes let's do
that Nevermore ready alright so Chazz
here is actually our manager and he has
come to Utah for a little fun skiing
trip we've got a skiing adventure trip
so Chazz and I are testing the mountain
today because I'm coming skiing to
everyone we've got a big group of people
coming tomorrow so we're just kind of
testing them out and getting our groove
on a little bit up on the hill how long
has it been since you've gone from 11
years
oh my gosh oh my goodness that's gonna
be a good good trip yeah okay well we
got to get up there we've got some we've
got some hill to ski I just like are you
stay you are stuck I'll get you out but
first have to film it because it's so
funny look inside okay I'll get you out
you just been everywhere so Chaz you say
it's been like what 17 years since
you've been skiing is that right and
then he's like let's just start off at
the blue square just to be safe just so
we can get like a little warm up I'm
like dude like are you sure like because
he's been hot I I'm skinny I'm not gonna
skate let's start with the blue square
and see how it goes I'm like okay he's
gonna show me up on the mountain that's
what's gonna happen
I went skiing like two weeks ago you
haven't been in 17 years I'm calling it
he's gonna show me up right here that's
what's gonna happen okay
was that you
did Calvin go poopoo Wow okay I'm gonna
go put him down for a nap kay I keep
saying I'm gonna go put come for a nap
then you get smashed you won't play with
him huh
gonna play with them yeah okay can you
tell them all about your nap before I
put him for a bed
holy crap Chaz you didn't tell me you're
like a semi-professional skier really
he's just like tear down the mountain
this is the first time I've crashed and
I'm not even sure how long they usually
I've been taking really easy because I'm
filming more people who are learning and
stuff but that felt good I mean awesome
dude I've been able to like open up and
like really go down the mountain feeling
you know confident like I have them so
yeah I'm using completely different skis
than I normally do they they're called
I'm just demoing a certain brand and
they're a lot longer than I'm used to so
many tips are crossing a little bit so
I've got to be a little bit more careful
there but I'm excited to start opening
up more and like hit some jumps and like
go through some terrain and stuff it'll
be sweet not only do we have a bunch of
water in here he's been playing in the
toilet go look in the bedroom where he
lined up all of the picture necks and we
leave you alone for two seconds
literally it's sucking why don't you do
that oh my god that is so funny you
lined them all up
oh you're mad hey hey go clean up your
mess test test is this thing on
I just lit about 30 feet and I just
realized that my camera was in my pocket
and the zipper was open so this is just
a test see if things are working okay
I'm gonna go catch up well that was
about the best half day of skiing that
I've ever done thanks Chad Chad
oh no problem man Chad's really pushed
me out of my comfort zone and I really
like that because I did stuff that I've
never done before we went through trees
we went off jobs I seriously cannot wait
to take Ellie tomorrow it is going to be
a freaking blast we're gonna have so
much fun it's gonna be a party chest and
you're invited you're invited to the
party
we're having a pants party and you're
invited I seriously thought about you
like the entire day that we're on the
mountain and I was just like one thing I
wish you were here but second I am so
excited for you to come tomorrow yes
like you said you were on the blue I
went on the Black Diamond and yeah I
like to just stick with the green so
maybe I don't want a chat well you know
we'll play it by ear but Chaz was really
pushing me because he's like really good
and it was so fun and it just like
reminded me I like like when we were
dancing like oh yeah I'm feeling that
right now and I just like sitting there
I can't yeah I wanted it oh we need to
practice by the way I want I can't wait
to go see you know what I think
I'm very excited on one's gonna watch
Calvin in the lodge so I can get on my
skis hey bud good you took two naps
good boy Jackson to show me that he is a
true two-year-old today you've been in
the toilet you've been outside without
shoes on what did he get into what is it
flour that that's gold bond dogs what
else did you get it - they didn't know
really like lush products put the box
back in the bed nice oh my goodness
you've got to get a full body shot on
him so you okay okay stand up please
okay
what a dirt turd and a half let's go
wipe you up I have a smart two-year-old
we were like what where's the nests what
is it
Jackson is really good at picking up and
I don't know if I can say cuz it's me
because in the mornings imma was that K
make your bed pick this up put your toys
away but he put it away
well we know he was in here because but
that was yeah what oh and I can feel sit
on the ground talking what a stinker
change of plans change of plans it
wasn't the gold pot no wonder it was so
clean oh sorry bunny like what the heck
oh I take back what I just said I am so
sorry bunny
okay well I was like my stuff looks a
little jumbled in here I have something
very funny to say today Jared forgot his
wallet for lunch so
friend Chaz had to buy it and then bunny
just so happen we're coming into Sephora
look the most expensive place ever and
she forgot her well and I was like I
guess it's my turn to flip the bill
alright guys we have a big day ahead of
us tomorrow and I am so excited
hello fun are you guys ready to rock
tomorrow I think that means
