Kelvin is at it again he knows exactly
where the bathroom is and he knows where
the bathroom toys are and that is his
favorite bath toy when he's in the bath
he loves it he pink egg cup um but this
seriously is his favorite bath toy he
always goes in there he gets out of the
bin and then he crawls out you loved it
are you ready are you gonna be good I
could cry sometimes I take Jackson at
the Jimmy cries and it makes me feel
really bad because it's like a play area
but he it's the only place that he
usually will cry when I drop them off I
really don't like it but jeredy has to
get the video up and I'm gonna go work
out so that's what we're gonna boat
let's go get your coat and then we'll go
you be good
I haven't tried it yet working out but
that one was a very close call we were
doing like core like crunches at the end
but it was so hard like working out I
always don't want to do it it's so hard
I always want to cry but at the end of
that I feel really good I'm definitely
ready to be at Jackson and go home and
shower hi yeah it's so good to see you
did you have fun did you have fun yeah
one thing that Ellie does way more than
her fair share of it's like tidying up
the kitchen the living room the bathroom
basically Ellie does all the cleaning
all of the time because because I'm lazy
I guess that's pretty that's really what
it ultimately comes down to you guys I'm
having a confession right now the truth
comes out I'm just lazy but no she's
she's always so good about cleaning and
everything Ellie just got back to the
gym and she is laying down with Jackson
he put Jackson down for a nap and I
think she must have fallen asleep too
so during that time I am taking it upon
myself to surprise her because I want
her to know that I'm doing this because
I love her and because I want a clean
house to just as much as you do Ellie
and I'm just kind of tidying up the
place right now got to do some dishes
got to do some organization and I've got
my best buddy with me right here are you
just playing with some toys yeah this
little guy oh my gosh she's so cute I've
had so much fun with him today
he had to solid hard as rock turds and
I'm just every time I opened up I'm like
oh I feel so bad for you that must have
hurt
true talk it's true talk with Jared true
confessions here we go
I was thinking I was doing as I was
doing the dishes and because what I had
mentioned before that I don't Ellie does
most of they like the the dishes in the
kitchen and everything and I was
thinking to myself like what other
things can I work on the other things
that I can do Ellie and I are taking a
marriage and family class in church and
it's a lot of fun because we love we
love learning more about one another and
what we can do to be happier and all of
those sort of things and I was thinking
you know one of the things that I don't
necessarily do well is time management
Ellie is like the best when it comes to
like scheduling things and being on time
and and managing her time how long it
takes to do this how long it takes to do
that I'm more kind of like the you know
play as it comes that type of thing just
very like laid-back when it comes to the
timing of certain things and I think
that kind of stresses Ellie out
sometimes and it's not always the best
thing and so I was thinking to myself
what can I do as a husband to do that
and I thought to myself like what are
the things that I can change not
necessarily like Ellie you need to be a
little bit more relaxed when it comes to
timing because the first thing that I
need to know is it's way easier to
change yourself than it is to change
others and especially when it's not even
a bad thing that you're changing like I
it would be a big improvement on me as a
human being Elle he's right obviously
for these different things you know
because I do fall behind on different
projects and tasks and so I think I need
to listen to Ellie and change of a few
different things and all of this I'm not
even sure if this will make it into the
vlog I think I all of this is just me
talking so I can hear it out loud when I
clean and organize and stuff I do a lot
of thinking and this is just one of the
things that popped into my head is you
know doing what can I do to make Ellie
happier
the basis and really when it comes down
to is just managing my time and little
acts of service just like doing the
dishes it took me like 10 minutes to do
the dishes but I know when Ellie wakes
up that she's gonna be so much happier
that one she doesn't have to do it to
it's already done so we can move on with
our day and it's just little things like
that that when I see Ellie happy that
makes me happy and so that's just kind
of the the talk that I needed to have
with myself that I need to change some
things about myself to make our
collective self me and Ellie better and
happier and it's just it's just very
simple things it's not dramatic it's not
huge it's not crazy it's just you know
what can I do to make ourselves a little
bit happier and and I hope you know
that's just one of those things
ah Jackson did you just wake up hi buddy
come here it's the baby yeah yeah can
you give Calvin a hug oh so fun hey
Jackson should we go have some fun today
yeah okay high five let's do it
you wanna go play with Cody all right I
think I think we might be able to do
that let's go see if we can do that okay
bud I feel like I am on a roll today I'm
getting ready to film another video for
my channel I've just the products that I
pretty much use on my skin lately so I'm
definitely excited for that funny videos
are done makeup is on my hair is done
I've been trying new braids and I just
told Bonnie the new dinosaur just came
out the movie we took Jackson to go see
the what the good dinosaur of a good
Dino
I'm the good Dino so I told Jared I said
I said let's buy it and have all the
kids come over and watch it
so I told Jared I'm gonna guess I
haven't told you Jared I went to the gym
and I
they'll really accomplish like they
could be really fun if I could have a
steak tonight for dinner Calvin are you
happy
I have not seen you one day I'm looking
a little viewfinder look at those face I
feel like I play with Jackson and I
haven't quite played with you yet love
you you are a beautiful baby boy enough
you the kids are at it again
Wow
the kids are here playing I just told my
I said I know why I'm so happy today
it's not just I minded it's not that I
Wow that looks so cool
say prayer I know why I'm so happy today
it's not because I just worked out and
you know like woke up and you know was
with the kids and stuff like of course
that makes me happy I'm so happy because
I rested I took a nap with Jackson in
his bed today I lay down with him he
didn't want me to go so I was like okay
I'll take a nap with you and I feel
really good if anybody was curious since
the snow has melted Jackson is still
very much so into rocks so I think he's
gonna be really happy when we are in the
middle of building our house at the
worksite he will be with the workers
digging the rocks and I think they've
spotted me got approached very quietly
let's go very carefully we see the young
kids in their natural habitat eating
corn dogs and what are they doing oh no
they've spoiled me I've got to make a
run for it I'm gonna make a run for this
for me they're gonna eat me Oh Lord
Oh No
everybody watch out they're coming for
me they're gonna eat me alone oh it
seems as though they've accepted me as
their own let me approach again no
sudden movements oh no oh no she's
falling man she's made a route just yeah
I've gotta do something about this the
kids are so cute everyone is eating corn
dogs um
and watching the good dinosaur that I'm
surprised it just came out like we just
saw it in the theater not too long ago
and it's already out so we're watching
that and how's everyone's corn dog is
your corn dog good is it good is it good
is it good good that means the corn dog
is good and the movie is good all right
boys one bite for you now you're so
happy now one bite for Calvin and one
more for you he's like so distracted by
looking at me or something it's cuz my
ravishing good looks my Lincoln oh sure
the green these kids are so cute
together
they're just sharing away you gotta get
them started early from the sharing
stuff
we're saying goodnight put it in the
books ladies and gentlemen another day
has passed I feel like our days go by so
fast it's like we're always been like
hey you got in the vlog alright guys
that's gonna be it from us thank you so
much for watching the video and we will
see you guys tomorrow
what's up I'm not gonna take this 10
times endless sometimes these things
happen
