on the green couple on the blue pepper
on the yellow cut even though they just
still tastes the same they want their
color and you just noticed your color
and that's not face
you just be happy and help me just help
me
he was crying until I just started
talking to him I am just folding laundry
and I'm looking at Jackson's pants oh
boy oh boy has he worn these he wanted
growing out of a good size 18 to 24
months so that eight yeah through 18
months but I'm just looking at his knees
and I'm just like oh he's played a lot
in these I can't wait to order the kids
spring outfits I cannot believe that the
weather is warming up this snow is
melting I cannot even believe you see
mama let me pick you up you have to fold
three pair of pants first and then I'll
pick you up
how come kids are so funny
I the amount of times I laugh the day is
amazing because of what kids do
Jackson is we were playing with this
choo-choo train and he was putting his
blocks together and he couldn't figure
out how to put one of the blocks on and
I said turn it around and so he sat up
he looked at me and he started spinning
around and then smiled
turn it around needs a turn etre of that
that's actually the right way this is
not funny
Jackson did you know that you are funny
I wish I was as funny as you another
thing that's interesting is Jackson
really has never been into blocks but
when we're going to Grandma's house to
Washington just a few weeks ago she had
blocks there and I had him sit down I
was like hey play with these car he's
like just play so we sat down together
and he was kind of playing with them and
ever since then he has been really
interested he's had blocks for a while
but yay but he's never really played
with them but now he does he likes to
stack them so the blue one right here we
lost the other one
my turn that beautiful yeah all right
now Emily I want you to explain this
because if I think if I do it people
think it was all my idea and I think
it'd be better if it came from you okay
I want you to do it I'm holding in my
hand and I want you to explain it so you
know don't feel like you have to justify
yourself this is all your idea Ellie and
Jared night was building the house I
think you're funny building the house I
we want to film like up above shots of
like it going up so I told Jared a few
weeks ago I said let's make sure we get
a drone so we can get a shot of the
property before anything's being built
before the rock gets put in and he's
like what I said yeah I get a drone so
that's what we did so jared is I'm gonna
go fill a shot of the property before
and I have some really great ideas
because I know a lot of people are gonna
want to see this as it happens and so do
we this is something that we want to
remember so we're gonna make it like
this is gonna be a fun process for all
of us to see the house being built
because I know there's a lot of people
who are like what does it like to build
a house so this will give us some cool
visuals that I really what's amazing is
it light that's it's all right okay go
film it oh and don't mind me I'm just in
the bathroom playing Jackson I just got
down for a nap Kelvin it's like no he
he's not really taking it out and I've
just been playing with my hair because I
am learning more braids I'm going to
underline wear braids and so it begins
Jackson woke up for me a little 15
minute
katnappe and was a little upset and so I
said let's take some cookies together
because that makes everybody happy
stir makers cookies cookies so I pulled
out my balls from the cupboard and I put
that one back is it smaller I wanted the
bigger one and the mum I put it away he
what he in a short second saw that that
was the blue one and that's what you
wanted that's the blue one whoever has
really cool dishes the kids fight I want
the green Cup on the blue Cup are on the
yellow cut even though they just still
tastes the same
they want their colour and you just
noticed your colour
that's not face your eyebrows had a
question mark on them you want the blue
one you wanna hold the Kate you grab the
blue one okay okay the blue one I'm
really nervous about this but I have my
iPad controller and the Phantom ready to
rock and roll so let's boot it up and
see what happens I'm so nervous
look at that that is so cool
last one picked up in there oh good job
oh good job okay all the way in this
look at he just laid his head on me I
think we're gonna try for another nap
cuz you are not happy you can have a
cookie when you wake up okay
hey thank you though that's good hahaha
that's good
we are just making these and guess what
I think maybe I'm awesome making them
maybe Cody would that be funny Cody
Boston Olivia I think they might all
come over and hang out from this that
would be really fun
ah chocolate chip stealer
okay what was your contribution right
there that was Jackson's contribution to
rolling the cookies out thank you so
much for your help
we're gonna fill this in and then we're
gonna put a little bit more on that one
I'm not even sure what this guy sounds
like but that's the the mouth the noise
that I gave him this guy right here
Jared welcome to the space that's right
guys we're here at the space station
where shonduras this house
we've got Davey and Daryl here we're
playing some video games it's gonna be a
lot of fun and we're waiting on dude
it's starting to feel like spring
everybody has their a little toy a bike
a scooter and they're all having fun say
your bike yeah
it's your bike sure nice of you to share
with everybody does it your ass you have
everyone's having fun the snow is pretty
much melt it's like not even cold
outside I love it love it and then it we
ran into a little bit of a pickle we
just finished filming gun game last time
last time it's Mack sweet pickle we're
in lots of we have lots of pickles
around right into the mushroom yeah
there's a much from there weep we
finished filming one video and then our
camera died and we didn't bring the
charger no we brought the charger but
there's some sort of connection issue
that we're missing so you guys just
don't even worry don't you can walk just
don't worry about it we're gonna make a
good vlog still we've got things under
control just oh we got pizza we've got
treats cute little baby funny hi family
seriously we need to have Calvin and
Natalie together on a date and just fun
exciting things happen nothing is ever
boring when you're out shonduras this
house so this is nothing ever turns out
is York
Dora's plan but it's not boring Alexson
is so - I hope he does it oh I hope he
doesn't no he's not he was grabbing it
and sliding on his tummy all the way
down him and the neighbor kids are just
playing outside I have this really
zoomed in Jackson all the kids are just
playing with the neighbors right now I'm
just kind of outside they're just draw
on top right now it's really cute great
for this are you hanging up okay what
you need to do is go down lower uh-huh
even more okay okay how's that look guys
situated okay ready hey guys Honduras
here we're gonna do some sweet snap on
the barbie okay here's good hanging out
with you guys I've gotta get home my
wife needs me we need to get Adly and
Calvin I know who wants to see an
athlete Calvin date as Lee Alvin date I
made it home and I didn't have enough
time to get the computer belts and
everything so we're gonna do that
another time because I have to get home
to my wife and we are gonna video for
your channel I should go to bed but I if
I don't feel that it won't get done it
never well so I'm like we're just gonna
we're gonna stay up late I want to come
I need to pull the pieces out they redid
it to make it nice and tight but um you
look cute be careful with the top
sections cuz if you pull it out and it's
like a short bang or a layer then you
really kind of ruin the whole thing so
just be careful at the top part that you
don't pull everything out I couldn't
have said it better myself
well it's a wrap on the video and that
means it's a wrap on our video - oh yeah
I just redid this on my channel it was
really quick to do I don't want to add
anything because I hate watching hair
videos and what the girls other than it
and I'm like what did they do
so I'm hopefully I could put a short to
the point but that should go up and like
just a couple days right few days wait I
I'm gonna say a week because I gotta
give myself time to put it on edit video
alrighty guys thank you so much for
watching and be sure to give the video a
big thumbs up and we'll see you guys
