I think it is so funny what I see you
put your hat on yourself huh I want you
to show everyone can you show me how you
put this on
show me how you put it on he usually
puts on like so perfectly but this
morning has always gotten a Jackson kind
of dressed for the day kind of I noticed
something kind of sad can you show me
your teeth smile say say cheese
there's a tooth right there can you see
that front tooth it's chipped
oh my goodness right there that lordship
oh just a little bit just a little chip
how did that happen
he woke up this morning and usually he
wakes up and says mom or dad this
morning he woke up angry and he was like
hitting his head on the door and I
wonder if felt in a chipped I'm just in
here making my bed and Calvin was
sitting in the pack of play so Jackson
jumped in and Jackson is watching me
make my bed and what did you just say
that's not what you said I was making my
bed what we see what look I'm making my
bed and he said help he wants to help
John help me make my bed cuz he helps me
usually I make him get all my pillows
and put him up there you wanna help
okay oh what a good helper okay what
other pillows are you gonna pick up oh
that's a big blank down take your pillow
there's a pillow can you pick that one
up yo-yo oh here let me help you push
those up boy it's sometimes growing up
we would do chores you would get
somebody thought every time it wasn't
like oh you made your bed and you give a
few dollars but the other day cuz I was
like I wanted him to get a toy but I
wanted to like have him do like the
process right oh I'm getting a dollar
today but maybe you are because
sometimes you just have to do some work
around the house oh you've got a blue
pick huh
he knows we color blue and Pete Nelson
yes deep blue no no no he has a guitar
pick is what he was saying he does know
the color pink but he was saying thick
cuz he's got a guitar pick just like his
daddy huh are you gonna play guitar like
daddy
yeah we came to our friends Ashley and
Mike's house hi Naomi Naomi and Jackson
are friends and they have this magnetic
sand that Jackson has been loving he
came up to me he goes shoes off he
wanted his shoes off and then he was
really bad wine to take a socks off
he wanted his socks off but he's been
really good to actually keep it in the
bureau
oh yeah right the bag you too buggy but
this is really cool see out and they've
been like playing with it it like
doesn't get everywhere that's really
cool
is this your favorite toy and Naomi have
you guys been playing and sharing
they've been having a lot of fun but
it's really cool I think it'd be fun to
get some Calvin keeps trying to come in
and take them I have to say sand you
want Sun um Jackson say sand yeah
sand oh no oh no no no it doesn't taste
very good does it
CVX live is just around the corner but
this isn't going to be your normal CVX
live ellie this is going to be very
special um we are dancing today um
you're just you're just big or just big
we're doing so we're here at the dance
studio Jared and I are learning a very
fun dance yes I feel like this is this
is like one of the coolest things that
we could ever be doing right now Ellie
and I have talked for a long time that
we want to learn how to do a dance
together it's amazing that we have
Ashley Kosta teaching us how to dance
not many people can even say that mom
her mom owns carranza studio and they
it's like the number one it's it's one
of the top 50 studios in the world yeah
pretty much everyone from Dancing with
the Stars came out of this studio so we
are gonna get our dance on I danced on
em my body has so many movements that I
just I just can't get out and so I'm
ready for you to show me how to get it
out okay so let's get our dance on
Ellen's gonna surprise me though I
really like that but I actually feel
like I've been I've seen you do I know
you can do it she's got the moves so we
are gonna learn a dance for CVX life oh
if you're if you want to go to CVX live
aha the link to get some tickets down
below it's coming up soon less than a
month
that's a wrap I cannot wait for you guys
to see this if you want to see you have
to come to CVX live right now we'll show
you but oh yes I can't come it's gonna
be live there it's Eve Exide they're
having a lot of dancers and they're do
like a competition there's gonna be a
competition I am very excited okay if
that activity wasn't as fun as it could
ever have been I've got a really fun
activity planned for tomorrow
well it might be fun for me I'm really
excited about it um see these boxes
right here all of these boxes I'm going
to rip open we want to look at you open
that I'm going to build whatever it's
inside so tomorrow I am going down to
Shawn Burruss house and his friend Dan
is like a computer genius and he has
been so kind and so helpful this entire
process that I've been putting all these
pieces together and he's gonna help me
build it so he actually helped me pick
all the parts because he helped build
Shawn dursa space station which is
freaking amazing by the way
so we're gonna put that together and I'm
like so giddy with excitement it's gonna
be so great
this morning I was really sad because I
wasn't able to go to the gym and I've
actually really enjoyed it the first day
I did arms and it wasn't even sore and
then the next time I went we did legs
and holy crap my fat cheeks are still on
fire
um friends don't let friends go here's
the leg day is awful and then today I
was going to go again and do arms but we
ended up not because we were practicing
this dance and that dance alone was a
huge workout I sweat it was fun I
laughed we were able to like have fun it
was all our freakin was fun because Jen
I have always wanted to do this ever
since we were dating we wanted to they
thought it would be fine as dance like
of course we do a lot of things to bring
us closer together like many kids you
know just our own selves we do things
but like this was different like it was
so fun like dancing when he was like
almost like invigorating
it was so funny we did it for two hours
fireworks went off our marriage
reignited it was but literally it was
amazing it was fun we playing with you
yeah it was a lot of fun Ashley is just
like so good at coach you could take
your sticker off now no thank you
we did a little film ends with them so
we had to make sure logos were taken
care of anyway it was just fun I'm so
glad that we did it together and we had
a blast and our our dance routine is
gonna be amazing
I can't wait we have to practice like
every day and on a side note we got
pizza
true love is when he calls little
sisters before and does half cheese have
for pranks I like cheese even though he
says to take the pepperoni off it still
doesn't taste the same it's different
they make it what I can for you well
thank you crap oh crap oh crap
Ellie I'm texting her right now you lost
your teeth those expensive shoot oh crap
she's like crap my teeth cuz I remember
we were at Ashley in Mike's house you
said Jared don't let me forget my teeth
in the car when we had when we got lunch
and I took them off I think I put him in
the car this is not a problem people I
always like I can't lose them Jared Lee
they are so fun guy
I left the garage open because the kids
are asleep I didn't want to wake him up
so Ellie's looking up there I'm gonna
look cuter back with the kids
yep Oh what did Jackson take them okay
we've got the green bag right here I
mean there'll be a her house off all its
bells I'll just have to drive get them
this is my home oh my gosh I can't
believe you'd lost your teeth
oh you got him haha that is so funny we
were so worried for those of you guys
who don't know Ellie has Invisalign so
I've been going through comments
throughout the day and a lot of people
we're asking where did your pictures go
well we actually had to take them off
for the commercial shoot that we did and
we just haven't put them back up yet so
that's where they went and I just
thought it was kind of funny that
everyone noticed totally naked without
them and it kind of makes me excited for
when we do get into our new house all
the stuff that we'll be doing to
decorate it and get it all you know
ready for us and everything like that
but with that being said it is time for
bed
and I am going to go to sleep thank you
guys so much for watching the video I am
so excited that Ellie and I like are
doing this dance together it's going to
be so much fun we appreciate you guys
and all that you do and all that you do
to support us so thank you guys again
and we'll see you tomorrow bye
member
