well I have been picking up and
unpacking on Jarrod's bag and my back
from the weekend and this little guy was
just up a crawling on it what you think
it's okay to grow up you think it's okay
to grow but oh my goodness that's crazy
okay we just got to get your hair done I
think we're almost ready for church whoa
that was a cool move let me see your
hair please let me see it put your head
down put your head look hey look at me
that's your hair it looks pretty good
are you ready to go hey I think I'm in
my attire to go to church - how do you
like it how do you like it oh yeah you
got your blanket
should we take all your play gets to
church are you that's the funnest you
just get sleep I get sleep in church
three hours later
what in the world are you stuck are you
stuck again
can you not get in around this little
guy he's getting a little adventurous
and his crawling going high places that
you can't get out of it's okay that's
what you got to do you got to learn go
go go there you go now the real hard
part is getting out can you get out he's
just gonna hang out there for a little
bit
oh what a good big brother make make
album feel better about his
embarrassment
hey are you stuck
before we head over to Bonnie's to do
family dinner family Sunday dinner I
wanted to show you guys Jackson's
picture isn't that beautiful but we are
doing our Q&A today we asked crushes on
Jared's Twitter so I think we are ready
to get started questions to do that
again dude that was cute let's do it
again ready one two three do it okay
Jared watched Sean's I have some from
Twitter
that's a dreamin Venus asked how many
rooms do you want the house to have so
we already have our house plan and in
the house we will be having five
bedrooms and three and a half bathrooms
right yep and another question had asked
I'm do you found having more kids in
this house this is like our home that
we'll be in for 30-40 whatever many
years like a lot of so if we have more
kids they will probably live in that
house to the dog house or the dog house
which I might be in every once a while
so I'm gonna make sure I have a really
great dog house Sarah asks chocolate
peanut butter or both Ellie what do you
think chocolate peanut butter so
chocolate peanut butter combined yeah
like a Reese's yes peanut butter car I
love chocolate just by itself I'm just
like a straight-up chocolate man like
Oreo straight up throwing through I
guess that has cream but I like
chocolate just by itself this one is
from Mindy Mindy asks what unique
features in each of you requests to have
in the house and which parts are you
most excited about what do you go for I
think mine was about the backyard but
and nice not really unique but in
Jackson's room and I had I want them to
have like a little sitting ledge by the
window so that you can like sit up there
and play with toys or whatnot um I don't
really know yeah we wanted an open
concept I guess that's not unique the
under stairs under the stairs we're
gonna have little windows in a little
mini door for the kids to have like a
playhouse play area under the stairs
which i think is gonna be a lot of fun
for them I mean Jackson just ate it up
at the house yesterday that's all he
wanted to do and play in that little
room some things that I wanted I
definitely want an office that could
like have away guitars on the wall or
like have a big enough space for all the
computers and everything and I wanted a
third car garage to just kind of be able
to play inside when it's like raining
and do all that kind of stuff like play
basketball and all that and and we're
thinking maybe eventually putting the
third car garage being a studio or
something yes putting it down we'll
figure out because the third car garage
goes down the length of the house it is
really big and we're thinking we can cut
that in half utilize the front half and
then build the back half as part of a
studio because there's access to the
basement
Ashley asks have you taken any Dave
Ramsey classes or you just read the
books we're taking Financial Peace
University right now so we love
listening to the audio books and reading
the books so audio books are fun to
listen to because Dave gives like he's
like really motivated funny listening so
we've listened to all his books we've
loved it yeah so we've never done the
class but we definitely like the books
well Jarrod have a man cave asks Allie
and the answer is yeah yes he has a
three-car garage if you could have a man
cave the bathroom in his own office yeah
well you're gonna have your stuff oh
yeah
do it again the other questions turns
hope this Stephie says Jared are your
parents moving to be closer to you by
love from France so to answer that
question to answer that question yes mom
and dad are definitely moving closer to
us right now they live in Washington and
they're moving to Utah and we could not
be more excited we're gonna it's we're
gonna be a lot closer to them they're
gonna be a lot closer to Grandma a lot
closer to this crazy kid yes oh yeah
Joanne says what will be your backyard
toys pool trampoline etc you all have
and you all have for your kids at your
new house I'm the backyard because we
have to have it retains because it is so
high we're bringing a lot of rock in and
one of the guys that is doing that is
going to build a really cool little hog
house in the rock area and then like a
swing set that's like out of the rock
and then a swing set so and then it'll
go down so they'll have like a little
play area so rather than like buying a
swing set well it's just kind of like
have it built into the backyard which
we're really excited about like it's so
cool that the designer was like yeah
we'll just build the swing set into the
retaining wall and so it doesn't take up
a lot of space it's actually really
secure so and not
not doing a pool and but we definitely
are doing the hot tub and a replacement
for the pool definitely doing a
waterslide on the grass dude did you
guys ever do that if you lived on the
hill did you put like a hose on the blue
tarp and you would slip and slide a slip
and slide yeah we're gonna do that we're
really excited oh the excitement level
is unmatchable right now all right guys
that is it for our Q&A thank you guys so
much for submitting questions we always
appreciate the questions the support
that you guys give us every single day
we have a blast doing this we love it
very much now it's time to eat dinner
because we're hungry so we will see you
guys tomorrow
on Monday we hope you have a wonderful
week do something to make it awesome and
we'll see you guys tomorrow
okay butter cookie burn chocolate bye
