copal Jack what's his name Calvin he's
not calling him for a little Oh cute
oh he doesn't want you to help you'd be
careful mom okay
good morning guys we are starting in the
morning off doing something extreme
different you are helping that one of
Jarrod's friends they are producing a
little commercial and they're having
Jackson help and be a part of it do you
guys remember down hi Talan
Don's word Ellen is irony Jarrod sure I
don't know where Jarrod's not doing it
well I'm trying to get Jackson um but we
were in this home that we are filming
this little commercial in and I called
my mom I was like if you guys want to
come over one you can kind of help with
kids if they get crazy and to to look at
this house to get ideas because this is
kind of the setup of our house like when
you walk into our house that we're
building there's the fireplace the two
windows except we'll have a window above
right there but and the TV will be on
that wall and the kitchen will be over
here so this setup is kind of a lot like
how our house is good to be so I've just
been like drooling and like look at that
that is beautiful so I'm kind of getting
ideas for our kitchen
this kitchen is quite a bit bigger than
ours will be but is beautiful it gives
me a lot of good ideas we are about to
get started but I bet you didn't know
that we had the six million dollar man
on set look at all of this equipment
that's so crazy
what kind of camera are we using the red
epic dragon oh my gosh the 3xs Campbell
haha Eddie yep that a 4k or 1080p
monitor can record 4k cheese and I'm
wirelessly controlling the focus from my
phone what in the world what is this
world come to next thing I know you're
gonna pull out Ironman and just turn
into Ironman fly away shoot some bad
guys
while we're hanging out here on set and
Jackson I think for waking up at five
o'clock in the morning he's doing pretty
good
you having fun Jackson horsey he loves
that thing huh Ellie we are taking a
break from filming right now so Jackson
it's just gonna play in this cult play
area under the stairs in the house that
we're gonna build we're gonna have them
do this where Oh
can you open it look Jax look I opened
it where it's a little play Playhouse I
love that door and you go down and play
I'm even gonna have them put in a few
windows this one's really big ours
they'll just be like little small
windows Hey this is big hi grandma
grandma came hi mama there's a grandma
we kind of like each other huh Jackson
didn't know grandma was coming in he was
upstairs filming and grabbed a walked in
he goes
what that I missed you you've been gone
too long the spinach between your teeth
makes me want to kiss you even more
because at night it's all I don't know
what to say I just just try and think of
something gross what about this you just
said helped me and he
he does like to help I make him do
chores all the time hey Calvin how do
you like carne in that bin
oh there we go there we go we are
working on the very last scene as at
least I think it's the very last scene
Jackson is being a trooper he's hanging
in there but we have to give him a
little breaks every once in a while key
to success here cocoa puffs cocoa puffs
is the key to success
what's his name Calvin okay
oh he doesn't want you to help you be
careful mom okay you're good big brother
Jackson you know that pulling your
little brother I think it's cute oh it's
adorable
okay close sing it back here come home
again come here Jackson Jax come get
Calvin come pull in oh your puppy grab
the handle and pull nope I'm gonna play
with my doggy we've been here all day
yes
we got here like just around 7:00 and it
is 5:10
so like Jackson has not had a nap and
he's he's been doing good of course he's
a two-year-old he's gonna come whine and
cry a little bit
but you're doing good hum buddy huh are
you doing good playing yeah he say I'm
good grandma's gonna pull you you sit
down in Kate grandma go fast
oh that's cuz he's making room for dad
come on Jackson let's go together
let's go together Jackson yeah now he
wants daddy in there Jackson we're just
gonna have to get a razor then so we
both can go together right
I'm gonna give you three guesses of what
we're doing today
say hi screenshot and snap me the one
that you think that we're doing
home sweet home we just made it home
after a very very long day we were on
set for about 12 hours and all I have to
say is Jackson is a trooper
we have the kids to bed and now it is
time for us to get in our pajamas and I
think Ellie and I we might watch a show
or something like that we've got a
couple to catch up on well it's quite
apparent that we're in our matching
onesies and I like it very very much we
just watched a couple shows and now we
are zonked and ready for bed we have we
had fun today we have fun today it was a
new experience for us we filmed a
internet-based commercial for a local
carpet company and my friend was the
producer on it and so he invited us to
be a part of it and it was very fun we
loved our friend we love for the company
but I don't even know it's just a
different format and experience that
we're used to and Jackson's just dude
have you ever done something that you're
like oh this will be fun then you get
done and you're like that was a lot well
not even there was a lot it's just I
don't want if it's for me and Jared yes
but for the kids no so I think I'm gonna
do that again with the kids involved
yeah I'm just cuz it's just I just don't
like the kids were involved but
something with me and you would be
really yeah so but again appreciate our
friends yeah it was fun to hang out with
them and be with him and nothing against
them at all it's just different
different you know but with that being
said we hope you guys have a wonderful
weekend thank you so much for tuning in
today and we'll see you guys next time
