good morning guys it is another
beautiful day it is our last day here on
set on location taking care of business
filming some amazing videos guys I have
to show you yesterday I was showing you
those bowling balls and everything
something may have happened to him and
you'll find out exactly soon why but
look at this this is my bowling ball
this is blue thunder may she rest in
peace
this is what our morning looks like kids
have eaten kids are playing olivia is
going to school fun you you ought you
want your coat yeah he thinks he's gonna
go and I have a lot of fun with you me
will have another sleepover okay the
sibling Q&A video went up today and I'm
reading through the comments and all I
have to say is like thank you guys thank
you for taking the time to watch this
video it means a lot to me and it's so
cool to me that my siblings were able to
sit down together and our childhood home
and do this I know we're going to look
back on it and love this years and years
to come so thank you guys for all the
sweet comments and everything it's so
funny I can't grow a beard but there's
like 30 comments like oh so that's what
Jared would look like as a beard because
my brother has a beard and then the
thumbnail someone was like so this is
how you progressively grow a beard
because I was clean-shaven Matt had a
little stubble Nate you know how to
beard and Ryan has like a freakin wizard
beard out of all the toys out of all the
movies this is what they are all huddled
around they love this but aunt juley
thank you for sending this book it's
just a book that's full of things that
move like trucks
yeah planes everything so they're just
playing with that but they you know Cody
was watching a movie Boston was playing
with the toy Jackson was playing as the
toy and then Jackson saw this and
brought it down yeah that's a choo-choo
train
he loves it we just finished up some
delicious grub and we are heading back
to the office because we
some filming to do and we have clintus
here and what this is the king of gaming
and that's exactly what we can do the
Queen game get your game on
you can get your vlog on uh-ho dancehall
dance we don't want anyone hit by cars
put hands we are heading to the gym
Bonnie unsub hide your gun unless he
finds me he'll work out with me and my
personal trainer so excited
he wasn't the kiddos are come on he just
was like yeah sure your sister can come
yeah I was like dude we can pay more if
she you know she's right alongside us he
was no she's okay these kids are so cute
they've had the best time
they little sleepover I've loved it look
at that smile back at the office and
we're experiencing some major technical
difficulties Darryl has this cool thing
which his kids will just plan on the
other day I was planning on it yeah it
was working just fine it has like a
regular Nintendo Super Nintendo Sega
Genesis all on it and it's just not
turning on right now we're in a little
bit of a pickle Clint I'm excited I was
excited I know where we're gonna get it
to work it's gonna work I know dude okay
does it leave a comment down below if
you've ever played this who your
favorite character was and if you
remember the glorious days of Street
Fighter 2
I liked Ryu and guile that's who I
played oh and Blanca Blanca and guile or
my guys you guys tell my face is red he
is giving us a workout on our legs today
I'm so glad the body you're with me
yeah they're each other's motivations
that do this weird leg thing and I hate
it I was too busy filming I wasn't even
doing it right I'm supposed to be
squatting while I'm doing it there we go
now I'm doing it and I can feel it in my
legs not having a working console it
kind of destroys our entire plan for the
entire day so I have taken it upon
myself to take this apart and use all of
the electrical engineering I know how to
see if I can fix this
clintus give us a chance of success very
low very low okay all right I've dealt
with worse let's see what we can do here
based on what I see here we clearly have
some green things and some black things
and some cables here all right I have
done everything I know how to do when it
comes to electrical engineering and
fixing consoles and everything which is
absolutely nothing so let's plug this in
see what happens we should get some LED
lights up here if it turns on where oh
nothing
turn it should have studied more in the
college hey Phil this is a workout we
gotta get water we forgot our so honey
what did you tell us to do over earlier
lunges he said let's do lunges and me
and Bonnie folk look at each other and
said lunch lunch lunch he told her to
keep going she goes yeah yeah with your
gave me cavalry oh yeah it was really
funny to us you had a lot of fun it got
us through our workout well it didn't
work out quite the way that we wanted to
so today was kind of a bust
darn it darn it I hate busted days
anyway we just took the car back and
we're going to the airport and I'm
flying home see my family there's
nothing quite like going through
a tiny tiny airport because we were like
the only ones going through security and
we're done it literally took three
minutes like not even exaggerating three
minutes and there's only two gates so
we're here the gym kicked my butt I was
so dizzy and shaky and that explains why
because I kind of already am but then
working out it makes it even worse and
it's just because of my really low blood
pressure right now and so that kind of
was a little intense for me but I feel
really good like I feel good like I feel
like I could go do anything right now
and the kids are napping I showered and
the kids wake up I'm going to bathe them
get their jammies on even though it's
only gonna be like 2 o'clock
and we're going to drive down to my
parents house where tonight I'm going to
pick Jared up from the airport and
tomorrow we have a fun little shoot that
we are all going to go to storisende at
my mom's so kids are taking a nap I'm
showered I'm just sitting rest and which
I wake up
well clintus unfortunately this is where
we part ways yeah man
it's been a good couple of days dude
it's been so fun and I'm so glad that
you were able to come I appreciate you
taking the time oh yeah
but for now pulled in to hug Harbor man
Barbra like guys go check out clintus
his channel he has an amazing family
they do tons of fun stuff and the other
kids got 11 year old Nate year old yeah
not quite babies he's more mature than I
am so that's what he's trying to agreat
here I'll have this channel listed down
below so I'm on my way home from the
airport right now but I wanted to make
one stop you guys may remember from
yesterday's vlog Ellie kind of just like
poured out her emotions what she was
feeling about it you know a sensitive
subject that she talked about well I
felt terrible that I couldn't be there
with her physically at that time
obviously we've talked and everything
but I wanted to get something for her to
kind of make her feel a little bit
better
hi buddy
oh and then just for you
you like those these are so good the
best I can smell one thing I knew she
was old I missed you
John Jackson saw an airplane today and
went daddy I see you I know I melted my
heart I just thought what a cute little
boy putting one two one together I felt
bad that I wasn't there for you in the
car and because I wanted to be there
especially after you know my crappy day
well yeah it was a hard day and I want
to let you know that I love you and I'm
I am glad that you are who you are and
the strength that you do have and you're
a great example to me and it's gonna be
okay everything's gonna be great yeah
we're gonna move forward together one
day at a time and I love you love you
too and I thank you you're welcome
everything else so good they did give my
Valentine flowers thank you so I notice
I just watching you on her Aspen parking
lot
oh dude they're just for their oh I did
not ditch day hey my sermon is do you
I'm glad he was awake when I got home
well it feels good to be my sweet sweet
wife once again we won't even I wasn't
even gone that long
I love it when you're together every day
for work sleeping is hard without your
spouse like I had a hard time sleeping
just cuz I like to cuddle even Jackson
had a hard night dad did that honestly
was so cute when he said daddy I see you
as I kept all the end player all weekend
I was like Daddy Melana air
but you ever find out by using Daddy I
see you guys be sure to check out the
sibling Q&A the video that's on my
channel I have a link to it down below
it's honestly like a really special
thing for me and my family you're gonna
laugh you're gonna cry it's gonna be
great and congratulations to Cullen and
Katie for their baby gender evil if you
don't if you didn't watch it you don't
know what they're having it there having
a oh no you gotta go watch it and go
check it out we're doing something
tomorrow that we've never ever done
before and I'm very excited for tomorrow
I hope Jackson's good with it he'll be
filmed a lot too
he'll be a natural okay I'll see you
guys tomorrow
Jackson c'mere honey did you fall did
you dress hey buddy did you miss me yeah
