good morning breathe the fresh air the
fresh rained on area guys this is
exciting
this is excited we've got a big day
ahead of us and I can't wait I can't
wait
we've been here about a year and I
haven't had a family doctor and it's
about time that I get my thyroid checked
and just a checkup anyway so I met my
first appointment my doctor's office and
they just did my blood pressure and the
nurse said that it is worrisome low and
so we're just waiting for the doctor to
come in and talk to him and my point to
Kunming was to get my thyroid check and
just to talk to him about a few symptoms
that I've had lately um a 9-month bulb
that doesn't sleep very much at night
and breastfeeding normally you're tired
but I've just been extremely tired
lately and so I'm just kind of coming in
just to do an overall check and see how
things are going so the most amazing
part about today is we've got these
bowling balls here and I saw so many
bowling balls and I thought to myself
I've got to at least try to juggle these
bowling balls
so clintus will you help me juggle these
bowling balls okay are you ready oh yeah
ready - one more time one more I think
we can say it's an egg yeah not a very
good idea I just got out of my doctor's
appointment and this is something that
it has unfortunately become very
sensitive and for me to talk about I I
bald in front of my doctor and I didn't
think that I'd cry but I cried and I
cried for a few reasons one because this
is just me this is just how I am this is
how I've always been and I can't help
that and the other reason why I cried is
because even though it's not a lot
there's just this much and people that
are so rude that don't understand that I
bet in the back of my head I could hear
the comments like you are so
disgustingly thin like you're so thin
you better get checked out before it's
too late
you like go II gained weight like it is
so unbelievably rude
it is so rude you would never go up to
someone and see their fat like that is
so rude and so I started crying because
I just felt very emotional as I was
telling him I have been so tired I have
cried to Jared to say go upstairs and
get a diaper because I'm so tired I
can't go upstairs like there's a lot of
things I said in church and I can't see
the bishops face because his face is
blurry because I can't see him like I
have been waiting waiting waiting to get
into a doctor and I finally got in and
in the meantime there has been a lot of
positive and a lot of loving people and
there have been a few negative people
and it's affected me and um I am just
trying to have more energy and feel
better and and I know that I am giving a
lot of calories right now with breast
feeding and not getting a lot of
calories in I'm trying but it's just not
happening and there's a lot in the back
of my mind of things that I want to do
and change to make sure that I'm healthy
and because if I'm healthy and the kids
will be healthy and Jared will be you
know healthy um and I don't feel well
like I haven't felt well for a while and
um I haven't been emotional about it
until I've read a lot of negativity and
um so thank you to everybody that has
been very loving um and maybe people
just don't maybe some people don't know
that it's rude but it's rude just talk
about people's weight it's rude to be
rude I wouldn't be nice um anyway so I'm
back for my doctor's appointment um I am
I'm going to get the kids naps and then
um I think Bonnie and all of us kids are
going to go to the Jumbo and to have the
kids get some energy out it's raining
it's cold outside we're gonna go play
we're going down to our little canopy
here and Darrell just said why don't you
take a walkie-talkie with you you bet I
will
I don't know why walkie-talkies are so
fun they just are here you walk and talk
you know walkie-talkie breaker breaker
1-9 what's your 20
I've got a 10 47 over here on the East
Side Highway requesting backup ASAP fine
I took all the kids to the Jump Zone I
did not vlog it but we all had fun we
are all starving so what are we eating
well that was a physically exhausting
mentally draining freaking awesome shoot
and we just wrapped it up and now we are
breaking for lunch oh my god look who I
ran into it's my buddy Parker guys so
how's it going it's going good good
thanks for coming by we we're in town
again so it's like hey Parker let's hang
out while we're in town so actually go
get some dinner exactly that's what
we're gonna do we're having fun um yeah
this next video is is annoying but it's
exciting and it's a blast and it's great
it's gonna be awesome
oh it's going to be cool so we're
hanging out at this 300-acre place
filming these videos and the person who
these acres belong to is Kevin Lee
luthier a master luthier
and if you don't know what a Luthi a is
is someone who makes my lens and other
stringed instruments right yes um the
master part is important now tell me why
that's important well there have only
been seven masters in the history of the
world and what separates the master
luthier of course is the recognition by
the most respected connoisseur in the
world at the time which was jacques
francais right who actually gave me the
title right but beyond that it's the
difference between never making a copy
most violin makers their whole goal in
life is to make a copy of a Stradivari
organ Airi an old master instrument
worth a million dollars or more it's the
goal of the master to make an original
right it's as though if I were your
tailor I wouldn't make you the same
flaming red dress as I would no no it's
that way each person is unique some want
the flaming red violin that booms in the
concert hall yeah some want a sweet
voice of angels yeah
soothes their own soul pizza back what
else could you out pizza um what else
could you ask for you ask did you ask
that well a sleepover a slumber party
with the husband we are pumping airing
this up wherever you want to call it
yeah do you want to get it
get in show me what it looks like you
want to get it
do you I get it yeah you guys can sleep
in there say cheese people well I think
maybe if you yeah you guys could work it
out this this can vie with the finest
instruments in the world ever made the
gypsy violin here would appraise right
now around $70,000 and Jared you could
take that home for only 69
okay does everybody have their places I
think there's been a little fight over
who gets the tent I think I think Boston
should get it oh are you all ready to
have a summer party are you guys gonna
actually go to sleep yeah no so I think
a choice gonna be fun everybody have a
little summer party and even better
Bonnie oh are you okay so let me read
the wine laughing is because I did that
two seconds ago and Cody was in it and
ex-christian we measure the jump zone
and nobody got hurt we got home no
jumping on the beds but you can jump on
the trampoline she was gonna be really
fun a Bonnie is going to come with me
and we're gonna work out together with
my trainer I'm very very excited we are
wrapping up the night Clem sis and I are
grabbing a couple groceries for tomorrow
and I am grabbing a couple things here
because I am going to be up very late
tonight editing this video and editing
the sibling Q&A which should be up right
now as you guys are watching this video
it'll be on my channel I'll have a link
to it down below go check out the
sibling Q&A let me know what you guys
think I know it's been a long time but
thanks for your patience go check it out
go watch the video leave a comment on it
and make sure you're subscribed to my
channel too like I said I think it's
kind of fun that we did this it's very I
think it's I think it's cool for my
siblings that have this for the future
for ourselves too so make sure you go
check it out
I know we're only here for like the next
day but I'm looking at the shopping car
and I'm just like this is such a college
student shopping cart we have milk
cereal and beef jerky hey everybody can
everybody say good night Jackson say
good night that's we're good night I'm
kind of nervous right now
we're doing something we're doing
something crazy a little fun so um if
you guys follow Aspen and Parker on
Twitter every once in a while they'll
get people who ding-dong-ditch their
house and they have a security system on
there where it'll take a picture of
whoever rings the doorbell I may have
tricked Parker into showing me where
they live and we're going over to the
house to ding-dong-ditch them and that's
gonna be kind of so I hope it works out
let's go give it a shot I got this it's
like do your junior high likes oh my
gosh we're such nerds so we've got to
scope out the house first make sure
they're actually home before we do any
of this so we're gonna do a little
surveillance first and then we'll go for
the kill
okay so we got caught we got hot Oh No
well I've logged a little bit before a
swimmin part cause they caught us on
video and everything so they knew it was
us yeah yeah I I just wanted to say
hello and I was I was thinking about it
today and I was like let's go dingdong
ditch them and I was like oh crap
Aspen hates when people dingdong ditch
their house but my thought process I was
like that's not a very nice thing but I
think it's kind of I just want to say
hello that that's that's what we wanted
to do too so but they were kind enough
parking actually we drove home and
Parker is like hey was that you guys
come on over and say say hello so that's
what we're doing right now we're just
chatting and everything and so wish I
could be here again me she's gonna come
next time I promise so when I saw you
guys texting I know like I'm gonna be
online next time I was like yeah sure
she'll be here and the kids will be here
and you guys all hang out it'll be
awesome all right guys it is 2:40 in the
morning and I just finished editing this
sibling Q&A video that is going to be up
on my channel I'll have a link to it
down below and a link over here in the
sidebar be sure to check it out and
subscribe to my channel while you're
there and that's going to be it for
today
thank you guys so much for watching we
had a blast today
wait for you guys to see what we're
doing with this new channel and we'll
see you guys tomorrow thanks for
watching bye
