good morning guys I am breaking out some
new face wash this morning the past year
I have been trying out with so many face
washes and I always always go back to
the shows a dough of products that I've
been using I've talked about a lot my
channel but today I wrote down when I
started using it because I really want
to see how long it takes me to use these
up because I swear I've used the face
wash for like nine months before like I
remember using the face wash and it like
I bought it once that year and I want to
go back and remember how long it
actually takes me to use these so that
is what I'm doing this morning the kids
are not happy with me you're not that
happy with me because Jared ran to go
get Jared or get Joel I made all the
kids staying here all I got ready they
weren't very happy with that but now I'm
done I got a messy bun now I'm done I'm
ready for the day you want to play with
the people yeah get your last little
play in because I'm gonna put you to bed
I'm gonna put Calvin for a nap and then
we have a little sitter to come over and
watch him and we are all going to our
lot because our builder and the guy that
is doing our land and excavating and
stuff are all needed together we're
having a big meeting so you're gonna
come with us we're gonna get your snow
gear on and you're gonna play
he really thinks he's gonna see Cody
maybe we'll go pick him up when we're
done and plays them or something
one Alan they do I wish we were gonna
film while we were up there but it
really was kind of crazy we all we want
to society it was exciting exciting we
got a lot of information and one of our
biggest concerns was the backyard and
what we were going to do with it how
we're gonna implement the things that we
want in it because there is a pretty I
mean we're sledding on it there's a
slope to it so that was one thing that
we're worried about but we we've talked
with a lot of guys and the guy that we
are going to hire out to do our backyard
is amazing he drew up a really cool plan
and we have a fish ulm eating with him
very soon that we're gonna talk about
all the different stuff like we just
talked about like cool things that we
just even the ideas of different things
and I just thought like holy crap a
swingset in the retaining wall type
being like I don't even know how it just
was cool hey code how are you doing
buddy good you playing yeah oh hey
Jackson yo is that a car okay I'll watch
okay I'll go to this light Jackson you
go to this light - okay here he comes
whoa high five yeah whoa high five yeah
whoa slides into home plate you're safe
man are you singing a song funny and
Joel were nice enough to invite us to
hang out with them at lunch on Joel's
day off oh dude this is these are the
days where Joel has it day on it's like
it's always a good day with joy
we can watch the master you could do
this just like well it's Josie I have to
I thought they were so to ensure Jackson
and everybody at Jackson's ice-cream
cone just thought it was really cute
because he was playing in then out of
the blue Cherokees welcomed by I like
what are you doing
fingers like does any of your kids want
I feel thank you to get Jackson ice
cream cone I'm like oh it was in his
photo that was pretty nice a dad I have
a friend who can do it on command I like
holding the world did he do that he's
just like you think of something sour
Jackson oh so nice dad did you see thank
you
Oh
anybody got a the dad tax
Jackson woke up from his nap so
extremely upset and after a little while
I think I figured out it was this no she
couldn't breathe
there was no that was driving him crazy
so I'm having it help me with dinner I
just cut some onion and he so don't
touch yet and he thinks it's candy yeah
oh please don't touch I don't want
ribbon as I um this is onion you want to
smell it
that might clear your Airways is he
thought it was candy and it's onion and
he smelt it first and then he got a key
I started laughing are you gonna help me
open up these cans or make them some
some stew is what we're making today my
very first year of marriage my parents
bought me this lodge pan and this is
what I cook almost everything in it
seriously everything and one of these
times I need to upgrade and get a bigger
one because I literally use it for
everything I love it thank you my dad
I'm going to clamp it Oh everything is
sticky I think can you turn this just
like that turn this you turn that hold
this in turn turn turn
good job turn turn turn oh my goodness
we're all here playing with our toys
Jackson what are you playing with are
you playing with blocks can you say
blocks do you want to help you put that
on okay can you say blocks are you
playing with blocks there you go ferrets
on hey Jackson oh I just I just called
you Jackson you're Calvin I can't
believe that that's gonna be something
that happens way more often than it
should and if you guys have kids or pets
you know exactly what I'm talking about
my dad still calls me he goes through
the entire line of my family don't do
your parents do that - Ellie oh yeah
I know I'm gonna call Calvin the dog
sometimes just because he's a cute
little puppy I just got off the phone
and I have some news that I want to
share with you bangs I am actually
leaving town tomorrow for a few days
to work on a project and it's kind of
similar to what I did with shonduras and
Stewart edge the other day the other day
the other week or so is that right the
other month so I'm gonna be gone for a
couple days but the project that we're
working on is going to be launched very
soon so you'll have some more details as
the trip goes on but we have some very
exciting guests that are coming with me
that I'm gonna meet up with at our
destination leave a comment down below
who you think I am going to be meeting
up with tomorrow on my stomach Flex
Jackson what's it like sitting on steel
Jackson make a silly face mom make the
silliest face again
Jackson you do it well it's very fitting
Joel and I we started the day together
didn't we and now we are ending the
night together we did have a good
morning Joel called me up or texted me
it was like Jared can you pick me up
here I'm like oh crap it's all like does
your car break down right and he's like
no I'm dropping the suburban off to get
it lifted something like that or
something leveled yeah I get a leveling
kit on it but now we're going to the
movies Joel and I are gonna go see
Zoolander 2 if you guys have seen it
what did you think I don't think I've
ever seen a theater so full acting like
the atrium the entryway and
and their dog is he receive Deadpool and
you can see yeah I mean like they have
kiosks to get tickets like all
everyone's so full but look how empty
the sphere there's no one here and we're
gonna watch Zoolander to me so I'm not
sure if that's indicative of how well
the movie but we're gonna watch it
anyway two hours later well we just got
out of the movie and Joel what did you
think it was that's exactly what it was
it would there were a lot of parts that
I laughed in in the other parts it was
just like it was fine yeah it was fine
movie it's a movie yeah that's that's my
review on that but people they were like
yeah maybe Zoolander's pretty hot you
know no everyone was there for Deadpool
it was a movie I really but would put a
blanket over him that calm spike Joel
just said so Calvin's always been my
little snapping turtle drawl just said
what does he look like by Spike from The
Land Before Time and let me find a good
picture does this not look just like
Calvin Calvin slept on me while we watch
bachelor I was just going to say that
was your show it was good you entire
package is crazy and I'm team
what's-her-name you know girl you're all
over on Twitter stop tweeting Amanda now
Rick and Amanda um but we're gonna go
ahead and end the night thank you guys
so much for watching
turtle turtle turtles fake
