what in the world is going on right now
you have got to be kidding me le well he
definitely him
but he's kind of wanting to totally lose
at the end of the stairs trying so hard
I was holding in the bottle and I he's
trying hi then look at you girl you are
too young to be going up and down the
stairs right now young young you are
growing up way too fast
I cannot get over how much I love these
two are those the guys what are you
playing with the little people that his
hat these kids this is my favorite view
Wow yeah the little people today is a
day that I never knew that I would
really be so excited to experience when
you're younger you have days where like
I can't wait to do this with my kids I
can't wait to do this with my family
this is gonna be so much fun when my
kids can do this like for example taking
Jackson to his very first baseball game
or taking Jackson to the pole vaulting
track for the very first time and having
him pole vault his very first track
competition like those are some of the
things that I am so excited to
experience for the very first time but
it wasn't until the past I don't know a
year or so that I got so excited to take
Jackson skiing
for the very first time Ellie oh my gosh
I am so excited so that's exactly what
we're doing
Jackson we're going skiing we made it
this brand-new skiing place this Lodge
just opened up its brand new and it's
like so I hope it's good yeah breathe
this is a huge workout let's just get to
the our destination we have right here
she she is gonna watch Kelvin for us in
the lodge
while we take Jackson's scheme but I
can't talk anymore I gotta wait till we
get the hill jared is getting us
ticket so he just got into the lodge and
I'm gonna set Calvin over here this is a
perfect area a blanket and toys and you
can just play a pair of all you take
Jackson's little burger this is like the
perfect view they can kind of see us ski
so we're all checked in and we're just
waiting to get our skis and boots are
you excited buddy oh is that a hat do
you want to pull one of those on today
yeah you want to pull one of those on
your head so you don't get hurt huh I am
so excited I figured he is kind of very
young people but this will get him
prepped for next year oh yeah
yes we will especially with the new
resort like 20 minutes from my house
Thank You helmet we were gonna bring his
helmet and be totally forgot and it's a
holiday and they're all out of home
that's so luckily we'll probably just go
slow the bunny hill can you lock oh he
did really good Ivy's not the cutest
little skis you ever did those are gonna
go on your feet he is so happy he's just
walking around he knows it today is
special he knows that were partying whoo
Jackson Jackson are you excited thumbs
up alright Jackson so here's what you do
you put your toe in and then you step
down okay you want to do this one first
get ready well we're ready let's go
Daniel get his skis on
that's so cute this is a day that I am
never gonna forget this is so cute to me
like look how cute and precious that is
this is the perfect most small bunny
hill perfect for little kids just
learning you start right there and you
it's just so perfect you could go all
the way down but you easily can stop
that house like splat areas this is so
fine slide side much to watch
yeah good job yeah I try to get over
bounty - that was good there you go this
is wrong
good job here we go
perfect Oh cute I cannot believe I have
a child but a lot taking skein this is
so cool to me
a little crazy but for a two-year-old to
do this like I feel confident he has got
he's just very uncontained he like this
is his reaction and then he goes wee wee
it's 45 degrees out it feels really good
but it's a little slushy so the trains
not that great but I think this is a
perfect time for his first time though
yeah this is fun I cannot believe this
my little boys skiing le like how I love
it look at that view isn't that amazing
this is so beautiful beautiful we are
taking Jackson to the next level that is
like not even a hill so we're going up a
little higher
tell the good news of Utah thank you
thank you
Oh
you're my wife your enjoy your mom
you're my wife the best ever we're just
kind of cruising on our last one before
we head home isn't she great look at her
go
and that is the aftermath oh we are all
tired if you're at the end of the day
before we do bath time we put on Wally
Jackson really loves the show
so put Wally on we just finished a whole
family is Wally on and I'm gonna pick
Calvin up and we are all gonna sit here
and cuddle for a little bit before we do
bath time I'm getting my own boat back
tonight because I am sore I should not
have gone down that blue one yeah yeah I
kept saying I was going down the black
diamond even though it was just like a
blue one or whatever but if I didn't go
down not my day would have been a
perfect but I went down at the steeper
one and I should not have done that so
I'm just gonna stay here and cuddle my
boy
well guys a dumb goofed
I don't goofed again is what I did we
totally didn't even film the rest of the
night because we were just so crazy busy
with all of these boring things like tax
appointments and phone calls with tax
guys guys it's tax season if you
couldn't tell so we're finishing up our
taxes and that's what we did the rest of
the night we had such a blast on the
mountain with Jackson it was so much fun
and I can't wait for the future like him
being able to stand up by himself
obviously this is not you know the
best-case scenario for him skiing by
himself but it was just a fun activity
for us to do all together and I can't
wait for the days that we go together
and Jackson passes me up on the mountain
he's way better than I am I am looking
forward to that so much I have some more
packages that came for my computer and
I'm very excited I'm going to be
starting to build that very very soon
and we have some fun stuff going on
today so thank you guys so much for
watching be sure to give the video a big
thumbs up and we'll see you guys next
time thanks for watching bye I miss you
DB EJ cygwin to Viki
