well good morning my cute little
Valentine the Sunday morning has been so
nice churches at 9 a.m. but Jackson has
been so good to just play he's been
pushing this bus around
he's been so happy
the mood has been set
the flowers are right there they're
beautiful and the table is getting set
there's gonna be a yummy dessert that
goes in those but I have everything
lined up I've got the flour the eggs the
breadcrumbs I'm going to make Parmesan
chicken take a look at this is it good
look at that red was an amateur cake
maker I don't know the cake that's going
I've got the salad dressing that I made
I'll show you right here this looks
pretty yummy I've been making my
dressings lately it's pretty yummy so
I've got poppy seed dressing is proof
that one's probably not healthy all have
like mayo and they'll open you'll like
it it's good it's poppy seed dressing it
is really good and but yeah dinner is
getting ready I'm excited to have a
Valentine's Day on camera that we do all
wrong yeah that's funny you're cute but
tonight that's just fun tonight though
I'm taking a lunch bubble back we're
getting strawberries I'm not even joking
when I say this I mean it those are the
biggest breasts I have ever seen those
chicken breasts are so big I love my
knife set that I got for Christmas it is
amazing and I got a new meat tenderizer
for this so Ellie is just cutting the
chicken in half that you're supposed to
get it horizontally so the chickens not
so thick so she's using her new knife
set to do that and it's actually working
out pretty well she just cut up lies
yeah look at that that's actually really
good Emily not even push a whole knife
so it was awful
so Ellie and I were talking and we found
out that we have a lot more chicken than
we really need so Joel is at work so
we're like let's call Bonnie and see if
they want to come over and have dinner
with us and so guess what Jackson do you
want Cody to come over do uh Cody to
come over do you want go t to come over
Lee's going over right now Bonnie and
the kids are coming over to have
Valentine's Day dinner with us and we
could not be more excited yes they can
be our Valentine's Day that looks so
good it's so breaded and mozzarella on
special occasions like New Year's Eve
Christmas we love to break out the
Martinelli's sparkling cider but was it
Christmas or something like that now we
got yeah we got one of the sparkling
centers but I only got something a
little bit different she got the Apple
grape Martinelli's and I have to say we
went through that like crazy and I have
to say when Jared brought out the
regular apple cider I said don't ever
buy this again no it's good it's just
that the grape is just so much better
and I'm kicking myself in the pants for
buying only two of those grapes when I
should have bought four of the grapes
yes we go through that much it is
stinking good
welcomewelcome Sabbath morning hey guys
aren't they the best come on in guys
happy Valentine's Day
adorable
oh my gosh you guys are gonna be best
friends you know that they are okay
these two kids have their plates these
two kids have their plates and we have
our plates I don't know how good the
chicken is I didn't do a huge chunk for
me just yet but does it does it this is
pretty good though I think so I'm
excited to try the dressing is so
stinking good Ellie like it's so good
it's so tender and perfect just like my
wife do you like it Jackson Bonnie do
you like it Olivia do you like it Cody
do you like it
Jackson please don't slam it oh um my
fingers are gonna get hurt huh okay it's
gonna come flying back gotcha Jackson's
pants have fallen down and he's gonna
break loose suspenders I have fallen use
the definition of an old lady's like I
don't care I'm just gonna drink my juice
I wonder how long he's gonna take till
he steps out of it happy birthday Jen
how's your day going yes happy
Valentine's Day to you too thank you
very much you guys do anything fun okay
let's say hi to Cannon hi can anybody
I'm pretty sure our whole vlog is gonna
consist of food but when you having a
party that's pretty much what you do is
you eat all day at least we do but I
made these really yummy look out you
these are I had Jared pick these up
yesterday I made a little like a little
trifle cake so I cut kicks up in squares
I was like cream cheese powdered sugar
and then strawberries it does not look
really yummy
does that look yummy twice um okay oh
you are very very welcome and 1:04 you
thank you honey you're welcome mm-hm
oh my Jackson holy cow oh look at me
honey was that good Bonnie can't even
enjoy hers cuz every kid is one even
once mourn for like muscle has no share
this was very good thank you
hey dinner was delicious this was
delicious and Jackson is a mess I love
that and I think it's so cute
Jackson was that good yeah yo yeah just
to say when he does that it looks like
me when I was a baby I would used to do
this eh I'm like my sharp teeth and he
looks like that
well after three episodes a Big Bang
Theory story the past four nights this
little baby we were getting ready and so
I can wear a little strawberries and
everything in ten minutes he was
flipping it like he has done every night
for the past four nights so we got him
all taken care of and we've been down
here watching the Big Bang Theory and he
finally - poor kid
teething was awful today in church we
are talking about the attributes inner
self and attributes in our spouse that
we like yeah or dislike just just things
like things uh I think highly about
myself and then things about that I
think highly about Ellie we didn't have
time to treat them in church so I'll
start first well what we want to do is
we want to share them with each other
and also share what do you get so
hopefully they're okay I'll go first
what I wrote down
about me was I am alert I'm a fast
worker I'm a listener and I'm a planner
that okay yeah it's great what I wrote
without Jamie I would agree with all of
those things
Thanks and I wrote about jared is he's a
leader he has energy he's a thinker he's
positive
and he's smart thank you um things I
wrote about myself I'm patient
optimistic and happy enjoy yeah and then
things like Clojure the sign drew and he
and I and Ian and I cuz this was
supposed to be e plus J but I didn't
finish it anyway I have drawing in
charge things I wrote about you hard
worker you love
you are very nurturing for kids you're
funny loving kind fierce I wrote I'm
fierce cuz I thought that was a fun
category I'm like well I mean when I say
fierce I mean like you you don't give up
like you you stick to what you believe
in you stick to what you want and you
don't look back or let go and I think
that's very good and you have great
timing in terms of what kind of like
what you said you are alert so you are
early you're on time and I like that
thank you
there's a lot of balance to what we go
through and the attributes that we have
and I feel like Ellie and I when one
person is lacking on area the other
person is exceeding in that other area
and we give each other a good balance
and I think that's kind of one thing
that helps marriages stay strong and
successful is balance and finding that
balance with each other
mm-hmm we just know when when one needs
to be stronger than the other it is
every day is completely different there
are some days where it's like I just
cannot anything and Jared is the strong
one and he makes the house run and other
days I make the house like it's just we
and not all days are that low but some
days are we all have our weaknesses and
we all have I mean Ellie and I had an
argument this morning I mean we're not
perfect but the I think the point of
this is to realize we're we're strong
and to realize we're we're weak and
where we can work on those different
things and I think that's a challenge
for us and for you guys is sit down and
write your attributes that you like
about each other and discussion
Valentine's is on Sunday not on Sundays
Jared and I we just
it's the day of rest a day of going to
church Dave focusing on family and food
and it just this is a very special
Valentine's Day yes it was thank you
guys so much for watching the video
today we hope you have a wonderful week
we have Anna Mae
they plant I am so excited for tomorrow
it's going to be one of his very first
experiences so like that yes I think so
we all will see you guys tomorrow
