good morning guys we are going sledding
are you excited yeah
today we are going sledding again in our
backyard and so I am making some hot
chocolate and some sandwiches because
Bonnie and all the kids are coming and
if we're going to be outside in the cold
it always feels nice to have some hot
chocolate and a sandwich in your stomach
if you guys follow me on instagram you
saw the other day I posted a picture of
our backyard I had so much snow on it we
are not gonna start building until the
snow is melted but I'm really excited
because next week the Builder and the
guy that's going to be designing our
backyard it needs to be excavated a
retaining wall lots of stuff needs to be
done to our backyard because there's a
20 feet incline
it's very steep it doesn't look as steep
as it looks on camera I feel like
especially as snow but it is extremely
steep we have a lot of work to do to the
backyard so I'm excited to go and play
in our backyard today and I'm extra
excited next week to get everything
figured out with what it's going to be
like when we actually move in
whose problem
Jared oh you guys what what are these
these are emails emails thank you for
councilman Jackson thank you so much
Olivia I love these these are these
little Valentine Day emails thank you
come on can you do it holy cow oh you
put your gloves on okay it's my turn
Jackson does not want to come with me he
just wants to walk to the top
please daddy coming up can you believe
it this is your fast start
yeah I'm okay he gave the camera I am
all done with my conference call and as
I've been sitting in the car I've been
watching Jackson he has just been
scooting on his little tush all the way
down the hill from right here terrific
checks ready have fun sliding on your
butt yeah that's Cody he's going down
the hill on a sled do you want to go
down the hill on a sled with Daddy yeah
there he goes
scoot scoot scoot yeah
let's do it you guys always ran into me
bail was just ran right into me
oh well we've had two casualties let the
kids play well I guess the kids crying
I'm like oh you're fine come on now I'm
like a bunny you're fine come on pick it
up
take a look ha ha ha I'm sorry hey we're
gonna have we're gonna have some fun and
then we'll go sit on some donuts or
something like that
I still didn't get the jump I gotta do
it again
how fun is this we've all got sandwiches
and hot chocolate you've even got a
sandwich Ram Bonnie and for me Oh
blessed be the day I have a sandwich I
wonder what they're gonna do to our yard
oh yeah it's gonna be whatever they do
it's gonna be great
I'm excited it's a hot hot chocolate
it's still pretty hot Cody and I are
going to have a race down the hill so
don't go yet Cody
whoo we got to be this it's got to have
official rules regulations and row
seating okay let's beat us in day oh
there's no snow on here
yeah yeah I don't know why this makes me
so happy but look how much snow we have
up where we live and joel has dug out a
little place just for his trailer so he
could smoke some meat so happy I wish he
wasn't at work right now but we are at
bonnie and Joel's house and we are
recouping from all of our injuries that
we have sustained throughout the course
of our sledding experience
you're gonna we're gonna read books
we're gonna race cars we're gonna sit on
things upside down we're gonna hold
babies and by golly we're gonna watch my
little pony
or something along those lines we're
just gonna kind of veg out hang out and
enjoy each other's company for the next
little bit I just watched the footage
balcony falling I'm embarrassed but like
like I could breathe I was just like
it's kind of it was kind of like pitiful
but like I felt so bad I was on a
conference call and I like came out or
open the window I was like are you okay
I was like I'm sorry guys I got to do
this oh I feel bad you're back
Bonnie's bum and your dignity play
Hungry Hungry Hippos
it's pretty easy to get the hang out
okay put the balls in here okay ready
set go there's some intense Hungry
Hungry Hippos going on right here go go
go go go go go
okay I have to go run a couple errands
okay yeah you got the ball what Ellie
doesn't know is that I'm actually going
to pick up a few things that I've
ordered for Valentine's Day and we I
don't think we ever talked about if we
were or weren't going to do anything for
Valentine's Day I think we were just
gonna say we're gonna hang out but I
have one thing already and I'm gonna go
pick up the other thing that I ordered
like who loves this bouncer jump jump
jump jump jump when he gets excited he
does it just stop there we go
oh yeah okay Calvin has this monster zit
on his chin that's crazy how crazy is it
he loves his jumper we just ate soup
Thank You Bonnie for making it Jackson
he's actually eating it pretty good it
is so yummy it's uh what does it cost a
chili super chilly and it is good I just
had two bowls of it Jackson is done but
he had a few bites guys I've made a huge
mistake I've made a terrible terrible
mistake than one the mistake that you
should never ever make I bought the
wrong perfume yes I know I said it's
terrible I bought the wrong perfume for
Ellie you see what happened was I had
this perfume on hold ready to go because
I thought this was the perfume that
Ellie wanted this is the one that she
desired the most for Valentine's Day I
went home I got it all set up and I
looked up in the bedroom and I realized
crap
she already has this one in a full
bottle this is not the one that's on
empty because she's been using it so
much so crap I just returned that bottle
feel like an idiot
now I'm going around town trying to find
it because I'm not sure where to get it
well that's strike two I've only got a
couple more chances to get this right
well slap my leg and call me silly this
that's strike three Jared we're playing
baseball you'd be out
I'm getting down to the wire here guys I
made a mistake and I can't even find the
kids are there no idea what to do now is
it there's one more place I can try
please cross your fingers ok Kmart's
you're my only hope this does not look
very good for me I might be in trouble
guys yeah Kmart never let me down you
never ever let me down you've been so
good and I feel so bad that you're
closing I got the last one
we just left Bonnie's house and we had
to run to the goods like literally a
second away and by the time we got here
he had fallen asleep while we're from a
lady I look how giant the stem is this
is like a thank you thank you
tell me Chad since I believe he's
staying asleep in the car
Calvin's asleep too yeah try and go for
a ride no more I go home and take a day
off I do too hey back I really I feel
bad Bonnie doesn't flow well um I really
hurt myself today it really really you
guys probably got the most air out of
anyone's definitely the most successful
day for two reasons major air and back
breakage well I wanted to make sure I
got your reaction it's not much but it's
cute I have had perfume over the past
six years of being married and the
perfume that's my favorite that it's
gone I've used it
like a month and a half it's this
Jessica Simpson the vintage boom I've
used it up it smells so good
I know can I tell you a story I'm glad
you liked him I have to tell you a story
okay so I had ordered Giorgio Armani
see but then it got here you ordered it
well I well yeah I forgot I went
upstairs and I saw the full bottle and
I'm like crap so I took it back shush
and I searched the town for a little
vintage Walmart no I didn't find it at
Walmart I didn't find him at old her
burgers I didn't find them at Ulta well
I found it at Kmart
all under clothes their closing and
these were the last ones and I said I
don't care what size they are Ellie's
gonna love them
it's a thought that was so nice of you I
do like my mm-hmm Missy's great but you
love this better this is great which is
great because that's way cheaper thank
you you're welcome
hey happy Valentine's Day will you be my
Valentine yes I will there's one more
thing that I forgot to show you yes
thank you
little chocolate-covered strawberries
love it well guys it's about that time
of night Jackson is in bed and this guy
is about ready for it and we are gonna
watch a movie here in a second and it's
going to be great preparation for
Valentine's Day tomorrow we hope you
guys have a wonderful Valentine's Day
weekend thank you so much for watching
the video be sure to give it a big
thumbs up if you guys haven't subscribed
be sure to hit the subscribe button and
as always we will see you guys tomorrow
on Valentine's Day
see ya stay tuned for my cool awesome
