you are being a very good boy Jackson
you're picking up all your toys I didn't
even ask him to he's been playing with
his little toys this morning I walk in
then yes he is very funny with my high
heels but he's picking up all those
little toys been playing with
grab your book bag oh good job okay love
you shut the Joey put it on you yeah
okay put one arm through oh look this
way put this arm through OOP and that
arm through perfect now you're ready now
you're ready for your day with your
friends Jackson is going to go hang out
with some friends while Dad and I in
Calvin go to it's about an hour away
we're going to the builders place we are
going to go over and finalize our house
plans so we have a big day ahead of us
and mommy pack do cookies and a book and
an extra diaper and you're going to hang
out with your friends okay that's like a
good idea I love you it's kind of cold
out here I should be wearing a coat
there's tons of snow last night was
actually really good Calvin homie woke
up one time and it was so cute because
when he woke
he distinctly was saying ma-ma-ma-ma-ma
it was more like because it was really
loud like I jumped out it bad and
something doesn't woke me up too and I
the first thing I thought was saying
mama quit grab the camera and I was just
like wow what a like it's 4:00 a.m. and
you figured out like grab the camera
hurry he's doing something good we need
to get the footage it's gonna be great
vlogging footage of folium when Calvin
said my mama is kid oh my gosh
isn't that funny what we think like
based on our like different jobs and
stuff that's what we do I remember when
I was roofing with my brother man that
was our job he he said Jared you're
gonna get the roofers curse I said
what's the roofers cursed the roofers
curse is when you are hired on his
roofer you work in roofing for a long
time you can't drive by a neighborhood
without looking at the roofs and see
what is wrong what they did well and all
of these different things so that's what
Matt does all the time when he drives
through houses and stuff he's like oh
yeah can you see what we are about to
drive into look at all that fog
scoffs it's so bright ultra please
Wow we are at the home that we are going
to be replicating and we are doing a
walkthrough with the builder of things
that we want to change there's only
about four or five things on the list
that we are going to be doing
differently and I'm excited to bring you
guys along and show you a few of the
things that we're going to be doing one
of the first things that we are going to
be adding to the house is in the garage
and I don't know we're out in the garage
but we are going to put a little small
shower yeah that would work like we're
maybe I don't know I think kind of in a
corner we're going to have a little
shower bath area and kind of for like
when we are done hiking that all the
kids can wash their shoes off and
specifically for the dog for our future
dog that way we can bathe the dog and
groom the dog here so that's something
that we're going to add Jer and I just
walked into the walk-in shower and he is
so excited because there are two double
showerheads
but wait he has his side and I would
have my side with that and this is to
put my foot to shave my legs is that not
the smartest ever so cool this is
perfect this is the closet right here
it's ginormous this is so big but what I
was thinking what Ellie was thinking is
we would take this part out right here
and this part out right here and we
filled in a vanity so a built-in makeup
area for me yeah don't look in it cuz
yeah when you walk in I walk alone so
this is what you see for the bathroom
rather than you see a dirty closet you
see a nice vanity right there so that's
kind of what we were thinking here look
at this tub look at that tub isn't that
stinking cool going to get you um you're
so excited for that time
to give us the places where we go to
pick out stuff and we're going to start
doing that like soon next week
Calvin smiles on demand Oh Calvin Calvin
hi how are you
who's that boy for you looks amazing
yeah this might be great look baby boy
look look look so our house is not going
to start being built until the snow
melts so probably the end of March maybe
the beginning of April just depending on
the weather so we still have a very very
good month we're gonna have to wait
month and a half yeah that doesn't mean
we're not going to be busy yeah so the
next few weeks we're going to start
going and picking out bathtubs and tiles
and paint I am so very elated on cloud
nine right now no you are - that tub I'm
excited to sit in that tub I think I
want that tub oh my goodness holy
amazing package delivery guys some
amazing stuff just came and I'm so
excited oh my gosh let me bring these in
real quick okay I got everything in and
I have to tell you I'm kind of nervous
but I'm mostly excited you guys know
that I'm kind of thy love tech I love
computers I love gadgets and gizmos and
whosits and whatsits galore but I've
never done anything like this and I'm
probably going to do a lot of it on my
specific channel because I know there's
probably a lot of people who aren't too
interested but if you are check out my
channel I am going to be building a PC
and it's weird for me to even say that I
know my siblings are shunning me right
now and probably disowning me because
we're kind of just like an apple family
we've always had Apple computers but I'm
going to build a PC one because I want
to challenge myself it's something I've
never ever done before and I've always
wanted to do - I've been researching
this a lot and I've been saving up for a
long time and I've been following these
parts for a long time and I got a really
good deal on it so that's like really
exciting for me two three this is going
to be awesome stuff for my channel
because this is going to be more
streaming more content or gaming stuff
that I enjoy on the off side something
that I can do in my spare time is a
hobby and this is going to be fun it's
if you think about it it's a bunch of
Legos that I'm going to be putting
together and I am so excited about it
so if you guys are interested I'm gonna
have some more stuff on my channel but
first before anything goes up the
sibling Q&A that I'm going to be doing I
haven't edited it just yet but I will be
editing that soon and that will be up on
my channel soon - so stay tuned for that
woo a buddy what happened to you talk
about major bedhead my goodness
this little beanie did wonders on you oh
my gosh what do you want to show me
sweetheart if dinner doesn't go well I
blame on Jackson cuz I had any look at
this i have warehouse and wash so that's
the best thing by baking powder that's
corn starch corn sir - think about
having kids
is he complaining and what else
oh and Calvin I had this on it would
sell the grab that is close and I look
over and he's like drinking out the
grout deali oh my gosh you know my mom
used to say and I think your mom said
the same thing - yeah is like if you
didn't ever want to do anything you
weren't comfortable with just blame it
on mom and dad cuz though there no one's
gonna argue against you like oh sorry my
mom won't let me and then it's a good
you know it's a good thing so we get to
we get to blame things on you guys and
we hand
yeah you're older you can play things on
yeah
ah I can hear your tooth on the wood new
teething baby boy
he keeps gnawing on this what do you
think that's good
I should have put a bib on you but this
just kind of happened huh well he does
after every bite Oh could you share them
Oh shivers down my spine I can hear all
this - scraping on that call daddy say
we're ready to eat say dad dinner's
ready
I know he just did it and it gives me
shivers every time oh my god I'm
actually gonna go put a frozen mango in
a little pouch memnon that right now is
we're eating dinner he had chicken for
lunch
he plays not gonna want this this is
like a really warm this looks awful I
want to show him that it smells so good
it is good thing let's recipe on my
channel it is yummy I just threw it
together real quick but I'm gonna get
him here hold this I get a hope guys
you'll be safe in my arms don't you even
worry I've got you okay you and me okay
Jackson your hair is out of this world
Jackson and your tooth I don't know
what's going on with that we better
check the bottom of this table
it's sopping wet Ellie what the bottom
of the table Oh might be kind of sour
for a second there you go good job no no
no no no no no no TV has been awful
yeah it has them we just read a really
great story and my ice age it was like a
penguin bag yeah it's the penguin who
has the hiccups and I really really like
it and I must admit I did a really
really good job narrating the book
didn't I Jackson he agrees with me too
alright we are ready for bed so we are
gonna say our prayers and then Jackson
can you say good night you say good
night something like that
Oh do you want mama to put you to bed oh
that's a good mama
and that's a squished Calvin he's like
what the there's a smile okay look at me
guys and smile say cheese that's a happy
family right there I love you guys
you're just awesome oh you're just
awesome each and every one of you yes
you do and I love tickling her and that
is our whole day about 12 minutes oh is
that for him well it's been a really
good day I enjoyed lunch at the enjoyed
looking through the hell I and we've
said this a thousand times but today
feels like the official like this is the
start like this is where we're like oh
my gosh this is what we're gonna have
we're definitely more excited oh my gosh
it was Ellie I could not contain herself
her emotions were too big I walked into
the house and the Builder and his wife
are there and I was like I was like
screaming and they bump her I was just
like I can't believe this is happening
and it completely warranted that
response like we're so excited we can't
wait please if you guys want to follow
along make sure you're subscribed
because it's going to be too legit and
next week we have an appointment with a
guy that's going to help figure out our
backyard
and the Builder will be there as well
cuz we're gonna figure some things out
and of course we will film that as well
so we will see waiting which Shh
of course we'll see you next week but I
want to let you guys know about CVX live
don't forget about CVX live we're going
to see the ex live here in Utah it's a
really really great YouTube convention
there's gonna be ton of people there any
a lot for that yes we're gonna have a
ton of fun
even bigger and better than last year
tickets are linked down below if you
want to get tickets click the link down
below get them right now before they are
sold out okay I'll see you tomorrow
thanks for watching bye
