Keigo put them over there by the pile
I just got that from the grocery store
and Jax is doing his duty to bring all
the groceries over there for me so far
he has done an amazing job well that's a
heavy one keep going though you could do
it that's a big one keep bringing that
one over - thank you
growing up we had a sign where we knew
mom needed to go grocery shopping and it
was when the container of grocery bags
were empty
we are always growing up how to milk
container we cut a hole in the end outs
for the grocery bags go and just when
they were empty we just knew oh there's
no more food in the house my milk jug is
full of grocery bags which means my
fridge is full we've got chicken because
I'm making a really yummy dinner on
Sunday we've got tons of fruit we've got
vegetables my fridge is full and my
heart is full I feel blessed we have
lots of fun foods that we're eating
Jackson still pulling things over that
we need to put in the fridge send it to
the dentist today look a di D hoof oil
of at unum so I should be eating soup
for lunch so I can suck it up but he
files in between my teeth because they
are gonna close there's that little hole
gap and so you file them between and
then they'll close today is one of those
days that I have not had in a long time
I am ready for bed I went to the gym I'm
feeling overwhelmed I'm feeling
discouraged but the gym did you have fun
Jax went to the gym with me but look at
his hair who is it that nice turn around
show us you do I cut his hair turn
around
show me your do you were not very happy
you were very angry while I cut your
hair um yeah I just I'm just like Oh
today just blah so I'm just getting
haircuts done pick
house up playing with the boys Jackson's
been playing with some of his toys this
kid has been teething it was up all
night has a little fit fever
are you happy though clock what
who are you on vlog okay
you know what to do you gotta say hi
though hey baby
right he mix it around for me
make room for me
this way now look good we are making
cookies are we making cookies okay we
got to add the flour and chocolate chips
hold this whoa it's almost ready
hold it good you mix it around move your
hand around
oh good job cookies we're makin cookies
so I cut these in there YUM Thanks
you're so good are you gonna roll one
more for me cuz I was hot those are hot
but they're make their bacon you can eat
some cookies and some milk with me yeah
don't touch em yeah I cannot wait for
those whoop it Oh his glass might be too
thin cookie down cookie down
gay eat it it's good mmm Oh Jackson yeah
you are dropping cookies left and right
Calvin come here boy he's not he's
moving so fast ah now he's moving too
fast
hey he's fine he moves so fast Ellie and
he's country as it does is a little
cookie your first chocolate Calvin is on
his knees there we go there we go buddy
you're crawling there you go
come here
hahaha that was a few good ones yeah oh
look at him go oh ok that was true that
was so good so now he's just Scootaloo
ting that was good that was great
progress little man that's awesome
Jackson can you do an extra limb for me
Oh
next stop Carnegie huh Bonnie and Joel
just said that um he looks just like me
tonight Jackson she's making my chart
he's acting ok ok let's all try not to
laugh so you can hear him so ok do it
again
everybody dare - OH - OH we've got
spaghetti over here and this is our
talent I've never seen him do those fish
he's Saturday me I love that he put that
together did you have fun with uncle Jiu
and then mama were they fun you were
putting on a little show weren't you
buddy
it was so funny because like that's a
sign of his personality that we've never
ever seen before he was like performing
for them and I love this sometimes he
doesn't like oh yeah oh these kids
growing up I love it I love it I love
that we capture it daddy
mama mama you that's you Jackson say
Jackson kid wait a minute
candy Oh God I am very excited about
three things and I'm very excited to
tell you about those three things first
thing that I'm excited about
we found the Apple TV remote I think I
have lost this for about two months now
and I just found it and it's so crazy
because I've looked in this couch
multiple I can't even move dead we moved
it multiple times and you know I did
some finagling around the couch reaching
into the deepest darkest corners of this
couch and I finally got hey I go my
remote second thing and I'm excited
about tomorrow was a big day um every
day we're getting closer and closer to
starting a billion of our house and
we're doing something really exciting
tomorrow we're basically going through
and finalizing the floor plan and that
involves going to one of the house that
involves going to the house that they're
pretty much done building where we're
going to have that so I'm really excited
to go there basically say this is our
house and we're going to start building
it so I think tomorrow's going to be a
lot of fun so you want to stick around
and check that out so make sure you
subscribe to our YouTube channel
youtube.com slash challenger third thing
that I'm excited about is I want to let
you guys know because a lot of you
already do but in case you didn't Ellie
and I are going to be going to see the X
live next month in March it is the
second year where we do a YouTube
convention here in Utah and it's going
to be huge way bigger than last year and
it's going to be so awesome
I heard someone's coming from Chicago to
meet us and I'm very excited to be loud
so information isn't that so cool like
all the way from Chicago if you guys
want to get tickets and come see us and
hang out with all of these awesome
youtubers and social media awesome
people I'll have a link to it down below
if you click the I button I think I'll
have it one of these corners I'll have
it over there so be sure to check out
that it's it's going to be awesome
I love CVX live we had a blast and you
will have a blast sister - thank you
those are the three things that I'm very
excited about right now now I'm going to
use this Apple umm oh I think I'm going
to go ahead and end the vlog tonight
because I have to go get this little one
to bend he's not going to bed if I'm not
in bed right now so he's such a boo-boo
so we're gonna go to bed because he has
been a teething hot mess so thank you
guys so much for watching I'm so
grateful for my kids my husband that
make me laugh Jackson was a hoot today I
love making cookies with them okay we'll
see you wait wait wait I want you to
know that I love you and I'm grateful
for you and even though sometimes we
have hard days our days are awesome
because I have you I love you sorry that
such easy but it's the truth
here no way stir this up thanks so much
for watching guys and we'll see you
tomorrow bye
