it felt so good to come home last night
and sleep in our own bed and shower in
our own shower but this morning the kids
have been bathed and they have been fed
Calvin to sleep and I thought my view
was pretty cute as I was getting ready
for the day I don't know if you can tell
it's kind of dark for Jackson is in
there having a little quiet time he's
playing with his toys and I am getting
ready this is his favorite thing to play
with these are really special I put them
up there and when it's kind of his time
or when I'm getting ready he plays with
them is that Mickey is goofy and he
loves to put the little people in there
so this is what Jackson is doing as I am
going to wash my face put on my face and
Jared's editing and Calvin is asleep
something I always remember about my mom
was it didn't matter if she had plans
one day or if all she was doing that day
was cleaning the house was my mom would
wake up and get ready she oh not a lot
she wasn't dolled up everyday but she
always had mascara on and a little bit
of blush and that is something that I
love to do is I always feel better about
myself I always feel like I can conquer
the day as if my face is wash my teeth
is brush mascaras on and some blush and
that way I'm just ready for the day and
today specifically I'm glad that I got
ready
I'm not crazy ready my hair is in a
messy bun my hair is like three days old
I really need to wash it but I did get
ready a little bit Bonnie called me and
said that she's going to one of her
friends as viewings her friend passed
away and she's like I would love it if
you came I don't want to go by myself
and I have plans I have like a dentist
thing I have run around errands that I
was good to do and I said I'm not like
all that ready but I'll put on a dress
and lipstick and I'll come with you and
she's leaving in like just a few hours
she's leaving this afternoon and so I'm
gonna go with her and so the reason why
I feel me in this clip is I want to tell
my mom thank you for teaching me to
always get ready because if I wasn't
ready I really wouldn't have had enough
time and I wish I would be able to
shower and like straighten my hair or
something but I'm glad that I'm
presentable for the unexpected that
Bonnie called wanted me to go with her
and I can go so I um change of plans how
to call my dentist and hurry to put on
some lipstick put on a little bit of
jewelry and a dress but I am going to go
with Bonnie today so change of plans but
that's okay because I love supporting my
family Jackson you got yourself ready
Jackson put his hat on and he put his
book back on but packed on but back her
backpack I always call a book bag no
matter what and a lot of people call it
backpack but Jackson put on his book
pack oh my gosh I can't talk his book
bag and his hat on by himself and he
keeps saying go today I originally
wanted
- you know run my errands go to my
dentist's appointment and then take
Jackson to Wytheville burn but instead
Jarrod's gonna take Jackson to Google
wear him out Calvin and I go but he is
totally ready to go he's like I'm sick
of being in the house he kind of cooped
him up at Grandma's as we were packing
up so he's gonna go find his shoes and
then I think Jarrod's gonna take them -
it'll work
I must say I have the cutest wife in the
entire world she cut Jackson's little
grilled cheese sandwich into a star do
you want to know why Jackson because
sure because you're a star you're a star
who says that I can't remember but I
have a bone to pick with Bryan landing
right now oh you know what's coming out
no I don't you know what's coming I have
a bone to pick when we were at the DBE
jck winter vacay imade apple bacon
grilled cheese and he said Jarek you
need to get this Velveeta American
cheese individual slices because they
are the best they're the best
and I am here to tell you nay Brian May
regular old cheddar cheese is the best
for grilled cheese sandwiches what do
you think I'm sorry Brian sorry Brian is
right Jackson what do you think yeah
cheddar cheese is what he said and this
is Jackson gone girl cheats and Mars is
bacon with apple on the inside mm-hmm
so good to die for with cheddar cheese
thanks Brian I mean it's good it's just
not as good right god this is better
sighs so I've got a really funny story
to tell you as you guys know I'm taking
Jackson to wiggle worm today Jackson was
so excited he kept saying like wiggle
worm wiggle worm well how he says it how
do you say wiggle worm Jackson do you
say candy that's right
he says gum gum or something like that
so he was in that we got him in the car
he was so excited ready to go as soon as
we start to leave boom he falls asleep
and I'm like crap what can I do he does
not transfer well so I've been driving
around for the past hour and a half
just in the car with Jackson asleep so
he doesn't wake up but now he is awake
and so that means we can go hang out at
wiggle worm and have some fun you ready
let's go Bonnie and I were debating on
who is gonna film this and I want we
walked into mom's house I am on my way
to go with Bonnie and Mon left this note
here and it says to whom it may concern
welcome don't flush the laundry room
toilet if you already did be sure to
rattle the chain so it doesn't run all
week whoever you are if you are in our
house we must love you ha ha grandma
grab hashtag Ellie's a moment
hashtag Reviva Bonnie Julie's a mom it
was not funny
also Bonnie and I had a little uh
arrangement when I got into her car
she's like I was trying to wear those
earrings today I was I was like I was
trying to find these earrings we always
like long enough
okay all right it's time to go home come
on now let's go let's go let's go
should we change your shirt buddy oh he
still loves to play all right let's go
as we're pulling in to pick up the kids
I have to say that growing up I was
always Bonnie's tongue along whether its
dates hanging out with friends skipping
school I just as always with Bonnie and
so I am so glad that Bonnie wanted me to
Khan asked me to Khan it made her feel
good that I came and it was really fun
being Bonnie's tag-along again and not
even just a tag along but being there
for her and seeing her friends it was
just as fun for me as it was for you so
thanks for the invite I'm glad you were
with me and I think my friends were
happy to see you like I think they liked
that too all right buddy let's take a
look at you you are soaking wet and we
need to get you to subtract fine man
it's look like you you look like you
peed your pants and threw up you need to
learn how to drink from a drinking
fountain better don't you don't you then
now that we've got you into some nice
dry clothes some nice warm clothes for
the rest of the evening I have a little
surprise are you ready for this you want
some juice okay we can get some juice
but you know what else goes good with
juice let's get some pizza let's go get
some pizza yeah we're watching a movie
and we've got our minion tent we've got
our pizza I've got to go grab the drinks
okay this is so fun that I get to do
this with my boy eat pizza while mom's
gone
- movie and our minion high-five yeah I
came home to a dance party the charity
Jack's her and her dancing like crazy
but I gotta show you how much Jack hey
you're not Calvin look how big he isn't
as he came in sat in it and I picked him
up and he's actually not that heavy in
here oh okay just kidding me yeah what
the puppy and Jackson the moment I
walked in and said guess what he ate
tonight what did you eat tonight
don't tell me what you ate - why - uh I
don't know why but that is Pizza Santa
whoo tonight's read tonight's book we
are going to read a book that I have not
read to Jackson in a long time
who loves Jackson I caught this when you
were a little baby somebody sent it to
us and I missed you all day and you know
I just kissed a burger that is a booger
from your nose you know I missed you and
I'm gonna read you this book your snacks
are ready for the bachelor
he told me to hold him happy
dad goals achieved hung out with my son
all day had a lot of fun rubbed my
wife's feet and now I am putting Calvin
down to bed thank you guys so much for
watching the video I hope you have a
wonderful day Valentine's Day weekend is
coming up do something for someone that
you love and we'll see you guys tomorrow
thanks for watching bye
