today's going to be interesting because
as I walk through the house as we pack
up all of our things it may be the very
last time that I go into that room that
I go into that that place you know so
it's like it's kind of hard right now to
to pack up and leave because this may be
the last time that I ever do that again
all right there we go
that's all she wrote a couple days ago
when I was loading the trash can here I
was asking that I said I wonder how many
baseballs and soccer balls are in this
bush obviously we've gone through it a
bunch but I just wonder you know all of
these things all of these memories that
we have for my childhood it's crazy
we used to line up for a bus stop right
here and then sometimes we lined up for
the bus stop right there and we I would
mow the front lawn when I was little and
then I mow the back lawn when I got
older I just I don't know how many more
times I will see the front of this house
and so I'm kind of just taking this time
to soak it all in and just look at it
and appreciate it I mean the thing about
it is I can't even tell you how many
times I climbed that tree and got to the
very very top seeing all of these trees
in the beautiful background the Sun come
up over the trees this is my home this
is my house I love it
I'm grateful for it and I'm gonna miss
it like I just think it's cool that my
kids were able to come to my childhood
home and see it and live in it for a
little bit and have fun with Grandma and
Grandpa in it it's it's going to be hard
to say goodbye and this is not like this
is more just for me in the future this
is more for me in the future just to
like go through and look back and say
okay this is our house this is our house
should we go Jackson are you gonna drive
us okay drive us safe drive us safe okay
buddy there's still a lot of work left
to do but I think we made a really
really good dent in this trip and I
think it was so fun to have all the kids
here and I think that I think that the
sibling Q&A that I'm going to put up I
think that'll be one of the things that
we look back on and say like this is you
know this is our home you know
so I don't know I'm getting I'm
reminiscing about things in the past and
it's very fun to do that sometimes I'm
not sure I'll ever see you again but if
I don't it's been real good goodbye
house
goodbye old fence goodbye neighbor
Jackson can you wink at grandpa wink
okay grandpa you show them how to do it
okay now you do it good job that's a
great wing okay Calvin your turn so
we're here at Applebee's having lunch
and we have that we had to come here
before
because this is kind of our family
establishment right this is where the
Meachem family goes to dinner whenever
we're all together and you can't have a
P he's showing off his car dog he's so
excited about his Garn dog you can't
have Applebee's without Joan Joan has
been our server and every time we come
here we request we request Joan because
she is the best
yeah absolutely absolute best and you
know I've gone to college and all my
mission so I haven't been here the whole
time but mom and dad you guys have been
here at you know going to Applebee's
with Joan for how many years now 19 20
years in November so that that's a long
time there just imagine you have been a
part of this family almost as long as
jennifer has
yeah exactly I remember that in fact we
might like you better than Jennifer
Jennifer that's not true
okay it's only partially so cute but
yeah we've loved coming here to
Applebee's and hanging out with our
friend Joan and we're not gonna see you
anymore and it's gonna be very sad we're
gonna do some face time yes that's right
well I think this is where we say
goodbye gonna be very sad but we love
you guys we miss you already
and you're kind of talking about it yeah
we were talking about a lunch I might be
back to come help with the actual move
the truck hi buddy
can you say bye grandma say bye grandpa
I'll come back give never hugs not love
you give grandma hugs kiss home
what love you say I love you come back
you want to do a grandpa again that was
a good one that was a good one
oh crap really what yeah it's the cutest
good all right well we sure love yet
we've got to do real hug sounds crazy
month
thank you guys so much Jared are you
getting nope nope another false car
another false alarm
that was even closer than we I literally
was like you're literally getting pulled
over for the first time oh my gosh my
god no he just needed you to move gone
after somebody else all right let the
traveling begin we have about 20 minutes
until our flight leaves so we've got to
get the bag checked and go through
security but I think we'll have it done
in about five minutes
hold on tight Jackson hold on tight
oh he's me he's be the Daredevils oh
he's doing it took six minutes instead
of five but I think we went through
pretty quickly all considering that we
had to check it back and our bag was
five pounds overweight
I cannot believe that yeah I have no
idea bye and you like it we got the
little thing but that's like weightless
so I'm not sure but so that sucks we had
to pay a hundred dollars to get that on
the plane because it was five pounds
overweight crazy we are writing shorts
or like just do it we're not gonna
finagle this around you staring out the
window those planes yeah ah everyone
thinks he's saying huh yeah just
airplane one two three jump
Oh
my baby yeah yeah sound like a doctor
here we go good job
yeah did you see him jump like that good
job high five buddy high five
yeah
it feels private
all you ready to get on cuz that's a
family inside joke I am so glad to be in
Utah it feels good to be home
I think that we were at seven o'clock we
stopped two hours to go home I think
that when we get home we're gonna still
bathe the kids and just get ready for a
friend because if you get ourselves I
won't think about I think it'll just
feel good to take like a nice warm bath
okay maybe I'll take a bath with them oh
my goodness
home sweet home can we take a minute to
thumbs up my postpartum hair going in
look at that that's beautiful like it's
beautiful I can't do anything for
research I am being real though like
look at those bad boys growing in like
that's insane um we made a home that was
probably the hardest fight we've ever
had all of our traveling lay overs are
awful and but we are home we're gonna go
to bed
we're entire kids are smiles oh like the
kids too as soon as we go home no the
kids did good out they don't admit that
they did get and are at home they did
pretty good
yes okay we will see you tomorrow
by travelpod
