and then there were two it's just you
and me Jim down to the terrific two it's
just us all of the other siblings have
left and are on their way home right now
and we have bags upon bags upon bags
upon bags and bags and bags and we're
making more bags here I contributed oh I
did you le you've done a lot just
because they didn't film it doesn't mean
that things didn't get done but le put
all of these stuffs into these bags and
it's been it's been good so we're gonna
go donate a bunch of these things and
then we'll go on from there I actually
want to go talk about today to try their
new and try out their new case of lupa
if that might be interesting dad what do
you say should we go to Taco Bell and
try out their new case of lupa case of
Juana
clean up clean up clean up having Jesse
felt me good going through all the
pantry getting rid of all the expired
stuff look at all that jello Jackson's
they clean up we are driving on our way
to the thrift store to make a pile of
donations
once again that's quite a bit of stuff
that we're donating it is indeed and it
is one of how many probably four that
we've done and then we've done a bunch
of garbage hauls too so for donations to
Goodwill and six dumpsters loaded with
expired food I think you mean like
poisonous canned goods that have been in
that closet for 30 years no no no I
don't think so
that's not what I mean at all I mean
food that's been expired for three
months maybe
ohokay canned food we're better than
that we are better than that but that's
what we're doing today and hopefully we
will have a dumpster full of stuff for
the pickup tomorrow and then we will be
don't stir closer you will be dumpster
done once again the van is empty but we
are not going home empty-handed we got
some Taco Bell and I'm very anxious to
try out the new case of lupa I don't
know I like steak quesadillas from Taco
Bell that's like the one thing I get
from there so I'm excited to see what
the case of loop is all about Elia I got
you a case of Lou Pitou I want you to
take a bite and tell me what you think
oh my gosh that's what you get when you
work on a salon you just don't really
care about those things like that did I
hear you say that mr. kanin has all four
top teeth yeah yeah can you show me oh I
see some of them growing up so fast
oh girl and I'm so fast oh my goodness
we were just talking about how they just
grow up so fast and things change change
change so quick look at this guy he's
eating food and he's a big big miss look
at all of that it's crazy like I
remember just yesterday bringing him
home from the hospital like it's funny
because I watch his birth video every
once in a while because it's one of the
highest viewed videos on our youtube
channel so I see it quite frequently I
like to click on it and it's so nice to
be able to go back and look at these
memories that we have and to watch them
grow up every day because it does go by
so fast you will not believe what we
just found dad dude okay is it under
control yeah okay hold on hold on hold
on oh my gosh
we found a raccoon oh my gosh Jackson
look at that do you see that raccoon you
want to pet him I think you would would
would you like for Jackson to pet you
he thought charging at him can you feta
he likes little boys oh my gosh checks
him what is that after all these years
he's still here yeah hi would you just
like grandpa good job buddy
ha I can't believe we found a raccoon
guys that's amazing Oh careful oh geez
you gotta be careful it's been a long
time since you've handled one of those
carefully don't grabbing like that okay
it's okay Jenny likes it when you're
scratching grace Jesus here watch watch
daddy watch daddy do it ready oh yeah
okay can you try okay you did what now
you're not really serious that's awesome
dad I can't believe we still have that I
know this is pretty amazing huh I
brought this home from a business trip
when the kids were really little and for
years I had them convinced that this was
a real raccoon we kept it in a shoebox
with holes on top and they had to feed
it every once in a while they would feed
it dog food and the kids just loved it
they thought it was the greatest lover
do you want to pet him Jackson yeah okay
well it's official guys this is the last
goodbye to my siblings everyone is gone
except for Jennifer I know you want to
say goodbye but I want to say goodbye
first okay yeah something like that
hey I'm gonna miss you smileyriley I'm
gonna miss you little guy I know happy
official birthday I'm glad we were here
to celebrate a little early but fundin
have one last birthday yeah how can our
trials it isn't happy birthday thank you
happy birthday okay you give us a little
hug give us a little hug can you wave
bye bye bye sure love you we'll see you
in a little bit who knows how long it'll
be but oh you want your shoes on so are
you gonna go with an gym you can come
stay the night with me you want to go
with an Jenn you want to go ok ok bye
Jackson say bye bye love you miss you
Jackson can you give canon a hug say bye
I miss you he wants to go with you so
bad ok give Canon a hug oh so sweet they
love you
getting tickled a goofy little smile
you've got such a cute little sweater
are you gonna miss your grandpa you're
gonna miss your grandpa we're leaving
tomorrow
yep grandpa say again say Dada Dada Dada
Dada Dada Dada Dada well I think we are
finally wrapping up the workday every
single one of us has worked very hard
and I think Elly especially has worked
way harder than she's needed to she has
been all over the place miles in the
kitchen it's true though Jackson your
finger does not come these kids played
hard had fun and now we're just relaxing
in the bathtub and guess what guys we've
got some boo-boos Kesey bubbles okay
these are no tears no tears there you go
well I did it I did something crazy no
not so crazy it's actually really fun
just got off a phone call with two
individuals and I'm very excited to hang
out with here pretty soon and you will
see shortly what that is all about guys
today was the last full day here at the
house and it very well could be one of
the very last days that I spend in my
childhood home and I just think it is so
crazy here that this place won't be ours
anymore
and you know my parents will have a new
home and that will have our family
vacations and
trips and meetings all there and it'll
be new and different and exciting but
sad and you know it's crazy I don't know
how else to explain I've never I've
moved but my my roots haven't moved and
so that's gonna be really interesting if
you guys have ever moved leave a comment
down below let me know what you thought
about it how it affected your life your
family your parents and everything but I
think I think this 2016 is going to be a
great year and I'm very very excited
about it be sure to give the video a
thumbs up thank you guys so much for all
your support if you haven't subscribed
be sure to do that because like I said
2016 is gonna be awesome I'll see you
guys tomorrow
bye
