welcome to Wrestlemania will we have
babies wrestling all day long
WrestleMania cannon versus Kelvin the
closer his smile may be deceiving he's a
powerhouse when it comes to the ring
oh no we've got a third competitor
what's going on here oh no he's doing
the head punch then a punch oh no it's
completely devastating he's
incapacitated and doesn't know what to
do
Calvin stare still here hanging on by a
thread kid and the crusher coming
downtown
oh and Jackson is down for the count Oh
wasteful the reversal he's got Calvin by
the legs all canons coming around the
front kick Calvin what's gonna happen
Jackson's army crawling out of here
he knows it's trouble I'm running away
from cannon
happy Sunday everyone happy happy Sunday
we're all hanging out here in the living
room anxiously awaiting two things the
Super Bowl and food that's exactly what
I was gonna say we have some ribs on the
tray ker and what are they on the
trigger just yet for their marinating
they're marinating all but smoked ribs
on the trigger is gonna be amazing can't
wait for that we're going through some
pictures as well and Jennifer found
probably one of the cutest pictures of
us and I want to show it to you we were
best friends yes we were look at that
we're just cute little kids having fun
and good buddies the terrific two
through and through everything about
that picture is terrific
especially my swimming shorts those are
90 swimming shorts if I've ever seen
them you know mom pulled that swimsuit
out one of her bins does she still have
hat oh my gosh
oh no ken and his use bribes to throw
down on Calvin he's grabbed a Tupperware
top next help he's probably gonna grab a
chair it's devastating Ellie's parents
always say if you look up the definition
of cute in the dictionary what will I
say oh I think I found a new definition
look at that handsome fella that is cute
that is so stinking cute right mom thank
you I needed some validation there can
you a smaller one that one
oh good job that looks so good
high-five Jackson oh you want more
everybody's woken up from their naps and
we are getting ready to watch at the
Super Bowl that just you're like oh no
all I know there's food I'm mom and dad
we have got some snacks for a cell wall
hanging out but this is what I think it
is a cutest there's all the kids a
little toy and they're all kind of
playing they're quite lonely lots for a
minute but it's pretty cute I didn't
Jackson's sons used to drive to the
football and he is at my foot trying to
pull off my sock and he keep saying it's
daddy's daddy's and he's trying to take
off these are daddies but mommy is
wearing them and you are not taking them
off
Oh
whose are these whose are they are they
dad's oh you thought that was so silly I
was wearing them scared it is just so
squirrely in my arms
he knows mom is in the bathtub oh he
knows mom is in the bathroom getting the
bath started oh okay all right here he
comes mom look at him go look how fast
he's going - Ellie oh my gosh not in
time no he's gonna jump right on in
there hey are you happy now that you're
in the tub are you happy now that you're
in the job you know what Ellie you're
good to give him a bath thank you so
much Calvin don't get the fish we put a
quick little pause on the game so we can
have some of these sweet smoke they are
good I know I have tasted them oh you
sneeze I did ice you snake I sneaked I
believe you wouldn't let that happen
here in this kitchen mom huh
they just guard I I shouldn't jinx
myself I really should no jinx myself
I'm not gonna say it it's 10 to 22 and
there's three minutes left
get nervous nervous Calvin's really
nervous as you can tell he's like really
nervous right now aren't you
yeah he doesn't know how the game is
gonna turn out just yet and there you
have a Peyton Manning 200 wins very cool
not gonna live I came into this thinking
that the Panthers was stomped on from
Denver but they didn't so early in the
morning Ryan left to go home back to
Colorado and I took Matt to the airport
earlier this morning we actually just
got word that he landed and tomorrow
Nate and Melanie are flying back to New
York City that's the British accent for
New York say I can't do a New York
accent so I'm not gonna okay and then oh
that's Boston I was gonna say flying
back to New York guys yeah get the
khakis what's up with these garbage
numbers guys yeah but when we've been
cleaning out our our stuff and
everything we found a bunch of Pinewood
Derby cars and I had a few yeah wait you
had one yeah oh yeah that's right yeah
that silver one yeah we found a bunch of
pime of Derby cars and it was it's fun
to reminisce and think back about that
and now Melanie's kids are doing their
Pinewood Derby cars and they're working
on a design here to take back with them
because mom is known to be the best
Pinewood Derby woodcutter outter in the
world many a pinewood derby car you have
cut haven't you not even your own kids
right people in scouts and everything
yep for years and years I've cut this
guy is a troublemaker you're causing
trouble aren't you
he did just the craziest cutest thing
ever
or annoying why don't you talk hey guys
Jackson to bed the kids events to be
really well together at night well I'll
go get really close to me all the kids
that go and they'll sleep with each
other but um Kelvin would not sleep so I
brought him out and he was crying and
then the more I got in the hallway he
he's just like I won ha ha ha I won yeah
as soon as Ellie walked out into the
hallway you just see this big smile and
Calvin and that's already been doing
it's just sitting here you're just happy
to deal with us aren't you
it's time to go to sleep it's way past
your bedtime is your bedtime and go and
sleep whatever hey do you want to end
the vlog for me we just got done
watching the movie project Almanac and I
just have to say if anyone who's
watching this vlog now comes up with
time travel please show up right now as
we're filming this okay and Calvin tells
time travel does not exist in our
audience
Calvin totally he fell asleep on me and
then he insisted on rolling over onto
his tummy so this is thank you so much
for watching I'll see you tomorrow
