good morning guys it is the start of a
great new day and the best way to start
a great Saturday is with a bow schemers
mom is making some delicious apple
skeevers and we are starting the day the
same way we did yesterday cleaning and
organizing and the junking mell is not
wasting any time and is packing the
entire hutch here with all of moms fine
china
so like we said yesterday all of the
siblings have come to Washington to help
mom and dad clean out their respective
stuff so I've gone through a bunch of my
bins that I have here Ryan's going
through a bunch of his stuff that he has
here and Matt is going through
well just a couple things that he has
here just to kind of help organize and D
junk the house and okay so a
little-known story about dad I think
maybe five times in my entire life I've
ever seen his hair messed up so this is
this is actually a really great
privilege that you get to see dad's hair
I know I'm gonna get a few lickings
after this I think he's too weak yeah
you're not feeling - I'm sorry dad I'm
sorry not having we just met through one
a Jerez of Ben's of his childhood and
Jackson found something that was his
dad's it's a little pocket watch
hopefully this keeps him entertained all
day I couldn't find the eyepiece that I
had the monocle can you open it show me
Hey open it open up the pocket watch try
it open in watch like this
Oh what time is it
Oh Halim is it oh you've gotta clicked
on that's great we've also been going
through the bins and I just found all of
the nodes that girls wrote in Junior so
I just think when the other thing we
were thinking about is like that this is
an age before text messaging so you
didn't text people you wrote notes in
between classes or you snuck them from
teachers and everything how would you
want me to open it up oh you want me to
put in your pocket there you go
and it was just so funny things that we
said hey I'm just like me if you do
comment down below not coming down
but like check it check it answer like
yes no I really like you or something
like that how funny is that
do you can't still do that in those
notes you ever got one didn't you make
maybe box I always get kids who are in
junior high school do you still do that
you so write note or do you just do like
text messages and stuff let me know in
the comments down below
kidding quite another crazy thing that I
found is an old business card of mine
when I used to work at a quilting store
showtime quilters guide in directory
this is my business card from there I
was there graphic designer when I was
like 15 years old is that weird
I used to work at a quilting store guys
look at Jackson's face his jaw is
literally dropped he's watching Monsters
Inc is like not even moving it's so
funny to me set a monster what a monster
say right oh my goodness it is time for
a quick little lunch break we all have
some lunch fruit and apple skeevers we
got some tacos burritos some crispy meat
burritos I am exhausted
I got last load I did was tiring how are
you guys feeling hungry
taking another short break from all of
the work at the house and we each have a
guitar in hand a couple hands from
sticks a little jam session the boys
it's been how long since we played
guitar together five years five years
since we've all sat down to play
together this is gonna be interesting
we're gonna set up I've got Nate is on
probably what we'll be leave guitar that
is rocking the bass rocking the bass a
thump of the bass and that is gonna play
the drums for us let's hear it okay what
do we want to start off with first warm
up a little
just started on an error on the G
this is the way the gentleman the farmer
this is the way the cow he was it you do
so much better than I do
yeehaw he always comes up to me says
yeehaw horsie died nope it's the whole
beans yeah well we made it back from
playing music and I think it was pretty
good it was pretty good there was some
time there were some parts where we
weren't too great but somewhere I
thought it was just a ton of fun
I've never played the drums like that
before and that was that was a blast
right now we have some dinner going on
the Traeger and we're having burgers
I've never had burgers like this so I
want to show you it's pretty amazing if
you look closely these burgers are
bacon-wrapped and stuffed with like
cheese onions peppers jalapenos it's
crazy and some people you know with buns
some people would feed him without buns
but this looks like a freakin sweet
burger one thing that I just noticed
that I've never really paid attention to
before is I think Jackson is definitely
right-handed I just gave him a plate of
dinner and he had the fork in his left
hand and then he switched it to his
right hand to start eating do you know
you're right-handed yeah ketchup and hot
dogs and fruit mmm pears and mandarin
oranges do you want anything else you
know what I forgot I've got some
beans those beans thank you
I think about it every
it's like I got the keys loving it is it
smiling yeah should we I don't look at
how good that is
I've never seen a hamburger look like
this before does not look amazing yes so
what we're doing good job Ryan I see
those look amazing what we're doing
right now is we're going through and
we're asking like okay do you remember
where we sat at the table when everyone
was here and I think this is where I sat
and I think Jen sat here obviously dad
sat here and mom said did you ever play
under the table of people's feet
we would do it we never were during the
prayer there were some things that we're
done beat kicked I said here can I
remember doing this you would always
lean back on your seat would you fall
well no well then Nate sit there because
he would get up and change my mother but
when you were saying prayer
it's really cute thank you we let's get
a close-up on that first homeless just
everybody find it oh happy birthday
thank you guys we did it we just filmed
a sibling tag sibling Q&A and what did
you guys think how'd it turn out it was
yeah it was it was it was okay no I'm
just kidding
it'll be it'll be up on my channel soon
we got we've filmed for probably an hour
all of these questions so I hope it
turns out great we thank you guys for
for doing that and thank you guys for
submitting some questions a lot of you
guys have been asking why all of our
siblings are here and what we're doing
we've told you that we've been deducting
the house and that is true but we're
mostly doing it because mom and dad are
moving and a big family life change is
coming that's right we're very excited
about that and after 30 years of being
in our family childhood home that's
right we're all here together to say
goodbye to this house and that's gosh
dang it this is like the third time
they've been crying today but we're
saying goodbye to this house and we're
helping mom and dad get all packed up
because they are moving so with that I
want to thank you guys so much for
watching this video be sure to give it a
big thumbs up if you guys haven't
subscribed be sure to hit that subscribe
button if you want to see a difference
perspective if you want to see a
different perspective of today go check
out Matt and Emily's channel I'll have a
link to down below and we'll see you
guys tomorrow
oh I've no I it's not for this almost
every Sunday the family would get up on
to mom and dad's bed and we would just
talk sometimes we'd watch x-files
sometimes it was too scary for me so I'd
run away but we'd all just get on this
bed and we'd we'd sit and talk as a
family and so we're going to take a
picture here on the bed because this is
this is our family right here and this
is where our family would sit and talk
and and get life lessons from mom and
dad and chat about funny things and all
of that
