we did you hear the choo-choo
good morning Jackson how are you today
choo-choo hi mommy you look pretty today
and then there's me look at my hair
isn't it glorious and all its glory and
everything not too late starting that I
am off to a late start guys we're doing
some amazing stuff today
you
you guys remember the last time Ellie
and I were here we were kind of helping
Mom and Dad be junk
things and donate a bunch of things well
well they didn't do a good job that
might be true but we've enlisted the
entire family to go through all of our
old stuff all of the stuff that we had
when we were kids and dad this is a lot
of stuff boom look at all of this stuff
and this is just from the shed in here
this was completely jam-packed full so
we're going through some old memories
we're getting rid of them we're throwing
them away we're donating them so other
people can have memories so they gave
our memory and it's fun it's fun to go
through in out with the old in with the
new one two three jump kick okay two
three oh wow
just kiddin oh I keep doing it grab
sorry okay I move the board all right
that's more garbage anyone jutsu
woohoo okay smashing down and you catch
it jung-woo jump Jackson jump let's
stand on the board and on the board and
jump jump squash it down all together
now yeah see when you've got an extreme
vertical like Nate one two three wow
that was good good bye memories dad
there go all your memories this is what
looks like a giant van full of memories
to be donated my goodness oh we have a
lot of stuff all right someone else will
like yeah oh that's right it turned off
the power doors sayonara the entire van
is now empty but we are not going home
empty-handed Matt and I got some pizza
for the whole family because it's
lunchtime and we ready to eat with all
the traveling that we do we ordered
something for Jackson to sleep and
that's really small and really cool and
we just got it in the mail we ordered it
here we're hoping to get it yesterday
but it just came today so this is what
it is
you woke up at like 4:00 and this whiny
so I went and sat by and he goes yeah
yeah this is nothing else my bad is head
uh-huh whoa whoa do you want to sleep in
your spider-man in this look it's right
here open it okay here this is the
cutest cake climb in Jackson do you like
that you can even clip these back so
there's a vent
what do you think Jackson oh do you like
it poke your head out do you like it
yeah do you want to sleep in that yeah
oh yeah there's like there's a little
pad right here
that's something it's perfect nice too
he'll be able to grow into that a little
bit look we're gonna put your spider-man
in here in a pillow would you want to
sleep in here
show me how you sleep close your eyes
what I'm excited for him here I want to
get it let me get it this is so cool
okay we all made it in here Jackson come
say hello
oh he's like I'm out of here if you get
your down who farted I think this is
when they did the arthroscopic surgery
for your hip yeah look it that is insane
I'll meet with hold on I want to make
sure there's no like genital shots look
at that isn't that crazy Wow so this is
this is looking down into my hip so
these are my two femurs look guys like a
animal right let's put spider-man in
your tent okay oh okay put spider-man in
your tent I don't think it'll really fit
but we'll make it work
you want me to help you okay let's see
oh that's the opening oh how cute we put
your pillow in here too
okay so here's your pillow and then you
crawl in there Freddie hi let me see
what Spider Man looks like oh wow
Jackson Jackson on the bus with oh the
lane on the bus with 50 back to 50 it's
about to get the rain on us where it's
dupatta picked up all through the town
this is a song that I have to see I have
to sing I have to sing this is a song
that I have to seem to get Jackson man
Jackson's in his big old 10-second app
Jackson is in his pub and his spider-man
I'm sleeping back okay Calvin is using
his knees to actually crawl come on he
look look look look I did that time fans
were doing in a way I know his law
jammies he has been using his knees
since this morning act to actually crawl
he scoots wherever he wants to go but oh
my goodness all of this stuff right here
are things from my mission in Finland
I'm like going through all the letters
and all the pictures all the note my
journal it's crazy yeah we're taking a
little break from D junking the house
and we're going back to the shooting
range that dad Ryan and I went to I'm
looking to start over to youth and blah
blah I'm vlogging anyway we're at the
shooting range and I think we could just
where we shooting 9 millimeters and suit
your 9/9 yeah so this is a this is fun
siblings that shoot together stay
together everyone has
eyes and ears protection on and we are
getting the target set up and I know
there might be a little bit of
competition I think that's what we're
going to do we all have the same targets
so we can pair against each other and I
got this one right here this battleship
because it changes colors when you shoot
it I'm kind of excited to see that but
Ryan isn't going quite frequently in his
home state of Colorado so I think he
might be the the person to beat but I
guess Melanie might be a good shot for
was it but I want to give a big thanks
to Elliott Jennifer for staying back the
kids without you guys this is people
thank you
I think the longer your beard is the
better you are it's time for battle so
Nate and I are playing battleship right
now he is red oh wait he's shooting rent
so I'm red he is green and whoever
knocks out the most ships obviously wins
so what the cool now it's my turn
players entropy before players entered
the competition
all right Lina gentlemen boys and girls
I just finished up tallying all the
points for the shooting range now I want
to make it very well known that I did
not look at any names during this tally
and I use the same scoring structure for
anyone everything
I'm sorry for everyone so please take
that with a grain of salt I have no idea
who won what or anything like that so
the pig is ready
other prizes prizes will be handshakes
high-fives and hugs from Tyson he's up
in the bathroom with cannon so the point
system that I used was if you made it in
the yellow outside of the circles you
get one point if you made it inside the
circle you get that point and if it's on
the line you get the higher of the
points pretty simple okay first person
is Melanie you congratulations you're
the first name I read off with a hundred
and fifty two points next up is mom with
two hundred and thirty three points
congratulations
next up after that is Matt with two
hundred and eighty eight points
great job that's two hundred after that
is Ryan with two hundred and ninety-six
points we were close Wow next up we have
Nate with three hundred and eight points
after that is dad with three hundred and
ten points Oh
it and then there's Jared with 370
points now like I said before I am
totally fine if anyone wants to do a
recount on this I'm not sure how it
worked but that that was the scoring
structure right there like I said if you
want to do a recount there please feel
free let's take a look take a look
alright there's already been a mistake I
am an idiot I counted forty two shots on
Norberto burger I counted forty two
shots on my paper and there's only 38
and thirty on there unless I miss one in
the doubles so no matter what the
recount says though I did actually beat
Nate in battleship that's that's where
it counts right well ladies and
gentlemen there has been a recount
you'll have to go over to mass Channel
to figure out who actually won alright
guys I think that is going to be it from
us tonight thank you so much for
watching real quick one thing a lot of
people have requested that we do a
sibling Q&A like we did on Ellie's
YouTube channel with her family so I
think that's what we're gonna do and so
what I want you guys to do is go over to
my Twitter account and I will have a
tweet there by the time this video goes
up and I want you guys to leave a
question for my family and maybe we'll
have mom and dad pop in there for a
little bit too and ask them some
questions and everything like that so go
to my Twitter ask us go ask us cook what
ask us go ask us a question and we will
make a video and we'll put it up on my
channel so make sure you subscribe to my
channel youtube.com slash Jared Meachem
go check out Matt and Emily's channel
there too especially to find out who the
real winner of the competition was today
and we'll see you guys tomorrow thanks
for watching bye
a
