one guys it is a bright and early and
you're ready to go to the airport how
are my boys yeah are you good are you
sharing with Kelvin he wants to go right
on the okay just say let's go okay we'll
be right we'll be right behind you are
you ready to go let's go
this one right here
yeah he has done this for every single
one
okay now come back and do this one right
here
okay leg one of our flight is complete
and it's a fun story
oh yeah the kids did awesome I love
traveling like everybody is always so
nice we didn't have any mark next to
each other and everyone got up and moved
like we didn't even ask there's like if
you guys want to sit next to each other
and they were just all so kind to do
that but so here's here's the fun
situation we got our tickets very last
minute to go Spokane and because of that
we didn't get a direct flight we had to
get a flight that had a layover and we
weren't planning this it just kind of
happened this way all of my siblings are
coming to Washington too and it just so
happens that my brother Max and my
brother Ryan are going to be at this
Airport right now for their layover
swell Ryan lives here in Colorado so he
doesn't Emily over but before his flight
leaves but Matt's gonna be here any
minute and my brother Ryan's gonna be
here any minute and I just kind of have
a feeling he's gonna like surprises I
come up from behind or something about
I'm so excited to see my brothers like
what a random crazy happenstance that
they're just gonna be they just don't
happen to be here at the same time and
we're having quite yeah that's weird
that's the craziest thing none of us are
on the same flights but we're going to
be here at the same time and we're going
to leave around the same time too I want
to make our final destination in Denver
because this is the coolest Airport
there's a MAC store I live a toy store
so we're going to the choice where we
met every rich brother and he did he
totally like right up behind you and I
go is really Adams I knew beard I can do
that
that's very true before the toy store
and to do wanna go play we are going to
go look around and see what things we
can push down and make a mess up ooh a
ball that's Chloe car she would go find
a car coming
do you like uncle Ryan's beard is it so
soft oh he sees mama and he's like oh
mama feels like mom's hair and redder
there it is what do you think do you
like that should daddy grow it and look
who decided to show how are you good how
are you good seeing you so I know that's
exactly what I said yeah
you are so cute which one is true my
water broke I peed my pants or Jackson
spilled juice on me not pregnant I water
could break I'm sure you guys have
guessed already and I am freezing cold
I'm wet
um good thing we packed light because I
have to go to Target anyway to go get
diapers when we get there so I guess
you're getting pants I could just watch
them at your mom's but I could also get
pants
he's got some good uncles that's all I
have to say okay we are all on separate
flights but we are all going to the same
destination Ryan will see you in a
couple hours easy convenient and ever
yes we just saw this huge dog in the
airport and everybody's being attracted
by it and I want Jackson to go Petta I
want to go pet it it has a real puppies
yeah huge I almost want this dog
 Jackson go pay him let us stand by
him you're all making plaits down wow so
friendly
Wow that is HUGE I love his face like
his face is thick you say oh I believe
it oh what a happy dog yeah Wow go pet
him
this is crazy I think a lav is our top
and this would be our second this is
awesome why do I just feel so happy
right now
because dogs make life 100% better hand
kids kids and dog
ha we're home home do you see someone up
there is that aunt Jen you say hi engine
we're just looking at the house is what
we're doing remembering remembering oh
ok let's go inside and freezing out are
you I can't fit I can fit to see you
thank you hi
Oh Jackson do you know who I am oh yeah
let's go inside Oh jeepers oh look who
it is
hi you can see because you are the
youngest half of the family is here the
most important half of the family is it
actually no no you're not included it's
Jennifer and I just it's just us
youngest three babies guys didn't know
there's Matt Melanie Nathan and Ryan
they call themselves the original four
because they were all born within I'm
not even sure how many years not two and
a half years but there's a five-year gap
between me and Matt so there's kind of
like a separation between those four and
Jennifer and I so they think they're all
high and mighty no superior being the
original four and Jennifer and I are the
caboose of the family the most important
thing we call you guys the terrific -
yes a terrific - and we don't mess
around the terrific - do we too legit to
quit too legit to want the gamma Omega
clean
I think they're all skip and I said
again um the homie Kabam
we've got two siblings in New Yorkers
they are they just landed and we are all
running into target because probably a
few of them are getting toothbrushes do
you order it stuff for the week
cuz everybody was trying to pack really
light can you find a sleeping bag which
sleeping bag do you like you like that
one that's pretty cool blue one this is
oh this one's camo oh look at this one
Jackson who's that who is that no what's
his name yeah oh it's tell me who his
name is who's that guy man say
spider-man in there spider-man doesn't
seem to really care so all of the kids
are finally together we just had a nice
meal all together as a family and now
some of the guys may not know this but
my dad is actually in a jazz band he
plays a guitar in a jazz band and so we
are at the place where they are
practicing we're going to go say hello
and give them a listen yeah there's a
basketball court there too they're still
setting up their in jazz bands so
Jackson and I are next door in the
gymnasium and we're gonna get some
energy out for Beth I personally have a
terrible headache and as soon as we get
home I am hitting a
my dad is playing in Jasmine right now
and he just killed it
called right now Holloman today it was a
very fun eventful day but we are all
tired we made it to mama daddy's house
grandma grandpa's house Wow everyone is
getting ready for bed saying good night
our babies are in bed Jared Jared is
tired so I'm going to go ahead and end
the vlog we'll see you tomorrow we were
gonna have a really fun week with
Jared's siblings so we'll see you talk
wait wait I just woke up eat a wrap I
know what I'm just gonna stay for you on
your mouth
bye we have my siblings here is the
first time we've been with together with
my siblings in my house for a long time
it's gonna be a great couple days good
we're gonna have a lot of fun okay
thanks for watching bye
