this is a record that we are breaking we
are going on a little trip and we are
only bringing one suitcase for us and
the kids we have been going and going
lately and I'm just so sick of bringing
tons and tons of stuff with us so told
you I said we have to pack extra light
plus where you beat your parents so
we'll use our watch right now they have
all that stuff there so do you guys
remember how yesterday I was like oh
yeah we're watching this fun show we're
gonna have some food and now we're gonna
pack and then edit nope we fell asleep
so we did all of that this morning it
kind of felt like home alone when
they're rushing to get to the airplane
yeah and just in case you guys were
wondering where Jackson is she's in the
garage with a glove but at least you
have a helmet on plenty your eyes look
at me
part one of our adventure is complete
drive to Salt Lake City we're here at
City Creek Ellie is going to have a
little lunch with some of her friends
from a previous job so we're going up to
meet with them and I think we're going
to do like a 15 part adventure for this
week this is part one
stay tuned for parts two through
we high-five
I'm having a lunch date with some of my
old friends I used to work in the hair
salon hi girl
we had to see each other and so long and
we wanted to get our babies together and
I wanted to catch up with them these of
babies Cooper is only like two days
older two days older than Calvin
so these babies are like the same age oh
yeah so they're just having a little
baby playdates are you having your first
Sadie playdate is that document he said
to him tell them gorgeous smile oh there
you go I brought my friends into lush
because they have to have the lush
experience where we go into Salt Lake
just surfers in here yeah and Jackson I
got you a ball tonight for you to take
it back there it's a really cool one
I'll show you guys tonight but Jackson's
gonna hold on to this because he doesn't
want to let it go and you like smelling
it huh take a bath you can take about
when we get to the hotel okay
started ah she saw me I was gonna try
and scare her you're just too good
keywords too good I was in the Apple
Store and Jackson was like mommy mommy
the Apple Store you were looking for
mama huh
you know he's been doing what he puts
his finger in the bag of the ball and
just goes oh my god
don't you get the stories like this are
you can eat the products with I think
this is the cutest view ever jokes and
just sitting there I'm so cute we have
to be at the airport bright and early at
5:00 a.m. and so we got a hotel for the
night before we go visit Jared's family
but the best thing and my most favourite
thing about a hotel is swimming
Jackson usually doesn't like to get in
the water my cheese just like runs
around and puts his feet in the hot tub
who brought lifejacket his swimming suit
and get this get this Twinner yeah boy
they both have the same swimming suits I
got them the old navy at the end of the
summer because Jackson had this soon
suit for the summer
I got him another size for the new year
it's another both machen she go let part
two of our adventure begin
yay are you ready to go swimming are you
ready to go with your match and whether
you ready to go swimming guys say yeah
my biggest concern going swimming at
hotels is that the hotel pool is closed
but we have a successful trip today you
guys having fun
boo hoo you guys are mansion looking
future Jackson yeah oh it's actually not
very hot but it's like it's like just
right yeah I brought a little toy for
Melvin
laughs
now the real fun can begin
that was super refreshing but now I'm
ready to get in the hot tub uh Calvin
you are like doing so good we grab his
toy yeah Sarah your fitness joy yes
hey is the cutest picture in the world
that's pretty stinking cute yonder they
see people over there but I want them to
look at the camera we're bowling what do
you think in you do you want to get in
he looked like a sumo wrestler right
there one two how do you not want to
jump okay bye come in right here come on
in the water's fine
remember do you remember when mom
flipped you in the water I think I start
you it's part of our intro every day
kick kick kick kick kick everything in
there and she's got to go in there he
said
do you are the win no you going
I like your skirt what do you think
I think we started
Jarett it literally is my gosh we make
oh yeah
um let's go heat just how to shower well
that was quite the experience Jackson
what do you have to say for yourself
ball yeah so that are we the only one
should we show we're like we have the
worst issues with our bowel movements
ever and it's not just the kids it's all
family while daddy is working we have to
burn off some energy before bed are you
ready yeah okay ready set go
our neighbors are gonna hate us oh you
made it to the end of the hallway
ready nope this oh I guess either way
this is fun that has a window ready set
go very much well it's just you and me
now
everyone is asleep Jackson somehow we
ended up in our bed Ellie is somehow on
the pull-out mattress I think I'm going
to have to do a little switcheroo here
later tonight it's late at night we have
to wake up at about 4:00 in the morning
to get ready for our flights and I am so
excited for our adventure this week it's
going to be so crazy I can't wait for
you to see what we're doing and
everything that's going on so be sure
you gather subscribe so you can see and
thank you so much for watching and we'll
see you tomorrow bye
you
