can we stand can we stand you wanna
stand I want to stand why I I want to
stand because I feel like I don't want
to be psycho on I don't I want I don't
want this to be as much of a bottle
episode as okay
guys it is 9:30 at night both of the
kids are in bed we had a really good day
we went and visited Boni and Jolin is
Joel's birthday but it is time for our
Sunday Q & A where we are going to stand
because of Jared's require want to stand
because I want to move around a little
bit and get my arms going to my blood
pumping a little bit while we're doing
this doing a okay I'll let you go off
with the first question we are answering
questions from our YouTube channel today
we kind of switch up between Instagram
YouTube Twitter or whatever and so first
question question of the day comes from
Julia and Julia says how long after you
move do you plan on getting a dog well I
think you know as far as like timing
goes and everything will probably wait
at least an hour maybe two hours before
we get a dog next question I would say
within six months when I have I've set
out so we will start actively looking is
within six months of it yeah absolutely
we want to be moved in we want to be
settled we want to be comfortable before
we get a dog I was just joking but I
wouldn't mind if it only took an hour
okay next question
Robby Bobby says what do you do in your
free time
I do I don't know I do a lot of things I
like playing music guitar ukulele
I like playing video games I am starting
a new thing I'm gonna try and build a
computer which is funny for me because I
love Apple computers like that's a lot
what kind of everything yeah and so
building a PC I think is gonna be
interesting but it allows me to do a lot
more stuff like well other hobbies like
streaming and playing video games so I'm
gonna do that but yeah those are kind of
my hobbies sports I'm really anxious to
watch the Super Bowl
I wasn't even filming your head I was
doing this because to tell you the truth
I was distracted I was looking at how
small Jackson was I'm so sorry they
heard you they may not have seen your
eyes though
you can go ahead and tell me your hobby
I mean I walk away with my head down I
like to clean out stuff and like under
my sinks and those things tend to get
dirty fast or clutter so I'm always like
reorganizing and re cleaning the honest
Lea stuff I like to do it kind of is
therapeutic to me I love it
next question are you on my face now
yeah okay next question is from dallara
and you laura says how did you become
friends with Cullen and Katie and Bryan
and Missy which by the way real quick I
just want to establish this I said in a
tweet DBE JC k stands for daily bumps
Ellie and Jared and Cullen and Katie
okay but we had more questions about
that than anything else I think I've
ever seen okay anyway real quick with
Brian and Missy when we had Jackson I
think they commented on what our video
and basically just said congratulations
and then we started following each other
on Twitter and Brian and I would just
tweet back and forth like kind of
pop-culture e things or like Internet
related meme things and we just found
out that we had a lot of comment and
became friends and everything like that
and then Cullen and Katie I remember
specifically I was trying to get Jackson
to bed one night and I could hear Jared
in the other room on the computer
laughing and I was just like trying to
be quiet cuz I'm getting Jacksons asleep
Jared came and sat at the foot of the
rocking chair with his computer and we
watched : Katie for probably 40 minutes
I remember that because we we had talked
about this before but I remember vividly
now sitting on the ground with and my my
legs were up on your shoulder I remember
that like because it was dark in
Jackson's room anyway you were in the
rocking chair it's that weird where you
have like this sudden realization like
oh yes that's it yeah and I remember we
wash them we laughed we ended up like
commenting on their stuff that's how I
think we first found out who Katie and
Colin work and we just instantly liked
them and
friends they are very fun Abby has a
question and she says where are you guys
traveling this year that you know of I
think for sure we're gonna do a DBE jck
summer vacay and we'll probably do that
for sure and Laura de Florida cuz that's
fun I really want to visit family I
really want to go see Matt and Emily in
Texas this year and I really want to go
to Missouri and see my sister Julie I
really I really want to take advantage
of our situation like I want to like I
feel like we do I feel like we do a lot
of things together as a family and
that's what I love is that we travel
with each other yeah and the kids but I
want to go see family absolutely Cheryl
I would love to see more fam you jerk
Jared hasn't it should go back to New
York too which is perfect because we
have family members so I would love to
go to New York I don't know what it is
but when we were there I just feel like
we didn't take advantage as much as we
could and I'd love to go back next
question
Oh how do you travel with Chico next fit
keko keko keko we just have watched a
video today cuz we washed his car seat
cover so we were watching a video on how
to put it back together and it's not
Chico its keko keko
yeah so how do you travel with it I was
flying with it and was to carry your
have for it in the airport well let me
show you oh my the car seat is very
heavy and Jarrod hates it it's big and
bulky but I've got some muscles so I
carry no we got this and it was so
expensive more expensive than you would
be for how it is kind of wobbly like it
feels kind of cheap but it works really
but it works it was like I think was
like 70 boxers I think it was close like
a hundred to be honest yeah but we've
used it we really like yeah I'll show
you what she means by kind of cheap but
it's kind of it's a universal stroller a
universal car seat Rolly thingy so you
hit this button and everyone always
comments on it when we're using it in
the airport is they think it's cool
button comes out
this is like wobbly like when you're
going but it works the car seat goes
here and just straps through the like
the harness and then you cinch it down
right here and then you just pull like
that you know and there's a big old
fatty car seat and baby in there these
are like wobbly and that's why in
yesterday's video Jackson might tipped
over is because these wheels can like go
in where it's kind of a little bit so
but it's been really helpful I have to
take it out when he's actually in the
plane seat I would never do it by myself
it's me
I'm glad you're there yeah muscles cuz I
have muscles
next question what foundation have you
been wearing lately from Ashley and
blush I have been making the well when I
use its the L'Oreal luminous velour oh
sorry
L'Oreal luminous million lashes oh you
you you know my stuff I've been wearing
the l'oreal true match foundation in the
lightest shade mixed with the Born This
Way Foundation and I've loved that and
then the blush I usually always wear I
can't think of the name do you want to
go look at it real quick
Oh hourglass I've got it it's you know
what's cool is I saw it I saw it when it
click on your head
yep the hourglass blush I have the
little palettes like a little pink one
yep and that's something that I had no
idea about so I thought I know now why
don't we see this is a good question
because some people are like we don't
live in Utah because of my family I have
to say that we don't live here because I
grew up here and this is where I forced
us to live she's holding me here against
my will
please send help Jared went to college
here and we both just knew that this is
where we would settle um wait what's the
question why don't we see Jared side of
the family parents and siblings much in
the vlogs well so we live here in Utah
all of Ellie's family members live
here in Utah and they actually we live
within everyone lives within two hours
of each other and so it's really easy to
visit and you know meet up at Ellie's
parents house my parents live in
Washington State and all of my siblings
live scattered throughout the New York
they're everywhere
yeah and so it's harder for all of us to
see each other than it is Ellie's
parents so that's why you don't see them
near as much but that is why but that is
why when you do see them we're with them
for a week yeah usually stay like a week
which by the way we just got back from
vacation but we might be seeing some of
Jared's
family all of them will tell you a
little bit more about that later very
soon so that's yeah my family is spread
out all throughout the United States
that I love them and we've had a lot of
questions before how did you guys get
Calvin to transfer from co-sleeping to
his crib well for the most part well for
the most part you were a very slow
transition in like last night he ended
up in bed with us but all of California
trip he slept on his own yep it kind of
is just up to him uh-huh I think the
teething thing is is difficult for him
right now and I figure he's a baby so
I'm just going to kind of go with the
flow of things for a while so the last
question of the night is is Calvin still
going to the chiropractor and how is his
neck doing the answer is yes he's still
going to the chiropractor we have I'm
not sure when our next appointment is
with traveling and everything we kind of
said oh well let you know when we get
back into town but his neck is doing a
lot better especially considering from
where he started from it's a long
process it's gonna take some time you
know we've been doing stretches with him
and everything like that but as he grows
as his muscles develop his necks gonna
get better and better and the
chiropractor is gonna help with that so
that is needing me he's upset okay so
we're gonna go ahead and end the Q&A
thank you guys so much for tuning in
this week and speaking of this week it's
going to be like we mentioned earlier
it's gonna be crazy so make sure you
guys tune in make sure you guys hit that
subscribe button because we're gonna
have an awesome week that's all I'm
gonna say they're gonna have an
some weeks so make sure you guys are
tuned in thank you so much for watching
thank you guys for all the support you
guys give us every single week
and we'll see you guys tomorrow bye
