one more today is the last full day of
DBE jck winter vacay yeah are you ready
to rock today yeah I don't know what
you're saying but it's really cute yeah
oh you got it on all these fun oh yeah
say DBE Jessica what's your vacay yeah
good yeah that's really close so we're
going to the little sledding hill again
today because everyone had so much from
there the kids had fun we had fun and
we've got Jeff here with us and his
family are you ready to go sledding yeah
yeah you okay I think you're just trying
to run and give me hugs you know what's
funny is I remember before we had
Jackson the thing I would look forward
to most is like the thing I was most
excited about having kids it was when I
came home from work and when my boy ran
and came into my arms I would give me a
hug and say daddy and now I have that
like that is that is a dream come true
that I have yeah do you want to know
something Jackson
you're a dream come true did you know
that now go play what a kid today is the
very last day of our winter vacation and
I'm really sad to see it come to an end
we are going to take the kids out tubing
but I have noticed a lot of comments the
same comments that you guys have been
asking so I was wanting to hopefully
answer some of them a lot of people have
been loving my lipstick this week I am
wearing the shade is called mocha and it
is from bite I got it from Sephora a lot
of people have been asking where we got
our onesies from we just ordered them on
Amazon I just searched women's adult
onesie and I brought up that marine one
a lot of people been asking where we got
our winter gear like my coat and stuff
we got it from Sports Authority so
hopefully that answers a few of your
guys's questions hey Jackson is ready
for a day - Ben let's go cut you in okay
what are you seeing one two one two
goken okay
I'm gonna go ahead and say goodbye to
you guys cuz I'm gonna go down 100 more
times of Jackson
all right Calvin is taking a nap and
we've got this a partial family affair
you ready Jackson where you going I
think he's gonna go in your back I'm
great
no thanks yeah you're Superman out and
oh the magic curse it's fun Jackson say
let's go you hanging on Jackson yeah
hanging under mama here we go
yeah Elly's got Jackson oh here they go
are they going backwards
here we go
yeah we're about to hit 600,000
subscribers on YouTube you just want to
play with water just got where you we're
having a little timeout Oh what's going
on we're just learning 10 to go just
insane Ellie this is crazy
I feel like I just every time like I'm
going to say thank you I just that's all
we really can say is thank you first
surprise just lets back to the day that
we talked with our parents now I'm like
what do you think of this like should we
jump into it and they all were positive
and supportive and it's just like that
day literally changed not our lives but
like our whole family our friends I get
changed our children like this has just
been fun I love it it has been the best
well and I think I think honestly Shea
says it the best way it's a dream come
true of something that we never even
knew was around like it's so crazy that
this is our life and this is what we do
every single day temper tantrum and all
also play ball okay go play with ollie
you see ollie go run to ollie go get all
these Jackson you waiting for him oh one
more where do we go we did it oh okay
I've got to tend to my family good job
now do this one
John Jackson now will hit start ready
set go
race race well let me hit the gas for
you
Seiko Oh Jackson you're such a good
racer your speed racer okay Jackson is
happy unsettled but we're bad but we're
all tired I think we're gonna head home
take some naps gets a treat and then we
are going to celebrate I'm glad that
everybody is now happy again and we are
just packing up getting ready we're
gonna leave in the morning something
that I have been very impressive
sometimes traveling with the kids it's
like they either don't do well or they
do really well I'm usually Jackson
Calvin always do pretty well because
they're kind of used to it
and but especially Calvin he has done so
well this week like he takes two naps
and when I put him to bed he goes to bed
at home it's usually I'll take a few
hours because he's we did we take him
out one or two or three times a night
and it's just hard but he like Jesus nap
today was like two and a half three but
like I think especially at night like he
has hit a huge milestone by just when I
blamed a bed go to bed stay to bed for a
while did he just duties I think it
helps that his tooth came in have we
even shown you guys as to no feet I
don't know if you've had a good luck
helping you can see the little white
sharp tooth right there if I definitely
think it helps that his tooth has come
through maybe that's what has been wrong
for so many weeks because you just
waiting for that to to pop through the
yeah I've been very impressed so Jared
let's get this stuff packed up then back
in the subjects in yeah
okay okay well tonight's the last night
that we're gonna be looking at those
cotton candy clouds this is one of the
most beautiful views I have ever seen it
is just gorgeous and I think the lake
melting the ice frozen like ice-covered
Lake melting it's pretty sweet it's cool
that we're here just kind of spending
time with friends and having a good time
and it's amazing to me that we had so
many milestones with these guys it's
it's fun that we have these friends that
we get to make sure these experiences
with and it's even better that we get to
share them with you guys every single
day and I said it in a tweet earlier
every day we are so grateful for each
and every one of you guys so thank you
from the bottom of our hearts you guys
make what we do possible so thank you
guys so much it's that time again it's
time for dinner and Jackson is on his
third bowl of soup for the day that is
not yeah it's amazing that to me some of
the things that Jackson will and some of
the things that Jackson won't eat
he loves oatmeal he won't eat mac and
cheese who won't eat noodles but he eats
beef stew yes
which i think is perfect I think that's
so great so we're all just him oh this
is the last supper so we've been
introducing more and more foods the
Calvin and we're kind of having on like
this interesting diet and I think it's
been working out pretty good and he
seems to really love this right here
it's just a little it's a little
licorice give me two checks say bye bye
girls say bye guys mama get me back to
bed say bye bye guys you want mom if you
look closely here in the monitor Ellie's
head is right there and Jackson is
behind the pillow and they're holding
hands like oh how cute guys that a crazy
road you're so excited that you are part
of it thank you so much for following us
on our daily life and we just want to
say thank you guys for 600,000
subscribers 1 2 3
okay can we just take it second you guys
that is the best right now yeah
that's why there's a security deposit
and we will be cleaning that yes it's
also stuck like in the lights seriously
guys thank you from the bottom of our
hearts this is changed not only Jedi's
life but our family's life is that
you've made some awesome a relationship
thank you guys so much for following us
we will see you tomorrow bye
you
