well guys today is the day today is a
very very hard day today that I have not
been looking forward to one bit
not one bit at all
today is the day that we say goodbye to
our friends Cullen and Katie oh we're
gonna have to ice it on Brian's leg
we're gonna have to scratch out the CK
on the DBE oh my gosh seriously hmm we
should because it is an annual or
semiannual like come three times a year
or whatever we're talking on the ski
lift yesterday we're going to Utah oh
yeah our next Mexican is motorhome
skiing at Utah yes for sure
we've had fun go check out Colin and
Katie especially right now Katie is
having an exciting time we're gonna find
out what they're happy prettied you guys
didn't know she's pregnant yeah
when do you find out um maybe in like
the next month there's no within the
next month you'll find out the gender
sooner we gave him an apron or anything
like Jackson and I'm ready for a boy
yeah can you give gains cracker Jackson
has been so nice to play with games and
just like he's like feeding her crackers
and she's like oh my god oh are you all
out you guys are you guys we've seen it
all up sharing and you want any hair
while we're getting ready do you want
some more crackers what are you gonna do
with them you're gonna give them to
Gaines
hey cracker Gaines it was so sweet I
don't even tell him whoever end was
funny I'm in oh yeah and you put it in
her mouth
Oh whoo okay what are you gonna do with
those so you want him right there I'm
gonna give them the game can you get one
two games next year
Hey Oh
that is the sweetest thing ever yes they
have it has been so sweet like they just
started doing we didn't even tell him to
do that's so cute come by bye hey Seth
you say miss you miss you it's Jackson
can you give Macey gains a hug give her
a hug goodbye to our bye bye ray goodbye
give my my give hugs
it's okay bye-bye he's like okay bye I
am so excited we are discussing like all
of the different like skiing things that
we only yeah falling like okay now am I
gonna am I just gonna take it easy to
get used to have an enjoyable day or am
I gonna get out of my comfort zone and
try something new I might fall but I'm
gonna try something new so tell me I'll
say I'm worried about how so I'm gonna
be tomorrow uh-huh and but I really plan
not to fall okay and not to fall sure
you can make that a part of your plan my
goal is not fall haha probably in your
head you're like I'm gonna play a little
more safe baby yeah you're like well
maybe you don't mind I want to be
adventurous I'm gonna travel adventurous
I've only gone skiing like one uh-huh
but it's in your blood but I feel like
I'll be missing at it like you know
boarding the other day for like oh you
kicked butt okay when I did go skiing I
remember I did well yeah so I think
you're gonna do great excited to go like
I'm not pregnant I can see yeah I'm so
excited and I'm gonna be right alongside
her and we're gonna get all the action
now Brian what's your game plan um I
don't want to fall either uh-huh but I
also want to have fun yeah so I'm
probably gonna fall that's the end
that's what I'm I'm not gonna fall as
many times as I did last time I'm really
good oh they're good that is good goal
that is a good goal less than top of the
hill Oh
a huge thank you to me for staying back
and taking care of the baby babies I've
got a blanket here some toys some little
treats is Mimi gonna bite you yes and
then when and then when Ryan and Missy
come to Utah we go skiing
my mom will come and she'll watch the
babies you momma's are good to take care
of us good yeah
yeah well I'll do a trip together so we
are very excited to go out and go ski
we'll come back well Fiji take care of
you this would be great
all right are you ready for this Oh
nervous I'm excited you got to take a
picture I am so excited this is the
first time that we've been on the
mountain together and we've got our
buddies with us what's up Ryan and Missy
are you guys ready for round two of
skiing oh wait you guys are taking a
picture okay
Ryan and I will take a picture Brian you
guys I'm so excited to be here with you
we've got people watching the kids it's
gonna be a lot of fun ski on ski on we
are gonna go ski and I have not been
this is the first time I've ever gone
with you and I am so excited to be doin
it is so fun egg here we are taking
Jackson oh my god it should be great
grandma grandpa can stay at the lodge
watch Calvin will take Jackson it'll be
pause oh my gosh you were just so
stinking cute look at Jennifer's
daughter you are just like in your
little outfit with your skis got off hey
good job guys you got you're just so
cute I love you you know that
dude dude it's awesome
you flew down you didn't even like that
yeah you're awesome Bailey let's see
where are they yeah good job oh don't be
nervous you're doing great you got the
kiln it Brian
coming in hot how was it man oh good job
guys
you're doing so good your pizza was ran
into me now we can go together are we
gonna let our kids do that you bet we
are we're going down for the third time
and I was telling Jarrod it feels so
good to be doing this together a lot of
times you know Jarrell go for willing
and we'll stay back with the kids
you'll go shopping and I'll stay with
the car shopping or you know Jarrod
Scott where you'll go shopping you have
the kids Jarrod's gone skiing with my
dad I want to go skiing us my dad yeah
there's a lot of things that I want to
just when we get home but it feels good
to like do a fun activity together that
we've always wanted to do we've always
wanted a ski when we are in college we
always talked about well we should take
a day and go skiing but you know we were
in college and it just it didn't work
out and yeah feels really good to like
be able to go skiing with you it's so
fun and I'm so glad I have you to do
this with we should do this more often
we shed all right guys Ellie has
graduated from the bunny hill she has
come back from breastfeeding the baby
and now
it's ready to rock and roll we're on the
mountain this time for real okay but
pair it up are you ready I'm about ready
- oh yeah
oh my gosh that I home what's probably
fit that everyone else was going down
here I went down this one right here
just super icy and super sketchy he's
kind of crazy and so you're going really
really fast but as soon as you hit that
Sun right there
it turns into complete slush and you're
going really really fast and you're just
like up drugged Lee stop oh I totally
almost it that was insane
but it looks like everyone's coming now
oh my gosh that was great
you
I feel awesome
we are doing the last run of the day
Jared's gonna go down I'm excited to do
both this little jumper
I didn't film very well if you're coming
down okay all right hey you know what
we're gonna do this a lot more so have
lots of people film and it'll be good
thanks let's go home and get a baby wait
wait wait wait wait wait what I want one
more kiss Wow
you're cute you're cute hey but I see
the bottom smell you later
Calvin ah hi buddy
oh look at him he's so happy to see you
sleep long maybe 30 minutes just off
that's about right Oh
didn't I ever fell asleep Hey Oh your
son's thinking cute we just wrapped up
an awesome day on the hill and I was
posting a the cutest picture ever of
these two boys Calvin and Finley and I
was putting in the hashtag DBE jck
winter vacay and I noticed that on
Instagram there are over 12,000 posts
that contained the hashtag DBE jck
winter vacay that blows my mind oh my
gosh that's so cool Ellie yes it is
now we just need 12,000 posts of people
saying E&J to 600k ha ha he's joking
downstairs yeah we just got back Chuck
see you too Kelly hey Dickie and daddy
hey hey heeey Oh fine
that's my boy he's so excited - can I
have a kiss yes God give me cake yeah I
love you I missed you
I thought about you I like your stinky
breath
go play we have worked up an appetite we
are hungry me me and Cassie went home
but guess who came to dip in his family
and we were just making dinner jurors
making some yummy like grilled cheese
apple bacon sandwich dancing with a
recipe yeah I went to a store and they
had oh I got some eggs on me sorry
they had Apple bacon grilled cheese
sandwiches I was like I really want to
try those it was Apple and it gets soft
well you we put the app you poo yeah you
put it all together and then you make
sandwich yeah so yeah so that's kind of
what I'm hoping I hope it taste is good
cuz that's what I'm doing anyway so
tomorrow's dinner but right now I'm
making some beef stew so I'm getting
everything kind of prep cuz I figured if
it's made tonight soup cheese you go to
the next day and I don't want to do it
tomorrow expires on last day so I
figured on I get tonight put in the
fridge we heated up tomorrow is that
sound good sounds good to me sounds good
that's good okay
oh and Calvin's right here eating an
apple slice so everybody is in their
regular sweat outfit clothes pretty much
I'm over here like next to a fireplace
in my swimming suit
I came walking in in the doorway and I
was just like I'm ready
why are you guys taking forever I want
custom hot tub before maybe weeks uh so
so we're gonna go I'll get in the hot
tub the kids are asleep dinner was
amazing
Brian and I just finished editing our
vlog except for this
yeah I didn't eat dinner tasty good
Brian of course I come in my own very
good thank you very much guys that was
very good
hey guys we are so close to 600,000
subscribers so first of all we want to
say thank you that's it blows our minds
every day so thanks thank you to each
and every one of you guys if you guys
haven't subscribed just click that
button it's completely free just let you
know whenever we put up a new video and
we'll have everyone who's been partying
with us listed down below be sure to
check them out and we'll see you guys
tomorrow okay
