good morning DB Jessica winter Becca so
what is so excited gb j ck winter Vegas
he's still gone that's impressive
actually I'm not even mad I'm in breath
le just whipped up some amazing biscuits
and gravy and we're having that yeah
it's pretty good the biscuits are a
little flat I'm guessing due to the
elevation but we're having a great
morning I am ready for the day well
Calvin you took a really really great
nap and in fact most the kids have been
doing really really great Ollie's asleep
Gaines is asleep it's this guy right
here oh you want you have an ally or you
want to play with ally Oh golly yeah he
wants to play with all I like to sleep
Jackson woke up at five o'clock this
morning and didn't go back to sleep and
we're like okay well let's we'll just
put him down for a little earlier nap he
slept for 45 minutes oh that is better
than nothing
oh no no it kind of sounded see what I
guess so Jackson we're gonna go up on
the mountain we're gonna go a little ski
in and then as soon as we get back it's
time for a nap time for round two
Jackson I'm not giving up just yet it's
time for round two for the past couple
weeks Jackson has been carrying around
one of our old cameras and he's been
like taking pictures and like pretending
the vlog you like the camera and he just
came up to me and he said if my camera
and he wants it in his pocket do you
want it in your pocket uh-oh Oh Jackson
that's a rookie mistake you're not
supposed to drop your vlogging camera
okay let me help you put in your pocket
okay you make sure the glass is on the
inside so it doesn't break when you hit
it against Oh or you turn it on there
you go bud it's in your pocket now hi
fine yeah
your camera high-five Jackson - no I'm
poor circulation so cute oh hey go play
go blog something awesome oh good
welcome to Bear Mountain hi I can't say
hi guys
okay hi this is art I know this is our
first time ever skiing together I'm so
excited
well don't we feel like horses patoot we
got here at net we go up to the ticket
booth and everything and they're like
yeah you've got about an hour left to
scheme like what the heck they close
early here I guess so
I don't know if we're gonna go skiing I
don't know so we've got two options we
hurry up and go to the next mountain or
do something entirely different
all right so this is what ended up
happening we've only got like an hour to
left of skiing and Cullen has never gone
skiing before so everyone made the
mutual decision so nice oh yeah they're
gonna let us go
I'm gonna show Cullen a thing or two
about skiing which I'm not sure if I'm
gonna be the best coach but I'm gonna do
my best and we're gonna see if we can
have a little fun it's gonna be all you
ready for this man I'm going down the
black on the right there let's do it
come say hi to me hi how are you buddy
we're going back inside okay yeah guys
oh your get your friend I know it's
gonna be so much fun
cookie all right ladies and gentlemen
I'm sitting here with Cullen better
known as c-money amongst his peers
Collin give me a rundown about that
first friend when it was tough it's a
lot tougher than it looks you're pro
well I that's that's very kind of you to
say but we'll get to my postgame
interview here okay so what do you think
you can improve on what do you think
went well um instead of just getting a
slice of pizza
I need like a extra-large cup of
toppings I think one of the things I
mean to take away from here is it's okay
to fall just as long as you get back out
Collin oh yeah yeah I mean and it's like
if you fall in have a big lump on your
arm or thigh yep ice ice is there for
the inflammation rice rest ice
circulation elevation okay okay all
right ladies gentlemen let's see how the
second half goes for color I'm sorry I
have to do this but I'm gonna film every
time we get off the ski jacket in case
something happens
cuz I know you're gonna want silly neat
but you right right oh you had me
worried there for a sec
I knew we were cutting it close by
taking one last run before they closed
but they just should I think they just
shut the lift down we're stuck that guy
saw us get on the lift right
oh geez yep we are stuck here it's been
about 15 minutes since we got stopped on
the lift no one has come down or
anything like that
luckily we're right next to a pole with
a ladder so worst-case scenario
will drop our skis and climb down that
ladder I just hope we can reach it you
know moving yeah there are a couple
things that I want to say that I want to
get off my chest first of all look how
beautiful that sense is it is gorgeous
we just missed like the best part I had
to run out to the van to get the camera
so that's thing number one thing number
two that I want to say is Cullen did
awesome on the slopes today and three I
want to say thank you to you guys for
just like letting you know
well it's Cullen last day he really
wanted to go get go skiing thank you for
watching the kids wall cullinan I did
that yeah we're gonna go again telling
you did awesome
Bryan you're gonna hate you're gonna
come on Friday with this party it's
gonna be great um my knee is a little
sore Cullen my whole body
don't don't French problems Costa pizza
and so we're gonna hop in the hot tub
real quick get our muscles relaxed and
then we'll have some dinner these two
boys have been running around the
counter us surprise for probably 15
minutes camera say hi guys that's
another thing that is probably the
cutest thing ever
Jackson has that old camera that we've
been playing with and he literally turns
it on and says hi guys and points and
says hi baby yeah it's his camera yes he
does he put he makes us put it in his
pocket and today while we were after we
were done giving him baths he said hi
mommy hi baby hi guys and then turn it
off and said buh-bye he's getting really
good at vlogging
Oh bunk Cullen was awesome enough to
bring some cool toys for the two boys
and look how giant this ball is this is
a wubble bubble ball or something like
that oh my gosh wha wah-bah-bah so we
got one for each of the boys and they
even have this like helium stuff that's
cool little one it's about to get crazy
in here guys there was a minor incident
playing with these balls here you'll
have to go check it out on Brian's
channel see what was going on oh my gosh
that one right there is filled with bad
it's filled with helium and happiness
and it got a little too happy Oh
so Maisie Gaines has a little pink one
with helium Jackson has the blue one and
all he has the green one yeah say
Jackson Q say thanks Cullen all you
think Thank You Colin say thank you good
job whoa we've got the drum line here
well I kind of feel like we're trying to
herd cats here I feel like that's what's
going on say thank you Colin Calvin has
been doing so much better with food
lately
it didn't seem like he was even really
interested in food up and even I've been
giving him some baby food he has been
calling crazy over frozen peas oh look
at in the knowledge in that picture oh
there you go got it so cold huh ooh what
do you think of those oh those are peas
peas nope
leave it there eat it
look at my chart
oh you were so happy thank you so you're
literally the month he was like he was
so happy and in the moment of sobbing
start crying he woke up from sleeping
after 30 minutes crying like I've never
heard him before and for a diaper he had
a really hard hard situation okay I'll
take I'll take it I'll change your side
vision Marlon right giving that because
with eight actually right now is what
time
Jackson woke up at 580 this morning he
was up all night and I used to work it
last a bit early today
yeah I pretty wake them up just go
Don or star jet another card it's a joke
yeah yeah yeah I've been doing some good
ideas being in this kitchen of what I
want in my house I love that they have
this stove right here and then under it
is where like the pots and pans are like
I love that so I'm going to like make a
note of this and I love how extra big
this island is like making biscuits
making things in the morning have been
really nice
good morning Colin good morning um my
eyes hurt oh yeah are you gonna go get
on an airplane today I don't know if I
can walk but yet yeah I'm gonna be an
airplane that is made out of a playing
card see it just edited the footage that
le film and I saw your snapchat I don't
snore like yours I was so tired I just I
guess when I'm super tired I just snort
yeah we're gonna miss you guys so much
wait to see you again I know already as
hopefully playlist will be well we're
still trying to figure out playlists but
maybe we'll see before that we heard it
oh my gosh intent maybe thanks so much
for watching guys be sure to check out
Colin and Katie and Brian and Missy will
have their channels link down below and
travel safe guys makes me pay for the
lessons hey no problem I hope they were
okay okay Lizzie tomorrow bye
say bye bye say good night
member
