Jackson has a monkey on him good morning
major
you found a monkey all your Krusty's are
gone okay go play
good morning guys this morning has been
a very slow restful morning I woke up
not feeling very well I'm pretty sure I
have a clogged duct and so Calvin just
took a nap I woke up from a nap and I've
been nursing him lot so hopefully I will
get feeling a lot better but now that
we're all rested our bellies are full I
think we're gonna go tubing are you
ready to go tubing down a hill we are
getting loaded up everyone is in their
snow gear because we're gonna have a
great time Mesa Kate are you ready say
yeah hi we are gonna go to this little
what does it call like it's like a a
tubing hill but there's a little more to
it than that right yeah you go down
uh-huh and then they basically carry you
back up oh so there's like an elevator a
magic carpet is that what it is
oh yes guys this is this is the ultimate
first world problem okay I have to walk
back up the hill after sweating not
anymore
okay baby what do you think have you to
go in this light we're gonna go on the
slide
we're gonna go all the way up this hill
and then we're gonna go all the way down
and we're going a little slide you
seemed a little apprehensive right now
we
hey joy didn't quite make it the whole
way huh no not quite ready yet hold on
cool
all right boys Sam Sudha
oh we crashed we crash bunny you okay
you're right
yep good job
yeah three
you
you
alright guys did everyone have a good
time Jackson say yeah we had so much fun
he even took a little no it was so great
so we're taking a little break wall
because we're taking a nap and all of us
are editing some sweet stuff here Missy
just through Brian a raspberry and I
want Missy to throw me a raspberry you
got it man that was a freaking line
drive that was a lot a little more left
in a little more letters no Photoshop
I'll be on the left of this one okay
okay oh we just wrapped an amazing
little snippet for Cullen's channel all
in this little bitty SD card that holds
some funny stuff the secrets of life so
make sure you go check out his channel
I'm gonna have a listed down below
because it's gonna be my blowin we have
the babies playin we've got dinner goin
we've got babies playing and battle in
all he's just getting ready for dinner
Jackson just had the poop of his life so
he is definitely ready for bed and oh
don't tell me you're doing it again
oh no don't tell me you're doing it
again and I just gotta get Jackson some
dinner then the kids will be fed and
they'll all be ready for bed but these
two that's just cute you play it I was
glue man could just follow him around
look let go give it another like month
looks great right he's going engages
actually been probably playing with the
babies more so than the boys because I
don't know she's like the boys are just
kind of crazy boys they're just rough
they're more content
she's likes giving things to Calvin cos
he'll like take up and play with
look she's gonna go home lay down it you
know we could just leave the babies with
you tomorrow you can babysit while we
all ski one of the biggest surprises of
this trip so far is that we haven't
gotten into the hot tub yet so we're
changing that right now we're getting in
the hot tub go get in the hot tub I'm
getting in the hot I said it's a renter
it's cold outside but we've been a hot
tub yep
I'm very excited to get into our house
because maybe the next winter lava hot
tub everything all right again in your
hahaha
I just stood up you judge I just walked
outside to take off the cover of haha oh
yes oh so cold oh my gosh oh my gosh oh
my gosh look like a sitar oh you and my
boggle and your blush we gotta end with
the handstand I can't do a handstand
okay okay yes don't forget to subscribe
to Cullen and Katie and veranda Missy
and we will talk to you guys later
we appreciate all the love and Colin oh
my leg cramp up are you serious oh no
holy cow okay bye buddy
yohko surgery some love in the comments
below shows show Jared some love because
he came with the idea what color did it
on his channel and tell him he needs to
get a strap for his camera cuz I'm about
to drop it
Jared did a really good job in losing
this one that's Brian's yeah so close to
reaching a milestone on their YouTube
channel subscribe and you'll figure it
out later
yeah what do you say
it uh what it video day y'all go I hate
what you rap
thank you so much for watching we'll do
more handstands tomorrow bye
