good morning guys the first night at the
Calvin I think everybody slept really
well the kids slept well we stayed up
light how to an enjoyable time these two
hooligans have found the toy closet and
they are just going to play with toys
until breakfast is ready
this morning is mariahs time to do
breakfast the first day to do write this
so I think he's gonna start our week off
right
cooking Brian what are you cooking for
breakfast um I hop pancakes it's like
the IHOP recipe no need to say anymore
that is amazing and you've got some
bacon going
ladies and gentlemen big thanks to our
chef for this morning Bryan Lanning for
who got in homeboy an amazing pancake
fruit bacon breakfast Ellie take a bite
let me know if you think it's amazing
Brian your pancakes
uh-oh uh-oh snow clothes are coming up
snow globes are coming out we're getting
going fat we're gonna playing snow
chicks yeah we're gonna go play in the
snow are you ready let's go get your
clothes come on hold my hand let's get
your clothes forgot the whole family
ready and they're so excited they're
just busting out the door Jackson are
you excited to go play in the snow
hey get them up the balls are you gonna
get a snowball okay go get a snowball go
go go go go go go fast how do you got
this thing yes oh are you ready to go
Calvin yeah
Jackson what are you whining about you
want to get in the air go you want me to
carry you in the air go are you hearing
this Ellie he wants to go on the I am
gonna go dad no today and I'm gonna
carry Calvin oh you are so heavy right
now yeah mommy's gonna play with Jackson
I'm gonna carry Calvin and we're gonna
have a ton of fun Bryan Bryan
are you ready god sighing very plain of
snow you won't go snowman weathers the
cold yes it's actually not bad at all
outside
I just went out
I love that we're from Utah everyone
else's I mean we're all cold but for us
it's like oh yeah we're going on solving
play hey hi do you like being outside hi
ah gimme smile yeah
all Jackson wants to do is make a
snowball and you keep saying help help
you say help help make a snowball the
snow here is a lot different from Utah
but maybe it's just cause we're like by
a lake and stuff
yes it's very icy it's warming up and
then freezing in the morning so
apparently this is Cullen's first real
experience and the snow is that true
yeah like this kind of snow we had a
blizzard in 1993 and Birmingham Alabama
and we were shut down for two and a half
months with almost two weeks no power I
had my seat in garbage bags with duct
tape around my thoughts yeah cuz that's
all we do we don't we don't have snow
stuff well so so how many inches did you
have about 300 feet so what what you're
telling me is you've never been
whitewashed you've never been tackled in
the snow you've never like had that
experience as a kid no my dad did throw
me we went to Chicago one time and I'm
kind of spring more diverts overshadows
yeah she's chunky
Chuck G in a speedo in the snow that's
that's a pretty good experience right
there okay I would say that qualifies
Ellie found a little snowboard and she's
gonna come down the little hill Oh Ellie
that was awesome
yeah
okay mama let's see it are you okay
my turn to make large and I hope it
turns out well I'm not gonna lie owner
of it what do you make n good or not
this good some gravy and chicken pot pie
chicken it otherwise so we'll see you
have the all the stuff in the fridge
right the mixes go in the oven so the
mix is in the oven and Ali said it's all
homemade and here just like 5-10 minutes
I'll put the biscuits on to this guys
are you ready to go outside okay come on
um Ollie and Jackson are gonna go
outside for a minute and play and
Jackson is waiting ever so patiently for
me I said that I would make you some hot
cocoa
so warm that up here ollie just sit sit
right here so you two just sip on your
coke go together
drink it carefully okay okay and I love
this little porch out here this deck is
so beautiful be careful with it ollie is
it good keep that's good kid you like
your RC okay these two little boys just
woke up from their naps and there's
happy as could be
now you want my job isn't so smiley
these boys are so stinking cute Calvin
look over here look smiley as babies Hey
look over here and I really don't want
Finn to walk before cows oh my gosh well
the way the rate he's going right now he
will be his ladies Ben is three months
old and he's like already sitting up
trying to get out of the rock and way
he's like doing his sit up he's like
yeah I'm just practicing he's got some
motivation he's like I've got a B Calvin
got a big Calvin baby best friends
Oh Gavin : is getting dinner ready Jared
and Brian are playing you guys have been
editing a little bit this afternoon
another play in may see gains you've
just been happy in content as ever look
at a little face she fell on the ice
algae so you're strong in flips she's
been doing oh you do flips see on this
side bye well I think this is the first
time that I'll be small so the kids are
by each other all hanging out all your
jokes were kind of in and out but all
these little babies we have so many
babies here many babies is so fun she's
like a crazy like okay what am I
supposed to do with them
they don't do me proud come on girls
let's see it
yeah Rock ow
yeah Jackson without any pants on dance
buddy yeah that's hot that's hot huh yes
another successful night at getting the
kids to sleep at a decent hour
what hey dudes mommy on the bus says shh
our kids are asleep what's going on
there wait upstairs
oh geez guys what's going on Ellie's or
something I don't know yeah I mean they
let Colin Colin made dinner tonight you
know so good like underwear like no like
cut underwear like Mulligan's elevator
we're gonna say that friends guy exactly
great about Colin like underwear like
shrimp with the tail on ants got soy
sauce it's local section soy sauce stuff
I miss it
this outfit is ruined Al's right chicken
just love it just love it Oh Oh Lester
okay here's my birthday okay it's my
birthday
for a million dollars we just wrapped up
our game what is it called say anything
oh you're adding up the score or tie for
first place yeah I think I did a good
job Kelly
and Colin oh wow I guess :
I got 13 points yeah you got threes on
everything oh my gosh we Cal enjoy it
around thought it was the person with
the lowest score wins
that's a good one guys Bryan won
I'm sorry yeah we need pie bigger
all right guys tonight's winner is shut
up all right guys guys do it okay
colonists tonight's winner thank you
very much ladies and gentlemen we
appreciate your time and consideration
with enjoying this game with us everyone
getting close here come in pulling it on
the hug harbor guys thank you so much
for watching the video be sure to give
it a big thumbs up and if you guys
haven't seen Cullen and Katie or Brian
and Missy I'll have their channels link
down below be sure to subscribe to our
Channel and their channels and we'll see
you guys tomorrow bye Jason
