it is 10a and and both of our kids are
already asleep on the way to brighten
Missy's house this morning
chuck's and came into our room this
morning at 5:30 I was like no don't wake
up so both the kids are asleep we're
gonna go pick up a little bit of
breakfast for everybody and we're gonna
start our day off right and then we're
gonna go party the cabin
all right Calvin are you ready this is
gonna be your first winter vacation with
all of our friends but you had your
summer vacation with all of us yeah are
you ready to build a snowman and have a
snowball fight and to stay up late and
guess what in the morning I'm making
waffles Jackson are you excited to go
and Maddie yeah mommy mouths exactly
Nikki mouths are you excited to go yeah
are we gonna have fun with Ollie and
Gaines and Finley and Calvin hey ollie
oh are you so excited to go on a trip
judge yeah we're gonna go on a trip are
you excited to make a snowman
I mean are you gonna have a snowball
fight with all the kids yeah that's good
fun hey give me high fives yeah
games are you ready to go on a trip and
go have some fun maybe build a snowman
oh you know what I know what's gonna
happen you and the boys are gonna have a
snowball fight and you're gonna show him
who's boss huh he say yeah say yeah yeah
look we'll get we'll get more acquainted
we'll have some more fun
high-five all right guys we have all
right guys we have a two-hour drive
ahead of us and I think you probably
don't want to be in the car that long
that's a long vlog yeah so we're just
gonna make this we're gonna make this
pretty quick are you ready for this yes
one two three oh my gosh we are here we
made it we're at the cabin we're excited
and beautiful look at that this we all
sit on the patio I wonder if we can go
ice fishing
let's grab some fun boys they found
their beds
don't say I found games is gonna sleep
here so no two boys
it sounds like a great plan yeah talk to
your neck she's going to over another
good say hello camera say what's up hey
MA Hey who is it game say hello games in
one well she's got a high back I think
you should dump her no game tape hello
okay since they love you by telling by
Bernie Lord we're gonna be good check so
what you're doing buddy you got a
snowball yeah
Jackson is out here playing in the snow
and what he's been doing for the last
like 10 minutes is he'll take a snowball
from right there and just throw it under
the tiny little opening okay throw it
again yeah Ali's here too
can you throw it out underneath throw it
underneath whoo whoo good job Jackson
let's do it again
yeah little bit jealous
little bit jealous right now
there's number one there's number two
there she goes
dude that is so sad oh yeah not that you
did oh yeah when I go down a little
there yeah look at that yeah an airplane
Jackson should we get one of those
someday
Ellie Ellie Ellie I just came to take a
picture we should go get one of those
those are so fun aren't they so fun we
just got back from the grocery store and
I want to show you guys and everyone
else something that Ellie and I did for
the trip it's kind of silly it might be
a little weird to some people but I
think it's a lot of fun and Ellie and I
had a good time doing it
so without further ado here it is yes
right here okay this contains it is a
vacuum-sealed bag and it contains some
fun stuff hashtag DBE jck winter
vacation it up I just think it's kind of
funny right it's kind of cool
I've got hoodies I've got t-shirts we've
got onesies or that's a little Gaines
hoodie and some onesies for the kids
right is that kind of fun I know it's
probably weird but I think it's so cool
so what I'm gonna do now is I'm gonna go
downstairs show it to everyone and see
what they think we are all bringing in
the food that we all just bought we all
just bought like a few carts yeah
where's the food
yeah we're here to stay we don't need to
go anywhere
should we just put the next week here is
play you're gonna have fun
are you ready are you ready to play now
you shut the door for me close your eyes
okay let's see what they look like Jared
had it made it's got a play button DBE
jck Quinton Beck yeah something - I'm
happy with it is that IQ it's good it's
okay much fun oh yeah Macey games has a
little bit fun that is adorable
okay then in the back it has a little
tank tops and Cedars yes picnic oh we
got Florida you can't get us all to some
the cupboards are filling out treats
lunches breakfast Missy and Kate either
missing Katie or unloading everything
and this is the fridge it is filling up
as well you got me fruits vegetables
juices this is so yummy
he was belly laughing harder than I've
ever had him do it
Betty always that dude is that ready set
hey get you get your vacations you're on
oh I got a poopy diaper to change I just
checked it never took a dive with your
finger good job Jackson okay that was
our attempt to get a thumbnail picture
of everyone wearing their t-shirts and
hoodies yeah represent okay here there's
a blueberry just for you buddy Oh should
we have a countertop dance party Oh baby
yeah good job Oh Oh spinning spinning
spinning spinning spinning oh yeah okay
guys we were on the second floor this is
where Jackson is going to be sleeping on
the bunk bed he loves it that's where
he's gonna sleep Maisie Gaines is going
to be in here somewhere as well too and
then this is where our room is you walk
in and it's beautiful it's a room Calvin
will be sleeping there I have our
suitcases here I feel like it's kind of
blurry and this is where I just put some
of our clothes in there we have a huge
hamper pile right there and then you
walk in the bathroom this is our
bathroom all the kids is little stuff is
right here we have a really nice tub and
shower and then Hulu this is where all
of our stuff is our makeup chair stuff
to get ready with this is going to be a
very very fun week we're excited the
kids are all getting ready for bed
Jackson's in the shower he usually
doesn't like showering him and all
you're playing with toys and stuff so
Jarek Jarek you tried to get him out but
he's loving it so he's going to go to
bed
extra extra light because he's playing
I'm going to go ahead and get Calvin to
bed the fridge is full our tummies are
full babies are in bed the boys are
start and they're editing for the night
granting all that we do this is so punch
cameras giggles oh I was thinking today
it's a good thing we all have our own
bathrooms because I don't think anybody
fucks up for free we're all traveling
and you know we go you're a jewel now my
family's the worst of the rivers here
the other thing that I think is just
absolutely credibly amazing both of our
kids right now are asleep at the same
time or dancing earlier we were dancing
because we're awesome yes all of that we
literally were dancing because that one
never happens we are so excited what
take and come with us and we can find a
camera so we'll dance right now is
really exciting all right guys we are
playing a fun game of reverse charades
or something like that and so Missy and
Ellie are aren't acting I had a change
on this diaper
literally she got down on the floor it
was it was a sight to see okay you guys
are gonna go and then we'll see with the
score okay ready
don't forget to flip the timer okay
Ready Steady Go picture photo shoot take
it a bigger photographer oh I should
resign Shh Wow what is that
tornado hurricane yeah good job that's
amazing we are going to be playing this
game a little bit more hey guys stay
tuned because this week is going to be
so awesome on the hashtag DBE jck winter
vacay make sure you guys are subscribed
to us so you can see everything that's
going on this week also make sure you're
subscribed to Bryan and Missy and Cullen
and
ha ha take that rewind it back and we'll
see you guys in tomorrow's video bye
