yes jug goes rubbing lotion on grandma's
face - grandma just rub lotion on you
yes the kids actually slept pretty good
last night Calvin did really great I was
very happy was help then I turned out
yeah actually it was not too bad was it
yeah it was awesome we got it they
caught a party for a little bit we got a
party for a little bit last night was
fun
Jared we got home late we ordered some
food me and mom sat on the bed while the
kids were sleeping whispering the ate
food together we had a cookie it was
really fun
her excited for the day
grandma thank you so much for everything
we appreciate you guys were saying bye
to Grandma thank you thank you so much
yes absolutely fly safe bye bye see ya
take care
CJ I believe in his name is always
cousin he's been playing with Jackson or
or running after him this is so fun it
is so fun he has friends wherever he
goes hey you are so good with the kids
he wanted to go to the to see the
basketball game I see you are does your
Apple Jacks Jack Jackson and I we've
been running up and down the hallways
looking out the window hanging out doing
piggyback rides I'm just getting ready
to go say hi Missy we are parting ways
with the family goodbye sweetie
yeah okay cry same bye guys Ryan said it
best hashtag mom liked the hashtag mom
life this is a full capacity I guess
we're missing one see right here so
we've got eight seats but almost all of
them are full I've got two breastfeeding
babies back here and you've got to rest
on and on that's perfect on and off and
make sure they're both happy while we're
driving
that's an awesome you're awesome okay
these girls are headed home to play with
the kids and have a little mom time and
the guys are going to the recording
studio are you ready for this Han I
don't even know what we're doing there
you go that is a gold car break single
dude that's so sweet like there's like
I'm gonna see if I can zoom in there
like gold specks enough outside peanut
butter tops and jelly
look at that guy so we are in separate
cars I'm obviously with Cullen Brian is
with Jeffrey and the other Jared and his
wife and we are driving to the recording
studio to have some fun but we have no
idea where they are
we've been following the Google Maps and
the Apple Maps Cole and I both have them
pulled up separately and they want a
completely different direction we're
like we're going to stay true to the
road this is after doing like for you
turns following them yes yeah we're like
okay we're not following them anymore
we're going to go the the map route so
we'll see who gets there first well we
finally made it here and with the race
I'm gonna say it's inconclusive because
they gave us the wrong address and they
got here first
listen I'm using my phone because I do
not know where the camera went so
hopefully this will be good for then
choice but right when we got here
Jackson saw the play stuff in the
backyard and he is ready to go play okay
go go back on his hand it's gone follow
me he's like 100 me and we just pulled
into this amazing studio and this is so
cool because I I've always wanted to be
in something like this just with my dad
and and just come in here and play music
with my dad and one day we'll have to do
that this is very cool you know I love
about this play area the most look there
was dedicated area he's never felt grass
before let alone fake grass you can just
sit right there and play kids are
playing I'm anxious to see what Jackson
you
it's good having gotta be crazy for you
in there you've never done that felt
that over down Feliz no I've got a
gentleman run through Finley is three
months and he is rolling over like crazy
I cannot even believe that he is Akela's
good oh that is so cute
I cannot believe he's rolling over and
they're literally buddies and then
gesture all your buddy yes and Macy
Gaines is just like content and just
like she like kind of stays back while
all he's kind of crazy and then Jackson
tags along and it's just like one big
party you have a friend now over here
well we just finished one portion of a
secret project that we're working on and
that's the weird thing with vloggers we
work on secret projects because we can't
tell you cuz we want it to be a fun
surprise but now we are heading back to
the house and we're gonna grab some
dinner and it's gonna be party on
Saturday night let's do this it's so
funny the dynamic between the different
couples like already like I come in I'm
like I am freezing I am putting on my
coat in this house
Missy is like I don't know how to turn
up the in this house coming here like it
is so hot in this house because like you
guys just always oh my gosh come put
your pants on
you guys love freezing cold rooms on
your sleeping and stuff
I love being nice and warm with a
blanket and I like it to be freezing
cold then you get all the snuggly
blankets and then you're just like
snuggle and cuddle but so that means you
like the warmth well but I like it to be
my face to be cold before you like your
face like I like the body to be warm but
my face in my head oh oh
can we take a minute and talk about how
I put two kids to bed
at the same time one you do it one baby
nurse while I help Jackson's hand skills
yeah I seriously I was in awe at myself
um and then Jackson seriously and then
Jackson had uh always woody
in a pan Jackson had Woody and Buzz in
bed and he was asleep and then he must
have pulled the string or something away
started talking and Jackson went and I
was like closed eyes he's like it was
really cute you have to be kidding me
we all are an awe and shock for watching
a few of our old Florida videos and they
just opened it Calvin oh my god
cuz I wondered my feet I don't know how
to use these kids it's just so crazy how
fast they've gotten how much fun we had
right our big into another summer trip
she was such a crazy cause she was
Calvin thing my goodness Jackson and
Ollie like this we often they've all
kind of baby Wow hey what say that all
right guys everyone's asleep so I need
to go to sleep too I want to thank you
guys so much for watching the video
today be sure to give it a big thumbs up
let it be known that's starting right
now officially DB EJC came winter vacay
starts right
member
