good morning guys today we are starting
off laughing and I am so happy that we
are we are feeding Jackson breakfast and
he just had a big bowl of oatmeal and he
overheard he overheard grandma talking
about when she was a kid when she would
have oh no a kid I was in Knight now
Oh even still today this day she would
put ice cream in her oatmeal and Jackson
said mom what's on my ice cream and
would not eat his oatmeal until he had
something inside of it I know where I
get my sweet chip so we put a little bit
tiny little whipped cream in there to
satisfy his craving cream on it oh but
thanks grandma good morning
we have the car loaded up all of our
passengers are ready to go we have a
busy are you ready to go there with
Grandma yeah we have a really busy day
in California so we've got to hurry and
get there okay are you guys ready here
we go one two three see was that fun
Jackson yeah that was so fun I think
that's the best way to travel I think
just really quick does your husband
deliver or does he deliver look at this
this is a nice minivan right this is
great okay I'm gonna get everything
loaded up you guys get loaded in the car
so we had to rent a car and we have to
fit some people in here and so I was
like let's get a minivan and going along
with last week's rental I wanted to rent
a minivan to kind of like almost like
test drive it on a big road trip type of
thing so this car that we're in right
now is a Toyota Sienna the last car we
were in was a Chrysler Town and Country
so this is fun for us it's almost like
we're test driving cars yeah face is
right here with my feet yeah it's almost
like we're getting two bonuses out of
this trip we're test driving cars - we
all got done with a little business of
life
but mom and I idle little store as we
were walking in it's over there that
little accent jewelry design we both
watched by nobody said anything in that
the very end I was like I want to keep
store mom's like I think some time so
we're going to go in a little jewelry
store I don't know we'll buy matching
earrings or something or we could go see
Ali and to else and gains ollie and
gains that's who we're going to go to
see so Calvin is taking a nap and Katie
and Missy are on their way to the same
hotel that we're in right now I am just
leaving now to go to the YouTube space
to go hang out with Brian and Cullen and
I am so excited I can't wait this is
gonna be so much fun
Jackson who are we gonna go see Oh Ollie
and say Gaines yes we're going to your
friends oh man I'm actually pretty
excited and all admit kind of nervous
because this is my very first time at
the YouTube space in Los Angeles and I
don't know it is it intimidating I'm not
sure but either way excited go knock
it's all here no oh I want to see you
anyway haha
Jackson's going to be sad I'm about to
walk into the YouTube space to catch up
with a Bryan and Cullen and see where
they are
oh my gosh this is amazing hey where's
Brian
where's Cullen I think oh we've hugged
but I'm all about the hug I'm all about
the whole thing
this is so cool dude dude this is so
cool
I'm so excited it's like what is our
life right now that's what I want us
yeah we're waist we wear sunglasses
inside this is so cool
guys it is a party and mrs. Romano she
wants us all here she's like getting her
hair done mom is being Katie when
Jackson's playing with I think all these
cousins are you all these cousin so
we're all here just kind of playing
partying talking to me you still are
when you ollie to because Jackson has
been waiting for games and Ollie all day
he's already found friends I good
tonight is so fun kelan wait till you
see my ride today you are gonna love it
let me let me do this okay
okay we were in the parking lot right
now guess which car is mine
I'm trying to think of you wait am i
warm like yeah we're warm we are warm
the minivan so minivan your eyes Cowan
is the water ladies and gentlemen the
minivan party in the rear looks like
they're gonna like staring at each
other's eyes give her a hug J hi P Kirk
McKay tomorrow when everybody warms up
more okay let your head up close your
eyes
there you go good job now we also nice
for the party we are looking good room
and purchasing feels like forever a few
years ago he and I can find me where I
want to thank you sure you look
ravishing thank you very much I
appreciate your nice compliment mom
aren't you you look good get a little
gum and lipstick on yeah this would be
so fun it'll be nice because we can go
there hang out the kids are already
really tired but we'll go for an hour
and see how the kids are and then if
grandma needs to come back and put into
bed we can what good luck is grandma
gonna come okay she can come too I think
this is so special coming into you to
space and not only going to use
we just met a bunch of people that are a
mine highlight meant effective people
and like it's an emotional but it does
Brian like we are going to a live
monster it is going to be so cool like
you can feel it
Oh God hi guys let's go get the balls
let's vary the flavor
she likes hi Holly hey you want the ball
balls he was ready to share his milk are
you know here we'll go get you a ball
Olli it looks like this is where the
kids are playing they are all running
around playing tag Jackson has friends
always hear ideas I signed your chance
this is so cool I feel so cool I like
know you personally like I'm like look
at me yes you look killer yeah seriously
this living with the lion right now is
that what you're doing we have to is not
happy to be here okay go get ready to go
to the farm
Olly are you saying hi to the crowd you
just gonna hide everybody say hi say hi
now's a girl let's give it up for Justin
back I want to make a quick announcement
guys we are at the YouTube space in Los
Angeles and we have reached full
capacity that means you guys are so
awesome you filled up every space in
here that we can she is very talented
and I can't wait for you to hear her
music heard a thousand times
ladies and gentlemen Meghan tonjes such
a nice I am so proud and honored to
announce my friends Bryan Lanning ladies
I love you
you
don't remember this wedding I don't even
hahaha like I am so proud of you
when I tell you I love the most what
aside from the sea my second favorite
your mom and sister oh really like I was
like crying because they were like it
was really cool to see your family there
and you
oh my god oh my god can I sing these
songs about my life and my family and
like I was like choking up in the middle
of songs well the power you feel the
live oh yeah sing while crying yeah
good job a good job Brian the party
let's do it
sir ain't no party like an elevator
holiday party bought a party and I mean
a party I know I've had a wonderful time
I kind of learned that at least nervous
about the situation Calvinism
we had we don't know he's in the wake
Perkins asleep and we're about to find
out I had been a little nervous because
Calvin has been waiting on you for a
long time and I haven't known if he's
needed to eat and I'm definitely ready
to feeted but grandma has
it wouldn't be close to midnight if we
weren't outside about to fly a drone I
don't know that I just saw the open area
and like freeways over there somewhere
and I just like get like a opening shot
maybe yeah I never know what I'm gonna
do with this I just love doing it it's
like a video game
Oh seriously I will probably just
spectate because I know if I were to fly
it
I would crash it into the ground how
high do you think that was up there 300
feet 200 you probably close dude that's
so crazy I gotta get me one of these
do you catch it with your teeth
dude like butter like butter that's
amazing
I gotta get me out of this cool heli
birthday maybe sweet changes your whole
perspective on the world literally
because you're 300 feet in the air
oh is that the Phantom 3 phantom 3
professional su novia doesn't well I
think that is a wrap on the night we had
such a good time Brian and the band and
awesome and we thank you guys so much
for watching the video today be sure to
check out the links I have us an
envelope
I'll see you guys tomorrow bye
