good morning guys we have had a crazy
morning in fact to whirl winds have gone
through our house first a whirlwind of
all of these crazy clothes and suitcases
cuz we're getting ready to go the second
whirlwind is a whirlwind of excitement
cuz we're gonna go out the party say
party okay Thank You Cody let's get the
suitcase and let's go
there you are
I see you someone just woke up yes so I
was thinking looking and look around I
tend to over pack a lot because I grew
up with the the the adage always bring
extra in case you fall in and usually
that meant like okay bring an extra pair
of underwear so you you know if you fall
in the water you have more underwear
usually overpack but we have a washing
machine at riding misses and at the
place that we're going huh I just pack
the kids a suitcase I had all the winter
gear swimsuits and clothes and some
diapers and we all made it work I'm like
we're packing more like heavy winter
gear than we usually do uh-huh and
that's working out so we're gonna bring
one suitcase what and I was thinking
we're gonna bring a whole ton yeah I was
thinking what if we did like the vacuums
yeah I just saw Colin and Katie are
doing like the vacuum seal stuff so we
could try that and see if that helps
I like I said before guys I am like
super interested on how people pack
stuff so if you guys have any like
suitcase packing videos you guys leave a
comment down below or tweet me or
something
I'm we are going with two suitcases one
for the kids one for us and let's try
and pack it all first and if it doesn't
we'll go okay we'll set we'll do the
space vacuum time for some fresh snips
the key to success for a toddler haircut
is a piece of candy and a movie right
and Ellie Ellie and Jackson actually
aren't do really really well Jackson's
really good at getting his hair cut
because Ellie taught him from like a
really young age just sit still and be
good and everything yeah well what kid
doesn't write but you know working in a
salon for so many years she kind of
learned a bunch of tricks and we're
doing it right now
done you're done so better look good as
you're going well that didn't last yeah
you're almost done baby yeah it's good
oh there you go that was quick just a
quick little meltdown that's all so a
question we get all the time is like how
do you store your vlogs do you keep all
of your footage and or is it just so
that you know the edited clips will we
keep all of our footage on hard drives
unedited and edited throughout the
course of our vlogging experience I have
filled up three hard drives a three
terabyte hard drive a and two five a
four and a five something like that but
and I feel like that's the best that
we've come up with so far is just
getting like external hard drives and
they have some you know pretty good ones
like a five terabyte hard drive isn't
too much for an almost a year's worth of
footage so I think I got nine months of
footage on a five I okay
are you saying bye-bye I know someone
who works here I need to say in the vibe
to them okay but we're gonna get a hard
drive and the biggest one they have I
think is five terabytes so I think I'll
just
he liked looking at TVs with Daddy yeah
that's what I thought no you see Mickey
he saw Mickey and a basketball this kid
had more than anything just to hang on
the side of the car how you having fun
Jackson now what did you can see grandma
any old person with like white hair is
grandma do you see grandma yeah so Jerry
just came home with some lunch thank you
pizza and I looked over at the groceries
now what do I see
dad must have taken Jackson grocery
shopping and Jackson must have won in
the ball department well I actually like
these he mean he doesn't have anything
like that and I saw that and he like he
looked at I was just like you know what
he said
so football basketball I was like it's
super cheap and this will be fun that I
will and he he has one little ball for
this it's right there and he'll probably
take these and throw those in there as
well he's loved this I I thought it was
fun so I did it it's more free than him
how did you Ellie look who I'm talking
to it's Bryan Lanning he had the number
one selling album on iTunes can you
believe that I'm seriously yesterday we
went shopping and we told all the girls
our core you just not fun this weekend I
was like yeah Ramona California to meet
with our cool like singer friend who has
a number-one album on iTunes and they
all flipped out so we did tell them all
about it
oh my gosh that's so fun
Jackson you got your haircut and camera
now it's my turn to get mine cut are you
ready for this Ellie well what do you
guys think does it look pretty good I
think so Ellie good job as usual this
kid is just like so smiley right now
oh there's Suns right in your eyes this
Gucci it's Gucci there you go hey smiley
hey smiley Riley oh why are you so
smiley today is it cuz you missed me
during your nap okay I missed you so
here's the situation I have all of my
snow gear in this bag and I guess this
one does not have a vacuum thing the air
just pushes out that one has a vacuum
thing this one doesn't so I'm not sure
how effective this one's gonna be but
I'm gonna try it
excuse me so a good comparison is we
basically went from that to that so
that's not too bad I think that's a good
amount of space okay we have some vlog
exception going go just through angle
that's the baby oh you're not quite
filming guys it is six o'clock and we
have been getting ready all day we've
been all the boys got haircuts I did
Monday y'all's Calvin has been sleeping
a lot today and he has not been eating
very much he is just in the middle of
breaking his very first tooth it's just
kind of been a crazy day of just packing
and we just it's like a whirlwind like
the house is clean we're packing it's
messy it's clean it's messy it's like
we're just packing for a really long
trip so it's just been a big busy day
hasn't it yes Jackson what are you doing
oh my gosh
Jackson just filled filled filled my
shoes stop it did you just fill that up
I wanna film it yep push the red button
where's the baby
now where's you where's Jackson turn
around
Jackson anything a picture of you is
you're so cute we have made huge
progress have you ever gotten up there
on your own this summer you were gonna
have a helmet and you are gonna sit with
daddy you may sit in front so you hold
you actually but or I'll sit there and
hold your daddy I'll set this do I get
down
okay I think it's about time we go yeah
it's time to go riding them Jackson come
show Calvin how to walk
come show Calvin how to walk there you
go well guys we have a very early
morning we are gonna go ahead and say
goodbye
we've gotta catch a flight and then we
got another party for you to come party
with us Monica Verde
cuz there ain't no party without the mom
party
mom's gonna make sure we make sure we
stay behaved okay are you gonna be the
chaperone
Oh we'll see you tomorrow thanks for
watching bye
I can't believe we came out walking with
all of those on grandpa's had that had a
long time
