so you get home at 1:00 and you wake up
and edit you decide let's get a sitter
and let's go to lunch
yep what makes you think it's okay to
forget the SD card
oh no I forget it
we went out today and totally forgot the
SD card oh thank you that's very kind of
you thank you thanks guys so we were out
and about today and we were doing some
fun stuff and I totally left the SD card
in the computer at home total blog
that's okay to experience sure than I am
we had a little date we went to lunch
we're just going around the store kind
of hanging out taking an advantage of
having a sitter and we are getting ready
for our charcoal and you twit
I think that looks good that's why you
wear to a party now
well mrs. so it really doesn't matter I
told her I thought to a party
what about no this no no what about to
you hair and eyebrows this to a party
yeah that would look good you look
handsome yeah I do it yeah I like it
we made sure to tell the people checking
us out go check out Brian and his EP he
was number one who was above Adele hello
number one Brian we were so happy for
you he was so happy to see you I heard
that he said that that dead dead nah
did he or did he say mum mum when
yesterday when you were holding him
did you hear him yeah yeah no I know
right I'm like so excited our original
plan was to get the cars oil change as a
family because that's what
do together they get the oil changed
right Jackson but then I thought you
know it would probably be more fun if
Ellie and Jackson Jackson more fun okay
Jackson really really wanted to go see
Cody so we thought it'd be more fun if
Jackson and Mama went and played with
Cody do you wanna go play with Cody oh
and uncle Joel we've kind of been gone
all morning we got the part he really
thought we're gonna go see Cody
and I was like let's just go play with
Cody and you go do the oil change
Chapman all right so Ellie's gonna go
play and I am going to take Calvin and
get the oil change that's great love you
how about Calvin I thought there's
master dress if you want
I'm totally gonna do the nude so Bonnie
comes to my house and let me just share
things like I'm gonna paint my nails
tonight with the shellac stuff so I need
you neutral and then this will match my
dress for the party I feel like this is
a Kardashian color for sure I cannot
wait yeah Boston just told Jackson no no
for climbing yeah we yeah we don't climb
over that's scary Dean just say yeah it
really is scary no no no on your bottom
yeah no and I said do you guys know how
sometimes you guys are naughty yeah well
one time your mommy was naughty I was
really really naughty and this is some
offense and I don't hate on your bud
Jackson uncle Zhu is downstairs that's
right uncle Keith I don't even have a
recollection of doing I don't know why I
did this
bonnie was really naughty I was wearing
a shirt over my pants one time walking
around the house like this and she
stopped right in front of the stairs and
so what did your mommy do she pushed me
and I I rolled and tumbled and rolled
and tumbled all the way down I remember
I was like
I wasn't even that hurt I was just
rolling and I like laid in bed and dad
it says a lot when dad comes downstairs
and you'd like are you okay cuz it
usually was like are you bleeding
no you're fine he was like talking to me
through the hear vests the last 10
minutes you have to say I love you or I
won't let go say I love you Jackson say
I say sit I go get I've had enough
Jackson look behind you hey I'm right
here
was I talking to you through the heater
vent yeah I say I said hi okay should we
get our kiddos to bed yes we have so
much to do tonight because we're gonna
work together and we're going to be a
team and it's gonna be awesome it can't
be great it's gonna be great it's gonna
be great
jack says it's time for bed want me to
lay with you hey that was a struggle
Ellie where'd you go what thought she
was down here in the kitchen both kids
are finally in bed and asleep Calvin was
a pill tonight I had to lay with him
twice rocking him and then basically
throwing myself on his body in the crib
until he finally fell asleep now I'm so
tired I am ready for bed it's official
let it be known that Ellie and I are
working our tails off to get ready for
DBE jcq winter vacay our house is a
complete disaster right now we are going
through like all of our winter clothes
right now to get ready for this trip
because it's gonna be awesome I will
have you know I was ready for bed and
Jared said Lilly get dressed
oh you threw a robe on and I said no I
clocked out for the day you don't get to
clock out for the day we have an end of
the vlog yet Ellie and I want you to be
a part of us ending the vlog especially
when you get a one a brand-new onesie
and I want to look at it but I love it
it's pretty cute
now I'm one what were you doing with
your eyeball I doesn't hurt when you do
they just wash my face and I always take
a q-tip and kind of clean the mascara
under my eyes you were doing it worse
than that sometimes there's like mascara
like stuff in the inside so I go like
this and I'll take this oh and see I
wear contacts and I'm just like that
looks like it hurts really bad Oh anyway
Ellie has a new onesie and I really like
it I have another question for you Ellie
what on a scale of 1 to done how ready
are we for leaving for when our DBE jck
one - we've got a long ways to go after
ready we got haircuts to do cleaning up
to do packing to do driving down at moms
like who got to go well and the thing is
like we've been so we were so busy today
doing like so many things like from the
very start of the day I'm like gosh I
started our date no it did not
we have lots this morning you know to do
and I'm like gosh we did so much but we
haven't even scratched the surface so
tomorrow is a new day we're gonna get a
ton of stuff done and it's gonna be
awesome so we can party with our friends
at Bryan's EP release party and then the
DBE jcq a winter vacay thank you guys so
much for watching
we'll see you tomorrow bye
