good morning guys we are on day two of
our shoots I thought this is a good
mythical morning good mythical morning
that's we made it all the way down here
and I couldn't go without saying hello
to my awesome newlywed buddies yes we
are how's it going Aspen and Parker oh
it's so good to see you guys it is cold
today oh my gosh isn't it supposed to be
like 80 degrees year-round here that's
what I that's right nah yeah seriously
I've actually got some snow in sight so
yeah like way up on the mountains over
there hey how was Cabo it was great good
good bonfire well I'm glad you're home
so we can see each other and embrace
each other
we are just about ready to shoot and I
want to show you everything but I can't
but we're using the hoverboards if that
helps you guess a little bit I'm looking
over here at Aspen and you know what you
remind me of you remind me of like and
don't don't don't make fun of me but you
remind me of like a soccer mom on the
sideline like it's so true cuz you're
like sitting over on the sidelines like
maybe like orange slices after the game
and some Capri Suns oh look we've got
some orange juice I just thought it was
funny I was like oh my gosh this is
totally like reminiscent of when I was
playing sports mom and I went into town
today and we are just looking around and
this is making me very excited to start
building our house is the whole
decorating process I'm excited to get a
king-size bed this is actually kind of a
cute setup how they have it up that's
really fun and nice I like the light I
don't even think I have a style I think
I just like everything I was telling mom
I could do my home kind of like heavy
and woodsy and bulky or I could do
something more like what a Z Gallerie
has it is like light and fresh and
dainty it's there's just so many options
and I have no idea what to do so it's
kind of fun to look around to see how
other stores have their stuff set up
like I love this it's really a nice wood
entry table or when I want something a
little more dainty R I have no idea
I like both maybe I'll get to entry
tables there is a skate park right next
to where we were filming so we thought
like why not let's take the hoverboards
and try the skate park I think probably
the hardest part will be getting over
this gap here jump it nice dude that was
sick Oh got it oh man I should be in the
X Games it's finally happening
oh I can't believe he did it it finally
happened
well anticlimactic Jackson loves playing
with dice and stacking him and today oh
he found a sucker yeah he went through
my first um he has been taking the pop
in the back bringing it in stat and
lining it up he's done that a few times
already to say I think it's funny oh
that one's not drinkable you should get
too much you should the pop too much
you found a sucker what kind is that let
me see oh that looks yummy
go eat in the kitchen let's go holy
Toledo compadre wrapped up on another
shoot and Steven you can come in are we
ready what your gold you are goals guys
did you have fun today it was intense I
was just like we've been doing this for
like a month
we were just the Brotherhood strong bye
thanks so much
hey Stuart how are you feeling man you
doing okay Parker you doing all right
hanging in there dude it's just a
pleasure to work with you Jared gift
which I do let's get on twitter a madden
about hiring someone to vlog for you
what would that be like it's just like
following me around yeah documentary
style you know have you seen The Truman
Show yes well they have cameras all
around and everything I was thinking
about having a few people do that for me
and just like live my life yeah behind
the lens
so like vlog how you normally would I'm
gonna be holding for you it's are you
gonna be able to do it wait no don't oh
it's just Jim well Jim Carrey yeah it is
white but I don't think all the truman
show the true
but his wife was an actress yeah because
she knew he knows and that's really sad
I mean note if your spouse was doing
that Wow how would you feel knowing that
you're you know what if you are The
Truman Show exception brothers don't
shake hands
we'll see you soon and tell Aspen I said
hello until Aspen and you that Ellie
says hello and she's really sorry she
can be here to embrace you will do hey
that's coming from here and from her
heart all right yeah hey you tell Ellie
that we missed her well-well handle we
wholly see her soon do you hear that you
hear that I miss the two little babies
oh I miss him I just I just got off the
phone with Ellie and Jackson was in the
back fashion hi dad hi dad
I took the dad Oh dad I was just like
I'm being serious this camera guy he's
like so I want to tell you in about a
month you are gonna see why I hate more
than anything in the world this this
hole right here dude Oh
oh my gosh that's not just a hole that's
like a it's like a gopher hole do you
see that I'm afraid to like stick my
hand in there I hate that hole more than
anything you'll find out why and like
what you guys won't hate that hole
you'll probably think that he'll think
that whole area ever hey thanks man Sean
you're doing the good-good work with
everything yeah hey st. George Airport
and go to LAX the world figured hey it
was good seeing you though thanks for
hanging out oh we're you Telegraph thank
you go give her kiss give her a kiss
thank you for letting me play and put
all your toys oh good boy
okay thanks for coming to stay well come
again
say bye Calvin say I learned to talk and
I brought to your house he has a tooth
if you can see it right there it's I
feel it right there
any day it'll be popped out and it'll be
one big tooth cuz I have some bad news
you may remember when Joel and I went
snowboarding and we built this little
contraption here that you put on your
head and it spins independently of you
and it you're supposed to get really
cool GoPro footage we never really got
good GoPro footage out of it but I
brought you yeah I was just gonna say
you use them you the coolest vlog in the
world what is it is it Stuart edge extra
yeah okay check it out I'll have a link
to it down below like I did yesterday in
the van it broke so we were tossing it
and that's very very sad
goodbye helmet you say to wear say
bye-bye
take your sucker out say bye-bye bye-bye
let's go I can't believe I just did that
don't look at it it's disgusting I have
to work down the drain taking not
swallow it it touched your heart and got
on my mouth oh my gosh that's the worst
okay so how does anything that could
have you that's the worst
yes I've been working on this for almost
a year so I'm sitting here at Subway
eating dinner before we leave and drive
back and I have my water cup which I
want to show you because I just spit
into it and just like first no I can't
even I don't even know what I was
thinking I grabbed Dan's Cup which has
spray in it I sip it I don't swallow I
sip it I'm like it's washed he's really
good
and I'm like this water is not longer
it's bright I got all this sprayed my
mouth and I'm like crap where it's about
mine you just spit this out and I'm
running all over the store and there's
no bathroom the bathrooms are all the
way down there I'm like crap so I just
spit in my cup and I was like it finally
happens we got it we got him to drink
soda pop does that count
does that is that go against it what do
you guys think Stuart's in my favorite
healthiness the whole reason drinking
sugar it goes into your drink okay
you're okay
don't let it happen again when you are
in your car I love this I wouldn't trade
it for the world
I was it they are so close in age I love
it they talk to each other and play with
each other this is so sweet I love
Washington like talk Oh white Oh what
you want me to push you
yeah so we're driving back to northern
Utah and you got a DVD like a screen in
and we're like how can we get the next
box comes out because that would be
freaking awesome what kind of road trip
is it with how and Xbox playing in the
minivan right there's a wormhole road
trip right and so we found an HDMI port
we found a power outlet we hooked up the
freakin Xbox and we're playing added
right now while they're playing that and
I'm driving in the terrible weather
we tried playing for my parent it didn't
work out so we actually got it right
here but as soon as I put it in the
drive in it's like now you need to be
responsible human being and drive with
both have both hands on the wheel
do you want to drivers don't even want
you back here if you want to like hold
on to the steering wheel all just grab
the remote Stuart's Superman beef stew
appreciate you Steven even steven dan
you should have murdered
goodbye Nelly injured Watchers and
thanks for putting up with me over the
past few days and it's been great
see ya well baby it's been real it's
been fun but it hasn't been real fun get
out of my van right go yes I want to say
yeah I give you a ten star rating and I
would highly recommend
on a road trip ah thanks Dave and stars
I'm sure those that Yelp will appreciate
that thank you okay Dan thanks for being
the last laughing yeah we had a good
time it was fun it was good well this
road trip has been tons of fun I am the
only one left in the van and now it is
time to drive home to my sweet wife and
my sweet little kids so let's make one
more stop and we'll go home one more
pause real quick I am in the middle of
the road it's okay it's really late at
night don't worry no one's gonna hand me
anyway I just found out that my buddy
Bryan Lanning has the number one album
on iTunes like how cool is that
congratulations Bryan I am so proud and
I am so happy for you congratulations
dude if you haven't heard the album
already I'll have a link to it down
below again dude you're awesome
congratulations that's so cool
all right I am finally home so I am
going to end the vlog thank you so much
for watching today's video we had a
blast I can't wait to show you what we
have been up to the last couple days so
stay tuned for all of that be sure to
check out everyone I have listed down
below who was involved with today and
we'll see you guys tomorrow bye
