good morning guys this is very early in
the morning in fact it's still dark
outside
and I am about to go on a big adventure
Jackson you don't have to be sad that
I'm leaving
I have you don't have to be sad they
wanna do you want to do it you know okay
you can do it can't give me hugs
okay I've got to go pick up five people
do you know who they are
all right we've got about a six-hour
drive ahead of us that is six hours
until we get to our destination and I am
picking up three other youtubers and two
buddies and I'm very excited is it just
gonna be a fun road trip but we're gonna
have an adventure today and I'm very
excited so let's go pick them up good
morning Saunders welcome to the party
bus story starts with your phone call
welcome yeah so it's kind of great when
I tell my mom I'm going to go to lunch
with a friend and she asked who it is
I'm like oh I've never met her I met you
through Instagram this is my friend
Ashley Hughes which is funny because I
always refer to you as Ashley Hughes
Dodge's Ashley it's not funny
she has some really cute twin boys you
see hi they're the cutest Simon and
Cohen is they have matching everything
and Jackson was down here playing with
all their cool toys and seriously like
ran upstairs screaming and we were like
why is he crying this because he got
scared of this toy Jackson what do you
think of this he's getting old okay okay
he doesn't love it
but yeah he does not like it he came
upstairs in his life
ah it is kind of a scary thing it's okay
we'll put it away so he's just playing
with aw yeah I got a not too scary and
I'll put it away he just played us all
these really cool toys
hey Davey you wanna go for a ride let's
do it pulling up here the mountain is
huge and it is snowing like crazy when I
came in the brakes were grinding I was
sliding everywhere I literally was like
kay what house am I gonna plow into um
her husband is so sweet he's been out
there digging my car out I am actually
really scared to go home but I guess
he's gonna drive down and then I'm gonna
follow him okay I don't know we'll
figure it out we'll get out here safely
but he's you have mad driving skills hey
he's in the van how's it going
all right guys everyone take a selfie
you guys ready to do this before we head
off on our adventure today we've got to
get stopped and get fueled up with good
energy so that's why we're here at
Carl's jr. getting some breakfast that's
why this is chocolate milk do you know
okay here's here's a little tidbit and
Davie you can probably back me up on
this I'll back you up
chocolate milk is one of the best
recovery drinks that you can have do you
guys know that so a BYU use this story
yep I'm recovering awesome it's is
relative it's a pre recovery drink
because this is gonna be so crazy today
allow me Stuart let me get the door for
you guys kay let me get the door for you
guys oh okay ready ready
it's the least I could do all right you
guys we are here on location in st.
George Utah about 50 feet above the
ground no need to be worried because
we've got this chain-link fence here
right no need to worry we just saw this
thing and we're right what we're doing
today is we're actually filming just a
few videos here in Utah and we've got
shonduras we've got Stuart edge we've
got Dave we asked them if they remember
me do you guys remember me leave a
comment if you remember some amazing
things that we did in fact we've I've
hung out with all of these guys recently
we hung out doing some Christmas stuff
we had New Year's Eve at Daisy's house a
great time so we're filming some videos
we saw this or just like let's climb it
okay so we climbed it all the way up
guys are the subjects here we go wait
where okay ready three two one I'm Shawn
Jack Smith put all the toys in the truck
and then you dump on I hope you're not
taking a dump are you taking a dump on
playing with your dump truck he's not
good at stake this is about the tenth
load you've made are you gonna dump it
you like those two you came over to join
us
other than climbing that which we just
did we're here shooting a series of
videos with too much crap crap cager cut
it out we're shooting some videos with
Sean with Davy with Stuart with what's
inside say what's up what's inside it's
video dude you look so a jet we just
wrapped up an awesome shoot and now we
have some time we're gonna have some fun
we got the shotguns we got some clay
pigeons Stuart's got the thrower he's
gonna throw that clay pigeon out into
the oh wow
throw it out into the beautiful sunset
over there that's gorgeous
I am throwing for none other than Stuart
edge
alright let's throw it this is the
competition this is where it goes down
this is what's happening guys that was a
great throw you are a daredevil are we
yeah that hurts your head yeah are we
and you couldn't do your Baba Baba
he was just making Jackson I laugh cause
he was like talking he's been starting
to think that Allah yeah you have to say
get to crack up okay this is the book he
wants me to read
it's the choo-choo buck are you gonna
flip the pages daddy's working daddy was
working I'll read you a book okay okay
well we we just finished having dinner
and Shaun had to go to the bathroom so
bad that's showing that we pulled over
on the side of the road that not just
our car but also Darrell's car over
there yep
so Shaun can go pee hey Stuart I and and
there he is a successful urination
in no time all Harold had left it Thomas
back onto the tracks what's up guys
we're here in our Airbnb party and on
the hoverboards Oh Davey look at those
tricks oh my goodness you guys are
incredible
I brought the Xbox and the Wii because
we may be using them tomorrow and
Stewart and Stephen are definitely
taking advantage of that having a good
time playing Madden on the giant screen
here but I have some bad news guys
Ellie's been transferring her footage
from her day today to me for the past
three hours and I didn't get any of it
so I just had to I controlled her I'm
controlling her computer right now
recent all the footage so I might not
get any of her footage anytime soon so
I'm not sure how it's gonna work out but
we're gonna try this but we are gonna
end the vlog here and we'll see if
Ellie's footage made it into the vlog
today be sure to check out Sean's
channel he does some awesome daily but
mostly grabs on the hoverboard a few
really plumbers grabbed April and Davies
channel and then Stewart's YouTube
channel I'll have them all listed down
below they all make really great videos
on YouTube check out their links and
we'll see ya what's up
