good morning guys happy Sunday today is
the very first day that I am getting
ready for a big project and I am so
excited so I am getting ready I'm
getting all packed up getting into the
rental car today but first you know
Ellie and I are going to be apart from
each other we need to make sure that we
have two cameras well yesterday we could
not find our other camera but I just
found it and I want to show you guys who
the culprit was it was Elmo
so Ellie told you guys yesterday that we
rented a car in fact we rented a minivan
and there's two reasons why we did this
one I'm picking up five other people as
I go down to our destination tomorrow
and I'll talk about that more tomorrow
but the other reason is because Ellie
and I need to get a larger vehicle
sometime in the future whether it's
because we're going on road trips or
whether it's because we're hauling more
people or stuff but the car is not
cutting it for everything a little thing
that we're doing so we rented a minivan
to try it out to see what the space is
like to see what the features like and
everything and I'm really really excited
I'm gonna go on a really long drive with
a bunch of people so this would be a
really good test to see how it is with
the kids
I wonder right in that car that car
looks more fun we're getting ready to go
down to my mom and dads because jared is
leaving very very early in the morning
and that's right we've got the rental
car and so he's going down I'm following
in and that car looks more fun haha he's
gotten the show on for Jackson
I promise we have no intentions of
seeing these guys again we've said
goodbye to Julie like three times
especially in the vlogs really thinking
verb not gonna see you for like a year
and then honestly we're leaving in two
hours well we drove up a little earlier
so we could catch him one last there
they said their flight was at 8:00 I was
like 8:00 in the morning that's
certainly what we won't see you but it's
actually eight to nine right yeah so you
say it I just picked him up from the
crib and he was down there Craig yeah he
was he's out of it now he doesn't care I
got him
say mama he doesn't need to call for you
anymore he already has you back in the
ring who's gonna win and wrestle
he always wants ready set go good job do
you guys want to race okay let's do it
again ready set go
Jackson won by a mile
did you hear laughing what he was doing
that oh that's so cute
hey let's try again guys not that time
all of the cousins have left I came
downstairs to kind of pick up Jackson
was a no live in line he was singing
clean up clean up and he was putting all
of the crowns in this box what were you
singing Jackson you're seeing cleanup no
why what a sweet kid I think it helped
him clean up we're ready to go or take a
lantern Angelina the airport you've got
to officially say goodbye
and the more words the more present and
the more we love it it's okay we run the
band the more we love it
so we'll be anxiously awaiting the day
we get a family vehicle you know even
with me so today we actually walked a
lot more than normal and we usually do a
Q&A but we haven't done a Q&A yet so I
and I you know we told people that we
were gonna do a Q&A so we said that
would pick a few questions from Facebook
and we are going to answer them for you
know you want to start with the first
question
yeah first question is um from family
ally says hey Ellie and Jared my
question is are all four of you Jared
Ellie Jackson Kevin going to California
for Bryan's EP release or the Ellie
staying home with the kids well what do
you think Ellie do you want to come
shall we should we all go there we go we
we are all going to go and even my mom
is gonna come for a night yeah that way
we can go to the EP release yep enjoy it
party so we are going to California this
weekend to go support Brian in his new
release party and it's gonna be so much
fun we're so excited it's gonna be great
and we're gonna go to their house to see
the new park Jackson's rock garden I
think that's gonna be pretty sweet this
question is from Nicole and she said
Ellie did you plan on Co sleeping with
Calvin or did just sort of happen that
way with his personality seems like
Jackson might have had a more
independent personality as a base
totally Jackson always slept in his own
bed from day one and he liked being in
his bed um Calvin it just happened that
way and especially with breastfeeding
him further when he wakes up at night
it's easier cuz he's right there
currently he is in his own playpen right
now so it's just up and down some days
he does his crib some days he stays in
bed with us it's just kind of adjust we
adapt to the situation at hand
yes what whatever you want oh here's
another question for Ellie this is from
Elizabeth and she says Ellie what's one
thing you can suggest that's best at
keeping a clean organized home I would
definitely say pick up as you go but one
of the essentials that my mom like
always drilled in us growing up was the
dishes done and the trash is out like if
you can get the dishes done and the
trash is out it just makes everything
else seem to work a little better when
the dishes are clean like there you
don't see anything stacked up I feel
like the house is way cleaner than it is
being looking at those so you know what
I mean so I think that's that's exactly
something that I constantly do is I wake
up I make my bed we do the dishes after
we eat every time we keep up on laundry
in the trash so kinda like four things
well given the past couple of weeks the
trash gets into the garage but it
doesn't always make it out to be and the
last question that we have picked is
from Caleb and jessalyn and they say
what is your favorite memory together
before you had the boys what do you
think um I loved our huge trip to Moab
it was just me and Jared we went
horseback riding we went hiking
we slept out do we sleep out we camped
in a tent outside in a tent and it was
hotter than sin our mattress didn't even
fit our tent but we we got it in there
somehow did not get a hotel because it
was fine I was living in the adventure
we we had a lot of fun that trip one of
my favorite memories a man's place for
dinner
yes did we do that matter no it was not
it was not nice at all it was really
really bad expensive yeah it was not
good at all our steak was white it was
like pale it was an albino state he was
so bad I can't even remember where it
was but don't go there it's terrible
anyway um one of my favorite memories
and this is is this sad that this is
like one of my favorite memories but I
loved it so much Ellie and I would just
miss we would binge watch shows on
Netflix we would watch Breaking Bad
madmen and we would just sit there like
on my day off of work and we would just
watch all day it would be your one day
off of work we did order pizza and it
was so fun and we can still binge watch
from like 10:00 to midnight but it is
not as fun as like holiday I don't know
that was just those are one of our
favorite I mean you know all in all I am
so glad that we have the kids there's so
many fun memories that we had just us
together but we're creating even more
memories as a whole family and I and I
love it every single day there's a new
adventure with the kids a new exciting
moment a milestone yeah my dads are
awesome and I love it
these kids are awesome so speaking of
adventures tomorrow I am going on an
adventure so we need to wrap the vlog
because I have to be up in like four
hours okay um thank you guys so much for
watching and we will see you tomorrow
bye
