we are getting a new car today more so
I'm just renting a car it's not going to
be ours I'm Jarrod it has a little
project that he's going up to film so he
needs a car because he's going up with
on some of his buddies or driving like a
Monday I think and so he is picking up
the car right now it's a ban we're
excited because we're gonna use it
between now Monday when Jarrod leaves
just to see how we like it before
renting I might as well use it also
we're do it
good morning guys today is starting up
very exciting because we found out late
last night that we are gonna be able to
hang out with Len and Julie for one more
day one day we are so excited Joel
called us names like Jared get your
four-wheeler ready because we're about
to have some fun I'm so excited this is
like the first day I'm going to take it
out
are you excited it's time for Calvin to
eat so I think you should get off of him
nothing like doesn't even mind though
cute you're gonna make a cute give them
again Oh make it cute it is cute that
you're even sitting on and that's cute
and that make it cuter and give them a
kiss
you got your hat on cuz you're ready to
go is that right yeah uncle Joel's
outside we've just loaded up the two
four-wheelers and we're getting ready to
go we've got all our snow gear that
we're gonna get packed up Oh Mama's
getting everything ready I'm like so
giddy and it's so excited today it's so
much fun alright ladies and gentlemen
let the party begin the women have been
gracious enough to let us boys where are
you
we're gonna go take the four-wheelers
out and we're gonna go up on the
mountains gonna be a good time Wow where
did I say mountain or mountain you take
mountain oh yeah that's the thing about
Utah so you top people have a certain
accent they don't say the tea like
there's a city in Utah called Clayton
Layton Layton Layton
well you people people in Utah call it
Layton when it's Layton
Wooper Wooper upper let me say @h you
PPE onset but it's true oh yeah Cooper
Cooper anyway that's that's it
it's a Utah thing and that's why I like
some words Ellie says sounds different
and I'm kind of picking up on that
because I've been in Utah for so long so
there's a little Utah history lesson for
you before we go four-wheeling
w quiz later hey I can tell you what's
going on it is almost better very good
okay
tired we've been dancing we're gonna
play a Zumba we're gonna have a little
fun before its time dinner
this is my needs you dance I don't know
how whoa Olivia's not into it come on
this is not what you're thinking it's
very hard I can do this we just pulled
up to paradise guys look how beautiful
this is
I want to scream it from the rooftops
beautiful out here honestly like all the
way up there those Peaks that looks like
a freakin Bob Ross painting to me I just
think this is awesome beautiful we're
gonna have a great day
we've got Joe here on the four-wheeler
and landed up in here behind on the
snowboard we're gonna have this logo
action to be great all right guys on
your work when you're ready
that was a successful four-wheeling trip
what do you guys think absolutely one
thing is very apparent I am the weakest
link when it comes to snowboarding but I
think for my third time to ever
snowboarding I think that was pretty
good
not too bad and what's the verdict not
too good okay all in all it was so much
fun
and already I'm like I am so glad I got
this four-wheeler you're gonna have a
ton of fun guys
plannin you've got to move back yes come
home son come high mountains this is
more like it do our own jail
we thought you said goodbye to Julie
yesterday we actually were able to see
her today so we're saying goodbye
officially this is the official goodbye
are you leave yet
any any time we can get multiple hugs
I'm all for it so Emma pull it in to hug
harbor come on there's nothing cuter
than smile behind pinkies like that the
cutest thing ever
girls thank you that's a sixth bye baby
heading his things when you were being a
little misleading I think totally lied
to them kid huh
you had to under these circumstances and
he was like and by your face and then
I'll go get you and we were getting food
and so there was no way she was gonna
get I just got Calvin to sleep but I
made him like on the floor on a little
blanket I think kids are good all the
kids are good we got food so no it's not
but Shh but today has been so much fun
we're so glad that we were able to spend
an extra day with Landon and Julie bonny
and Joel we have so much fun and
look at this kid and look how chunky his
legs oh my gosh I know he's grown up so
fast we're just watching some TV so
we're gonna call it tonight
thank you guys so much for watching Oh
q8 where do you want to do a Q&A
tomorrow let's do a Q&A on our facebook
go to facebook.com/cnnstudentnews
