this is what I love seeing coming down
to mom and dad's house look at their
trees they're huge
oh my gosh look at all of the grandkids
they are all out your plan
grandpa Wow hi Jules this is fun we just
got here we got all our clothes on
Jackson are you ready have a party
always run towards the snow yeah I feel
bad we're late they've already started
on the new house Ellie
they've already Chris started
construction the heat I don't think you
know how snow works that way was you a
little house Tori here so this is the
entrance and this is how many square
foot do you think this is this six
thousand square feet or something we've
got the entrance right here okay oh look
we've already got some people in here
hey guys how's it going we're just
shooting a little MTV Cribs here not has
we come in this is the before yay and
we're just kind of carving it out here
making it look real good Oh
oh my gosh you guys even have a vaulted
ceiling in here my acoustics are amazing
oh my gosh custom work here you guys are
doing great this is excellent job I'll
let you get back to your work here we're
just gonna cut through and go out the
back door see where we're coming through
huh hey Lando hola Senor I'm sorry nice
knowing you
oh no you're okay oh wow it's actually
very spacious in there you know it it's
a it's six thousand square feet but it
feels like eight oh yeah you know wait
till we get the plasma screen oh my
goodness it's gonna be awesome
that's that's an awesome man cave right
daily you should see your room though
it's an it's amazing that's a big
snowball can you throw it yeah
we have this little scooter sled here I
tried it once already and I failed
miserably and I crashed but I feel like
now that I have the camera in my hand
I'm gonna do a lot better ready set go
Oh do you guys want to go
okay I'll pull yeah ready set go
was that fun guys sliding into home
plate I knew we were playing in the snow
today but I didn't know we're just
playing in the front yard and I think
that this is so fun growing up I would
come outside in my snow suit by myself
and just play in the yard or bow and
make an igloo and sleep in it and it's
just like this is like our childhood
memories and all of the grandkids are
here playing it's just so cool they're
playing over there
the adults are having just as much fun
if not more fun than the than the kids
this is what we're doing guys you're
having fun looking hard did you rest
your head on sherry look how big these
babies are to get the official igloo
shape what we've done here is we just
grabbed an old garbage can to kind of
pull it out this way so we've just got
this garbage can right oh my goodness
what's going on I didn't know this
garbage can came with a child pulls a
bag up buried all right guys what do you
think is the doorway good where's it go
- oh my goodness there are so many kids
in there there are so many kids check
sink you say igloo let's go into igloo I
want them all via RV well I was gonna
say we should have a camera set up and
yeah
fast-forward or something to happen
Oh KKK and how as we come out put back
in there and have justice
okay guys we have the igloo gone I think
all the kids like ran and huddled in
there let's go look oh my goodness
focus look at hi guys Jackson go in
there say hi come on let's go here
follow me Jackson hi this is it everyone
say hello
I can't believe if there's so many
people in this igloo this is so fun guys
hi Calvin Jackson is holding the shovel
that's like miniature size but it
actually is really special
it was my shovel growing up that I used
to pick up the dog poop with like look
how tiny that is you know perfect for
him it's for when we hear the dog yeah
he's totally you'd pick up the food with
this shovel yeah how fun was that being
will pick up the poop oh yeah there you
go oh wow look at that entrance you sure
know how to make an entrance overcoming
it Jackson Jackson what do you think
Santa oh wow
see I'm in the igloo look in the igloo
wow they look like a little Eskimo with
your little baby wall snowball this is
so cool we are trying to gather all of
the grandkids with Grandma and Grandpa
to get a really cute picture
okay go stand next to Grandma go get
crumb on grandpa Jackson
everyone look at Uncle Bo and say
grandma farted
Jackson look here take the picture yeah
look at the camera kids I'm only getting
that dad apparently this is grandpa's
notorious face oh is that it do it again
grandpa there we go
they actually went smoother than I
thought good job guys now all the
siblings are together so we've got to
get one with mom and dad and all that
cool
this is making memories right here I'm
not sure what kind but you guys are so
cute in there try and get siblings pick
another siblings picture you guys are
awesome we may not know we may stay in
here all right the boys are all here
we're doing a little off-road adventure
here we got the four-wheeler we got a
sled we got a big all filled the snow
all right down
barrel roll yeah
you
you
you
hey Jared yeah all right kid you ate it
but that's good yeah that's gonna get
let's get right it going in eight
seconds baby in second hey second got it
we got pickled piss here I can write
more maybe
you're making it Cheyenne hey hey snow
sledding I Drive off
even though that was an extremely fast
trip seeing you yeah eyes open love
going to the wedding last night it was a
lot of fun was good to see you thanks
for driving down and welcome
it's been fun my child the house got a
little crazy but we put kids down for
naps and for our little winter vacation
I've had this coat which I love and the
not wearing right now but I have pink
snow pants that I bought the storm when
I was like 16 I remember that we do I
think I pet him forever but I cannot
button them up for the life of me and so
for our winter trip I want to go in and
find a coat and snow pants so hopefully
I find them if not I'll just keep the
ones that are really really tight I
think I found a code that I thought was
really cute the coats are so thin it's
crazy and I could get black snow pants
with it but I I've loved having colorful
snow pants I think the purple is so cute
I was like oh oh gotta check the pocket
to make sure there's a pocket for the
camera for when we're vlogging kay I've
got you guys right here you fit pretty
good good summer saw Jackson high five
high five good job le
we should get Jackson in like gymnastics
like Oliver's in it Masek Games is in it
well I this place that we go to you have
to be three years old
so to do gymnastics well in our area I
don't know at least we'll have to figure
it out but he's he's doing good honest
somersaults that's fun he's older we are
eating bean and bacon soup and this is
probably kelvins xx bean that he's
chewing on and dying on he's doing
pretty good
usually I gave him that one kind of halt
yours I kind of just squished a little
another one anyway
hey it's past your bedtime it is past
the kids as bedtime the party is done
everybody is gone we have a little
dinner did the dishes touch not over it
was forgot we're almost done we're still
party still have a few things little
party oh that looks good chocolate Oh
Jax Tom being here two seconds so I'm
gonna hurry and enjoy this before he
comes ice cream he's got a family ice
cream ice cream mommy's turn your turn
daddy's turn yeah me I think ice cream
cones we are about to end the night and
say goodbye grandpa you too little half
all these are you gonna say first we're
gonna say goodnight to you - okay come
on
see you tomorrow bye
he thinks it's funny he liked
