I think it is it I think this is the
third time's the charm
I should go to the gym hopefully the
trainer will be there Jackson's going to
come with me they have a really fun
little play area that Jax is going to
play at and today I don't really know if
I would like work out work out I think
it's more just like an assessment talk
through but let's go to the gym
Justin TGIF I find Jackson play that
little play area on an hour Wow and
while I was talking to the personal
trainer the gym is so intimidating just
so intimidating oh my goodness guys I
feel like the gym is so intimidating
like when I go and sit down and
everybody's walking in and they know
what they're doing and they scan their
card and it I just feel like the gym is
very scary and that's one of the reasons
why I wanted to meet with a fitness a
trainer a health expert and it's just to
kind of use my way into it today it was
great we did like work out we just it
was more of an assessment of my bowls
and like food and take and just
everything that I want to do and I'm
really excited to move forward and I'm
excited to work out and go to the
classes it's going to be a lot of fun
sometimes there's this really funny
moments and I want to block it
sorry to run upstairs get the camera and
we have been laughing together all
morning since he got back
Jackson ray wait
oh hi baby you took it such a good nap
today oh poor guy
hey it's okay I think you just desire
you know what Jackson my mum
you want to know something yeah do I
send her say say I love I'm reading a
book I'm reading the book don't you ever
in a room when I'm reading the book are
you reading a book yeah I just have to
get a little tickle time in before
Jackson's nap probably super
counterproductive to what we're trying
to do but that's okay now I'm going to
need some lunch
got some good lunch for you we've got a
nice piece of salmon here some quinoa
and vegetables and some v8 juice
ever since we had dinner at Mike and
Ashley's house I've we had quinoa there
and I actually really enjoyed it I can't
remember if I've had it before then but
I definitely remember that was the time
where I was like oh wow this was
actually really good so Ellie and I've
been eating that a lot lately
some quinoa and salmon here's Jackson he
has played with all his rocks I'm
surprised that has not dipped over it is
nap time oh where is he where is he
going
oh the heater vent we are going on a
date tonight no in fact it's a double
date right double date uh or is it a
beautiful date I had a double date okay
well yeah it's definitely a double a I
know it's double day so Ellie and eyes
Bonnie and Joel we have a babysitter and
we are gonna go out to dinner but Landon
and Julie are
the balls are back in town the boys are
back in town
yeah are you excited
leaving the music um Elena and Julie are
back in town because their sister well
Lana and sister have gotten married and
so we're gonna do the wedding reception
too so very excited to see them my
reception where me and you officially I
think that's the night we fell in love I
think that's not really kidding I don't
get strew like I don't think there was a
specific day where we're like I got no
one we said we loved each other by
honestly seeing that was the start of
like we knew you're mine mm-hmm so
that's that's in reference to Landon and
Julie's wedding reception now his
sister's getting married so more line
modifier find someone new 130 over go
see Cody and uncle Joel mmm um
Jackson's in his pajamas so he is all
ready for bed he still has a few hours
but we're like he might as well just go
in his pajamas yeah naughty boys oh I
love you
and I'm glad that his head is feeling
better yes yes it is
are you dizzy on the bump is like gone
yeah is that where your alley was yeah
he said that's his little owie I love it
he does this like I think I've told him
a few times I hate be quiet
please stop he's like actually quiet
when you sue okay let's go downstairs
we're on the party bus
and we're on a double date but I think
we're on a triple date right now cuz
we've got Kelvin and Olivia hey sweetie
how are ya good we are driving through
the canyon in bonny and Joel suburban
and I love this that we're going on a
long drive in their suburban because we
need to get nailed down what kind of
vehicle we want to get when we have a
big family
right right right so I'm excited to be
in the car I'm excited to go have dinner
because it's gonna be a lot of fun fun
funny you're not driving I know we don't
get a shuttle in the back very often and
so we actually talked about I was like
Joel Bonnie let me drive home on the on
the way back so you guys can have your
cuddle time in the suburban I'll lay
down the benches we are stopping at
dinner before we go to the little
reception tonight and walked into this
place and I just can't stop thief
Jackson if we were anywhere else I would
take a rock for him but I better not
take these it says no rock climbing but
I'm pretty sure we would let him this is
so cute
I think I'm ready for some cake powers
just because I that was so good
I'm ready for some wedding cake are you
okay
thanks for being my date do you guys
have fun
this is amazing the food was good the
environment time like our guy who was
hilarious he was so funny
I want to hear surprises before this on
social media you're like he made a few
jokes they were like okay yeah we won't
post that good did you have fun Olivia
wow it is whole but beautiful you can
see the moon out there this is very
beautiful it's crazy
we're going to a wedding reception I'm
so excited to eat the cake
hi Emma guys it's so good to see you
a strawberry just for me oh thank you so
much Cheers Boop
Olivia's pretty stopped in the house
like a little pretty halo halo halo halo
on her head Joey put a flower in your
hair should we do
you have a pretty halo let's see your
flower if it you want to flour 200 okay
I think someone's ready to go I love
that I'm just sitting here kicking his
legs
oh I'm just eating my mom I'm comfy I'm
relaxed kicking my legs this is so fun
well it was so fun to see him Julie and
Landon they were here for the wedding
and we're hoping to see them tomorrow do
some fun activities with the entire
family I love more than anything on the
entire families together right everyone
is very fun thank you guys so much for
watching it is the weekend it is the
start of the weekend for you guys it's
the freaking out baby I'm about to
hammies your boom thanks for watching
guys have a wonderful weekend I'll see
you tomorrow
bye
member
