that's what we're gonna go to the
dentist today oh and they're gonna clean
your mouth so we got to get dressed and
you have to run some errands with Mama
and thank you and so I have Jackson's
outfit laid out and this is a size 3 T
which is kind of big for him but I
thought it would be cute with this so we
got to get you dressed
this isn't going to be exciting his
first dentist appointment hey hey one
knows why once you gonna come it's nice
you like really good zero off getting
your money in your pocket he's so cute
okay um I'm going to take Jackson with
me into town we have to go pick up a few
things I'm gonna say and with Calvin and
when he's gonna be my edited Calvin's
asleep brain I'm feeling this head it
feels pretty good I don't it's not a
crazy big bump anymore
Oh still try and get the money in your
pocket
Oh got it
save that maybe you can buy a treat with
it I think there's your football this
one looks kind of cool gonna hold that
one he's like um let me look he wants to
get down and look you want to get down
on grab one okay
oh he wants to play for a minute hey
these are at the these are the little
race ones that's a mater oh how cute
those are cute
be happy yeah you miss dad huh can I see
a smile
thank you ball say cheese let me see
your teeth
oh that is a ball it's cool I just got
done cleaning out the kids's closet and
all the toys and these things just
weren't staying put
so I just got these little things to
close the toys in so I like that a lot
better I'm not quite sure why but I am
very excited for Jackson's dentist
appointment I think it's because like
well what do you think I feel like on a
normal day he would do extremely well I
really don't know how well he's been due
today because he is been he has a
headache yeah I didn't take a very good
nap but the reason why I mix I'm not
excited because like oh he's gonna go
and have a terrible experience because
the days I'm about I'm excited because
this is the very first time that he's
ever done something like this this is
like when he's yeah when he was younger
he experienced a lot of firsts but now
he's two years old he doesn't have that
many firsts anymore but this is his very
first trip to the dentist and I'm
excited to see how ru reacts to it what
would you say you can do it what I don't
know what you said I don't know what is
anything yeah
you had a cookie because you ate all of
your good healthy lunch and you have a
little cookie for Jesse Oh from room did
daddy start the four-wheeler outside do
you want to go for a ride
yeah he gets alone there is still okay
he probably should be eating good to me
before he does the Dead let me shed
whatever that's why he's going to the
dentist to get it cleaned right you
excited to go to the dentist he yea
cookie we gotta practice they ahh
open your mouth real big and say ah good
ha ha ha
we're gonna go to the dentist and
they're gonna clean your teeth I'm gonna
say brush brush brush brush brush can
you brush your teeth excited excited
let's go Jackson look at this Bevin is
this what you get a lay on gonna lay on
the bed yeah you see the other colors
this is such a cute dentist office with
all the colors on they even have TV
watchin do you like baymax
look Jackson I have a toothbrush for you
you can take that home with you
thank you and look this is my toothbrush
do you see my toothbrush here it's super
squishy can you say squishy goosey do
you want to feel it with your fingers
can you feel how squishy that is huh
that feels fun huh listen it kind of
sounds like a motorcycle really see how
it spins in a circle it's so tickly you
want to feel it tickle tickle tickle
tickle
does that tickle your finger this helps
me tickle your teeth should we try
tickling a tooth here let's take a
little bit but here let's put your head
down we're just gonna brush her teeth
off my bubbles we just every night -
brush brush brush brush brush brush
special good job buddy
you're doing it okay yeah okay now look
what's floss this is super easy do you
want to hold it it goes like this
one two Hey and cleans in between your
teeth if you try it
ah good job can you say ah ah what
practice this and I can you see ah ah
we're almost done you're doing so so
good let's finish and then we'll get you
a price good job just a couple more
look over here Jax can we see again oh
good job almost done just a couple more
we also have stickers but do you want to
get a super
that's your interest yeah there we go
Kate three more can we count to three
one two one more for a minute you see
that um these are those eyes slice let's
give him some eyes does that look like
Daddy I'm good
so let me show you what we're gonna do
here we have this little mirror see my
hair and I say open ye go ah ah and then
we take our merely look inside and go
one two three four one two three four
five six seven eight good job you know
we need to get a little light in there
so if you can help me we'll just have
him face you with one leg under mine
back here good job
should we do one two three four look
there's the way see one by one um and do
you know a little song I bet you do
usually sing at temples do you want to
sing the temple song which temple
soldier say I love to see the I'm going
there someday to feel the holy spirit to
this man and to pray open my for the
temple is a house of God a place of love
and beauty
I'll prepare myself whoa
me I'm this is my sacred duty was that a
good song it's always nobody maked done
flower who's that can so we did good you
like that song do you love that temple
song do you want to go there's just so
many they know hey you found a guy
that'll work out you got one that's what
I was little boy you want your sticker -
thank you - see MIMO where did he go oh
he's over there look he's over here dad
he's making him laugh he is seriously
hates it when you leave but is he really
yeah like if he has something his hand
he'll throw it
okay so mad Fisher just like screaming
out like a toddler and like waiting on
times he does but like usually he just
eat really a sad like he does and like
like he tries the egg covers so you're
in my opinion Jackson is a daddy's boy
and Calvin is a mama's boy for sure
through I know for a fact that Calvin is
a mama's boy but I think Jackson likes
me just a little bit more than he likes
I am one Jackson and months rule all do
you like Daddy do you like Daddy Jackson
you know what you like - baby I never
thought about that option Jackson do you
like daddy say
he enjoys being around you of course
because you play lots of them fun which
I play I got on the floor and I try and
place in chair comes down the stairs
it's all about 13
we are good one of them but you're on
top now so she hard look how adorable he
is just like sitting there playing with
the toy he's are you playing can you
grab the toys yeah
you like those Kevin you do like mama
you mean XCOM okay that's a butterfly
get Eskimo kiss I have a butterfly kiss
hmm
here he grabs my face look at his hands
yeah well ladies and gentlemen I just
wrapped up with my two boys an amazing
episode of male time Monday on Wednesday
Monday yeah on my snapchat if you guys
aren't following me on snapchat I'll
have a list down below it's just my name
Jerrod Meachem but I love male time
Monday because it gives us a really cool
connection like an even deeper
connection than we already have
I love reading about your stories
because we have such a tight
relationship we have so many relatable
things going on and it's so cool to have
a different perspective on all of these
different things whether it's
infertility whether it's you know high
school struggles you know all of these
different things it's nice to be able to
hear a different perspective on it so
thank you guys for telling us your
stories because you hear from us every
single day it's nice to hear from you
guys so thank you very much for that and
there is a salad recipe of the salad
dressing on my channel if you want to
watch it yes Ellie has a brand new video
I'll have it on the very first line
right here go check it out and we hope
you guys enjoy the dressing cuz it's so
good but Ellen are gonna watch a show
right now we're gonna finish watching
we've been watching the documentary on
Netflix yeah
so thanks so much for watching have a
wonderful day and we'll see you guys
tomorrow bye night intensive transcript
member
