well it is not a workout per se but I do
have an appointment at 6 o'clock at the
gym and it is more of an assessment with
one of their trainers so it is early I'm
tired but I'm excited I had to wake up
anyway at 5:00 or I had to Kelvin woke
up at 5:00 anyway two feet in so I might
as well
I stayed up did a few things around the
house and now I'm going to go to my
appointment
every time Jackson grows out of
something that is too small and then
same with Calvin I usually just have an
empty drawer that I like throw their
stuff in I can no longer close it though
there are so many clothes in here
that don't fit the kids anymore like I'm
so sad
so I'm pulling them all out I'm gonna
organize them keep the ones I want to
keep donate the ones I want to donate
and put them in my trusty little bins on
for the next child we're gonna have to
have like ten boys because we have so
many boy clothes but there's a lot in
here like I am so sad to see this go and
not fit him anymore who remembers these
clothes and now they are yours this is
what Jackson was wearing when we had
told our family and stuff that we were
pregnant with Calvin actually and no lie
last night I had a dream that we were
pregnant again and I was like because
Jax is nine months when we got pregnant
and then in my dream I was like Calvin's
not even nine months old like this no it
was crazy but no we are not expecting
but this will be for another baby and
this is for Calvin when you grow up you
get bigger but so far he has three new
outfits
that didn't end well I didn't realize
that he was pooping and how to blow out
I didn't even on Calvin
let's just go give him both the back
I'll stop recording but I'm on the phone
with the gym you gotten the boys or grab
Jackson's okay I was on hold with the
gym and I hung out got Jackson situated
now jared is giving both kids a bath I
have to go to the dentist
today just one of those days look at the
Highlander that was like the most insane
thing I knew he's alive
God's never been like that even cowbells
like I know I gotta go and good luck
with your dance something I love you
know when I went this morning is 6:00
a.m. they stood me up yeah so I've been
on the phones I'm trying to get a
different person and the new time okay
see you Jared I love you
well that was something else I've never
entirely seen before that was insane
Jackson I was so much poop do you guys
remember when we were at my Grandma and
Grandpa's house and Jackson had like his
very first like crazy blowout and he
woke up and was just like moo-hoo what's
going on and start crying and everything
this was ten times worse than that it
was insane
it was crazy it's all over the floor
it's all over the car so I have some
work to do the boys are clean and
changed are you clean and we're watching
Nemo so the boys are clean and changed
and I put on a movie here for them so I
can get all of the clothes washed all of
the carpet cleaned and the car wipe down
okay ready set
you
okay mission accomplished now the next
thing on the agenda is I don't know how
this happened again but we have way too
much garbage I think a lot of us from
Jackson's birthday but our garbage can
is full and we've got bags upon bags and
even more bags over here so I think what
I need to do the best solution to this
problem is that guy right there I gotta
take the four-wheeler to go to the
dumpster mm-hmm well I just got back
from the dentist
oh and they gave me another tray to
tighten my Invisalign and to tighten my
teeth and I already feel the tension I
already feel the headache coming on I'm
we're on our way to where are we gonna
go up we're go see uncle Joel aunt aunt
- aunt momma oh that I'm all gotta go
so I made lunch if I have no plans for
dinner and does it that look amazing
broccoli cheese soup Bonnie said she
made someone like oh can I come over
Jared's um resting and doing some little
emails is catching up on so we figured
we'd come on play and and of course Cody
you're sharing your choo-choo train
somebody tweeted a picture of did you
see it of Cody and Calvin Jackson when
Jackson was just like three weeks old I
had come to spend the night and I
remember pudding letting Cody hold him
and then Jackson was kind of getting
fussy and you know didn't want to be
held for that was like two years ago he
was so good his cute okay jungle play
Austin's having a hard time learning to
share but Jackson always shares his toys
with ossuary share
Jackson or shoe winner Phil hey Cody
okay we'll look this back then what just
watch me Cody why are you so cute why
are you so cute to share then I want to
share my toys Jackson for Jackson
Jackson just needs like just like you
know I think he's how much younger than
Ollie nine months maybe or I don't know
Jackson just needs a few more months and
then he'll probably be able to play a
little bit more and better with Cody wow
that was a good shot makes you really
fired up because I look all in I'm like
oh he's such a big boy but that he's not
that far off
same with Boston like Jackson and Boston
are really learned 9 months apart but
that is a huge difference
while I'm in a situation I don't want to
be in so I just threw all the garbage in
the dumpster and I went to turn on the
four-wheeler and the battery's dead so I
have no idea what to do I've got a
thousand-pound machine right there well
maybe like 750 pound machine and it is
not going anywhere I have a little jump
starter a little portable jump starter
that I got a little while ago so this
might actually be a cool opportunity to
test that out and see what happens
but right now battery's dead
and I am stuck well the room room is
gone
I think Jared went plan I think yeah she
was taking it all around a lot of trash
out but I'm sure he's having fun okay it
is freezing cold outside I've got the
anchor battery portable battery charger
set up here and I am just hoping this
works oh I'm letting it charge a little
bit and then I'm going to give it a shot
and see if it'll turn on okay let's give
this a shot yes yes thank you thank you
anchor oh my gosh oh my gosh I am
freezing cold I got to start
what what are you doing up go papa
want me to do it okay pop pop pop pop
pop go Popham it's me you wanted
me to go flavor love ha ha ha ha that's
above was you are so funny well guys I
think it is time to call tonight I hope
everyone show you guys actually don't
judge us based on our snacks judges
based on this is what we just oh my gosh
Ellie did you have fun oh my gosh Ellie
oh jeez should we thank Bonnie for that
with the cheese and broccoli soup that
we had for dinner tonight I'm not even
looking at you anymore my gosh okay
let's move past that for now let's talk
about something different like this kid
what is he laughing at you this kid
suffers from FOMO more than anyone else
I know in my entire life we he fell
asleep in my arms laid him down in the
crib and as I walk out the room shrieks
bloody murder and so we're like okay
well just our you know after an hour I
said he's just getting a house for her
to watch it literally took over an hour
and he's happy and content I mean if he
was vaguely I'd be like no you're going
to bed but this is being good okay um
that is our vlog for the day guys thank
you so much for watching and we will see
you are you saying no are you doing what
are you doing I wasn't doing anything
thanks for watching guys we hope you
have a wonderful day and we'll see you
next time bye bye
