good morning guys Calvin is just about
to wake up he slept with us last night
in bed and I'm not gonna lie I was like
I couldn't sleep
I wasn't settled my hand was like over
his tummy all night making sure he was
breathing checking on him he slept last
night probably the best he slept in a
long long time I'm sure he was tired you
guys didn't know you can go watch
yesterday's video he just stopped
breathing and it just was really weird I
called the doctor this morning just to
kind of tell him what had happened and
they said just to bring him in so they
could at least check him and make note
of it but we're gonna take him in to the
doctor and especially because I did have
strep I just would hate for something to
be going on so we're gonna take him in
to be safe if you take me a while do it
over at my nerves have been shaky I've
just been extra like looking at the kids
so should we go to the doctor take
Calvin in
he was like what is going on he's a good
boy aren't you aren't you a good boy
that's my happy boy how do you look kind
of goofy in the mirror is that kind of
fun mirror to look at here is your eyes
Wow where's your nose where's your alley
Oh exactly that's exactly where's your
eyebrow did you think I said elbow
that's funny
Levin where's the garbage can
what a good boy he just had a sucker and
he ate it walked over there opened up
and threw the stick away he didn't tell
him anything and he opened it up put it
in cause the door that's a parent wing
right there yeah we just finished up
with the doctor and everything looks
great with Jackson and Calvin Jackson's
gonna have a little bump on his head for
a little bit until the swelling goes
down but he's doing great acting normal
Calvin is doing perfectly it was
probably just a combination of like milk
and saliva the doctor was like yeah I
probably just got a little excited when
everyone was freaking out about Jackson
and everything and you know sometimes
isolated incidents happen like that
Ellie was literally just feeding him so
nothing to worry about but we're
definitely gonna keep a good eye on him
and then move forward
so yeah Ellie is very paranoid my dad is
very paranoid but I think we're all good
definitely gonna keep an eye on so yes
we are counting our blessings and we
want to thank you guys for all the well
wishes and prayers that you've given to
us in the comments through tweets
Facebook Instagram so thank you guys so
much what do you do with the
four-wheeler can you do it
go run rum
yeah you pulled that throttle from room
dude again that's my boy
slowly but surely he's getting used to
it he's liking it
do you like the four-wheeler say yeah
let's I'll tell you about let's leave
your marbles here so we don't lose them
at your friend's house okay can we leave
him here you know he's like he feels
like he's a nightmare bones have any
protective mind even know what I'm
trying to say look are you gonna go
place your friend hey anyone she has
balls at her house well let's go get
your coat on
Jackson loves his me balls his marbles
from Grandma and Grandpa which ones
grandma looking a grandpa Oh what ones
this one grandpa gave you that one I'm
glad I gave you that way okay let's put
him right here and daddy I'll get your
coat on
let's put your coat on oh good job now
hurry and distract him okay we'll come
back we'll come back okay Jackson's
gonna go play at a little friend's house
Jer and I have a few errands to run one
of which it is very exciting because he
loves his bike and I want him to have
something to go with it oh yeah yeah he
loves them so Ellie and I are at the
sports store we're here to get something
for Jackson for his bike and Ellie was
just looking at some coaching stuff I
was playing with Calvin and I would go
and he would jump and then smile I was
trying to get him to do it again but
he's just so it's good Calvin right so
the question of the day is which do you
get this is fun to look at
oh by the way we're gonna get a belt a
jacket like because it's fun we might
regret it but I think it's fun I think
this would be fun for him but so you get
the one where you flick or you spin or
the burger which with the classic push
but also look at this that's a good
friend to toy leg leg leg leg like
Calvin are you ready for this
see like that
I think we're settling on the incredible
it's easy it's 5:00 on a ring and that's
it it's not a continuous ring so I think
that's the best one
got it okay you ready to go let's go
okay did you have fun oh you played with
the balls Wow
does she have a basketball her house oh
good he looks at the four-wheeler and
does that he'll be excited for his bail
then on his bike do you want to see
something that mommy and daddy got you
yeah it's a bell you see no she put it
on your bike you want to put on your
bike watch this
here watch this Jonah on your bike okay
Jackson give that a shot
your marbles this is pretty much what
we've been doing all day other than
running some errands you kind of just
been sitting and kids have been playing
trucks in places his little sandbox over
there frog played with the sandbox
though this is what we were afraid of he
took a handful of sand looked at us and
dumped it out onto the table we're like
No so that's what he's been doing finish
cleaning that oh yeah so he and then we
were done for a while and now the movie
loves his bike with his Bell and the
bubbles and it's just fun I love sitting
next to you looking at my two cute kids
play
our kids play or can I say my but you
know what I mean yeah they are your kids
they're my kids too
in fact he wants to get down like you
you can stand up Jackson it's alright
yeah
take a step back well well look at the
basketball literal
try not to laugh when you hear that look
at that big green smile can you do that
Jackson
good job mom you taught him well Jackson
clean up
can you sing the clean-up song you sing
the temples on say cleanup
it is bath time at the Meachem household
and I think that Calvin even knows about
it he gets excited for bath time
especially when his big brothers in the
bathtub - are you ready for bath time
you are a dirty mess mister
when with that title Florida it might be
cold oh he's like oh I want these bath
toys look at his little butt well we got
Jackson down to sleep Calvin fell asleep
on the couch with Elliott now everyone
in the house is asleep except me and I
am here to end the vlog with you guys so
thank you guys I want to say thank you
to everyone who left a comment on
yesterday's video it means a lot to us
that we have your support and your
thoughts and your prayers you guys mean
so much to us so thank you to everyone
who left us well wishes you guys are
awesome so thank you guys so much every
single day for all that you do for our
for my little family I appreciate you
guys we'll see you tomorrow bye
