love your bike we've been playing all
morning of toys Calvin he is ready for
me to pick him up he's ready to eat yeah
and okay okay I get Vicky
can't you crawl onto me um we are gonna
feed Calvin and Jackson has been playing
with his basketball whoo his train set
up here he's been getting on and off his
bike saying we did you have a good
birthday do you like your bike
we should bring over here and you have
more room no more candy huh we've been
eating a lot of cake this morning - okay
this is like the 10th theme that Jackson
has needed for his nap he wanted his
marbles and then he put his marbles down
and then he wanted his gun and then he
wanted a guy and then he wanted Buzz but
then you have to have woody now he wants
his marbles again he's being a cute boy
and I mean he's cute he's playing the
game he's playing
good I said you better stay in bed oh oh
you're not listenin came out truth be
told I really don't care if he takes a
nap it's just it's noon it's quiet time
it is nap time but sometimes you know
sometimes he doesn't okay
cake go get in bed I have your marbles
if you want to be man on fight came back
up I'm getting back friend let me read
you a book yeah okay okay we'll read a
book
hi
let's work in drove me to come play with
you airplane those are all airplanes to
the bus oh yeah train that is a
choo-choo train
Wow do you like to look at your books by
your rocks hey guys so I literally just
finished editing the birth vlog and good
see it's three o'clock if the videos
uploading right now I was downstairs
breastfeeding Calvin and I clean the
basement today like I vacuumed and swept
back as breastfeeding Calvin Jackson
climbed up on the barstool and was
getting his reaching for the candy jar
and it fell and he hit his head really
badly Qi goo solutions yeah it's it's a
giant a sec come here Jackson can you
show me your alley
here you've got an alley right there huh
Dino come over here he's got he's got a
big old goose egg and I I feel so
terrible but that wasn't a serious thing
that rat feeding Jackson fell and I said
and I hurried and put Calvin on the
floor and ran and picked Jackson up in
his eyes doodle is going to it and Jared
ran down I know what Ellie has a
distinct like Jared's you need to come
here right now so I came running down
the stairs to see what happened and so
Jared just because it keeps falling
really bad and Jared picked Jackson up
and in the meantime Calvin had made it
from the couch to the kitchen and was at
Jared's foot right he was on my feet
kind of like why'd you put me down I
don't I want to be held
and so after and so I went and picked
Calvin up and when I picked him up he
was laying flat on the floor and I
picked him up and I looked at it and his
face was blue and I don't like I've
never had a sheer panic like I I sobbed
I just Jared again I was like ah we
flipped him upside down well so I had
Jackson I gave Ellie Jackson jelly
Calvin to me we swapped it just we were
it just we just were in sync and just we
just did it and like after two seconds
is a long time a fear and after two
seconds I'll run upstairs to get the
phone to call the ambulance
well you you got a big parrot I was I
was uh I was performing first day like I
was I was getting ready to do CPR and I
was you know having his back and put it
pushing on his chest because he wasn't
breathing I don't know what that was
like
I had vacuumed I sweat maybe it was a
chunk of candy but he was blue and I
just as I was running down the stairs I
just like I I was just sobbing like I
was sobbing yeah it was it was really
scary I thought I died when I thought my
fourth is like we're gonna lose it like
I just like it has been a good day like
we've been relaxing he's been having fun
Jared's Menezes but like the last 20
minutes I'm like what's wrong bad do you
want to go out he had the last the last
20 minutes so they just went like this
like it was crazy I am grateful that I
have I'm certified in first aid and CPR
that I was able to help and that was
scary
so get your first aid and CPR training
especially infants like it goes to show
like no matter how clean your house is
no matter everything you do axes
accidents can happen so it's you've just
got to be safe and just makes you all
the more grateful for this little guy
poor Jackson there's a smile yeah his
poor head and you what is my my brother
calls his little girl a three n'ajjer
she's three years old but she's kind of
like a little diva and just you know
wants all these things Jackson his he's
just all over the place but yeah cuz
he's like he just fell but he doesn't
care about that she's like no I want a
piece of candy like I'm not gonna stop
and get a piece of candy Halloween's
gonna be your favorite holiday huh yeah
one more candy you want more candy yeah
okay
I kind of have just spent the rest of
the day just being together as a family
especially get in the circle I have
never been so frightened in my life I I
literally was coming down the stairs
thinking like we're gonna lose him like
he was just blue and um very scary I was
talking to my sister today she's a nurse
and I was just like I don't know what he
could have picked up like maybe it was
just something small but like I did i
vacuumed and mopped today just within an
hour and she was like sometimes they
just they choke on their saliva or you
know maybe his airway just I don't know
I don't know I could have been anything
but we're definitely keeping an eye on
him yeah we we have a camera on him
monitoring him with all of that stuff
and first thing in the morning we're
done called the doctor and get into
double check just to see if they want to
see him or if they say the same thing
just get peace of mind
oh these babies they mean so much to us
you know as as much as balloons and
parties and food and treats and whatever
and activities are fun like are my kids
and my husband like they are my top
priority I'm glad to hear that that I'm
your top priority with the kids but it
we certainly hugged our kids a little
bit tighter tonight just because like
that it just goes to show like accidents
happen and you never know when it's
gonna happen
yeah life is fragile say you love
someone like if you love someone told me
a llama hug them kiss them spank their
buck
you know what you say what you say even
if you think somebody won't read or
won't care like your words affect people
yeah um be the person you want to be um
so if that's that I think were to go
ahead and end the vlog and we will see
you guys tomorrow
have a good night bye
by travelpod member
