can you show me where Calvin's alley is
at where's Calvin zowie right there
Jackson thinks that Calvin's hair is an
alley because he's never seen his hair
before it wears his aoi show me
you think that's an alley I think that
is his little hairs growing that's his
hair growing is that cool
all right Susie Jackson described this
inside the camera
Jackson I see your hand he is giving a
thumbs up because he's watching this you
teach Ollie how to give his do his
thumbs up like he did thumbs up oh my
goodness see the Internet can teach our
kids he is learning by watching TV and
this is a mate that's so funny and
that's not a poop
that's a tipsy roll you just picked up a
turd Jackson thumbs up thumbs up yeah
good job say see you tomorrow bye ollie
kids watch your unibrow hey Jer oh my
name is not done yet
he got caught do you want some okay here
say yep yep um Jackson has been playing
with a little nativity set on our bed
while we've been getting ready and
somehow we lost baby Jesus and I told
you Jax I was like I think we lost him
what did you say about baby Jesus what
did you say you said buh-bye
jeez baby Jesus well well well
preparations are being made look at
those strawberries cut into that bag
which I'm guessing are gonna make their
way into here is that what's gonna
happen oh yeah so what are we gonna have
like strawberry lemonade or just
strawberry flavored water just
strawberry water well that's actually
pretty good
so we have a lot of preparations to do
today we still have to go to the grocery
store again twice yesterday and this
morning I was like oh what about this
what about that so we're gonna go run a
few errands today to get ready for
Jackson's birthday checks and how old
are you going to be tomorrow chapstick
yep say I'm - so here's the situation of
what is going on right now
Jackson is attempting to take a nap
right now Calvin just woke up from a nap
and he is hanging out over here with his
little toy which we still need to get
batteries for by the way look at this
mommy oh ha ha
Ellie is at the grocery store getting a
bunch of things for tonight that we need
to cook and I am doing probably the most
important task uh here's here's a little
sneak peek whoo that's all I'm gonna
show you probably know what it is but
that's why I'm doing a little update our
attempts are successful Jackson is
asleep and I've only had one piece of
candy so far so I would definitely say
that successful is that mama yeah hi
mama
how are you Jackson were you being silly
he may have thought for a second but I
distracted him with some goldfish oh
yeah each of a good dance oh he took a
great nap I got all my work done I was
just unloading the dishwasher but I was
thinking dishwasher have we told them I
don't have we told I don't think we have
guys we have an important announcement
to make
we have been using the dishwasher for
like two weeks now I'm sorry to keep the
secret away - seriously though and one
that I was just like I am I'm not doing
the dishes so I throw in the dishwasher
and we still had a few pauses over from
our first apartment and we used like I
think for two weeks as well by our last
apartment the dishwasher Rose Brown
and it can't leave on my dishes dirty
nomads like a little little yeah no
matter what I use and here this is like
an old dishwasher and I just put it in
and they're clean and great I'm like ok
ok guys so we've been using the
dishwasher and it's been great but what
I was gonna say I think as soon as
Calvin wakes up we've been working a lot
today we should go have a little fun and
Jackson maybe we could go to a fun
editors job yeah bunk Jackson wasn't
great you want some grapes here Jackson
do you want to go to the wiggle worm
I'll get some crackers I think we'll go
to the wiggle worm show me what what
what makes that noise draw show me ok I
was making sandwiches because I made
sandwiches for when we go to wiggle worm
Jackson comes through the door all the
time
open it up he opens it he looks outside
that's the noise and he points at it
just in the middle of the day he will
run open the door point out it forever
closed that door
Jackson what do you do do you go like
this you go like this from room can you
that yeah with your ear on the throttle
I'm from so not so funny I love it I
love it I have sandwiches made I think
we can now go play at the wiggle worm
jungle play yeah on my hand let's go get
our coat put on and I'll get in the car
I think it's safe to say we could just
all fight and just leave him there
because he's pretty happy nope he's good
let's go
you
you
you
hey Jackson should we turn it on the
last bath before you turn to one two
three say yeah see good job say thumbs
up thumbs up yeah I gained the last a
little laundry folded and put away and
Jared has readers I wanted to go and
Thomas is ready to be a really useful
engine
oh this looks up what does he see a puff
full of stream steam oh you want to do
this one
OOP a hot air balloon you you next page
the sky is bright and I didn't long as
he was like I can't get it he's a good
wait for mom to come because he had vote
boys on his lap and Jared's like Jackson
go get the Train but bring it back to
meet and he did and just as cute hearing
on while I've been folding laundry them
in there I'm getting ready for a night
time Jackson today is the last day that
you are one years old did you know that
oh yeah
two would be two tomorrow you're gonna
be two when you wake up in the morning
you will be two years old you know
what's crazy is we've done a whole lot
together in the first year of your life
haven't we haven't we well I guess this
is he's going on the third year of his
life they'll be working on the third
year of his life
oh my goodness I am so great oh I
remember two years ago the night before
I delivered you we've had a lot of fun
haven't we Jackson Oh give me a hug and
I will read it again come here history
code was bad
don't give me hug no I love my baby no
more baby hmm
you are my my favorite two-year-old
isn't it crazy I know two years I am
making
see I'm making the grape salad tonight
I'm making the cake so in the morning
all I have to do is throw the casserole
together sweet okay
the kids are in bed so birthday the kids
are a bit so birthday preparations are
beginning right so I have to tell you a
funny story last year we were
celebrating Jackson's birthday and we
had a little banner that would stretch
from here to here that said happy
birthday and we have another one that
we're putting up this year and I looked
to where we're going to put it up and if
you look very closely there's a piece of
tape right there that piece of tape is
from last year's birthday banner that
was right there and I just think that's
hilarious for like crap how are we gonna
hang this up again should we use pins or
should we use tape
oh look half the job is already done
we've got a pretty sweet setup here
we've got a little mining station is
that what we've got here Ellie some
little stuff right here we're gonna put
some awesome doohickeys and doodads in
there for the kids to go through and
mine some goodies this is the false it's
ever like this is empty MTV Cribs check
out the fridge this is the fullest our
fridge has ever been in its entire life
it is four large and we're excited
because it's Jackson's birthday tomorrow
and we're gonna have like 25 people over
our tiny place yeah there's gonna be
like you have like you have to stand in
here there's a lot of little kids
tomorrow it'll be interesting um I got
all the preparations done I just did
like a little vlog style of of
everything that is all about some kind
of fun and it'll be on my channel I
think we're gonna posted it like right
it'll be up right now yeah we'll have a
link to it down below there it is okay I
so excited for his birthday we are gonna
have such a fun day thank you guys for
all the support I am already getting
tweets like throughout the day people
are like it's it's the 9th of New
Zealand that any happy birthday two
years
thanks Q I've been loving your messages
as well yes thank you guys for sending
all the sweet messages we appreciate it
we appreciate you guys more than you
know thank you so much for being a part
of our lives every single day and we
will see you tomorrow for Jackson's
birthday number two we have gifts over
there but we have another we have a
surprise a little surprise for oh okay
see you tomorrow bye
