when entrance
nothing like stepping fresh snow
good morning guys
Jackson and I are just outside getting a
nice fresh air it feels good out here
it's not too cold he's just walking
around looking at the snow I feel so
much better this morning and I've been
cleaning at the bathrooms this morning
and Jackson has been such a good boy
just to kind of do his thing
watch TV play some toys so he wanted to
come outside so that is exactly what
we're doing that is water you want to
build you want to make a snowball you
want grab some snow and make a ball out
of it it's a marble that's not quite a
marble it's just a snowball well Ellie
I'm not sure how you're feeling this
morning but I feel like a total hot mess
my unibrow is like a rain forest I cut
myself shaving worse than I've ever done
so before like I literally a gash of
skincare it's true in all seriousness
nothing compared to how Ellie is with
her stress around everything that I was
just kind of joking but seriously how
are you feeling I honestly it's just
sore now it's not like I can breathe and
it's not swollen and I have to dozens of
medicine in me so they said I should be
contagious now oh good I've been clean
the bathroom I know you're going crazy
this morning you were just like yeah
cleaning all the stuff I I went into the
bathroom and she's scrubbing the toilet
I'm like Ellie what are you doing like
I'm supposed to do that well I I told my
family so I understand if you guys can't
come to Jackson birthday but you want to
risk it I think they're gonna take
advice ready
he does not want the food so one big
thing that Ellie and I are working on
today is we are planning on Jackson's
birthday well we have everything already
planned but we're talking about like
placement we're talking about dishes and
everything we have some cool excavating
stuff planned for Jackson's birthday but
first I'm going to show you Ellie has
all of her cooking stuff already
situated as far as what's gonna go in
each dish for when she cooks I know
she's gonna be cooking a lot tomorrow
and the next day so that's gonna be
exciting but we're figuring out like are
we gonna put a table here or are we
gonna put a table there or is the table
gonna go there so that's what we're up
to right now Jackson and I have to go
run and we have to go get a bunch of
stuff for the party so Jackson we're
gonna go to the store okay do you want
to go to the store with me and you want
to eat your banana you just bless the
toilet because you're cleaning like
crazy Jackson say bah another task that
Jax and I have today is we have to go
donate all of this stuff right here a
few days ago
Ellie you went through a bunch of our
clothes and we decided which ones we
wanted and which ones we wanted to
donate and these five bags right here
are clothes that we are going to donate
as well as my old amp yeah the bomb this
amp has been with me for a long time but
since I've got my new one these are
something else could use this so we're
gonna go donate it and all I have to say
you will be missed you will be missed
so yesterday before we found out Ellie
was
Joel and I were actually gonna go take
the four-wheeler out and test it out and
just have a little fun well Ellie got
sick so we had to cancel but that
doesn't mean I am done with the
four-wheeler just yet I'm going to put
this thing to use our recycling comes
every other week
it didn't come today so I still have all
of these boxes here that I'm going to
break down we broke down a bunch but we
just couldn't fit them in the blue
recycling bin so I've got a few more I'm
gonna break down instead of waiting
until next week I'm gonna go drive it to
the recycling bin on this guy here cuz
it's fun and why not right
I am glad that he is having fun I'm glad
that he has a fun toy I'm glad that you
can utilize it right now considering
can't really go anywhere right now with
that and we don't have anything to pull
it with Jackson has been doing this did
you go poopoo what did you do every
night Jackson flips this over and shoves
his blankets in it do you put your
blankets in it and you shove them in
there I'm dead so this is what he does
he flips that over and he shoves both of
his blankets in there that is his
routine every night and every naptime
that's what he does
you think that's so funny I'm usually
half the rocks are scattered well it's
official I am taking back the Sony rx100
hardcore I talked about it a little bit
we got the Sony rx100 mark for when our
g7x was having like lens issues and
everything he was getting a bunch of
dirt in it I just didn't like it at all
so we're taking him back and we thought
we'd like it because a lot of people
liked it the reviews were good we made
our trip regular shopping and Jackson I
told Jared I was like he very rarely
acts this way he is not happy and so we
are going home dropping Jared and
Jackson off hey Calvin
Calvin's asleep so I might as well just
take him with me you can't
so I need to have some one-on-one time
with Jackson and we're gonna talk we're
gonna have a little mano a mano be good
after I I do feel that I think he's just
really really tired he did not get there
now so those two remote notes and then
I'm going back into town I do not want
to go but I need up I need you because
because there's more stuff it's
Jackson's birthday party and I said
yesterday I promise it won't be terrible
but it's terrible right now surprisingly
as soon as we got home as soon as I gave
Jackson a bunch of candy he come right
down it's great no I'm kidding I didn't
do that Jackson and I did actually have
a really really good talk and I know
that sounds really weird but I sat down
with him in the pink chair and we we sat
and talked and I made him listen I made
him look in my eyes and we talked that
he said sorry and everything it was
actually really good there's kind of a
tender moment that we had together and I
know a lot of you guys were like oh
brother he's just like a two-year-old
how is he gonna know Jackson knows and
understands what we're saying he just
can't communicate back very well he
screams and everything but while we were
doing that he was actually very calm and
good and we're having a little dinner a
little healthy dinner and then we're
gonna get ready for bed but right after
we're doing that we had a little drink
and he sat right there and I was
standing right next to him and he
grabbed it from off the counter and
spilled all over the place I mean it was
all over the wall it was all over the
floors all over the Bumbo and chair in
that chair it was everywhere it was a
huge disaster it was so crazy
Jackson was it a huge disaster yeah
is that your Apple yeah oh that's a key
is that what you're saying it's not a
key that's good
may I have your attention may I have
your attention please ladies and
gentlemen I am wearing a onesie
and I thought you should know about it
hi let's set because it was my idea for
the onesies and mine is not here yes
yours is not here yet and I'm not sure
why but it'll be coming soon and we have
these onesies for something special
that's coming up later this month but
I'm excited it's probably we're gonna
dance and we should do that we should do
a Just Dance stream in our onesies like
we did on New Year's with April baby
yeah um I like surprised on how
comfortable this is I have like my
roundedness everyday like if I rub all
the time
I woke up was my legs alright some of
you guys may have noticed that in
yesterday's vlog it was the first vlog
that we did in 4k Ultra High Definition
there's one problem with that first
problem you can see so many more things
on our face in our teeth in between our
eyebrows so we have to fix something
right now Ellie I'm talking about my
unibrow
well tell me about your tooth in just a
second this is way more important
we have to take care of my unibrow
because you guys can see a way better in
4k Ultra High Definition what's going on
with your tier keep saying Eliot's so
yellow looks good no I got my Invisalign
the dentist puts they try and match the
color look how good like these are huh
that these they it's canines they put
hooks on it but to hug the vis align
mm-hmm but they use a color so we're
over the hooks are there more yellow
yeah I actually I wonder yeah you can
that's our yellow on the other side you
can totally tell uh-huh but look at
those two
who are they straightening out you think
mm-hmm
you've been taking pictures right every
time I get a new tray I will okay well
thank you guys so much for watching the
vlog today be sure to give it a big
thumbs up and we'll see you guys
tomorrow bye number one Z is I wish mine
was hot my one keep my one
my onesie is so good
