morning guys we are up extra early today
mostly because this guy has something to
say he has been up since 6:30 this
morning doing nothing but he has he's
talking and he's yelling see it for me
yeah what do you have what do you have
to say for yourself huh speak what were
you trying or forever hold your peace
huh
how are you trying to say
I hope I liked your song Kay Bonnie
should we go yeah you guys are just you
go have fun and you spoil yourself thank
you we are we will we have a little bit
of fun yes yeah you did god I just
decided I'm gonna get pedicures through
the winter yeah it's time to get our
little toesies done so by united go get
her pedicures is felt so good to sit
here and just close my eyes you're doing
a fantastic job
I feel like great Bonnie is choosing a
color well Ellie just said she goes I
think I'm gonna read vogue here in a
couple of weeks and I'm like oh yeah
that'll work
I'm like oh wait oh yeah how did you say
it yeah I can do that and I and then
she's telling she's like oh you didn't
invite me I guess I did I was just
saying I'm like in a book again okay
there are our toes Bonnie's are so cute
yours are so cute both I like that you
got sorry I called yeah
well Ellie I'm sorry let me just say it
out I'm just gonna admit it right now I
am sorry the house is a disaster the
kids and I were messing around we're
having fun house is a disaster look at
all these clothes right here I'm not
even sure why these are out we're not
even gonna use I was measuring them for
um oh is that your toy gun shoot the
star where's this turn we had a star on
a Christmas tree and Jackson would shoot
the star
alright so Ellie just got back from
getting her nails done
let's see those bad boys what do you
think of those a little shine a little
shimmer a little
glittered and then I I made my
appointment you get my hair down the
same days oh well I had a pretty amazing
day yesterday so it's me and the boys
today the boys are hanging out we've got
some fun stuff planned we've got to get
ready for Jackson's birthday which is
this Saturday which I am so excited for
so we're just gonna stay here play get
some things organized and ready to go
can you say happy birthday week yeah
close enough
hey that's too close say I'm too let's
say - you say too close you're getting
there and you're making a mess I have
some grilled cheese going
Oh alrighty then Batman you've got some
stickers I mean Mickey yeah yeah now
that everyone is awake from their naps
thought we would do something kind of
important kind of something that will
certainly affect Calvin and Jackson's
life forever
we're gonna go over some very important
things something that you know go over
some life lessons now I've already gone
over a lot of these life lessons with
Jackson's wife your Jackson might be
able to help out me and teaching Calvin
these very important things are you
ready for this buddy yeah I'm ready -
let's do it
all right boys this is the life lesson
number one when you're playing Mario
Kart it's very important right then the
second flight comes up you hit go and
you'll get it back boost learning the
guitar is a lot of fun it teaches a lot
of cool things and actually can help you
get girls you know that's how I got your
mom but it's very important that you
don't play for the women you play for
them music well that's attitude all
right boys I'm about to tell you the
most important lesson that I have
learned in my entire life
are you ready are you ready okay six
hours late Dale and that boys is white a
five-second rule is not only the most
important rule when it comes to food but
also a huge involvement in the
settlement of the United States and the
annexation of Puerto Rico oh I know
right oh my gosh sure looks good I like
it it styles a little it's just you know
cuz you just got it done that's whoa I'm
all over the place just a minute let me
look good does it look okay no you
always look good I think it looks great
I like this alright go get some more
hair products excuse yeah had any for
quite a while I'm running low so I'm
very excited for my new do all right
Jackson the most important thing that
you need to know about four-wheeling is
safety first so we've got Joel Boston
Cody and I we're going into the sport
store to get some helmets do you want a
helmet yep a helmet helmet oh man look
at all these fun toys one thing that not
anytime soon I literally just got a
four-wheeler
yesterday but these razors oh man have
fun with those be hmm I've never been in
the store actually so I'm actually
pretty excited never been that and that
is a giant bungee swing that I think
will have to do one of these days Joel
it's summer this summer we'll do it
bungee jumping I've never done that I do
want to go skydiving before I want to go
jump bungee jumping though that's
something I knew we brought you for a
really good reason check that out oh
yeah oh look a little trike that's
awesome sweet look at that yeah are you
gonna shown the ropes you're gonna show
Jackson where to go and what to do are
you ready for this buddy okay is it
right here code go and be free my son go
have fun Jackson he's like no oh there's
a little puppy hey Joel I'm not sure why
I haven't been here before I would come
just for this I know right well I might
be stuck Jackson come help me aren't
stuck come grab my arm I'm stuck pull me
out
oh are you just coming to say okay set
go
well I think little by little Jackson's
getting over his fear Jackson's a rum
rum do you like the four-wheeler
oh yeah there's Santa maybe Santa can
bring what you on next year huh well we
just got home and I just put Jackson
down the bed and Ellie is putting Calvin
to bed he's actually been doing really
good sleeping in his bed he'll sleep
until like about 5 in the morning and
that's perfect from 7 o'clock to 5 in
the morning I will take it he wakes up a
couple times to eat and stuff but he's
doing a lot better than he used to
while Ellie is getting Calvin to sleep I
wanted to tell you guys a little
something something I just got an email
today some of you guys may have noticed
that CVX live just in a press conference
announcing a lot of people who are
coming to see the X live this year a lot
the dates and all of that good stuff
well if you guys didn't know cbx live is
a convention a YouTube convention here
in Utah and we have our own little
ticket portal here if you guys want to
get tickets to see the X Live come meet
us hang out with us like you did last
year if this is your first time it's
it's gonna be huge it's gonna be so
awesome the Utah is such an awesome
place to have a convention there's gonna
be so many great people Shaytards are
gonna be there
Devin Graham cute girls hairstyles
Stewart edge Brooklyn and Bailey there's
tons of all these awesome people that
are gonna be there oh yeah and we're
gonna be that too so this is definitely
one of the conventions that we are going
to since it is so close to us so I'm
gonna have a link down below to get
tickets if you guys are interested and
leave a comment or send me a tweet if
you guys are coming to see the X live or
if you want to come to see the
excitement or if you already have your
tickets well I went upstairs to go end
the vlog with Ellie and she is already
in bed I think we are gonna have it in
the early night tonight we kind of
haven't been feeling all that great so
we think an early night's rest will be
perfect for us to get ready for the next
day thank you guys so much for watching
be sure to check out the links down
below and we'll see you guys tomorrow
bye that's a cool shirt
yeah laughing it's so hard like he is
the kiyose where'd you get your energy
