I'm looking at myself in the viewfinder
and my hair is crazy guys good morning
good morning happy Monday probably
Tuesday for you guys I hope you had an
awesome start to your week I have been
crazy busy at the computers I've been
working on the video and I think the
coolest part about what I've been doing
is I've been working on Jackson's
birthday card its Jackson's birthday
week
all right I think I have everything
finished that I need to so far Ellie
Jackson and Calvin are at the
chiropractor and I have a couple minutes
so what I'm going to do and play a
little guitar
is that spider-man okay Ellie I am
wearing the shirt you got me what do you
think you like it I like it too
I like it that's good thank you thank
you very much I do like how it fits I
like how it feels it's actually pretty
nice it keeps me buzz do you see Buzz
and Woody and all those toys he's got
him like I'll push to the very front so
how did the boys appointments go
why will happen yeah Jackson was running
all over the place causing chaos four
times oh is that it that's that's a new
record
I'm gonna make for the party on Saturday
perfect Jackson's birthday is on
Saturday and I could not be more excited
our cards are ready to pick up and I may
have just picked up a pinata we may have
a theme of minions and rocks because
those are his two favorite things in the
world and Cody so there's three favorite
things rocks
minions and Cody well that escalated
really quick my whole basket is full of
stuff and I only had a few items that I
was supposed to get
birthday shopping is just too fun I
think if somebody wanted to go to church
instead of take a nap he took a good nap
did you take a nap on the floor dad
texted me and said he fell asleep on the
floor and he woke up with his tie he had
his tie around his neck when he woke it
up and his leg yeah you look nice today
Calvin is still asleep he's been going
for more than two and a half in his bed
NES up in his bed all night long yep
from 7:00 p.m. to 5:00 a.m.
Calvin slept in his bed is this 2008
still fed up twice but he was in his
book yeah and I just got back from going
and it gave me some things for the
birthday stuff I left the house a little
mess so I'm gonna clean up and it's
going to go somewhere kind of fun I'm
sorry I haven't cleaned up I've been
super busy with all of his work that
I've been doing and I'm not even joking
I've been doing lots of stuff Ellie
Ellie don't look at me like I've been
working on very important stuff Twitter
Instagram no I know you've been working
thank you he's been doing some stuff
with his family okay
what did you get the bird you found it
anytime oh my look let's start trying
busily oh and he's time on I am cooking
with Jackson he climbs up and says the
bird bird and he has to be a good boy or
he doesn't get the bird
okay can you start your bottom oh oh
okay so on your bottom please you sit
there while I get some late lunch going
and you can hold the bird
alright the boys are taking over oh my
gosh we're like matching that's funny I
just realized that when I looked at the
camera okay so Joel and I and the two
kids in the back here we were going on a
little mission yeah we're going on the
operation mission mission I have to tell
you a little story beforehand so
Ellie's dad on these dad they've had two
blue four-wheelers for I don't know how
long 20 years dad just got a new
four-wheeler two years ago Joel got a
four-wheeler this year and so we you
guys have seen us we go for wheeling
quite a bit up in the mountains of Utah
and it's so enjoyable it's so great but
I'm always borrowing a four-wheeler from
someone else whether it be Joel or dad
and everything so Joel and I have been
keeping an eye on four-wheelers for sale
and everything and so we're gonna go
scope one out right right now and I'm
I'm so excited yes it's it's it's so
exciting because the way we look at it
and you're probably the same opinion I'm
gonna go out and women say as you're of
the same opinion what's what's mine is
Joel's and what's Joel's is mine when it
comes to equipment like this oh yeah and
and so we're both so excited and it's a
freaking steal of a deal so we are
crossing our fingers that everything is
good with this because this will be the
deal of the century this will be it this
will be that's a different that's a song
about something else okay but we're
gonna go look at it well we're here at
the place and we're looking at the
four-wheeler right now take a look at
this guy
this is it right here what do you think
Joel do you think it's a keeper we just
took it for a spin
I felt it felt really good and the
power-steering if you've ever had a
four-wheeler and then gone to a
four-wheeler with power steering night
and day difference it's it's the coolest
thing when you got the power steering on
it feels different and the beauty I
think this seals the deal
they've got hand warmers nice and warm
hand grips right bumpers are nice yeah
nice they'll take your beating for you
yeah my fenders are there beat a little
bit sore dads yeah dad's gonna be
jealous of the bumper well I'm jealous
of dads winch that system these guy I
want to get one of those and for like a
plow and stuff there's always tomorrow
there's always tomorrow and the the guy
who owns this right now he's like put
his heart and soul into he's attached a
bunch of stuff cuz he's a hunter and I
think it's cool yeah he yeah total
farmer guy he's got three pigs were just
talking about he's like yeah I got to
get those taken care of so we can get
some bacon here soon but he extended
this back so it's like it's an extended
seat normally you don't have near as
much space for a seat but he put it back
there and that's cool put your lunch in
there go up four we went all day long
all day okay Joel what's the final
verdict what do you think do you were in
my shoes I was if I was in your shoes
this is coming home yeah that's me
that's me but I don't spend your money I
think it's coming home guys I think we
are always happier when we decided to
just make what's in our fridge a lot of
times like what are we gonna eat you
should go out and lately we've been
doing really good on both ends to just
you what we have kids again the kids are
all here we just made up 700 I guess
we're eat it that way um eating grilled
cheese and then I made again the yummy
dressing it's like a little bit of apple
vinegar honey
what else well I don't know it's really
yummy and then I got some stuff right
there to go in it jared is a very happy
man right now and what are we gonna pull
with this for Miller how are we gonna
pull it don't ask those questions
I guess
I guess every time you go four-wheeling
we'll just go Joel or and use your
the car we just get a four-wheeler smart
that looks fun that looks fun we have to
gonna date
he was like he was like
Oh Jack Jackson hates 4-wheelers I knew
he was gonna cry he opened the door at
Wow
because they're kind of big we talked
about that last summer too you should do
it now that we got the floor really
let's have a couple of days we're right
our form and there's nothing Mountain
roast a hot dog over a fire jared is
happy news I'm looking at this
four-wheeler for a while now
and it was like a steal of a deal the
vulgar guy was selling it for like more
than fifty percent because he's just
they're moving and so we were just was
getting dressed up and this would be
really fun for you well now I feel like
I'm part of the family
that's how now I feel like I'm in the
circle of trust now Jackson Zoo give
Jared a piggyback ride for the rest of
the night and we did not make it to this
gym today but I did call and set up an
appointment for a trainer to talk to me
on Wednesday we're hoping to go Monday
Wednesday Friday we didn't just have
salad we have grilled cheese and grilled
cheese sandwiches are like okay it's
like my soul food it just feels so good
on a cold day you know yes it does
um I think that's it was an awesome day
oh my gosh I am just like Shh so excited
so thank you guys so much for watching
the video and we'll see you guys next
time tomorrow even my
