good morning this little guy slept in
his crib last night you only woke up
once at 3:00 I am so happy
but then he ended up in bed with us
because he did but he went to sleep in
his bed I'm proud of him
good morning Jackson good morning say hi
hi good morning Jared
good morning are getting ready for
church we got to go you don't even have
time to shave or iron measure I mean
yeah we have like four minutes to run
out the door for a minute so it's a
weird number I just spit that out
Riley five
I love Sundays because we go to church
we come home we get our jammies by jared
is going back and helping um some people
and we usually just eat dinner and just
relax the rest of the day but Jackson
I want you hey show me your picture that
you've colored go get it and show me you
see the moon Jackson colored this
picture and if you can see there's a few
ho dots
good job that looks so good Calvin did
pretty good in church you are you're
sweet did you have a good day yeah it's
a star
we are going to do our family Q&A right
now what's going on oh he misaligned box
well yeah I'd be mad too um I have a
list of questions that you guys have
asked so we're gonna jump in and get
started
Hannah rice says does it get awkward
taking turns vlogging when you're with
other vlogging friends when I first saw
this I felt like I feel like when we've
been around other vloggers like um Brian
and Missy Conan KZ our friends our
family everybody's pretty respectful one
rule is you don't blog while the other
person's vlogging I mean that's one
thing that you kind of just go it goes
without saying sometimes we do but we
try to be respectful yeah soccer power
says what color is kelvins new room
gonna be so in our house that we're
going to be building I'm not gonna be
like oh this room's gonna be blue and
this room's purple in this rooms okay
I'm just gonna kind of choose a neutral
color and put that throughout the house
call me Plain Jane that's what I'm gonna
do Plain Jane
Kayla says what is one thing you're
going to try to do better this year and
that is perfect for the next question
one thing that Jeremiah is a family
we've talked about is um being doing
more quality time together um sometimes
our days feel a little rush because we
get the video up let's get ready let's
do this we're filming um it's just like
any other any other person but sometimes
our days feel rushed and I just want to
spend a little bit more time with each
other that's one reason we're gonna do
the gym the kids can have their play
time we can have our time we can play so
that is one thing I'm gonna we're trying
to do this year then Megan says what
does 2016 breathe for you guys in
YouTube more videos individual channels
more conventions as far as our channels
go Jared and I are wanting to make a
better effort and start to do more
videos and ice
that last year and I did more videos
last year in 2015 prioritize yeah we're
gonna have an extended effort to do more
content on our individual channels and
bring great content to the pollak sale
so that's I mean we're always trying to
bring more comma to do yeah
Cristina says what does something jared
is most excited about in his new office
Oh
so I'm guessing for the house yeah so
one thing that I want to do so so bad is
I want to hang my guitars and like I
have a ukulele these in my office now I
want to hang all my guitars and have
like like little uh what's it called
trim trim around the guitars I just
think it'd be cool to display it that
way that's I think that's probably one
of the exciting things also dual
monitors editing it's every editors
dream multiple monitors is every
computer nerds dream right three four
six monitors yeah
Naomi says what do you think of
Jackson's garden which will be in Ali's
Mimi and Papa's garden we think that's
so cool that Mimi and Papa thought of us
and of Jackson while they're building
that thing so we are so excited to make
a trip down I said wait for Jackson to
go play I know I cannot wait to see what
he does now hold that whole backyard
park idea I think is so cool and we
can't wait to go play with it so thank
you for thinking of us because that's
very very kind and sweet of you
Kalen says what is your favorite thing
to snack on for breastfeeding I need
some suggestions love y'all
well when I breastfeed I usually have
some goldfish I snack on and some
licorice and all kinds of sweet I pulled
these out before um before we got
started I don't know if these are
necessarily good cuz they're like
covered in sugar stuff but I love them
um I do salt a car covered peanuts
I do almonds I love the like toasted
cashews those are really good every
morning I usually eat
oatmeal or some sort of fruit Oreos
Lynette asks a good question was it your
parental upbringing or your faith that
has made you both so positive we had a
few of those questions and I didn't
quite a favor every single one of them
but some people are like what makes you
so positive and I was trying to think
about this today in church because I was
I read some of these research um but I
don't think we wake up and say let's be
positive let's be like I think that's
just the way you are like its habits
like my mom used to say put a smile on
your face like I'd get angry or whatever
snap out of it like my mom didn't allow
us to be like angry like we could be bad
overly yeah I take it with a grain of
salt of course we were sad of course we
had our moments but just to have like an
attitude of like oh poor me my mom do it
really allows to have that and I feel
like I'm just naturally happy maybe it's
because our parents raised us maybe it's
because like arf-arf whole focus is
family and that makes me happy I would
say it's a huge factor on both our
family and our faith plays a huge factor
into our positivity and our happiness
you guys know that my dad and grayned
it's into me attitude is everything
having a positive attitude is so
important of course it's okay to feel
down and sad and it's okay to have those
moments because that brings balance like
if you don't have those moments and you
can't experience the happiness and joy I
mean sometimes it feels good to just cry
like sometimes it's good to be sad
I don't like it sometimes I probably do
it a little too much and you guys
probably see it a little too much no but
I think it's good I think it's good to
express yourself and but I definitely
think it's it's it's bullshit of that
yeah
are my family my parents taught me a lot
and our faith that has done a lot to in
keeping us happy one thing that I was
telling Ellie about I think it was
yesterday that I told you last night I
love Tim Ferriss and his podcast and he
asks people almost every single time
what their morning routine is like and
like what successful people's morning
routine is like and almost without fail
every single person takes the first 10
30 minutes in the day and just like sits
and meditates and that's something that
we wanted I want to do today or sorry
something I want to do this year so like
help prepare myself throughout the day
and I think that's another thing that
you can do to like set yourself up on
the day and I think this is really
important is you want to start your day
off on a really really good note and
then progressed from there because you
know fine waking up on the wrong side of
the bed exactly that's a great way to
put it so that's something I want to do
that's something I suggest you guys
trying to do is meditate thing pray you
know start the day off on a really
really good high positive note and then
take on the day because you can take on
the day a lot more when you're positive
positive and happy that's right I was
trying to say positive motivational
Steve here I'm surprised there for you
guys because it's positive motivation on
Monday um one last thing real quick
before we go
there was one question I thought I
favorited it but I must have missed
somehow but someone asked your house is
on fire the boys are okay and you're
okay but you have to go back in the
house and you get to grab five things
what are those five things and so I want
to ask Elliot a question cuz I know what
I would do that okay you keep either my
electric guitar my acoustic guitar my
ukulele my other ukulele and your amp
and my amp and that's what I've got no I
I think honestly I would probably run
upstairs and grab the little document
that has all of our marriage social
security that kind of stuff our filing
cap and I would grab my jewelry box
oh I see my jewelry box cuz I have a few
my grandmother's earrings my mom's
pearls on a serious note I would
probably say my electric guitar my
acoustic guitar and our hard drives with
all of our footage
I know YouTube has all our footage but
there's a lot of things that we don't
put on YouTube that we want to keep
that's very important to us so I would
say those are those are the kinds of
things on our phone because it has
pictures of all the kids yes I mean all
of the other things
the house are totally replaceable and
just like they don't have as much value
as our kiddos right it's not makes me
have our kids right as long as you're
good we're good do I hope that we
answered your questions I hope that it
was that that that's our that's our life
we're trying to focus on family and
positive times of dear happiness and
chefs don't want it quite overwhelm the
kids too much so thank you guys so much
for watching
fine Sunday I love Sunday and we will
see you tomorrow
where's the gym tomorrow you say goodbye
say you say now say bye bye say love you
what
