as if the New Year didn't feel like a
fresh start cleaning out your closet
makes you feel like a fresh start I have
been cleaning out my closet all morning
I have a bag full of clothes these are
the clothes I'm going to save and let my
sister go through see if she wants any
of these are going to the local thrift
store the DI I am extremely sad I'm sad
to get rid of my pink and green colored
skinny jeans I tried them on this
morning
they don't fit very well I've had them
for over six year I got him after I got
married like the eighth but I got mine I
probably had it for about five five and
a half years and I am very sad to get
rid of them but they just don't fit and
I'm not very comfy and bending down
changing diapers it's not very fun to
have pants that are not comfy that is
dad's razor okay close it up please
thank you yes comb your hair is much
better
this is waiting for me to present ready
alright ladies and gentlemen we've got a
game plan we've got a game plan and it's
very very cool I want to tell you all
about it so we just had a little
Cotton's call with Bonnie and Joel yeah
we in a conference call Ellie all four
of us were on speakerphone wouldn't you
call that a conference call sure we were
just on the phone with Bonnie and Jill
nothing too serious but it's Saturday
we're like we should all do something
fun joel has the day off
so we were talking we're like what can
we do so we have this thing called game
day Saturday what game day Saturday is
Jackson why are you so upset about game
day Saturday he wants more than anything
for mom to pick him up and he wants to
see what mom's cooking sloppy joes okay
we'll get back to the sloppy joes in a
second what I have to say is very
important okay game day Saturday Joel
and I are gonna go see Star Wars he
hasn't seen it and I definitely want to
see it a second time meanwhile Bonnie
and Ellie are gonna be having the kids
and they're gonna be having a fun little
playdate with all of the kids and it's
gonna be so fun and so delicious yes
it'll be delicious then after the movie
Joel and I are gonna come back we're
gonna relieve the women from the kids
and then the women are gonna go do
something fun while Joel and I watch the
kids
okay does that sound like a good day
Jackson do you want to see Cody today
say yeah
whoo-hoo and we're gonna have sloppy
joes for lunch it's gonna be delicious
que le I've got to go out the door right
now to meet up a Joel to go see Star
Wars again fine
I will have fun I'm gonna leave you with
this camera okay okay okay I love you
and I love my family mm-hmm I love did
you see that you totally just like a
lean back he didn't know it was coming
but he heard it okay you oh sorry you're
a see Star Wars I'm ready to start wars
I'm so I was that was my best walkie
impression I'm not a good I'm not a good
look here had a guy at work who was like
he could do a spot-on Chewbacca like it
was crazy
okay let's go see it man let's go
Jackson's birthday is on Saturday and
Jer and I are like okay maybe we'll do
pizza because all the family is coming
and I just thought I want to make my
meal because every time you go to Mom's
house or movies our bodies usually they
have something made I just thought I
just don't want were cute so I want to
make something and have someone come to
my home and eat my food and so I've been
trying a few things and if I like them
I'll make them for Saturday but last
night I made this and it was so good
it's just a really yummy salad with some
fresh fruit in it I made the dressing by
hand it's honey and has some other
things and it's really good and I made
this tea as well but for the next day or
two I'm just going to make a whole bunch
of new things salads and see if I like
them and if I do I'll make them on
Saturday
with each other yeah you wanna con the
top okay really dangerous up there
there's no air bags in that one all
right Julie thoughts of the movie oh my
gosh I just I want I like I feel I feel
very renewed yeah I like the Star Wars
is just just renewed it's been awakened
yeah obviously I so that's my second
time seeing it and I thought oh it's
even better the second time is it it is
whatever let's go let's go back again I
just paid more attention to the music
and everything and you just like like
you just feel it more and cuz you know
what's coming so you can pay attention
to all these other things that was so
good so good so yeah so good what I was
thinking about I want to know the guy
who was in the orchestra who was playing
the French horn and got that one solo
you know yeah he had to feel like a
million bucks he's like honey honey you
won't believe it you will not believe it
look at the piece look at the music
she's probably like you're such a nerd I
love it okay oh you're alright you get
away in Tel Aviv oh then why don't you
go right now he's just collapse cuz then
they all wake up and need to eat as soon
as I leave I think that's a great point
you're a thinker Ali okay I'll leave
when he wakes up
and an agenda moment and he is out her
standing here buying clothes
look how noticeable of my babies I was
like yeah I noticed though this morning
the mystical hers back
look at her regrow it's like what we do
I gotta lay the lab checks asleep and we
absolutely just woke up
Calvin is exploring and playing with
Boston hey buddy you explore in the toy
room yeah that is so cute he's following
Boston around he loves Boston like
that's so cute you having fun are you
gonna get the ball get the ball
yeah so the cell that I made last night
and we ate today I am going to make that
for Jackson's birthday along with some
other things and so I've been looking
for something to put dressing in to
dispense it I think this is our favorite
it's cute it's just little work
Oh
come on hey curly
yes Cody yeah this code here oh it's a
good job looks I just keep Jackson about
the rejects a long oh that's a good boy
- no no no no Jackson I just want a long
long hug no no no no Jack Jack long hug
put your ah that's so nice if you had
such a nice hug no no no no there's a
long long hug no no no no no no okay
that's good bad was that was that fun
did you have a good day with your
cousins
yeah yeah can you sleep you won't be
like Cody huh yeah good and Uncle Joe
yeah they're gonna be a dentist where
you go up
hey so will you go you do are you gonna
wear - what yoga ah si what you gotta do
is mated or not you are attracted by
drawing
I fell asleep bring Jackson to bed and
JAXA woke me up I was like get to bed
and I'm getting out of here and we were
just kind of getting ready for the night
and he took a lighter nap so help you up
for a little bit I need you to go
downstairs in the car and get the bags
that I got don't look at him and bring
them up okay I can do that pick up okay
come on yep I got a little dress for
movies you got me something and then
just a little thing for the UM dressing
I was a funny and I saw this and I
thought this looks just like Jared is it
a unibrow trimmer no I thought it looked
like you and I hope you liked it and I
thought it'd be fun too it looks really
like nice yeah oh yeah how long a very
much but like a whole lift it up so you
can see the hoodie part and the strength
ah I just thought it I look it just as
simple and like like a light blue but a
gray I like you like it look like good
fit nice yeah what's super good Jay and
I are going to spend the rest of our
evening looking for cute one piece of
jammas this is what we're doing I'm
serving I'm determined to find a cute
ones you talent
um so you can match yeah I think I'll be
fun Oh real quick real quick
tomorrow is QA day so where should we do
Q&A today yeah she just said how funny
I'm looking through your videos trying
to find out where you got this cute oh
that's funny now she's great
um let's do we haven't done anything
online for awhile let's do my Twitter so
tomorrow I'll post on my Twitter and
we'll do the QA from that use the
hashtag ask Ellie and Jared and we'll
take questions from that high caste
village say good night good night Kevin
Calvin is in his own bed yeah we're
gonna watch a show what show should we
watch
we're gonna watch YouTube goodbye
