kayuu - are you ready to go play in the
snow
you are me you are - mmm what hey those
will be perfect turtleneck - the baby
come over here is she so beautiful
Kimmy heat that is a baby sleeping baby
close your eyes
okay how curious boys Oh Jackson just
wants to go home play house Jackson's
thinking about it I'll help me good no
is our having so much fun the trampoline
Davey is just having so much fun playing
with them hey okay so he just spun
Jackson now he's spinning ender there's
Jackson Davey has been out here all
morning with the kids and it's about
time that I get my butt out here and
show you guys how much fun they're
having
oh there's no in my show is this Mickey
Mouse Clubhouse chicken coop
did you know mama used to have chickens
and when we get our house maybe sometime
we will get chickens and these are my
favorite ones you guys were my favorites
I love these ones freedom okay no you
gotta leave your glove on oh I think
that might hurt look mister let's go
feed him okay watch out over here he
comes
gonna feed them Wow is that fine we
having fun thanks baby tears but your
hands will be freezing this is so fun
why are you jack
hey guys I loved having my chickens do
you kids just love them yeah
Jackson's Lebanon and the doggy I like
the kids seeing where eggs come from
yeah I appreciate ya hard work hi mommy
I can't get up help me I can't get up oh
there you go oh oh here you are
Oh
okay we have had such a blast at April
at baby's house thank you guys so much
for your hospitality your treats your
entertainment but first your onesie
that's her hey but first before we go
there's one last thing that we have to
do it's very very important we must do a
battle royale use one kicker but I want
to kick yours I go one down we are gonna
fight to the death on Super Smash Bros
let's do it
say Happy New Year Happy New Year yeah
is that your hat for next year's party
yes he is he missed out yesterday so
he's like I want to party alrighty guys
thank you so much for having us Saturday
was so much fun do it again we will Oh
thanks April bye swimming
one day I
regulation just like
well a few hours in the car later and we
are home and first thing we're gonna do
is were making pancakes oh yeah yeah
Oh Ellie was Jackson woke up and he was
like oh kind of fussing and I'm and
everything and she goes do you want to
go home and want me to make pancakes and
goes oh yeah so that's what they're
doing we're gonna make some pancakes I'm
gonna unload the car and we're just
gonna hang out
we're just getting back home and getting
everything unsuited they're just playing
this is a fun relaxing day I can't
believe I just did that I fell asleep on
the couch and while it felt really good
I kind of feel bad because I know Ellie
was wrangling the kids the whole time
okay films in the car that's true that's
true but I didn't have to wrangle the
kids because they fell sick too anyway I
didn't ride all the kids I was with
Kelvin upstairs Jax was by himself and I
came down and he had planted food on the
floor going for you well I had I didn't
even tell this Ellie I just pulled off
the camera star I was like Ellie is
getting ready with some groceries and
stuff for Jackson's birthday this week
and this baby boom I'm just so excited
for his birthday like all of the stuff
all the planning that we've been doing
everything all the organization the
recipes and stuff and I was just I just
have this fun idea and I'm really
excited for it so Jackson you don't even
realize it but you are gonna be turning
two years old next week and we're so
excited for you you know that yeah are
you in your car Jackson can you say
happy birthday I'm just excited for it
and I can't wait for this guy to turn
one years old I should just go grocery
shopping like this go to bed I really
don't ever do that I just stay home I
kind of wonder if I should get a head
start on our day tomorrow and go grocery
shopping are you kind of excited - I'm
excited cuz tomorrow we have to go to
the little party store
um I texted my family and like
everybody's like yeah we'll come home
like yummy we're gonna have a body we
have one big surprise that we're not
gonna reveal yet for Jackson's birthday
though I think I'm more
cited about than anyone else so you'll
have to watch on Jackson's birthday are
you excited for your birthday say yeah
yeah this kid has been cracking me up
with some of the things that he sings
just randomly yesterday while we were
April of Daddy's house he saw a picture
of Anna and Elsa from frozen and Jackson
what did you say when you saw Anna yes
he sing it I think he's seen that like
twice in his entire life and he sings it
and what's your favorite song after the
minions the go me mellow yellow' I just
think that's so funny how quick he picks
things up it's so funny it's a funny
thing I'm funny okay I want Gandhi ba
banana
Oh her car needs to go through a car
wash tomorrow that is for sure that
looks like a dent
that is not it looked like it Wow
okay kids you're asleep I'm gonna go
grocery shopping I just walked in from
going to the grocery store I got my loot
and he saw me he was just fine he's for
this pinky out he's like
hyperventilating cuz he wants you want
mama you want me are you a mama's boy
yes he knows that I'm your food source
and I'm the one that you usually get you
to sleep
look at that you loves you so much
yeah I love that you love me
yeah I love you hello Cullen okay okay
okay he's I guess not funny just take me
out how's it going
um I'm going to take Calvin give the bed
what's up hey kelan just
party Sidney's playing block up hi :
okay um I think it's time for my party
to end and bed so thank you guys so much
for watching today I'm excited for the
new year there are so many fun things
I'm looking forward to but most of all
spending a lot of quality time with
Jared and my kids Ellie's ending the
vlog right okay that was a funny huh
okay you didn't like that okay there you
go okay
see I'm you Goodyear thanks for watching
bye
you have a tear
