goodbye house see you next year goodbye
garbage I don't think we'll ever see you
again it's such a corny lame joke but
you can only make it one time a year or
so yeah happy new year
before we officially begin our New
Year's Eve celebration Ellie and I
decided to make one little stop and it's
at the house that we are going to be
building may have come a long way and
I'm just so excited it looks really good
these podiums yeah when we were looking
into Builders and looking into some of
their homes like for some reason a lot
of the homes didn't have a certain
staircase that I wanted this is what I
want it was it beautiful we'll just have
to be careful that the kids don't walk
over here they're gonna have a real
horse but it's beautiful
I love how things are coming together
well all I can really say is that I am
very excited for I don't know March you
think March when we start building
that's the plan that's the goal
you growling you're yelling at me
ah we just made a little pit stop I just
fed and changed Kelvin no you're doing
apnea and Jared and Jackson ran into the
store real quick and then we will be on
our way so we could finally party but
we're having a party in here huh we
finally made it to our destination we
got April and day party hats guys look
we even have some Jackson he's been
playing with his friend did you get him
in there
you guys have been friends she got in
the Hat she got into seat we are ready
to party
the kids are only other kids they're
only gonna party so Ellie and I picked
up a brand new camera on the way down to
April in Davey's house Davey is an
expert when it comes to Sony cameras and
there's a super fast we're gonna try the
super slow motion so we're gonna
someone's gonna do some crazy dance
moves and we're gonna film in slow
motion those goes
my teeth are coming out for the night
I'm not putting them back in because I
want it evil and look it's fruit but
there's licorice over that I'm going to
eat okay I saw the chips on your
Instagram my teeth are coming out for
the night I'm not putting them back in
alright we just wrapped up an awesome
session of rock band now the big guns
are coming out the big competition Mario
Kart April says she's pretty competitive
when it comes to Mario Kart we could do
that let's do it mmm say oh he's cold
it's cold outside so April Navy they
just built this house and it's so
beautiful but they thought no this is
not enough this house is beautiful but
it's not enough we're gonna build a
house for the kids outside look at that
that's so cool
it's like a little house and it matches
all right let's go inside Jackson you
want to see what it looks like okay
Jackson what do you think hello oh is
that chair so comfy oh my goodness I can
I can stand all the way up in there you
got a vaulted ceiling
wha-ho offer a little reading corner you
got a kitchen you got a table do you
sleep in here ender dad you like it in
here uh yeah that's pretty good
this is awesome and you guys built this
yourself me oh my gosh did it that is so
cool Oh hurry turn left turn that drew
you lose oh there you go there you go
we are all getting hungry and tired at
the end of the night yes second wind
get the babies to bed and eat so we are
gonna serve and day we just talk about
our food my babies are getting ready for
bed get ready for bed
Oh welcome everybody to the first annual
New Year's Eve this is a man I wasn't
happy new year are you ready to
celebrate the new year huh what do you
think of 2015 it's the only life so far
yeah are you ready did you have fun in
2015 you're gonna start walking in 2016
you're gonna start eating solid foods
you're probably gonna start saying like
mama and Dada right driving a car oh my
gosh we're gonna grow so much in 2016 I
don't know if you're ready for it I
don't know you're really worth mmm but
know one thing I'm grateful that you're
here with us in 2015 and 2016 no no no
no no no no ready
he's so bad he's not really going
anywhere but we'll pretend go go go
just let me smell it
no I'm sure I sorry I try and get good
spouse I have to drink some I just I
just not smell it
Jarrod's going down there this is
probably the sixth time seventh time
we're trying to get Calvin to see really
crying his pork cheeks well he's
probably gonna stay up with us all right
the party can officially start we're all
in our matching onesies
what are we oh we've got our Cat in the
Hat thing one thing too and we've got
Batman gloves do it minions but the
party's about to start it's New Years
Eve and we're gonna party let's do it
are you ready to go yes first activity
of the night is a little bit of dancing
let's see your best moves ready go get
down we're playing just dance right now
and Ellie and I have played this before
and this is like one of our favorite
things to do together so we're having a
onesy dance-off New Year's Eve party
celebration
oh so little-known tidbit April had a
baby two weeks ago look at these moves
Calvin is looking at mom like what in
the world are you doing
Wow
Oh
yeah okay real funny guys
real funny yeah okay take advantage of
me while I'm sleeping why don't you
cheese okay guys what's our time looking
like we got six minutes to go six
minutes and Counting minutes before of
the New Year wait do we have fireworks
did we get fireworks Ellie I think I've
got some fireworks over here let's see
if we can get up some fireworks mothers
don't like that I just ran to the car
because we've got like two minutes left
and I got the essentials you can't
forget the red white and bling and the
hectic fireballs this is the first time
in probably since I was like a little
kid probably like six years old that I
have fireworks to launch off because
everywhere I've gone they've banned them
so we're gonna light some fireworks
we've got like one minute left to calm
down the new year are you excited
yah
oh my god surprise surprise no no don't
be it for a good it's gonna be a very
great year and if you can't wait for you
guys to be along the ride with us so
make sure you guys are subscribed for
sure and watch 2016 with us as we go
through it every single day hey kiss my
mouth I got the fireworks fire it ain't
New Year's without a little firework
