I think setting up Christmas is
seriously so fun but taking it down is
just as fun because you get to clean
your picking up and even better
it's Jackson's birthday
Jackson is taking a nap
my gel Cal guy is just sitting here you
played with your toys and Jared we are
taking down Christmas this tree so Ellie
and I were taking off the ornaments on
the Christmas tree
and I think how many silver ones that we
start out with like eight silver ones
and now we have like two or three so
thank you Jackson for taking those down
throughout the season we appreciate it
very very much Joel is in the house
ladies and gentlemen Joel came over and
we're gonna go have some lunch y'all has
a day off today so we're gonna go have
some fun
is it okay yeah you cool with that okay
you want me to bring you back like a
donut yes yeah I'll leave the keys with
you in case you want to go anywhere
special Jackson's asleep
Calvin's playing a 3-mile I'm taking
Christmas down I don't think I'm going
anywhere special Jeremy are you sitting
on your pillows did you go boo-boo you
did do you like your pillows sup baby oh
oh he wants us let's go get him guess
who's here oh I thought you'd say Oh
Joel Jackson who is that yeah yeah
say uncle Joel
he just wants Cody we definitely didn't
plan this like Jared going to lunch with
Joel no going out I just kind of worked
out perfectly
I told Bonnie I was like I'm going into
town I'm gonna go get some workout gear
I'm sure a lot of companies are getting
a lot of money right now from run from
people buying a workout clothes but we
are here and we're gonna go look at some
cute workout clothes I'm excited to work
out for many reasons because it's
freezing outside it'll give me a jet of
the kids an excuse to go somewhere
during the days and I'm also excited
because I have been wanting to work out
for a very very long time but I've just
been too tired to be honest having
Calvin like the first four months I just
there's no way and I'm just very excited
to know I have been the same way since
eighth grade like junior high I have
been I I was this weight when I got
pregnant with Jackson hi Jackson
naturally went back got pregnant had
Calvin naturally went back I've always
sat at the same weight and so I'm
excited to go get a personal trainer
that way I can build some muscle that
way I can feel good and it's good with
like PCOS and thyroid to like work out
I'm just excited to kind of have a fresh
start a fresh year Bonnie and I were
like Zumba
together like there's a lot of fun
things that you could do in the next few
months while it's cold outside so I am
very much so looking forward to it I got
a few goodies I have to go through here
and what am I saying I'm plugging them
all like the same thing yeah yeah yeah
yeah there's a few cute things this is
my clipping now mom mom mom I know
you're watching and remember your purple
boxing gloves you've had ever since
you're like a little girl
look what
my is that not funny or what
while Ellie was out and about I have one
thing that I really wanted to do and
that was to help and get the Christmas
tree down as you can see I didn't do
that mostly because I was a little
distracted with the kids but also
because we got something in the mail
that I'm pretty excited about we well
let me say this first so we have ever
since Jackson was born I got a little
thing from work his a Belkin net camp
and we've been using that for our baby
monitor and we have to plug it into our
phones it's like a Wi-Fi cam we use it
with our phones and everything and
sometimes it does well it does what we
need but it's not all that great and
everything
now with Calvin he was gonna be in his
room or he's gonna be in our room so we
wanted to get a couple other cameras to
put up in there Missy and Brian have had
this and they said they'd really like it
these these summer cameras here so I've
gotten a monitor that can be on so I'm
pretty excited about that we're gonna
put one in the kids room probably one in
our bedroom when Calvin's asleep because
he likes to sleep there okay now that
I've got that set up now Ellie I can
take the tree down okay I'm gonna take
the tree down now
Jackson loves my perfume every door
anything out of my purse I just walked
down and I said what that he likes to
take fun little gadgets and put right
there what is that called
say perfume ma'am that's Mama's you like
Cologne Jackson he wear that Cologne -
uh-huh you thought that was pretty so
you put it there to truck around so we
have a little story to tell Ellie and I
were out of town last week when the
garbage man came or at least we just
weren't home when the garbage man came
and we totally forgot to put out all of
the garbage so we have quite the
substantial amount of garbage because of
Christmas and all the boxes and
everything and yeah so this is what a
normal garbage can looks like right now
and then we've got all of this stuff
right here so I want to break we're
crazy animals Ellie I want to break down
some of these boxes but I need more room
in here and I figured I might as well
pull out the camera I'm gonna stomp on
this and it's probably more dangerous
than I should be doing so I'm gonna fill
have Ellie film me stomping on the
garbage because something bad might
happen and it might be fun for you guys
regular sweet for me
oh good job I have to thank you my leg
some help because my head knows I'm
standing there all gets plowed
okay I have one more project that I'm
gonna do tonight I'm going to set it up
and I'll have Ellie explain to you guys
what we're doing okay help me take the
mattress off pillows will not do it any
longer with Kelvin on our bed especially
at night
Calvin likes to take his naps and his
crib where he does pretty well in his
crib he pretty much sleeps with us still
she feeds a few times a night still and
so he ends up just with in bed with us
so jared is setting up this cool crib
literally he's worth like 20 bucks for
both of these
not too shabby right no this is pretty
cool we have a crib mostly bigger a
giant crib we literally used to be in a
crib I'm in our new house here this will
be the guest bed and we are getting a
huge size bed think you would be out of
our bed but we'll see how sleeping
actually is kind of fun do you wanna
sleep in bed with us now don't make this
a habit mom we're pretty bed reels on
her bed it's a habit well they are set
up and by the time we have a baby
monitor watching yeah I think I'm gonna
feel a lot better
between 8:00 and whenever I go to bed
with you in here I think Calvin is
seriously getting ready to break a tooth
but because chin is all red his cheeks
are red he's drooling if you've got two
teeth in there I know they're come in
but it's time for bed so I'm going to
get him and Jackson to bed okay so
that's what it looks like we've got a
temporary setup here that we are anxious
to try and see yep and Jackson you've
got to go to bed too shall we put you
down for bed no comment
well I'm sitting here thinking oh I'm
gonna go to bed and it's gonna be great
I haven't ended the vlog yet Ellie and
the kids are in bed and they
been asleep for a while and I'm like
crap we need in the vlog guys I want to
just say thank you so much for watching
the video today I hope you guys have a
wonderful New Year's Eve and we'll see
you guys in the new year
