Wow look at all those birds Texan do you
see all those birds wonder where they're
going hopefully this is an Alfred
Hitchcock movie whoa there they go
oh my gosh we gotta find a new camera do
you guys see this smudge right here that
is on this is a brand new camera and
that is only very very inside of the
lens and this is like huge but it is so
expensive and like you you bet you're
not you can break easily
it's a whoopee it's a wimpy body but
it's yeah it's a great camera but the
build I just I think that's too many
holes and you gotta find when you camera
okay so let's go and do a little bit of
detail here we have used Canon cameras
from the very beginning and we love
Canon cameras they have such amazing
quality I mean ever since the canons 300
HS we use the 330 we use the canon s120
the canon s1 have the t5 i and now we
have a g7 X this is the third canon g7x
that we've had lens issues with where
there's tons of stuff that gets inside
the lens and we do a really good job at
making sure we don't keep the lens open
we only have an open one we're vlogging
so we're kind of frustrated because you
know these these are expensive obviously
we have to get cameras because this is
what we do we film you know so we have
to get cameras my question is do you
guys know of a good fix other than
sending it to Canon for two weeks to
have them fix the stuff on the inside of
the lens or do you recommend another one
so kind of what I'm thinking right now
is the Sony Mark 4 RX RX 8 mark 4
I could be mixing up cars and cameras I
don't know but the summer you Mark for
shoots 4k has super slow motion that's
the thing that I'm thinking I'm gonna
get next because we can't have these
these little blobs hanging out in our
video the blobs are not welcome in our
videos we had one yesterday we have one
today oh my thing is they're just these
are so expensive and you know you drop
we have had cameras that we've dropped
they have been through the wringer and
you did it headstand online they still
holds up but these ones like you even
like Nick it a little like the body
breaks so it's like oh just kind of
frustrating so we on our drive we were
going to be searching new cameras or
cameras leave a comment and get it fixed
and get them the place because we'll
still use cameras ok rant over on to the
road trip for the family photo shoot our
road trip has been interesting it had
two times our wipers are not really our
fluid well our fluid was empty so I
filled it up and now the the sprayers
aren't spraying OH
they literally does remember it did this
the other day at mom's sometimes it
wouldn't work for me and sometimes it
would that's so weird
okay we could not see on the freeway
yeah we've had to put over twice I had
to sit like this and look out a corner
it's super dangerous yeah Jax have felt
like Calvin's awake so I'm going to jump
in the back feed him I'm gonna feed him
I have a gift here for
the lady that's taking our pictures
today is a very special day special
emotional sad day I'm sure for her she
lost her baby boy I believe nine years
ago 12 years ago maybe and I had no idea
that it was today she's it's today yeah
I saw she posted something yesterday I
was like oh so she's taking the day and
spending with us and I felt very
grateful for her so I got her a little
gift and that's what happened a lot of
her are you ready to eat
are you ready to eat oh you are oh you
just want your pizza okay guys it is
beautiful look at the mountains of the
snow we are getting ready to take our
family pictures we got balloon he's got
99 red balloons oh I shouldn't have done
that
we got balloons Kelvin is fed and happy
oh I got a little bit of apple sauce on
you and your chin there you go you're
cleaned up Jackson are you excited you
you're tweeting away seats reading for
me trying to find Elmo they call me now
it is so cold outside we're taking a
little break
whoa my hands are so cold I almost
dropped the camera ha ha he's got your
chapstick it is so beautiful these guys
over here just way over there are
building a ramp to jump over the street
so I hope they finish before we're done
so I can film them doing that oh it's so
cold
hi guys are you warming up hi Jackson is
that the camera hi camera mommy is
talking with Shanna the photographer and
we're just chilling here in the car
warming up and everything I think we got
is some good photos so we're all done
with the photo shoot spend pretty great
isn't it Kelvin did you have fun are you
gonna drive us home now okay just as
long as you keep it under 50 and stay in
your lane okay then we'll be good
Jackson you've got a sucker mom is
gonna be right back to grab you and then
we'll be on our way we're gonna have a
fun day
it was super cold but super beautiful I
and I looked at some of the pictures I
think they're gonna turn out really
really good they're not quite done yet
but look at that jump that was so cool
they're gonna do it
are they sledding are they snowboarding
that's do that I would totally do that
if someone did it first
a busy road oh they would make sure that
no one's driving i if i saw someone do
it then i would totally do it I don't
know if I would go first though all I
wanted all I wanted was a good picture
of Jackson and a good picture of all of
us as a family
and that was a shot and she even got
tons of cousins taken care of
Jared ran up to get hot cocoa Jackson
was crying so she took a few of me and
Calvin and they are like to die cold so
picture goals ha ha ha are you happy now
honey you want more candy well by golly
I'll give you more candy because I made
you stand in the cold cold snow and hot
cocoa we'll get you some of that but
we're all gonna go to lunch and then
we'll go to our friend Davey's house to
get in there
mmm
we are a phone Davies House of visiting
and Jackson found a bearded dragon did
you know you have that yes Barry Joe
this is a really good gecko
hanging on you a little bit more hyper
though Jackson they're not bad how about
come look at it on our way home Jer and
I stopped at April and Davies house the
hall that we were meeting so that their
new little sweet baby you've got to
check out her hair Calvin have some
explaining to do and this is a bearded
dragon yeah and does it bite super nice
I think those kind of animals are so
hard to touch they are yelling it was so
weird so it's a bearded dragon huh Jared
yeah that was Jackson I thought that was
you coming at me with I was like hey
wait wait wait excuse me Jackson come no
he's gone well that's cool cool pet guys
here put him on Calvin's batted kidding
no no no no no I'm kidding I'm kidding
I'm kidding no I don't know one time
someone told me is that their snake
didn't bite and it bit me it was
Bonnie's old boyfriend snake bit me and
I'm always ticked Jarrod I do not like
that event in there that way that way
you can buy this it's kind of cute look
at him standing it's kind of cute he's a
good bad that's funny
who's faster Calvin or the dragon lady
Calvin
go come get that he's like let me lick
you
really the kitchen apple in there Ready
Set say it go made a pit stop at Mom's
on the way back home
we are tired from driving Calvin you
were not loving the car seat
Cherie why are you so cute why are you
so cute holding your cousin to God
you're happy but your mom was just
saying does he do this is everybody he
really doesn't he knows who you are
he was like kissing you like just he
knows exactly who grandma is twinners
yeah what about everyone the whole
world's twin enough yeah but I have
always liked mom or plot before it was
cool man last time it was cool I want to
know what I think is cute is I used to
run home from school because my niece
sherry was here and I would play with
her and now my niece sherry is playing
with my kid why are you so cute to him
is it because we used to be we used to
be we still are but I used to run home
from school play with you and you are so
cute
so throughout the day Ellie and I have
been talking and researching and looking
into things and I've gone to Twitter and
asked questions about different cameras
that we could use in place of a g7x dad
and I we're gonna go have fun at Best
Buy for a little bit see if they'll send
this back to canon to see if they can
fix it and then pick up another camera
while we're there I know which one I
have in mind but I think we'll do a
little side by side comparison once I
get it well I've got some good news and
I've got some bad news one bad news and
one not so bad news
the bad news is is they didn't have the
camera that I was looking for the not so
bad news is they actually took the
camera that had the big speck of dust
that you saw from earlier in the vlog
and they're shipping that off to fix the
the cool thing about that is I've got
another camera here that isn't near as
bad to vlog with for the rest of the day
so cross your fingers hope it works your
babies and this drive weighs me out I've
been thinking a lot about this coming
year and Jer and I have been talking a
lot together about things that we want
to do Jared and I have talked a lot
today that were together a lot but are
we mentally together quality yeah and
I'm excited 2016 is gonna be a lot of my
pictures was a lot of fun I think we're
gonna go ahead and say good night thanks
for watching Jackson is out
Calvin is asleep Calvin to see so let's
go put our babies to bed okay love you
I'll see you tomorrow
