ready one two there you go it's not all
good tape all over good morning guys he
took the tape I was just like Jackson
look at me I like your hair um good
morning guys we were just getting ready
to go we have a million and half errands
to run
Calvin is asleep let it be known in his
crib
purchase that enough good job
laundry is done thank you
alrighty ladies and gentlemen it is 1026
in the morning and we have a
chiropractor at 11:30 we have about
15,000 errands that we have to run ok
more like 5 but we want to see how many
errands we can do before the
chiropractor appointment le are you
ready to go you're already stressed is
it because hey wait a second we have a
camera no we have 2 cameras we just
carefully Jackson are you ready to go
you want okay buzz are you ready to go
woody are you ready to go Calvin are you
ready to go let's go we've got to go to
the bank and then we've got a ship off
the Nintendo 2ds and the Polaroid camera
and then and then what else do we have
to do we have to do a bunch of other
stuff so let's go oh my god we were
running out the house where there is a
camera I just opened up my wallet to
grab my checks to go to the bank it was
right there found the camera I honestly
love days like this he kind of hectic
it's kind of stressful but it's exciting
you got to get the things that you need
done it's the last Monday of the entire
year so I've got to tell you a quick
story well Logan Best Buy you failed me
again so the story goes like this
we had the Polaroid camera with two
accessories and Jackson was playing with
one of them and we cannot find it
anywhere so I went to Best Buy to go get
the other accessory and they don't have
it so we either have to go find another
one ship another one or we're just in
bad luck next errand oh it was so good
bank check oh boom check because the
bank you check the check mark and it's a
check that you deposit or withdrawal or
something like that something
okay I'm gonna make an executive
decision here Jackson this is very hard
for me to do but I've got to do it I've
got to do what's important and what is
best for everyone
we called two stores went to two
different stores they didn't have what
we needed so what we're gonna do we're
gonna ship out what we do have of the
Polaroid camera and then we're just
gonna order it online and ship it to the
same damn house yeah that's what we're
gonna do so don't worry you're gonna get
it we're just gonna have to ship it to
you separately one more errand and then
the chiropractor it is crunch time I am
here at the post office and we are going
to ship away to give away winners prizes
this is the most exciting thing is like
getting to the post office and sending
this stuff out I think this is I feel
like today is such a great day we made
it here with two minutes to spare
everything's going my way except for
this little black dot that's on the
screen that I keep saying it's kind of
driving me crazy
these cameras they get some so much
stuff in the lens okay Jackson you ready
to rock and roll yeah so the thing is
favorite toy ever Jackson can you come
ride the horse say giddyup cowboy hmm
yes I'm pretty cute cailee I'm not sure
what happy is almost is sooner than we
think and I have a few things I want to
get together before his birthday
and I just happen to take the girl that
babysits us the kids to see if she could
come over and she came up that means I
think we are going to leave Calvin and
we will have a date so we will go to our
shopping place and then out to dinner
well guys it's official
we are January joiners I just signed up
at the gym for Ellie and I and you know
I actually feel really good about it I
definitely feel good and I know where
the stereotypical people who join the
gym we got the membership in January
it's gonna be like a WWE Raw at the
start of the year but you know I I'm
definitely of opinion it's better just
to do it you know not don't sit around
it's better to go and do than to sit and
stew ha ha and I think it's gonna be
really good and I'm definitely excited
for Ellie there was one person there
who's a personal trainer who's actually
a dietician and a trainer so I think
it's gonna be really helpful for Ellie
to have that you know I think this is
something that will help her a lot so
I'm excited it's gonna be great I'm
gonna lose a little bit of weight I'm
rhyming like crazy today this is insane
in the membrane okay I've gotta go home
both kids are asleep taking a nap and I
am wearing on our date night the
earrings that Jared got me for Christmas
so thank you so much dear I think
they're beautiful I hate the way I talk
but I have gotten everything ready to be
prepared for tomorrow tomorrow we were
going on a very very long drive we're
getting family pictures taken I have
bread snacks I'm going to be making
sandwiches in the morning I get a boil
water and put in here because we're
going to be taking pictures outside
that's gonna be really cold and so I'm
really excited for that I still can't
believe we have a date tonight I got all
dressed up I put some lipstick on Jared
do I look okay thank you
official date
hi hi how are you well I am I sure do we
are going to the toys wait a second wait
a sec let's be honest let's be real with
our audience we don't well sure that's a
lie hands like this my thumb is on top
that's how do you guys hold hands but
yes we are on a date so cool I really
wanted to get Jackson a marble run but
they don't have a marble run big marbles
they're all just a little small ones so
I'll pass on that for now while getting
Jackson's birthday gift Jer and I are
taking into consideration what we are
going to be doing this summer we're
going to be doing hikes walking camping
we're gonna be doing a lot of stuff that
we did before we had kids so hi kids
Hayek's lots of walking lots of
exploring just like lots of fun stuff
things we can get that will this is I'm
so excited that we're gonna be doing
this kind of stuff this is for his
birthday he's gonna be joining with us
and so is Calvin - obviously we're gonna
be doing lots of fun stuff that we did
before so it's gonna be fun family stuff
I think you can do anything
knowing you you could juggle on that we
could do it Jer I have something serious
I want you to do it
this is totally serious and I'm not even
messing around okay
I want you to make the ugliest face as
fast as you can go don't even have the
kids with me and I'm making messes I
can't take you anywhere
control yourself well we are back home
and the kids are in bed so that means
date night continues edit session Elia
might actually have a fun activity
planned for tomorrow we're going on a
little mini road trip we are doing
family pictures and Ellie is just the
cutest woman in the whole entire world
that I could ever even imagine what she
did is she actually got sandwiches made
she's got pretty much like everything we
need for the entire day tomorrow I just
think Eleanor so stinkin cute making
parent on these foods and snacks for us
for our little family
I think this log that was a good one any
fun I see where this different vlog
we're like we're going here we're going
there we're going here one there it was
a whirlwind of activities it's the last
Monday of the entire 2015 year we'll
never have another 2015 Monday no no
it'll all be 2016 until next year
thank you guys so much for watching we
appreciate you guys and we hope you have
a wonderful day
I'll see ya
Tomas Berdych le is sewing on a button
right now meanwhile I hear something
coming out of this vent right here so
let's look a little bit closer and find
out they call me mellow yellow' did you
hear that Jackson is singing they call
me mellow yellow' through the vent right
now
can you believe that this kid is crazy
