ready one two again ready set again
I think we are just getting ready for
our Sunday Q&A Calvin you getting ready
you got play with all the toys in there
yeah that's a big jump come here I can
show you though hey Calvin I wanted to
miss you guys could see there you go
he's kind of heavy huh
or I'm button wants a shirt hey okay I
got my lunch packed up my boots time
tight I hope I don't get in a fight it's
up front
unschooling huh back to school to prove
to dad that I'm not a fool I got my
lunch packed up my boots pad tight hope
I don't get in a fight I think I have my
questions do you have yours I don't have
any questions picked out Ellie he's
doing like a bad example I protect you
from any facebook crazy things you can
think of his brother now that's so good
Jackson can you show some more high five
good job ah that's my boy
okay I took my teeth out kind of my
visit line out so I wouldn't be too
annoying because we're gonna be talking
a lot in this video so one of the
questions that you guys asked for our
Q&A is from Michaela Sierra she says
what are your backyard plans for your
new house that has been one of the most
challenging parts of buying the property
and finding a house and working with the
backyard because it is very very steep
we're gonna have to landscape it quite a
bit I have a guy that has come out and
looked at it and has given me some
options but what what we ideally want is
to still have a really nice Hill for the
summer the kids can slide down
with the hose or in the winter we could
slide down whitey runnin huh it'd be a
nice big backyard yeah we're gonna make
it so we can have enough recreation area
there'll be enough room to throw up all
around there will be enough for now a
job a hot tub yeah we want a hot tub
any times but it's definitely there's
gonna be a couple Hills to it probably
just cuz of retaining walls this is this
is a great one from karlie Bauder she
says what will your new year's
resolutions be as a family so what
resolutions do you plan to start eating
here at the family this is great this is
something that Jared and I have talked a
lot about the past few weeks especially
this morning we had a very emotional
conversation to him it was it was a good
conversation and that's something that
Ellie and I do everyone so we'll have
like little check-ins and everything but
one like how are we doing as parents how
are we doing with each other how are we
doing as far as work like how do we
balance everything and I think that one
of the biggest things that we're going
to do in 16 is make sure that we have
more balance we have more time with each
other we're more efficient with work and
everything we want to spend more quality
time with each other and that leads into
what is one of our things that we'll be
doing as well is there is a really cool
gym here in town where we took Jackson
for his swimming lessons and it's a gym
swimming lessons racquetball all this
kind of stuff you can have personal
trainers but they also have a play area
for children there aren't old enough to
participate in activities when Jackson
is jewelry he can participate in some
activities aside from the one-on-one
with swimming there will be an area for
Calvin to go and play at and there's an
area for Jackson to go color paint and
Playa and that will give me a jared some
quality time to not only have quality
time together but also to work out
I don't know physical cries want to get
a personal trainer and I want to do I've
been wanting to do this for a long time
it's just a matter of my energy
I wanted to do it that's my goal as I
want to be a little okay essentially I
want to gain weight essentially a little
bit what in your plan is to lose a
little weight in to get fit yeah because
I had the goal of going to the gym like
three times a week ever since Calvin was
born I stopped I was doing really good
up until May but I think because we have
like the kid watching option that we'll
both go together and we'll keep each
other in check and it'll be fun because
the kids will kind of have their play
time we'll have a little break but we'll
also be together and we'll work out so
that is like our biggest thing and we're
probably good to go like tomorrow and
sign up we're very excited
Lizza town says do you plan on living in
your new house for the rest of your life
where the kids go back after they moved
out do you are you gonna build your
house like that um for more kids filming
room playroom yes we will have a guest
room we will take one of the bedrooms
and turn it into my filming room Jared
will have a an actual office and the
kids they'll be bedrooms for you know a
few kids so we are I think it's
definitely set up that it can be our
forever home I don't think we're going
to like you never know what's gonna
happen when you 30 years true you never
know but I think it's definitely a house
I would could be our forever home
um they did say she said sorry that's a
lot you're just fine and then she said I
bet that is going to be a huge house
it's gonna be about the size of my mom
and dad's house so that's a very big in
my eyes um so we are very very very
excited I am loving this comment it's
from I've been I can't even say it
um what would your advice be for an
infant that won't sleep in their own bed
any tips
my daughter's nine months and will not
sleep in her bed love you love you too
right back at you I got a seven month
old but mostly Finn his dead so I'm not
the one for advice um sorry little twerp
but we love it I like keeping with you
only like photos we like cuddly bears
this question is from Kenzie Lynne Jared
are you going to be keeping up on the no
soda for 2016 if not what are your new
goals so here's the situation so on
April 21st last year or I guess this
year
I have the goal to not drink dr. pepper
or soda for the year and so on April
21st 2016 I am totally going to drink a
dr. pepper on my birthday this has been
really hard but it's been fun it's been
a good challenge for me but I'm totally
going to dr. pepper on my birthday and
it's gonna be so so sweet and so so nice
dr. pepper unless you now this question
is necessarily 2016 related but we have
had it a few times especially from Katie
Katie wants to know do you like Harry's
and what was the promo code for Harry's
again the answer is yes I actually
really do enjoy Harry's in fact I have
my box right over here it's funny
because Ruby and Kevin actually gave us
a box of Harry's there wasn't the hairs
inside of it but yeah that's that's the
box right there with their gift but yeah
I really do enjoy Harry's I like the
shave a lot it's a good quality shave
every time that I do shave with it it's
very nice and clean and I've enjoyed it
a lot the promo code how it works when
you order some shaving supplies on
Harry's Dom they give you five dollars
off your first order so for example the
Truman set is normally $15 but you get
five dollars off your first order and
you get it for ten bucks and they ship
it for free to your door right now they
actually have a cool thing where they
send you a cool little travel bag it's a
limited edition holiday bag and I like
it very much
but yeah you just get like some shaving
cream a nice razor oh wow this is the
Holiday Edition gold one look at that my
leg but yes in short if you go to
harrys.com and use a promo code Ellie
and Jared you get five dollars off first
order I really like it I know the
holidays are coming to an close but it
is still a really good gift and I like
it so I think you guys will like it tale
all-in-all 2016 is going to be a great
year and I am so excited and I think the
cool thing about the New Year's is it
feels I feel like you get a clean slate
it's another year to do something new to
do something exciting to change and
start over from the beginning at least
that's the way I feel so I feel like
2016 is going to be set up for our best
year yet and I cannot be more excited I
cannot be more thrilled and I think you
guys are going to be
having kids though oh yeah yeah well you
never know
Oh Kevin know what I was like no babies
this year well we'll see about that -
you have QT we do we do have two babies
but we got a lot of questions about what
our plans are for 2016 and what I want
to say is come along the ride with us
make sure you're subscribed to our
Channel and you guys can see exactly
what we do every single day it's going
to be a huge adventure and we can't wait
for it so 2016 is not only going to be
awesome and exciting for us I know it's
gonna be for you guys so I want you guys
to comment down below what your plans
and your goals are for 2016 thank you
guys so much for watching be sure to hit
the subscribe button and we'll see you
guys next time
hair cut could you give me two soon oh
my gosh Jackson are you ready to be two
years old
that's a good boy getting your hair cut
gotta look good for the start of the
year anyway guys thank you again so much
for watching and we'll see you tomorrow
bye Calvin can you say bye say bye bye
