you know it's going to be a great day
when you wake up and make biscuits and
gravy
they don't taste they probably won't
taste amazing because the biscuits I did
had make but still it's going to taste
very very good
okay oh the best and my both kids last
night in a matter of like ten minutes
from each other both held like and nasty
nasty like what would you call it a
raspy cough like a raspy cough it was
Jackson was so sad Calvin was so sad
both boys slept really great Jackson is
still asleep and it is almost 9 o'clock
ladies and gentlemen we are doing airbag
testings today would you mind um do you
want me to to film the crash test yes
Jackson ready did you see go on
oh these don't close seat belt how
unsafe hey hold on tight one hold on
tight two three no poor Jimmy down would
you feed up okay one two where do your
bags Jackson he's like I want to go that
way
we just got word that my parents are
going to come over and say hi and we
currently are just playing with our toys
all morning Jarrod's playing with toys
I'm working on it's Christmas vlog it's
good yeah get us seen our dresses a lot
it's really fun to watch and this whole
week this whole lot it's it's so much
fun I'm so excited like I just love the
holidays just spending time with family
and friends and play marketing for the
next like eight nine minutes because
that's what we're gonna do all day you
Bert this is a good time you interrupted
me showing what the kids are doing as I
was saying the kids are just playing
with their toys all day come was very
happy I have his little bucket full of
all of his gadgets that he likes okay
sir it's time for lunch let me grab the
door for you here you go yeah your lunch
is right over there we got to sit down
in your chair do you want to come oh you
want mama oh do you want to stay in the
car
do you want to eat lunch in your car he
wants to eat lunch in his car Ellie you
like Apple oh he wants a little smoky
that's dangerous Jackson you just got
this car you don't want to spill in it
do you
oh he's getting Apple to Oh Jackson
you're getting a little greedy you want
the other one huh okay take a bite take
a bite yeah it's an apple oh good job
okay just don't spill on the new
interior okay we just got this cleaned
it's a brand new car right okay make
sure you take care of it the luxury of a
child right the luxury then we have this
luxury but like you're a child and you
have this luxury he he definitely has
his own car before I did you get to not
only have a new car you get eat it in it
as well look who's on our door I
the kids in Ellie are taking a quick
little nap because they have just been
playing so hard today and having so much
fun I on the other hand and doing
something I think is pretty cool right
now I'm going through all of the
comments on the video where we are
giving away a Nintendo 2ds so here in
just a second I am going to pick the
winner I've already been in contact with
the person who won the camera so I'm so
excited to give this away to someone
just woke up and someone is excited to
play with Texan are you so excited to
your brother
is that your blanket for sharing he's
nuzzling honestly is he really
oh so Jackson woke up about 30 minutes
ago and then Ellie and Calvin just came
down and Jackson just loves it my guess
ages he came up in run - Ellie oh it was
like mama give him a big up baby baby
baby and I was like you want him down he
said yeah and then then hugged him as
hard as he could for like 30 seconds
were like Wi-Fi camera you guys are so
cute you know that this is what
Christmas break is about taking naps
geez I go go oh why won't it come hey
Jackson what you doing Jackson want hot
cocoa that's just what we are doing but
I put a scoop but peppermint ice cream
in each cup then we're gonna put some
hot cocoa in and then we're gonna put
one of these in there
so it's gonna kind of be hot cocoa hey I
got any you want to put candy in there
yeah well I guess we could do that too
or putting everything else in there
putting one of those in there Oh what am
I forgetting we could even sprinkle
pepper flakes on there I just put pop
rocks in it too just for fun look what
it does Ellie here should we get some
dr. pepper and put it into this is a
cocktail he has a choc hot chocolate
cocktail it really crackles when you put
more over it
Jackson's like I want some I want some
you'll get some don't worry buddy
now this is what I call a family
gathering we're all just sitting here on
the kitchen floor having our amazing a
hot chocolate that Ellie's created I
think I wanted the living room so we
decide in Calvin's like what's this hot
chocolate you guys are talking about you
talk about it a lot I want some of it
what's this hot chocolate
ding some of you guys may not know this
I just thought about as I was sitting
down here cause Ellie's sitting
cross-legged and I am NOT and it's
because I can't like that's I think
that's one of like the biggest
inhibitors of my hip surgery she's like
I can't really sit cross-legged I can
like I can put my body in that position
but it really hurts so like I can I can
do that but this leg I can't push down
all the way because it there's a pin
that blocks me from doing that I don't
know why I thought about that I should
say it but I did so there you go Shh the
more you know
oh he's so mad well dr. Calvin could
crawl now he got his hot chocolate no
he's mad that he got a taste of it he's
like I want more oh yeah you last
culture of kalfus oh yeah here I'll
drink I'll drink it so you can help some
Jackson if you can or Calvin if you can
take a step you can have some here pick
them up all changing oh let's wipe it up
alright ladies and gentlemen this is one
of the moments that you have been
waiting for can I get a drumroll please
but we have a winner of the contest
today the Nintendo 2ds contest and the
winner is the Chamberlain family family
family family family congratulations
guys you just won the Nintendo 2ds yes I
already sent you a message on Facebook
so if you reply to that we can get it
shipped off to you over the past week or
so Ellie and I have done some donating
we've done some giveaways and it's all
been awesome and we have one last thing
that we're going to do as you guys
probably know Brian and Missy have an
awesome campaign going on we are going
to be donating to Brian and Missy's
anchor Cambodia campaign where they
raise money to help the lives of those
in Cambodia so if you guys want to check
that out I'll have a link to it down
below they have some pretty cool prizes
in fact they're doing like a playlist
live contest they're doing t-shirts and
all that cool stuff so we're going to be
making a donation to that if you guys
want to check it out I'll have a link to
that down below too sometimes you just
have to hold on do the squatty potty oh
you're done sometimes I think he should
have a squatty potty I feel bad kids
it's great okay change him oh geez
that's going to do that one I kind of
love this it is an hour past Jackson's
bedtime the house is a mess and we just
ate food Jerrod shakos family Jackson
sweeping the floor
Calvin's asleep for now I'm talking with
the list I'm not doing very well talking
and I find this line but I do love this
I love that we're just hanging out like
we hang out every day but we just have
made the time to just be together all
day like all day yeah and I love it are
you come sweet like Laura fact that we
home hurts me I've been wondering if
after all these years you'd like to end
the vlog with me my dear Ellie don't
know what I'm doing I want to know what
you're doing I'm reading about babies
and sleep and their brain that's what I
usually doing that's cool that's fun of
it if I'm not breastfeeding or changing
poopy diaper I'm reading about babies
and breastfeeding and changing poopy
diapers yeah yeah me too
we talked a lot about poop on this vlog
in fact I think there's a clip earlier
about us talking about poop on the vlog
okay there's a vlog I actually put with
your pants on the fourth of July so just
want to let you guys know we are going
to be doing our weekly Q&A tomorrow well
today for you guys tomorrow for us we're
going to be doing it on my Instagram so
go make sure you guys are following me
it's just Jared Meachem instagram.com
slash Jared me come follow me leave a
comment and I think we want to do like
questions about 2016 that's that's gonna
because it's gonna be it's going to be
the last Q&A before the brand new year
so let's have a 2016 themed Q&A okay so
I'm good uh-huh
cool so Ellie and I are just hanging out
I am editing the vlog and she's reading
them up everything and on that note
thank you guys for watching and we'll
see you tomorrow bye
member
