good morning guys the kids just woke up
but I snuck downstairs first and I saw
something very special I can't believe
it
santa came so we are gonna get the kids
down here as soon as we can oh my gosh
this is so exciting yet getaway for a
busy it can't let's go get the kids
Jackson Calvin Jackson Jackson Calvin
Calvin Jackson guess what
guess what guys guess what guess what
Merry Christmas Merry Christmas jackson
santa came should we go see what he
brought oh you're already running out
there won't mall let's go exit oh my n
let's go oh yeah do a scintilla yes go
down the stairs Kallen
Jackson is racing that's dead ah I'm so
exciting right then you know it's crazy
but last year we only had Jacksonville
Kalika my first Christmas Merry
Christmas Merry first Christmas Calvin
ready ah what do you see
oh yeah did you - you already had that
what do you see over there Jackson
Jackson what do you see over there don't
mean to come with you
okay let's go let's go together Jackson
what are those huh he's looking for
Santa look what Santa brought Jackson do
you see those oh yeah yeah he is a Santa
oh whoa what is that it's kind of like
spider-man huh
haha you swimmin Jackson
Calvin what he team thank you
choo-choo here pull right here bum but a
bum bum up out up wow what is that
Jackson
it's a choo-choo is that so fun yeah
should we open it you want to open it
are you gonna help Calvin oh ho that's
so nice of you Jackson
I hear something
oh they can play with something in the
car
yeah okay like that
that's easy smiling I just stared at it
Oh Jackson I denied it out I loved it
lucky ball yet too much take it yes
where it is little on language that's an
airplane cake Allen
maybe this will make you like your crab
maybe look at it look at you Jackson's
dancing he's gonna have an awesome time
in the tub yes he is plain this is a
cool stinking plane what we're all for
this one this is your last one can open
it up Oh what could it be
start right here no Stan do you know
what that is Jackson these will make
your very own bath bomb huh
you put you put this and it's a bath
bomb in the bath and it changes colors
is that cool yeah yeah but this is
cooler Cal is gonna love it
will Sri put you in it I'm gonna get you
I'm gonna get you Jackson I'm gonna get
you Jackson I'm gonna get you I'm gonna
get you I'm gonna get you oh yeah yeah
you just say happy birthday so happy
first Christmas oh you said happy first
birthday you only get your guy going I
have guy this is so cool yeah no both
play with it like all the time look in
him he couldn't even get his little feet
going and he'll start spinning around
hmm this is cool yeah it is
Merry Christmas I just love like I'm so
excited for these kids okay Ellie I
think it's your turn open a prison okay
Jackson guess what this present is for
Mom wanna help me I'll help you open it
you look at the packaging tonight
ah
Mary Mary first Christmas Calvin oh my
goodness and I can't believe this is
your only second Christmas daddy is
being a good dad and setting up your
train trying to you okay I need you to
pop rocks do all some okay
they're popping already huh he's like
okay stated sugar yeah oh I can hear a
bumping in there is that cool okay I
think I've got your next gift ready if
you are ready somebody is tired from
opening gifts oh I want you to open this
one
go straight my serrated knife
oh my gosh yep guys can I say last year
I got I wanted this knife a nice knife
and I'm slowly replacing my old one too
aren't very nice and I don't want to be
used all year it's the only thing I've
use all year yeah thank you you're so
welcome and that will double as a ninja
sword for Jackson the Rays look amazing
yeah I can't wait to throw away my
chicken that is a amazing chef's knife
right there um that way for you to mix
tape well I think I know what Jackson's
favorite gift is is the gift of
delicious snacks let me see your hand
buddy let me see this hand you've got
white chocolate all over your hands in
all of your mouth yes Calvin's down I
think I'm ready to go from somewhere
nice
well let me show you here why don't you
open this one I you probably were
sensing a pattern here a little open up
this one which I love my knives I cannot
wait to throw at your limbs
our cookies whoa what do you think
Garden scissors anymore
that is so cool Thank You June you're
welcome well you can probably guess what
this one is and what these ones are all
right mama
you've got your knife set it's time to
go save the world
this is cool because we won't ever have
to buy another knife set ever like we we
will so when we first got married we got
these knives right here and they serve
their purpose but there's like a hole
down the center of them and water just
collects there and everything and
they're just they're just a good knife
or you know for when you're first
starting out and last year I got this
knife for Ellie and it seriously has
been our favorite tonight yeah we still
keep in this little container because we
don't have like a wood block corner so
we are just adding to our set and adding
to our collection and we just oh wow you
know be bad huh maybe next year all the
stuff I can think about will be on your
house maybe I can pick up my my china
set yeah that would be fun and I think
that's gonna be like the coolest part is
we're gonna have a brand new house with
we have to put things in the house Ellie
like this like this knife block the last
gift of them all and I think Jared main
it is well I see I want you to go up in
it I see that text aleikum a briefcase
whoo it's a spender shall we open that
Jacqueline hmm
I in the case it's pretty yeah I'm
excited
Jackson are you ready for this he's a
shooting star go is that last so this is
so gorgeous this is a cool amp he can
use his phone mm-hmm to connect with it
okay don't get in it I'll hop out buddy
I'm gonna play right now while I am
updating my amp that's so funny that I'm
putting a software update on my amp or
firmware update Ellie I have one more
gift for you okay okay last year you got
me a gift and you stuck it in the tree
so that's what I did too idea I like
smog I'm you unsee it I put it higher
than you are tall so hahaha well thank
you you're welcome
you're such a good helper Jackson Wow
Wow
thank you you're welcome
do you like him yes Merry Christmas
thank you those are beautiful thank you
you're welcome
I hope you like oh you don't want to
Jared well I am Jared I sold the company
remember I left on a sore spot they
liked the name but beautiful do you like
him
thank you Merry Christmas it is a good
thing that Jackson too came dirty
because we're gonna go he's your man
don't give me about yeah
okay from the airplane and the guy the
color melts all right let's go check in
on Jackson and Ellie and see how their
new bath is okay drop one in whoa oh my
goodness I said I said yeah he can use
at all to ride in our bathroom I feel
yeah yeah you're on now chuckles look at
this one
whoo that's fun Jackson look at that all
right let's give this guy a little test
Roo and see what he can do okay ready
yep
swim swim swim swim swim we are having
as such of Monday is lunchtime day which
means we're just snapping all day about
some little Smokies going on we've got
our treats I got a little cheese ball
and I have some dip for some fruit um
Calvin just woke up on me he took a
little nap laying on me
Cal do you like your toy Cal has been
playing with this Jackson what do you
think of your rocks what do you think of
them
do you like them do you like them yeah
they're kind of cool and Jared finally
got him maybe now that um yeah I've just
been playing the I love it because I can
play music sir here and play along with
it so like
just like boom
instead I love it I love it I love it I
love I love you I love you I love you
either Jackson has a little bit of a
touch with his music side where he just
loves a minion movie because at the very
end during the credits they play mellow
yellow and just at the intro of the song
what did you say that's how he said they
call me mellow yellow did you like that
yeah is that a fun movie say they call
me mellow yeah wants to go in the
backyard okay this is a guy we are going
to get our snow gear on we're gonna head
up to the house and go sledding we just
pulled up to our lot and you look at all
the homes in the neighborhood and their
snow is nice and pretty and you can tell
that this is the official neighborhood
flooding area people have made a jump
over there it is so cool
we cannot wait to go sledding in our
backyard I can avoid this is our
backyard I cannot wait to start building
our home this is so fun the neighbor
could the neighbor kids I'm like oh we
and you can complain our backyard after
we build a house to know like know okay
I'm getting ready to go down ready ready
for me Jared okay ready set
that was so fast Jackie you love the
neighbor dog maybe next year we'll get a
dog wouldn't that be fun la maybe we
will I think that'd be a lot of fun okay
it's my turn to go down the hill Ellie
got some serious beat and there's a jump
right there
I'm gonna try and go for it here we go
here we go we're gonna beeline right for
Jentezen let's try it again
ready go I get there good let's go I
like going with you I'm sorry I ruined
everything
let's go here we go
ready set go
who is that fun she had a smile halfway
there you did danger oh yeah okay
Jackson ready hey hold on tight go I too
big ready
ready set go
I got good handles you little body is
barely holding on okay ready set go we
were just hanging out on Bonnie's
basement and this is Vicki B so excited
to start our house I don't think I've
been this excited until
just that that's our next thing is we're
gonna be building a house you know like
one of my favorite things about here
like Jakarta so the carpet is one thing
I commented on Sean Garces carpet is
nice yeah I mean Joel did such an
awesome job as a thing that I like think
is the coolest but how these little guys
right here you know take the buggies out
how that's cool yeah so like your kid
your walls free of cables and everything
is just like so organized that's cool
all right it's a beautiful day on
Christmas Day and we are out here in the
field of snow with the four-wheeler and
the sled and joel has gracious enough to
drive us around on the sled and we're
going to take some turns and we're going
to Barrow through this snowman let's do
it we're gonna crush it it is cold it's
about 15 degrees outside right now and
the wind chill factor's a is pretty low
man and you're here to Olivia are you
ready to rock and roll let's do it
is it cold Olivia I don't know why
you're so much pain I was just fine we
went over a bump and there was a bunch
of slack in the cord and Joel gunned it
well not really got it but you went for
it
and it ripped us and Olivia's foot as
well
boom don't do it again don't do it again
don't do it again aren't you ready guys
here we go
well poop on a stick and slimy sideways
I just ruined everything I was taking
Joel on a nice Joyride and I broke it I
broke as if our day hasn't been perfect
enough for us
jared is setting up one last gift this
is not from Santa I think that it is
from a viewer so thank you so much
jared is setting up a little tribe what
you got can you help me set it up will
you help me watch his face does that
scare you Calvin
do you see him over there yes can you
pull the trigger pull the trigger pull
right here one two can you do it here
Ready Set pull it one here pull it it's
okay I'm helping you
can you pull that ready pull it hold the
trigger right here can you do it you
don't want to do it go on daddy to do it
alright car construction is now complete
and Jackson
are you ready to go for a joyride in
your new little coupe don't go for a
joyride oh and you've got your bath
bombs okay you ready wait do you have
your license are you a licensed officer
runaway Jackson runaway let's go right
get the drive kid hold on the wheel
Jackson hold on the way home steer you
gonna turn turn
I like that he has his bath melts Gusman
his favorite today he has taken two
baths today because he put those and
they made the color the water Jackson
made Christmas
well the kids are finally in bed and I
think both of us have lied with each kid
at least twice to get them to sleep I
leaned with Jackson once or twice
wonderful day
dad they did have a new kitchen but we
had tons of fun I just thought this was
like a really great Christmas I'm glad I
could spend it with my friend what I
think is fun as I told Jared I was like
we are having Christmas break until
January 3rd no we're like tomorrow I'm
lining my jammies like worgen I just
watch slots and play with our toys
please kids watch movies I can't wait to
just like get really good at the guitar
and the kids are asleep so I'm playing a
video game Ellie's gonna go take a bath
we're just gonna have fun with that wash
bomb really only one more we might have
to make a trip to Salt Lake and I just
thought they have some on cellphone um
yeah I have one more but Jackson has a
whole bunch of bath milk yes you made
all use them thank you guys so much for
watching the video one other thing that
blows my mind is that a year ago we
found out that we were having Calvin as
a you know Calvin was a boy like that's
crazy to me and how much has changed in
one year I'll be so sad without my cow
yeah little coal guy hmm oh I would be
so sad I'm glad he was a boy thank you
guys so much for taking the time and
watching these videos with us we
certainly appreciate you have a
wonderful day and Merry Christmas and
we'll see you tomorrow hi
member
