Merry Merry Merry Christmas Eve goes to
us both kids have been down for over two
hours at the same time hallelujah let's
eat lunch together is the best Christmas
present ever
we've got some very fun stuff planned
for the day and I'm so excited for the
kids to wake up like I'm seriously like
it's 3 o'clock and the kids are asleep
and I'm just like oh my god look it got
a wake-up we've got to do all these fun
things Ellie has all of this stuff
already prepared we are going to make
some really cool like sugar cookies but
they're like different because they have
like stained glass or something inside
of it not real stained glass but like
Jolly Rancher stained glass but we're
gonna make those and cook them in
everything right now fun dinner it's
gonna be so exciting it's just gonna be
a fun day with family and I love it
Merry Christmas Merry Christmas to you
and you and you and you and you and you
and everyone who's watching right now
Jackson yeah bye getting in car Merry
Christmas buddy did you have a good nap
hey do you see the stars on the ceiling
Oh Jimmy kiss mmm slightly rewritten
should we go see mom yeah let's go get
mom oh do it do it some juice yeah let's
go get some juice and lunch ahh
Kelsey hi good morning I can't believe
you are 7 months old
come here oh you are
Calvin hi Jackson Jackson Jackson I have
the best idea ever
okay no candy is not the idea although
that is very smart listen Jackson
show me your pockets what do you have in
your pockets yeah you have a car and
guess what we have on the garage a heck
of a lot of cardboard you know what
we're gonna do I just saw it like before
push the cars out on the table let's
build a course out of harbor and like
build a ramp up starts at the table and
goes down and jump would not be so fun
bet she's out with the car dad ever oh
no take about a sandwich
ah I hope out how let's take all
Invisalign
while Jarrett is getting the cardboard
box ready I have prepared we are ready
to make some sugar cookies and I am
doing something that I saw on the
Internet
it is going to be stained glass sugar
cookies as well so Jackson is going to
be playing a card and you'll start the
cookies and I'll kind of help and help
in between all of our fuzzies we're
doing
we've got to put a hold on construction
this is what we've got so far
holy cow holiday blowout sale coupon
aisle five Jackson I mean that is that
is the worst one I have ever seen from
you and smell it's awful man forgive
them that Merry Christmas mrs. Jackson's
present from us from him to us Ellie
Merry Christmas
okay let's give this a shot I have the
course part of the core set up we've got
the big ramp and we've got a small
little jump and a landing pad so let's
see how this goes Jackson are you ready
go all right food do you see that we
need a we need to scoot this back
whoo-hoo yeah Jackson haha was that
awesome
yeah all right Calvin it's your turn you
ready to drop it
Ready Set didn't quite make it did it
well the boys had a lot of fun playing
on the track with the cars and mom is in
here
frosting cookies oh look I think you're
doing great I think oh come on they look
good no they look good that's fun
okay so what's on the agenda for this I
think it's six o'clock we've been doing
this all day we should get the kids in
their pajamas and then I think we could
start opening some presents tell them
what we usually do because last year we
have questions like how you opening
gifts right now so what we usually do is
so we have some you know sibling gifts
from like my my family and some friends
that we open on Christmas Eve and then
on Christmas Day we see what Santa
brought us and gets from each other so
that's kind of how we do like the gifts
so friends and family like on Christmas
Eve
and then Santa and each other gifts on
Christmas tape so that's kind of how we
do it how do you guys do it what are
your favorite Christmas traditions that
you guys do um one thing that we have in
the fridge that I love I'm gonna show
you I'm really excited about Martin
Daly's a little sparkling cider oh I'm
so excited for that now is that
something we're gonna bust open with the
kids or when the kids go to sell and I
kids closely yes what are you doing
I am making a very special cookie do you
want a cookie with your name on it yes
and so far I think these are looking
very good now I just
that's our soap oh I just messed that up
there you go what do you think I kind of
mess it up but I actually like you I
love it it is seven o'clock and Calvin
has had two naps on his own both of them
have been two hours and he just fell
asleep on his own I am a very shocked
mom and whether it's teething
something's going on and I love it so
Jackson just ate and we are just getting
ready for dinner um I've got some hand
in the oven
oh he and up ro we're opening up this
and Jackson already ate so he's gonna
have a cookie while we oh he smell it
this is no good
oh yeah oh sorry Jackson you go fed you
go ahead as much fun as yesterday was
with all of the family all of the
excitement there's something special
about just sitting around the table with
my family and and just having a meal
with you guys you already had your
dinner Jackson so you have a cookie huh
I don't know I you know it's it's got
something you can do in the past couple
of years as we spend Christmas Eve just
us it's just our little family
yeah it'll carry those seriously them
yeah I love it it's so fun dang it Ellie
you're already damaged amaz hey money I
just got done rocking Calvin a little
bit you're only you pajamas Julie I say
all righty well so here's what well at
least why I took the chance checks jutsu
so in my family what we would do for
tradition kind of it's not it's not an
every year thing but what we would do is
we'd get pajamas on Christmas Eve and
then when we're all done opening our
pajamas we would race to our bedroom and
see who could get in their pajamas the
fastest and get back down into the
living I'm not sure if we did it every
year but it was something fun that I did
anyway whether anyone compete against me
ah that's a boy yeah it's a psychedelic
ball so I was looking forward to racing
you to get into your pajamas uh yeah I
guess you did I haven't even started yet
okay I'm gonna get my pajamas and
Jackson Christmas Eve officially begins
Jackson are you ready to open some
presents your cousin no oh my goodness
do you want to open that just start
right here
this is not my hat my knee the fish say
fish say fish what what what this no way
are you serious
two tickets to Brian Regan Thank You Mel
and Gary that's awesome
who is that what I think it is it's
leonard the terrible monster
whoa so fun
Jackson put the magnet Wow
okay this is from Brian and Missy oh
look at this my mom want wonder short
the site Oh does she
oh right do you know what that is yeah
not just fills the air as the hole is
what the hell miss Wow
this is so cool
haha
by cutting out cool that's so cool
Jared's an ugly old ocean from : Katie
oh so it says I hope you all come up and
listen to soft romantic Christmas music
this year come on Katie and me peeking
hi this is redang what are you kidding
me that is so nice thank you guys
Jackson say thank you to the camera
thanks camera say thank you
Jackson cue say Merry Christmas I could
mean say Merry Merry Christmas me me one
thing that was so hard for me was going
to bed on Christmas Eve oh do you like
my hat Jackson ah need like the ball it
was so hard for me to go to bed on
Christmas even so what my brothers and
sisters did we would all go downstairs
in the basement
and we watch a Muppet Christmas Carol so
you know what we're gonna do Ellie we
are gonna watch a movie we are gonna
watch a movie but first we're gonna read
one of Jackson's new books and we're
gonna put him to bed because the sooner
you go to bed Jackson the sooner Santa's
gonna come visit do you know who Santa
is yeah Santa say Mary
say Merry Christmas Timmy Christmas my
mom miss mez that's good this hat is not
mine I just stole it I stole it from a
big fish he was asleep when I did it
the kids are in bed and we are going to
enjoy a very nice night which like to
watch a show I would love to watch a
show you don't sure we should watch not
the Muppet The Muppet Christmas Carol
sorry
how about the stairs like what you lost
name I was like meat gun because yep
that's right and me comes watch mother
Muppet Christmas Carol on Christmas Eve
trying to watch it that either that
Christmas vacation or the Santa Claus
does have lots yeah yeah okay we'll
watch that alright guys that is our
Christmas Eve thank you so much for
tuning in tomorrow is going to be a very
exciting day I cannot wait to see what
Jackson does I think Jackson there's
gonna have a rockin Christmas stay tuned
see you tomorrow bye Merry Christmas
member
