this is gonna be the last giveaway of
the holiday season I thought it would be
a lot of fun to do something very cool
so we are going to be giving away a
Nintendo 2ds
one Jack said let's go get in the sled
uncle Joel uncle Joel is the best
picture getting on the Fort Miller with
Olivia uncle Joel is the best and they
went up to our backyard today and they
were playing all day and we got out of
the house really late we've had a really
rough morning
Jared's get the video wet uncle Joel is
here to the rescue to have fun we're all
ready are we all ready guys
my surname is beside me give it to you
on your eye
this is fun Thank You uncle Joel for a
fun day
I don't know if the fun started for you
right now Jackson Jackson he doesn't
really like the four-wheeler
here you go have funcle' joel see uncle
Joel ogre Joe it's so cute
it is snowing we are getting pounded
with snow right the flakes are just
coming down there damn they're giant
they're giant snow my fault
ladies and gentlemen yeah they're crazy
we just got to mom's house we drop the
kids off for a second we are building a
house and we are going to be building as
soon as the snow melts so March maybe
I'm all but sooner which is probably
through March and the Builder that's
building our house built my mom's house
20 years ago and they took their top
five favorite mountains and floor plans
and are building one home they're
combining on building one home one home
toward Sun so that is the house that we
are going to build they built it they're
building it for his son and so we have
gone back like 15 times probably and
looked at the house and we're gonna
bring you guys along with us today and
look at it not this one specifically but
get more progress or just like I love it
I'm so excited I love how big these
windows are and yeah our table will go
there Oh Ellie don't shower with me at
the same time that's it I can't
well I guess there are two showerheads
oh is that that's what I meant
you have two then yep would you want one
like different whatever what if you have
one coming straight down like a water or
like the rain I think we have a teething
baby or you're hungry for metal upgrade
you need bigger foods you need more food
more than just milk
he needs a metal my sisters and I would
spend holy hours around the Christmas
tree looking at the gifts stacking them
counting them set a car yeah oh yeah
what did you say well he does now now he
doesn't really just our house of meat
it's because we're not having to give
some do that right now but right now hey
and he keeps taking grandma's horses off
the tree grandma painted those horse
show me um horses have you ever seen the
inside of a space station before well if
you haven't been you're in luck because
we're in one right now here so I'm
shonduras
I hang out with Jared on this you guys
already know me yes this is my basement
my friends and I love video games and so
we want to put this all together it is
essentially four different computers
that all stream into careful man he's
fradulent right so check this out four
computers right here boom boom over
there over there the Australians one
thing computer right here supercomputer
a whole bunch of capture cards and then
this computer feeds over to the space
station hub right here
whoa this is Craig my friend she's in
the way and you can switch screens right
here so as we're playing you can watch
one person played in the next person
play we all have our own webcams audio
audio mixing and now Jarrod's here and
we're gonna play some rocket rocket
League car soccer that's exactly what
we're gonna do and now I heard you guys
are actually responsible like this space
station was responsible for the SpaceX
real anding yes I have both boys jammies
set out and the little suck you set out
and Kelvin is making his way into the
bathroom he was way over there and
Jackson holy cow
oh my goodness one space station is
freaking cool right that's like when
you're sitting there like you're
immersed in this thing you've got all
these screens and displays and the
different colors like that's that's
insane
rocket League you guys know rocket
League I love rocket League but we did
so good man we just killed it we won one
game and fun we did it was good fun so
now we're taking a little break and
think a little bit later Sean and I are
gonna do a little Christmas shopping for
the ladies Jackson what happened yeah
did you push it down yeah Jackson that
happened really fast mom
Jackson we literally were eating and
like we just saw him walk over and tip
over I'm glad you didn't get hurt yeah I
think he I think it came he just darted
out like oh you okay
you're trying to get the Nutcracker good
thing the Nutcracker didn't squash you
are you gonna help grandma put it back
up so Santa Claus has a place to put our
presents
yeah yes Santa Claus well I think this
may have happened once or twice in this
household I think bow has knocked over a
tree Jacksons are kelvins over there
stuck in a barstool Jackson knocked down
the tree Hooper not down here tree
Cooper knocked down Julia Street okay
well mom I think the top lights might be
okay all right we are on a mission here
operation mission mission sir we are
we're at the mall here and we we have a
very specific task we need to get oh
you've got all the doors we gotta pull
this one too we're here to get the girls
don't vlog and walk in Saudi Arabia
helmet we're we're here at the mall
we're gonna get some Christmas gifts for
the girls but one thing we were talking
about is we're we're just talking about
the giveaway that we just did the camera
yeah okay I watched your blog yeah this
is the nicest guy ever like real meaning
of Christmas right they're giveaways I
think it's awesome that you did that and
you guys are really lucky because you
guys are awesome and so we appreciate
everything that you guys do but I think
some of that kind of translated over to
you because you're thinking about dinner
so I'm copying Jared because I'm new to
the whole YouTube thing I've always been
in a snapchat and I want to like give
back to the first like a couple people
who start following me on YouTube now I
want to get back to them so I'm gonna do
a giveaway as well on my channel and so
I'm getting a wife present and the
giveaway present for you guys that's so
cool and do we know what you're giving
away yes I I want to I want to give away
something from a videogame store because
if you're a dad you can play if you're
mom you can play or give it to your
husband or your kids like I'm being like
a PlayStation Xbox or something - shut
up are you serious
well no ordinate at least so far is
broke
we lost Santa oh wait wait
this one broke whatever this was oh oh
dang it is that what you're looking for
the choo-choo train
really rough on the trees if you broke a
few ornaments earlier the countdown has
begun have you decided
oh let me show you oh whoa you're
running around everywhere whoa
PlayStation 4 whoa geez well this is the
whole thing just one just one of them
one PlayStation 4 for you guys that's so
cool
I'm excited my first I'm like excited
for you my heart's like didn't know
someone in Jared's family is gonna win I
think just come over and subscribe and
say hi and enjoy my videos leave a
comment and subscribe and then leave a
comment let me know what you want to use
the PlayStation 4 there you go I'm glad
you are under the tree yeah tree looks
great nobody will ever know um it's a
winter wonderland outside the snow is
just coming down all right man this is
where I leave you know you guys enjoy
your PlayStation 4 and the game that you
guys are gonna win it's coming awesome
you just go to the shower how are your
teeth they hurt I feel so bad we need to
get Justin like Tylenol errs I've
complained more the last day than I did
my pregnancy and delivery and I just and
I feel bad but I just smiled me like
they're there I had braces and so I know
exactly what it's like you know when
they tighten them and everything but
give it a few days you know you'll feel
just fine at least that's what I think
that's what happened to me but I will
take care of you no matter what yeah
okay cuz I love you so here's a quick
little recap of what we've been up to
the roads were absolutely terrible the
freeway I was going literally like three
miles an hour Sean lives like ten miles
away or something like that and it took
me like 45 minutes to get here
here's a little thing okay we mentioned
earlier that Sean is doing a giveaway on
his chain
and we are doing a giveaway on our
channel this is gonna be the last
giveaway of the holiday season I thought
it would be a lot of fun to do something
very cool
so we are going to be giving away a
Nintendo 2ds and I'm excited because it
has Mario Kart on it and that's like one
of the best games ever so to balance
speed like that I think so she she likes
handheld games I know that so to win
this all you have to do subscribe to the
channel leave a comment and be sure to
give the video a thumbs up and then we
will choose a winner in a couple days so
be sure to subscribe leave a comment and
thumbs up the video and one of you guys
will be a lucky winner of a brand-new
Nintendo 2ds we have a big family party
tomorrow and I am so excited it's going
to be a freaking blast no I'm sorry I'm
here like you know a good day to do
honestly like these family parties are
like what I look forward to all year
long so thanks so much for watching guys
and we'll see you tomorrow
