the holidays are a magical time and
Ellie and I want to do something very
special maybe even magical so today's
vlog is going to be a little bit
different today Jared and I had been on
the receiving end a lot throughout our
years of marriage and we feel very
blessed this year and we want to be able
to give that so today that's exactly
what we're going to do we are going to
give back I remember just being married
and our car was empty with gas we still
had two weeks left of the month we had
no money in our account and my sister
sent me some money to fill up my car and
that money was able to get me to go to
work for the next week I was able to use
my tips and my money to then fill up the
car for the rest of the month being in
college
Jared's parents came down from
Washington to visit and they took us to
Walmart and said okay fill up your car
and they bought us a whole full cart of
food and that helped us tremendously I
remember as a kid multiple times that we
were on the receiving end of Christmas
gifts of dinners and everything and so
Ellie and I want to do that just that we
want to help others out this holiday
season we're going to go to a couple
stores we're going to visit some people
and we're going to help them out this
year we have put some money aside we
have been wanting to do this for a long
time we are so excited we've been
wanting to do this for years cuz I
remember thinking about me go to dinner
if we'd go to dinner and Jerry would be
like I wish so bad that we could pick up
somebody's build just just for fun just
just to be able to do it right and and
today we're going to do it
we just need to make a withdrawal
Oh
can I give this to nice I'm sure I wish
you Merry Christmas and I just wanted
this give this to you
Merry Christmas you're welcome it's been
an interesting day yes I had so we were
just at a different store and we were
just what we were doing is we were
walking up and what the envelopes gave
it to them and walked away but then we
realize like that's not who we are
that's not our personnel and like let's
go talk to him let's go see him and say
hello like who they are
yeah let's wish them a Merry Christmas
ourselves and so we changed our tune a
little and I feel like I want to do this
like other times I'm like just the first
time we did it is just like you know you
feel so blessing so grateful so there's
a lady just over there she's looking for
some toys probably for grandkids and
guessing so we're gonna go see if we can
help so have you seen the Star Wars
movie yet not this one okay I'll show
your grandkids are big fans in with this
yes
oh they're pickin start that's awesome
that's our boy Yosh um three grandkids
yeah um we wanted to wish you a Merry
Christmas and hopefully level so we're
very welcome and a Christmas makers well
you look like a nice grandma you know
you do you hear me right here picking up
toys with their kids
well thank you dear sighs mmm yeah
what I have a new Christmas with you
make sure you know that's also special
that was too much wonder time-space I
wish book it's more or two more
really later
you
we've never ever done this before
but we like to pay off some people's
like let's do let's do all three under
now we'll do all three of those
thank you so much Merry Christmas
Jackson is giving everybody hugs and
love since we've come in you're saying
hi my favorite part was when he said
Mike and was like me he's out my gap
well and Ashley what did you say he's
done calling you the whole time he
called me Mommy
and like the whole time my mommy to him
yeah you were the guardian of him the
guard just took the tour had someone to
is we walked in the door baby dance okay
when I went to wiggle worm and they were
it was really fun that is you got me
footage for your YouTube channel
okay again you'll have to go go check
their YouTube for the footage up with
the worm maximal funny guys
oh you should the car this is something
that I have always wanted to do too
I used to work in a restaurant and I
lived on tips like tips were like the
cream the bread and the butter like it
was everything I've always wanted to tip
someone something special so we just
ordered dinner we're gonna go inside and
we're gonna tip someone one thing for
the holidays we my wife and I are even
do things like help get back that I used
to work in restaurants I know
getting that we wanted to get you this
for your day Jarek cannot wait to have
Calvin be an older brother like if Kody
wasn't enough you guys are such good
friends to him oh he climbs all over and
he's just wanting to wrestle
look at these two right here this is
like the most adorable thing ever
Jackson is that your girlfriend
spider-man oh that's a other spider-man
oh my gosh you guys are so cute hi Kate
Jackson is time for our friends ago can
you go get Naomi and Sam a little hug go
give him hugs
hahaha that's a good hug hahaha oh good
job that was so soft and nice oh so
sweet
beau Bonnie and Joel came over and we
have reached our maximum capacity so we
have to kick Mike and Ashley out thanks
so much for coming over it was so good
to see you thanks for thanks for the
help man that that's a lot dolly Thank
You Ashley the supermom totally I don't
know how she took all those kids to
wiggle work thumbs up right thumbs up
thumbs up and now for the moment that
you have been waiting for we are going
to announce the winner of the camera
giveaway as everyone doing the dremel
I'm not gonna do one until everyone does
the dremel
falesha fruit Minh I believe that's how
you say it
Felicia congratulations you have won
Felicia if you look at your YouTube
channel I have sent you a personal
message so be sure to check that out and
we'll get some contact information from
you and we will ship you your camera so
congratulations merry christmas happy
holidays from us to you I think today
was a very special day for Jared night
this is something that we've always
wanted to do and I think we are going to
bed with a very full heart I absolutely
agree this is like one of the bucket
list go to go to bed with full hearts
and with full tummies filled with
breadsticks this honestly was like
bucket list type stuff for us that we
wanted to do and boy and the thing is
like we want to be able to continue to
do this like this is something that I
want to do forever and ever and be at
least just be able to help that's one of
the biggest things I love to help people
and if this is one way that we can do it
then let's let's keep doing it we have
been on the receiving end of so many
things and we feel so blessed this year
that we want to help give this year so
that's kind of what this week is all
about so thank you so much for watching
we hope you guys have a very Merry
Christmas and a Happy Holidays in a new
year and Happy New Year
we will see you tomorrow thanks bye
