I just love how fun toddlers are they're
funny they're so funny look at me like
his headphones
he loves his spider-man Jarrett got this
for him for his first birthday and just
this last week he's been loving it say
spider-man and he always goes hi say it
say see Iron Man Iron Man baby pea and I
they have their Christmas jammies on and
their Christmas socks on today and you
know what that's what we're gonna wear
all day is our jammies and our socks
bunkers
it is starting to snow guys that means
later this week we are gonna go sledding
on our back yard again we're gonna go
I'm very excited we're gonna go sledding
down the hill we're gonna go we're gonna
go it goes right now um we've had a nice
enjoyable today a family we are getting
ready to do our Q&A our Sunday Q&A we
have asked Twitter today so what
questions did you come up with the first
question that I received today is from
Lindsay and she says what kind of dog do
you want so we talked about this a lot
when we move into our house we want to
get a dog eventually and our first
choice is allowed I think that's why our
only choice
well I would say hahaha club or a yellow
lab yeah next question is from Brianna
and she asks what is Jackson's favorite
movie and book what do you think um
what's your favorite movie yeah do you
like buzz amelia and woody yeah Buzz and
Woody
so Toy Story is definitely Jackson's
favorite movie his favorite book and I
think Ellie and I differ on this a
little bit I think Jackson's favorite
book is Hoenn what beep engine purred
friendliest sounds you ever heard the
little blue truck went rolling or beep
set blue or something like that the
little blue truck
I love ya probably it's his favorite it
might be my favorite what do you think
is favored I don't know maybe the
pumpkin one but I haven't read that term
in a while what are you what does the
pumpkin say unique the next question
comes from teyla and she says how do you
guys handle your temper with the kids so
well you seem so chill well it's super
easy when your kids just are perfect
they don't they don't
anything wrong or bad and no I'm totally
kidding we we are human beings and the
honest truth is sometimes we as humans
lose our temper sometimes we do that but
you know obviously we don't show all of
that stuff we don't show tons of
discipline in the vlogs but you know we
do our best to maintain control and
being calm in the situation and when you
have moments like this like hi baby it's
pretty easy to be calm and keep your
temper huh oh I feel like specifically
when we discipline though I feel like we
are very firm like we don't let Jackson
get away with like yelling and we are
very firm and like don't you hit her
don't you know and he is pretty good to
listen he's a good listener for the most
part I just know that you do not want to
be on Ellie's bad side when you're
Jackson or Calvin I get really now I
mean I don't I I get firm yeah oh yeah
Oh Ellie are you ready for this are you
ready for this question the next
question is from aura and she says can
you both do a handstand right now uh-oh
Ellie's not messing around she's already
tucking in her shirt she's not even
messing around she's ready to do it oh
my gosh
get those full mingo legs out okay you
go first can you do a handstand one two
three oh that was pretty good go Jackson
yay
okay my turn
I've got tuck in my shirt so you don't
see my intimates okay
just remember they're babies around
okay ready Jackson I'm gonna go watch
out can you can stand right over here
okay good job ready
so go oh you're always better than me
good job you've got balance yeah oh oh
oh you've had such a hard time with your
foot today Joe I stepped on a nail ah
this cheap thing let's make your Jackson
he'll give you loads okay you kiss my
foot better Jackson can you kiss it
better come kiss my I hurt my foot I
need you to kiss it better
oh okay now delicate make my foot good
listening good listen good thing you
can't do that yet there's brush your
turn
kiss it better have you catched here
last year's New Year's resolution whoo
there are definitely some I've thought
about that a lot lately and I actually
have thought about that too and I
thought about that I don't get my back
yeah can't get hop on my back yeah I've
thought about that a watch and I feel
like I have I haven't done as much as
I'd wanted to do but I feel like with
some of the things I did really well
with like I've written down a lot of the
things that I've cooked so I've had him
on hand um I've tried to be I remember
talk about like I've tried to be more of
a better loving wife I think you have I
feel like I have on the road I think so
I think my biggest failure is the gym as
soon as Calvin was born I stopped going
to the gym and I blame him entirely he's
the complete blame for all of that no I
I stopped going to the gym just because
it was really hard with his sleeping
schedule and I just never gotten to the
groove of it and I wasn't I wasn't
taking myself responsible for it so
that's something I need to do I and
that's we actually talked about that
today didn't yeah yeah aside from roles
we just we talked about some things
there's well there's a gym in town that
actually has like babysitting stuff so
we can take the kids away Jackson be
soughing to be in spider-man oh yeah are
you being spider-man yeah he loves
spider-man
so I think that's something that we'll
probably do this year is go to that new
gym
Natasha asks when are you going to
announce the winner of the camera
giveaway we're going to announce the
winner of the camera in tomorrow's vlog
so be sure you guys watch tomorrow's
vlog because you'll see who the winner
is look at this kid
look at you Jackson you're killing it
last question this is the last fight
Ashley your vlogs always trip me up when
I'm down what cheers you up when you are
feeling down and I would say a number of
things on the kids like Jackson being
cute and hugging me always cheers me up
sometimes just saying like a little
prayer or meditation just sitting for
just a minute and just reflecting on
what you have like last night I had to
beg okay my kids are happy they're happy
you know we're doing we're doing good
like don't let little things bother me
no sometimes just meditation for a
minute that's good a bunch of things
that help me I love listening to and
playing music any time I can bust out
the electric guitar and just play the
blues that helps me a lot
honestly playing with the kids makes me
feel better hanging out with my wife
that makes me feel better
taking time in the morning if you can
start off your morning good on a really
really high note then that is a sets of
precedence for the entire day if you
start the morning doing something good
making yourself feel good working out
reading something motivational that
always helps me so that's kind of what
makes us feel good and if you guys have
any other suggestions leave a comment
down below I think that's it for our Q&A
today well we're excited for tomorrow we
have something extremely fun planned for
tomorrow something that we've always
wanted to do and we're very excited
we'll see you tomorrow
thanks for watching bye Oh Jackson do
you want to say goodbye okay say bye bye
hey what's up guys I am sitting here
with my buddy Calvin can you say hi oh
you can say oh he can't say we're still
working on that maybe he's a aged a
little bit more before you start using
those vocal cords actually use your
vocal cords quite a bit you're a
screamer aren't you that's good like a
piggy no barely any big thanks for
watching the video today guys we
definitely appreciate it I really like
these q and A's because it definitely
gives us a feel of engagement with you
guys you know we love to respond on
Twitter and on Instagram as much as we
can but this is like something I think
gives us that extra boost extra level
and we enjoy it so thank you guys so
much for participating will always let
you know when we do a Q&A and whatever
social network we do it on I just wanted
to throw out a quick reminder we are
going to be announcing the winner of the
giveaway in the video that we're filming
today so make sure you watch the video
where we announce the giveaway and leave
a comment and subscribe so you guys can
enter to win that one we're going to be
announcing the winner in tomorrow's
video so be sure to go watch that video
also we have some really exciting stuff
coming up for the rest of the week for
the holidays be sure to subscribe and
stay tuned for this week because I think
you guys are really going to love it and
this week is going to be all about
family and friends and the holidays it's
definitely going to be a lot of fun also
while you're here don't forget to check
out yesterday's video and our one year
ago video to see what we were up to one
year ago it's so crazy that we even have
that footage it's it blows my mind
thanks again for watching guys and we'll
see you next time
I
