grandma grandpa sent us a Christmas Box
yesterday and we may have opened it
Jackson took the tape off anyway so we
could kind of see what these were so we
opened them up this means we have to
watch a movie we have to watch I wanna
watch the minions movie today
I need to watch minions and eat popcorn
say popcorn
Jackson hi who are you talking to people
there's a big smile can you blow Maci
gains a kiss good job oh don't go in for
a real one Jackson give her a real kiss
hurry before so precious hi hi sweetie
pie how are you well I just braved the
storm at the post office fish were
thrown people were yelling and screaming
I dodged all of the people and I got out
of there I got all of our package
shipped and we are good to go no I'm
just joking we were just I was just
standing in line got everything back but
here's the thing Ellie here's the thing
that I want to tell you yeah I have a
couple more stops that I need to make
and I need your permission to say hey
Jared it's okay if you go to a couple
more stores because I've got the kids at
home but just as long as you give me
something great for Christmas it's okay
okay you'll keep the kids all day as
long as I get you a good Christmas gift
okay all right I love you so much well
my whole kitchen is kind of a disaster I
am getting ready well I'm in the middle
of making stew I look over and look at
the guy he snuck into the kitchen I
can't believe how much Calvin is
crawling everywhere guys like he's just
been all over this living room okay good
finish making my soup and he'll probably
be in here by the time I'm done boy I am
just striking out today this is not good
I don't have very much time but every
store that I have gone to either has the
wrong thing that I'm looking for or they
don't have the
I'm looking for but can order it but it
probably won't come in until after
Christmas
shoot I'm in trouble one excited right
now
I had a great idea for Elly and I hope
she's excited as I am because I think
this is something that I think this is
something that we will have for the rest
of our lives and I think that's a cool
gift it's um not something that you just
you don't haven't using everything but
something that you will carry on and
half of the rest of your lives and maybe
even pass on to your children
Elly that's what I'm doing right now
your minds gonna be blown least I hope
so I could be like way over hyping this
and then yellow you'll be like oh yeah
it's pretty cool I have return of glad
tidings a gift for you it's going to be
for whenever you darn well please and
look look what it says chocolate no
chocolate chocolate
did you say chocolate chocolate fill
candy King we should make hot chocolate
tonight and put them in them I think
that's a great idea
I think that's the best doughnut but
we've just been like I want a date I'm
in desperate need of a date and anyone
would like to take Ellie on a daily vac
ah mint don't know we there one one
babysitter that I trust she's not able
to do it right now so yeah and we didn't
get a date when we were really after
Washington because Calvin wasn't very
happy when you're Washington so tonight
we're gonna try our hardest to get the
kids to bed at it weather yeah and we're
gonna have everything a hot chocolate
and candy canes things and I'm gonna
kiss your mouth that's all yeah yeah I'm
gonna do right now okay and we'll play
like a game or something
fun what about Super Smash Bros because
they just added cloud from Final Fantasy
seven so much fun will decide maybe like
a Mario Kart or like Super Mario
Brothers no I have a date with my wife
cuz I love you okay I have to bring in
your presents close your eyes no up what
is going on oh I see what do you have
what is that is that gum did you come
into my office to get gum I think our
day has turned into everybody just stay
in the living room and eat treats and
hang out I just tweeted we have our
first two teeth coming in which is
Calvin and our last two teeth coming in
which is Jackson say they can see this
but scream away son scream away
all right there we go they're totally
not gonna be all day oh wait maybe maybe
Jackson or Calvin's first two teeth are
coming in and Jackson's two-year-old
molars are coming in should I show him
your set your treat Hey lay down they
done that your head John can open your
mouth all the way up we'll see your
teeth and then he's got his open your
teeths he's goes molars coming back
there I don't know why I'm showing you
you came and see but I can feel your
Covenant in your last I don't know
this football game is a joke turn it off
and then i watch minion matic it's 35 to
14 that's 14 unanswered points we're
gonna put on the minions and we're gonna
finish our night with the kids watching
watching minions TV day that is so fun I
remember climbing under the tree
Jared dad I just thought he just did
that just now I just saw him look at it
maybe thought I'm gonna climb under
there
we have a lot of inchworms around here
come get this way he's faster than
so I'm going going going come here okay
we had delicious dinner and to round out
our night we are going to watch what
Jackson minions minions Vivian's it's a
minion movie night are you guys ready we
got a turn yeah
Calvin are you ready for this oh you got
to make a quick phone call to your
girlfriend is that what you're doing you
can't miss the games all right call me
mellow yellow' you say it yeah they call
me mellow yellow' good job
should we get you ready for bed should
we get you ready for bed I'm not done
with you I do with you well half of the
kids are asleep and Ellie and I are
sitting here enjoying our hot chocolate
and candy canes and we've even got a
little cookie this is our little mini
date that we're going on right now and
we're very excited
he is very he is very angry with us
right now he does not want to be in bed
but we're gonna go up and soothe him and
then we're gonna go on the tape in our
living 100 more times are you ready to
go on a date Ellie yes your husband yes
Cheers
jared is currently going up in soothing
Calvin I hope that when Calvin is older
and he watches all this he knows how
much I love cuddling him Calvin is a
snuggler and I love it so much and I
wouldn't trade it for anything
ma relax oh my goodness Jared and I uh
we're looking at cars
we're just dreaming whoa figure out what
we want and we're just thinking like oh
look at this Tesla that's kind of cool
you know it has its stroller in the
front well because it doesn't have a
giant engine it's a it's like a it's an
electric car so you can have storage in
the back so they have their doubles
controller in the front and it like were
they the engine usually goes like it's
crazy
maybe that's what I want I'm not getting
it is that Oh laughs oh no I would love
to get one but they are like
would you want an airplane never mind
I'll get my minivan I think that would
be so cool though like the eggs cause
what other thing is like I love when I
see Tesla's driving down the road I'm
like this is more realistic and I'm
having just as much fun looking at the
Vans a 60 kilowatt hour version for 69
and an 85 kilowatt for 79 I thought it
was gonna be well over a hundred and
fifty thousand dollars but it's still a
lot but not all so much but not why not
like I thought I was I just compared it
to an airplane alright guys that is it
from us if you guys didn't see I
actually uploaded a bonus vlog from when
Jackson was staying at Ellie's parents
house so be sure to check that out I'll
have a link to it down below thank you
guys so much for watching I hope you
have a wonderful weekend
and we'll see you next time oh real
quick we are doing our Q&A tomorrow so
let's do it on Twitter be sure to follow
me and Elliot on Twitter ask us
questions using hashtag ask Ellie and
Jared and we'll answer some of those
questions in the vlog tomorrow thanks
for watching bye
