hey guys welcome to the bonus vlog so
many of you guys already know that we
dropped off Jackson at Ellie's parents
house while we saw the Star Wars movie
thanks guys by the way that was awesome
for you to do that while Jackson was
there Ellie's parents actually filmed a
few clips and I just thought it was too
good not to share so I put them all
together I've uploaded them just for you
so I hope you guys enjoy I think little
Jackson of plane
imitating grandpa making fun of grandpa
with his glasses running back and forth
making fun of grandpa's shuffle
yeah bow-bow showing your ball
what you got show Phil Grampa your
that's one Marvel two marbles and your
glasses like a grandpa Jackson can you
see anything with Grampa's glasses on
you yeah yeah okay go runnin bye bye
now we're getting Jackson Ray to go to
bed we've had him here for several hours
and he's played hardened eight would had
a bath but now we're just trying to get
him wound up so he'll go to bed and stay
to bed are you gonna stay in bed for
Grandma tonight Jackson Wow okay now
play the dice right yeah that's airplane
Wow goose goose
the goose
airplane do you know who this is Jackson
who's who's that yeah yeah that's mama
yes mama ah yes ah dexon who said what's
this santa dear boy should you train GQ
yeah you chew well I think we're gonna
go lay him down to bed I don't think
it's gonna be quite so happy here in the
coming moment so I think we'll just call
it good for the night IKEA later okay
Jackson's all ready for bed and
Jackson's blankets kind of wet when did
you blink it get wet
but you know what Henry was here
yesterday and he left his so maybe Henry
let you play with his yeah that's a nice
blanket do you think Henry will let you
play the finish yeah BB baby Henry say
thank you for letting me borrow your
blanket cause mine is wet you're gonna
have a kiss goodnight Oh give me kisses
okay say good night so I lied I guess
we're not going to bed yet we're still
playing good sleep you bigger boy bigger
boy oh can I good night good night a big
thanks to Ellie's parents for watching
Jackson wha Ellie and I went and saw the
Star Wars movie be sure to give the
video a thumbs up for them thanks guys
we always appreciate your help and
remember guys the previous video we're
doing a big giveaway and it's the first
of a couple here that we're doing soon
so be sure to tune into that give it a
thumbs up subscribe and comment to win
that awesome camera and we'll see you
guys next time bye
