well this was not the plan yes sir naka
was expected we are still driving home
last night it was like 1:30 in the
morning almost to me well do you
remember in the movie Dumb and Dumber
where you can all like falls asleep as
he wakes up and they're like a semi is
right in front of it yeah I make the
wrong turn and they go across the
country the wrong direction that's what
we did
we dropped cross-country the wrong
direction we were so tired neither of us
could keep our eyes open and so like we
were planning on just going home but we
stopped and stayed at Mom's everyone's
something even Jack's and we woke up we
are rushing out the door we have a tax
meeting Jer tonight we're gonna be late
you have you drop Jackson off in a
friend's house
none of us suppress our teeth we just
all have done look at my hair it's
ridiculous
well though I feel special going to our
tax meeting they have a present for us
okay
really yummy bread I'm actually really
kind of fun when we get stuff like that
did they appreciate our business is that
what the guard said yeah I'm actually it
smells good
it's like cinnamon and I love it I'm
gonna eat a bite right now I am just
still laughing at myself I'm looking at
myself in the viewfinder and I'm like
Jared so Jackson's over at a little
friend's house and we finished with our
tax meeting and now we're just at a
little toy store we're looking for some
little stuff for Jackson and Calvin some
Christmas gifts and I know I love these
stores because they make me feel like a
little kid again I'm just like look at
that little construction truck that
little cat thing like that's awesome
like I want to play with this stuff I
want toys I like that we have kids that
I can play with the toys with Jackson
and and it's not bad that I do that
because I have a son I want to play toys
with me or I want to play with toys in
them Oh
jared is working at jackson the only way
since he's been learning to open up
doors
he has just on the couch asleep so
that's what he does we put on toy strain
he'll take his afternoon nap and Calvin
I think is starting to go to sleep and I
just figured I'm gonna take about 20
minutes and I'm gonna run into town and
get a few last little minute things I
want to get for a few of my friends I
just said I'm glad that you're coming
and I'm really happy that you are but
I'm gonna go someplace I'd rather we all
just be together right but there's
probably some places that I'm gonna go
that you don't want to go and this is
for Christmas so just keep that in mind
just keep that in mind sister I'm just
saying if I'm with you on you wanting to
come I'm not gonna deny I didn't ever
say I was a Christmas shopping for you
yes Jackson where's the moon say moon
ever just now just now Jackson saw that
and went when he gets so excited and I
have told Jared this from when I was a
little girl I always thought this was so
mind-boggling and crazy to me is that we
are in the sphere this world up in the
atmosphere well the atmosphere is you
know the surrounds the world like we're
in this world they're not gonna use any
terms we're in the world and we're up
above and there's like the moon and
there's like other well we're in a
rotational you know an orbital rotation
because of the Sun and like there's
nothing there's no ground because we're
in its space yeah the that the rotation
keeps us but no there's all the other
planets like it's almost as if there's
no gravity in space I was trying to
share something I feel like I made
myself like Donnie
No and this is a thing this is the thing
that curiosity that that wonderment and
amazement is is why there are astronauts
is why there's NASA's why there's people
like Elon Musk is because they have this
curiosity and that thing that is that to
those things this is long overdue it's
been way too long and I don't know why
we either one keep forgetting or two
just haven't done it yet we need to put
those little child lock door things on
our door handles Ellie so we're here at
the store specifically to do that one
thing oh and also to where Santa Claus
has come up in they've walked by me and
they've got like this big guy so grab
his little feet because they're sticking
out just grab his feet oh I'm not
because it's stinking cute I was a
little feed poking out this is the only
this is the only way we can get things
on Jackson has to push the cart but he's
a good help though right he's trying to
help he's like no I can do this I can do
it I'm gonna do it all by myself I
seriously couldn't find Jackson for the
life with me Jackson if he was over here
pushing all of these you run so fast
checks in your cleanest ink art so I can
get him I've been banished I've been
struck down I've been taken away from my
responsibilities Ellie has taken upon
herself to do all of the Christmas
wrapping because she does not think I am
good enough to wrap a present well that
certainly is true Ellie I'm not very
good at wrapping presents I was
surprised last year Joel is so kinky
like Joel wraps the best Christmas
presents and you could last year we're
wrapping us like hey because I'm my head
I always thought you're really good and
well
just listen first I'm not that good are
you kidding me not good look at those
those look great these are all the gifts
that we are sending out to friends and
family and I'm so excited for them to
get them it's I know but it feels like
Christmas to me and I love it and I just
I'm so excited for the holidays I can't
wait for next week because that's when
it like really really will feel like it
and I like your little hat I am a little
disappointed that I can't do any
Christmas wrapping you but it's okay
well time totally escaped us and
everyone is asleep
and I just woke up on the couch I fell
asleep on the couch and I just woke up
so now I'm gonna go to bed thank you
guys for watching the video today have a
wonderful night and we'll see you guys
next time bye hey what's up guys before
the video ends Ellie and I wanted to do
something special for the holidays are
you ready for this Jackson are you ready
we wanted to do a giveaway Oh got him
what do you think about this Jackson
here click here you can hold this one
there you go we wanted to do a giveaway
so we have this camera right here that
we want to give to one lucky winner if
you guys remember Joel Landon and I went
surfing at that indoor pool and we
actually use this camera to get all the
cool footage that we use oh you want
this one too okay you do that it's the
holiday season so Ellie and I want to do
a couple giveaways for the holiday
season and this is the very first one so
what do you guys need to do to win all
you need to do is comment down below and
we will pick at random one lucky winner
to send to that camera will take care of
everything and this is on us so make
sure you guys are subscribed and leave a
comment down below and we will send a
lucky subscriber a camera and you guys
can get all of your cool shots um
Jackson let's see what else there is Oh
all right we've got a helmet mount and
Jackson is holding on to the strap mount
so you guys can do all of your cool
activities so again make sure you're
subscribed leave a comment down below
and we will pick out random one lucky
winner and we will send you guys a prize
pretty cool all right make sure you guys
are subscribed so you guys can see what
giveaways we're doing and we'll see you
next time by Jason King say bye see ya
well well well yesterday certainly did
not go as planned do you guys ever have
those days Jackson come over here tell
me about those days that you don't have
yeah it was crazy we were not expecting
to one be so tired to to sleep in as
late as we did three to be late for our
appointments but all is done and said
and all as well and it is a new day just
a little clarification on the giveaway
we will pick at random someone who
leaves a comment down below so just make
sure you're subscribed and leave a
comment and we will pick the winner for
Christmas so leave a comment make sure
you're subscribed and as always we will
see you guys next time
oh also leave a comment down below if
you guys want to see a bonus video today
that might be fun it might be coming out
a little bit later alright guys hope you
have a wonderful day it is the beginning
of the holiday week and we'll see you
next time
oh wait real quick before I go someone
else wanted to say goodbye Jackson can
you say bye bye bye bye bye say have a
good day
