Christmas music check navigation so I
decided last night I was like you know
I'm gonna go get a pedicure tomorrow so
I made love for bright and early I just
got my toes in I picked out the color
it's like a red with little gold flecks
in it and the guy was like the guy at
the front desk is like trying to drink
and usually I say no but today is like
what do you have
he's like with hot chocolate coffee tea
water does like hot chocolate and look
hot chocolate for the window cute is
this I'm gonna sit here and sit on my
hot chocolate and get my little toes
done this is so fun can I just say I am
so impressed the he literally colored
this Jackson you stayed like pretty much
on the paper you may have given yourself
a little tattoo and you may have gotten
on your shirt a little but for the most
part I'm pretty impressed that he was
able to color that much that's a lot of
pigmentation that you got on the paper
good job oh you let me see you just so
you know Jackson my highlighter is not
lipstick sure and I are just getting
ready to go Jackson is downstairs asleep
on the couch that's really nice and I
had Jared take a picture I've made shows
like my image into an outfit of the day
and like I'm makeup of the day on my
Instagram today is a day that I think
people will remember throughout history
yeah it's the it's the premiere of Star
Wars the world worldwide premiere at
least I think it is anyway so the brands
have been marketing that in the past oh
my gosh I saw I saw Star Wars oranges
like on the
it's been everywhere so we're really
excited we're gonna go to the premiere
tonight with CVX live and we have a
little I don't know a third wheel Calvin
he's my accessory he's literally as much
was literally at times he's been trying
to give him a little ball over the past
week yeah and I'm okay yeah so we've
been trying to give him a bottle it's
just not working i IE even gave him like
a little shirt syringe today I was like
maybe this will work we can leave him
with Ellie's mom or something so we can
go to the movie no well he did really
good in the good dinosaur so we're like
this is gonna be okay we're just gonna
bring him the one thing is we are the
only people in the theatre for the good
dinosaur so we want to take a little
extra precaution so we got these bad
boys and these are little ear muffs we
got a little beanie on them we're gonna
try this out and see if it fits them
okay are you ready Calvin go do you
think that's per he's like not even like
I was gonna say he was music I cannot
get off get off can you say that's cats
cats cats cats mmm the good dinosaur I
don't think the audio levels are gonna
fluctuate near as much as Star Wars and
hopefully this will kind of calm him
down a little bit so he's not gonna be
bad worst case scenario I'll take that
good okay I can't
we just dropped Jackson off at Grandma
and Grandpa's house and now it is
officially time to begin our date and we
are missing two people on our date in
fact we are going on a double date
that's right we're on our way to we're
gonna go pick up Sean and Jenny Sean
Duras I'm excited for you to meet them
and we're gonna go we're gonna we're
gonna watch Star Wars it's the premiere
of Star Wars today we're gonna watch it
what are your thoughts on that I'm
excited because they have a ton of
treats no well I definitely don't want
to get my shoes snowy I don't once
you've got it don't want answered your
slipper hey I'll hold on tight oh my
gosh this is a long one oh thanks okay
thanks Calvin found a new best friend
are you making new friends yes somebody
hit the lights
rocket day and night baby's getting down
that's right from a.m. to p.m. Calvin
hey mom I want to do this really cute
picture where Koopa has reindeer antlers
yeah Oh ride him I really did I open up
it being I thought that's me for a quick
second for Craig thank you that's so
funny we're gonna get chicken scampi to
share it guys
we're hanging out with Sean
it's cuz your life stop the betting on
me I know I know I know
I'm on it with the girl from the menu
we're on a date when drove us
snowboarding yesterday with Sean and
Jenny and it's nice to meet you Jenny
Calvin is not just the third wheel
there's another fed well and it's a
therapy we're so we're not the only
crazy body this man that is double date
to a triple date
baby I've never seen anything right the
breadsticks are like they're lights a
light sabers right Sean is showing me
the finer points of snapchat so if you
guys aren't following me on snapchat
I'll have a link to it down below check
it out
jared is gonna make some bomb snapchats
now because we're gonna hang out yeah so
follow my mom's awesomeness come on
Calvin make a move make a move the
ritual dance stretch it how many babies
can do that you know like how cute there
that's awesome is the most adorable they
are sucking on it we made
there are tons of people here and this
is just kinda like the free party you
cut his face with a lightsaber
how are you still alive oh my gosh slow
motion right there
so the truth comes out we forgot our
camera in the car so I'm using my
cellphone to vlog right here we've got
our seats we are ready to go enjoy the
movie but I wanted to show you they have
a quiet room like it's it's a soundproof
room right there or you can like take
gave easy stuff and if the baby's crying
they won't hear we can't hear the babies
so Ellie the baby starts crying you we
just go to the quiet room making fun of
grandpas shuffle
hey fellas get off man these girls just
welcome great nice guys there was a car
stuck in the snow we pushed it out where
I such nice guys in the West like why
are you doing nice things take us home
we're in this nice warm building sitting
here waiting for you with where we're
warm and we're alive pulsing save lives
and we're manitou that's what you said
but I did the real nice thing and I
stayed there and thank you Janice Lee I
wouldn't have arranged our be the effect
the man of the hour here but you know
who are the true unsung heroes of the
night addley wait wait did the Radley in
the Calvin who's awake he's awesome
they had a little choir room it was so
good okay guys she's naughty and she
went to the choir room cuz you're
nodding what'd you guys think of the
movies the acting the acting was so good
I just watched the recent ones and I was
like they didn't overdo it and they had
real lines yeah like connected with the
audience right right I I thought I
thought it was really really good my
honest opinion I really enjoy I might
say it again I don't see movies twice
and I think that time I see it again but
I like that there was real actors from
the other ones like sometimes and
sequels it's like new people you've
never seen like they had some of the
traditional actors who I brought home
yeah Ellie what was your favorite part I
can't tell you might get spoiled oh wow
I was hoping though I wasn't hoping I
was thinking you probably say when it
ended that was my favorite the trees
Jenny your favorite part
I don't know that's just that just that
might be a spoiler thank you so much for
hanging out with us Sean and again guys
it's cold outside go check it out I'll
have a link down below he's just trying
to keep well guys that was an awesome
date it's been a long day as you can
tell we are gonna make the two-hour
drive back we're gonna pick up Jackson
and new we are going to bed thank you
guys so much for watching the vlog we
hope you have a wonderful day and we'll
see you next time
bye
