good morning guys it is a beautiful
beautiful snowy day I had a friend
contact me yesterday and so we're gonna
do something awesome do you guys happen
to know shonduras we've been chatting a
little bit and we're like hey we need to
get together sometime
let's go snowboarding in California yes
that's what's funny is like unique yeah
we met in California at one of those
meetings and we're like hey we're pretty
much neighbors let's hang out so that's
what we're gonna do today Shawna is an
amazing snowboarder and I've got
snowboarding like twice and you guys
have seen these keys so let's be twice
and how pretty one let's let's take this
with a grain of salt it might be a
comedy video today are you guys ready to
laugh we're gonna have some fun okay I'm
gonna go snowboarding like I love you
you just waved look did you see it
waving your hands in here did you see it
every time the cheat yeah yeah no it
does not on there every time the
choo-choo train that comes by we jump in
the window we roll this up we wave and
more often than not the conductor will
wave back and it was so fun we're
hanging out here with Sean Jenny and Dan
we're all gonna go snowboarding today
but first the most important the meal of
the day we're having some waffles Thank
You Jenny for making smooth waffles
you've got it now it's caramelized so
instead of just a regular maple syrup
Sean's going deep and getting the
caramel sauce you got to have that sugar
energy hyperness for snowboard and the
whipped cream yeah go deep for snowboard
oh yeah I got Calvin to sleep in Jackson
I have literally just been on the floor
playing with toys reading a book hold on
tight are you ready
okay well that I go okay hold on tight
are you ready go sure I can't believe
he's almost to so the emotions are real
congratulations April and Davi for
having your baby girl I was just
watching their birth lock and like the
moment um April had her baby and she
just it was like she was trying to have
the baby and then the baby came this she
goes she was just her whole face her
whole I have to change dive like pushing
the baby and then having the baby and
being like oh hi hi how are you it was
so cute
congratulations guys and oh it's so
emotional um it's just crazy how fast
these babies grow Calvin it's still just
a baby I mean he's seven months all
these you know you are still my baby and
uh congratulations guys
awesome job April good job Davey we love
you guys I'm ready for instruction Shawn
I am ready step 1 don't fall step two
have fun all right I've got it I've got
it memorized K from the hero now we're
switching to GoPro okay get ready for
some face plans because it's coming your
way
I told Shawn that the the buddy hill was
just too easy I want to make it you know
even harder let's go to the top of the
mountain
Peggy's got the flip
look who's here high-five did I'll say
hi to you sweetheart
are you happy your friend is here now
even though boston's your friend to you
just for boss did you look so cute stand
in the earth she's looking in your
pocket
Jackson join you on Cody's back well we
just wrapped up a killer session on the
mountain I think it's killer
you're a definition of killer might be
totally I felt it was it was really
really good I think I'm not trying to
break her I'm trying to be confident in
what I'm trying to say here I feel like
I did good and I feel like damn dude
awesome awesome okay and the very last
full speed catches tons of air lands it
and again she's dangerous there's new
proposals like oh my gosh and the GoPro
died it died right before the jump
finally I am so pissed in fact
something's bound to go wrong
but I'm so now we got that but I just
gotta fun just got on my phone I saw the
Ellie texted me and she said
Calvin is on his second good nap maybe
you should leave more often oh maybe I
should Sean what do you say should we go
snowboarding often yes how the naps we
have fun more awesome let's do it so I
hear Adly met Santa Claus for the first
time how did that go did she do good oh
did you like Santa Claus Christmas I
want stronger diapers that don't have
blowout Oh ain't that the truth every
parent's wish list
no more blowouts no more diapers I don't
know baby is a power pooper she's blown
up twice today already twice it happened
this morning
a few more I'm going to use this one I
can already tell that I'm gonna be super
sore tomorrow
and I have you to thank Sean be crazy so
sean has started daily vlogs they may
have an awesome cute little family I
mean say hello say hello Oh walking on
water that's old news we walk on
brownies that sacrilegious should I cut
that up but we were talking earlier and
it's interesting because it's it's crazy
just like how you know you don't hear
too much about this but when you hear
about it you have this you know deep
connection everything so jenny was
actually Jenny and some were telling me
that they actually struggled for about a
year to get little at least years yeah
so I'm gonna have their vlog listed down
below be sure to go check him out give
them the Ellie and Jared hug okay go
tell them that we sent Jeff alright hug
us and thank you guys for having awesome
dinner and awesome snowboarding
instructor she's like okay you can stop
are you happy I made it safe yes
oh my gosh is we stood on the phone for
like an hour I was just like just in
case something happens like they go to I
doubt me it was crazy
Elliot I honestly like I can't wait for
you to meet Sean and his wife Jenny like
there are so much fun I'm excited to
meet them globe and we're gonna meet him
tomorrow go check out their YouTube
channel make sure you subscribe because
you will love them so I have a link to
them down below be sure to give them
some Ellie and Jared love it was fun to
see all your pictures and snapchat day
yeah I did a snapchat story so it was
kind of fun we also filmed a clip a
couple days ago that we want to put in
this vlog
right now so we're gonna go ahead and
put that clip in right now we thought it
was kind of fun so we're gonna do that
hope you enjoy I call dibs on this one
no I just had a conversation and I said
this is my dad no this is my it's my dad
I've got to show you this card okay so
look at this picture this is Santa Claus
now open it up le he saw everything no
it was just like he's like I know what
you did I saw everything and I just
think that is the funniest thing ever
and so I call dibs on my brother Ryan
for this one yeah you find something
else so every year my family and I think
this is pretty normal but we do we do
exchanges so one couple and the family
will have another couple in the family
Ellie and I have my brother Ryan and
Maria for Christmas foreign exchange and
we have on your side the Julianne Landon
so I want to write a card for my brother
Ryan and Maria and I want it to be this
car I dipped it I double stamped it you
can't triple-stamp a double-stamp le and
I guess that it's a pretty perfect card
so all of these cards are from hallmark
they sent them to us and I'm excited to
write some stuff down on these cards
will be mom okay pretty and simple and
that's how my mom is called and it's
like a little tree necklace it's a
necklace that's cool
I have to tell you sorry about my
brother Ryan so and this is why another
reason why the spread is funny so I
can't remember if it was like
Thanksgiving or more towards Christmas
but we it was he was starting college
and he had a car and we were driving
from our house to his house or sorry
from our house to his college and it was
like a seven hour drive so we got to the
gas station and we got like these big
things of Mountain Dew and I was like I
was like 10 at the time so I'm like this
is gonna be so great I'm gonna drink so
much Mountain Dew it's give me so much
fun we pulled out of the gas station and
my Mountain Dew my 44-ounce Mountain Dew
spilled all over the car we just
the house listen Matt hi oh he was so
mad but we laugh about it all the time
and so when I see this that's like I
feel like it's funny so every time we
like send each other stuff we talk about
that and it's just we always laughs so
I'm riding that car and I'm gonna talk
about that for my brother so I have my
parents card right here and they are
wonderful examples to me especially
during the holiday season I have written
one of the greatest gifts you have given
me as I don't need physical gifts to be
happy those are fun thank you for your
examples faiths and testimony of Jesus
Christ I'm so grateful for them so we
are gonna write some cards to our
friends right now
thank you hallmark for sending us these
cards if you guys want to check out
these cards and some other ones I'll
have a link to Hallmark in the
description below thank you guys so much
for watching the video today we had fun
I and the thing that I like about it is
like you have a camera and I can't wait
to see what you were up to today oh yeah
we had fun so that's okay tomorrow is
Star Wars day I cannot believe we gotta
go early I know I'm excited so stay
tuned for times radio I know right okay
see you tomorrow bye
