oh no guys we're in for a treat today
you know what that treated mom's driving
I guess I have some stuff to do Ellie's
like Jared get in the car we've got
we've got a drive I have things for you
to do and you only you can do them so
I'm gonna drive for you today the day
boys like you tech tech text the tax guy
do this do this do that you know at the
end of the year so there's tons of
things that need to be done in and I'm
gonna do I'm while we're driving so
let's drive
I'm dreaming of a white Christmas just
like that u-haul likes to see look how
beautiful my parents a yard is Wow
look all the snow that is magical
that is so pretty like look at that look
at the snow that is so cool it looks
fake Jackson might go play in that today
Jackson just like ran under my legs and
he's like he's like aah and he wants me
to walk like are you am I on your
shoulders should we walk world's
strongest kid he's lifted me on his
shoulders he like is grabbing onto my
legs Oh Jackson that was so silly of you
you want to do it again oh ok do it
again what does the cowboy say yeehaw
let me see grandpa's ball that is so
special
hey bat and he's holding this ball that
he got from Missouri and I've told him
he has to stay upstairs and it's already
good it's really little but the guy we
watched the guy make it oh wow he made
it right there yeah oh wow
well I won't focus on you can just see
how cool the ball
okay Jackson mr. little construction
worker and you got your mask yeah okay
mommy and daddy are gonna go have a
meeting downtown and we want you to stay
with Grandma and have a lot of fun do
you see the doggies okay I want you to
be a good boy can you be a good boy for
Grandma
yeah if you're a good boy tonight we're
gonna go do something magical do you
want to do that hold it it's cold for
you to eat that way your septic grab up
can I just tell you something real quick
yes I'm kind of really excited right now
and it's like we're going to a financial
meeting but I am so excited to be going
with you right now because mom is
watching Jackson it's like we're going
on a date I'm so excited to be with you
Calvin is super easy we're gonna be able
to sit there and listen and do all of
that stuff and it's so exciting like a
lot of distance a year ago yeah
Jackson's with us and it
kinda crazy we all thought going to a
financial meeting is going to be our
date today we're not going on dates with
my wife Haley did nothing you see what
was it right there you see the net a
little drill dummies always looks at oh
no and and that is a latch ladies and
gentlemen that is how a baby latches hi
babies come in are you eating a cracker
yeah just have fun is he good
this is what Jackson is saying whoa
about Wow
do you want to go look at those lights
you want to get out and go look yeah
okay
we will whoa what do you think Jackson
whoa is this so cool
chuckle walk around should we go look at
the light Alvin do you like the lights
Calvin let's go look at the lights
Jackson every almost every single year
that we've been married Ellie has raved
about the lights here in Ogden and I
just never got it until I came because
I'm like yeah we can go to the lights in
Salt Lake the Salt Lake Temple temple
square lights are just amazing which is
amazing they are good but for how close
this is and for you just I mean for
something like so small it is magical
like let me show you this just every
inch of these trees are just covered and
it's beautiful and they actually just
had music synchronized to the lights are
sorry lights synchronized to the music
and and it was just so awesomely so cool
do you see the moon oh do you want a
snowball Jackson okay let's make a
snowball oh it's so cold there you go
you just threw the snowball just made
for you I guess that's the point that's
the point of snowballs is to throw them
are you cold
let me warm you up oh that's sweet
he's like a bee and I love it
I have never shown this to Jackson I
don't think we've ever done this
he is eating snow are you eating it like
where did where do kids discover that
they like I'm gonna take the snow this
cold stuff I'm gonna put in my mouth I'm
gonna eat it it's gonna be good just
long isn't a lot yellow don't want any
yellow snow good thing this is fresh
great tips no oh now it's too cold do
you want to go play down there with your
friends you wanna go play down there I
think that snows as deep as you are he
doesn't want to jump it do you want to
go in the walk go for it go walk why
just let's go play dad here take this
call those little toes these were so mad
come we'll just hang out and stay warm
while they go play
I did was Calvin Holman accepted me
there Jackson will be easy because he's
already asleep I just have to change him
change diaper put him back to bed
it can't be that hard right okay okay
well I don't think Jackson knew exactly
where he was when I got him out of the
car and he had a little bit of a
breakdown but I got I got asleep and he
is just how did you could all of a
sudden you screaming and Nelson he's out
are they we had a father-son bonding
moment and that's just all I'm gonna say
only because Jackson you know right fist
bump noggin
thanks so much for watching the vlog
today guys we hope you had a wonderful
day guys we are getting so close to
Christmas I cannot wait we've got a lot
of fun stuff planned in fact tomorrow I
am doing something crazy with a good
friend some of you guys may know him
from snapchat but stay tuned defer
tomorrow because it's gonna be a lot of
fun Ellie you know what to do
waiting or lazy day tomorrow are you
gonna do that to my eyebrows okay maybe
okay bye bye
