I've done that he's not hurt is he
Jared sure it's like you're stuck in the
camp I said one pic literally k-keep
okay ready
do you see his heart there you go
I was like hey Jackson I lifted it up
crawl out
no no crawl out and he kept getting
higher and higher and like that's going
on oh my god that was a fun start to our
day Jenna you get it's time to do our
Q&A let's do it Jared grabbed a bunch of
questions that you guys ask for a Q&A
today we've got one kid in the corner we
have one kid running back and forth we
are ready to answer some of your
questions guys okay Jared what's the
first question first question of the day
comes from what a girl wants her name's
it says what a groans okay and she says
what is the complete process of editing
your vlogs include everything you get
one day fast then here's the thing so we
filmed the video can I take the SD card
out of the card or out of the camera
plug it into the computer import the
footage from the camera into the
computer from there I import it from the
computer into Final Cut Pro and then I
trimmed down the video then I export it
and then I upload it from the computer I
save a file on the computer then I
upload it to YouTube
during the upload process all foot put
in everything in the description I
usually just copy and paste it and then
change things that are relevant and then
I'll put in the tags the tags basically
are things that help make the video
searchable and then I'll put a title and
the thumbnail and then depending on the
situation I'll either schedule the video
for the next day or I'll make up you
know make it
when it when as soon as it's done from
there once the videos process and upload
it I'll do annotations and then cards
and that's how you upload and then I'll
do like comments and stuff for like an
hour or so after that next question next
question comes from Ali imagine you in
the kids in 20 years what job do you
think Jackson and Calvin could do oh wow
my mom thought I would be an architect
but now I'm a nurse so I think that just
something with that as I think we're on
the same wave like very same with my mom
I remember I remember when we were
telling our like I think we're gonna
make the jump and YouTube is going to be
our job and my mom said you know I
remember somebody telling me when I was
your age that your kids are going to
have jobs that aren't even invented yet
haven't even been thought of and my
mom's like I don't know about that and
she goes it's true my children are
having jobs I never even knew there were
jobs so I think that was the same with
our kids I think Jackson Calvin are
going to have jobs that are probably not
even jobs right now you just gave up God
he's gonna spit it out he knows pretty
good I did find a piece of gum on Calvin
today though and that's mater Jackson
will be like rocky ologist or something
geologists I made that up that either
filmmaking of Rocky Balboa where is he
gonna be a geologist and study rock that
sounds about right
either way I you know I would actually
be fine if you studied Rocky Balboa
those are that's a really really great
series for Jared when did your love for
music and singing star did you ever take
lessons do you plan on creating more
music like Brian love you guys
I've music has been a part of my life
since I can even remember obviously my
dad is huge into music and it was a huge
inspiration for me same with my brothers
my brother's all play guitar and they're
very very talented and sometime there's
like I would say there's like a little
hidden competition between all of our
all the brothers forget all the brothers
know that you can see yeah oh yeah so
I'm the brothers are good good but like
Jared's buger of the family well my dad
is the spirit dad it was good to end the
thing is because he takes a lot more
time than I do to sing and
something I need to work on is doing
more singing because I don't want to
lose that time I used to sing all the
time in high school and stuff but from
the very beginning of my life I've loved
music and I've always wanted to develop
those talents and I would love to keep
doing that
I never took lessons I always taught
myself guitar piano no I took piano
lessons I take that back but I'm a
little bit and I think 2016 is going to
be a big year for music on my channel so
make sure you subscribe I'll have a link
down below jessica says why are all the
conventions on the west coast the East
Coast would love to see you well there
is playlist live I can't remember when
that is April or something like that
that is on you know the East Coast and
then there's streamcon in New York those
are so much fun we'd love to go I'd love
to go to streamcon in New York next year
playlist is coming up do you guys want
to see us at playlist live in Florida I
know I'm just gonna say let them know
that your love to see us there we don't
know if we're going just yet oh do you
want to go to Florida oh and you want
more gum our conversations has been the
kids and conventions I'm not sure about
right now yeah we we're not sure about
conventions we're building a house we're
doing all those things we'd love to go
to playlist cuz we had such a good time
so let playlist know on Twitter and
everything that you guys would love to
see us there if you do want to if you
don't want us to then don't do it
how did you feel in high school and do
you have any techniques of not stressing
during finals I did not take my own
advice
prepare study work hard if you prepare
throughout the whole semester if you do
little bits throughout the whole
semester the finals gonna be easy but if
you're you know cramming and jamming at
the very last minute that's where it's
gonna be hard so make sure you're
studying throughout the whole semester
one of my favorite websites when I was
in cool college was hacked college and
it just gave you like all these cool
tips and stuff so I check it out but if
you are prepared you shall not fear this
is a great question from Coco monkey hi
guys I have a lot of confidence problems
and I'm very self-conscious about my
acne and wait what advice do you have to
boost my confidence thank you guys you
and
I mean I think that is a great question
and I can definitely apply that I had
really bad acne especially when we got
married and that was hard for me being a
newlywed and like washing my face at
night and I didn't know if what Jared
was thinking my skin was very red very
irritated I remember you wouldn't let me
touch your face ever it was really hard
for me because you wouldn't let me touch
it
yeah he was like good and I was like oh
don't don't don't like I it was awful I
don't know if he relates this but we
first got married I remember we'd go
into town and he'd be like I don't like
how you're acting
you're like mean to people like we'd get
in the car today
oh that lady huh and I'd be very rude
and there are several times that Jared's
like you don't act like that who do you
think you are Ellie you know you can't
say that about people and I don't know
if he realizes but I related that to my
insecurities of my skin and it took me a
long time to be happy with myself and it
took me a long time to realize that it
really people don't care if people
didn't care if my skin was red people
didn't care if I had acne just try and
be really happy with yourself first and
the confidence will come and I feel that
with age skin can get better also skin
can get worse with age too with some
people but my favorite skincare line is
she's eight oh and I get it at
Nordstrom's and I only buy it about
twice a year and that's helped me I
think
one thing that's very important to
realize is that people care more about
your character and your attitude then
your you know your skin yeah and my
weight or your weight the the physical
appearance is second to the character
that you have and the attitude that you
have and the last question comes from
Megan and she says it doesn't seem like
it in your vlogs but is it hard having a
toddler and a baby because it seems like
every day you just have the happiest
kids ever I'd be having Jackson and
Calvin it's easier than I thought it
would be I thought oh we're gonna have
two kids they're gonna be like little
bit babies and toddlers that's gonna be
really hard it's been really more easy
than I thought kids are hard they they
have tantrums they are tired they get
hungry they want treats all day
i watch its all day but they don't
listen and it's really it is hard but
when you what you guys see the happiness
of the kids they really are Jackson
doesn't really have meltdowns in Walmart
you know he has meltdowns if he's over
over over tired but our kids are happy I
think the hardest part is sleep yeah I
think that's one of the hardest parts is
the sleep but I think you know overall
there were there happy kids yeah and I
think you know one reason might be that
they see us where we're happy we're
going as much as we can and I think they
try and resemble that did we tell
Jackson to be happy like if he gets mad
and stuff I say I ought smile look at me
and smile be happy I'd be a good boy
let's start over like a teen if I said
no and he gets upset I say let's start
over smile is this what you want
Kate's gonna have it later or something
you know but that's it the thing is I
think those are kids yeah kids but you
know kids are hard and I think that's
another big thing is each kid is
different so take that
speaking of each kid is different you
know things change and everything and we
had one of the biggest changes happened
to us today Jackson I change that I am
not quite ready for our Jackson I would
rather retrain him to sleep in a crib
than this you Jackson you have to give
him a second he's doing some engine
changes here on this factory
oh yeah that's gonna be his future job
work out tractors do you want to show
everybody what you learned today getting
out of bed close it now and open it
again
oh my god oh my god yeah we're gonna
have to go to the store and get some of
those Dorothy nice
okay that's us that closed for the day
thank you guys for asking questions and
I think that this really has been fun
for Jared night to do the q and A's and
thank you guys so much for watching
we'll see you tomorrow
tophi CI oh he's ready to eat okay bye
