good morning guys we start this morning
by saying hello to you but saying
goodbye to my dad you gotta go practice
for your little thing that you're doing
tonight little thing what do you mean
it's a big thing what's the big thing
that you're doing
it's a Christmas concert oh my dad is
doing a Christmas concert and I feel so
bad that we can't be there I do too but
we've got things that we getting it back
so uh thank you for letting us stay here
thank you for letting us impose on your
personal and emotional things and I
can't thank you for helping us
improbably it's our pleasure I wish you
well give me a big hug okay love you
sure love you dad Jackson can you give
grandpa hugs oh because oh you're gonna
miss Graham fine say goodbye
say bye to Grandpa papa bye
here comes the choo-choo train Chuck
good Chuck Chuck Chuck I think are we
pretending you're a baby
oh so I mentioned before we left for our
trip to Spokane that I loved seeing how
people pack their stuff I don't know
what it is but I just think the
organization is cool how people pack
different things and what they actually
pack so I'm packing up all of my
electronics the stuff that goes in my
backpack like my carry-on and I thought
I'd show you guys what I have this is
the overall picture of almost everything
in my bag I've got my laptop right there
and the charge nurse stuff but we're
using it right now for the vlog so I
just thought I'd show you right here so
I've got my iPad right here I've got a
little a little portable tripod from
Gorillapod I've got this polaroid cube
I've got a 64 gigabyte USB Drive and
extra camera - iPhone Chargers my Apple
watch charger my headphones that I use I
love these things
a charger with an extra battery and
extra charger and a portable battery
this batteries from anchor and it's a
10,000 milliamp battery and it's
honestly it's probably one of my
favorite toys because Ellie never
charges her phone and so I always have
her use that because ya know i got it
they actually sent it to me very cool
for traveling okay so that's like my
backpack our suitcases are all done and
we're about to get goin Ellie I'm kind
of like sad this is why I love being
here but I'm excited to go you know
stuff have to do we get home yeah so I
don't want to go home Calvin I see you
there
I see you there
ah did I find this fun okay this is it
we are leaving my home and Spokane is
kind of sad
but we'll see my parents sometime soon
we're going to come outside in the
beautiful beautiful misty air this is
like Spokane to me you know it doesn't
rain a ton but it always has this fresh
feel to it do you feel the freshness
goodbye house I'll miss you goodbye
basketball hoop I'm miss dunking young
you in slow motion are you ready to go
on an airplane are you ready go on an
airplane Jack well this is a sight
sheriff's got the luggage ready got the
kids ready City Cody Oh
grandma's gonna miss you are you gonna
miss grandma oh yeah
look in my eyes are you gonna miss me
okay I'm gonna miss you kiss
can I have a kiss
ah great yes grandma gave Jackson wore
baggy M&Ms for the flight that was cute
oh thanks for being such a good sport
well back to Spokane you guys like when
we come to smoke can't see my mom and
dad yes is good we need to have maybe
we'll come back soon
yeah we just grabbed a bite to eat and
now we're walking towards our gate and I
just have the best little hole but
you're so excited to get on plane huh
should we get on plane let's do it
help him push the stroller and
everything you're ready to go home mama
go ahead and take a look at Cal yeah and
this guy is graduated to a bigger chair
he took his brother's seat yeah bud yeah
the baby's in your seat huh
each other in Jackson Jackson has the
whole road to himself you ready to go on
a plane yeah oh that was quite clear no
getting in the net but ladies and
gentlemen the main stem indoors now
close as you know by doing that all care
night it's still completely underneath
us inside of you
all computers turned off and stowed and
did you just wake up oh my gosh my snap
hey buddy
Sara there he literally slept the entire
quiet well this is something you
certainly don't want to see when you get
back to your car from the airport that
is a very low tire right there I don't
know if you can tell but it's pretty low
to this guy right here so we drove to
the nearest gas station very very slowly
with our hazard lights on we're going to
fill up the air and the tires because
you don't want to be driving two hours
with a flat tire like that I'm still
missing a hubcap there but that looks a
lot better that is not near as flat as
it was I was sitting at 5 psi when it's
supposed to be like 29 to 31 it was
crazy
so now I'm just checking the tire to
make sure there's like nothing inside of
it that's causing a leak maybe it was
just the air pressure I don't know there
must be something wrong with the tire
cuz it and the other sides are down this
flat
I wish I knew more about carbs sometimes
I feel like an idiot
we made the two-hour drive home and
things are just back to normal
Oh yep Ellie's not wearing any pants
things are right back to normal we just
gave the kids baths and it just feels
good to be home
don't get me wrong I love being at my
parents house I love being at my
childhood home with my parents and
having just a great time but it feels
good to be home you know what I mean
that looks like a cookie huh um Calvin
is like crawling oh my gosh sure Shawn
yeah I think we should because that's
it's crazy are you are you just growing
up way too fast
you're just gonna way too fast down you
still put your foot in your mouth that's
okay yo we have placed a toy in front of
Calvin oh and he's going for the towel
ladies and gentlemen okay look over here
can you come grab it okay he's got he's
got the reach he realized he can't reach
it so he's gonna get up on his knees and
he's gonna lunge forward a little bit
ladies and gentlemen we've got a scooter
we've got a scooter on our hands oh oh
he's got this dance
Oh did you see that lunge ladies and
gentlemen that was perfect form he does
it again Oh Logan he's almost a
faceplant ladies and gentlemen he's got
it he got the toy yes
uh-oh little friend that wasn't good
enough mama wants you to do it again cuz
you go so you do it so well but he like
totally brings onto Tommy I know he
lunges for it he's like okay I know how
to move I know little look at that
bye-bye master mm he's growing up way
too fast Ellie he's so stinking care oh
my goodness well we have one over here
talking Ellie you know we're gonna have
two kids running around our house soon
ha no no we can barely keep up with
Jackson as it is yeah I love it though
do you see a choo-choo a little rough
getting the kids to bed but they are in
bed and I just walked in and Jackson had
toys galore all over him he was so
excited to come home have his toys there
and we just checked our mail and the
boys's little Christmas booties game I
don't know what to think about that well
I ordered on pajamas and then these are
kind of like slipper socks to wear with
them they're cute we didn't mean
anything you need to do I think they're
stinking cute we'll see I don't know
they'll get their jammies to anything
but thank you guys so much for watching
not only today but every day thank you
for coming along our journey we love
interacting with you guys is our
favorite we have fun tomorrow we're very
excited for our Q&A mmm we should we do
she would use questions in the vlog we
haven't done that sure let's do that
leave a question in the comments below
using the hashtag hashtag hashtag ask
Ellie and Jared and we'll answer those
questions from the comments in today's
video yeah all right
hey guys it feels so good to be home uh
there's Jackson with a dollar in his
shirt and it feels so good to be home
Joan and I were watching last year's
video and this makes me so glad that we
are doing this recording this he was
giving us the cheesiest smile you guys
want to go check out last year's video
go ahead and then today's also you
obviously watched so wow that was weird
okay bye
