where's Santa yeah yeah where's the
stock yeah that's a good stocking
where's the teddy bear yeah yeah where's
the train yeah hmm can you open it Oh
what's there yeah what is that yeah what
is it yeah what is it
I'll save it for later
okay back at the mouth are you pushing
your brother no now he oh he wants you
to push him you want me to push yeah
what's your poem oh okay Ready Set here
comes the train
Ready Set yee-hah Calvin just woke up
from a nap and he was crying and Jackson
heard him I was like baby and when right
open the door and we're gonna see what's
going on oh you trying to climb up in
there are you soo than Calvin oh is that
the baby oh you do you just want him for
his binky oh yeah I see you I see you hi
hey oh don't you cry don't you cry
where're you now I feel like we have a
renewed focus we have a determination
dad are you focused and determined I'm
focused we are gonna go outside in the
backyard and we are gonna throw things
away we had a family meeting just now
and we're gonna get down and dirty dad
is taking the day off today and I don't
think in the past 27 years of my life my
dad has ever taken a day off so we are
gonna go outside and we're gonna get
busy let's do it yeah so now I know
where Jackson's a love of rock has come
from I pulled out a little baggie I
thought oh this looks really nice
they were grandpa Gibbs is rocks look
see that is where Jackson must get his
love her Huck's look what Jackson found
in the backyard he just knows he is
having so much fun skipping his nap and
playing outside we are working hard
which PS I didn't know that you left him
because he was like playing at the door
I was like oh I thought Jarrod took him
he's having fun in the backyard with his
lamb dung ready this ting pickup ticket
oh now he's playing yeah
Oh Jackson like this like this ready
Oh should be nice 60 frames per second
sure
Jackson dad's gonna show you how it's
done this house done jack
Wow it's not very high can we get a
little R Kelly I believe I can fly
you're right
I'm pretty proud of mom and dad they
have been doing a lot today we just
finished up the first half of the day
with getting rid of a bunch of junk so
dad and I were in the backyard moving a
bunch of just old wood garbage and we
filled the dumpster and we actually
filled it pretty quick and then mom and
Ellie were inside and they were going
through the closets upstairs and we've
already got all of this stuff and
there's a lot more left to do but I want
to show you in the backyard what we were
doing because it was crazy how much we
moved our backyard has a ton of junk but
over here by our little shed we had wood
stacked from the ground all the way up
to like right here like higher than the
shingles and it went all the way back to
here and we're keeping this set of wood
right here for the fence in case we need
to fix the fence and stuff so all of
this was completely covered in wood we
cut the wood down we broke it down and
we put it in the dumpster okay
now that we're done with that time for a
well-deserved lunch everybody's taking a
break we're eating cannon I didn't want
to light Jackson down for a nap because
I knew he probably wouldn't know and I
didn't want to wake Calvin up even
though Calvin just focus I think it's
fun having a toddler like Heath ever
does this at home Jared yes I'd love
that he's like he's comfy oh he's a good
boy Jackson that's a very dangerous spot
for you to be in this is grandpa's
office Shh yeah do you want to spin in
the chair you do I don't know if the
chair will spin all the way around
do you have your guy walk yes a yee-ha
okay you two what is going on Ellie are
you in there
mom dad and I are working our tails off
and you guys are playing with boxes the
only way to entertain him Jackson oh
he's using as a slide now Ellie Michael
I hope your face is okay being used as a
slide okay more makeup than that did you
see it happen
passing gas that all of it I said do you
need to poop it's beyond Oh Jackson look
at me look at mommy
did you go poo on gamez floor hey booboo
I just I just got Jackson undressed to
run up oh yeah all right but um I
described Jackson to go to the bath and
he pooped on grandma's floor
we gotta go we made a mess we had two
very eventful events happen dad and I
were taking the truck to make a donation
we filled it all up and we were on one
of the busiest roads in our neighborhood
and the truck died and I'm like grab oh
no so I hurry and get out of the truck
and I'm behind it pushing it as hard as
I can
luckily a few minutes later we got we
got started back up but it was scary I
mean that tracks old you know what's up
with poop in our family Ellie
oh goodness you are so right getting
ready to go tomorrow for our flight I'm
getting a Jackson's a little carry-on
bag ready to go I've said this before
and I'll say it again I think it is
really cool when not only I've used a
product my whole marriage I've used my
whole life that they want to work with
you I have used sip lakh brand bags from
when I was a little girl taking my home
school lunch to school and I use it
literally when I travel in Jackson's
little travel bag this is what it looks
like
usually a toy Kelvin's binky will go in
the small pocket and then in the big
pocket I have a I think like two yeah
usually two bags I have one bag with
hand sanitizer a Kleenex an extra onesie
in case of a bra and a diaper for the
flight and then I have another bag full
of goodies usually there for me
I'll have nuts I'll have little
chocolates I have some candy cane a
little food pouch a PowerBar that I put
in his bag I like using the Ziploc brand
bags because I feel like it makes
traveling easier and less stressful it's
easy organization as well they do have
some really fun holiday containers right
now it is just kind of like you put the
lid on and it's a one press seal ready
to go and if you guys are anything like
my mother-in-law or my mom you baked
goodies to give to your neighbors and
these are perfect to give away a lot of
you guys have asked how we travel with
the kids what we Pat we really do try
and keep it very minimal usually I
overdo it on clothes but as far as his
bag he gets one toy and we have two
little bags that go right in there when
we are working with Ziploc they show us
a really fun holiday travel video it's
really cute I laughed I smiled if you
guys want to check out I'll have it down
in the description below well we've got
some stuff packed up are you ready to go
tomorrow
I'm not ready either it went by way too
fast do you think we even scratched the
surface did we get enough done for the
week oh yeah you guys work so hard you
are tired but today
Oh mom she was waiting in your mom I
think we all did go worked hard yeah if
we just collect a lot of stuff yeah
we've got a long way to go but we made a
start and with that we're gonna end the
vlog we want to thank zip-lock for
sponsoring this video and we want to
thank you guys for watching it so hope
you have a wonderful day and I'll see
you guys next time and I want to take
Jackson for being so cute see ya bye
well guys it is after midnight and
everyone is asleep I'm the only one
awake and it's just you and me now just
you and me we're sitting together here
having a great time just finish the
video and we both laughed we both cried
let's be honest we had a moment there it
was a good moment and now I've ruined
the moment thanks so much for watching
the video today guys be sure to check
out the links that I have below and then
on the side also Ellie had a video that
went up on her channel yesterday be sure
to check that out it's what we've been
filming behind the scenes as we've been
purchasing the lot so basically from the
day we discovered the lot to the day we
bought it
I'll have her video link down below so
be sure to check that out today was my
last full day with my parents we're
flying out tomorrow and it's going to be
bittersweet you know we had such a good
time with them and I am definitely going
to miss them so be sure to give the
video a thumbs up for my parents and
we'll see you guys next time
