Jackson were you sharing with Calvin and
me were you sharing that's the first
time Jackson has given Calvin something
and he ate it I think he liked it but I
think I'm probably not gonna give you
anymore until you're older hi Jackson
just gave Calvin some cracker and you
loved it
good morning
Oh all morning I feel like has been a
very big struggle whether it's been
getting Colin to sleep and yet you're
watching Cody or Jackson to sleep and
Tom and I got to say twice he kept
waking up and I just could not risk it
any longer so Jackson skipped out on his
nap and we have been watching his
cousin's this has been keeping it
entertained and he wants to get down but
I'm like nope it's not time and you're
gonna set my lap so he is sitting on in
that and you're watching all your
cousins
oh yeah and Santa that's what he says
Santa see Santa
yeo-hwa yeo-hwa Santa say Santa I don't
know how he gets out of Santa but he
does ah Jackson who is that I five did
great sorry Boston it's been a pretty
hectic morning to say the least and I
feel bad because I feel like Kelly has
been getting the the most of the
hecticness with the kids I've been
working and everything but she's been a
trouper she is always so good to just
goosfraba
oh I think you are I think you are and
I'm not just saying that I'm not just
saying that for the video I'm just
saying that because it's true
like you know so I think you'd do good
but now we're gonna leave this guy here
this guy's gonna just hang out and do
his own stuff and danger danger and we
are gonna go visit aunt Jen and you know
what that means we've gotta get in the
car
Jackson do you wanna get in the car yeah
do you want to sit shotgun do you wanna
drive Oh sounds like Calvin wants to sit
in shotgun do you want to sit shotgun do
you want to sit Shack
okay just this once just this once
justice woods justice what stop that I
can't remember if I talked about this
the last time I was here but I just I
was just putting Jackson into the car
and I saw it and it reminded me so I was
a kid and I saw this on the wall in the
garage this these initials right here DL
and my thought is like okay that's
either like the first owner of the house
or something like that or this guy who
like did then you know the though the
walls of the garage or something like
there has to be some sort of
significance my thinking is that it's
the owner and I'm just like well if he
can put his initials there I'm gonna put
my initials there too so those are my
initials Jared Meachem for those of you
who didn't know my initials are you
gonna put your name there dad I don't
think so okay
Jared says that I know how to deal but
one thing's for sure he knows how to
make everybody laugh
Wow
he loves this guys I'm here with
Jennifer jared is in the car or Jared
Jackson's in the car sleeps with Jared's
offense but the moment Jennifer opened
the door do you guys think that's so
cool
Wow the moment Jennifer open the door
she goes are you kidding me
look at what she's wearing look at what
we are wearing these same shirt and the
other day we were wearing the same shirt
we just have wonderful taste yeah I
think that is so funny
like that is so funny but we did notice
I have blue buttons yes so we're not
that ones why winners she has red and my
buttons are red but we're here we're
just gonna hang out it's not her home so
cute and cozy her husband like made that
stand and that stand over there it is
seriously so cute and cozy in here
oh that's cute of cannon it makes me
want to go home and like radio my home
that happened I'm with Missy I'm like
guys the songs are so cute
Oh mommy no tomorrow Jennifer incisive
her flanks you talk and so we are going
to sell them roll yeah yeah we are just
meeting up with Tyson and mom and dad
and we are gonna go have dinner because
that's then we're gonna go hang out talk
and chat and have a lot of fun and the
tomatoes sweet and we've got to uphold
tradition Ellie if you want me to do it
do you want to do it I will do it there
it is
why these duck yeah I don't know I love
it though one of those sponges that they
used to erase the black boy 20 here we
made Calvin's feel like thinking
you've lost your touch he's been doing
it all day long so Democrats um you know
so we can give them the cannon sure
that's free and then she pulls up this
contraption here and I'm like oh it's a
water bottle but what what is it you're
gonna grind up noodles when did you get
it did you find narrative with it a gift
it was a target
you get everything - I have one online
order they're like five bucks can you
hear it
not a sound can be heard in this house
everything is quiet
Jackson is asleep Calvin is being robbed
by Ellie right now and peace is flowing
through me
and it was perfect
up until the second-to-last note that
that Christmas medley I have grown my
whole life hearing that and it's just
beautiful and I I feel as though it's a
privilege that I get to hear you play
guitar Oh shucks Thanks
so we're just hanging out here the kids
are asleep Ellie's finally down is
Calvin asleep yeah that means we can
party very quietly for ten minutes how
come my in-laws are so cute why are you
guys so cute Oh
two fat old people and a bigger bed on
vibrate mode oh he loves it you guys are
so cute
Calvin you are lucky that your
grandparents want you so much he is cute
I think what I'm doing right now is the
best way you can end a night I have cut
up I have sliced up and I have put
together the most delicious treat in the
entire world we are going to call it a
night we are going to sit and chat and
eat these goodies and Ellie has just
finished editing a video that's gonna be
up on her channel you guys should go
watch it right now behind the scenes of
when we purchased our lot I know it took
me forever to edit it but it's up and
that's fun for us to have oh my gosh
this is this is crazy that we're even
doing this so thanks so much for
watching the video
and we'll see you guys next time bye bye
bye good morning guys I am here with my
buddy Jackson can you say hi say loud we
are the only ones awake right now it is
very early in the morning the next day
and I just want to say thank you guys so
much for watching the video I want to
know in the comments below let me know
what you guys think about this little
voiceover thing that we're doing it's
gonna make more sense why we're doing
here yeah do see Santa it's gonna make
more sense why we're doing it here soon
but I just kind of want to get your
thoughts on it and so leave a comment
down below be sure to check out
yesterday's video one-year video and if
you guys haven't be sure to hit the big
red button and subscribe and we'll see
you guys tomorrow bye
