say choo-choo
oh my goodness by the skin of our teeth
oh my gosh Ellie the video just went
live and you know what just happened you
probably know you guys all probably know
you're experiencing it as I am the power
just went out we have no electricity
it hasn't been too bad the weather is
actually pretty nice but what they're
saying is they're forecasting today
gusts of up to 75 miles per hour with an
wind like crazy
or with rain like crazy and my parents
fence bless its heart for some reason my
parents my parents fence with all the
rain the ground is so soft and if we
have winds of 75 miles per hour not fin
that fence might go down that fence may
go down well that wasn't very exciting
we we didn't have power for maybe what
15 minutes 20 minutes oh you think so oh
geez
dad texted us and said the power company
texted him and said the power would be
out for at least five hours so let's
hope it stays on because we've got some
of the internet videos that we need to
upload to youtube.com/scishow Elia and
Jared if you look closely you can see
there's a shard of metal stuck inside my
thumb let me get tweezers well I think I
can get it oh well ah no cheese yeah
first he was scooting himself was he
really oh my gosh look at you go good
day he was doing it with his mouth
though
three tourists here you go come on
giraffe here we go how big my dick heck
with you guys I'm grabbing it with me
come on long leg
hey long neck oh you're so tall then and
what a happy boy is um he has not had a
peep the sense that we have got
Washington and this morning I was just
like calling you just being extra fussy
at the last few days I'm like no he
hasn't pooped
no wonder did you have a car toddy I
know you need to so he has I put him in
my wrap and I've held him to sleep for a
nap time so we need to get you to go to
the bathroom so we are just getting
ready packing up to get ready to go to
the movies a Jared you wanted him to
have more Jared is doing a little
meeting or a class George is doing a
class online about YouTube and how we
can grow learning things about the
backend of YouTube so after his class
Elmo yeah Big Bird you are can I can I
sit on your lap fine fine fine I'll get
off your laptop are you ready to go see
a movie and are you ready to eat popcorn
easy and are you ready to get a drink
yeah baby
is your brother to come yeah okay that's
nice if you vote will have your brother
come too okay
a few moments later
this is no way to go and see a movie
and you're going to your first movie
you've got to pay for your first movie
to here hi how's it going we're getting
some movie goody essentials over there
but I saw Jackson and grandma over here
are you racing the car Jackson are you
going so fast go so fast ready set go
are you ready
No cultures Peter J Jackson are you so
excited to be at your first movie ki
dance he's been like rocking out in the
mall the previews he's just like yeah
yeah yeah okay are you gonna share that
popcorn Jackson yeah thanks give grandma
a taste may have one give grandma some
popcorn he's looking and selecting very
carefully this is like a freaking dream
come true we have the entire theater to
ourselves look at this just fine all he
wants to do is be held oh yeah
yeah
so tell me how the movie was Calvin
slept the entire movie Jackson oh there
he goes
bye Jackson did you love the movie you
were perfect oh my gosh he did so that
he sat and watched the entire movie we
only had one little mishap he spilled
his drink everywhere but he did it at
the very end so I'm calling it a win
that I cannot wait to take him to war
movies I know now I think I've tried to
do we want to get some quarters and let
him play a car game so cute I'm almost
to get in a little ball that's so fun
Jackson he just did he just did so good
now you want to race some cars okay so
you put it down man there
take my money
let me there will charm on my time
really that what color do we want any
color I don't think you can be too picky
with these ones
but we'll actually make it yeah yeah
Jackson go get it go get the whole look
dim here
I can barely reach it there we go no the
holidays have begun when Hickory Farms
is in the mall we gotta go get some
gotta go get them with Jax's little
mishap we're like ok we should probably
get something heat some sweat pants
anyway so let's kill Duke two birds with
one stone what do you say guys
how do those fit Jack I don't like him
oh is that does that tag hurt don't
worry we'll take it off here in a second
when we get up please
cool you getting checked out Jackson
sweet you are the cheapest person ever
well we're trying to get the kids asleep
but while we're in the meantime we're
having some visitors come over say
what's up girls so I have to tell like
this is kind of freaking me out a little
bit so these girls are from our church
and my mom works with them on Sundays
and then on Wednesdays for like mutual
it's kind of like youth group that's
perfect that's perfect
now what's crazy is when I was you know
living in this area
these girls were just like tiny little
kids like you remember yeah well I'm
just like okay so tell me your name
what's your last name and they said
their last names like wait a second
weren't you supposed to be just like
barely learning how to walk but now it's
so good to see you guys so tell me your
names
Brianna Sonya and Emily all right cool
do you guys have any friends that watch
us okay your homework for the night okay
today has been honestly like one of the
best days ever we had not together yeah
it's been a while and Jackson just he's
the best he did so good and Calvin slept
through it
I think our kids performed better than
we could have ever expected yes we've
been hanging out here with mom and dad
and we've just been chatting of
everything and planning out the year and
it's just been so exciting I can't wait
for 2016 because that's what we like to
do I think we like to sit and talk like
some families are like working families
or hmm eating cookie families we do but
that's gonna be it from us thank you
guys so much for watching and we'll see
you tomorrow bye bye say bye
take a night Kevin can I go hey what's
up guys I am sitting here with my mom hi
guys so we were just sitting here
talking about oh and Jackson's here too
can you say hi Jackson say hi we were
just sitting here and talking about
yesterday and mom I want to ask you what
your favorite part about yesterday was
Oh taking Jackson to the movie
that was so fun he was so good oh my
gosh that was it was so much fun we are
so excited to keep taking Jackson the
new movies and for the new year 2016 is
gonna be a ton of fun and I can't wait
for you guys to see it so make sure you
are subscribed be sure to hit that big
red button at the bottom that says
subscribe down there and some of you
guys may not know in the top right
corner of your screen there's a little I
little information button where you can
see all of the video links that we have
posted throughout the video and if you
guys want to see yesterday's vlog or the
one year ago vlog be sure to hit those
links too
we'll see you guys next time bye
