Jerrod Nelly had to leave for a meeting
and so that means we get to feed him
candy oh no no no just take one oh okay
got what he wanted his eye
where did you put your other cracker you
don't have a pocket where did you put it
you put it down your shirt yeah can you
get it there it is what a good place to
keep a cracker are there any more down
there Jackson can you grab me some
measuring tape go find it hey Jackson
you want to help good job high five yeah
okay Jackson you just got to make sure
we've got it all organized the right way
okay you can do that okay we've gotta
load the truck up with a few more things
it was kind of hard to get rid of the
kennel last time I was here we had
wrinkles and she passed away just a
little while ago and this kennel right
here has been the house the home to all
of our dogs that I have ever grown up
with and so getting rid of it is you
know we're taught we're donating it
right now but it's hard it's emotional
it's just like you have so many
emotional ties to these things and
that's just like who would have thunk
like a dog kennel would be hard to let
go of you know gosh I miss those darn
dogs mmm Jackson guess who it is who is
that
says mama what
no that's aunt Jen is that a baby I can
in you're so big guys I'm hanging out
here with my sister and her little boy
can and they came to visit us and while
we clean up this basement here we've
made a ton of progress
we got the dumpster all emptied out and
now we've got to feed it back up you
ready to rock Jack's okay Jackson you
got three balls can you juggle can you
juggle one really is Jared being rude
again we've got the babies here playing
you got two babies here sitting and I
don't know if you guys noticed but uh
Jen and I kind of look a little bit
alike we are matching glitter and win a
Jackson saw Jen he said mama I'm not
sure I got that on film but he did and I
thought oh he did yeah okay the donation
pile are you helping Jared for how much
you have been kind of mad and mean to
your pair and making him throw a lot of
way but this came out of Jared's book
that we've been married six years so
this is at least probably 10-15 years
old
yeah yeah garbage
peekaboo you do that yesterday no they
sell big you did peekaboo hey boyfriend
hi sister girl what do you say we go on
that date let's go on a date you only go
on a date to that the good winner we're
going on a date we're going to go donate
all of this hey would you mind opening
the door for me sir oh I would love to
let me just unlock it for you a little
lady
thank you you go we can even sit right
that's my bench seats are so awesome you
sit next to your girl you know what
every time my parents go to the dump for
like the dir thrift store we'd go by and
get a treat so maybe we can make this an
official date I'm gonna go by making a
new bar and a pop well let me make sure
I got my wallet so we can drive legally
and purchase some things yep phone
wallet keys you guys ever do the pocket
oh yeah
and with kids yeah got two one two let's
go let's go let's go
ready joining it as engine Rev
Hey yeah keep your head down you're very
mature very mature there's a lot of old
this is the way that's what it's like
when you ride a bucking horse so we have
the kids in bed yeah
well Calvin is in bed he's just not
asleep we're trying to get him to sleep
anyway
so we're like let's all watch a movie we
have everything done that we need to so
let's go watch a movie and dad and I
when we went to the movie yesterday I
got a Slurpee instead of a drink and so
we're like oh I'm watching a movie I
don't really want a Slurpee does anyone
else want a Slurpee Jen you want a
Slurpee okay I'm gonna go get a Slurpee
Oh Jennifer I have a feeling things are
about to get really serious right now
dee doo dee dee
doo-doo-doo-doo didn't know there might
be dinosaurs in those gas stations okay
guys according to the movie we'll watch
it tomorrow Jared we rented the movie it
wouldn't work so Jared ended up buying
in it's still not working so we're all
gonna sit here can you guys okay we're
gonna go ahead and the bog so thank you
guys for watching and we have a really
fun day planned tomorrow
I think if Jackson's well behaved I
think we might take him to his first
movie so we'll see you tomorrow bye
what's up guys hey I am sitting here
with my dad hi dad
hey so I have a question for you dad and
I guess my question is is simply this
are you mad at me I like am I being rude
am I being mean am i being the the
terrible son who's making you throw away
all of your possessions and memories or
tell me the truth you are ripping my
past from deep within my heart and the
pain is incredible no I don't think
you're being rude I think you're being
practical which is a little tough yeah
it's emotional it is it's very emotional
but you know we've we've got to get rid
of some of this stuff and you know you
have said this on numerous occasions as
we've been doing this it's like ripping
off a band-aid band-aid just do it so
well I'm glad that I'm not forcing you
and that I'm just kind of a catalyst in
in this decision and in doing this
because I it was just you and Mom here I
don't think you would be doing any of it
I think you're right well I am glad that
I could be here I'm glad that Ellie and
I could be here to help you guys with
this this is a fun process it's fun for
me to see all the memories and
everything - so are you gonna like sing
us a song or something no maybe that's
one thing that we'll do while we're here
this week hey guys thank you so much for
watching the vlog today I wanted to let
you know I kind of like this voice-over
stuff you'll probably see something in
the future I've been talking with my mom
and dad about some stuff that we're
gonna be doing and some of them might
include this stuff some different types
of outros throughout the month you'll
see it's kind of cool but thanks so much
for watching the video be sure to hit
yesterday's video last year's video to
see what we were doing one year ago and
you see that big red button at the
bottom be sure to click that if to
subscribe if you guys haven't already
and we'll see you guys tomorrow bye dad
you can say bye to Oh bye
