I'm sitting here getting ready my
eyebrows look pretty really bold don't
they I just heard Jarrett and the other
room and he goes nope ooh you just stink
I was changing his Calvin just ink yeah
I was changing was holding him
downstairs doing his neck stretches and
then he just like ripped when I was like
oh my gosh that's a bad poopy diaper
like I felt it I smelt it so I was like
okay we got to change you open it up and
there's nothing you just start stinky
boy you're just a stinky boy
Jackson has been following grandma
around all day long and now they're in
roll over so they all rolled over and
one fell out
baby do the wheels on the bus again
okay ready Jackson so wheels on the bus
go round and round round and round round
and round the wheels on the bus go round
and round all through the town
doors on the bus go open and close all
rightie it is raining it is pouring in
spokane Jared and his dad why is there a
dumpster in the front yard I see their
goal is to bring the dumpster right here
and then we have a very fun project this
week that we are all working on this
smells amazing
I can smell all of the trees outside you
smell it oh the trees smells good
they are making progress they made it
good job one of the big reasons that we
came to Spokane was to help my mom and
dad D junked their house they have lived
here for thirty years longer than I've
been alive and in that 30 years they
have accumulated a lot of stuff because
of kids and everything and so we're
helping them downsize get rid of a bunch
of stuff and you encounter a lot of
memories when you're doing that and it's
kind of hard to get cut ties to those
memories and let go of those things one
thing in particular is this guy right
here this is a TV that my mom and dad
got me I think for like my 16th birthday
or something like that and I remember
spending so much time in my bedroom with
that TV with the PlayStation 1 and Final
Fantasy 7 and I would play Final Fantasy
7 as long as I could as long as I mom
and dad would let me before they would
get mad and be like Jarrod come
downstairs need dinner with us like a
normal human being or something like
that so it's just bring back so many bad
go to bed you're up too late you're
playing games too late but luckily for
me Square Enix is is answered everyone's
prayers and they're creating a new
version of Final Fantasy 7 so now you
will be the one telling me to go to bed
are you ready I'm ready
are you ready as a question we've made a
lot of progress here but I found this
phone book and I'm gonna see if I can
still do a trick here ready 1 2
I'm booked in half that's pretty cool I
feel strong
that's Ottaway you know Jared and his
parents are just working and slaving
away while Jack Roth Calvin Oh Calvin is
just laying here Susan we need to put
our kids to work more I know they sleep
way too much on the job yeah like we
need some more hands doing this business
you know there just donate in some books
where did your guy go can you show me
show me oh gosh that is baby Jesus show
me your guy oh hey this is Jackson's new
favorite toys of grandmas there guys
cool well we have been down here in the
basement just about all day today and
we've only scratched the surface we have
however filled up the entire dumpster
but I think we'll spend a little bit
more time here we're gonna have the guys
come the only time the guys can come
pick up the dumpsters first thing in the
morning so we might honestly want to
schedule them to come like and write up
you know like noon or something and have
them come again later that night if we
can just to stay on top of things I
think this is gonna be a special time
for us because Jax and I I'm gonna take
him dumpster diving for the very first
time do you want to go dumpster diving
did you find a ball and a guy in the
dumpster and the car where'd your ball
go what are you doing he's dumpster
diving he found a guy in a ball and a
VHS tape he'll there's it literally the
how long did this take us Oh hours
I mean look at all this stuff we've got
to do there's a whole lot of work left
to do Jackson are you ready for tomorrow
so we're going through a bunch of these
books and we're figuring out if we're
gonna toss them or donate them or what
and one of the books we stumbled on was
dad's notebook that he wrote down all of
his notes when he served his church
mission in England I served mine in
Finland dad sort is in England and what
years were you in England a long long
time ago
what was it 1960 no no no no 1940 to
1970 1972 okay I wasn't I say 68 to 70
is what I was gonna say but so we're
looking through this notebook and we
find this one page and I just think it's
absolutely crazy crazy what it says
verify time of appointment with Lord
Thompson 11:00 a.m. so who's Lord
Thompson Lord Thompson a fleet the
publisher of the largest daily newspaper
maybe in all of England but it was in
London mm-hmm and so it was my
responsibility to organize a press
conference for visiting dignitaries and
I had an appointment to go talk to him
yeah so he could help us with the
organisation of that event that's crazy
I think he's still alive no no I'm not
okay I'm sure he was he was an old guy
like me well yeah so he's probably not
that's great is his valet with his
personal assistant mr. Charles mr.
Charles the guy sent me Christmas cards
for like year really wow that is so kind
it's just so fun to go through and one
thing to see my dad's handwriting when
when I was on a mission when you were on
a mission like all of these fun things
it's just cool to look back and see the
drop
look at that dragon that's a finger
smashing a human being
yeah I know what are you doing I can't
remember the last time that I went to
the movies and let alone went to the
movies with my dad I don't think we've
ever gone in the movies just you and me
before I don't think we've ever done
that but Ellie just got the kids to bed
and that's a huge puddle should we jump
in it Ellie just got the kids to bed and
we're just like what you're let's just
go see a movie so we're gonna go see the
movie Creed I'm very excited about it
because there's gonna be a lot of fun
yes well we just wrapped the movie dad
what do you think I thought it was good
I thought it was good to other movies I
want to see I want to take Jackson to
the peanuts movie and to the good
dinosaur and we still needed to see the
Hunger Games and the funny thing is last
time we saw the Hunger Games the part
one but you're here in Washington too so
we have to go see it right because this
is family tradition it's part of
tradition now we've got uphold
traditions what in the world are you
still doing awake
smiley what are you doing are you sure
enough your little binky elephant oh
yeah oh my goodness has even up the
whole time he just keeps waking up a
little stuff yes I'm sure it's bothering
him what a kid he's just he's just like
I know Mom I know dad and grandpa are
gone I'm not gonna I'm gonna wait up for
him that's what I'm gonna do come on
does this little roll call and I love it
mama dad baby grandma grandpa
that well guys I think that is our day
we will see you tomorrow for some more
dumpster baby Hey
say bye-bye
