hey guys it is a beautiful Sunday
evening and I am delivering pie that was
a little rhyme here you go my sweet wife
we are having some pie after dinner it's
kind of late in the evening Jackson is
in bed
Calvin is not going to bed so Mama's
rocking him and well the day was was
pretty good I think the kids are not
feeling all that great accents been
coughing a little bit Calvin has been
having a hard time going to sleep so I
think they're not feeling too well I
spent two hours in that chair rocking
Jackson while he was asleep in my arms
and that was the only way he would sleep
and Ellie was here for how long an hour
there and then she went up to the room
and weighed down with Calvin and and
slept there snows are pretty you know
eventful day we are here at my parents
house having a great time and it is
Sunday so you know what that means it's
time for questions and answers and I
asked you guys on Instagram today to
leave some questions and over 2,600
people asked questions so that's crazy
thank you for submitting all of these
questions we podcast sometimes that
would be cool sort of like that would be
fun
just like talk it all out hello don't
lose your puck been so bad
don't lose your pie so what I'm gonna do
is I'm gonna go through these questions
and we'll answer them and we're gonna
have pie so get your pie ready because
these questions are coming at you right
now
first question from Braley says if Jared
was a girl what would you have named him
or any other names did you have in mind
for him so I think that's more for you
guys actually I think we thought Jared
was a girl we were really surprised when
the doctor said it's a boy I think Emily
is what we were yeah you're right you're
absolutely right we were leaning towards
an Emily yeah but Jared came and the
doctor said he was the most perfect baby
he had ever seen oh wait what can
everything is a most perfect baby he had
ever seen stop it that is what he said
that is that's a direct quote the next
question comes from Kara and she says we
know that Elly's family has a lot of
grandkids on their side how many are on
Jared sighs Ryan and Maria have a girl
named Ann Nate and Megan have a girl
named Maggie melon Gary have Tyler
Hallie Owen and Eva Matt and Emily have
Carter and Drake and they're expecting
another boy soon so congratulations
Ellie and I have Jackson and Calvin and
Jenna Tyson have cannon so that's one
two three four five six seven eight nine
ten eleven and one on the way so eleven
and a half
what did Jared do as a kid to get in
trouble
hmm Jared was a good kid he really was
hardly ever in trouble yeah I don't
remember really ever getting after you
did I join the Wyatt is Jared why is
that Ellie because my parents would say
the same about me
and my dad would say it's because we are
more of the younger siblings and we
learn from experience we just want what
the older older siblings gotten
discipline we were like oh no not you
guys got lazy and didn't want to
disappoint
or whatever you'll survive
captain Elsa that's a funny name asks
who is the most competitive between you
guys the Jimmy yeah I think so
really cuz I think I'm a little bit more
competitive than you are
well I felt I think a lot of it would
depend on the situation in games yes and
other aspects what are their aspects I
can't not see I won that competition so
we actually had a lot of questions that
were asking us like how do you split up
your time between Ellie's family and my
family or do my parents get jealous are
they upset you know those type of things
so I guess you know just to answer a lot
of people's questions what are your
thoughts about it we have always lived
away from family and so I'm not on
purpose yeah not on purpose so we'd miss
family and with you guys living close to
Ellie's family I think it's wonderful I
think it's so neat to see the cousins
know each other and love each other
mm-hmm you know we feel bad that we're
so far away but we certainly are don't
resent Ellie Emily it is important we
want you to have that family experience
we can't be there to give it to you so
we're glad that you're having it yeah
and all of your siblings they all live
far away so it's a totally different
yeah
situation well and we video chat every
single week and I probably call you guys
at least five times a day we spend as
much time with my parents as we can you
know video chatting and everything and
we come to Spokane as often as we can
I'm sure we want to do it more and sure
we'd like to be with you guys more but
just you know space and everything but I
don't think there's any resentment or
you know real big jealousy or anything
it's it's just we're all family that's
kind of how I feel like we're all family
like you guys are friends with Ellie's
family and parent
so it's just you know it's it's good for
everyone I think mom and dad Meachem how
did you guys meet and what's the secret
to a lasting marriage in your opinion
Tammy asks that oh my goodness we could
talk for hours how did we meet we met at
school I was his ex-fiancee his roommate
yeah we did yeah so but we dated two and
a half years and then got married give
more than you expected take yeah I think
compromise being being willing to to be
selfless which I think your mom is a
perfect example of that I think and you
have to realize some minutes of a day
you might not like thats best that you
always love them and you just you just
say mom doesn't like that very much
sometimes but she always loved that's
just part of me an imperfect human being
yeah you have disagreements
so which minutes of the day I think
dad's gonna be rubbing mom's feet sunny
says do you guys plan on creating any
new traditions in the new house if so
which is the first and the first thing I
do is I'm gonna make chocolate chip
cookies in my kitchen well but as far as
traditions I haven't thought about it
well and that's we are thinking about
that as we were getting the questions
ready and we're like well what
traditions you know do we have we have a
few Christmas traditions like all the
kids will sleep in the basement as
they're getting ready for Santa and
stuff but do you see these two walls
over here so I try and do it yeah one
thing we would do as kids is we would
you know put our hands and feet up here
I might be too big to do this now
well I don't wake up Jackson kind of
nervous you're gonna wake up your son
you did it barefooted but we would I
think all the kids would do that in the
house climb up as a kid who hasn't done
that because if you I think as a kid you
just did that that was just the rule as
a kid as you if you had two walls that
were close together you did that stuff
right if you haven't done it go try it
right now and be a kid again right and
don't tell your parents that we need to
tell you you guys down in the basement
you take the plunger and stick it up oh
yeah
Kayla Rose says name one thing you are
picky or OCD about and I think Dad said
let's all switch it around so I'm gonna
say one for you okay Jared is extremely
picky with all of his electronics yeah
Ellie is picky about the cleanliness of
the house that's something that I'm
trying to work on is you know picking up
as I go but Jared take your shoes off
put the clothes inside the hamper don't
let them hang over you know those type
of things she's very picky about the
tidiness and the cleanliness of the
house dad is very picky about his
guitars mm-hmm so no one can touch his
guitars
no one can breathe if you walk close to
his guitars what are you doing what are
you doing by my guitar he slowly walked
over grab the guitars in his defense
they're really nice guitars they are
they are mom is picky about her flower
garden so in the springtime she is
always running to the store to buy this
flower that other flower some other
garden things I like to have nice garden
do you have something you want to say
buddy huh I just you did and now he's
dog doesn't hurt anymore
so good you means that I well that's all
the questions that we have for today so
thank you guys so much for submitting
those questions on Instagram
if you are not following us on Instagram
be sure to do that we'll have links to
all of our stuff down below all of our
social media networks that you we want
you to follow us will they'll be down
there so make sure you're following us
especially me because Ellie's beating me
in like a tree so I am glad that we're
doing this on Sunday so thank you guys
for watching and participating and we'll
see you tomorrow we're gonna have a
great week I'll see ya tomorrow bye
