do you like it or his baby Jesus let me
see oh you put him in the manger how fun
is that Jackson has been playing with
this little manger all day today we got
it for him I don't know if it's new or
just maybe it came out last year
something but Bonnie's kids love it
Jackson loves it so we got it this year
for him to play kind of around Christmas
time was a sheep se
all right I just put a bunch of the
final touches on the vlog and it is
ready to go for you guys but you guys
already know that you've already seen it
are you excited to see the vlog baby
Jesus he's excited about baby Jesus I've
got to get ready because we've got a big
day we've got all of our stuff packed up
for a little trip to go visit some
family and uh yeah gotta get in the
shower cuz I stink oh yeah that reminded
me I wanted to try my new getting ready
technology ready one two three
all right much better I like this a lot
better than the first one okay so I've
got all my toiletries right here that I
need to get backed up I've got my spray
wax I've got my Cologne my deodorant my
contacts toothpaste toothbrush broken
glasses contact solution razors shaving
cream everything I need to put inside
this bag all right not too shabby
I am pretty proud of myself that is
packed to the brim now tell you what if
we had any more kids or for you were
staying any longer we need a bigger
vehicle like a mini van or truck or a
suburban or something like that
what are we kids what are we kids what I
like is hey we already had to go back to
the house once because I forgot
something
and I'm so frustrated and Jared like
it's okay we got time we'll come back we
got nothing but time but if it were
switched and Jared had to go back to the
house
I'd been like really do we have to let's
just do without let's just get it when
we get to Washington it doesn't matter
so you are the most patient husband in
the world most patient husband in the
world
it's and I am NOT the most impatient
person but I am NOT patient I don't want
to doubt myself I don't want a dog
myself too bad you could dog yourself
but just a little the worst but I I
would have been like all viral hey our
trip begins right now
wait for it wait for it we're almost
there
that's my name that's me
we're here in Salt Lake City and I'm
just getting my presentation ready to go
I've got everything set here that I need
oh shoot this cat cables in the wrong
spot let me just just I'm not gonna just
I'm just kidding guys it's a joke
I'm gonna mess around with that stuff
we've got all the youtubers here at this
film making industry day is that what it
is
what can equally have more people on the
panel yeah in an audience yeah yeah
that's that's kind of funny so we've got
Michelle Pearson we've got Anthony we've
got Dave Roberts we've got general and
the emcee the man of the hour Chad and
so we're gonna do just a quick panel and
answer some questions about YouTube and
that's the story of when my son had a
blowout at the Cheesecake Factory and
then you guys can all laugh and
everything
we just wrapped up the amazing panel and
now we're in this room and with the lone
chair and no one's sitting in there
Ellie you should fill me in the lone
chair oh wow
good thing you did your eyebrows this
morning smile that looks great that
looks great you guys are troopers were
fed up with them so jared isn't the only
one that's getting to sit in the hot
seat I am there they actually wanted me
to as well so look okay so I came
perfect timing which the park with the
kids is like perfect
okay you got your Kong yeah you got your
wallet
you got any babies we got the camera we
didn't even tell them last time I lost
my phone but like was it
I can reform no I can't remove last time
somewhere and then a few days later
that's when we were due for upgrades so
we got the gun from Simon crazy yeah not
funny
Oh terrible yeah okay we got all the
stuff we need we're gonna go hop an
airplane Ellie we're hitting the jackpot
today there is not even a line at
security holy cow this is like smooth
sailing forth I love flying late at
night okay push it down and all that
good yeah should we put it right over
here okay you push it
but a good helper OOP fauna gonna be
like that is that fun yeah hey you guys
didn't know Calvin is a youtuber
youtuber straight up through and through
that's a mumble I excited I am stoked
don't know why right now like I'm more
excited about this swipe and any other
one are we thinkin yeah it's just it's
just fun yeah and we're gonna go see my
mom and Bay in Spokane Washington that's
what we're gonna do it's coming off I'm
just really excited I'm excited to be
with my parents
we're early we're enjoying ourselves
here at the airport never thought the
art form could be so much fun
these reports is be
terrible to keep going oh yeah baby oh
yeah mama where's up we made it to
Spokane and there's no one here we
finally made it here here the kids did
so awesome on the plane Calvin slept the
entire time
Jackson slept probably 80% of the time
and then cried the rest
I think his ears were bothering him a
little bit but honestly all stuff yeah
the the kids just did awesome and we're
gonna go see grandma grandpa you excited
you excited he said yeah are you excited
yeah
he says Cody Cody hey good to see you
see you well Jackson hey hey say hi to
Grandpa
where's grandma ha ha ha
where's grandma that's so cute I want
grandma home sweet home Jackson we made
it
and guess who you're sitting next to
Jesus says grandma you say hi to Grandma
he's looking at the pictures like okay
where's grandma and these pictures again
oh my goodness it feels good ah to be
here oh it's good to have you here good
to be with you guys it we're excited
we're gonna have a lot of fun this week
yes we are dude well I think this will
be the first of many nights where we're
all just sitting on the couch the most
comfortable couch ever and just talk
and maybe occasionally this guy will
come and visit too and it's late at
night that's your bedtime because you
suffer from FOMO
which means fear of missing out you just
have major FOMO hum buddy yeah well we
are so excited to be here in Spokane
with my parents we have a lot of fun
stuff that we're gonna do this week and
I'm very very excited so thank you guys
so much for watching be sure to give the
video a big thumbs up and if you guys
haven't already be sure to subscribe and
we'll see you guys next time bye
