pattycake pattycake Baker's man bake me
a cake as much as you can roll it in her
head mark it with a J throw it in the
oven for Jackson and me
you
okay hey don't go to the store with me
okay look what I found for your little
head
beanie this is the smallest one I've
ever seen I just walked past the little
tiny gloves it'll fit perfect for
Jackson and I saw this little tiny
painting perfect you should be the
commercial you are so guilt who bonkers
you just fell right back onto Calvin
didn't you I was going to say you know
Ellie it's not too often that we have a
double whammy a double whammy Calvin and
Jackson both were asleep at the same
time for at least 30 minutes that's a
double whammy in my opinion look at that
Oh falling backwards look he's doing it
don't mean it look at you little boy
yeah hey you be careful look at that
yeah to infinity and beyond look that
was so good I was like two minutes or 30
seconds or something like that oh my
goodness I've been cooped up in the
office all day today I've been working
on a bunch of really great stuff and
it's been it's been fun but I'm ready to
get out with these boys and we're going
to do something very fun today aren't we
Jackson say yeah don't say anything at
all one of the things that Jackson's
been doing that has been making me laugh
because he's been yelling down the
stairs he goes daddy
uh-oh and then he wants candy yours
daddy I'm like yeah he goes baby mama
daddy daddy mama baby he just yells
doesn't stare he's like oh I know you're
down there so I'm just gonna yell daddy
he has tears oh we're gonna go see you
Cody right now it's okay don't go see
Cody let's go do it
okay we'll go drive to wiggle worm all
right guys you know where we are we're
at wiggle worm yeah do you know what
we're gonna do guess what we are gonna
go meet Santa Claus yeah what that's
what you guys are saying what we meet
Santa Claus get excited yay yay we're
gonna go meet Santa Claus say yeah let's
go meet Santa Claus guys this is fun
we're gonna play and meet Santa Claus
come on Jackson hold my hand
crash whoa say whoa
Cody Jackson do you see who that is you
say Santa I think I know what Jackson's
gonna ask Santa do you know what oh
you're gonna have to go JAXA for rocks
do you want rocks for Christmas
Christmas Eve and joy he loves rock I
bet that squeeze can ask when I could
ask little guys wait wait they get asked
for breast milk
cuz that's your favorite I think this is
so fun if you care of Jacksonville's
cousins and this is such a cute backdrop
I cannot wait
Santa is giving you a treat do you want
to get a treat from Santa okay let's go
do it
you don't mean Santa whoa oh hi yeah we
don't know is there anything stranger
it's not
would you like to marry from Santa yeah
we're getting sit down let me take your
picture all right
mom dad sit down here with him okay well
I want to sit on your lap Santa
well right here well to our whole Calvin
album to be great to hold oh hello
Calvin
sometimes I do pretty good with
Padilla's ones look look census will be
doing yeah gimme oh that's a broken
candy there we go here let's sit you
right here my goodness you're right here
and I'll sit my daddy he does not want
to sit there Oh Calvin crying oh he
doesn't know how to do it Oh was it like
Oh much better now that's cute
you're okay look save oh cool cool oh
look at ya there is a smile there's a
smile Ambani's kids are seeing Santa and
Jackson were Calvin Calvin cried I was I
said to him to cry all but in his
defense I think he might be a little
hungry but I don't know he seems just
happy now and to carry Zoe oh it's so
nice to meet you guys
um it was so nice to me I've already met
you before the old Navy and what was
your name again Willie Jordan and this
is brother and sisters
it's really nice to meet you guys as
well for a walk
the charity help so 60 frames per second
you can see it's just like the motion is
just a way better but 30 frames per
second is a lot more natural for your
eyes to see that's what we're used to 24
frames per second like cinema that's
what you've seen the movies you grow
from Ogden
thank you like 45 miles away pretty
gonna get a lot of people here and so to
me only way whichever you want
I'm our sweet friend if you are hi came
today just one word is hold on we go to
too many people
what the heck we had a wonderful over
here
Romney is cookie I mean even in a bit
you just ate it all yourself it was
amazing Olivia's like Jackson's on
Santa's lap yeah oh my god Oh Thank You
Santa yeah yeah yeah
that is funny I was so crazy be so so
not it doesn't know yet keep God waiting
your move oh hey keep shaving great
shave it off shave my face Oh Ali ready
just like this hey you did the razor bug
is gonna kill me okay
tomorrow is a very exciting day for a
few different reasons I am going to be
speaking for the Utah Film Commission
they invited me to speak out one of
their conferences that they have
tomorrow in Salt Lake City so I am
packing up the whole entire family we're
gonna go to that but not only just that
we're also packing up some suitcases
we're gonna go somewhere we are gonna go
visit some family so I am very excited
it is great but one thing is interesting
traveling with kids is so much different
than traveling by yourself
really yeah well yeah I mean it's like
there's a lot of things that you are
like oh crap what about this oh shoot
what about that and I'm just like always
like okay we've got all of these diapers
here how are we gonna pack them in I'm
like do we buy diapers there or do we
buy you know pack diapers there's lots
of different variables one thing that's
really interesting to me and I'm not
even joking
I like watching on YouTube how people
pack their suitcases
do you feel it yeah because there's so
many different ways and I'm just like I
love to be efficient with space and I'm
not very good at it so if you guys know
of any like really good ways to pack
your suitcase let me know everything is
packed up and my belly and Jer shirt
caught left out I need a pack a sec
where um it is time to close the vlog
and say goodbye and I should stop
talking so I get my voice back don't
lose it again it's hard to find oh okay
we will see you guys tomorrow bye
