good morning guys it's a beautiful day
Ellie just got back from the dentist and
I am sitting here working on the vlog
and the export is failing miserably I
have been sitting here for about an hour
trying to get the vlog to export and it
just won't do it
whatsoever everything I try I try
different formats so I just restarted
the computer I really have not this has
never ever happened to me it's a pop-up
that I've never seen before first off
let me just say thanks for your patience
guys we we never really said we upload
every day at 11 a.m. but we try our best
to do that we like to have a schedule
because I like the routine of it but I
get infuriated when I can't upload hat
in the right time it really makes me
upset so I'm like trying my hardest
thank you guys for your patience like
that's one of the coolest things about
you guys is that every time I post on
Twitter or snapchat like hey guys I'm
having trouble whether it's Internet or
whether it's the computer you guys are
so good to just be like it's no big deal
like don't sweat it Jared come on man
just take it easy
I first off it's crazy that it even
happened secondly what's even crazier is
that I figured out exactly why just by
trial and error like I did everything
that you normally would do I restarted
the computer reinstalled the soft right
and everything so here's the thing let
me show you this on the limit let's zoom
in on the computer here so here's the
FlowRider montage that we did yesterday
if you look real close you'll see that
black frame right there if you're
watching it you can barely see it so if
I play the video
just just a barely a little flash for
some reason Final Cut Pro did not like
that and there was probably like six of
them in the FlowRider footage I deleted
those six individual frames and then it
worked huh okay now you guys can watch
yesterday's vlog which you probably
already have where'd you go
no seriously Jackson oh my gosh I mean
he knows you shouldn't be in their home
i han't
gank so I put the kids in their room
come on this could play the rocks I put
the kids in their room just to kind of
like be quiet
I just kind of sat here and was going
through all her clothes cleaning
something and Jackson has seriously been
putting his rocks in his bookbag taking
him out he's been reading bugs Calvin hi
hi he has been such a good boy he's been
I've just been sitting here watching him
he'll go to his pinky he'll go to his
toy anything he wants he can now go go
to like he may not crawl but he pushes
himself up like look drop this Cal ah
dess like he will make himself go get it
it is just crazy how big he's getting
how much he's grown you're on your knees
kid oh my baby's growing up seriously I
love my kids like everyone loves their
kids but I just I am in awe every day I
just I enjoy being around them they make
me laugh
sometimes you make me scream but Calvin
has been doing so well I'm so proud of
him on how well he's eating and sleeping
and just growing up I'm so proud of him
this is the little rock pile that he
made he was sitting here for a few
minutes doing them you think you're
pretty sly that's a rock in his pants
take it out or shove it in Jackson or
Devon smaller that'll fit well you're
not really gonna like it after he poops
he's gonna stink my goodness the
beginning of the month is kind of
stressful for me sometimes but luckily I
have my sweet wife who is my rock my guy
my steak foundation I get sometimes I
get stressed with like bills with budget
and everything like that but Ellie loves
doing that kind of stuff she gets so
excited she's like okay we get to do the
budget and it kind of stresses me out
sometime when there's so many things
that we need to do and I don't have a
list to like check off and everything
Ellie's so good about the organization
that just makes it so much easier so
thank you for being awesome now that all
of that stuff is done because it's
beginning of the month all those things
are done now we can go and have a little
fun
shall we go have some fun Jackson do you
want to go have some fun let's do it say
let's go
yeah I hear the music is someone playing
in the tabernacle or is that just like I
don't know things I was in the organ in
the tabernacle saying the organ
he sees the horse he peeks the Nativity
as though
ready let's go
ready yep I got it yeah
I thought it would be fun to walk down
Main Street because they have a huge toy
store that opened or tha's there and
Jake I decided let's go to the Bluebird
it is the cutest place if we were to go
to the Bluebird and then we're gonna
walk down Main Street
Jackson checks it draws him Coco what
yeah wait Jackson careful
hmm so yeah so you know I went to the
fridge and I opened up the leak drawer
you know what the meat drawer is right
yes I have a great idea
should we get a treat for mommy should
we get treated for you for me for Cody
for Boston for Olivia for Anne Bonny for
Uncle Joe yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah I took that out I thought I I think
sometimes Ellie is embarrassed to dance
with I just told you I think you're
embarrassed to dance with me in general
let alone in public I humours dancing
joy here the camera and I said oh yeah a
filmer watch I was like dance with me
you're like no I don't wanna dance with
you I'm like any time I hear this kind
of music that's just soft piano enjoy
but do you want you to film it but part
just dance mind it Mouse wanted it
I'll just died on ground rude he's
running away but we're dancing and
that's just fine
as the night grows on I feel like this
main street is just beautiful all these
lights and stuff a lot of I did to enjoy
this was fine morning was crazy crazy
busy this was worth it it was just like
I just love being with you cold and
crisp that's why we just cuddle oh I see
Calvin's eyeballs hi hi buddy he is like
bundled to the brim say 1 2 3 say 1 2 3
you're skipping - 1 2 3
you skipped all the 3 that good that's
good that's good
why is that
evil voice my favorite say that's good
say mama
say Dada Dada eat say grandma say
grandpa say Cody
curry say Calvin say Olivia say Boston
hey Cody
say Emma say daddy say poopoo say 1 3
right there
oh he always finds it backs himself up
right there that's his body but I just
got all the kids jammies they're getting
ready for bed
Jackson is getting his last he's getting
his last Wiggles in and then we are
putting them to bed
Jared I haven't talked a lot about RPO
box or a lot about letters or packages
that have been sent because we don't
want to necessarily say it and then how
people think that they should or send us
anything we don't know what it's for I
said we kind of stopped talking about it
um but we get your letters we get your
packages and we read every single letter
and we're so grateful for the
communication we get your Christmas
cards we love it and I think especially
lately I I appreciate all of the talent
and the handmade crafts that people are
able to make and you know just for
instance all of Calvin's bid somebody
made all of these um and just now this
is so unbelievable like these are made
this was made by a sweet here yeah Mike
look at the talent in this there is so
much talent seriously I just the stuffed
animals a lot of their animals you guys
have made I think it would be kind of
fun and I'm gonna do it right now so
make sure you're following me on
snapchat because right now we're gonna
start this I think every Monday we're
gonna do like a male snapchat story so
Monday male time on snapchat but it's
gonna be for Thursday today but and I
think that would be fun that way people
will know that we got the stuff thank
you yeah thank you
honestly you guys you guys are too
generous so we may thank you the talent
is just amazing go ahead and thank you
guys so much for watching and we'll see
you tomorrow a lot of fun things
happening this weekend Justin can you
say bye thank you bye again
Thanks
