good morning guys I do not think that I
should ever be able to say I'm so tired
Calvin didn't sleep because when he does
sleep I don't take advantage of it he
did so good last night he did so good
last night and it was 11 o'clock and I
was like you know what this is I put
this all on myself
Ellie should have went to bed
this morning um I got both my boys in
the kitchen I cut both their hair
Jackson boggle for me spin around turn
around oh look how good that leg Oh
handsome okay now look at me and show me
your teeth smile cheese and that's your
hand
Jared um we cut his hair today as well
looks good it looks a little spike ish
spikey looks good
Jared wasn't feeling very well this
morning I do not my stomach is I have
what is wrong with our system me and my
tumbly is what I have Ellie it's a
rumbly in my car oh there's tons of hair
in here
holy cow my stomach is doing something
fierce to me right now le oh my stomach
is not happy with the things that I have
done to it and I have done some bad
things apparently because it is there's
a rumbly in my tumbly you're like you're
like flaring your nostrils right now so
I appreciate you driving for me Oh
Landon and Julie only have a couple days
left in town and so we are getting
together you know as many times as we
can today we have something very very
fun planned and I'm hoping more than
anything that my stomach will forgive me
in time to do this very fun thing
because it is very fun you've always
wanted to go and I've always wanted to
do this this is something that I've
always wanted to do I wanted well I
think you should are you guys are you
girls gonna come it's just gonna be us
gentlemen okay we're on our way to
Grandma and Grandpa's house and the men
are gonna go do something fun very
excited to see are you excited to see
Emma excited to see Emmy
he woke up in the car and said Emma and
I can't give him yes oh he touched came
gathered all of our family around
everybody we're like come down watch us
on TV um they are going to be on the
local news they are doing a little
special on right four minutes they're
gonna do a special on us about like
Christmas
okay so I hope it's on hit 12 days of
Christmas and we are on day two and
second is the first is the worst second
is the best third is the one with the
hairy chest
I'm sorry Lindsey Stirling well looks
like our little new segment was
interrupted by an active shooting
situation in our segment a little bit
later tonight while the boys go on play
we are all going to lunch
and Bonnie okay cuties while bonnie has
never ever been to Zubaz and i'm like
why have you never been there i used to
work there it is fresh always fresh so
yummy their soups are delicious so we
are going to Zubaz for lunch and then
we're going home and watching the
nursery where babies we put all our
toddlers down to bed mom's mom has been
sweet all weekend
yes all of our kids yes all the sisters
are all alike we all got mango berry
salad and Julie and I got and it was
constant cauliflower and tomato basil
mix soup Bonnie buy different suit
quinoa quinoa and I am very very
excited but very disappointed they
always have chocolate covered
strawberries they ran out of
strawberries so it's a chocolate-covered
Oreo well some of us sisters are
together but what's really fun is when
you see a table of a mom and all of this
well we have dispersed we have left the
ladies and the children land and Joel
and I just counted some lunch
see this play it's gone gone years ago
nobody had a glass eating competition so
they ate all of our plates and they're
gone not many cups like we'd have but we
are on our way we're gonna go do
something amazing something I've never
done before ever done we're gonna go
work outs where does it calm like so
it's Flo Rida but what is the indoors
like the indoor surfing indoor surfing
indoors now gets up on his feet and his
knee is a rocks back up for one of these
times I'll do it yep looked like that if
you got a guy you totally got on his
feet
mom he's on his toes we're here we made
it we're at the FlowRider I think we're
missing something very important blow
yeah we're where's the flow
you could probably do this yeah I think
we might need like rollerblades or
something
should we cue the epic music do the epic
music
that was awesome that was so much fun if
you guys have a flow writer near you
it's worth it it's crazy
Landon is a beast joel has the balance
of both Mongoose and I'm okay
that was that was so much fun I really
hope that the GoPro footage turns out a
beautiful temple right there that's
where Ellie and I got married that
template right there I guess my hair is
crazy I haven't even looked at it
everyone's been laughing at me but I
don't do this a lot and I'm kind of
excited about it
I'm gonna go I'm gonna go window
shopping for something no because
there's not there's just not a lot of
things that I want to want and you know
you know I'm I'm pretty content I think
would you say that a little higher
well I'm going window shopping and I was
just exciting like a whether or not for
what I you know it's not even something
to I and I don't think I'm gonna get but
I'm just like this is the this is the
fun part for me like we're gonna go look
at electric guitars you know yes I just
think that's so fun jared has a has one
but it's very cold and he was like a
cheap or upgraded one it's kind of a
cheap one but I would love a really nice
guitar and a really nice and I have
really really great acoustic guitar but
I would love a really great electric
guitar and then my brothers will finally
respect me and that's that's just a joke
that's kind of a hotrod Club but that
culture because you do you know what
heaven feels like this is what heaven
feels like do you agree
is this what heaven feels like oh my
gosh oh just dream in more bring
something over
I would love that
I don't even know why I'm losing my
voice I didn't even have a sore throat
I'm losing my voice I'm gonna go ahead
and end the vlog for the day Jaron is
whiteout he hasn't been feeling well
today but he has had fun and we would
spend the night but in the morning I
have a dentist appointment they're gonna
check out my is a line how I rotten
teeth and we'll see you guys tomorrow
