say more yeah look at me Jackson look at
me and smile cheese
good morning guys it is the first day of
December Oh doesn't have January can you
believe that it's the very end of the
year it's Christmas time can you feel
the spirit I feel the spirit of
Christmas mostly because we've got those
Christmas trees
you think it's dice that's so funny
guys if you are new to our channel this
is my wife Ellie my name is Jared this
is Calvin and what's your name you want
a cracker and that's Jackson we film a
video every single day documenting our
fun adventures the cool things that we
do with our family every single day so
if you guys want to find out more if
you're interested be sure to hit that
subscribe button and live through the
adventure that we call life are you
ready to rock and roll Jackson say yeah
so we are here at Sportsman's Warehouse
we're just doing a little Christmas
shopping I'm not gonna say for who
because they might know exactly what
we're getting and I seem to have lost
Jackson he seems to adjust us Oh Jackson
how'd you get up there running our
errands is just not the same we have to
go check out those bikes because Jackson
loved it so much last time Jer your goal
is to go find the bike for him we
weren't very successful the first time
but we're gonna give it another shot all
right guys
yeah glide son glide watch over the mic
it feels like you're running an
incredible rate Jackson where'd you
think buddy like that you're you're
pretty good at Alli you're closing your
eyes can't spin
hey Kate it came I think it finally came
those shirts they finally finally came
le you're already where we go look at
that ugly sweaters yeah let's take a
look my brother put out some shirts did
ya
alright guys did you miss me I like that
oh that's soft ooh wait where's my where
it is there only one shirt in there no
there should be two shirts in here I
think you've got one too Ellie thought I
ordered a red one okay cool okay
seek a swag I love Santa
come on turn it off
he loves it hey should we play just dad
huh what did you dream or just play it
either way I think that'd be fun that
might be really fun it's been a long
time since we played just ABS no no I
can't off the e about me you would think
building our house I'd be like oh my
gosh I really have no I keep thinking
about and then learn and a half going to
Finland I honestly I just like sitting
here just like please go faster please
go faster please go for want to could
you just let be seen I don't want to go
but baby Superman do you did you just
say you want gum I thought I gave you a
piece where did it go
did you swallow it did you spit it out
is all you know how to say is yeah no
say yeah say yeah do you want to dance
say yeah all right let's do it let's
dance
wait not just you or me I don't know
we're doing it though I know this guy's
good
thank you just dance oh my gosh
Oh
you can die you can room well we
certainly got our work out didn't we
Ellie I am danced out I am a dancing
fool no I'm not
he loves you he's like all about that
bass okay thank you guys for all of you
who tuned in to the stream everyone is
saying hello hello hi guys how's it
going oh my gosh you guys are awesome
okay we're gonna get cleaned up and
we're gonna turn it down
we're gonna turn it down low and we're
gonna talk have some hot chocolate bring
a story wind down peace serenity
enjoyment family okay are you guys ready
to do this here we go in three two one
we're all in our pajamas and we have
some fun activities planned we are gonna
make some nice hot chocolate and we're
gonna read a bedtime story in front of
the Christmas tree
okay Jackson to Calvin we are going to
read a story about the true meaning of
Christmas okay do you want to read a
story let's do it
just what is Christmas anyway why do we
celebrate why is December of 25th a very
special date is it about the Christmas
tree with all the twinkling lights is it
about the Christmas cards the ones my
mommy writes is it about the mistletoe
where mom and daddy kiss is it about the
Christmas play the one we never miss
it's Christmas about Christmas gifts I
love them very much it's Christmas about
Santa Claus his beard is fun to touch no
that's not what Christmas is about all
of these things are really nice and
SuperDuper fun but Christmas is much
more than that it's all about God's Son
God sent His Son Jesus Christ from
heaven up above he came to earth to save
the world God's greatest gift of love so
Christmas is Christ's birthday the day
he came to earth forever we will
celebrate his very special birth baby
Jesus Oh give me kids
guys Christmas is a very special time
for us it's a time where we celebrate
with family and friends we exchange
gifts and we get lots of hugs from our
family members what but it's also a time
where we celebrate the true meaning of
Christmas and that's the birth of Jesus
Christ last year we had the awesome
opportunity to work on the world's
largest nativity scene and this year
we're working on something very similar
we're working with the Church of Jesus
Christ of latter-day saints and they
actually just put out a video that is
very important to us and we'd love for
you to see it I'm gonna have a link down
below and also in the end slate it's a
video that definitely celebrates the
true meaning of Christmas the birth of
Jesus Christ and I want you to give it
the same respect as much as it does mean
to us because it does mean a lot to us
so thank you guys so much for watching
the video today we hope you have a
wonderful day and a wonderful holiday
season see ya thanks
watching bye-bye
you
