do you want to know one of my favorite
things is not that Jackson takes
covering species
don't yell is that he is that he will
grab his blanket and wrap it around to
himself let me see her blanket he takes
it any wraps that are wrapped like I
love that he thinks it's cozy and cuddly
and warm and he does like eat all by
himself
rikiya is his Calvin's and you took it I
love it it sounds like you do I know
oh what a beautiful day oh what a
beautiful wife oh what a beautiful cloud
Wow look at that that's actually like
beautiful you are driving Ellie is
driving today because I have a lot of
work to do in the car I've got my laptop
I've got to do it yeah yeah as soon as I
pull out the camera you got excited like
yeah yeah you like the camera don't cry
in Kody for the last 20 minutes we're
gonna go see grandma and grandpa and
Cooper and Emma and uncle Raven and and
Julie and it's gonna be a lot of fun
okay we're got a lot of fun so I've got
a lot of work to do
Ellie is driving for me and you know
what I should probably put the camera
down and do what we just agreed upon you
drive and I work so I just want to show
you the beautiful scenery that we have
here in Utah this is stinking gorgeous
with an ing
stinking the stinking gorgeous kind of
like your sister girl Angie I get that
stinky stinking pretend you're asleep oh
yeah
hi guys hey everyone we just got to
Grandma's house and grandma said oh let
me just take Jackson I'll watch him you
and Jared go into town and just enjoy
yourself you know that's what we're
doing it's been such a long time that
we've been able to just get away just us
too well in Calvin but you know this is
nice I don't I don't think we I don't
think we have enough moments of these
you know I don't think we have enough
moments why not well it's fun being with
him so like for a second to be trick you
for a second did you just so we thought
yeah trick me trick get would but Julie
and I did go on a date once and you guys
did hold hands I told you to sit in the
front because her stomach kind of hurts
anywhere I was like or just send the
frown just send the back well now
because it's tradition the oldest always
Taraka and the one you're on the date
with Julie and I the kids are not with
us we are heading into some flora we are
going to go buy a few makeup and face
wash items that we need and something
and then Julie and I actually have use
quite a bit
it's an app it's a free app it is retail
there was a card
it is a RetailMeNot it is a really cool
app that you can get up to 60% ah you
can get free shipping on a lot of stores
like Sephora Old Navy Express thanks Joe
yesterday on the app I saw a new meal on
I already have a new me wand but they
are they were like twenty dollars and a
lot of new me wants our start off at
like a hundred dollars or more
it's kind of funny Jared now we're
getting a kick out of it last night I'm
him and the RetailMeNot were even
tweeting a little bit last night and
that was kind of fun but the app is free
if you want to download it or check it
out I'll have it down in our description
below Julie and I are heading off into
Sephora and I think we get like $10 off
if we spend like $75 or more so you can
resend it but thank you it's kind of fun
because we need to pick up a few things
so we're gonna go get a little bit of
discount using that I am dying over your
comments on this picture that Jared
posted and even better on Twitter
although he put together I said the
sloth face with with this creepy face
from the thumbnail I want you to do I
want
I'll put let's see I'll put a link to
like an imager video I want you guys the
caption that and send me the best ones
and I'll retweet the best ones that I
find gay capture not we but right now
we're going to Best Buy because I'm in
idiot I'm just the biggest so if you
guys remember when I was sitting in
Ellie's spot right now doing it like oh
yeah I'm doing work because I'm so busy
well my laptop died and I forgot the
charger cuz I'm an idiot so I have to go
to Best Buy and see what I can do there
but mom gave mom gave the best idea she
goes just get a charger but leave it at
my house because there's been more than
one times that we've come to Mom's house
cuz it's in between spots to Salt Lake
when we normally go to Salt Lake for
work and stuff
we're gonna get one you'll get one and
leave it in Mom's well Jared runs into
best sight we will do a little mini haul
we got things that we normally need of
Julie and I both we use the same face
wash and face lotion
I keep trying new things and I always
always always go back to my original
that I've had for five years we always
get the she's a doe face wash and lotion
but Julie and I got a goodie we both got
a goodie Julie got the best good really
good Duty I'm not good you did you get
it's a new cloth on your brown I've
never fired a I think I've heard of it
but I've never tried it never wanted to
whatever the brand bite do they have a
whole ton of like lip product because
he's always in Sephora trying new brands
of everything and she's never heard of
this but they said that they really
liked it there Sephora and we test it on
our hands I instagrammed a picture and
it is so the moisturizing pigmented and
Julie I got this huge kit it has like a
lip gloss lipstick a red lipstick it's
like what are these thick ones maybe
just boxes or something it's really cool
and I just got this little mini one it's
cute though it's just a dual sided it's
kind of like nude is what it is but that
is our little mini haul ready one okay
hold on tight hold on tight hold on
tight one two oh hold on tight you silly
what you three one two three
hey got fun yeah
banana close your eyes close your eyes
close your eyes close your eyes close
your eyes close your eyes ready
right well Julie not only made us all
dinner tonight but she also made
chocolate chip cookies these cut neck
and neck with Missy lanning's her
chocolate chip cookies are so good
Julie that looks amazing well she made
these young enchiladas ooh
we'll see if these kids even appreciate
it then eat it
are you gonna eat your food oh good
current mood nice I just like Bobby's
just like is he's lounging he's just
like milk drunk this is milk drunk right
here right
just like Sutter hashtag I never nap so
I am exhausted I crashes seven for 20
minutes and this guy was waving to me
earlier were you waving your hand you
were yeah yeah there you go
that's like the most adorable thing
every year how cute you're so cute we
are sitting here as a family talking and
Julie and I and Landon adjured have
actually talked about this a lot and a
lot of people have asked are you ever
going to come to Finland are you good
ever comes to you and we're always like
yeah we will but realistically how are
we gonna go and we have babies or hurry
to go we're pregnant or how are we gonna
go
how are we gonna do it in the past few
days largely it has been here we have
talked about let's go when our babies
are old enough to leave for a little bit
and let's go on a trip we'll save our
money we'll be able to save our money
between now and when our babies are old
enough to leave and Julie Landon and
Jared and I are all gonna go to Finland
our goal is in two years or within two
years how cool would it be to go to
Finland like cuz that's where those two
men so many stories they're like how
would you like to go walk through the
city of Turku go to the - Oh mio Kyoto
and like like do all of this stuff that
we did every single day
Landon's let me see that come over here
show
Landen brought this home from finland
there just quick cool things I wouldn't
wanna entertain but if we did there's an
ice castle there cool so if anyone has
any like connections to Finland because
in two years we're gonna need a place to
stay and we will definitely have a
meet-up all of us but that's our goal
julian i we're sending it so that we can
so within two years and then we'll get
pregnant on that trip i that way that
way it'll probably be time to have
another baby in two years i think we
should do finland mostly but we should
do a big like european trip we should do
sweden we should oh yeah her mini we
should do england all of that stuff
don't you think what do you guys think
do we do that yeah we've been watching
for three days mom and dad and your
parents your though yeah like Germans
yeah this is why you'd have grandparents
right guys yeah I would love to meet all
of those people like oh look the people
that yeah and all of you guys so many
people have been like we live here that
would be something alone well I think
that is the vlog for the day it has been
fun being with family but we are going
to go ahead and say goodbye cos we have
a long drive home so thanks so much for
watching see you tomorrow bye wait a
minute my eyebrows are why are you
looking at my eyebrows like
we're even maybe thinking not even two
years but two years is the max I'm just
like when does the soonest we can do
this that's why I know you're gonna have
I think okay and a half I'd be year and
a half to get Calvin to speak seriously
he'll be two tubes is kind of like Oh
year and a half okay okay can you do
that oh yeah we'll see I'm gonna print
this picture out this isn't two summers
we're gonna have a little we're gonna
make it building our house I want to
jump in this I want to go in the sauna
jump in the lake Niko's
