I'm gonna do you guys doing this kid is
his mom's son through and through you
let me see your mouth do you see this
right here that's a sweet tooth Jackson
do you see this right here that's a
sweet tooth you guys are just sweet too
do you know that
seriously I'm surprised that candy was
not Jackson's very first one do you want
candy
okay maybe after the Q&A okay okay guys
today is Sunday and that means we are
taking your question for sure's your
questions and we are giving them answers
yesterday's vlog I said that we are
going to Facebook to get a bunch of
questions and you guys submitted over
1,000 questions in a matter of two hours
can you believe that Ellie so we picked
a few of them and we are going to answer
them right now and someone gave a
suggestion I think it was in a comment
on the YouTube video that we go through
the different social media networks and
take questions from there and I think
that's a great idea
first we're like let's just do Twitter
but not everyone has Twitter so we did
Twitter we're doing Facebook we'll do
Instagram will do snapchat will do all
of those things so make sure you guys
are following us or liking our Facebook
and doing all of those things so you
guys know exactly when we're doing the
Q&A and all of that great stuff because
you guys have great questions and I
think we have some pretty awesome
answers oh look at that piece of candy
that is a delicious piece of candy
alright so let's start with question
number one and it says what are your
favorite Christmas movies to watch on
every year on Christmas Eve we watched
chugga chases Christmas vacation
okay Chevy I'm actually the past several
years I've come to really love the Santa
Claus movies oh yeah with Tim Ellen
yeah Calvin Scott Scott that's Calvin
Scott not why we made our son no no it
just is a funny coincidence my favorite
Christmas movies are definitely the
Muppet Christmas Carol that is one that
I watched all of the time as a kid and
we just got it for our kids and we just
watched it yesterday while we were
setting up our Christmas tree stop it
Ellie I know you like it yes you will
you're gonna Orchestra yeah that mean
yeah they're really really talented I
also like It's a Wonderful Life that's a
classic that everyone needs to watch the
first question was from Hannah and then
Juliette says hi Allie and Jamie come
what are your recommendations for
helping a friend through infertility or
problems during pregnancy what did you
find most helpful or unhelpful but
recommendations for helping a friend
okay good catch no I thought people
helped me more than I helped other
people even though I know a lot I know I
truly have helped a lot of people don't
raise me to want to know exactly like I
think of me and my friend just cut the
salon like her and her husband suffer
through infertility and it just was
always fun to just talk he's talked yeah
that if he's just trying to have a
friend that knew what you're going
through and to just talk and laugh you
know so this is what my dad told me a
long time ago this is before we were
made a completely different topic my
dad's dad passed away when he was pretty
young and
I asked them I was like so what did you
do like what did what did people say to
you and what did you want them to say
what were you looking for and honestly
and this is what he said he said
honestly Jared I just wanted to talk
about him I just wanted people to listen
and I think that's a really big thing is
just be there and listen be the
listening ear and be there friends so I
think that's one of the biggest things
that you can do to help others who are
going through something not just
infertility but you know through hard
times and trials all together the next
question we have is from Jennifer and
she says what is your favorite Christmas
hymn or song Ellie and are you gonna
play it well I'll see if I can get it
yeah I think it's by Shedaisy let's see
here one of our very first bit filming
our family it was what three four years
it was three years ago we went it's on
Jared's channel the movie the video we
went to the Polar Express Express Heber
Valley Huber Cooper Polar Express
yeah it's called our Christmas party
it's called our Christmas party on my
You Tube channel
I think it's called Tinseltown by
Shedaisy that's like one of your
favorite beautiful yeah um I say I love
all Christmas music there's one song in
particular that I hate and that goes
back to when I was working at Red Robin
so when you go to a restaurant they have
a bunch of music playing especially
during the holidays they have like a
Christmas CD or something that just goes
on repeat and for some reason and I love
Paul McCartney so this makes me feel
kind of bad I love Paul McCartney but
his simply had a wonderful christmastime
I hate that one I hate it it drives me
crazy it drives me bonkers but really
like any other song and the other
Christmas song I love I love my dad
plays a christmas medley on the guitar
and i love it just goes through all the
really really great Christmas songs next
question is from Gretchen what were you
like as a teenager Ellie enjoyed a
little rebellious or played by the rules
honestly I when you say teenager I was
home a lot like I liked to be home
Friday night because you were in trouble
no me and my mom on her bed watching
HGTV home covers and I i definitely play
by the rules
I would skip school that means you did
not play by the rules rebellious I was
rebellious I was respectful like my
parents and like adults I heed the worst
thing that I really did was like I would
leave school like I would get my car and
go go to Wendy's go home but not all the
time that's the most rebellious thing
you have yeah I was i I played by the
rules like I did everything by the rules
because I was
to the extreme yeah I I wanted to make
my parents happy I wanted to make my
teachers happy I wanted to make my
coaches happy oh do you see grandma yeah
so I definitely played by the rules
and I don't regret it Lexi asked if you
could tell your past self something you
know now what would it be um around the
age fifteen to sixteen just like yeah
your pass I would tell me this a lot if
you could just understand that there's
life past high school
you'll be okay like there's there's more
to life than just high school and it's
hard to think of that and I remember I
like I did like eating at the school I
didn't like eating are you okay and it
like eating school lunch because it's
like Who am I get a sip I like doesn't
matter you know it's good thank you on
the camera that's what I would tell
myself but that's what my dad told me
it's like there's more to life yeah it
don't worry if you have friends or not
don't worry about what I did is a ball
this is no love sometimes I wish I lived
in a snow globe where the window under
foam and every single time that you
shake it you make it
for me it kind of goes to fold I think
it's like kind of like a double-edged
sword I would tell myself do what you
love and keep working at it do don't
don't you know follow the standard
protocol you know because like growing
up through life people have you stuck
inside of a box as far as what you can
do and what you can achieve and I would
say you know stick to what you love yeah
what were you gonna say I was just gonna
say this isn't bad at all but all my
stuff is just you go don't yeah yeah
college you get a job you're nine to
five and that's great so I mean that's
that's one thing that I would say but on
the other hand the whole reason the
whole reason where why we're here right
now is because of those things without
those things that I went through before
we wouldn't be where we are right now so
it's hard to say you know just stick to
that because I am definitely a proponent
on you know the things that you go
through lead you to where you are you
know the trials the experiences that you
go through develop and shape you to be
what you are
you know today and so without those
things I don't think we would be where
we are but would it be different if I
just started at it from the very
beginning so that's one thing I would
say I would I would say read more who
moved my cheese read more educational
books read more inspirational positive
books that's probably something that I
would tell myself as a kid the lesson is
from Lorraine what was the last picture
you guys took on your phones I took this
in church because this is a bracelet
charm bracelet that that is all I wanted
for Christmas when I was like nine it's
all I wanted and I took a picture of
Jackson playing with my charm bracelet
during church and I sent the picture to
my mom I said I love my charm bracelet
thank you
what's this one Oh
Kalvin in the bathtub huh cutie patootie
cutie patootie that's you
that is our questions and answered thank
you guys so much for doing that it's fun
for us because it's time to kind of like
it's fun to have the interaction between
us and you guys and I think that's
important to have and I think we're
gonna do more of these things we're
gonna do more in-depth things too so
make sure like I said before you're
following us on Twitter Instagram liked
us on Facebook so you guys are aware of
all these things that we're doing thanks
so much for watching guys and we'll see
you tomorrow make sure that this is the
beginning of a great great exciting
things to get done I'll see you tomorrow
good bye
