guess what guess what are you as excited
as I am
it's beginning to I don't think you're
as excited as I don't maybe I'm not but
so guys it is snowing outside which
means we are gonna take Jackson our kids
to our new back yard
hey the thought that counts it is the
thought that counts our property has
does so on it like it the wheat stick of
way I are this you know we're gonna have
fun we run around I'm still gonna do it
okay my golly we came this way we might
as well try sledding on it all right
guys let's see it are you gonna go down
what's that okay do you having fun
Jackson oh you see the doggy here we go
that actually works did you like it
reset
well Jackson may not be loving it but we
sure this is cool actually I'm gonna go
one more time
okay I got a hot cocoa for you let me
test it make sure it's not too hot
perfect I sit down
okay sit down hey here come right here
on drink some you can help boom
are you having fun yeah you like the
coke oh you're so cute
do it again
ready set go
we're here good job
oh yeah you drink it up do you like that
hot chocolate go go
we are setting the stage right now I am
getting the visual and audio setup here
it is um one of my favorite childhood
Christmas movies we are getting the kids
ready because we are going to set up
Christmas
are you ready Ellie Calvin are you ready
Jackson are you ready
that is so pretty
who did you see the bomb yeah
it wouldn't be setting up Christmas
without somewhat of a homemade meal
you're gonna say a homemade argument the
end Jackson was Jackson was pulling out
just about everything that we set up
okay but I don't want him to like ruin
it put those all on his head um anyway
we're eating some ham and some green
beans some water and some rolls and
Jared you have red lipstick on your lips
do I really
is this a good chain on me no it's yours
and it just happened to end up on my
lips and I don't mind away and Jackson
is cheek to Jackson can you show the
lipstick on your cheek right there yep
kissed you
I think somebody wishes they could
counter in the party I like it he's fan
he's like hey I wanna cover their knees
I'm just sweet hard because of all hand
like his hand is did you forget I didn't
even notice that Ty's Oudin open your
mouth close your eyes
Hey okay now you either you take a turn
you do or do you see a basketball hoop
that would be so fun to get hung Jackson
it's not too often now we go in our
house and we're like oh my goodness we
have zero diapers for Calvin usually
it's the opposite we have like oh we've
got two boxes of diapers in the garage
for Calvin we are completely out of
diapers Calvin is on his very last one
so I am here with Jackson we are running
a couple of errands oh should we go get
a basketball what that would be so fun
someday yeah we're gonna get some
diapers I'm gonna get a treat and some
milk those are the three things we may
get oh my goodness I just got really
excited I just got really excited cuz
guess what I found
thumbs up if you love eggnog now here's
the thing do you guys drink eggnog
straight or do you put like 7up or
sprite inside of that I think that's
what Ellie's family does and I don't
think it's as good with the sprite I
like it just straight-up eggnog
straight-up nog give me that noggin mmm
fist bump
Oh shout-out to dude perfect right there
oh you wanna see the treat that I got I
haven't either that's why I'm excited
nog is best with what is the best friend
I used to have Jared drinkin you didn't
love it but eggnog with a little bit of
eggnog and a lot of sprite I said that
exact same thing while I was shopping I
was like at least family loves to have
eggnog and 7up or sprite or something
not so thick and it just I like eggnog
sister ADA mm-hmm well it is night time
and we are sitting here lit by the
beautiful Christmas tree Ellie and I and
Calvin are going to he's like huh
someone say my name huh what I should be
asleep but I'm not we are gonna watch a
show and we're gonna call it a night
thank you guys so much for watching
these videos we really do appreciate it
if we hope you have a wonderful weekend
we'll see you guys tomorrow bye oh that
reminds me
tomorrow is Sunday Q&A and here's what I
want to do I want you guys to submit
questions through Facebook
so go to facebook.com slash Ellie and
Jared and make sure you guys are
following us there so Ellie injured on
Facebook that's where we're gonna take
questions from I'll see you guys next
time bye
oh look at you you're beautiful you
should be
