good morning happy Black Friday to all
of you guys I hope you are staying safe
and getting everything done that you
need to we are doing exactly what we
need to do right now and that is babe
Kelvin in the sing you love it this is
his own spa like look at it he just can
like sit fog oh you just take a load off
buddy this is just a nice little bath
for you but no pooping in the sink okay
don't leave that to mom me everyone Oh
everyone yeah tonight we've all tasted
like so who else poop their pants last
night
I think Elly has a present that she
wants to give you
yeah I have to uh I have to explain look
young pure retinol so they're in these
in face masks oh yeah I used one of them
sounds like I didn't use one to see if I
like it so you like it
we are brothers
oh I'm glad you use one yeah if you like
it ya like it like I woke up and just
loved it really good I've never tried
that I think only in the gorillas
household would that be like totally
acceptable yeah I just use your presents
and I really like it so happy birthday
Bonnie thank you guys thank you make her
ready um okay
we're on my watch fingers watch fingers
Jackson and I just took a shower
I'm just finishing the video getting it
uploaded right now well let's get ready
well I love most about this is Jared
didn't even tell him to hold on I'm just
helping out he's like okay got my
blankie in one hand I'll hold on to the
bag and help dad down the walkway you're
so strong
that's cute and we have had such a nice
relaxing day I love that Jackson will
now sit and watch a movie because we put
on Toy Story we all sat on the couch a
few of us may have fallen asleep I took
a few pictures and it just put a nice
relaxing day as our tummies have kind of
been unsettled but jerath been on the
phone for the past a little while he's
been contacting some donation places to
see where we can go do a donation Jared
and Jackson are you bringing in bring it
in the stuff this is one of two boxes Oh
fun okay can you pull it let's pull it
pull pull pull Jackson pull you're doing
so good my goodness what's up mind you
we're making a Jackson sandwich okay hop
out watch out come over here okay we've
got two boxes in here they want to show
you what's inside that place so when you
get a knife you want off of that okay
come over here Jackson I need your help
should we open this lock without dad
come here come help me ready let's open
it up guys
Kmart has been watching our vlogs and
they saw that Jackson really really
loves Elmo and Kmart has their top 15
toys right now an Elmo is one of them so
they sent Jackson yes Elmo
they sent Jackson the top 15 toys Wow
yeah Wow
she was inside Jackson that's actually
the best yes we're gonna keep these
common oh my gosh look at that one every
year for Christmas I would get hot
wheels nice donkey look at this one
let's see here there's Monster High
not only LEGO Friends Kitty move what's
this giant thing Imaginex ultra t-rex oh
I fell letter what does it say hi Ellie
and Jared we are so excited to give you
these fabulous toys for your family we
hope you enjoy them and we can't wait to
see have fun and happy holidays best
team K marks Oh like that's so nice of a
neighborhood I want to keep that
handwritten no keep it forever all of
this stuff they're fat fifteen toys but
that's sweet
we're gonna go donate them that's what
we're gonna do like I think that's the
exciting part okay Jackson you are not
going to believe your eyes when you see
this who is that whoa is that Elmo do
you want it
see I'm scared OOP you want to say hi to
Elmo Elmo's World
see your song no you do every morning
squeeze his nose let's see what else is
in here
this is amazing
oh this is amazing
like look at all of these cool toys no
Jared that's kids this is fun
for us this is such a fun opportunity
this is this makes it so fun it's go pro
in Jax is happy he's happy Kate Jackson
should we go give these toys to other
kids
shroo go donate I think this is my
favorite that's cool what do you think
but horses horses so we have Kmart's fab
15 toys they are awesome like these are
toys that I feel like one right now is
myself like that action cam the Star
Wars Hot Wheels like I want to play with
Hot Wheels and stuff but the thing that
I think is cool is they cover just about
anyone whether you're a young girl a
young boy a you know a kid that there's
just such a variety of all these toys in
here it's very cool like this is a cat
on wheels who doesn't want to count on
whales can you give Elmo a hug
give him up Jackson give him a hug oh
that's gonna be a cool toy this year
we've got all the toys out of their
boxes and we are ready to load them in
the car the car oh he loves the cars
step on it
where the car is Jackson cars you carry
this one can you hold that one and I'll
hold this one and we'll take it to the
room ready come on let's go and I'll
take this and we'll come back for the
hookers alright let's go buddy
this is can you put him right in here
Jackson oh yeah do you want to know
something I'm not sure if you've ever
heard this before but you kind of look
like Santa well we've got a lot more
toys to bring up so we'll bring them in
here tripper no problem right here great
all right well we just about Darnell
filled that box do you mind telling us a
little bit about Toys for Tots and and
what you guys do and everything we
started out with this little pamphlet so
they run this thing for the Marine Corps
League uh-huh and it tells you a little
bit about the beginning of the program
it started back in 1947 aha major bill
Hendrix he came home in 1947 after I
think that was after quarter yeah the
Korean War two was done he and his wife
started the hello program of building
toys and then distributed tough toys
homemade toys at that time to the
children in the area that had those
special needs in that and from that
point it kind of evolved into a thing I
think they did something like 502
homemade kind of toys that year and then
by the time it hit a hit into his third
year they decided to go nationwide the
United States and though so they toyed
for Tots Foundation was born out of that
yeah and then we've kind of progressed
about every ten years working what they
do now Toys for Tots in all of the
states and the donations and the toys
that we collect here go to the children
that's in the community right so they
stay here well thank you so much I mean
I appreciate it my grandpa was a Marine
so we appreciate your service and all
that you do for the kids and for our
country
so thank you guys that was so much fun
and honestly I feel so blessed to be in
a position where we can do things like
that where we can get you know toys
things that I think are stinking cool
and that I would love to have but
instead donate them to to those kids who
you know oh gosh I can only imagine
seeing them when they get those to make
the kids day if you guys want to check
out Kmart's fab 15 ties I'll have a link
to it down below or go to Kmart comm
slash toys to find out more about those
15 toys that we donated you want another
bite close your eyes close your eyes are
you eating with your eyes closed
yeah okay close your eyes here it comes
here it goes what is that what is that
what they do this like what's in my
mouth challenge like where they have
their eyes closed and they do that we
just try that self that not be fun I've
got a ton of challenges that I want to
do on my channel Ellie we need to get on
that if you're not subscribed to my
channel go into it right now
I just got off the phone with my sister
everyone in my family is either going to
the bathroom or throwing up we all have
some sort of bug and I'm glad that I'm
feeling a lot better I have a candle
that I'm going to burn and it's going to
smell nice and yummy Cara and I going to
grab I'm going to grab a little lush
ball I'm going to take a nice warm bath
and chair it it's just a what are you
guys to me
you guys Jared's gonna give Calvin a
bath so Thank You Jared you're welcome
you're gonna bathe him while I take a
nice warm bath myself we're gonna have
fire and then he's gonna go sleep his
magic sleep suit so thank you guys for
the recommendations for getting that he
is doing so much better at night
KJ can I go take my bath I can use a
bath bomb heck yeah you go use it back
on right now girl I'm excited for
tomorrow Kelly are you excited for
tomorrow yes I'm excited for tomorrow
why are you excited for tomorrow I'm
excited for tomorrow because I'm gonna
wash my hair oh that's a great thing to
be excited about also we're gonna set up
Christmas here on our house that's what
we're gonna do
we're gonna set up Christmas thank you
guys so much for watching the video
today we are gonna go call it a night
and we'll see you guys next time bye I
think you're beautiful
by travelpod
