well good morning folks and have a
Thanksgiving it's a wonderful day it's
beautiful I've got a beautiful wife a
beautiful child another beautiful son
right over there and we are ready to get
breakfast we got our boots on a short
tone this is what you do when you don't
have any other clothes to wear you just
throw in what you got here Jackson I
want you to run as fast as you can till
the end of the hall run run run fast as
you can go
he's getting some speed let's go
I love it we are here at mom and dad's
house everybody is here and everybody is
doing crafts
aunt Ruby are you in charge of this I
playing teacher today Jack's a vegetable
what are you doing so what you coloured
show he's coloring oh um Jared put in
that picture of me wearing one of these
the dad posted today
this is so cute
debit all right it's time to wrangle the
cats guys we've got Jackson we've got
Russell and all the other kids are
coming up the stairs now I was told to
bring up the kids so that's what we're
doing how sure what for you over here
what is Thanksgiving date please tell me
what a cheating if it's chicken day
isn't about you myriad Kody what about
the parade did you see some fun things
on TV yeah no that's your wife is it
about this is without the things you see
on TV the parade you keep I know what
it's about
and the football that Thanksgivings all
about
no that's not what makes livings all
about this is a very special quality
it's so much more you see it's more than
grand parades and football on TV more
than seeing relatives we take time on
this day to say Thank You Heavenly
Father for your blood on a bottom thank
you for my family and I'm going to
smoothly eat I thank you Father for the
friends and toys over like masturbate
who's excited to eat yeah okay everybody
over there career Jackson fold your arms
we're gonna say prayer Julie's gonna
bless the food on visit table Jackson
guess what mommy and daddy are gonna get
your food already and we're gonna bring
it to you but you have to fold your arms
okay fold your arms
good job we'll be right back okay
Jackson are you ready for your first
second third thing
how many Thanksgivings is in your
Thanksgiving meals here that looks so
good well all the kids are here I
haven't even checked on Calvin I ate him
down
we have 17 grandkids but 12 of them are
under the age of youth or so we have a
lot of toddlers in this house but I
think we're able to round a lot of them
up they're doing really well I think a
full chance a before baby happened that
Turkey thank you very much who's your
favorite brother oh good
you
you
you
you
it was two years ago is that when we had
everyone sign disclosure statements to
film them what had happened is Google
had me and one of their commercials for
Google Plus and they had me sign a
talent release form and I had to sign it
and send it back to them so I was like
this is right around Thanksgiving how
funny would it be we just started doing
YouTube videos let's pass them out to
everyone and say hey we're starting a
YouTube channel we need you to sign
these these talent releases
confidentiality reports you know ndas or
you know whatever they work and give
them back to us so we have your verbal
agreement or your written agreement that
you're okay to be on our YouTube videos
and I was doing it dead serious as can
be in you know I I'm not sure who all
you know you know everybody I think
heaven just stared at it like every was
like Kevin was like the only one who
read it
everyone else is like sure okay and mom
mom dad's dad and she's like you sign
that sign it get a pen oh yeah you start
reading I just sign it just nobody good
supporters yes you have thanked you
every one of you guys I can't believe it
tens years years was Jillian land in
here then her Havel know for four years
why her for Thanksgiving seriously I
don't remember things days before either
we're working on things TV or or maybe
there with your family so it has me
Montana
so the timecode will have you sign the
papers as to say God by husband
like oh well we can't have all the snow
and not playing in Jackson are you happy
to come outside yeah do you like playing
in the snow with a dog nah you're so
excited to see us how are you girl good
to see ya Jackson what do you think of
the snow do you like it say yeah hahaha
do you want a ball okay let me show you
how to make a snow ball
ready so you grab some snow pack it
together oh I'm not doing a very good
job am i yeah well here's a ball that's
a snowball key throw that throw it
Jackson throw the snowball yeah throw it
don't drop it throw it okay I'll make
you another one okay see got the
snowball and you throw it yeah as a
snowball if you didn't like that did ya
he's like he's like what you throw a
snowball at me dad oh oh one of my
favorite things to do as a kid was go
over to my friend's house after a fresh
snow and jump on the trampoline okay
Jackson you ready
ah give it a shot are you gonna go you
gonna do it okay go in the middle
okay guys jump look at the wave like you
can see the wave of the trampoline yeah
it's Christmas so you can see the waves
we're taking a little break from the
festivities at home we made our way to
the church we're playing a little
basketball also Landon has never ridden
the hoverboard before so we brought that
here we're playing a little lightning
way who hasn't gone yet or who's gone
yeah
yeah I'm in front of chat okay I'm in
front of chat so chats behind me oh that
was close
okay now you Oh No okay who made it in
I'm still in guys a to dapper man right
here okay I'm shooting my opposite hand
just so you know yeah I shoot
left-handed I do shoot that many you
ready it also feels look I want the
budget okay ready
right oh no I'm out I won one round at
second place the other round and I am
sitting this one out
I keep slipping and sliding all over the
place it's a good moonwalk place huh
these guys are quick I can't keep up
with them I'm getting too old guys I'm
getting too old
oh sherry sherry gets her dad out I
caught that on film played some
basketball got her butts kicked
Landon is now on the hoverboard first
time going and he's going strong he's
feeling it
what do you think Landon give me your
thoughts and opinions if you've ever
laid your snowboard it's somewhat
similar in the fact that you have to use
your feet dip to kind of get way to go
yeah go backwards oh my gosh ah Jared do
you think you could drag me ah probably
let's try it okay let's see how many
kids we can get okay is everyone hanging
on that's quite a few oh my god ride a
motor laughing the strength of the kids
isn't enough
Cody's amazing holding that whole line
Oh see if Emma was stronger than Cody oh
she's probably got a good grip
she's getting looser britches the
fats in your suite for than a cheetah
stronger than a lion here we go follow
us peeler Kate Jackson
you ready shoot this ball yeah let's do
it
let's go oh you're so close high-five
bye goodbye I am grateful for you guys
and your amazing daughter
oh yeah that's right Wow we're grateful
for good son-in-law Zamir wait your
cannon right there among the best you
know in the top five oh five I swear
okay good I'll take I'll take it okay
we'll see you guys later thanks again
we'll see you guys soon okay well the
party has moved to the hotel we are
hanging out in the lobby and we are
eating some pie oh and some very
important um gummi bears
mm yards being high maintenance what do
you mean you have you some juice because
because you guys have soda pop that's
why I got some apple juice them provided
by inland and selfie as it's hi hugs it
oh that's funny
I always just choked to death I am
fighting for my life to stay awake I'm
wide awake I'm ready to party man
in fact
he's like I'm ready game here I'm here
let me party let me party did you have a
good Thanksgiving and a great thing I
didn't - what do you think I think my
family and my kids I think most of all I
am thankful that we have an awesome
opportunity to share positivity and to
share our example yeah I am grateful for
our family and friends for my beautiful
wife my two kids I can't believe we have
two kids I think that's one thing I'm
also grateful for the time in which we
live where you can do something that you
love and make that you're living like
that's something I'm grateful for real
quick funny when they're watching this
today it will be your birthday happy
birthday Bonnie hashtag
happy birthday Bonnie I should I stay
young forever
hashtag no wrinkles all right guys we'll
see you tomorrow
bye Happy Thanksgiving to all a 12o good
night
go go go
