we are getting the house packed up for
Thanksgiving I've got all the kids stuff
packed and Jax
can't Linda I brought the turkey I'm
gonna hold the turkey yeah what do you
think is a huge yeah good enough to eat
ya know yeah well you look like you
could eat them he looks big enough huh
yeah it's cute it's like we got a whole
bunch of turkeys in the house Petra
Petra did you make that that looks cool
hi Joel and the boat are working on
dad's bathroom for a little bit and
trying to help them out and I think it's
a contest between Beau and I bows iPhone
or this little flashlight which one's
brighter I'm pretty sure the iPhone has
a brighter light huh shy up against the
door oh good idea
sorry Joel we're not helping yet oh good
for yourself contest puppet time no
seriously I think the iPhones bright
with that not the cutest thing you ever
did see it's snowing mom and Ruby been
in the kitchen pretty much all day they
have been getting their kind of laughing
maybe not maybe that's a lie well I'm to
be the crib I've been watching mom and
the kitchen adult that that's the same
thing as working on the kitchen I think
anything and they've been in the kitchen
all day and it is snowing guys it is
snowing this is beautiful and you guys
have been best friends all day
Kalyn sherry and I give trans on theirs
down to your side you're gonna sleep
Jared how the dirt hasn't really been
thrown the best got a lot of weight
unless you're over insured you got a big
head stop by Nia Linda
yeah it's Calvin kickin yeah honestly
the day before Thanksgiving and
Thanksgiving Day are two of the days
that I look forward to most out of the
year and it's partially because of
family vampires
yeah family is we just do so many fun
things I'm so excited so bonnie and joel
kind of have a tradition at least
they've done in the past couple of years
instead of staying at mom and dad's
house they get a hotel because it's her
birthday and and Bonnie and Joel will
just you know have fun with their family
at the hotel well they invited us and
Kevin and Ruby to the hotel with them
this year and we got our room and we are
gonna go swimming in the pool so excited
excited to Jackson turn it on can't you
reach it jack oh there you go Jackson is
so excited I am excited we got the kids
we got the key we got the camera let's
go swimming
Jackson say yeah
well despite all the coasting that we
could do Jackson would not have anything
to do with the pool but he does happen
to like sticking his feet in the hot tub
are you having fun buddy yeah that is
water
oh that's grandpa huh hey everybody
grandma don't go get grandma go and get
grandma
rolling back it who is that
can't give him a high-five give him a
high-five give him a high-five you never
missed that one can you give him a kiss
give him a kiss give him the kiss mouth
oh look that's so nice
give him a headbutt do you know how to
do not have bonk heads go bong his head
no kiss it better kiss it better
good yeah okay we're back from swimming
in Jackson actually warmed up to the
pool a little bit later it was actually
good he was running around laughing
having a good time just took a little
bit warming out that's it um we just got
both of the kids to bed and Ellie's in
the bathroom getting ready for the night
I seriously feel like ninjas when we get
both the kids to sleep at the same time
it seriously is like yeah I'm an Olympic
champion I'm an Olympic champion they're
putting kisses slave yeah
that's how I feel and honestly as a
parent I think you might agree if you
are a parent with kids I think you might
agree but right now everyone else is
getting their kids asleep and then I
think we're gonna see if we can get like
burgers or something and just we've got
a big room here and we did it by design
so we can get everyone in here and have
a good night together it's snowing the
kids are asleep and the guys we're out
we're getting the food we're gonna go
out and get some meat for the ladies we
gotta do the hunter-gatherer thing okay
guys we gotta get some food any minute I
made five there's five guys is what's on
the menu tonight we're gonna go bring it
back and we're gonna have some fun in
the hotel room we've got the goodies
thanks guys thanks five guys when the
kids go to sleep we all party Gerry
literally sit down it took me I just
went and this is my second time going in
a nursing Calvin I'm like just let me
eat my hamburger we've got our siblings
here getting our hamburgers on show
what's on TV
my friends she's wearing a fat suit was
the one that she was younger she had a
little bit more weight but that's kind
of the development of the character she
lost all that weight and that's just you
know part of the show all you have to
think about these very deep storylines
from these shows kay she lost her weight
but gained experience there you go
see well Ellie I think we should go to
bed I do too
it's late stiff we had a great day and
tomorrow well today for you guys if
you're watching today it's Thanksgiving
in the United States so thank you guys
have a happy Thanksgiving this is like
to me this is like the beginning this is
the start this is like this is when the
eggnog comes out this is when the
Christmas music starts playing this is
like I love this so much like it's so
much fun I can't wait we're gonna have
an awesome holiday season all of us
together so make sure you're subscribed
to you guys follow along okay
see you guys next time let's go eat some
turkey so I've got a little post vlog
dilemma I I just finished editing the
vlog and I'm about to upload it I wanted
to check the internet speed at the hotel
and I wanted to compare it against my
phone so let me show you this this is
the download speed of the hotel Internet
this is the upload speed of the hotel
Internet the upload speed is what
matters to me right now because because
I have to upload the video now remember
that that is point three nine megabits
per second for upload now look at my
phone's Internet
I just did this test and it's thirty
three point two four megabits per second
point three nine thirty three point two
obviously I'm going to go with my
phone's internet but I just got a text
message from my provider that said I am
almost all the way done with my data so
that's my dilemma slow but unlimited
data fast but limited data this is the
trouble with hotel Wi-Fi it's so slow
