good morning guys I have my guitar
packed up my ukulele packed up some
clothes packed up I have a long day
ahead of me and I think Jackson knows
that I'm leavin hey I'll be back tonight
yeah I'll be back tonight I love you
90 and and both of my kids are in bed it
is very nice
but I feel for Jackson I think he is
just having a really hard time right now
I think he just must not be feeling all
that well but as the kids are sleeping I
might as well take the time and get
ready I got ready today this is one of
the first times in a long time that I
have pulled my hair back because of all
my postpartum baldness Wow all my
postpartum hair loss and I just haven't
dared really pull my hair back but I did
today and I think it's actually kind of
cute and my hair is gotten so long I am
in need of a hair trim I think probably
after Christmas I'll try and get in and
and get my hair trim and stuff but
seriously is so long what's up guys
threw that chair I'm not sure in this
vlog camera this is mom picking it up
and blogging with it
Jackson asked for hot cocoa every
morning now because we've had a few days
in our office and I need pieces it's a
ritual so every day we're making hot
cocoa and his cousins are here so I'm
going to give them some hot cocoa
kay Kody I made us a hot cocoa okay come
grab it okay can you you here's your hot
cocoa sweetheart Joe grab it why did you
close hot cocoa cuz it's hot
is it good okay let's go get your hot
cocoa and your shoes on
how cute are all those Goods out there
okay they're playing oh we got the
cutest babies in town hi
you playin hi and us mommies we are
going to suffice and hot cocoa as well
hi Julie alright so I made it to my
destination we're here and the first
thing that I've got to do the first task
that I have got to get in front of this
camera that's where I belong she's right
I've got two cameras right here you
can't see them I'm kidding
ksl is doing an interview on the project
that we're working on right now I
haven't told you about it but it's very
exciting
okay I've got to go sit down in this
chair right here or that chair right
here we're doing the long shots here hey
jarv how are you man you're you you know
you're working hard are you vlogging
right now
vlog ception OOP I think the kids found
their favorite hiding spot how many kids
are back here you who else is back
Carrie
well it's Jackson oh he's over by his
brother case tree put on a little
Christmas movie yeah sit up by coo-coo
Joe watch a Christmas movie
okay good then the fancy stuff happens
then let's get the Christ the Savior is
born the best port message the hashtag
so that's 49 50 51 so 55 yeah you got it
Lyle
every time I go to Taco Bell I get to
say gold you know for get up son Dorito
a Dorito crunch and this is what it
looks like I got some flatbread and
melted mozzarella and cheese on it and
then you put chips on it and meat it
seriously is so yummy and I always want
it and I was like I don't just start
making it a home so this is what I have
for lunch so good I'm excited to share
yeah just like that that looks so good
and the kids I just they're pretty much
eating like brown sugar so yummy well
you are kind of a hunk of a boy so if
you haven't guessed yet from like
Twitter or Instagram or anything I am
getting together with a bunch of awesome
incredible talented youtubers and we're
making a Christmas song together today's
gonna be pretty special we are going
caroling with these youtubers and we're
gonna go to some people's houses and
Surprise them and it's gonna be a lot of
fun I'm really excited I'm just getting
some gas in the car we're gonna meet up
and hang out a little bit before we've
got to get ready and it's just this is
like this is one of those days where I'm
like holy crap like this is what I'm
doing today like this is amazing this
blows my mind that I'm hanging out with
these people and having conversations
these people it's it's a huge blessing
so thank you guys for you know being a
huge part of this okay Cody Olivia hey
man right here what you have to think
about when building a fort is
the inside is going to be so you don't
just want a table because that means you
only have that much space inside the
four right yeah since we have this one
it would take too much room and then
everybody would be like I'm rush yeah so
you have to make a bigger tip yeah so
that's why we have this to put a towel
over here so look then we even have that
space so like yeah and then we could put
a barstool over there and make it even
bigger tent it's not a good idea and
then it could be like a chain like yeah
okay I think we have our list of ideas
to do I think I have gathered enough
blankets and this is the fort
Jackson's Rd having fun come here give
me a Cody I think it's time for a fort
tour are you ready okay
let's go this book show me Jackson you
guys show me the way Jackson's going in
guys Jackson okay here's our four tour
guys this is it ready okay I think we're
I'm gonna go this way
oh good idea okay crowd I'm coming in
show me the way you might haven't been
in before so you come in oh there's all
sorts of room for activities oh my
goodness no I die or do you think about
it I like this this is our fort are guys
what do you think you like it yeah a few
bars throws Jackson is loving this
coming decks
Jackson is lovingness yeah fun should we
go get some snacks okay
oh there's good okay that's good okay
boys tell me how the four it is do you
like it
good Jax would you like it I like it too
Jackson what is that say Oreo what is
that
yeah that's Cody what's this what's this
what is it Colio say Oh Rio before we do
anything else this is very important we
have to admire this sunset let me see
this there we go look at that look at
that cotton candy I think you can call
that cotton candy right happy and then
wait wait let me frame it let me frame
it Peter Hollens ladies and gentlemen
look at that oh man this is a grey so
we're just how high we're just outside
we're taking some pictures of the sunset
it's beautiful out here guys
I think Utah has some of the best
sunsets I have ever seen so how did you
guys meet tell us your story
girl and then you did that did just that
that's great me you're gonna have to
give that service
me a bi can we let's do a trick look at
that that's so awesome
now flip dismount you want to do
something in there she doesn't even
respond
he's doing
don't like banjos come on let's do it
hit it we're gonna sing some carols and
we're gonna see when we sing them good
gosh darn it it's gonna be a great time
I want to hear those voices I want to
hear those instruments come on girls get
your hands okay what are we gonna say
we're about to walk to the very first
house and this is supposed to be the
biggest surprise of them all I'm not
sure how well we're doing shape lend me
a lovely Oh shun oh I love you darling
that's Peter Hollens cover seeing in my
car which I usually do with Peter
Hollens but he's on a CD but this time
he was in averse why when I car and on
the radio live from the show from the
suburban here we are with me rock guitar
do you view I've been rocking it final
this one no I don't know that one there
we go
oh my gosh oh my goodness I am exhausted
I just got in the car and I've got to
drive the long drive home to be honest
and a lot more tired than I look I've
been up since 2:00 this morning I've
been up for 19 hours straight so I
cannot wait to get home so let's do it
quick ready 1 2 3 I made it home oh my
goodness it's so good to see you
your help oh I've been trying to stay
awake mm-hmm
how are you tired I'm ready for bed
thank you guys so much for watching the
vlog today we had so much fun I can't
wait to see what you did that's the best
part for me is I get to see all the
footage that she did so thank you guys
for watching the video and I will see
you guys tomorrow bye
