there's nothing quite like getting ready
and having your baby all asleep right
behind you I love it
happy six months go
there we go 16 and 3/4 but if there's no
hay you have do you have a big old
noggin huh
you have a big old noggin you're a pro
at this right yeah you're sick you jump
you little theme alright Frankie there's
to use my blue that's / that's perfect
baby blue for the baby hi Kelly
happy boy 15 pounds 1 ounce
yes Jackson was so cute as soon as we
walked out to get Calvin's weight he
looked up and he saw pumpkin full of
suckers he's like oh ma I want more Oh
more I was like okay you gotta ask he
said he meant please it was like okay if
you want one so do you want this yeah I
don't me to open it for ya yeah okay let
me open it here you go you say thank you
good job
Oh a sucker for my leader 2nd 5th
percentile you are just my living little
baby aren't you he's just a dude again
she's my little baby it's funny I was
like fifth percentile because he looks
he looks Josh unki and big to me she's
15 pounds he's in the 5th percentile for
weight the eighth percentile for height
and the 25th percentile for head
circumference you got a big ol noggin he
just looks so chunky but he did say he
goes yeah
some babies that are smaller they're
just getting bummed but he looks like
he's holding on to he's doing good you
doing good
it's I it's totally different than
Jackson oh yeah 90th percentile until he
is a year old yeah it's crazy crazy the
doctor is very happy with you and most
of all I am happy with you I think
you're so sweet here so sweet my little
six-month-old baby we've had him for a
half a year I can't believe it it's gone
my way but it's so crazy how time flies
I feel like just yesterday I remember
delivering him and then at like 3:00 in
the morning or 4:00 in the morning when
they took me in to just like recover and
sleep and stuff Jericho
sleep I just couldn't sleep I held you I
held you and I kissed you and I looked
at you I couldn't believe you were mine
you're my baby hmm
I'm so glad I have him I'm so glad I
would
I cannot imagine life without my Calvin
well I see Jackson is taking it out
downstairs I turned on a lot of white
noise at his room the boys are
downstairs heading the basement working
Bonnie is doing a Lara's makeup you're
so gonna D um Lara is Julie's
sister-in-law but she looks just like
Julie's daughter Emma Emma hi she's just
like Kirsch has a beautiful skin and
Julie thank you her and landed a
bottom.i to stuff we're gonna make
sandwiches hi fire face looks worse
today it looks awful yeah
Oh Landon uh oh did you get cream on it
okay I got some good stuff going so
couch well the boys are working we're
getting lunch going so excited I'm gonna
get the boys one you know I have awesome
voices lunch
Jackson's in there Jackson's in their
sleep okay we were running that giant
saw yeah all of these fans and
everything Jackson still would slip
through yeah I put a humid white noise
in there he's asleep oh you got this out
we're gonna get it all right he's all
coming okay you guys are going on Pete
Rock had hairball oh yeah hey your hair
looks extra white with all the dust oh
no man you should have been down here
ten minutes ago
George oh yeah and all the boys have
little lunch thanks ollie
welcome are you gonna be happy you be a
good boy okay mommy and aunt Julie
you're taking you somewhere fun you
gotta be good okay say yeah
I'm gonna have fun okay good boy have
fun girls we will can't love you Jackson
look up from his nap I don't think he's
really been feeling alive worst likely
got hit he's been kind of cranky and
Jericho here from in the house cuz he
was screaming has been called it's okay
jack sorry go play and Jack I Jared came
out and jar goes Jackson you'd be a good
boy for your mom okay
mmm-hmm and he stopped screaming likes
really he likes stuff just like that
just maybe knows you and dad God serious
okay she got the widower
I'm you've seen them with more water
videos and you've never been my kids
know exactly what the wiggle worm is and
we are finally going I am very excited
good job Jackson you guys guessed it we
are a little bored I've got my cute
little nephew in tow
Jackson's running and playing Julie do
you like it yeah your kids are playing
those cars and the Cooper Cooper ran
here and this is where he's been since
we got here we're choked Jackson taught
me to push you
okay can you hold the camera hold it
don't let go hold it hold your hands
okay ready
how's that ride with the satisfactory
gonna go again okay Gigi Jesse Cody
driving on the track you he didn't even
know that Cody and his other cousins
were here and he just turned around saw
Cody racing by Bonnie but picked Olivia
up a little bit early from school so all
the cousins are going to play at the
moogle worm father dads are working part
on the basement turn the other way
Jackson turn the other way
oh good job good job good job you
corrected yourself
yeah that's your cousin busted okay
thanks Olivia woohoo sweetheart lastly
before we go you have to write on the
alligator say yeehaw I guess that's what
you say on all again everybody stay on
alligator I heard a baby at the Papa Oh
juicy a ball
what he's crazy I have spoiled my baby
rotten every time he gets in the bath
pal he asks for a ball and not just any
ball yes for a lush ball sorry Jackson
me and you used one this morning but you
did get bubbles you did get bubbles look
oh look look at me go I should be nicer
you know I don't think feeling the best
huh yeah I don't think you're feeling
all that good but you had a good dinner
you had lots of fun with cousin well oh
this is so gonna wash your body okay
don't drop this the brie can wash your
chest and wash your arms wash it look
rub it on your chest wash no no we're
just doing bubbles haha we're just doing
bubbles oh boy oh shoot I think I just
missed it we had the most beautiful
sunset ever it was definitely like one
of those red sky at morning sailors take
warning red sky at night sailor's
delight the sky was just red as can be
it was beautiful you can kind of see
just the very tail end of it right there
aw it doesn't show it justice at all
hair you see right there but all of
those clouds were just beet red it was
beautiful
it is about 5:20 and I just got back
from bombing Joel's house and honestly
we did tons of demolition we did tons of
like getting stuff ready for their
basement and it was so much fun
it totally reminded me the time too
I spent with my brother Matt we were
roofing partners he would roof and I
would like feed and all of that stuff
gosh it was just so much fun it's just
it's just fun working with your buddies
you know we're laughing cracking jokes
and just having a good time it was hard
work but we were having a good time
doing it I've got to get dressed I've
got to get cleaned up because my holy
you guys remember when these shoes used
to be brown they're kind of like white
now I've got to get cleaned up because
we're gonna go on an awesome date with
all six of us oh honey sweetness the
kids in bed we are eating a delicious
hey you're away you're probably for
eating yummy salad where's the
breadsticks but Landon got these he went
got these drinks they look so good ocean
blue lemonade good this is natural wine
aid I have little real bits of white
wine yummy I'm gonna take a swig of all
of them I am like so excited being you
right now I can't decide which one I
want well you boys have been working all
day
Thank You Joel for buying dinner and
yeah I think this is mission one hour
later we are completely stuffed and
we're all just sitting here having a
good time cuddling some babies watching
some football I do have to say probably
one of the best days ever we've worked
hard but we're playing hard and that's
that's a lot of fun and I feel bad that
I haven't been able to help a lot but
really get some some done today I'll say
another thing you guys do not want to
miss tomorrow's vlog it is gonna be
crazy you won't believe what I'm going
to be doing it's gonna be a lot of fun
um yeah as in tomorrow you're filming so
right wednesday's vlog right for them
will be tomorrow okay but that's gonna
be it from us today guys thank you so
much for watching we'll see you next
time bye
oh I like your shirt oh hey
