I think I first have to say thank you
for all of the awesome feedback that you
guys gave on my sibling Q&A video
seriously I swear it was so fun reading
all the comments it was so fun everybody
loved it but we are decided that we
decided to do our Sunday Q&A but we just
happened to be on my mom's house and
several of the siblings are here and so
I have my Twitter open that I'm going to
ask us and if anybody wants to
contribute they can um to the question
Jesus first one is perfect to ask
everybody and Gabourey says what were
all of your first impressions of Jared
oh I definitely want to know this one
Jules we were meeting up at like the
college and we purchased car got out Oh
backstory planning him for friends they
knew each other yes that's how I met
Jose meeting Lanny so he got out of the
car that I got out of karlie redd and he
like jumped on Lana and put his legs
around laughing but they were hugging
each other like he's jumped up onto it
it was a very tender hug there was a lot
of emotion amidst Landon's that's
another story he got burnt really bad
she Lee talked about that on her video
today for sure
anybody else know what did you think of
that that's your first impression going
out going anybody else I have maybe a
different impression of Jared yeah than
most people because most people met him
here in the States but I'm a jerk for
the first time in Finland so that was
really fun he was I was kind of coming
up on the end of my time in Finland and
Jared was just starting and we were put
together to be buddies and we had a good
time
Jared's a stud like really I mean
there's like living in Finland
especially the time Jared came in it's a
tough time like you came in and what
February January like it's cold and it
sucks and there's not very much light
but Jared's looks like always positive
always smiling and sometimes I'd be
walking around like alright let's go to
the next thing and he's like come on
like let's go then you know perky let's
do it I'm like all right you know he
helped me a lot oh that's nice
anybody else the first time I met Jeremy
were here getting ready for his wedding
and he may help move the cap but I just
thought you're a hard worker
you were ever driven OB verba name
really that's nice
so the first time I met you is at your
wedding reception I like that your
wedding well our wedding or their
wedding no yeah do you run yourself I
hoped I would have no finally we can see
hotel yes Jared I sing at your
engagement yeah
music not at the reception reception
while you sing all the time so you need
a record at speaking of that the other
day I was like oh my gosh yes dad what
was your first impression I was thinking
it was both way but I guess it was
Julie's way like you play Lena that has
the smallest guitar those we really
enjoyed that and I thought okay he's an
entertainer we always enjoy him well
holidays well gosh I didn't know his
make Jared feel good our awesome thanks
guys I am going to answer this one on
Scott as things he said did you rotate
chores growing up or were did you have
certain chores that were always yours
and I would definitely just say we just
from what I remember is just we all just
did it together we had an hour
Julie do this Ellie do this mom would
make a list and we would all have to do
it
it might have been a little bit
different yep yep in my family I always
well me and my brother would always in
all the walks and so he got older enough
about you my eyes are right here Ellie
we would always mow the lawn then when
he got older I would always do the lawn
and I would always do poop Patrol those
are like my chores for the wand and poof
Patrol and I'm like cleaning my room but
other like other odds and ends we had
rotate and just whoever got picked to do
it would do it Kayleigh asks are you
guys planning on doing any more
challenges anytime soon yes in fact
Landon give us a good a challenge ideas
a really good challenge idea and we're
gonna film it on my channel tomorrow so
Landon was our test round so we
definitely know the safety precautions
we need to take now no go go check out
my channel I'll have a link down below
make sure you're subscribed so you can
see it Cortney asks when did you guys
start using Dave Ramsey's budgeting and
how has it helped you guys so we Ellie's
family has been doing it for I don't
even know how occupy answer that about
eight eight years Oh perfect how long we
been doing it yeah but even before Dave
Ramsey like my whole childhood like
growing up my parents kind of already
saw but even that even our childhood I
feel um dad followed that role because
we just knew I would say bummed out
always stayed within their means yeah
pretty good we lived the principles of
Dave Ramsey you know since childhood
both Jennifer and I immediately just
even before we started married marriage
we like started doing the principles of
it and all throughout our marriage we
started doing it and I think the thing
that's so enticing about it is just it's
so simple and just makes so much sense
and it just works for so many pretty
much live within your means
what we started out so nice right yeah
makes for honestly happy that's a big
thing
Linda asks who wears the pants in your
relationship well I think I think you
both are airing pants right now you get
it we both are but I think we
compromised a lot I think that's very
important is compromise give and take
yeah Ellie does lots of taking and I do
lots of giving so here's a question that
I think it would be fun to hear
everyone's opinion on what's a lesson in
life that you have valued most I think a
lot of you guys already know something
that my dad ingrained in me is attitude
is everything have a positive attitude
any lessons hey they're playing a game
over there who's and start listening
what's a life lesson that you value a
lot just work don't expect anything from
anybody your work for what you give what
you don't have at your own fault just
fake it until you are actually that's
good mom said that lot to us to grown up
sure know what mom would say it's pretty
smile on smile smile / smile on if you
smiled a long enough eventually you'll
get happy because it's a welcome relief
from work but you have to work hard to
enjoy the play Laura asks what about
Fred Fred / Laura asks what famous
person
do you do people tell you you resemble
the most I know Elliot everyone said the
Natalie Portman and when my hair was
dark a lot of people at the salon would
say look like Natalie Portman I
definitely see Natalie Portman
especially here start people say and I
don't get Jim Carrey I don't get it Brad
Pitt I'll take it none no Jim Carrey
got from the office for sure we'll say I
act like Michael Scott but people say I
resemble Jim Carrey and Tom Cruise I
don't know I would say Jim Carrey and
Michael Scott but do you guys have any
celebrity people that you look like
I think Landon looks like Antonio
Banderas look at see if that's a good
thing or not was it good Marty to look
like I think when you're young for sure
you look like please Tom Hanks well guys
that is our Sunday Q&A thank you so much
for watching thank you for your
questions and we will see you tomorrow
with more of Julia she's a town okay bye
