what are you guys doing
you're resting checks and what do you
watch him is that Elmo you have your
blankie
you got your whole fam in your hands you
got your whole life am in your hands
what a cute little family we've got
early yeah oh do you see the ball in
Jackson's ear Kelvin shirt
I think Jackson's head still hurt do you
think it's kind of bothering I'm still I
think we all woke up oh man I woke up I
was so excited for what just Julie was
in town the family was together you just
have it was just fun yeah I want to
decorate our house okay for the holidays
okay let's do it let's do that today you
want to do it today Stuart on Saturday
come on well okay I was in my husband at
a really fun montage so maybe not today
Oh we'll see what happens it'll be fun
you're cute you know let's do that you
let's do it let's do it the day before
Thanksgiving that way it's like no
because in we're a family let's you're
after Thanksgiving after Thanksgiving
yeah let's do it like the 27th the
Friday after Thanksgiving okay
dad posted it I'm getting Jackson's
reaction of my dad everyone goes it
looks like Ellie and Bonnie played
dress-up
no your dad and Matt look Jared my mess
do you hear that is that mommy that
looks like Mama huh oh I like I don't
know why I want to cry I just feel like
I'm just emotional because I'm just so
happy like it just yesterday doing the
video of my siblings was so fun but that
looks like me huh where's mom where's
dad is that Daddy okay now where's
where's grandpa where's grandpa yes
grandpa say grandpa has grandpa had a
lot of hair crazy hair where did where'd
it go grandpa
mama yeah where grandpa's hair go
Jackson what a morning it has been very
very good Thank You Ellie for taking
care of the kids
she's upstairs with Calvin right now
they're taking a little nap Jackson is
taking a little nap I've been my office
all day working on some very fun stuff
I've been transposing a lot of music
from piano to guitar and ukulele for a
project that we're working on next week
and I'm excited to tell you a little bit
more about that when that comes a little
bit later but for now most of my work is
done for the day I'm waiting for some
information from a few people to finish
some stuff that I've been working on but
in the meantime I've got something very
important to do I'm watching BYU and I'm
flipping between BYU and the Ohio State
game we just ordered a pizza and this is
awesome I think it's just so fun
Saturday sit down watch some football
okay what do you want to do
you wanna dance can you dance dance with
buzz
go get buzz and dance with buzz everyone
is awake from their naps Jackson is
doing pretty good
Calvin is just cruising around the whole
floor are you getting woody go get woody
Ellie Ellie tell me what you're doing
tonight tonight you're sure yeah so
it'll be up right now while you're
watching it I'll have a link to it down
below and Ellie's on Ellie's YouTube
channel it's honestly it's so funny let
me show you a picture this is one of the
screen shots from my sibling Q&A that I
did with my family so it's up on my
channel and it answers who's the oldest
how many siblings are ages about our
child's head like me and all my siblings
in one video yeah it's a lot of fun
we've just been having a really good
time watching some football BYU is
leading 31 to 3 Alabama's ahead 49 to 0
oh hi oh say in Michigan are tied 7 to 7
but you already know this the game is
already done by the time you're watching
it pounding some pizza having some fun
can have a high five oh it's just like
no I just want some more pizza we have
been kind of relaxing today trying to
get Jackson just to rest I called the
doctors enough another place to talk to
them about him meeting his head
yesterday cuz he is acting of course
he's okay now but you can see it hit his
eye and his nose
run into us Oh and now how much crying
yeah and pretty much we've just been
told that just keep an eye on him and
but we've had a couple incidences today
that have been kind of rough so Jared's
just once again holding both his boys
what daddy kiss give me kiss
he's looking at Calvin's buttons and say
Bob I know he likes it my ear about this
ball walking down this aisle gets me so
excited for the holidays Ellie doesn't
it you like that's it like look there's
a train
look there's a giant Santa Claus 5.8
feet tall that's like as tall as I am
let's see 5.8 could do look a little
conversion yeah somewhere around there
but like I think we should get
decorating pretty soon I feel like Ellie
cause I'm getting in the spirit I'm
getting in the spirit are you in the
spirit Jackson I can't remember if I've
asked you this before not only but in
our new house would you rather have a
ping-pong table a foosball table or a
pool table or a basketball hoop I think
if ping-pong is the fun I think a
ping-pong probably get the most use yeah
hello I think pool is like I think pull
is something you have to think more
about but I think I think just any of
those things you know what they do Ellie
you know what they have they have those
ping-pong tables where underneath is the
pool table maybe we should get one of
those
Jackson what do you think you have
football let's get a football field in
our backyard
oh we got to get it can you reach it can
you reach it
good job one of the doctors
recommendations that we got today was
just kind of take it easy with Jackson
let him just lounge around don't get his
heart rate up too high keep him out of
you know tons of sunlight and everything
so Jackson what he watch him buzz they
said just let him watch a movie kind of
take it easy so that's what we're doing
oh yeah it's been great and Calvin
you're eating some more vegetables
you're getting so good he's expecting it
oh it's still a little sour huh still a
little new I wish I would have done this
with Jackson is because everything I've
given Callan so far I mean I love baby
for you to know how it is you know
uh-huh
but I wanna make okay this little phase
you wish you and I made more food yeah
I've never made Jackson a sweet potato
and giving it to him but not like a
freshman full of his faces there you go
that's a good one do you think so should
we get a little more mushy
yeah do you want some yeah say gum you
want some okay there you go
now chew it yeah you have some to chew
it don't swallow you keep chewing Chomp
Chomp Chomp
is that good gum do you like it oh I'm
so glad you care about your dental
hygiene brushes his favorite things
perfect we were actually talking about
this early earlier in the six months
although almost six months
Calvin has been alive this is the first
bath I have ever given him
yeah always giving him a bath but this
is so much fun like I love it he is just
so it's not because I said no no it's no
it's because it just hasn't worked out
that way I've gotten Calvin or Jackson
and you've gotten Calvin and everything
and but yeah he is just like looking up
and smiling at me and he's just loving
it he is just loving it let's hold that
hand let's see what happens what happens
when I hold this hand right back yet
again seriously why are you so happy all
the time
I love it turned hot I'm like in like a
little ball like this and laid him down
and he let go of his hand
nyah-nyah you are so cute
Ellie how do we get so lucky to have
such stinking cute kids Jackson you're
so stinking cute to me there's nothing
sweeter than a baby falling asleep in
your arms and that's what I just did
with Calvin we cuddled and I got him to
sleep we are trying to see how long this
lasts it was a good relaxing day we want
to thank you guys for all the well
wishes that you have sent to us for
Jackson we're keeping a very close eye
on him and I'm kind of a sad day
actually though but we're doing exactly
what the doctors have asked us to do so
we'll keep you posted on that but thank
you for the well wishes it does mean a
lot and we're giving them lots and lots
of kisses Emily and I'm gonna give you a
lots of good rest we want to thank you
guys for watching the video today we
appreciate it and we hope you guys have
an awesome day be sure to check out
yesterday's video one year ago and
there's my sibling Q&A that will be up
as you guys are watching this I'll have
link to it down below so funding oh my
gosh hi Ellie was laughing while she was
editing she was laughing at herself
laughing and I was laughing at herself
laughing at herself is that crazy
yes and I hope you guys are laughing at
me laughing at her laughing at herself
thanks for watching the vlog today guys
we'll see you next time
