good morning guys cuz ya la yeah we have
the car all packed up we are ready to go
Jackson's got his ball we're gonna go
spend as a day with family
in the game oh hi Jackson look at your
cousin's hi nice he's a chunk
he's a chunk look how big he is a big
boy what is she like what's it like yeah
are you doing oh wow like he's dead yes
well the last time these kids were
together they weren't even like similar
but now it's like she's grown up yeah
okay it's my turn
looking for me no no dad not not right
you go finish working I just can't even
for me if this things go on for days
right mark get set go yeah my baby's
trying to win ah Calvin again get him
look at all of these shoes this means
there is a party at Grandma and
Grandpa's I just got my treat when Julie
is in town I Billy is in town it is when
the real party starts because that means
we are all together and when joy is in
town it usually ends up that the girls
stay home with the kids because when we
like it anyway and it gives the boys a
reason to go four-wheeling go shooting
do their thing but I said no no not this
time
we are leaving the kids well most of
them and we are going to go get
pedicures so are we all ready to go get
pedicures and eat lunch
yes well respond to wash your video now
with me the cow 1500 miles away watching
oh this is fun we love you
okay thanks I was just holding an SLA
huh she brought the neck cracks and
jewels I'll take her baby I think I'm
going to do 20 - yeah let's kill 20 I
always do so really that's funny I
always do like five or six or seven
color the wider ones yeah everybody is
getting is cooking a glass of water and
they're choosing their fingernail polish
so this is our drink of water we were a
cool I J Calvin to sleep when this is
all the pedicure stuff that she's gonna
do this is so fun this is so fun - all
of my sisters are together and we're all
here being a teacher something that I
really wanted us all to do so I'm glad
that everybody could if I make eye
contact at Calvin he still want me to
pick him up so I just won't make eye
contact as it what is he doing he looks
pretty calm in there I think
okay here's yeah oh so good I think
mom's are the cutest nice and read like
you okay Kay who speaker go
yeah how'd it go Ellie good did you guys
survive did you survive Henry well the
cold without mama and her milk how are
you guys good did you survive whoa
ah
and so good y'all guy aside from the
camera that I'm holding right now should
we walk along the house and show you
what what is going on in mom and dad's
house Cameras Cameras keys but other
judges yeah
here's another camera you have a camera
in your up ya know it's a pushy kids
yes is up there this house you walk
around away either kids keys or cameras
or breastfeeding oh yeah why I was
thinking I was like I should really pull
up the camera because Julie
Bonnie Ellie and Emily what before she
left we're all breastfeeding I think at
the same time it was just like oh my
goodness now we just all need to like
switch kids one day rotate - now that
the situation is calm even owner Jackson
it scared the life out of me passed out
tonight put on your ally for the first
time why do you say the chickens he was
so white and his lips were blue oh it
scared me I got in a little accident
with a chair here listen can I was your
ally can you show us where your how he
is with your ally
is this your ally and Jackson I tell you
his strongest kid he very rarely cries
even when he gets hurt oh hell we got
really hurt huh ally
do you have an owie hey things looking
up again wait where's your ally
oh here can I can I wash your ally can
you wash Maui let's go get some fish hey
do you want something really scary for
me oh yeah well you were freaked out
when I know the role on the kids face
when they lose their breath but I was
wait I was coming in
everybody we got in here he had already
passed out let's review and chairs right
there behind me
howdy hey can you wipe your nose wipe
your nose oh not my nose silly wipe your
nose your nose how can you wipe your
nose I know silly
wipe your nose when you get together
with family one thing that you have to
do is take pictures so right now we're
trying to take pictures we're trying to
take pictures of all the kids who are
born in the same year or the same group
of kids and this is a giant shuffle it
is herding cats I think and I think this
is the funniest part right here trying
to get because of smiles probably the
funniest part about it good job Cooper
shut it down my version belly button
where's your belly button
Jackson where's your belly button sure
you're Gerber smile I feel like we might
have a little bit more control with
these guys here but we'll have to see
when the camera starts coming up and
then we have the youngest one we go oh
my preciousness of everything that he
creates texaco get out of that Jackson
get it that field is groovy kid I have
12 grandkids under the angel so these
guys are all four years old and then
we've got two more groups of four
deterred huh and I'm gonna think why
didn't I say this this this I'm gonna
stop you I under oh my gosh I just
remember being nervous gesture took the
camera boys always pause happy about
something good what you can always just
stop and think and yeah yeah I hope you
guys are excited as I am to see the
video that we just filmed we just
wrapped up filming with Ellie's siblings
and it's gonna be amazing I think there
was more laughs in the past 20 minutes
then in a long time it was great a big
happy Anniversary to you too tomorrow I
hope you guys have something fun planned
for just you guys he's 35 years that's
awesome
you know this the next couple weeks are
going to be really really awesome
landing and Julie are in town we've got
some really cool things coming up I've
got some big collaborations coming so
make sure you guys are subscribed so you
don't miss it it's gonna be awesome
we'll see you guys next time bye what
are you doing awake
