is this how it's always going to be are
we the early risers in the house I think
we are good morning guys and I am on my
way to my second dentist appointment
they're working on this side of my face
yeah I know seems huh I have to give me
a few shots and I have the biggest
headache I woke up so early I have the
biggest headache I just heard that dump
truck going by and I was like Jared you
gotta take the garbage out go get the
garbage so like Jared jumped out of the
bed of his Diddy's Skippy's your brand
go get the trash out so you're having a
good start to our day
you
oh good morning snuggles
I love morning snuggles hi my next a
close Jackson Oh what are you doing
I just hate guys clothes I yeah yeah hey
you want your blanket okay
Ellie has been at the dentist for over
an hour and a half and I know I know
she's just like pores Oh over here she's
been sending me text messages she's like
they found another one they found
another one I got another shot
oh crap I feel really bad for her so
Calvin is in bed he's all dressed and
everything but he's in he's in bed
asleep
Jackson is all ready for the day he's
just watching a little Elmo right now he
loves a Telamon oh my gosh he loves Emma
and I am making a little soup for Ellie
she is craving some chicken noodle soup
so I'm making that for her and as soon
as she gets here I'm gonna draw her a
bath at least that's what I want to do
we'll see what she wants when she gets
home so that's what I'm doing I want to
make sure my wife's taken care of okay
guys that's what I'm trying to do here
take it why because I love her so I know
like babe you got to show your face her
so bad oh I smell the dentist in your
mouth is that bad I like smella
you're true extras to extras so like he
was why do you hustle me cavitate you
floss after I floss every morning you
went to television um oh I know I've
lost every morning I thought about
having Calvin I wake up like two or
three times a night and I'm always
snapping on crackers nuts fruit snacks
they love the way you turn uh and he
goes honestly my wife were the same way
you just eat a lot more
eh so oh did you miss mommy
hi do you feel like do you feel like you
just got Oh today mm-hmm I'm sorry
my company like foresaw Oh tell you wait
what okay new what do you wanna thank
you should shoot you sound like doing
the game after I see ah - laughs
 yeah I'm cool
she DeShazer yes he smell my ha ha ha ha
I kind of feel bad doing this but it was
100% le suggestion she wants me to film
her eating soup well I wonder who was
like you want to see what you you got
he's listening then go get mine keep no
biting your cheek is literally the worst
I hate when I buy my cheek because my
body is like oh you bet your change I'm
gonna swell up so you can bite me again
I think you should go go sorry I'm not
to get us I don't think alright my treat
wait wait isn't that counterintuitive to
what we were just trying to fix should
you be having a Slurpee after five
Japanese no like Ellie of course I'll
get you is Lurky that I can't eat this
ooh can I have one - no like a job with
you or fruit smoothie do you want to buy
them in my flew
Oh Calvin the tickle monsters coming
the tickle monsters coming at the tickle
mother's coming
ya mean with your eyes closed oh yeah
peekaboo yeah you did it your chicken
poop on ya is real gross you are my pum
pum rum pum pum pum pum renfa
bahahahahahaha
just threw the giraffe hey where's the
sheep which one's the Sheep Jackson you
know what does the Sheep say you taste
the dog there's the other dog where's
the cow where's the cow
who's the count or is he saying horse is
everything what does the cow say yeah
there's the Sheep what does the Sheep
say yeah that's right can I just say
that I have loved today despite the
dentist I've liked having a lazy day I
love that it's four o'clock and that I
am still in my row but I did you have
you had a rough day at the day was about
your denture being in that robe a little
bit well thank you I just made my very
first ever sweet potato and I'm going to
see if my little sweet potato will eat
it look at the reach
I feel like I need to like put in his
mouth please
and he's thinking about it like what in
the world this new dad did you hear
Jackson c11 give him a Dorito I did I
gave her a doodad Dorito you like that
oh I was liking the option that what
we're doing oh hey
so the last two videos that Ellie and I
have filmed with this camera right here
we've used this microphone and for some
reason if you watch my Apple TV video on
my channel youtube.com slash Jared
Meachem the audio changes halfway
through and it's totally different it
doesn't sound near as good and now in
Ellie's video the audio is just really
bad well I was looking at it and I was
like what's going on is the mic going
out or something but you know it comes
on and turns on and everything so I
don't know if it's a battery issue but
something is going on to where this is
not using the it's it's using the the
camera audio and not the microphone
audio so I'm experimenting right now to
see if I can fix it because Ellie's
family is coming into town tomorrow
Landon and Julie from out of town and
Ellie's going to film a video with all
of her siblings and so I use like crap
we need to make sure that this is
working so we have great audio for that
video so that's what I'm doing right now
wish me luck I had a little bit of a
heart attack it wasn't too terrible but
I was getting really nervous there for a
second um I couldn't figure out anything
to fix the the microphone or the camera
and that was my biggest worry is that
the camera would be bad so I was like
crap if the worst case about the
microphone is that the battery goes bad
or the microphone is just bad and I have
to get a new microphone certainly not
near as bad as a brand new camera
turns out I'm a total noob when it comes
to this kind of stuff and the audio
settings on the DSLR are different when
you're on auto than when you're on
manual for some reason when I was
filming the Apple TV video the camera
switched from manual to something
different and the sound just was
terrible and I just didn't even realize
to check when we were on Ellie's video
that was on manual I switched the camera
to manual was able to get my original
sound settings back in place I don't
think I had to buy a new camera that
would have sucked this is the dollar
that grandma gave you you need to put it
in your piggy bank
push it down good job now look you see
it in there pop look now it's right
there
do you see it mm-hmm Jackson you just
added a whole dollar to your piggy bank
say you say buh-bye nah give me kiss can
you get a camera kiss good yeah we're
gonna watch a show at a time with you
we're going to like weird we just
started the person of interest Bonnie
said she really liked it we've watched
like two episodes last night so we're
gonna watch an episode I really like it
you fell asleep I fell asleep cause I
was so tired I know okay thank you guys
for watching be sure to hit the thumbs
up and I'll see you guys next time
yeah see you tomorrow is gonna be really
exciting all my yeah see you tomorrow
member
