I shouldn't film this I know I shouldn't
I know I shouldn't I know I shouldn't
yeah but this is parent life I know I
should not have done that that Jared is
going to the bathroom I'm not even
dressed yet
cheers go to the bathroom in scrying and
he ran to me tear life oh my gosh
whoo what a whirlwind of a morning I am
feeling quite a bit better today which
is fantastic I just got off the phone
with my parents and apparently there was
a giant like windstorm last night where
Ellie are you where are you Ellie you in
here are you decent to have clothes on
Oh Jackson are you in here come here bud
apparently there was a giant windstorm
at my parents house last night and they
are expected to have the power out for
like three or four days I'm like oh my
gosh that's crazy so I'm just you know
was just calling them to make sure that
they're doing all right we've got a big
day ahead of us Ellie come here come
back here Ellie you are looking fine
today you are looking beautiful I got to
take your cotton okay we have a big day
ahead of us so I have to get my clothes
off and up in the shower because we are
going to be driving down we've got three
big important meetings today and so I'm
excited it's gonna be a big day it's
gonna be exciting today so thanks for
coming along and we're gonna drive in
the car I hope you guys like car rides
cuz we're gonna go on a couple of that
car ride Brodrick sometimes I think some
silly things
well they might seem silly to you but
they're like completely legitimate to me
I was thinking today I was in the shower
I was like gosh it really is important
to take the time and prep your face it's
very important to have a good
preparation when you shave and a good
blade when you shave those are probably
the two most important things for when
you shave you guys know that we work
with Harry's and I get really excited
when the box of Harry's comes I I rip
through the box today it's important to
take the time and prep your face when
you shave and everything so and then
with a really great fun cool razor blade
I think it does anyway but I'm going to
shave today I'm going to take the time
and prep my face if you guys want to get
a shaving kit like the one that I use
almost every single day I'll have a link
to it down below Harry's calm if you
guys use the promo code Ellie and Jared
you'll get five dollars off something
like the Truman set so I'm only 15
dollars but you get it for ten bucks
it's an awesome awesome holiday gift for
your friends for your spouse for your
significant other for your dog not your
dog but maybe your dog I don't know if
your dog has a beard but yeah check it
out I honestly hope shaving as a hobby
of mine I enjoy it I enjoy taking the
time to prep my face shave with a good
brazier it's great so check out the link
down below for an awesome shaving kit
for five dollars off and use our promo
code there you have it looks pretty good
to me
I had another thought just now you guys
have seen way too much of me first you
see me on the toilet with Jackson now
I'm not wearing any clothes Jared you've
got to put some clothes on you're crazy
we just got to our friends house at but
Jared is downstairs on a little
conference call right now and I just
figured out something that what Calvin
really likes Calvin loves huh are you
ready
wait cheer he loves to do airplane I
could not believe he is old enough to do
this si bite cute wait I cannot believe
it a big hair getting ready to throw it
to me
that's it the chimes out put your arms
out
oh this toys really cool oh my like that
so over what about this one oh wait no I
like this toy this one's really cool oh
well actually he seriously like he
doesn't know what what to do he should
play with this for this he loves this
thing he's so confused
right so many toys on this hi Josh so
excited to see you plays you tonight
Naomi poor Jackson I was loving so hard
we we were getting into the car to get
his coat and he's like oh I don't want
to go for a two-hour go right again
Jackson we're just getting your coat and
hat so you could swing whoa Jackson do
you like to swing oh you're all done
oh you are do you want to swing next to
Naomi yeah oh you do you want to swing
next to Naomi we we have a major parent
fail I feel like such an idiot
we totally left Jackson's shoes at home
luckily Mike and Ashley are awesome and
they have lots of kids and that makes
them awesome because they have lots of
shoes around the house Jackson Jackson
Jackson is running around with those
shoes might be a little big he's a size
5 and those are a size 7 but it'll work
improvisation
that's how it works ok you ready to be
free and have some fun go be free and
have fun are you having fun
basketball do you want this then you
have to have this first say goodbye take
one bite do you want this do you want
this yeah okay open your mouth build
switcheroo and I didn't work one more
time let's try it one more time okay
look do you want this okay okay okay you
want it open your mouth we're making
such a mess I'm so say I have to say
there's never a dull moment when you
have kids right am i right
what did you have to what happened she
had to go to the bathroom Savannah's be
using the boys I'll keep like our water
bottles in the carton right right Dumb
and Dumber with the beer bottles Linda
I've done it a hundred times
Ziploc bag that's a new one
oh my gosh that's a good mommy moment
right there but right now we're dealing
with a major blowout from Calvin look
where is it
Oh show me the other side other side
right here oh jeez we don't have
anything with us we just have a couple
of wipes you don't have anything to
change them into luckily we're like at a
mall so I'm gonna go run and grab them a
little outfit okay
I'll be back okay let's see here I think
yes this'll do just fine okay I can go
back to dinner a hero I'm back yeah we
can close our naked baby now but what is
that Clio and he's eating it and it was
like his blowout le that's awesome she's
preparing the recipe for later
yeah healthy but I was just gonna say I
hope we have more diapers it's funny
because I brought him an outfit and I
left it in our car that we're just
leaving things all over the place today
le yeah
here we go when did you get into it
after permission
he's reaching for it I know he loves
that you use any software any companies
to to see it a turn
look at her he's fine she's like getting
his all in and do it let me love that oh
yeah
goodbye I try to get it inside this is
like his first real food la Joel's gonna
move old like the first time he's
actually eating it
oh yeah well don't I feel like the
biggest horse's patoot we didn't even
end the vlog last night I can't believe
it we are all over the place we made it
home safe and sound think we got the
kids to bed it's been a great morning if
you guys didn't see on snapchat Ellie
took over my snapchat yesterday I'll
have a link to it down below it's just
my name Jordan meek and be sure to
follow me there because we're doing some
fun stuff there so thank you guys so
much for watching the video today we'll
see you guys next time bye
member
