well this is not what our mornings
usually look like I'm not gonna lie I
kind of like it
um Jarrod wasn't feeling of the greatest
this morning and so he's actually
editing in bed and Jackson is sitting so
well just by him watching him
he's been here for like 20 minutes just
just sit in and I brought in his magnets
and put him in there she put him in
there he's been putting magnets in a
little it's kept him busy good morning
today is definitely going to be an
interesting day to say the least I am
not feeling very well
my insides want to become my outsides
but I'm not sure which direction they
want to go yet Jackson are you gonna be
a good boy for daddy today no he wants a
kitty hello this kid I've got the two
boys today Ellie is at the dentist Ellie
has a lot of work that she needs to get
done at the dentist so I have no idea
how long she's going to be there so boys
looks like it's just you and me you just
woke up from your nap and you're so
happy okay let's go have some fun as
long as it doesn't involve my insides
becoming my outsides
that's an that'd be good well I did it I
just got back from the dentist
can you tell jumpin smiley yeah he's
flying himself
Jared's like oh I don't really notice
how can you not notice look at it how
can you not notice that I just got back
from the dentist I'm going to give you
guys a close-up of my teeth I got four
cavities done on my right side and
Thursday and getting a few done on my
left side and I was talking to the
dentist about Invisalign because I feel
like my teeth have shifted a lot
especially the past few years and he
definitely agreed like I just like just
like my bottom teeth are kind of crowded
and my top front teeth are really nice
and straight but the sides are kind of
going inwards and they're having an
awesome promotion on their Invisalign
right now so I had them x-ray me or
whatever they needed to do for the trays
so I think I'm going to be getting
Invisalign I'm very very excited because
I like my teeth but I have noticed that
they've changed a lot and so I'm excited
to kind of get some work done and make
them a little bit more better but this
guy he was asleep when I left
and Jared didn't even need to feed him a
bottle but you probably won't have taken
anyway so he was good so I got to go
feed him good go now Oh Jared you just
were not filmed that well I
I'm trying to do the best that I can um
I had fun with the boys today while
you're at the dentist good um and I
worked with someone
our landlord came over and I he's like
can you can you make me a video I was
like yeah sure what's up he's like I
have all these pictures and clips and
can you put them together yeah of course
so we did that so we hung out for a
little bit now I'm tired again okay I
made this for lunch and for dinner this
is such a yummy meal and I plan on doing
a video on that soon on my channel I'm
gonna go get Jackson he's being naughty
I gotta go to him to go back to bed
Jackson honey that is naughty okay let's
get you cleaned up that's not that's
naughty okay I should just call you a
Boston yeah but paste all over your face
let me see you I got my pure fur that is
a ball got a wipe the up look I'll lay
with you me okay
I don't lazy every once in a while on
the vlogs we have a very very special
guests and today is no different Ellie
we have a very special guest with us
today guess who it is ready I think
you're wrong it's Olivia how are you
doing today
good how is school Oh looks like you
just woke up from your nap buddy huh
Bonnie and Joel are out doing some fun
stuff or finding Bonnie's birthday and
so we were watching Olivia for a little
bit she's gonna party with us today are
you so excited I'm actually really
excited to have her with us we're gonna
go run a few errands and the more the
merrier we're burning some time in this
really cool store right now and this is
something Olivia wanted to do is ride
the bikes but I want to see if Jackson
can do it
Olivia will show you how much crunch
look at her feet and then lift your feet
up your skir well I was more worried
about her skirt than anything she
resumed what I was right about your
skirt more than anything that's okay
yeah he says I know he knows how you
want to try you be careful there skirt I
don't want to rip and have your mommy
get mad at me
he was like excited fairly talking he's
not tall enough yeah not quite
oh just a little hair short fat green
ones pretty small well yeah I did right
Jesus does no learn come on let's try to
get ejected go try to get help
let's try one more time Jack and I'll
hold ya okay walk with it keep going
he's not sitting at haha good job Olivia
you're good teacher Olivia look look at
mom go
meanwhile Calvin's like all the way up
you lifted them do it again lift him up
Oh Symmetra be good job hey Olivia you
cannot go to a store with that LA and
not pick out a tree so we're gonna pick
out a tree what one looks good to you mm
too many don't I get double dipped
chocolate Oh Jackson where did dad go
you could pick one out too
come here Stars just tie my shoes that
sounds like a good idea did you make
them
okay what did you get okay you got those
jacks would you get sure mama
oh those are good we can share them
these are all I got
yummy Oh every time I just wanted to
film you and you have to you have to
jump around cuz I'm excited we ghost
woods
yeah just do what you're doing here
sorry
and then I was gonna say Jared you are
so cute
what was I not cute when I was doing
though you were but I just is my
cuteness level go down Jared I have a
lot of fun with you especially when you
buy us enough stuff because we're gonna
go in our new backyard and go sledding
when it snows well it's funny because
apparently when we were talking to all
the neighbors are like yeah we're kind
of excited for someone to move in but
not really because I was a designated
sledding hill and we're like we're still
gonna go sledding guy I get first dibs
though cause it's my place now well
Olivia if you think aunt Ellie is the
cool one for getting you treats wait
till you meet Uncle Jared who brings you
a pizza pizza Jackson say pizza yeah
it's just fun you know it's it's just
fun to do this kind of stuff every once
in a while do you love it Olivia do you
love Anna Lee do you love it Jackson
yeah well boys looks like the ladies
have left us and it's just you me and
Dupree whoo Oh Jackson you're quite the
daredevil aren't a you're just like I'm
just gonna jump off this couch yes it's
just the boys Allah Allah took olivia to
go home so we're gonna play a little bit
more before we have to go to bed yeah do
you want to play a little bit before we
go to bed yeah you do oh oh that's it
Jackson dude keep flight later to the
rescue
what yeah oh hey hey I love you ha hey
mama mama hey Dad that big-ass a YouTube
Hey
hey YouTube hey comes up
tell me thumbs up say football ha say
basketball Kelvin is on me tell me what
laughter you're so cute okay both the
kids are in bed I think I am going to go
ahead and call it a night a little bit
earlier than we normally do I still
haven't been feeling all that great so
I'm gonna get the video edited and get
to sleep as soon as I can just because
we've got a big day tomorrow
we're gonna be traveling a little bit so
thank you guys so much for watching the
video today be sure to hit the thumbs up
button if you enjoyed it and if you guys
aren't subscribed be sure to hit the
subscribe button it just lets you know
whenever we put up a new video which is
every single day so be sure to hit that
subscribe button also if you're on
mobile hit the little alarm button and
that tells that notifies your phone
whenever we put up a video so thanks for
watching guys we'll see you tomorrow bye
