you know how you're told when you have a
baby that if things are really hectic
and you're very stressed out you put the
baby in a safe spot in the crib and you
go away for five minutes and just
breathe that way you can have control of
the situation well that is what I have
had to do with Jackson today I had to
put him in his room and close the door
for just a few minutes so I could just
control myself I think he is happier yep
I think he is happier and I'm happier
you just getting some lotion on
I love where we get to the point where
we visit places enough where Jackson
knows exactly where to go
and that's exactly this gonna happen so
I'm gonna set him down right here in
this hallway and he is gonna run through
here where's he going where's he goin
where to go noise it go to get the
ground what's it gonna go oh there it is
usually he runs right right for the toys
but he's looking for that horse
oh is that you have but he's playin
yeah peekaboo laughs peekaboo yeah
peek-a-boo peek-a-boo it is oh yeah
keep going keep going
Jackson are there you go
and he's out
I swear a small poop I think it's
Jackson did he poop again
I swear I keep going with
is it the store what do I smell it who
oh I'm kidding
do I know it must be the store I think
the smell visit the chiropractor - I
kept thinking we smell let me see your
feet nope
ah great are we the stinky people le are
we're the stinky people I've gone my
whole life trying to avoid being a
stinky person but now I'm the stinky
person yeah yeah we're talking about you
two buddies every time we walk by this
person Jackson says something so I'm
gonna see if we can
Hey
it's funny other subjective
this is this is crazy guys this is so
crazy we just got back from grocery
shopping and everything I put Jackson
down for a nap Ellie put Calvin right
where his binky is like right here while
she got some of the grocery stuff done
look where he is right now you did that
all by yourself
he's so proud that was like how did you
enough right there hi all my meat out
for my freezer look at all of this meme
Wow
perhaps that's awesome but yeah he he is
a mobile kid he's a movin and groovin
you're a movin and groovin oh look at
that smile melted my heart Calvin
do you realize how many hearts you just
melted thousands thousands of hearts
have been melted today guys I apologize
if your heart was melted sometimes it's
very important to have a business
partner when you are working to keep
your head level to make sure you're not
doing too many things are too crazy to
kind of keep you in boundaries and make
sure everything's good and in the
direction that you need to be going
that's exactly why I have Calvin here
he's my business partner I'm gonna make
sure we media dot some T's and cross
some eyes can you do you're gonna be my
business partner today should we answer
some emails have some fun I love you oh
we need to change your diaper first you
waste under your be stinky you're so
stinky well we already have a little bit
of a dilemma
Jackson is asleep Ellie has the diaper
bag and Ellie is gone we don't have any
diapers for Calvin and he just pooped so
Calvin I think it's time we potty
trained you and we don't have to use any
diapers no I'm improvising I'm thinking
smart right thank you very smart so we
just went to the grocery store we've
just bought a bunch of diapers they're
in the garage fee issue is that they
might be I don't know Jackson's diapers
so Calvin you're gonna be wearing a big
boy diaper until mom gets home hope
that's okay with you it'll be
comfortable I promise that'll be
right you okay with that yeah good boy
go Jackson go go Jackson go now he plays
on it yeah oh man it's been a while
since I've booted this thing out fun
Jackson you want to hop on might get on
now he's like no I'm not I said enough
we're getting rid of the treadmill this
guy served his purpose for us and now
we're giving it passing off to someone
who might use it a little bit more than
us it'll be in good hands guys yeah
we'll use it a lot Davey and April have
come over we're going to load up the
treadmill we're gonna do something more
important dinner dinner dinner okay
ready
you know you live and Logan you know you
live here I was just gonna say like fine
mr. go how are you doing Oh
hungry anyone want some hamburgers
that's a joke that's we live in a very
small town lots of our area yes you know
and that was done a lot of times you'll
see even tractors down the road but
though the first yeah that was the first
where do you think hamburgers come from
I haven't never seen that before but bad
my career so I was like hey mr. cow
how's the hay and I said don't do the IB
be nice to the cows eat more chicken
chick-fil-a ding old frog this is not a
paid advertisement for chicken is my mom
I see what it is
we opened it Jackson what okay ready to
open it yeah do you want to pull it what
what is that
can you pull that out huh yeah I know
what it is oh grandma she made this oh
I'm stuffed
gobble tell you what a pillow case so
okay and this is a really cute like oh
yeah grandma made it she looks she cut
these out and probably in systems done
it's a fun little fall theme hang this
up yeah what do you say to Grandma I say
thank you you say thank you thank you
grandma
good job I am so close to being done
with all of my chores for the day but
there's one last thing it's probably the
dirtiest it's probably the worst so once
you guys come along and watch me do it
it's gonna be great our hour is
completely clogged and I need to unclog
it it's it's not going to be pretty are
you ready for this because it's about to
get really nasty
okay I'm all done that was nasty
it's enough that it's not good we should
do it sooner than later because that's
nasty this is like all postpartum hair
loss telly do you want to see the
grossest part of our bathroom I see it
and it reeks oh thanks the whole
bathroom is just like lashing out smells
like crap are you gonna fix that tonight
yeah I gotcha tub gets cleaned oh that's
disgusting you know what there's like
it's like all conditions that's my hair
that's a postpartum hair Emily I'm
cleaning this bathtub for you so you can
make it all smell fresh with lush
goodness that's what I'm doing right now
just clean wait burn burned and now my
friends is how you clean the dirtiest
part of your bathroom that was sick that
I walked out of this bathroom because I
put all my lush balls away and it smelt
good and now it smells like crap well
it's that's going to change here a
second the kids are on bed Ellie is
going to take a delicious bath and I'm
gonna go downstairs and I'm gonna stream
a video game thank you guys for watching
the video today we hope you enjoyed it
I'll see you guys tomorrow
yay for bubble bath
