Jackson do you wanna go see grandma okay
let's go see grandma hey guys we just
got out of church and Ellie had the
wonderful idea she said you know what
let's go visit your grandma and I said
you know I think that's a wonderful idea
so thank you Ellie we just made the big
drive after church we're gonna go see
grandma and see how she's doing
so we're here at Grandma's house and we
have been chatting and the first thing
that I noticed is just how beautiful you
look and how much of a change has
happened in just a few days grandma you
look so wonderful you look so good how
are you feeling I'm doing lots beaver
good and it's a miracle hell my face is
oh yeah if you just look so beautiful
grandma I just it's it's just it's crazy
to see the difference I mean if you guys
remember when we visit her the first
time community now compared to what it
was in the beginning oh really oh man
yeah well I just I'm glad that you know
we're close enough that we can just come
up and say you know what let's take the
hour drive and we'll go see grandma see
how you're doing
yeah that just goes to show how special
my kids are oh well we wouldn't be so
special if you weren't so wonderful now
I I've got to come and give you a kiss
oh good well we like giving them Jackson
you want to give grandma a kiss give me
a kiss
Jackson is the funniest whenever we come
in here he's like he gets really shine
he's like no I don't I don't I don't
want to say hi to Graham I don't want
Olivia groan and then you know the toys
come out Jackson ran oh grandma has
candy then he starts warming up to
Grandma quite a bit and he's like
grandma look at this toy that I found
grandma look at this toy that I found so
Jackson are you having fun to Grandma
grades yes grandma Hey yeah you doing
guys I'm doing good still looking sharp
Jared and it's late at night and I'm
still looking sharp Ellie's looking at
me like I'm crazy
jelly stain yourself I said no kids
you're better get my robe on we just got
home we were just visiting some family
and now is the perfect time for us to
finish to dwell to start to do our
Sunday QA if you guys didn't know every
Sunday we are gonna start doing a little
bit more engaging things than like a
one-take Sunday we're gonna do q and A's
Sunday QA days what we're gonna do so
Ellie has some questions and I have some
questions that you guys have submitted
via Twitter and let's go ahead and get
started and we asked what's one thing
you will have in your new house mmm we
will have a walk-in pantry walk-in
shower and a walk-in closet there is
definitely gonna be a lot of walking in
the house those are some of our
must-haves I I'm like her best I really
want a nice bathroom so I'm like I
really would like a walk-in shower is
that okay yes um Emily asks is there
anything you have done completely
different with Calvin than what you did
with Jackson hmm
and I would say almost everything we've
done differently but not because we've
chosen but just because Calvin is such a
different baby Jackson would sleep
through the night and he was good at
naps and it wasn't just oh he slept
through the night it's just I worked
with him and he did really well and
adjusting yeah um Calvin was Jackson's
confident and and Calvin is sensitive
needs a little more reassurance they're
just you know they're just two different
babies and if we did the same thing with
Calvin that we did Jackson you know just
wouldn't work but I love that I love
that Calvin's cuddly I love that Jackson
is like he knows what he wants he's
independent and busy though and I love
it like I love both sides I'm glad that
we've kind of been doing we've been a
little different with Calvin especially
because we've been a little like Jackson
never slept in our bed never I don't
even think like one night unless he was
like sick sick but Calvin Ellie just
likes cuddling with Calvin better than
she likes cuddling with me so I think
that's what Oh ever count the breast
feeds and not that's different yeah I
guess that would be like that you know
what and that's probably a big thing for
all of this no because I mean if Calvin
didn't breastfeed I would probably doing
a lot more feeding we'd probably be
doing it in the rocking chair it would
change a lot of things I think it's but
I like the way we're doing things yeah
Kayla says what is the first thing
you're going to do in your new house oh
I know exactly
Jared asked me this question like a
month and a half ago when we were
debating on purchasing the lot and I
said uh make chocolate chip cookie
cookies we gotta make that house smell
welcome and warm right yes and we had to
throw an audible here we had too few
players on the court so we had to grab
someone else to make it you know fair -
hey what are you doing I never sleep so
we brought Calvin with us to finish off
this Q&A so Ellie may we have the next
question please
yes Krista asked me what was it like the
first time you met a fan and when
someone noticed you for the first time
in public um the first time we met a
viewer was like four days I think before
we had Jackson I remember this because
we were they we were walking in the mall
it was an Orem Utah and we're like let's
see if we can get this baby like here
moving in the groove and so we were
walking in the mall I do we film I'm
sure we think I think we did yeah and
her name was Jennifer and we were more
excited I'm sure you probably she dared
her a little bit by how excited we were
that someone recognized yeah I picture
with her and put it on my Instagram I'm
sure you could probably find on yes I
believe her name was Jennifer and we
were so excited she was so sweet I'm
sorry yeah so it was probably just like
the first part of January two years ago
how funny is that yeah we were we were
super excited here we dug up that way
Oh
it's great honestly meeting viewers
meeting people who have that connection
with us is honestly like one of our
favorite things and that's why we say if
you ever do see us
please stop us and say hello because we
want to say hi to you as much as you
want to say hi to us well maybe you
don't want to say hi to us all that much
we probably you know definitely we want
to say hi to you so please honestly like
it's you guys are a huge part of this
too you know like come say hello
what questions do I have do you want to
hold the camera and I washed questions
this time Lauren asks both of your
families that are extended are together
and are playing a game what family game
do you play duh sad that I mean heads up
we love the game heads up
it's I've got it right here so I'm like
this you go buddy
Bing Bing Bing I'm really good at I
played it up with fullscreen at VidCon
and we kicked butt well you weren't
there you were there in spirit alley you
were there in spirit spirit fingers okay
next question
do your best impression of a Scottish
accent says Christy okay I have been
working on this I've been trying okay
and I told you you couldn't what I want
you to go first no I'm not doing it do
it sister girl no you are doing it both
to me I'll do it first ten I don't even
know how I probably do British okay
Scottish Scottish I've got a channel
goodnight
no no not even goes okay silver from
silver out silver plate and I a small
problem if you have Nagorny it's not a
problem if you haven't got me what what
else
and that to you Scottish
Scottish accent you go on the top with
you gotta roll your arms a little bit
you got a next question I'm not done yet
I've got to get a go in here with the
score - accent Adam you got to get the
Adam in there and then what what else
would you say with a Scot an accent oh
yeah oh oh yes we just finished visiting
the rallies it was a it was amazing
I don't know I'm terrible let's go -
Zach don't laugh at me that's what I saw
on the Internet
so I don't know how good that is so um
let's see here okay the very last
question is from Elizabeth how do you
stay humble online and offline
I think Jared's dad nailed on the head
because this is what he told us when we
were very first starting YouTube first
off we don't feel any like oh wow we are
so big or what I feel like we almost get
nervous because we feel like we are
examples to a lot of people you need to
hold up that good example so we feel
more nervous than anything but Jared's
dad when we first started YouTube said
you are who you are
and whatever comes we'll only amplify it
right like so in the case of us you know
we we just hit a huge milestone we have
500,000 subscribers and I think having
this platform makes us more of what
we've always been people who come into a
lot of money the money doesn't you know
necessarily change them and makes them
more of what they are they are so if
there are really extremely generous
people that's only gonna make amplify
that same thing with you know having a
platform influence you know those type
of things and so I think that's kind of
the big thing and as a kid you know
that's what my dad put in to me is like
have a positive attitude
be happy be grateful stay humble I would
much rather choose to be humble then be
compelled to be humble does that make
sense
like I'd much rather
stay humble become from humble
beginnings and and stay that way rather
than fall into humility in a way where I
need to learn the lesson I'd rather be
learning as I go then be forced to learn
a lesson if that makes any sense at all
sense so I think that was an awesome
question yeah that was a good question
and I think it's something that we we
strive for every single day is to you
know remember exactly why we're doing
this and you know being an example is a
huge part of why we want to keep doing
this and so yeah so thank you guys so
much for submitting your questions today
for the Q&A the Sunday Q & A we should
probably come up with like a theme song
or something like that that would be fun
anyway guys for you guys it is Monday
take the week make it great
do something awesome do something
amazing have fun because we are - we
want you to come along with us for the
rest of the week doing some amazing
things so if you guys haven't already be
sure to hit that thumbs up button hit
that subscribe button because we're
gonna go on some awesome adventures we
want you guys to come with us we'll see
you next time
say bye wife I see by Calvin say bye
take a night
say good night Kevin
