oh what a fun way to wake up in the
morning Jarrod
I think that is probably the first time
we have done that Jared I am doing lots
and lots of laundry from when we've been
gone and this way had been in somebody's
pants we watched a battery is it
difficult or oh geez look at the
conduction spots that's I can't see yeah
it's not good
dang it Jackson is clearly upset
he's got Calvin stinky I put his new
boots on today oh your blanket that's
what he wants he stills Calvin's binky
he knows he shouldn't okay well now
you're happy let's all finish getting
dressed well it feels like I just got
home I literally just walked in the door
celebrated the wonderful anniversary
with a woman that I love I'm here with
my family
but now the time has come Ellie I have
to leave again
please don't be gone I won't be gone
more than a day I am driving down to
Provo Utah because I'm going to be in a
video with a little-known comedy group
called Studio C they asked me to be in
their next video and so that's what
we're gonna do we're gonna go film and I
have to leave my family again Jackson
again is verbally upset about the
situation
look at this instead he's not looking at
my nose oh my that is your birthstone
yeah got it when you're born and look at
him look at it okay Jackson give me a
hug I've got to go I'm gonna be late
these people are counting on me to be
there I'm sad oh that's my boy I love
you mmm Kelvin is almost six months old
and he has probably taken five or six
many B's seven apps that are two hours
and he's not one to really nap soon he
does I get really nervous
and I go check on him all of the time
and just now I was getting kind of
nervous and I was going upstairs to
check on them and then my door opened up
and Olivia came in yes I know and Olivia
came in I was like what do you want
it looks scared because I was already
kind of like nervous and you're busting
I'll close it but I was just getting
really nervous but I just what I'll come
check on him and he's doing really well
so Bonnie thank you did you just recover
Neha's sounds awesome thank you yes I'm
wearing Ellie's glasses I couldn't find
mine in the car so I have to wear
Ellie's glasses but that's okay it
blocks out the Sun anyway am i right
am i right I've got about an hour and a
half left until I get to my destination
we're almost there guys
cutting down
hello my name is Jared Meachem and I
just finished a two hour drive and I'm
racing to find a bathroom but what else
is new right this is crazy
I've got a poop so bad it's unbearable
it's unbearable guys some bearable well
baby boy your mommy forgot about
Olivia's a party at school and had to
run out the door so if you cry I'm gonna
feed ya I have the milk and I'm gonna
feed you if you cry um poor Bonnie she's
like I feel like my brain is fried and I
was watching Katie on the flip side her
channel the other day and she was saying
about seven months old when Gaines was
seven months old she was kind of feeling
back to herself and normal and I feel
like I'm starting to feel that way and I
don't feel as like crazy in my head
right now and I'm sure bonnie is just
tired and that's how she feels so I'll
be Dukey cry okay okay you cook so sweet
the boys are just sitting here eating a
sandwich and go sit with them eat and my
kids are still sleeping here's the
little-known fact
the music is playing very loud I used to
pole-vault here at BYU
and I'm walking to where we see if
anyone's training right now behind this
cage right here does the pole thing and
this is the runway right here and I
would be right here coaching the women's
team bubble thing with the guys brings
so many memories back these right here
are these boxes and we'd run up here we
plant the pole in there do like little
exercises gosh is crazy brings back so
many memories we love it house smell as
smell is so crazy to me it just lets you
with memories hi Calvin hi
you look like you're to the jail sale
hey hi mister I roll on my tummy
hi do you feel so rested do you feel so
rested
oh I'm sitting in the makeup chair right
now with Janine Janine you're telling me
that my face is draw it's right you have
to ride as this Utah weathers killing my
skin got to get some oil not lotion oil
baby oil this is gel moisturizers you
can try
- a gel moisturizer that's fancy that's
great hey we're gonna go we're gonna go
see if we can hype up the crowd a little
bit yeah I think they're just camera
blocking right okay ready guys ready
come on do this
Hey
oh whoa it was trip that was fun
now I'm tired I just got to Weis house
and we're kind of feeding the babies
hanging out and the kids are outside
playing and I was checking on him and I
was like okay Boston's over there i
Jackson's right here where is Cody
where is potty and I was like calling
for Cody he's over there in the stroller
getting pushed do you want son let's put
them in your pocket love you put him in
your pocket well show me where it is
where's your pocket yeah right there
okay come here
and I'm putting a little Oh fishies in
there oh well now they fell well that
works too
okay well fishies for you little fishies
for you and of course like always do
their breath feeding a baby or changing
their diapers and bodies press feeding
them and you rolled over and you're
playing with your toy yeah Jackson you
porous Alton we're pretty important to
picket effect much better much better
than you will help me on my video we
shook it a genuine get in the ball okay
Oh oh that fellow guy that was like a
they'll have to wait for the video to
come see I can't show you it's too good
hey are you ready for bed are you ready
for bed no yes it's time for bed come on
let's go get a book okay guys are you
ready we are going to read the eight
jolly reindeer I think we are going to
go ahead and say goodbye on our end
jaeseok your mom till really late and so
I'm sure he will tell you tonight when
you get home
ah yeah buh-bye we're all tired
sometimes I think nights are hard as
even when Jarrod is here because yeah I
want to put Jackson to bed and spend
time with him I want to put Calvin to
Ben spent time with him yeah and I can't
and um I just like Calvin down without
laughing and so far he's not crying but
I wanted to come in and just lay with
Jackson for just a minute and just tell
you that is a star up there huh yeah
alright that's a wrap
just
it's going to be great look at this oh
my gosh oh my gosh the rape is real the
hype is real
well guys it's 11:30 and I am finally
driving home we just got out and we had
a really great time honestly it was a
ton of fun filming with Studio C really
really great guys if you guys don't know
they do family-friendly comedy super
exciting for you guys to see what comes
out from the stuff that we've been doing
it probably honestly won't come out
until like March or April so it's gonna
be a while I hope you guys have your
socks on because it's gonna be a while
before they're knocked off but now I'm
just driving home I'm gonna make it all
the way back to my sweet sweet wife
we've got about an hour and 45 minutes
until I get home hi go to bed yeah I
finally made a home and guess what it's
only tomorrow can you believe I made it
home tomorrow instead of yesterday is
that crazy
can you believe Calvin's only woke up
once to eat already oh that must be
feels so good video Santa Claus cuz he's
gonna break in two hours
I'm gonna end up Lloyd thank you guys so
much for watching the video today I hope
you have a wonderful weekend we'll see
you guys tomorrow
oh we're gonna do a Q&A tomorrow
Elliot's Sunday it's gonna be great it's
gonna be real good okay
