good morning guys we got in at 1:00 a.m.
yeah yeah we got home at 1:00 a.m. and I
feel so rested I don't know Mickey Mouse
I don't know if I feel so rested because
I was in my own bed or Jarrod was with
me oh but I slept so about Calvin only
woke up once to eat and he fell right
back asleep
he slept in his bed most of the night I
was just hanging out with me he's going
it I love it yes this looks so cute he's
all cuddling with you
Jackson come here buddy come here who is
that I was not on the TV
who is that that buzz got like yeah
that's buzz say that's buzz hey I have a
surprise for you
do you want something who do you want a
surprise yeah okay you stay right here
I'm gonna go get it in Calvin
I've got a surprise for you too okay
reel reel reel reel
really well yeah
hey buzz yeah this buzz yeah yeah ma
what bbb-baby yeah is it the baby
I've got a surprise just for you are you
ready you want to see it okay look what
I have for you
ah that's bad huh do you like that do
you like this here look hold this what
do you think it was so nice of dad
should we open it yeah but okay so you
hold this can I get a better look at it
Wow that's so nice of you and Calvin we
got you something special too
what did dad get you you ready Calvin No
are you ready look who I got free oh my
gosh that's a big plush toys a big boy
yeah I sneaky like little that's cute
it's something you can grow up with yeah
can can we lay it by him yes it's a
ditch taller than he is okay hey you're
huh just about ha ha ha do you like it
yeah do you want to hold him
this is something that you'll have for a
long time it's me maybe not the best for
now but it'll be no I like it
that's cute Jared howdy partner
my name is woody there's a snake in my
boot call the fire department on the rug
movies somebody's poisoned the waterhole
whoo
and Calvin has his arm over woody Jared
look at that he noticed yeah you like
you worried out a friend who's me you've
got a friend in me I leave it says Andy
on the bottom with road looks rough
ahead and you're miles and miles from
your nice warm bed just remember what
your old pal said yeah you got a friend
in me
do fata yesterday was one of those crazy
days that I think I will remember for
the rest of my life there were so many
things that happened I I couldn't
believe it that it all happened in one
day we went to Disneyland with our good
friends Brian and Missy I gave a
presentation with some of the top social
media influencers in the entire world
like these guys are huge and I was there
that was crazy to me we hit 500,000
subscribers on our YouTube channel and
last but not least I flew back home to
my sweet dear wife yesterday was
absolutely insane now that being said I
think today is gonna be even better
I really do today is our anniversary
Ellie and I have been married for six
years and I am I'm the happiest guy in
the world I dare you to find someone who
is happier than I am who was more
excited to be where they are in their
position and I feel so blessed and and
so grateful to have Ellie as my spouse
to have my two little boys and to have
you guys with us every step of the way
it is it is a huge blessing now we've
got a couple surprises here I've got one
surprise for Ellie that you guys kind of
already know about but then I've got one
surprise for you guys that you have no
idea about and we're going to go do
something very exciting and I can
wait for this day because I think it's
going to be a day that we will remember
forever Jared and I are going to have
lunch somewhere very special and we want
you guys to come along
it is Jared do you remember when you
graduated from college and we went on
the hike and it was we filmed it but we
never posted it was before we started
doing YouTube and we said I wonder what
our future is going to be I wonder with
it
do you remember I do remember that where
are we gonna live
what are we gonna do you know all that
all those questions I asked yeah
we've been married six years today we
have two kids today and today we are
excited to say that we are home this is
our home we cannot wait to have the kids
play in the backyard I cannot wait to
put flowers in the front yard we cannot
wait to put our kids to work and make
them mow the lawn and plant a garden
this is home this is where we're gonna
build our house we're gonna build our
future we're gonna grow our family right
on this property I'm so excited I cannot
wait Ellie this is our land this is our
property this is our spot and Jackson is
playing with a neighbor's dog he knows
this place too well we've been here a
lot a lot over the past four months and
this is awesome what do you think Ellie
was at a pretty good surprise oh yeah
that's not the only surprise that we
have today
we have one more surprise and it's just
for you
Jarrid you'd have to do that I know I
wanted to Wawa Jared hey I love them
what is it
we've I've always talked about diamond
earrings because a diamond is my
birthstone and I always thought I just
had there's one of one nice pair of
diamond earrings those are really pretty
well let's see him what do you think you
like him those are very pretty and
they're not just like a diamond that has
those are very beautiful do you like it
I love them happy anniversary yeah I'm
kind of shocked I hope I don't I'm just
kind of like cuz we said that this was
it yeah thank you you're welcome
I love you so much I love them happy
anniversary this is the best out of her
yeah we have a property like we're gonna
build a house you're gonna get your
walk-in closet of it because that that's
exactly I meant to say you're getting
your walking show okay put him on let's
see him let's see him in action these
are pretty diamond earrings do you want
to see Jackson companies like what's
going on over here
do you like those chests Jackson easy
her ears you like oh okay how do they
look they look gray Ellie do thank you
oh yeah they're perfect all right let's
get an up-close shot of these bad boys
look at those I like him a lot Ellie
thank you your look
are beautiful they look beautiful on you
beautiful earrings for a beautiful
person
thank you okay what do you think your
backyard this is your playground Jackson
you like it hey yeah oh this is gonna be
a fun backyard
well good morning Jackson baby should we
go see cow
you really wanna go see Calvin huh
right you say hi to your brother say hi
Calvin
oh you want buzz look bus is standing
right there just for you okay grab him
yay hey Jackson I have a great idea
mommy and daddy are gonna go have a very
special night tonight we're going to
have a lot of fun because we've been
married for six years today and guess
what you know what that means for you
you are going to have a special friend
come over and you guys are going to have
pizza for dinner should we go get a
pizza yes a yeah it was quite the debate
whether we are going to leave Calvin
with a babysitter or not
and ended up being he was gonna be our
date - we decided to bring him okay
having a feel I just like sound well we
just got our dreams what are you
drinking tonight my dear mango lemonade
and I am drinking the raspberry lemonade
and we never really order appetizers but
this looks really good we ordered
barbecue shrimp dinner was a mother
delicious and Jared I know this is
really silly cuz it's like a knot raft
or anything really I was supposed to be
the one to have so far it was just
something it's not diamond earrings okay
this is a diamond nose room you know I
want one right here so I can shoot water
out Oh funny and but I know that they're
coming out with a new one in just a few
days so if you exchange it or not it's
okay I just thought it would be really
fun as all with your friends because you
play with your guy friends so
oh are you see yeah
oh my gosh this is the new one yeah I'm
on top of my game oh we can really I
know though right
oh I hate pulling out the camera oh I
don't want to pull it out you got to get
the camera cuz we got to talk about this
we're talking about this on camera le
just so you know okay really
le just ask or I just ask Ellie would
you like a piece of gum and she said yes
I would love a piece of gum I was like
would you like a full piece or a half
piece and she said I would like a full
piece and then I said I will give you
the full piece of gum on one condition
you have to keep this piece of gum in
your mouth
at least until 7:00 p.m. no way yes this
is five minutes and I'm spin Katie - I
don't usually chew gum because of the
noise people but I want a piece of gun
and if I do - it kind of bothers me the
more I've grown up the more it bothers
me when I chew it so well so do you know
what I do
I only take a half like a full piece I
know but look you take a half piece
you're gonna Sencha leelai' so last
twice as long your jaw doesn't hurt near
as bad and then you know it last me as
long Fargo I don't know be done yeah I
can't handle the gun anymore
6:32 it's been ten minutes it's been
what 6:18 yeah
6:18 I think it's out so like 15 minutes
or so good job le good job
what are you doing while you were gone I
was that that was those are the all the
emotions that you went through while I
was gone that's so funny my throat this
is my throat face do you best throw up
sound my best throw up sound how's that
that is that is your throw of sound
that's exactly what it is for those of
you who've been watching for a while
what do you think what do you think our
favorite emoji is Ellie what do you
think what do you think our favorite
emoji is this is definitely our favorite
emoji but the ones I use the most
definitely this one definitely this one
definitely this one those are the ones I
probably use the most I'm really sorry
on our anniversary were just out and
about kind of shop around looking at
stuff Jackson is needing some winter
snow boots and so we are looking at
little snow boots those fun yes that it
just looks so tiny
I think Ellie and I found out a new
activity to do in the mall Ellie go for
it show us how it's done
you're still gone let me try let me
check this is what a good workout Calvin
well that's fast
he liked it he loved it loved it that's
funny
well guys we had a wonderful anniversary
thank you to all those who sent us well
wishes and everything on Twitter
Instagram you do freemen here can you
believe that you still like me after six
years let's make it 16 Oh at least
thanks for watching the video today guys
be sure to hit that thumbs up button if
you haven't subscribed be sure to hit
that subscribe button to its right thing
just let you know when whenever we post
videos and I cannot wait for a future
can you believe we're gonna build a
house there we're gonna bill her couch I
can't believe you we boot it took us
forever to I got lots of information
about that that I'm gonna talk about
later that so exciting but for now we're
gonna watch a show and be together and
I'll see you next time bye oh look a
kiss mmm EJ Ellie and Jared
by travelpod member
