Jared and Ellie you guys just have
500,000 subscribers what are you going
to do next we're going to Disneyland
okay mom and daughter off so it's time
for Jackson and I to say goodbye thank
you guys so much joining me stay
yeah I didn't want to stay at my house
by myself yeah I just wrap the seraphs
I'm out of breath I didn't want to stay
at my house by myself especially knowing
there are at least two or 300,000 people
that know that I'm home alone so I saved
myself at VidCon when Jared went and I
was scared so I stayed at my mom's house
this time so thank you guys it was very
fun Calvin you well thank you Oh cuz you
kept trying to get into it well thank
you mom and dad are off
Jax and I are just going to get ready
for the day and then we have a long day
Toto get Jared so I have a meeting I
just almost sprained my ankle and we
would have had to leave Disneyland
crisis averted holy crap that was scary
so I actually have a meeting later this
afternoon right next to Anaheim Brian is
going to go to the recording studio a
little bit later right next to Anaheim
lakes have a busy day we're gonna be
cool say Anaheim let's just spend the
first part of the day in Deming land
because why not
right oh my god Oh check this out to you
guys oh matching hats when I had to get
Jared a calli hat boy left California
I've never had one of these and I
actually I actually really like the Hat
that's nice thank you for getting up my
frat bro a little souvenir real souvenir
from California okay we're going to
Disneyland the met the happiest place on
earth
Paulie are you ready to go to the
happiest place on earth hey yes say yeah
okay Calvin you you can have some of the
popcorn but mostly for me
yeah jogo ISA popcorn where should we go
drawing on the swings of the trampoline
or the tree house I kind of say over
here
the airplane and I pop some popcorn and
we are outside just hanging out we're
going to lay on the grass fruit being
fall in November it feels really good
outside right now Jackson really is the
toughest little kid I know he fell a
little bit we have some blocks in the
front yard with handprints on cement and
kind of fell and buggered up his face a
little bit and he just was like and he
whined a little bit but then he got over
it real real fast so here a tough little
boy this is a pop coin say popcorn it's
so crazy to me that just over one year
ago Ellie and I were standing on this
compass right here filming this castle
and we were talking about how grateful
we were that we just hit 100,000
subscribers today we're hitting 500,000
high it's it's amazing it's incredible
it's fantastic it's wonderful it's
unbelievable it's awesome thank you guys
so much and so happy to be here and I'm
so happy that you're here with us I'm
happy I'm here with these guys my
buddies that you guys well when you stay
at somebody's house for at least more
than two nights you probably should help
them clean my sister Julie she is coming
into town next week for Thanksgiving
she's going to be here for Tilly's we
have so many fun activities coming up
but I thought I got the bathroom cleaned
and scrubbed toes washed I'm just going
to vacuum the basement because we were
naughty and we brought crackers down and
of course we spilt them so we are going
to clean up that way the basement is
nice and clean so my mom doesn't have to
do it and so when my sister comes it's
nice and clean for her let's go see bud
yeah this is my little Jackson standing
right now oh my gosh one of these days
soon we're going to take Jackson and
Calvin and Ellie to this because Jackson
and Ollie are gonna have a blast before
Africa buzzer yeah
oh my goodness through Twitter I found
out that we were on the moms view today
I didn't know it was going to be
uploaded today
so guys I'm gonna have the link to the
moms view down below I would it was so
fun to be a part of it was so fun seeing
all the girls hanging out and talking so
go watch it oh yeah we so good you just
rolled over like it was nothing oh look
at dice dance oh look at you pushing
yourself up can you get your toy can you
get your toy huh
cookie only shooting me
I have a feeling they're coming here to
keep you close
Jackson has learned two more words since
charity on tuckson what's this called
yeah that's how he says popcorn oh
that's good
Disneyland has been crazy crazy fun it's
been awesome but I think I only have
time for one more ride before I've got
to drive to my meeting so going on big
thunder thunder was the big thunder down
under' is what we're gonna do
I ran into target because I was kind of
looking for some little beanie hats for
Calvin because he's so bald and
everything is either zero to three
months or zero to six months do they not
think that there are six to one year old
babies that are bald yeah Calvin you are
pretty much called actually I see some
hair going in there but I just thought
it was funny I was like there are bald
babies with big heads make bigger hats
thought that was kind of funny but I'll
probably be okay except a little hat for
when we go outside but just wishing just
dream in for my baby to grow hair all
right guys unfortunately my time has
come I have to go me thank you so much
for letting hang out with you and stay
with you thank you so much miss e so
good to see you thank you so much for
letting her let us come next time it's
going to be a big party yes
so good to see you found them he looks a
funny feeling so funny I'm literally
running away from Disneyland not sure
I've ever happened before running away
from Disneyland because I have a meeting
that I have to go to and I'm running
just a little bit behind a little bit
behind for being early I'm not going to
be late but I want to be there early I'm
not as early as I want to be oh that's a
long hallway we're walking in this
meeting and the receptionist says take a
left at the shortboards and then you'll
go into the basketball court that's
where we're having the meeting isn't the
basketball court we go I'm not sure what
kind of meeting we're going to so we
just wrapped up a sweet meeting at this
in this basketball court that's where
we're in a basketball card you want to
shoot some hoops later so you want to be
able though I'm not I'm not very good at
basketball but so it was crazy what they
did is we just talked about what we do
in our different social platforms we
have shonduras if you guys know him from
snapchat we had Melvin we had Theotis
the professional skateboarder his hayes
grier Tom Tom Haven bog Tuan from vine
they're like tons of people here we're
all sitting up here and they were asking
us questions and we were just talking
about our different social platforms
very very cool meeting I kind of felt
like it a sore thumb in the in the group
Holly kind like yeah I am sitting on the
shoulders of giants right now like I'm
not I should not be right here but it
was really cool to talk about that well
I've got some good news and I've got
some bad news the good news is I've got
a cool picture with all of the
influencers who are at that meeting I'm
gonna put out booth right here tell me
if you recognize anyone
the bad news is my flight is delayed in
an hour
crap what am I gonna do well I'll tell
you what I actually have to get another
suitcase because of the stuff that I got
for all of the kids and so I'm at the
store kind of get another suitcase and
I'm going to go to the airport drop off
the van and then sit and wait that's
what we're gonna do we're gonna play a
waiting game I think I'm going to do
something fun we have a have a new app
that is in beta it's called answer cam
and I think I might do something like a
little QA while we wait that might be
fun so it turns out it's a lot harder to
find a quiet place in LAX and I thought
it would be I just got checked through
my flight is delayed an hour so I've got
like an hour to kill
and I was looking down at my phone and I
just noticed something that I think is
incredible that I think is amazing our
YouTube channel has 500,000 subscribers
and half a million subscribers and to me
I can't even fathom
I can't even visualize that that number
that many of anything I can't even
visualize it it's crazy it just
it blows my mind but the coolest part
about that is a half a million
subscribers that's that's not just a
number that's it's a representation of
each one of you guys it means so much to
us it means it means the wall to us
thank you thank you thank you I am
filled with so much gratitude in my
heart right now I cannot even believe it
it's amazing its attention to the tomb
rocks it's a terminal paging San Jose
passengers cen you one more client
five days ago
the kids were perfect but good luck I
don't like to sleep by myself I love you
ready get ready even those eleven
you're so cute you are so cute should we
go home whoops let's go hi bud seems
like just get me out of here
well I made it home to my sweet sweet
wife and with my sweet sweet family and
I could not be more thrilled to be with
you right now
it's anniversary I was just gonna say
it's after midnight sky means it's are
in the rosary there's a really fun day
I'm excited I'm tomorrow guys if you
have not seen it yet on my channel
there's a brand new video that Brian and
I did together and I really really think
you'll fly I think you'll laugh at it
you'll either laugh at it or you're left
at us it is my kind of my job is like
this I'll have a link to it down below
we'll also have the link to the mozzie
video down below go over and watch it
and let them know that we sent you guys
thanks for watching the video today
thank you for supporting us thank you
for being with us
500,000 can't believe them thank you
guys
see you tomorrow thanks bye
