what a fun morning to wake up to and
have breakfast oh and oh look you're
wearing the coolest shirt around town
this is my Wednesday shirt this looks so
yummy ha Jackson
good morning guys I'm starting off my
day totally missing my family so you
know what I'm doing I'm trying to
compensate trying to compensate with my
family and I'm holding baby Finley we're
having a fun day today and first off I
just have to say thank you to Ellie
because she has planned today she's
gonna go see grandma she's gonna bring
her lunch and I know today is probably
gonna be a hard day for grandma because
today is Veterans Day and grandpa
served his country and he did very well
so I know this is gonna be a tough day
for grandma so Thank You Ellie for
thinking of my grandma while I'm out of
town and being with her on this day to
all those veterans past president and
now thank you so much for all that you
do for us I was told to go and get
Jackson's clothes so grandpa could give
him a bath
did you think ball now that looks very
nice y'all okay I have lunch in tow
and we are ready to go see grandma great
bring her lunch and cheer her up are you
ready let's try that again
are you ready one thing I told Bryan is
I said Bryan if we're going to
California and I'm gonna be visiting you
for a little bit there's one thing we
have to do I have to race you and
go-karts
what Bryan don't make me look like I'm
lying
no Bryan this morning was like hey Jer
do you want to raise some go-karts we
have some free passes or something like
that and I was like yeah I would never
turn down a go-kart race and then I said
or in my mind cuz Bryan's gonna say
Jeremy and say that I've got do the
sunglass thing again I said it's on like
and then grandma had to go sit down she
was feeling really weak so I'm just
getting all the soup ready and I'm going
to go take it to her I hope you like it
it's kind of spicy not way spicy but a
little bit to it I don't think you're
welcome you conical yours yours is at
the table let's go say goodbye say
buh-bye grandma can't give her a kiss on
the head oh that's a good boy you so see
you in a few days there's one very
important thing that you have to do
before you go-go car
you have to spec out who's driving right
now and what position they're in so you
have to watch all the go cards and see
who's leading okay that cuz that's the
go kart you want you want the fastest
go-kart on the track so that's why I'm
doing right now I'm studying analyzing
techniques speed when Jordan I got
married six years ago it just seemed
like from then on we were one we were on
the same page financially we were on the
same page worth doing and raising
discipline with kids we're on the same
page if somebody asks us to do something
it's just we just we both think alike
instance being married Jared's parents
are my parents and I can fight in his
father and mom and Jared confides in my
parents and ask them questions and
Jared's grandparents especially they
turn into my grandparents and Grandma
Gibbs is exactly like my grandma Neilson
grandma Gibbs is exactly like how my mom
was raised and how Jared's mom is raised
it's just made me love her she's grandma
she's such a good example of a a tough
farm girl she grew up on a farm and she
was tough she's independent and she's
strong and she she got married young and
had all of her kids and she had it
together and she just she is somebody
that I look up to and I hope that one
day I can be as loving to others and is
selfless and I think my mom and Jared's
mom is a good example of that they just
they love people they're selfless and
you know I like to think that I'm that
way but of course I'm not a small fish
like it's just like I think that's just
naturally how people are us to actually
have kids are they're just naturally
selfish they want want want and I hope
that I can grow to be even more selfless
hopefully than I already am but she's a
good example and it was wonderful seeing
her and I'm glad that we took the time
to come and visit her she was so weak
and just didn't feel very well today and
I think that we really cheered her up so
I think that was really fun visiting her
cousin Jared and I sure
Jackson and I and Calvin we are going to
go somewhere really fun and really
special so let's go Ryan are your socks
ready my socks that are ready ready for
what
oh how it seeds Gareth outs good what
Missy is going to be providing us with
excellent commentary during the race are
you ready okay are you ready we are
going to the treehouse Museum are you
ready yeah yeah that's it better yeah
alright the race that's art but they
seem to have a little obstacle that only
has Sloane in the way for daddy and
Jared
do you care if I show your wall this is
what mom and dad have been working on a
lot and especially today dad has redone
the whole floor he even put the pretty
backsplash under their mom has
refinished the cabinet they're waiting
to get a countertop a light and this is
what their latest project is does that
not look cool fish and quinoa is what
Jared I and Jackson usually at least
once a week because it's cheap and it's
good yeah see this is what we were
eating for dinner mom and I are the
grocery store she couldn't figure out
what we're gonna eat and I said oh well
do it I always come home without
anything for the kids Jackson's been
loving Buzz Lightyear so I'm like I'm
gonna get him a buzz layer and maybe
Calvin like a woody doll or something
like that just cuz
when my dad and or when my parents went
out on trips or anything and they came
home with presents our gifts being for
us as the kids that was the best I want
to do that same thing le I'm warning you
if you're watching the video right now
you need to stop because I have some
major spoilers coming your way so I just
love this background first of all this
is so exciting I cannot wait for
Christmas
second of all some of you guys may know
that our anniversary is coming up this
Friday Ellie and I will have been
married for six years this Friday and
we're doing something kind of exciting
on our anniversary and it's a big
surprise for you guys
we already know what's coming but Ellie
and I had talked about like we're doing
this big thing let's not let's not do
anything and I just I'm not I agreed
with her for about five minutes and I
was like I'm gonna do something behind
her back and I am gonna surprise her and
I'm gonna and she's gonna love it so I
have a little something here that I'm
gonna have her open up on our
anniversary on Friday and I'm so excited
and Ellie I love you very much so we're
putting the kids down for bed or at
least we're getting there and then we
have something very exciting that Brian
and I are gonna do it song and it's
gonna be on my channel we're gonna do a
challenge and it may involve these so go
to my channel I think it'll see if I can
get it up today during this vlog but if
not it'll be up the next day so go
subscribe to my channel youtube.com
slash Jared Meachem by the way guys we
are almost to 500,000 subscribers thank
you guys that is so cool I cannot
believe that almost 500,000 people have
clicked the button that says subscribe
so if you guys are watching this video
right now and you haven't yet just click
that button right there it's completely
free doesn't cost you anything all it
does is it just lets you know when we
put up videos which we do every single
day we make a daily vlog so thank you
guys for all of those who support us
every single day you are awesome
we really do appreciate it from the
bottom of our hearts so that's what
we're gonna go do right now I'm kind of
excited hair is on point
after filming that challenge holy crap
that was great hey guys thank you so
much for watching the video today be
sure to give it a big thumbs up if you
enjoyed the video thank you guys for all
your support and everything be
sure to go over to Brian and Missy's
channel and tell them thank you for
letting me hang out with them you'll see
that on my channel oh hey karma hey how
are you buddy if you haven't subscribed
to their Channel go ahead and do that
too while you're there while you're
telling them thank you for letting me
stay and everything be sure to stick
around for tomorrow because it's gonna
be an amazing day I'll see you guys next
time bye bye
