good morning guys it is a beautiful day
here today and I am starting off the day
completely confused okay how does this
all line up
you
I am going to risk it because I am late
to regret leaving please please please
do not get to her okay I've got around
we've got to have a breakfast meeting
it's gonna be great it's gonna be great
day
Jackson will you have this dance with me
and wow this is good morning
Wow look at these mountains the snow
kissed them last night
and they are just so big
I cannot wait for winter look how pretty
this is
all the frost on the trees
so beautiful there's certainly one thing
that I have to get used to about Los
Angeles and that is the traffic you have
to schedule like so in Utah I guess you
could say like when you're driving on
the freeway anything you can be like
okay one minute per mile if it's 60
miles away I've got to leave an hour
before that um here it's like okay I've
got to go five miles I've got to leave
two hours before that at least that's
what it feels like holy crap Los Angeles
the traffic is insane oh here's this
this is all of us mom used her free cafe
route today and guess what the oldest
hell of that half a meal card well it's
a staff card yeah and there was a date
on there from 2009 that's what I got
married that's a six year old stamp card
my god she used it on us yeah someone
redeemed it and got us some Cafe Rio we
are back home oh we Bonnie and I we are
going to trim mom's hair and let the
kids play you think that because I'm
home I would stay home but one I don't
really want to sleep by myself so I
probably go back home to mom's today but
tomorrow a Jarrod's grandma fell the
other day if you guys saw so tomorrow
I'm going to bring her lunch and then go
take the kids to a little Museum
tomorrow so we're here for home for a
little bit but then I could go back
tomorrow what in the world am i doing in
this giant building this building is
literally so giant the glass panes are
insane I can't I get dizzy just looking
up at the top of the building guys you
know what this building is or at least
at least werewolf lore we're on just had
a meeting with Fox like Fox Studios Fox
television Fox movies
it was crazy it was so cool that
neighbors they just wanted to talk and
see you know talk to us and someone
would be chatting we had a little
meeting with Fox and that was crazy
crazy and he's crushed what the heck are
these cars are in Sicily and I've got to
show you this let's see if I can find it
real quick okay so we've got two
Porsches right next to each other we've
got Howdy's we've got Alexis's we've got
BMWs and then there's my minivan I've
got the mini amongst all of these
amazing luxury that's how funny is that
you just roll on his back to his belly
should we do it again
juju t-kid bunkers do it again do it
again
can you go he's growing up so much see
Jarrod I said when you get home he will
have been grown up so much
I cannot believe that yeah yes look at
that
stance I am so proud of him oh I love my
baby you're getting too big well I do
have to say so far my stay in Los
Angeles has been quite enjoyable but for
now I'm going to take a break from Los
Angeles Los Angeles I'm breaking up with
you for just a minute I'm gonna go on a
long drive here I want you guys to come
with me we're gonna go on a drive
somewhere fun let's go mom and dad are
sitting here and we are all just staring
at Jackson yeah of course we're all
staring at him and we were just talking
about what a big boy he looks in this in
the high chair his knees are long he
looks like a boy look like your dad Wow
ouch
hmm yeah when his when did his knees
band in his feet touch the foot rail
foot rest it needs to be straight out
from the chair you're just a little a
year ago and two months ago and a week
ago oh my gosh did you just take my
shoes and put him in the shoe box
soggy boots yeah is it cuz I'm so messy
yeah trained him so well good job buddy
guys I'm here at Brian and Missy cells
yeah yeah we made it we I made it thank
you a so much for letting me stay here
this is gonna be a large we're gonna
have we're gonna have a great time
okay first things first may I yeah oh
look at it look at her look oh hi Betty
Jimmy hold this for your thoughts okay
uh-huh Jared is meeting little Finlay
that Lucky's given you who is dad did
you still have your Dancing with the
Stars they got oh yeah
that's funny even for the memories yeah
there you go
opens but if you guys are like boys he's
putting his shoes away now oh my god
I love that he's like so good that's our
little guy
good job guys thanks good job Missy you
look so great I just always I forget how
little they are you have a baby the day
not that little he's not a baby
please ma'am he's a this isn't new more
yeah he's new yawn asleep anymore be
careful
pay attention to me welcome ritual yes
he has the biggest how did you say Olli
oh hi Jackson
Jackson had the biggest smile on his
eyes ever oh my gosh
Jackson say hi actually Olly pretends to
be the dog now all he's the dog five
puppies difficulty defense admit for a
walk in the wide wide world through the
middle they went down the road over the
bridge across the green grass and up the
hill to the other all right guys here's
the deal here's the dealio Bryan here's
the situation Missy here's the bitch
dinner's on me tonight
Oh yummy that adds um but if we're if
we're gonna do that we've got to go to
Jack in the Box over here okay but
seriously it's on me tonight I wasn't
joking the question of the day is whose
pizza looks the best this is mine this
is Bryan and that is Missy and Ali's I'm
so proud of my wife right now
she always just cheese pizza and she
actually got no sauce chicken and bacon
that's amazing that's outside of the
boundaries that's that's big it's 7 p.m.
and the kids are in bed asleep that
doesn't mean a lot though because Calvin
could be up in 20 minutes or an hour or
whatever so mom said go pick out the
bath bomb and go take a bath and I was
like yes I know we we just got manga so
I will open that up but um this one felt
really good like a pumpkin run or a fall
one it was really nice of her um so I'm
gonna go would take a bath we just
called Ellie on FaceTime and oli is
loving it and is totally taking over
oli are you talking to my wife on
FaceTime hi Ellie hi how are you doing
sweetie I just took a bath and it tasted
like Goonies
because I wouldn't good are you having a
good day yeah oh that's so nice of you
um how are you feeling
oh good good
and the moment I jumped in the bath
Calvin woke up yay for you yay yay for
never sleeping never
thanks for getting in mm-hmm um I think
we are going to go ahead and say good
night and Jared we love you we miss you
and we can't wait for you to come home
so Daddy can hold you while mommy vows
we'll see you tomorrow bye I think I did
it again Bryan pull the Jared I pulled
the Jared I wasn't even editing this
time I totally just fell asleep on your
couch the big things to Brian and Missy
thank you guys so much for letting me
stay at your first awesome house anytime
well for as long as you want really yes
huh what was that thanks for watching
the video guys be sure to give it a big
thumbs up go over to Brian and Missy's
channel and say thank you be sure to
check them out while you're there
and
if you guys can get this vlog to 25,000
like Oh little competition with a 25,000
I don't know if we've ever had a video
reach that high
yeah you have we'll see give it a you
heard Brian let's see it happen make it
happen Cap'n
I'm tired see mom bye
