good morning from Los Angeles California
guys it's already been a crazy morning I
haven't even left the hotel room yet
crazy technical difficulties with the
vlog today but we are in business it has
three minutes left of processing and I'm
very excited I'm running a little bit
late because of that we've got some very
important stuff going on today Dancing
with the Stars
good morning guys I probably look okay
but I still feel really really sick it's
almost embarrassing I mean we talked
about a lot of stuff on our Channel but
let's just say I don't feel well at all
and so Jackson and I I just put in Polar
Express for watching the show and Kelvin
is refusing to nap so he's just gonna
sit there and he's gonna hang out with
us yes okay yeah we got some candies we
got some nuts and some trauma so we're
gonna sit here and eat a treat a watch
Polar Express got everything done that I
need to in the hotel room want to do the
Q&A this morning because I wasn't able
to do it yesterday trying to find a good
spot to do it so let's check out here
hot chocolate so I had a little more
time this morning than I thought I did
so I figured I would do yesterday's Q&A
right now I've got a nice little
peaceful background here so let's go
ahead and answer some questions for you
guys and this is something that Eliana I
want to do every Sunday when we're
together I think it'd be a little more
interactive than a one-take on Sunday so
I think this would be this will be
pretty good Lisa asks do you see any of
your specific personality traits and
Jackson as he gets older one that night
one thing that I see in Jackson is his
positivity I think he's like one of the
happiest kids I know and I think I see
that in Calvin too just really happy
go-lucky kids they don't let things get
them down for too long and I really like
Lauren asks how do you work out the
holidays between your families like
going to Washington or staying in Utah
well more often than not we divide it up
as much as we can for example last
Thanksgiving we went to Washington this
Thanksgiving we're gonna stay here in
Utah Christmases about the same - so we
try and go to Washington as much as we
can but at the same time it's it's
usually like Ellie's family my family
Ellie's family my family at least that's
what we try to do Amanda asks what
advice would you give to others knowing
that they may face infertility one of
the biggest things that helped Ellie and
I was having someone to lean on so when
Ellie was down in dumps I tried to lift
her up as much as I can when I was down
in the dumps
she tried to lift me up as
she could having someone to rely on and
count on I think was really really
helpful and nice
what is your morning routine like with
the kids well a lot of the times it'll
change but more often than not what will
happen is Jackson will wake up and I
will take him downstairs and we will eat
breakfast together and Calvin will wake
up really soon after and Ellie will
probably just start breastfeeding him
and then we'll all come down together
she'll eat breakfast and then once she's
all done I will go upstairs and either
edit or upload the video and then we'll
all get ready together something like
that some form of that kind of stuff
Emily asks what is your favorite ps4
game to play right now I've been really
enjoying destiny I cannot lie though I
cannot wait for the Final Fantasy 7
remake to come out what would be your
advice to couples keeping the magic
alive with two young kids that's a funny
question actually so honestly my answer
to that is date night having a date
night having one night set a week to
where you and your wife or you and your
wife and the kids set aside time to
spend with each other I think that's one
of the important things is keep dating
your spouse even after you're married I
think that's very very important what is
your favorite quote a quote that's that
stuck with me for a long time that has
really changed the way I think about
things is what would you do if you
weren't afraid it's from the book who
moved my cheese and that it was actually
a really really pivotal quote for me
that helped me out of time and I think
that's something that we should ask
ourselves every day is what would you do
if you weren't afraid there's so many
clothes that I love in fact probably on
my channel one of these days I ought to
do a video of like my favorite quotes
like positive inspirational happy happy
things well I think that's all the time
we have for question and answers day we
are getting the car and we're going to
go have some breakfast where are we
going we're going to the place called
the griddle it's the best breakfast
place in LA one side of pates I'm really
quick your decision is determine your
destiny that's
my favorite who president monson that's
a good one your decisions determine your
destiny these two kids are playing
probably for the first time cuz Lincoln
you're not asleep because you sleep so
much you just always asleep and I have
to scoot him away from him so he doesn't
claw his eyes out but these kids these
babies are just kicking away there's no
way I can eat this there's no way I can
eat all this we have four giant pancakes
on this table french toast
yeah this is one pancake we have the
three amigos Jackson cried when he woke
up from his nap but when he went outside
and saw the boys he was pretty happy for
picking up rock so cody has a rock for
him Britta bashed and run off he's under
the that's right they're always putting
in his pocket that's cute
go give this one to Cody and give this
one to Boston I give this one to Jackson
okay okay let's go okay mom is wrangling
up all of the kids she's getting them
ready to give them their dollar Oh
Jackson slowly making his way over
that's so cute it's a cold day and mom
has her coat on the kids are getting
their coats on he has a little little
blanket over her but they're gonna walk
down to the store and go get a little
treat I thought that was so cute of mom
to you know take the kids and go get a
little treat on a cold fall day okay
they're making their way Jackson's
jumping up and down that's cute back in
the hotel we just finished up a really
cool tour of like a West Hollywood I
think is what it is almost like into
bel-air up into the hills Hollywood
Hills I think that's what it's called we
just we're driving up there Oh actually
I think I can show you from my hotel
room do you see that there and you can
see the the Hollywood sign right there
we drove up through there kind of
getting a little history on Mike and
Ashley and when they met and when they
were dating and stuff but we've got
about an hour to kill before we've got
to get going to this show Dancing with
the Stars so I think Mike and I
we're going to go on a little walk and
we're going to talk have like a little
business meeting about some other
reasons why we made this trip to
California
okay now to take care of some very
important business now to take care of
even more important business everyone's
trickling in and there's Jackson hi jack
you guys I can t be that oh come show me
come on oh it's a featuring come on
come inside it's it bad that I'm like
kind of nervous to go tonight I'm
getting butterflies in my stomach just
getting ready right now and I huh I'm
excited I think it's going to be a lot
of fun so this is it this is what I flew
to California for these pants huh I'm
nervous nervous it's gonna be a lot of
fun I can't wait I have a couple
surprise guests that I'm going to be
bringing with me you may know one of
them but I'm excited we're going to go
to this lot we're going to go to get
tore behind scenes we're going to go
watch the show and we're gonna have
dinner with a bunch of people to do a
lot of Hey
hey you guys look great you guys look
like you're ready to go on a show was
that crazy or what
crazy crazy oh really
and one lady kind of opened her door
they are so cute oh that's cute
did you find wow that's so cool did you
have fun you did did you have fun
that looks fun come on we have a taste
oh I'll give you kiss mom you're pulling
the candy out yeah and look there's
rocks in them hey I told you guys I was
coming to meet someone special who's
going to come with us and I think I see
him right here hey dude how's it going
snazzy hi oh you don't get hit by this
car Ryan watch where you're going
there's cars I'm in California and dude
we're gonna go out on Dancing with the
Stars mean you yeah like we're gonna
dance we're gonna dance on the shot it's
gonna be great fine your grandpa put you
up there he's being naughty you wouldn't
stop crying when I was little and I
would cry or anyone I'm right
specifically me I remember once or twice
just sit there and pray and then they
start crying
but uh dad and uh Calvin and the kids
they're gonna have fun
mom tracks agrees he loved it okay see
ya now you're not kind of more um we are
going to a house one of my mom's friends
and we're gonna go look at her house to
get a few ideas of maybe some things
that I might like to put in a future
house we've just been hanging out here
backstage there's actually been meeting
a lot of the people a lot of the dancers
came up with us
of NSYNC and Backstreet Boys nickk nickk
nickk AJ and Jo and Joey they're not in
the sand no do not go out go up to him
and say hi we didn't do that we don't we
did we talked about Calvin is using his
cousin's car seat right now hi Kiki
really likes it
do you want this you want one of these
yeah maybe you could ask to bring you
one ah this is crazy this is the ho
beware
watch me win
we just wrapped up the engine and start
it was so awesome and I'm hanging out
with Hannah hi Hannah how are you that's
so funny
we're just hanging out at Dancing with
the Stars she wanted to
so cool that's and you answer your mind
oh thank you so much I'm that's so
awesome let me buy them Hey embed come
on get in bed you've got to be careful
you got to be careful look both ways
before you pass we just finished up at
Dancing with the Stars it was honestly
so amazing it was so cool did you guys
have fun tonight
I just called you Ellie I just called
you Ellie oh my god nice Ashlee
give me your professional critique on
the episode tonight all right so I loved
everything about it I thought the energy
of each dance was amazing it was sad
that tomorrow was sick and she couldn't
dance but the one that went home I
didn't feel like she should have gone
home Alexa went home and she probably
down to one of the best dances of the
night yes and strong in both dances
mm-hmm but it was just fun energy like
the whole audience and they were
commenting how amazing the audience was
yeah I feel like it's because you guys
were there well no no honestly it was
when the audience was really really good
Alexa gosh hashtag save Alexa I wish we
could go back and just be like come on
she's fight all good he's classic do it
hey I know one of the greatest series of
all time cheese spike it and then don't
forget about Spy Kids 2 and then 3 and 3
3 yeah that she is favorite oh my gosh
seriously that that was so fun thank you
guys
thank you that was though that was great
it was great part though was to meeting
Tom Bergeron and taking a picture with
Tom Bergeron food yeah and getting ready
like as mom's we don't get to ready that
often for kids and and like just dress
up yeah
hi everyone looked awesome we all look
great like Disneyland like we didn't get
everything done that I wanted to so we
gotta come back oh definitely gonna come
back we've got some turn we've got yeah
we've got some big stuff coming your way
that's all I'm gonna say oh I'm so I
just thought yeah I think I may have
just had your bunny we're hanging out in
the VIP room of the hotel where hot hot
chocolate oh my I cannot hold that in my
hand that is ridiculous that is so so
the VIP room apparently has all these
drinks all of these fruits and they used
to have like gummy bears but apparently
they they don't want gummy bears to be
eaten at night cuz that's just too fun
to whales did they got quints what Amy
Amy apparently has a million how many
points would you have one point eight
million points to this hotel and so we
get the VIP room and she actually got
the hotel room so thank you very much
for getting those hotel rooms I really
do appreciate that's very cool yeah
we've just this has been a trip full of
like awesome fun that's like just really
really great connections really great
people really great company so thank you
guys for the invite for the hotel for
just for everything like it's been good
thank you I'm filled with gratitude in
my heart come on
oh sorry funk shoe analog I know well
you should have gotten out of bed um I
think I just okay
yeah like that bad my dad god
that dad's gonna see this he's gonna
wish he could kiss you
want to give him a kiss he's looking at
himself in the viewfinder I'm happy to
be home with the kids
I do miss Jerry was white tomorrow hold
it yes both hands okay take a night uh
take a night dad yeah it's foggy okay
love you Jared glasses I do have glasses
but Jackson actually broke them
hahaha but I still wear them because I
don't have any other glasses so I just
kind of bend them a little bit when
they're like yeah so I'm hanging out
with Mike and Ashley right now they are
flying out tomorrow thanks for bringing
me along with you guys and hanging out
so do you guys have fun I had a blast
yeah we had a blast yeah I think you
guys got some really great footage too
I'm gonna end the vlog thank you guys so
much for watching have a wonderful day
Ellie I love you and I miss you I'll see
you guys next time bye
by travelpod member
