good morning guys if you thought
yesterday I had a bathroom emergency oh
wait till you hear about Ellie I feel so
bad
we very glad that you're going cuz as of
last night I said you're not going Ellie
is sicker than a dog
you
I was white and shaky and I had you have
brought me a ball and Calvin slept
really good oh my gosh I think because
coincident I think the kids slept better
last night than any other night that
they've ever done and I think that's
just a huge answered prayer you feeling
a little better this morning and we'll
see I gapless see okay I've got to run
to the airport I've got to catch a
flight the mommies on the bus go shhh
can you do it sucks it knows what's
happening
bye Jackson bye love you I miss you I
miss you
you be a good boy for Mom okay we'll
give Jax Marcus Jared let it be known
that he stopped crying the mom I said
you wanted truth
oh please still a good so that you want
to treat any okay you stop crying the
mom I said that's up I think all wipe
our tears and go home and take nap okay
I'm here in the airport now where are
all these secret doors ikc nice that
keeps down well I will say our day has
gotten a lot better
no more tears from Jackson or I I still
do not feel very well but we've gotten
out of the house and it is been a really
nice Sunday actually Jackson's been very
happy jumping on the Tramp jump on it
jump jump jump it's been jumping on the
Tramp or run Jackson and Calvin have
been really good today and I am very
excited to shower when they all go to
bed tonight so I can feel nice and clean
but Jared me Missy we hope you're having
fun yeah yeah did you miss dad say miss
your dad yeah Jared he's saying mom it
always says dad say miss you dad I miss
you dad hey hey trick jaw I tricked into
sitting with mom on the swing yeah I
tricked you
yeah this is kind of fun lets me get IQ
and I'm singing with you
we made it to sunny Southern California
Los Angeles here we are now we're
getting our rental vehicle we have any
choice of any car in this laws not what
they said any choice they have a
Lamborghini where a minivan your choice
guys where some isn't Lenny's Delhi
would Yelp for me all right going Yelp
for overall phrase Alfredo I mention my
name
uh-huh and I I get bonuses for each one
that I get what kind of bonuses do you
again Oh like monetary cash bonus yes
yeah so Alfredo
yeah Yelp Lennie's Delhi yes it made a
tiny name that's the way I get my cash
bonus yeah
so we're here at this diner and I'm just
sitting here thinking sitting in this
booth I'm like we need to have some like
the bass music the boy you know from my
Jason I feel like we need to have some
sort of Seinfeld moment yeah George goes
barreling through that clouds everybody
over oh yeah uh-huh
yep I like when when they're playing the
board game and Kramer's like you know
grab the table or something he's like
you know we're keep everything on the
same place he chancers it from room to
room a time frame for walk through the
door you know something crazy oh yeah
is that your pen Jackson hi grandma hi
buddy
hi ready you would not believe what I
have been through Michael I'm so have
not believe what I've been through to
get these pants hi ladies I've been
through and been there the line every
step of the way and for that I am
eternally grateful for you Michael hi
okay quick story
so I told you it was in yesterday's vlog
so two days ago we went to the mall to
find a pair of pants
well we actually ended up going to three
four different H&M stores and we called
like five or six and we didn't find
anything they didn't have it they have
some of them have the pants but they're
the totally wrong size and it's so
important to have it because I have the
matching blazer
well we fly to California we go to an H
and M they don't have it there either
I'm like this isn't this is not supposed
to happen this is not supposed to happen
they're like you know what I think I
know of a store that might have it they
have everything there call them up they
have one in my size boom boom secure two
in hand oh my gosh
it took flying to California to give
these pants he's paying right you know
what's gonna happen now I know it I'm
gonna put these pants on I mean like I
dropped my phone or something bend down
to get it and ripple I know that's just
my luck I tell these things always go
yeah baby people through
we're hanging out here at the Third
Street Promenade and it's like the
coolest place ever I love that there's
so many people so much energy payment
it's just fun to walk around and look
around
I don't know makes me think my where I
live is kind of boring I should probably
tell you why we're in California I
haven't said exactly what a lot of
people guess right though a lot of
people gasp yeah so as you guys know
Ashlee was an amazing member of the
Dancing with the Stars group for how
many seasons three seasons for four
seasons one two three ten twenty three
one two three ten and so we are going
back as a group and we're gonna go watch
the show and we're gonna go meet the
people and I was on behind the scenes
and everything I'm gonna man I'm like so
excited and behind the scenes and to
meet all my friends and the judges and
everyone Tom Bergeron and Tom Bergeron
Thank You Ashlee in life for inviting me
to come and be on Dancing with the Stars
with you guys like that's so cool to be
here with you and see all of this then
where the magic happened right magic
that's where these guys miss that's
where these guys met we're like
a couple hundred yards now from the
beach where we had our first date right
yes so cool we're literally walking down
memory lane right now I just sprained my
ankle on memory lane if you guys were
watching Dancing with the Stars it's
gonna be on right now on Monday night
see if you can find us in the audience
they're probably going to come over and
say hi to you right they should tom-toms
rolling you like and ladies and
gentlemen we have a special guest here
tonight Ashley tell grosso Acosta is
here in the audience and then I'll be
like hey hi I'm going to heal just
because right now we're walking over to
the the Santa Monica Pier to the beach
it's beautiful the Sun is coming down in
don't eat the lotion don't we that you
did okie lose your teeth makes your
teeth whoo nice your bottom teeth thanks
your bounty whoo they're all coming in
nicely your turn huh hmm your turn for a
bath his turn and then guess what
it's my turn for bad Oh your turn
are you see good tonight the past two
nights Calvin has done really well on
off it's because I don't feel well and
so he secretly is being really good for
me I don't know but he's been doing
really good so we hope tonight you'll be
good too huh
I think it'll do just fine all right
dude I'm going up to the room same time
tomorrow
yeah okay gotcha say ten time tomorrow
you want to open up the door between our
rooms have a sleepover
Bob sleepover we don't have okay guys
will have some sleepovers gay
okay these kids are ready for bed and we
are going to read I am a truck I ready
to read that yeah I see a choo-choo
train say truck say howdy my name is big
blue bill and I'm gah
it is a car I've got 18 wheels turning
six hundred horses under the hood and 53
feet of trailer hanging on behind well
guys I'm gonna end the vlog thank you
guys so much for watching today I am
very excited tomorrow tomorrow's gonna
be so cool we are gonna go on the show
Dancing with stars so be sure to look
for us in the audience see if you can
find us and if you do tweet like a
picture of me or something like that
because I have no idea what to expect
tomorrow's gonna be awesome stay tuned
we'll see you guys next time bye Oh
Ellie I miss you and I love you so much
bye
