good morning Jackson what did you dream
about yeah of course you're not saying
it now
Jax woke up and we said what did you
cheer about and he goes pinky and you
mister I have to tell you guys it is so
amazing what sleep can do for you
it makes you feel alive literally I for
the past probably three weeks I have fed
Kelvin three or four times a night and
like he's up every just he's up a lot in
the night and it's just I feel like it's
just been really hard and last night he
woke up once Cal he woke up at 4:00 a.m.
to feed he did a five hour sleep stretch
that did so well for me I could sleep
for five hours straight was awesome
Thank You Calvin yeah I woke up and I
felt very good I looked in the mirror
and I thought well it's a little beauty
rest I look a little glowy I don't know
if that's true but I felt really good
here you feel it my gosh oh my god
I Mike and I stop at Walmart before we
had to get on with our errands and
everything and I get in the car I'm like
what the heck happened
Ellie what is that snow did you fart
yeah I'm like Mike can I ride in your
car please
no II I think it was the Brussels
sprouts the Brussels sprouts are like a
Brussels sprout
oh hey let's go let's go let's go
that looks like I didn't see anything a
big fire look at that
Wow well there is where the smoke is
coming for
say
that's on fire it is
do you see the fireman right there other
things I yes I see the water it's a hard
to it when you're zooming oh that's
crazy
I hope everyone's okay now look at that
from this angle the Sun
it's crazy that scenario alright welcome
to part two of shopping for Los Angeles
I need one thing I just need a pair of
pants the store we went to last time did
not have a matching pair of pants so I'm
really hoping these guys do I called
them they said they might so we're
checking it out here whoo Jackson I
think we've got one stop to make first
can you tell what it is Jackson do you
know what it is one thing we have to do
is write - Claire what Jackson this is
fun
can't get ready we're going we're going
good job
should we go back down you want to go
down the escalator Oh Oh Jackson we've
got some trouble that escalators not
moving how are we gonna get down how are
we gonna get down Jackson that one's not
moving it's like what in the world what
are we gonna do
Marco's Marco oh I see someone
hey Marco Marco oh there you are
we found you after much deliberation
much talking and everything Ellie and
I've decided that I need to break
another rule I've done it once and I
felt terrible about it but I'm about to
do it again
I'm gonna have someone else cut my hair
oh and it's just so weird because
Ellie's a cosmetologist that when
someone else cuts my hair it just it
just feels weird I'm going into a place
to get my hair cut and you know we just
we just didn't make time for it at home
so I just I kind of feel bad but
hopefully they have enough room for me
somewhere they're here and I got to get
my hair cut
guess who I ran into after just getting
my hair cut Lavigne line that's took
away with that I know what frickin song
world we're here filming it with you and
every therefore - are you really the
airport I'm so glad so that I saw you
guys oh yeah it's been in here oh that's
right that's right those are few months
I'm thinking that clones or other video
yeah Jerry just got back from getting
his hair cut
I am pleasantly surprised I think they
did a really good job there's like two
things I would have done a little
differently
um this right here I always take in the
opposite direction and go up because
there's these long hairs that need to be
shorter and then on the back jared has a
whole make fun of my mole that's just
actually bald and but I feel like the
neckline isn't very it's not my favorite
but uh I thought she did a very good job
we'll see and you see things on other
last days I'm like yeah I really liked a
lot and forgot that you had you remember
that's what you wanted to that's why I
like my brother my unibrow box than my
haircut to be honest now I have to tweet
us know enough to talk up are you
talking serious we've got a pluck those
Jackson we're gonna go see grandma
grandpa can you close your eyes
Chuck said close your eyes follow Lisa's
not screaming he was two seconds ago fit
my hat close your eyes
close them what's right keep them closed
oh close right oh my gosh oh my gosh oh
my gosh Ellie I don't think I've ever
had to poop so bad in my entire life and
we are stuck in traffic we've been at
this life for probably 15 20 minutes no
I think we've been here for an hour
that's what it feels like anyway Ellie
do it I'm not gonna poop my pants Ellie
we don't poop our pants in this family
oh wait Ellie did 4th of July last year
aah
are you ever stuck in these situations
about personal things today Ellie so we
talked about poop on this YouTube
channel that's what that's what we do
that's what people know us for all the
light screen oh thank goodness okay but
I got six more minutes six more minutes
oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my
gosh oh my gosh I got something guys
this is such a dilemma the more you move
the worse it gets but I got a hurry that
was a close one
I cannot believe that we got a message
that grandma felt yesterday in her
little backyard waterfall and she kind
of hurt herself pretty bad so Ellie and
I are driving up to go meet with her and
see how she's doing and we've come with
flowers in tow just for her we want to
make sure that she's doing good so okay
I'm doing much better now let's go get
see grandma see how she's doing him
right there was internal bleeding my
idea is urk no that's a good that's a
nice show any broken bones oh oh
did it come or we love you grandma these
are for you Oh
beautiful so you guys went out with the
kids did you get a bird kiss right there
hmm give grandma kiss give me a kiss
right here
give grandma kiss right there give
grandma kiss good say I love you or mom
Emily and Bo aren't looking at baby
pictures of Bobo to see if he looks just
like his son move Jackson uh-huh Henry
and he does and mom was showing us a
picture of when she had Bo which he but
I think it was right there screaming and
then this one do you guys remember when
I had Calvin and I ordered a robe to
wear look what my mom's wearing mom
those robes how old do you bow 3030 oh
hell yeah 33 32 years ago you are a robe
and recently I just ordered what once
there's like this silky yeah
funny huh I mean I'm gonna miss you
Jackson when you think about your life
you'll be thinking about grandpa but
here give me a hug on me miss you oh
he's not gonna miss me that much
obviously have a kiss once I say I get
him to bed he'll put yep oh okay I see
that okay you ready to go to bed
grandpa will say to you for a minute go
say goodnight I'm so you need to get one
slide Jackson good night mmm give him a
kiss go say good night to Grandma ate my
nose
take a night uncle beau
yeah you don't need a cover up your
shirt
dad doesn't wear an en J shirt just
because we are here I promise he really
likes it he actually has seven of them
and one and on the tag it says Monday
Tuesday we're just at mom and dad's
house we're gonna go ahead and end the
vlog I'm taking Jared to the airport
bright and early
but one of the things that we've been
talking about as we have been just
sitting here together is things that we
wish we would have done and you know
when we've had Grandma and Grandpa
around you know dad maybe wishes go
visit his dad a little bit more when he
was around just kind of talking about
the things that they wish they would
have done so just is kind of a good
reminder too if you want to tell
somebody you love him or you want to go
visit somebody go and do it cuz right
you don't know what you got until it's
gone we're gonna go ahead and end the
vlog so thank you guys so much for
watching and we'll see you tomorrow on
an airplane that's right bye
