Jackson if this is very important put
your racks down put it down put it down
put it up come here come here this is
very very important
guess what son this is the first time of
snow this yeah right camera it looks
like rain that's it
I swear it is snowing what do you think
is right on your shirt it's snowing guys
yes it is true it is snowing the first
snow of the season we are out of the
house the car is Pat Jackson are you
happy you said water are you happy I'm
happy and I know it you try an idiot
sometimes drive you crazy when things
get stressed or tense Jarrod always says
this oh yeah on the same team yeah I
think it's good and a lot of time it's
not always me that's the stressed or
tensed one but maybe percent of the time
it is but when like this morning is the
kids getting the video of responding to
comments getting ready getting packed
things can get stressful and tense when
you're looking at the clock and it's
like we gotta go we gotta go and Jared's
like Ellie Ellie we're on the same team
no it's not just we're on the same team
it's like you it's like sometimes you're
just like you kind of snap at things
you're kinda on the short I feel like
I'm mad at you right exactly and I say
hey hon and we're on the same team like
we're doing the same thing we're
accomplishing the same goals it's
alright you know we're doing just don't
get mad at me we're on the same team but
I like that Jared does not because we
are one we are on the same team Ellie
and Jared TV and J let's go let's go
and we're driving Jared was holding on
to the this it was like sticking around
all right
I'm just sticking around you guys
driving sick that's what my first
car won
that we missed
hashtag I woke up like this Ellie and I
are on a very important mission today
while I am in Los Angeles I have a very
exciting activity I'm not gonna say what
it is just yet but I have to look really
nice for it so we're at the mall a
couple hours away from where we live
we've got to find some clothes some
socks and Cologne I have been out of
cologne for probably like two weeks
I think there's come under their perfume
mania that's crazy
huh it's chilly in outdoor mall it's
cold
all right one item off the list is done
I just got this Cologne I got a clone
called
Kenneth Cole mankind and it's it's this
brand new one and it's just a weird name
mankind I mean I feel like we can
combine those two words into something a
little bit more better anyway okay I've
got to find Ellie and the kids I have no
idea where they are
I've got to get going on the other two
Titans on the list
hi buddy oh you found a friend I love
his little hot that he does cool okay I
got my stuff I'm so glad you're here I'm
like Kelvin it's okay
Marco Marco oh there's a polo hey guys
how's it going good you guys know Mike
this is Matt my buddy Matt how's it
going long time no see
you guys just hanging out here doing
some fun stuff okay I think I'm ready to
check out can you help me sir
sir can you help me check out please can
you help me check out can you scan these
stuff that I need is that all right
okay snuck behind the counter and we've
got to get them hey I need a coupon can
you give me a coupon while Mike and I
have been looking around Ellie has been
lugging around these two kids right now
Ellie are you being supermom right now
yes I am but don't say dad she's
breastfeeding I know and I just think
like that's so crazy that's crazy how
you can do that and I threw Jackson
right here just because he just because
I have no other reason and here we stand
we are leaving dad
things Jackson and I are gonna go to
another store because we want to try and
find out about it so we are going to go
shop together okay push you guys are so
cute and your friends thank you I'm so
glad you stopped in Jackson so good to
not stay but he's gonna go play do you
want to go have a date I'll go have a
lunch date daddy's out shopping I've got
a headache I thought I bought the boys
some holiday sweaters and I've been
having the boys and it's just kind of
been crazy short things crazy with kids
lunch date okay yeah
we decided on Johnny Rockets Jackson's
Fiat mini corndogs I'm gonna get a salad
and we'll get a little milkshake for
Jackson
Jerrod and I'ma on a date at Johnny
Rockets when I was pregnant with Jackson
and I bought his very first baby clothes
in the shopping center so this is really
special this is a really special date
that you ki dance to the music
he did
yeah Paul bite
come on have a bite
thank you Oh give me a bite
I know
well the shopping trip was a oh geez
this is good sticky so the shopping chip
was a partial success I got almost
everything I needed and I think tomorrow
I will remedy that as you guys probably
saw I was hanging out with my buddy Mike
if you haven't already guessed I am
going to Los Angeles with Mike and
Ashley and that that might give you a a
pretty big hint as to why we're going in
the comments below leave a guess of why
we're going to Los Angeles um are we
having a good time today guys yeah yeah
what are you guys doing Calvin are you
having fun oh he's just having a good
time on the soft carpet aren't you yeah
yeah all right guys the name of the game
is don't let the balloon touch the
ground okay oh good job we're back to
our stomping grounds Jared and we are
going out to eat with some friends and
we're going out to actually somewhere
where we have never eaten we used to be
lived here in our college years and we
never came to pizzeria yeah you got it
yeah we figure it out yeah we're gonna
eat when going out to eat I always do
water I don't know if it's because
that's what we did grow right now but he
does
you get water on special occasions
because Jackson is at the sitter's right
now your friend
I got a huckleberry huckleberry injury
and I'm going to make it to a cream a
cream drink and then they brought me a
little cream so it's not cute so so you
pour huckleberry in how cute that is
yeah I get a little Italian soda there
you just stir it up a little bit I don't
know maybe get me and you guys what did
you get I think this is part of the
place I don't know what it is part of
the place oh I got brownies for our
Russell sprouts
no kids Brussels sprouts well they said
sure that looks like us I had no idea
he is seriously like he is the the
biggest cutest thing I'm pretty sure
he's as big as Jackson I was like right
now look at his little belly hanging out
I love ya yep yep yep that's like
Jackson he's like so happy - so cute
so we just got back from dinner and we
we just kind of been chatting by you
know and everything oh so much fun we
had a blast we we have we have something
we want to show you so there was a sale
there was a sale are we gonna set it up
okay two three four five six seven eight
nine ten
so the challenge is we have to eat all
of these tonight because before midnight
because the expiration date hate me I've
had a chocolate today and ice cream well
not just ice cream you're gonna have
three of those ice cream really I hope
you guys have made some connections
Ashlee Mike and I are going to Los
Angeles does anyone can anyone guess why
that's what I want you guys that died oh
of course with Tascosa Brown and Missy
oh yeah yeah yeah yeah thanks so much
for watching guys have a wonderful night
see you guys tomorrow bye
