good morning
well are you do it again hey finish the
vlog and when I get done maybe you could
take us out to lunch I think that sounds
fun
okay safe drive safe on the way the
chiropractor appointment love you Jerry
bye Jackson
how are you liking that Jackson's
getting himself checked out and he
actually likes that little foot massage
Jackson's getting checked out - it's
funny because I never told our
chiropractor about Jarrod's hip issue
with his acetabular retroversion I'm he
had reconstructive hip surgery about six
years ago and she looked at Jackson last
time we were in here and she goes I
would be interested in looking at his
hips and I was like what if Jackson had
something how does he look
because he's walking but anyway I just
thought that was really interesting it's
something that Joe and I have always
wondered is like our kids gonna have
what Jarrod has was a hereditary was it
something that he did to cause that but
Jackson's getting his hips checked out
today - I'm facing a pretty big dilemma
today as you guys know it's November and
there's a thing called No Shave November
or November or whatever I've never ever
participated it in my life in regards to
growing hair on my face and not shaving
I am the firm believer that I can't
really grow a beard or mustache all that
well so the dilemma is do I keep it do I
keep this raggedy old patchy thing on my
face I don't know
apparently you're supposed to only do
your mustache so I don't know what do
you guys think I don't think I should
keep it I really don't I don't know
Jackson Cody this is what Jackson does
every day Cody okay mama we're
gonna go take a nap
and when you wake up maybe later today
we can go see Cody
okay okay
I think Cody's taking a nap right now
Cody's at home do you want to go see him
later okay hold my hand let's go
upstairs
chair are you almost ready I can't do it
what I can't keep it
oh is that have you started it did you
shave the sides of your face yeah and
not that why did you do this No Shave
November so I'm like what would it look
like well why did you shave all you
should have left to all no it's just the
mustache is it no let's go shave
November well the mustache Movember
right mmm I I probably would have left
this I just I just can't do the mustache
I don't like that or the mustache I
would have left it all I don't think I
should leave any I think I should take
over here to tell you the truth no-shave
November it's our anniversary maybe you
should just shave you have a lot you're
going to LA you cannot leave that there
well how do you think it makes me look
nice shave Jared shave oh you're awake
did you have a good nap buddy yeah oh
you want to climb up okay okay
Oh giving dad some love oh I love that I
love when you give me love I love when
you give me loves can you give me
another love Oh loves jacks and I just
love it can I have another love what
look at that canyon right there it is
full of fog ah it is freezing like it is
freezing outside and like where did
Fargo
like winter already I said Canyon that
Jackson thought I said candy I was just
gonna say Jackson it's it's the canyon
not candy on this cold day we've been
inside the kids have been so good for us
today and I yeah yeah yeah yeah you were
a little good for us so I thought let's
take them out and go somewhere that's an
inside fun part he sees a pumpkin and I
looked up what places are where we live
that can go and play aside from the
wiggle worm that we've been weird over
and this place came up so we're gonna go
see if Jackson likes it and this is
called the jungle that's where he would
go play we'll see if he likes it
by
I'm just replaying that footage back he
looks up scared going down out of sly he
loves going down slides backwards but
going for it he doesn't know he's happy
he's happy as a clam now Jack are you
happy now
yeah okay he's happy but that was kind
of that your face is really bad
Jackson he's been saying Cody all day
little does he know Cody's already at
our house because we're all going to
make dinner together
you think Cody right now he's been
saying Cody all day yeah I swear we have
the best family in the whole entire
world while Ellie and I were out running
errands someone named Bonnie broke into
our house and made us dinner Justin are
you so excited to have tacos yeah we're
all eating tacos here and look at these
shells these are the coolest like little
boat shells the cute those are the mini
ones I didn't even realize they're mini
and we've got the the adult size right
here oh you're so nice thank you so much
for coming over and making us dinner I
was doing motivated I didn't want to be
by myself I miss Joel - oh dear oh dear
someone something is going to break
like he's like that is very expensive
equipment that we are playing with fire
oh my gosh
in case you guys didn't know we are
filming a video for an Ellie's channel
I'll have a link to it down below it
will be up on Friday tomorrow so the
same time this is tomorrow is Friday the
same time this video is up my video of
my stroller will be up I hope I answered
everybody's questions on Twitter I think
right pretty much so I hope it's not on
video I hope it's to the point to the
point we're trying to get a thumbnail
and look what happens when I tell
Jackson to smile okay Jackson ready one
two three
the kids are in bed and they're going to
sleep we're gonna have an editing party
but we cannot make a peep it's time to
be so quiet quiet as a mouse and then
we'll have it all to ourselves the
entire house
boom row down that was awesome that was
an intense rhyme I'm all about the whole
peep thing I can't be I have to be quiet
sorry about that we are gonna have an
editing party Ellie's going to edit her
video I'm gonna edit this video that you
guys are watching right now thank you
guys so much for watching we hope you
guys have an awesome day today is the
weekend it's the start
we can do something awesome and exciting
that you would never do before see you
guys next time bye say bye Ellie
