Calvin Calvin cloy Ingham I mean this
kid is in the process I think the starts
of TV see that John buddy heat is
knowing like crazy he was not on my hand
I was holding him this morning because
we fell asleep in the the rocking chair
and he was just like find my hand just
slowly not hunger just wants to chew oh
you don't want me no it's good it's good
you kind of just chews on everything and
he's just like he like her he's like a
shark that's good well you know what
Calvin chew on this
today we are taking the majority of the
day and we are going room to room and
cleaning it all out and that includes
the garage and the patio we're basically
getting ready for winter so Ellie is
cleaning the bedroom right now Jackson
is dusting are you dusting right now
yeah oh don't sorry I didn't mean to
interrupt him while he was cleaning
Ellie as he takes it very seriously dust
it for me please
can you dust it clean it can you dust
the table yeah I'm teas already done
okay okay good job there you go this is
my job uh-oh and yep and clean the
cleaning chair there you go you have
clean mom's nose can you clean mom's
nose good job oh and my nose
uh Jack Jared came in here and he goes
Emily hands and what and he goes Jackson
went in Calvin's room I didn't even know
went in there and he came out going so
I'm glad you don't wake them up well I
can certainly say Ellie has already made
a big dent in the project today you are
working like crazy aren't you
I got the video uploaded and everything
and that's all set to go I am dressed
and I'm ready to rock and roll Ellie I
am at your service what would you like
me to do um tackle your office I will
tackle my office and I won't get on the
computer that's that the tricky part
don't look good Twitter Instagram leave
the door open
ha ha ha oh great great I'm the teenager
again
okay so big news here and Ellie and I
have decided that we are going to have
Calvin sleep in his own room we're going
to transition him out of our bedroom and
we're going to put him into his own
bedroom until he can sleep well enough
on his own and then we're going to put
him in his bedroom with Jackson in order
to do that to make it as comfortable and
as successful as possible I have to move
this guy into this room but we have an
issue we have a little dilemma
this right here is twenty nine and a
half inches long and this distance from
here to here not even including the door
from here to here is twenty nine and a
quarter inch if I took the door off we'd
still be 1/4 inch short so therefore I
have to take this
Calvin
once again took a nap on his own without
me having to like rock him and do all
that stuff within and so I think this is
going to be a great transition I think
Jared and I are exhausted I think that
this would be good for Calvin to have
his own little room for a little bit
until he can get adjusted to sleeping
better and then him and Jackson can uh
don't help me to sit in to be in their
own room together and Jared what do you
how do you how would you say our nights
have been lately um well I mean Calvin's
been sleeping with us which is it hasn't
been a huge thing but you know when when
you have someone else in bed with you
it's just kinda you don't sleep at all
so we're just gonna try it out and my
eyes are like on fire like every day so
I think that this may be good because he
does really good on his own on our bed
and so maybe he'll be really good on his
own in his bed I hope because I like the
pack and play so let's I removing his
crib well that wasn't too bad
Calvin what do you think of your new
location do you like it yeah I do you
like having your own room so this is
what it looks like here and this is just
temporary well Calvin learns to sleep on
his own in his own space and then we're
going to move him into Jackson's room or
Jackson if you can hear him is
definitely taking a nap and now he's
talked yep so I think the entire
upstairs is done now we've got one big
project we've got one big project that
we need to tap on that's probably going
to be mostly me Ellie did like all of
the bedrooms and all this stuff done
stairs even I am in charge of the garage
and what the heck how did a tumbleweed
get in our garage Ellie our garage is
way too dirty
ah you found me you found me Calvin
loves this little block oh we are just
about to wrap up all of our chores I've
got like one or two more things I just
moved the grill into the garage because
I think we are all done grilling for the
season the next thing I have to do is
move this guy so this guy was awesome it
was really really great but it actually
broke the there's a hinge in there or a
locking pin right inside there that
broke when there was a giant windstorm
and so this isn't really any good now I
can just throw this in the garbage but
our garbage can is full so I've got to
find another place to dump it and it
really won't fit in our car very well
and the other thing is I can't really
carry it too far because I know I know
without a doubt that is filled with
spiders and I am not about to get
attacked by spiders I seriously picked
it up one day and five spiders fella I'm
not even joking so got to figure out how
to transport this that thing weighs 50
pounds that is full filled with spiders
I think the only logical thing is to
have a bonfire you guys want a bonfire
let's light it up no I'm not going to
light that thing on fire that would be
irresponsible but a lot of fun I'm
actually looking around for a dumpster
to see if I can find there's a bunch of
construction going on down over there so
I know they probably have a dumpster not
sure if that's the best thing to do
probably the closest thing that I can do
without like a truck or something like
that yep yep yep yep yep you have
definitely spiders definitely spiders
and that's not even on the inside that's
the outside hello maybe I should burn it
with fire I think I figured out a way to
avoid the spiders as much as possible
and make this a clean efficient drop
I'll show you my setup here holding onto
the handle as to stay away from the
spiders inside the thing and I going
quickly on the hoverboard so that's what
I'm doing hopefully no spider bites
encouraged during the process of this
removal
do you want that keen touch to hold my
sock
try touching it Ellie
I think I need your socks this is where
Jer has decided he wants to go for his
afternoon is look at toothbrushes
families
that's the little rainbow dry just for
you what are you doing with that it's
back I'm in the Meachem household we're
gonna get our you scrub we're gonna get
our bun cheeks scrub we're gonna get all
clean and guess what Calvary no you are
next
thank you ah next look at his little
rolls I've got an extra member to join
you in the bathtub are you pouting guys
why'd you fast Thai minions you never
wanted to bath time with your brother
Wow maybe maybe you ain't galavan's a
little over they should say definitely
no yeah we'll just lately Janet you know
this kid is just kicking away in the
bathtub yeah looks like an alley yeah it
does doesn't it
kick it kick it kick kick I think he's
teasing or starting the process of it
he's trying to get a lickin that's funny
look at that kick kick kick kick
oh that's how you kick that's how a boy
kicks in the bathtub all right we've got
a strawberry cued up yeah do you
remember when you had your very first
robbery Jackson Davian
yeah oh okay let's give a she's gonna
make your mouth feel better what do you
think
hi does that feel good I'm getting the
hang of it now
light it's like oh never taste you
didn't like that huh this is the first
time he's ever tasted anything different
so how's he doing it with it now
it's good this little second strawberry
I kind of thought I threw it out and
then got another oh look at him he's
like please I want some more is it cold
oh there you go that way that was funny
we are just wrapping up the night
because the kids are in bed and because
Calvin went to bed at a decent time
tonight we're going to spend some
quality time together playing I love
yo-yo we haven't played this and that's
not any many moons all right it's a goal
okay don't miss this all that doesn't
mean you get the bullets I do know you
get the balls
can you see that yeah that was good
sorry
hmm whoo Shh everyone in the house is
asleep I need to get going thank you
guys so much for watching that video
we'll see you next time bye
that's an awesome cat oh yeah
