- morning guys I just got some great
news about my YouTube channel a lot of
the things have been fixed and restored
and I came into this bedroom right here
to tell Ellie the great news and look
what I see Jackson doing yeah what in
the world do you have going on here is
this your rock collection
is it are these all the rocks you got
from Halloween he loves more more rocks
do you want more rocks Jackson yes they
rocks
Jackson ran into Calvin's room before I
had a chance to come get him when he
woke up from his nap and when I came in
Jackson had left you a little present he
gave you three little rocks and those
mean the world to him that was so nice
of him oh you have a tear Jackson that
was so nice of you and you're sharing
your rocks with him I thought that was
so nice
mmm yeah getting ready for Calvin's
chiropractors and the mornings can be
really rough because his appointments
fairly early for me to get ready in the
kids to get ready and he's been saying
Cody all day holding the door Jackson
come come help me look we had to pick up
all the toys and toilet paper that he
pulled from the bathroom Jackson come
help me come on come pick your toys up
and come put them away we're gonna do
clean up clean up okay can you put them
in your closet look pick them up and go
put them in your closet and I will make
sure the couch looks somewhat good
there's my hair clip booklet there oh my
gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh
what are you so excited about this is
one of probably three times by one of
the first times that I weighed Calvin
down awake and he went to sleep usually
I have to rock him usually whatever Oh
cuz then sometimes if I lay him down
he'll just cry and scream I really don't
want to cry they leave him down and he
just kind of was like whining a little
bit
well I'm done I finished all of my
morning activities just got off a few
phone calls sent a bunch of emails got
the video uploaded annotations cards
subtitles done now I have to get ready
the issue is Calvin is sleeping in our
bedroom and he's taking the best nap
ever and as you can see Elias so excited
she's literally big leap in there his
pinkie fell I went in there again he put
the pinkie back in his now so he's like
he's at the age range thanks super self
but I can't go get ready in there
because he's sleeping so we have two
showers and I'm like you know what's
crazy
I have never showered in our second
bathroom I've never done it I think I do
and miss your brain I've never done that
um remember the time we had one toilet
we hated it for the first five years of
our marriage so I'm sitting on the
toilet you go in the backyard I am I had
to go I am off to go see the dentist
again for a cleaning and then when you
get back it's my turn and I have a
feeling that I could have a lot of bad
things in my mouth because being
pregnant breastfeeding of teeth I just
feel like all the nutrients get sucked
out of your teaching into the baby yeah
um but after that don't worry cuz after
that you're gonna have a lot of fun with
Bonnie okay I love you
DUI not my dentist said to me he said
well you have a nice smile and I laugh
because this is what that means it means
I have a pretty smile but the inside is
deceiving I have a lot of work to be
done on my teeth and something that I've
noticed especially after having the two
kids
maybe AG not eight you know what I mean
growing up a little bit more something
that I've noticed is I have a lot of
crowding my teeth are bunching up but
they're not that it's not bad at all but
about it he just said you have a lot of
crowding right here if you want to do
Invisalign or something like that and
I've noticed that it's gotten worse I
know it's not bad but it's gotten worse
in the past few years and it is
something that I would like to get done
but I have a lot of cavities and I my
insurance doesn't pay for and I mean my
cavities and so regardless I think it I
would like to get that done I think that
it would it would make me feel better
but I have a lot of work to be done on
my teeth well the girls have made it off
on to their adventurous spa day we're
here at Joel's house hanging out with
the cousins we're having a lot of fun
are we guys are you having fun Cody are
you having fun has all been fun yeah
okay Polly and I are here we are getting
our feet soak in some hot hot water I
like it if it's a little more warm than
I like because it'll cool down sometimes
it's not hot enough this is
come on oh wow I like that one this
purple one and type week that's a good
one yes I think that will be it
as if my mouth didn't need any more
dental work I don't know that's okay
though
thank you for eating the treat I knew it
would come to this I knew we would reach
this point I knew we would come to this
cross path in life
Calvin Calvin is hungry are you hungry
buddy yeah you're hungry well the issue
is Ellie's not here how in the world are
we gonna feed Calvin if Ellie's not here
I came prepared
don't you even worry Calvin frozen boob
juice is that nasty to say I'm sorry
I've got some milk here I mean a unthaw
I'm gonna thaw it out is what I'm going
to do and we'll give it to Calvin and I
will feed him for the third time ever is
that crazy
I feel like that's crazy Ally's just
been doing really good with breast
feeding so here we go all right you can
tell he's hungry he is grabbing onto
that string and eating it I've got
everything I need
got some milk right here Jackson should
we feed the baby all Fonk
you fell okay we're gonna try this out
you guys know something that I love
about this Thank You Jaron and Joel for
sending Bonnie and I to get pedicures is
throughout the years of Bonnie and I
working in hair salon at least for me I
think you too but we never or I would
never go out and just get a pedicure I
always wanted to I just did it and then
being a mom the past few years it's like
I almost get emotional since it's like
it's just something that I always want
like I want my nails done I want my
pedicure done I want my makeup on all
the time but it's just great reality you
can't
this is so rejuvenating to get my
toenails like is that something that
before I had kids I did every Sunday I
did my toes for the week every Sunday
and I haven't done it in a long time so
thank you so much boys our feet are
feeling warm Bonnie how's the Glicker
shot we've got a cup of water this feels
very nice well as you could see Calvin
just was not having it and I just I
wonder what it is I wonder there's like
a difference between the milk now and
the milk before I don't know maybe it
just tastes funny
a little too fell a little bit of yeah
yeah that is not and that is not cow's
milk
well what boy you know you have a really
tired kid when he crawls into bed
himself in full clothes and pulls the
blanket up to him and says 9:00 night he
is so tired oh he legitimately did that
he was so tired it was the cutest thing
ever
I'd show you but you're not ready goes
on show cowboy huh hey are you ready for
bed are you ready for bed do I need to
be bucks to you again well everyone is
sleeping right now
and it is totally silent one thing that
I like to do when I end up editing late
is I just like to sit and close my eyes
and just listen and you can end up
hearing Jackson you know whether he's
rolling around in the bed you can hear
Calvin snoring LA shifting around and
just makes me grateful that I have these
guys in my life
Ellie had an awesome time at the spa her
nails a great turn Bonnie had a really
good time so I'm glad they were able to
go we had a wonderful day can't wait for
tomorrow thank you guys so much for
watching the video I will see you guys
next time bye
