good morning guys we just got up and I
am making some blueberry pancakes I had
a really good night and because I woke
up and I saw Jack and the wrong I guess
Calvin had woken up and I didn't hear
him and Jarrod was sitting in the
rocking chair of them for quite a while
so I could get some extra rest
question what are these on the cup
oh good invite his head bubbles because
two seconds ago he said boobies those
are bubbles
now that is a early November fall look
right there hey Jax did you ready to go
to the store yeah are you ready I can't
even know I don't even know if I see you
in there okay we'll see how long you
guys last right there until I slam on
the brakes I have a very very serious
question for you guys it is the
beginning of November at the beginning
of November if you listen to Christmas
music and/or you decorate Christmas
you're skipping Thanksgiving so I always
said I used to always think that but
right now I feel like I want to decorate
because I want my house to feel kind of
festive and I don't have any fall
decorations so it kind of makes sense to
just like put up the decorations you
have to make it feel festive and holiday
you know do you guys decorate for
Thanksgiving and fall or do you decorate
for Christmas just for all of it this is
the first time Jackson whoo hold on
tight has wanted to hold on the car as
we go instead of get in huh okay hold on
tight hold on tight one of the things
that we have to get here at Walmart are
the things that we're gonna look at is
Jackson has been watch I just Punk'd his
head is we have to look at movies
Jackson is actually been watching Disney
movies lately and Jared got an Apple TV
so he wants me to get like a Disney
movie that you can you're able to
download or something that says you can
I don't know I have to get something so
I'm gonna go and I'm gonna look at that
and Jackson still has insisted on
holding on despite the fact that I just
walked your head on a box so hold on
tight
we're gonna go look at a few Disney
movies you watch the buzz last night did
you like buzz
Jackson say buzz buys awesome this is
what he wanted he wanted it to be
blu-ray and he wanted it to be digital
digital HD Kenny what you want right
you see buys I can clean a home I can
make it spotless but decorate it I
already have a headache and I think I'm
ready to go watch that poem feel it up
feel it up that pump that pump I'm just
filling up the gas tank right now Joel
and I are gonna go shooting up in the
mountains over Utah that's what we're
gonna do is gonna shoot up in the
mountains of Utah it's a little bit
different than the shooting range we're
gonna throw our own pigeons we're gonna
have a little fun so it's gonna be good
but I think I'm gonna try and surprise
LA with something by the time I get back
I think she's been kind of having a
rough day so I'm gonna try and surprise
her with something I'm not sure what yet
but I'm gonna do it you'll see you'll
see oh pumps finish gotta go okay Joel I
have your cold beverage of choice in the
car are you ready to do this
let's do it the boys and I are just at
the park while Jared shoot with Joel and
I was pushing Jackson ready 1 2 3 I was
at the sky and I just thought that this
guy looks really cool right now look at
the clouds they look cool it looks like
it would snow but it's not cold enough
yet just no I just thought that looks
really cool as I was pushing in
I think Calvin's over there hi hi I come
and check on you every minute or so you
just painted your ball yeah you got a
toy
man this daylight savings time is
throwing me off I feel like the day has
just started but it's like that Sun is
just about to go down behind that
mountain like this is this is crazy
where's the day going Cody where's the
day going buddy all the day the day is
going right over here we just pulled up
to our spot and we are about to get the
guns unloaded
it's a beautiful scenery beautiful
beautiful beautiful and we are gonna
have some fun the guys are gonna have
some fun you can go walk around over
here if you want okay dad give an
instruction to his little man
safety first folks safety first okay
Joel first shot of the day he's going
for this pumpkin right over here let's
zoom in on
hey Calvin
what's your favorite memory since being
bored hmm
would you favorite memory oh yeah we're
swinging
done
this is seriously awesome every time
Kelvin I was out of one size of clothing
I just bring out the bucket of Jackson's
old clothes and voila he has two pair of
jammies and he has a little outfit and I
think that's awesome there is like one
other thing or a few other things I may
order for him because I don't have a ton
of stuff that was Jackson's at this size
for Calvin during this weather but I
just say this is really cool like I'm
just like shopping again and it's so fun
but I've already purchased the items
this is this will fit him this is kit my
mom bought this for Jackson for the
rodeo
it was really nice yep and this is gonna
fit him look at all these close-up and
then these are all summer one so those
those won't fit but seriously Calvin
he's like half whining are you sad
great kid you're three there you can
hear me you just want me to pick you
what we just finished I'm shooting up in
the mountains and I'm not a very good
shot at the mountains definitely better
on the range because I think the shot is
a little bit different a little bit
better when the pigeons come out but
we're on our way we're actually gonna go
out to dinner with Bonnie and Joel but
before we did that kind of stop and get
something especially for Allie yes Ellie
doesn't know this but Joel and I were
talking while we were shooting today we
like you know what we need to get the
girls out of the house doing something
on their own so we're trying to figure
out a time and a place for them to go to
like the to the spa get a pedicure
manicure so that is the goal for
tomorrow and see if we can get those
girls out doing something fun hi buddy
how are you you got a rock look at that
mama nice I want to give you these
closer I didn't think you would be
waiting for me outside
they're kind of like a fall color and
like Jackson are you ready to go out to
dinner let's go I appreciate everything
you do for us you your work does not go
unnoticed I love you so much okay all of
them should go look at the wagon this is
actually kind of cool
with fire look see the ebelskivers pan
oh I have a video on my channel I am the
one that usually always puts Calvin to
bed because I ignore him and there's
just something about like if I'm holding
Calvin he's good if anybody else is
holding him especially when he's tired
he just screams but I really wanted to
take a bath and so Jared started being
Church songs to him and he started
screaming louder and I was in the bath
that I hadn't beat boxing and he stopped
crying so he's not asleep yet but at
least he's not crying
can you hear it I just beat boxing him
to sleep but where I'm going to go ahead
and end the vlog Thank You Jerrod so
much for buying me flowers that was so
sweet it made my day and we will see you
guys tomorrow bye
