let's live life just gonna say let's
live life to the full and get out of
here we still have a pumpkin mix on
there from when a my goodness you guys
look so great you've been working so I'm
ready for the day now honey look okay
just put the clock ACA club chair yeah
that's good okay yep okay I'm ready
Calvin's Calvin's ready Jackson's ready
dad's ready for church let's go you
don't need to Jackson did you have so
much fun get a cup I'm gonna come out
did you have so much fun eating candy
yeah do you want some more candy can you
say candy candy candy candy candy
Amy KJ get ready you gotta go
you know it's crazy happy Sunday
everybody guys it's Sunday
happy Sunday Jackson say yeah someone's
happy it's Sunday so here's the deal
guys we want to change it up a little
bit on Sunday instead of doing one take
Sunday we want to take Sunday's and we
want to make it Q a day we want to do
questions and answers so maybe sometimes
we'll do what one takes sometimes we'll
do a Q&A today is the
question-and-answer on Twitter we asked
you guys to use the hashtag ask Ellie
and Jared and we have a bunch of
questions from you guys and that's what
we're gonna do right now is we're gonna
answer those questions we're gonna
answer we're gonna a some Q's that's
what we're gonna do you be careful k
Jared Betina asks how much of what you
record actually ends up in the vlog so I
would say we film anywhere between 15
and 20 minutes and then we cut it down
to about 10 are you writing your giraffe
yeah you're gonna go fast go fast yeah
hmm Lisa Lisa asked I don't know if this
is a dumb question but do you ever get
tired or a noise of having to film
everything you do we film what we
I think sometimes it's hard for other
people to realize is we really do only
film about 10-15 minutes of our day and
so we just we choose what we want to
film so we don't really get tired of it
and it's fun for us to do I I definitely
wouldn't say we get annoyed of doing it
there are some days that we're tired and
we don't want to always share everything
we're doing but I think for the most
part we are not tired or annoyed yeah I
wouldn't say we're annoyed especially
when you get moments like that mister
crash-test dummy
it's a crash-test dummy this is a great
question because we feel like we have
lived our life like this with um
finances Morgan asked what advice would
you tell a young couple to help become
successful like budgeting and stuff
nothing personal just advice so my first
set of advice was would be stick to a
budget make a budget every single month
and stick to it
spend every dollar on paper on purpose
before the month even our budget is very
simple I write what I think we're gonna
make and then I write out all of our
bills our rent gas food and then I check
mark it off when I pay rent I check it
off so I know okay off this is how much
we have left and then I write what we
actually make like when the tribe
actually comes in and I just do Chuck
mark system so really I really wish they
would teach more of this kind of stuff I
feel like simple budget and stuff like
you can make a budget download one
online it's really simple
follow Dave Ramsey yeah we we don't have
debt we have never had that Jarrod had
one little loan when we first got
married that we paid off right away and
yeah we don't do that we don't do car
payments either but as far as that yeah
I would just say stick to a budget this
is a great question from Jack norm 1 are
you guys planning on going to see little
Finley mmm this is actually perfect this
is a good question because we've
actually been getting that question a
lot are you guys gonna go a bit Brian
and Missy are you to visit Brian amis
you're gonna see baby Finley well this
has been a hard decision for me
because with Calvin ever since he's been
born I've liked we go to conventions we
do this we do this and I've had to learn
to say no to things mm-hmm Jarrod
actually just booked his flight he's
going to be going to California soon for
a few reasons
yes I've got a few business meetings and
a really exciting adventure that I'm
excited to take you guys on with me as
soon as I go and while I'm there I'm
definitely gonna go this your privacy so
yeah
the answer is and that's when the
dilemma is do I come to but that would
be me going for how long Jarrod's gonna
be there and us being only able to go
visit Brian and Missy for one day and I
just think maybe in California with the
two kids a lot of changes going on is
not the smartest thing to do right now
but we face time on offense oh let's see
baby Finley when you're there through
lots of FaceTime and we are gonna see
them and Cullen and Katie and all of our
other YouTube friends a lot coming up
soon it's once the year starts that's
like on convention season beginning so
there's plenty of opportunities
Maddy asked what's your favorite store
to shop at for Calvin and Jackson
Cabela's Carter's Baby Gap those are my
main ones I shot that old Navy and I'll
maybe Harley asks if YouTube wasn't a
part of your life where do you think you
would be great question as we talked
about this yeah we I think I'd probably
be doing something along the lines of
what I'm doing right now something in
the tech related industry whether it's
phones or computers social media that's
what I did before why did you two full
time so probably something along those
lines but I think we would definitely be
in line with where we are right now we'd
probably be looking to get a house you
know trying to do all of that kind of
stuff Jennifer asks what is your
favorite lush product I've always said
my favorite lush product is the bath
bomb the butterball
but lately I went and grabbed this it is
this peppermint bark this was like
chocolate and peppermint
it's a scrub exfoliator so it's one of
their body scrubs that has been my
favorite lately what do we have next
Scott asks what is the trait you love
most and Calvin and Jackson respectively
I think with Jackson I love that he's
actually forgiving like he's really
forgiving if he does something wrong or
we do something wrong the first thing
that he's gonna do is give you a big ol
hug and I love that Calvin despite like
his lack of sleep and he's the happiest
baby I know he is smiling like crazy
when you're with him and that's what I
just love his happiness I love that
Jackson was very confident and I love
that Calvin is very snuggly he's a
snuggler he is a snuggler he sleeps if
his head is right here by his food
source
Jackson we will give you a little bread
stick to hold you over for like two more
question or two more questions that
we're gonna answer what is your favorite
memory from Jackson and Calvin's birth
one of my favorite memories having
Jackson was actually at the hospital in
the middle of the night when he would
eat I remember naturally I'd go to sleep
and I naturally would wake up and he
would wake up two seconds later to eat
it was like I was in synched with what
my baby needed and I remember thinking
this is amazing I think my favorite part
of Calvin's birth was just afterwards
when Jackson came in and we are all
sitting together on the bed as a family
and jackson kissed him on the head I was
just like we're a family of four like
this is our family and it was just
perfect that's great
that is the Q&A for the yeah
yeah thank you guys so much for watching
and stay tuned for next week on Sundays
we're gonna try and do this every week
we're gonna do a Q&A whether it's a few
questions or I don't know yeah well
you're gonna draft I definitely think
it's a really cool interactive thing
that we can do with each other I really
like to interact with you guys more and
this is one way to do that so I think I
just got a funk on I palm that to turn
laughing he's like don't call me thank
you guys so much for watching the vlog
today and asking us some questions and
see you guys next time
happy Anniversary mom oh it's it's
November that means we can talk about
holidays like our anniversary and
everything that's very exciting I'm so
excited to be married to you for six
years
