happy Halloween we're here at Bonnie and
Joel's church and we've got some
superhero some princesses and a
lumberjack we're gonna have a carnival
today it's so fun let's go to the
carnival let's go to the carnival are
you ready to go to carnival
we're here at the carnival and they are
setting up pumpkin bowling boss tonight
are you gonna Bowl do you miss mom mom's
outside she'll be right here in a second
Jackson can you throw it at the pins
throw it at the pins go throw it at him
Oh just off to the left maybe Nate maybe
we should get some bumpers bumpers might
be nice
go go go oh good job
there's your bumpers right there oh you
get a pick a piece of candy he's like no
I'll take the whole thing please okay
just one good job that was a good one
checks in high five yeah all right
Jackson you better catch something good
we need to eat some dinner tonight oh
look you got to go fishing first pull it
reel it in buddy reel it in what you get
what you get Jackson Oh a magnifying
glass Jackson look into it one thing
that we need to work on a little bit is
taking candy out of other people's
buckets Jackson is just like Oh were you
bobbing for don' Jackson's just taking
the people's candy out of their buckets
he's just like oh yeah free candy I'm
just gonna take everyone's Jackson
didn't really want to Bob for the
doughnuts he just went up and licked it
and then they didn't really want to keep
it so they gave it it's had a good
doughnut you just watch it in here
we don't have to pay you just watching
there you go Thank You Joel and Jared
Jared and Joel it's on okay the best
angle there is ready
oh wow Jackson's watches busting what
you might want to check the inside of
his elbow window you look like the
cutest guy in the world
she's so precious Oh cute yeah we should
have got you a little pumpkin hat yeah
we got you a little turtle hat oh yeah
you literally to wear later
hey I think you're cheating
Jackson's get the Negev it
I remember most of my Halloween's
growing up there were tons of snow all
over the fandom
yeah grandma's not here right now ha ha
honora's grandpa think there used to be
tons of snow on the ground and I feel
like this is a very warm Halloween yeah
which is nice because I only got
trick-or-treating it's gonna be a lot
have fun shooting young hey yeah
Jared's off humans are gonna go shooting
Jackson and I are gonna share a bowl of
Bonnie's chili thank you so much Bonnie
you're welcome Thank You Stan
oh don't dip your oh he dipped a
football in there okay well we are going
to eat I think for once I'm finally home
and he's hungry yeah let's eat okay okay
make me look like a jackal on him no one
can love my job I know
hey Bonnie's gonna do my face up I
forgot when I was taught I want to look
my face back that's Ari
I forgot earlier when we were talking
that I had the cat face from far away I
wonder if that looked a little funny and
Ray if you look fierce you are fierce
and I feel pretty fierce good you have a
very expensive pencil being drawn on
your face I know it's like if this is a
word likes that's a make up luck no okay
Jackson does mommy look like a cat do I
look like a kitty cat let's let's get
your beard on should get your beard on
you
that will probably come and make a few
critiques but I think that is that's
pretty good
does that look awful with you Lucio oh
my gosh you look like the most perfect
just perfect oh my
Jared's fixing up my do trying to he's a
squirmer he wants to hold this this is
not chastity tax it I wanna do it
earlier I made him hold still okay who
is ready
Josh baby are you ready yay are you
ready Buster Rooney this is go
trick-or-treating yeah
Jackson's ready Calvin's ready and the
boys are ready
oh I'll get the door you guys look
awesome we are just waiting for our
brother and sister and cousins to come
over and we're all going to go
trick-or-treating this is a sweet
picture all the kids are ready we just
got all of our pictures taken we're
ready to go hey ready to go my letter
though Kelly what in the world are you
doing I'm just beating a snapping turtle
it kind of hurts though cuz sometimes
snapping turtles bite Ellie that's
insane that is so funny
anywhere look at you oh wow that's so
funny well we have to okay we seriously
we broke his pump we know we broke his
ax we stole his pumpkins he's out what's
the deal with that
oh yeah he's gonna have a jackal on her
face well and that's the thing is
Jackson honestly won't know the
difference
he doesn't care but the other kids will
so this is like this is fine this is
great thank you
hey a little turtle the first
trick-or-treaters are here Hey oh my
goodness what are you supposed to be are
you little red riding-hood
we are about to go to our very first
house Jackson are you ready let's go
you're ready Gators let's go let's go
let's go spike
are you getting kind of shy
oh that's okay Oh Olivia that's so nice
of you thank you he's a little spike I
think Jackson once he realizes that
candy goes in the bowl he'll be just
fine oh did you find what you like did
you find something you really like hey
grab a rock grab a rock but make sure
you find a good one there you go okay
now put in your bucket
good job okay you ready to go the next
I'll get another rock
okay put in your bucket okay now let's
go to the next house do you want some
candy yeah come on you said thank you
all right we've got the whole crew let's
go let's go let's go let's go Jackson
take one job say Thank You Jackson
okay can you put it in your bucket put
it in your bucket
good job oh my goodness this is the true
test of honesty right here this oh you
got starbursts this is the true test of
honesty okay Jackson how many are you
gonna take let's get to the skittles oh
yeah good idea mom we're gonna just get
off hold that you're been put in your
bucket good job
okay Boston how many are you gonna take
good yeah oh just one Jackson Oh Jackson
you ruined on judgment the code of
honesty ah okay put it back let's go to
another door I feel like there was at
least an attempt to be honest he lasted
for about five seconds don't linger with
temptation that's the important lesson
here get oh you hit the jackpot Jackson
look at these rocks these are the
biggest rocks you've ever seen huh yeah
do you want to pull one in your bucket
okay try can you get one you too big
butt ah ah
what are you going is that too heavy
Jackson oh you got it oh my gosh take a
picture oh he's waving bye oh my gosh
okay Jackson let's go get some candy for
houses I see here you sing a song if you
say candy candy candy go get a candy you
want some candy I think this is what is
sweet these two have been the lingering
ones and they are just honestly the
cutest I enjoy going trick-or-treating
with my family I think that this is so
fun
Jackson kind of gets it now Jackson kiss
a candy cane candy
a chick or Treat trick or treat and I
take give me something good to eat
anything is it's only gonna get better
every single you know every year this is
gonna get better and better and more fun
I think there you go you got to break
into the candy a little bit while your
trick-or-treating yes so so I decided to
come back early because it's really cold
and Calvin's like healthy I stuck on my
back and I can't get up you guys no cold
oh oh there you go
can you show me everything you got in
your bucket should we show everyone your
spoils do you want to see here we go
whoa oh look at these mom was telling me
you got some rocks in there didn't you
you want more yeah
Calvin this is pretty special huh look
at all that candy Jackson this is
probably one of the cutest things I have
ever seen look at these guys we're
missing Olivia come on Olivia get in
there
all of those fancy-looking drop-off
Jackson lumber Jackson is crashing
around you guys all look so good okay
everyone look at me and say happy
Halloween Oh looking good over there
good job oh yeah I got worms that's what
we're gonna call it
I gotta arms we had so much fun today
and I think it was a lot of fun seeing
Jackson have like a really good reaction
those other walks were my favorite heavy
rocks that was so funny guys we hope you
have an awesome Halloween thank you so
much for watching be sure to give the
video a big thumbs up and we'll see you
guys tomorrow bye
