twas the day before Halloween where all
things spooky exist where people can't
see on account of the mist the beat of
the witch's heart is drumming prepare
yourself for Halloween is coming
it's the day before Halloween and I
actually am very very excited we have
some awesome plans set for today Jackson
and I are you putting on Tod right now
it's so crazy the things that they pick
up Jackson are at the store right now we
were getting some very important
essentials for the day's activities I am
very excited I'm trying something new
that I've never done before it's really
I think it's really really easy but I'm
excited for you guys to see it's kind of
like a Halloween treat oh I see your
Schwartz is as big as mine let's see how
well you handle it hahaha all right I am
back on the store and as you can see
here I got a bunch of cardboard and I am
going to tape all of this together
because we are going to be painting
pumpkins right here in the garage it's
gonna be a lot of fun Ellie are you
excited I'm excited
all right we've got the whole crew here
and you guys ready for this are you
ready Cody yeah do what are we gonna do
today
whoo-hoo oh do you have some candy corn
you can't have Halloween without candy
corn okay guys we have a very special
treat today aunt Helle can't help it's
Halloween and and Ellie has a very
special drink that she's gonna make and
I have some special hot dogs that were
gonna make do you guys like hot dogs now
right let's have some hot dogs Cody Cody
oh no I'm so sad
I forgot something I forgot to get hot
dogs yeah don't worry don't worry I'll
think of something okay yeah yeah yeah
I'll think of something with it'll be
good kay are you ready yeah okay high
five boom
hey that looks perfect that looks
perfect
yeah yeah that's perfect
oh geez oh here it goes there's there's
some wraps upstairs
ah just can you go grab the runoff Oh
grab the band-aids ah oh she's um ah
hurry Joel jaribg about the height of it
all you don't know about that sure you
didn't even 200 hurry let's wrap it
let's rabbit let's Rick in trouble oh ah
ah yeah yeah I'll just wrap a tight red
tape ah oh my gosh are you okay
Oh Oh my hand
ah get to prep all the way down I can't
let any more blood loss okay are we off
okay okay
cheer are you okay yeah yeah I just well
you're cutting up good lunch but I think
it's bleeding but are my fingers okay
since you didn't have any hot dogs do
you want do you want to take a finger
jeez you're gonna take a bite that's my
finger
you're eating my finger look at your
hotdog
cut it off since we didn't have any hot
dogs Boston do you want to eat my
fingers
that was awesome with you why you can
just take a bite or what Connie you
cannibal
damn I just take a bite my finger so
while we are going to eat fingers we
also are going to I'll show you what I
made so I think a Jared had a lot of fun
making the hot dog fingers but I think I
had a lot of fun making this yummy drink
for the kids a candy corn drink I'm good
aren't they cute
OOP spillage ready okay it might be a
little cold
good just kind of get the doctors
offices you do your toys
one two three wow this mere other side
let's try it again two three oh my God
look at that there's a lot one
that's awesome you want to paint the
pumpkin good job
you
give you on my face
Jackson is doing that with the washcloth
because he always sees him doing that
with the Flies I mean usually I yell - I
think we're wrapping up these Halloween
festivities the best way possible with
some nice hot chocolate cookies that so
good yeah does it taste better than my
fingers no he's like ahhh how do I
answer that Oh Jackson is that so good I
think our afternoon was so much fun
all of the boys that is a truck all of
the boys are going to go take a nap and
definitely wake up I think we're just
gonna like hang out the rest of the day
we watch a movie you bring up at Calvin
at a pumpkin tonight so we're just gonna
let the boys play a little bit longer
before real take a nap
are you ready for yet - you ready right
now are you color in Boston you're doing
good a sherry
oh do you want to try that okay now you
want to turn you wanna turn okay Jackson
license turn come on watch out it's
Boston's turn come on you bunky bunk
bunk
hey bunk boom
okay it's my turn
fine I was gonna - I slipped on the
blanket
I told Bonnie I said if I want a pizza
wheeze I stay I just want a party so hey
Pizza guys here we're gonna have a party
we're gonna finish our party off by
watching a movie you need two beers I'm
all right guys the pizza is here and we
are so excited what do we get oh man are
you excited buddy yeah we got pepperoni
and sausage and some cheese who's
excited for some pizza all right let's
eat some pizza
Jackson any more your tummy's too big
juicy the second in a little yes okay
show me your fat tummy
show me your tummy oh yeah that's a big
tummy he's second in second
well that was probably one of the most
enjoyable days I have ever had what are
you in a long time that was right then
we didn't have time to put Calvin on the
front again
but there's another day so another day
another dollar guys it is Halloween for
you happy Halloween stay safe
and get lots and lots of candy um even
though this is Jackson's second
Halloween it I feel like it's his first
it's his first because he I think he
when he goes out tomorrow he's
definitely gonna get a good idea of
what's happening what I all I have to do
was that I cannot wait to film him and I
get candy and I cannot wait to eat some
of his candy I can do that thanks for
watching the vlog today guys we'll see
you tomorrow bye
member
