good morning guys it's a beautiful day
and I just finished putting up all of
the final touches on the vlog and it is
uploading right now but you guys already
know that you've already seen that vlog
that was yesterday today's today we got
to get on what's going on today guys I
am loving this Where's Waldo thing it is
so fun especially when I go back and
edit it because the past two Ellie has
done them she's done it with her mom
she's done it with well I don't know
maybe you guys haven't found it yet so
I'm not gonna reveal where it was this
last time but guys send me a tweet or
snapchat of where you think you found
Waldo and we'll keep this going but for
now we've got a busy day we've got to
get on for the day let's go have some
fun today it's gonna be where I die
ah today I feel like being lazy today oh
there's a big bees nest in the a and we
are at the lazy outlet I was on my way
to Kevin's chiropractor appointment and
I saw it says pajama outlet and I was
like that looks kind of fun so I invited
Bonnie up we're gonna go
that's my razor for cutting hair I
invited Bonnie up and we're going to go
to this little begin outlet and as we
were driving I was looking at how
beautiful the mountains are I was
looking at how beautiful the mountains
are the clouds are coming in it's like
cold and kind of crisp of well let me
tell you about the story it's not like
not just one time you drove to the
Calvin's chiropractor appointment it's
every time we go to Calvin's
chiropractor appointment we see that we
see this sock outlet and we're like oh
that'll be fun to do and then so for the
past 44 weeks that we've been going
we're like oh that'd be fun and today
was today said pajama outlet and we're
like okay we're going we all were going
I kids need our kids need winter pajamas
so I thought oh maybe we'll find him
here and I'm hoping they have some adult
size onesies for my body I have one
thing to say Ellie I have one thing to
say don't mousse with this is your
cutest like look we could all have
badges yabbies for now I love the
trapdoors that is so funny
another stuff we're making today is at
the DI it's kind of like a thrift store
good luck
goodwill yeah exactly and we are looking
for part of Joel and my costume so we're
getting we're getting some shoes and we
have to do something with these shoes
and that's all I'm going to say about
this costume so leave a comment down
below what you guys think that Joel and
I are dressing up as and hopefully
you'll be right on Halloween look they
have they have gel insoles oh my
goodness those will be very comfortable
for walking with some miles day one
thing that I like to do when I come to
thrift stores is look at the musical
instruments because you never know
what's here
I had my uncle bought a ukulele here for
three dollars and was worth way more
than that I was a Martin ukulele and so
I'm looking around to see if I can find
those musical instruments because I want
to see if I can get anything cool it's
not very often but I just have to like
get Kevin and feed him but he was like
screaming like an even game and I picked
him up and he was like searching like
crazy this is what we're doing and he's
like happy as could be whenever we go to
the chiropractor appointment though it
seems like that whole day he's just like
man just felt on top yeah kind of funny
let's go I think it's I think it's even
cool that you can even do that just walk
around and played up I used to think I
never cooks like Missy and like my
sisters and everyone else same field it
was just like oh yeah no problem was
just okay I'm ready but now I can't get
to you he's a good eater now yeah Thank
You Jerrod um
seriously that was Monica that is
cracker
my stomach is her we got home I was like
when I was holding Calvin I told jars
like Jared I really like I feel like I
can't hold him was it my stomach is like
jabbing it hurts so bad I was like I
have to lay down so I lay down
and Jared was kind of rocking Calvin and
then Jared laid Calvin by me and so
Calvin and I took a nap while Jackson
was napping and I just got up and
Jackson made woken up and I feel so much
better
Thank You Jared it is a cracker for the
hundredth time toddlers are so funny but
yep that's you you hit it so we had to
where is it
Joel and I are continuing our search for
getting the perfect costume and we are
getting some spray paint and we need to
find some really great spray paint that
is gonna be good you was crazy to think
about Jarek huh when was the last time
well maybe maybe it was last year for
you guys but I don't remember the last
time I like had work to get dressed up
uh last year when we cuz a year ago we
were in California we did some awesome
stuff we did the Wizard of Oz with Brian
and Missy this one those are Mia that
was a good one this one I'm not sure we
had we don't we're not getting the whole
group together but we're gonna have a
good cost of my thing
I think Joel and I will have a good
costume every time I vacuum Jackson
comes down and insists that he holds the
vacuum vacuum so I start vacuuming it
and we'll see if he does it
a little heavy I can't let go of it
thank you can you say hi grandpa
say hi yeah
say where's grandma oh that's yeah
you're bought into his eye huh
say I love I love love yeah well I guess
that's one way of saying it I'm sorry
our son Jackson has been dying to talk
to Grandpa and it was like grandpa
grandpa grandpa and as soon as grandpa
gets on FaceTime he's like where's
grandma a B a B D F thank you you're
skipping it there buddy
can you sing grandpa song Jackson he's
leading the music sing a song he sing
he's getting there he's getting there
he's doing some fun stuff oh that's my
boy we having a good day today yeah this
is my excited face I am very excited
right now Ellie is putting Jackson down
for bed Calvin is asleep amazingly and
Bonnie and Joel are coming over and
they're bringing dinner and we're gonna
have like a double date we're gonna have
a little date here in our house we'd
have a lot of fun and eat some good
dinner and I'm so excited see this is my
excited face I'm excited
okay he's your cousin late night owls
thank you I don't know why you two also
oh they're naughty are you happy to see
him
look how red their eyes are like
bloodshot might be a few tears I did
think it was pretty cute as a boy for
sitting on the couch holding faces what
we like come out I agreed to her cute we
had some amazing dinner I was so dude I
know Bonnie and Joel brought us over
dinner
cuddle it update Jackson went down great
without a pinkie tonight and a body is
just getting dessert ready mama cakes
sounds yummy I think that is it for us
today we are planning tomorrow or have
some fun little things we're gonna do
with Jackson and pumpkins and painting
and carving I am gonna make something
very special tomorrow that I've been
planning for a while and I'm really
excited I really like really okay guys
we'll see you tomorrow bye
