I cannot believe how much Kelvin is
moving I was getting Jackson dressed and
I laid Kelvin right here and he is
playing on this corner he like moved and
scooted his way over there and now he's
over here I don't even know how he's
moving I'm watching him and I felt like
he can scoot he just you just move you
just move in you want a cracker you
gotta leave your hat on let me see it
let me see you gotta leave your hat on
cuz I'm not gonna do your hair today
no I'll brush your teeth every morning
Jackson brings me to space in a
toothbrush and he says teeth teeth teeth
teeth
okay and I and if I don't put enough
toothpaste on he'll get mad let me see
the toothbrush that'll work okay you
brush your teeth brush em
Kelvin I bet she didn't think you're
gonna be a horse for Halloween
Jackson will you please get off of him
please get off come on oh I don't think
I don't think he really wants you to
ride oh maybe he does look how strong
Calvin is Calvin don't worry one day you
are gonna be able to sell on Jackson
look at the strength of our young men
look at him look at you
are you biting or kissing think he's
kissy give me kiss okay thank you Jude
sweet relief sweet really I really enjoy
working with companies because I feel
like it gives me an opportunity to
figure out what else is out there I've
been working with thrive market they are
an online membership company kind of
like a Costco or Sam's Club where you
can get a lot of the products up to 50%
off that's right they ship it to your
door they are five five dollars a month
and I made a big order I've actually
been using these for a few weeks I saved
the box you can kind of see what it
looks like that it comes in and honestly
they have a lot of foods like natural
organic stuff but from what I've liked
from all my order that I got my
favorites have been the household
cleaning products I did get a face scrub
they're a brightening facial scrub that
I've been using for a little bit but my
favorite part that I've been using is
the peppermint all-purpose cleaner I've
been using on my counter tops I've been
using on the floors
it has peppermint essential oils in it
this is probably my favorite purchase
that I got dry market has a charitable
donation with every new membership they
give a membership to a family in need
they also are doing a cool contest where
if you sign up you are entered in to win
a I feel I feel a one-year free
membership and $1,000 shopping spree
your first order they're gonna give you
25% off I'll make sure to have all the
information linked down below in case
you are interested okay Bonnie you tell
me do you think we're ever here yet big
of eating lunch with each other no never
every time I go and do something your
Ellie goes and does something we text
each other tell each other what we're
doing either give it a thumbs up where
we say have fun but I like when I get a
thumbs up Calvin came out of his little
breastfeeding cover and saw all of his
cousins and was like oh hey guys hi guys
now they can be completely honest with
you
there is nothing I look forward to more
than when you make soup like the beef
stew and everything like I do
I can't look forward to that enough it
is so good it was so when I see you in
this kitchen making the stew my mighty
heart gets inside I just like no I'm
excited
honestly I loved it my mom made stew
like goulash is my yeah I'm not as good
as my mom or your mom but one day I'll
get it
I just thank you so much for coming well
it's time to do some work in the office
oh well actually I've been here since
about 8:00 this morning doing various
things to get the vlog uploaded and I've
got my my partner in crime right there
hey bud I
you can't tell behind that binky is a
bigger smile isn't it hey there it is
hey yeah that's my boy right now I'm
doing some work on my youtube channel a
long time ago my youtube channel got
flagged and so a lot of the things that
you're normally supposed to be able to
do on a youtube channel I can't do on
mine and so I'm working with a bunch of
different people trying to fix that with
YouTube with some YouTube gurus and
everything so that is what I'm working
on right now just trying to get a lot of
behind-the-scenes work done you know
it's like me popping up the hood
checking out the engine see when I need
to do for the YouTube channel so that's
why I'm working on right now and
hopefully all of the things that we're
doing works cross your fingers because
this might be a while every year the day
before Thanksgiving our family goes to
the shooting range and we have like a
turkey shoot
those darn in-laws
that is we we shoot clay pigeons and see
who's the best out of the men in the
family so Joel and I are taking it upon
ourselves to prepare for this year so we
will be victorious not like we're not
every year anyway right but I I don't
think we don't have too much competition
really we're here at the shooting range
and we are going to shoot some clay
pigeons and get to practice
well we just finished up two rounds they
weren't the two best rounds that we've
ever done at least for me oh that was
awful that was not very good definitely
feel like we're at the low point right
now and we can only make our way up
right I hope
go Jackson go-go-go
we are at a corn maze and a hey castle
and a spooky haunted corn maze Ellie yes
we can buy pumpkins here a pumpkins
paint and or car you know those corn
maze mostly just so Jax to come and play
at all this cool stuff yes well and and
me too right we're gonna we're gonna
have fun we're gonna go play Jackson say
come out I cannot get out we're Jap to
go underneath on a corncob I'm stuck I
am stuck body
I'm stuck I know I need to lose some
weight okay oh sorry yeah
let's go
let's go through got some public
we had an awesome time at the corn maze
on the trampoline on the hay bales
Jackson did you have fun today
all these Calvin's oh my god I was so
stuck I was stuck we are eating some
famous stew ooh and hot chocolate we've
got some hot chocolate going right here
and I love this I didn't think so I
thought it was great
Ellie's two is amazing we've got this
hot chocolate maker and it is the best
it is the perfect temperature every time
oh it's done we can dive watch out but
are you ready to have some hot chocolate
because I'm so good
can you give me are you going to runway
Oh Calvin Calvin come here he was yeah
you trying to get on your knees oh but
he's gone that way but he was getting up
on his knees trying you are five months
old buddy slow down there buckaroo do it
again you probably won't you begin on
your hands and knees stretch anything
scooting backwards
look at him scoot you scoot do it again
oh my goodness
that was so see he's been scooting all
day but oh he's like really sad I just
finished editing the vlog for the day
and I realized that we didn't end the
vlog everyone is asleep right now and I
am just wrapping up so thank you guys so
much for watching the video today be
sure to give it a big thumbs up I'll see
you guys tomorrow bye
