good morning good morning the Sun hasn't
even come up yet and we are all alike
Wow we're all awake awake well cleaned
up we're all awake we're doing our best
it is bright and early and we have a
very busy day ahead of us
I'm over here copying and blowing my
nose and Jackson quietly in the back
goes mama mama mama I really cute
because I was really like we are at we
have a meeting last night we're supposed
to have a meeting but the guy cancelled
but we have a meeting this morning at
8:00 that we're gonna go look at a piece
of property so that is what we are doing
right and early yeah yeah that is your
eye yeah Ellie I think now that we're
done with our meeting
how do donut sound should we go get some
donuts do you want some donuts okay
let's go get some donuts can we have
from the front of things say like your
best friends we're sending Brian and
magenta flowers today for Missy's
birthday happy birthday Missy and happy
birthday Colin and to congratulate her
for having the baby seriously you want
some more seriously happy birthday Colin
and Missy we love you guys are so
grateful for your friendship it's so fun
that we all have kids the same age so
when we get together all the kids can
play Elmo k Jackson aye aye yo I love
you know I love you I love you oh yeah
you say love and you say I love you I
love you I love you
kisses I love you
you heard it he said I love you he said
I love you that means he loves me you
love me no you love me more than Elmo
grandma will be there this time do you
want go see grandma yeah yeah I'm fine
not he's at work grandma's at work say
grandpa okay
I'm finished here are you all set to
hang out with your mighty I think
that'll be fun okay I've got to go take
another hour and a half two hour drive
I've got a meeting downtown and then
when I do that I'm gonna be all done and
then I'm gonna drive straight back and
then maybe I'll see you can I see you
again yeah I don't want to go home by
myself
Jackson you be a good boy okay Jackson
come give me a hug Oh miss you love you
all righty son grandma has a big yard of
Leafs I'm gonna go find the rake we are
going to make a little pile and jump in
the leaves sound okay yeah okay I'll go
find the rake now that Jackson I have
all the leaves ready actually it's more
I did it Jackson did not help I did that
I got all the leaves ready Jackson and I
and I think I'll get Calvin out here I
think we're all gonna jump from the
leaves I'm playing the leaves because
that is what fall is fall is just
playing in the leaves that is what fall
is this is where the mother lode is I
should have came up here that is
airplane I should have came up here and
got all the leaves
yeah I cannot wait to have this for my
kids I cannot wait for the day we have a
home and a yard so I can let the kids go
out and run and play the leaves this is
just so fun and I can't believe that
we're so close to having it did you get
to do it you gonna do it I knew it yeah
I knew you're gonna do that let's go run
run and jump running jumping up can you
run and jump in a bull Randleman
jumpin um you read and you jump run and
jump running jump that's close enough do
this go home can you do that fall on
them yeah keep them in the air like you
just don't care
here we go
that looks better we made it we're in
Provo I'm hanging out here with my
buddies Mike and Ashley and we're about
to walk into the BYU broadcasting Billie
Bay film studio see here if you guys
didn't know that studio sees a fun
YouTube channel and let me grab the door
here for you guys and we are meeting
with the one and only Darrell and Jarrod
how's it going good get senior Darryl
nice to see you
I think Calvin is on cloud nine or
grandma I think you think you two were
hung cloud nine except you guys didn't
see what grandma did earlier she's
you're a diver Elvis and he didn't like
it it was so fun the first time I threw
it I thought it would be fun the second
time in it oh is it is why you came to
me you did not come to me to hug you you
came to me it showed me that rock and
said it won't fit in my pocket you're
thinking mom you might make it fit you
want me to try and make it work let me
see it oh I got it to fit this grandma
okay well Jackson plays with rocks
I guess Calvin and I'll play in the
leaves Calvin's give you do
give me your Jackson solving Jonesy next
to Calvin it's playing the lead my
family's come line next to Calvin
Jackson does not want to lay with us
pick how they work at a light and we're
gonna have fun cuz mama rake these
leaves and I worked hard see the leaf
like he's lifting his hand up oh sorry
he has not done that he kind of he kind
of reaches does e.y a little but cal
drop the leaf you wanna leave you're
mesmerized by rocks and you're
mesmerized by that leaf nice pile going
yeah thing is a baby no Daryl to answer
your question I don't hold up the camera
and vlog and nicely that isn't funny
that's a funny question I wonder
I honestly wonder if people in their
dreams will be vlogging like looking at
a camera that's a good question yeah
Shay do you do that ever I don't know
guys we just finished up a two-hour
meeting filled with awesomeness epicness
awesomeness I am so excited we've got
some big things coming you guys know
Darrell right if you don't know this guy
yeah Darrell is is a youtube genius if
you guys I get so many people asking me
I want to start a YouTube channel I want
to do this if you want to go check out
his channel I'll have it listed down
below amazing information Mike and
Ashley just started vlogging - I talked
I tweeted about them the other day they
just celebrated their 9 year wedding
anniversary and they've started vlogging
- you look so awkwardly shaped come on
let's go take a bath she doesn't want to
take it back as he knows he it's bedtime
hey let's go take a bath say take a bath
you have to pry you off of this chair
yep
literally yeah no no more balls
look see let's go take it back yep those
are take a bath Oh took a bath let's go
through the back five hours later and
I'm finally back with my family ha early
I'm just getting stuff gathered in the
car because we are not wasting any time
then we're going all the way back home
and then grab Jackson's coat and I was
like oh wow this is pretty heavy listen
close do you guys hear that his pockets
are full of rocks did you guys go
outside today and play in the rocks yeah
we played in the leaves he played in the
rocks
he ran everywhere that is so funny
I don't know why I just I love that I
love like yeah it's so cute don't don't
laugh in my hair I'm very tired
miraculously we made it home thank you
guys so much for watching today we hope
you have a wonderful night see you guys
tomorrow
