what a good nap you take once again and
don't hide you face that was such a good
nap I'm so proud of you you're getting
so big and full and sleeping more is it
because I put him next to you do you
like playing with your little buddy when
you wake up he watches over you while
you sleep
Kelvin has now turned into a racetrack
yep that is what he's used for ego all
right cowboy you got your boots on
saddle up partner
yeehaw oh there's a quick ride we didn't
have to go very far huh
Jared I came to the mall so that we
could look at some Halloween stuff or
were just grabbing a bite to eat
and I thought all Jackson's gonna love
this chess set area but instead he's
just like playing all over the carts and
the cars look at him go that kid is
going to town unattended he's being
attended I'm attending him right now he
crawled from that one to that one to
that one and now he's going to the next
one he's like I got to try them all -
not a house plan not the gumdrop irons
oh my god was funny when we were at the
skylight but Jared like I wanted my I
hate Matt I just I just a belly if you
if you are tickling huh you have to be
jack
we control I just a belt
we'll just swear okay your pants really
loud I just stopped that hey being
tickled well Ellie's fingers she does
not know her own strength of her fingers
cuz it's like not even ticklish there
just like sharp little daggers that I
think the harmonica was a great idea for
Jackson because instead of him like you
know sitting there crying he'll kind of
like whoa kind of wine like mom can get
me but then he'll have his harmonica I'd
be like Oh like last night was the
funniest thing when he like when he was
grabbing under the doors
I just laugh so hard but he's not crying
he's up there though yep playing I just
heard him he knocked on the door and
then you played it so he's not crying
that was Freeman and we'll see if he nap
so we'll see this would be a long two
hour nap time to see if he actually
napped well he fell asleep but not for
long
hi Jackson
whoa Jackson what did you do to George
what did you do to George
Oh would you fall asleep look at his
face hey hey hey
look I want it to see this type of his
face we're dead they know the Stars
where did you fall asleep oh well he did
fall asleep probably for like an hour 45
minutes but what did you fall asleep on
what is that what is that where did you
sleep on it was the carpet
it was the carpet they fell asleep fun
that's why his face has the I'm pretty
sure he probably fell asleep on the
carpet but you know for your second time
no binky and on the floor that's not too
bad you did pretty good you didn't
scream and cry and let me hit the door a
little bit Jackson what is that what's
that a duck good job I painted a duck
blue because well I've never seen a blue
duck before duck today is Monday and you
know what that means Monday is the day
where you get some errands done you go
and you get your groceries that you need
for the week you get your finances in
order but the one thing that you have to
do it's most important above all things
and of course when we go look at TVs we
lose mom and Calvin so we've got to go
find them and I think I know the best
way Marco Marco what are you up to Ellie
try to find paint okay oh boy pick out
some pumpkins probably the day before
Halloween I every year I usually do like
a really elaborate pumpkin carving but I
think we'll try painting this here what
do you think I'm just trying do you see
the paint
I guess the equivalent of me looking at
TVs as you looking at makeup huh you
having fun I'm tossing you expect
nothing to say I would what do you mean
because I always feel goofy toys that
I'm right there I've heard a lot of the
beauty girls talk about the super-sized
source that's why I'm trying today but
usually everyone else what I use and
this is what I normally it was it that
the gold eagle chick that's why I
referred to the 1 million lashes okay
normally yeah the voluminous million
lashes us so I usually get Oh something
in the mouth here and guess what what uh
Jackson and Calvin with that oh let's
call him here Matt my brother you're
gonna have to wait a second the
Halloween costumes came Cheers like John
awaits Halloween I was like it's in like
five days I'm gonna let the kids relic
hahaha well as a kid did you always want
to wear your costume I every kid wants
to wear their costume I looked all over
for a outfit for Calvin and this is the
best
he's probably the hey there he is
praying what laughs yeah right he's
probably gonna love it
are you crazy I bet him perfectly got it
from NC Calvin do you know that's this
is your first Halloween costume it
jingles looks likes it
I'm so glad right now do it let's see it
ha ha ha ha ha oh my gosh look at it he
loves it look at that that's so cute oh
my gosh I don't think this is his no
what is it
ba ba ba
this is a fun little thing that I wanted
to get because we for the next couple
days until Halloween we Ellie and I are
gonna wear this in the background of the
vlog and you have to find us okay that
is what we're doing so Ellen are gonna
be wearing Where's Waldo and you guys
need to find us in the walk be really
hard to find I can't wait it's gonna be
so exciting where's holls oh oh we had a
meeting set up to look at a place that
we've been really interested at and this
is like the third time that we've got
stood up
huh so we just passed the hours stood up
as and we had an appointment and they
didn't show up we call them they're like
oops forgot sorry about that
so next time
holy cow I almost attack Jackson say
holy cow Jackson just dropped a big
bucket of rocks on the floor oh and I'm
stepping in your pile of food I'm so
sorry I had a heart attack because I
thought we lost this camera
I was just scrounging through the entire
house through the car thing I was like
crap I cannot find our camera lo and
behold I found it in the depths of this
purse which we actually usually keep it
in the purse but for some reason it was
just in the pocket that has never
existed in his entire life before Ellie
why do you have a Mary Poppins bag I was
scared like the kids were to the kid
today and that's the thing is like what
oh that's a great bucket of rocks
Jackson oh that's actually one of like
my biggest fears is not really losing a
camera but losing the footage that's
like oh my gosh that would just break my
heart we just got home we just had
dinner and it's crazy that no matter how
clean the house is at the start of the
day and no matter how much you work
trying to keep it clean throughout the
house it always seems like there it
always seems to get dirty not even the
kids but yeah not even Jackson's it's
just stuff stairs downstairs in the car
like we think yeah going from one place
when other things get messy so before we
put the kids to bed we are gonna go into
clean mode Jackson Jackson
are you ready we're going to the clean
mode are you ready
can you point that to the stars point it
to the stars close okay Jackson look at
mama you stay in bed okay
I'm not gonna lie putting Jackson to bed
tonight I almost was in tears I know
that there is not one way to raise a
child but I do know one thing
consistency is key and he went binky
pbbbt binky and I was just like why do I
have to like I just but he like wasn't
screaming he wasn't crying he just was
and he wanted me to be with him which I
love so I just laid in his bed with him
and then I thought like he loved a
flashlight and so I said you stay in bed
don't you move
and he stayed while I went and rummaged
through drawer and found him a
flashlight
it is only yes Jackson isn't bed happy
Calvin isn't bed happy and we probably
had about an hour to like unwind hang
out watch a show in supportable okay
guys thanks so much for watching see you
tomorrow have a wonderful day
good night bye
we shot down a bulkhead shot crying I
just bought this glass of milk what if
you're okay maybe we can take care of
that come back
