what what wait what not the pockets yeah
you drew attention to the pockets always
billion
good morning in my bathroom um I do not
know I I have not done this for what I
have not thought of jared is upstairs
working and he usually works a few hours
in the morning and Calvin will take his
first nap it is quarter to nine so he's
taking his person at and usually I'm
upstairs and I shut my bedroom door and
me and Jackson are in there and I get
ready and it usually doesn't turn out
well uh but this morning I don't know
why I haven't done this I brought my
makeup down I've been getting ready down
here while Jackson has been playing with
his toys we've got some TV going on this
morning um and then he's like you know
in the pots and pans don't slam hey
please don't slam it uh and so yeah I
don't know I haven't done that it's just
he's hot because he's playing and he can
take his cars up the wall and I can get
ready and everybody is happy
just playing along with some music
Tigers well he sounded great hey Jackson
is that grandpa hey Jeremiah Jackson
that means awesome quiet well guys I
have a confession to make and the
confession is this I like to play the
blues and I like to play the blues
because it grew up with it and my dad is
a phenomenal guitarist and everything
and I just grew up listening to all
these awesome you musicians play the
blues and gosh I'm gonna get emotional
talking about this I the past day or so
I've just kind of been down in the dumps
like I haven't been feeling all of that
positive and uplifting and and all of
that stuff but I want to say that it's
okay to feel this way like it's okay to
be down in the dumps every once in a
while because I think if you didn't have
the lows you wouldn't have the highs and
and the important thing is that you
bounce back and you get back up to where
you are there's no real particular
reason why I've just kind of been
feeling down in the dumps and and yeah
you get in ruts and everything and you
know life is like hills and valleys
sometimes the highs and sometimes you
have lows but the important thing is you
get back to up to that high and you're
probably just like Jarrod like of course
everyone goes through this but I know
there's a lot of people in the vlog who
watch us because we are kind of you know
positive and and happy all the time but
like this is real life things happen and
people wonder are you always a party
right yeah
the time we are sometimes in sight I am
grateful that I have the guitar I'm
grateful that I have the blues I'm not
any good at it but I like feeling the
emotion that the Blues brings you do you
have a song that you listen to that like
when you listen to you're just like
that's that's a powerful and that's
emotional you don't have to cry I'm just
like I'm feeling the music I'm feeling
the music I think that's one thing I'm
feeling the music and that's that's one
thing my dad taught me is just like you
just feel it close your eyes listen and
feel it and I'm just down in the dumps a
little bit but the thing is like and I'm
looking at it I'm saying hey like it's
okay it's okay to feel down in the dumps
it's it's important to feel this so you
know what you're grateful for so you
know what you have
count your blessings and just you know
turn it up be positive and just and I
think that's all I needed to do like to
just vent it out whether on the guitar
how in person and everything oh gosh
this is kind of embarrassing but this is
real you know this is just realized
Calvin tell me about it I know all about
it brother
ah I think that's all I wanted to say
staying it now I'm gonna look back at
this while I'm editing in me like Jared
you're such a boob why are you crying so
much what are you making right now okay
Jackson here you go lunch is served what
what wait what not the pockets yeah you
drew attention to the pocket so he's
feeling it Jackson you have a peanut
butter and honey sandwich with some
sweet sweet bananas for lunch Ellie and
I just some macaroni and cheese those
like this world it's good isn't that
look at that look at that what did they
call those cowlicks
I have bad cowlicks whenever I get my
hair cut my cowlicks are
off the charts so okay eat him up
Jackson you're having lunch Calvin you
just had your lunch hanging out like an
old man in the chair I like a shirt
uh-huh
we are here at the local pumpkin walk
and I guess what they do is they have
all of these different themes and they
dress up these pumpkins and paint the
garbin to all of these different
settings and right now we're going
through the tune pumpkin walk and I see
one that's alright you're looking pretty
good we're about to go see it Jackson
Jackson what does a pumpkin say say eat
look there's a pumpkin what does the
pumpkin sing
I don't wanna holder
that's not much of a slide is it Jackson
we had such a good time at the pumpkin
walk there were so many different
awesome creative things and now we're at
Bonnie and Joel's house and what oh
you're tripped over the broom is that
seven years back luck or something like
that
you got a treat is that a good treat Oh
YUM mmm it is an awesome treat Olivia
it's so good yeah well we had a great
time at the pumpkin patch I dropped off
Ellie and the kids at Bonnie and Joel's
house because Ellie's parents are coming
over so what I'm doing is I'm running to
our place real quick to get some pajamas
for the kids because we're gonna put
them down at Bonnie's house for a little
bit and we're gonna have some fun at
Bonnie and Joel's house
spend time with family and never to
break wake up it's gonna be great my god
well I think we can say the party has
officially begun Ellie is showing
everyone the plans that we've been
looking at so we're all huddled around
looking at these these floor plans and I
think we're all pretty excited about it
and say window hair window here we need
you to make a list and make sure
everything's checked off on it pulled
out your reading glasses so we can make
sure it's all good
cool I think we can do that okay we are
going to go ahead and end the vlog thank
you guys so much for watching today I'm
sorry I kind of had a like an emotional
breakdown yeah you know what I yeah they
all have them it's it's totally fine
it's totally good to have those I think
it's important but thank you guys for
the support that you give us every day
it means a lot to us to have you guys
behind us so thank you guys for watching
every day I guess what we're gonna do go
to bed we are going to FaceTime
frightening this baby Finley I think as
of 30 minutes ago
Missy Phillip - so we'll see yeah but
I'm really excited if we do first off
congratulations Brian and Missy that was
so wonderful to welcome a brand-new baby
failed yes that's all you want us to get
those babies here safe yep
congratulations guys we love you I'm
thinking of you bye
tomorrow's gonna be a special day for
Jackson I
