good morning guys tonight Jer and I have
a really big meeting and so I am gonna
try and have this be the only clip that
I talk and because I want to rest my
voice but this morning Jackson crawls in
bed with us he's watching Curious George
and Calvin is five months old today
Hey I always hi Calvin
he's five months old and last night on
Twitter I was asking questions about um
fenugreek and blessed thistle and
mother's milk to kind of like boost your
milk supply up I used Ted a Greek with
Jackson and it worked quite well but
Calvin has stomach issues as it is and
so I don't really want to do fenugreek
because it causes I like gas and stuff
so I don't know I'm just researching on
one of you guys rekt ik recommended I
miss milk calm
they have like lots of things you could
do to boost your milk supply I don't
think I'm like depleting my milk supply
by any means but Calvin is five months
and I can tell he I just think that I
would like to boost just a little bit
but five months old kiddo can I even
believe it I cannot even believe that
Josh can is perfectly content sitting in
his room smelling this candle
and it is pumpkin pie to smell it again
yes what do you think you do you like it
yeah oh it's a pumpkin and what a
pumpkin say yeah a cake I keep telling
myself just don't talk back how am I
gonna blog hmm anyway I'll just talk
because my voice is kind of getting
better
what does the pumpkin say
eeeek I keep saying eek but Jackson is
going to have a big awakening very soon
I think we are kind of hard to push a
car advil and we were going to put
Jackson in a big-boy bed soon so I'm
going I'm a Walmart and I'm just trying
to find him a pillow so yeah he has a
lot of changes coming up lately a geek
oh look so I'm punch that in I need a
punch it out there we go that's not bad
Nick temer at my mom's house I'm gonna
have to show you guys the stars that are
on the ceiling that they put on when I
was like five five eight something
something years old um and my brother
had a room full of them too and I just
saw them walking down the aisle and
Jackson might like that especially we
are making a transition soon I think
that would be kind of cool so I'm
probably to pick up these and they're
like a dollar or two bucks
I hope they last and stay as long as the
ones that are on my ceiling oh hell he's
making a wonderful chicken lunch right
now chicken is that what you're making
that's what oh I was looking at that
what are you making
no I'm making a case yeah oh let's see
kale and Monterey Jack quesadilla anyway
she's making that so I've been putting
away the groceries and I was looking at
this we have a little gallon of milk jug
right here and we cut a hole in it so we
can put all of our grocery bags inside
of it so we can use it for like the
trash can and everything and I was just
like huh I wonder how long we've had
this and let's take a look at the
sell-by date and if you look closely if
it focuses it says December 31st of 2014
we have had this thing for almost an
entire year we have lived here and we've
lived here almost we're you know going
back and through the the one year ago
videos we're almost at the point where
we move like that's crazy to me where
we're gonna be moving soon ah it's crazy
how just time flies don't you think I
thought today a Walmart there was an
older guy
it was just staring at the kids and he
was like because Jackson pulled a rock
out of
and the guy started laughing he goes my
boy pull had a worm in his shirt all the
time he called him blue and I guess the
worm died obviously but uh and he goes
they grew up really fast and I just sat
there and smiled you know in my head I
thought I feel like I I feel like I know
that but I feel like I really do try and
take time with kids like I I feel like
I'm consciously in my head telling
myself to enjoy the time and there's
days that I definitely don't but I
really try to yeah and I think that's
something we all should try a little bit
better as enjoy the moments that you're
in right now instead of looking back and
be like darn I wish I would have done
that more oh my goodness I cannot
believe you are five months old today
you're five months old that blows my
mind that we have been with you for five
months you've been our family for five
months can you believe that what are you
yelling about for what what did you do
buddy pocket he was putting his bananas
in his pockets Jackson getting out do
you have a banana in your butt oh you
are your great Grandpa's great grandson
that's the exact oh my gosh wait wait
wait let me see let me see do you see
that banana oh my gosh okay get it out
take a bite my grandpa was notorious for
any any where there was free food whoo
that was just like available on the
table he would take it and wrap it up in
his standard ship stick in his pocket
I think he even did that with tape once
like oh my gosh that is so funny okay
you just like your pockets don't you he
loves them yeah I mean no is he doing it
again Jackson
all right my kids are troopers because
the past few weeks but then what what
Jackson you just wanted to say mom and
my kids are troopers the past few weeks
month and a half or so and they obey
what Jackson well that is the fall um
the past few weeks few months or
whatever they vent troopers because we
have gone to meetings builders looked at
houses we've just kind of been house
hunting and the kids been troopers
coming along and being happy about it
but the guys at bill are my mom's house
we were going to meet with him to see
what he thinks but that's like an hour
away so we're packing the kids up but I
think Jackson's gonna stay with Grandpa
while we go to the meeting you're gentle
eh um Jackson's can stay at dads while
we go to that meeting so you guys are
coming along with us what are you doing
well we drive Canyon every time we go to
your mom and dad's house and I try to do
time lapses like up right where that
speaker is but the glass is always dirty
doesn't always look good and I'm
thinking to myself I've got a GoPro
let's just strap a GoPro to the top of
the car and then we'll get a really good
shot only a really good angle so here
I'm gonna have you hold this Ellie cares
my phone and this is the preview so you
can see okay whew okay I got the GoPro
all set up now let's just hope it
doesn't fall off there we go do what you
what Mars Mars
I don't know what I'm saying what else
do you see Mars I don't know
I'm 9kt Jared yeah he's didn't record we
stopped twice we see you fighting record
I hit I thought I hit record when we're
at the stoplight buy me ticket
I will cuz the light turn green I hit
back in the contract we put the GoPro on
the top of the car to film a timeline
next time I I forgot to hit record I
think I figured out what the issue was
Ellie first I'm an idiot
second yeah it was I was a little white
dude
oh you're like it was recording well
pulled in so we left the house okay got
to that first stoplight because I did
want to go through that huge long drive
where it's boring the next thing that
happened is that so we got to the
stoplight got out of the car and I want
went to hip go again
turn it on and hit go I had it on photo
burst and not time-lapse oh it took like
three pictures and then stopped
so the icons I got mixed up I thought it
was time-lapse but it was photo burst
well we made it here to Ellie's parents
house we're just waiting to go meet with
a builder and apparently no one's here
all the cars are here but no one's home
so I think we have a huge game of
hide-and-seek going on right now mark oh
I see it Jackson when you see it thumbs
up when you see it hey kiddo what's in
your put in your pocket what is that
it's a car is what else is in your
pocket there has to be more in your
pocket Jackson yeah I know that's not
here I know my grandma's not here
and they're not here I know I'm thinking
the same thing where's grandpa where's
grandma grandpa grandma
I truthfully can say when we eventually
move into our home we will have done all
of the homework we have talked to
probably four or five different builders
and we have gone through probably like
15 homes like we walk through homes
figure out what we want what we don't
want and I am so happy to say mom is
always right and this is the Builder we
just talked to the built my mom's house
and she goes I know you'll like him I
know you like him so he made the drive
down and he sold us we like him and
we're excited I've never I've never felt
better you know because when you meet
people you talk to people about these
things like you have different feelings
and impressions and I've never felt
better like my conscience and everything
going into into it like yeah like that
he just he was so welcoming him so warm
he was such a good guy and I just like
hot on I felt good yeah I felt good he
we were laugh and have a good time his
wife was there we were all chatting just
fit it was nice it was good so I am
extra excited lots of fun things
happening not anytime soon that comes
spring when we maybe get in the house
well today has been a pretty amazing day
there have been lots of things that have
happened today Aspen and Parker got
married congratulations guys that is so
awesome
Brian and Missy are at the hospital
right now waiting out there baby
yesterday may see gains took her very
first steps
Calvin is five months old can you
believe that
and I am house plan I really feel good
about these house beds and it's just is
so exciting to me I think you know this
is fun there there's one thing that
Jarrod I regret we wish we would have
filmed and being single I just us not
the kids look II wish you would have
filmed I think when we were engaged to
him there should be first got married
yeah
and I'm so glad that we're filming like
us getting a house and like we haven't
talked too much about it and Shawn much
about it when we really like gun
like this is what we're doing we're
gonna film like every step of the way
mm-hmm cuz we want you guys to go along
the ride with us so it's gonna be a lot
of fun yeah so good title TVs toilet all
Calvin Oh tell me your guy is late yo
Mirko Rock'em I'll just go get my be
closely thank you guys so much for
watching the vlog today we hope you have
a wonderful weekend do something awesome
with fun and exciting incredible
unbelievable and awesome paint and tile
toy pits and pipes and toads and knob
knobs fridges light fixtures not
dishwashers up because we watch things
my hand I guess I haven't used this I
love here for almost a year we haven't
used that okay guys we'll see you later
thanks for watching bye
member
