ah come on you're so close you can do it
you're so close come on hi bud um hey hi
hey buddy is aren't you so he is look at
you go man yeah you're so close they're
so close there you go
you did it you had a little help from
mom but that's okay
this onesies like stretched stretch cuz
you're getting so big
good morning guys we introduced the log
yet we introduced the log get Jax has
been running back and forth scaring
Calvin but morning guys I think this is
so fun my heart is full this is what
they do when I get ready I get ready and
Jackson runs around the house wild and
tries to make Calvin laughs oh my gosh
Jackson and the babies right good think
Jackson's really good with Calvin but
you heard that huh you came running in
oh yeah
yeah
okay you all a grilling machine it's
time to dust you off and get you cooking
the kids are asleep right now and so
Ellie and I are making some lunch
we are gonna grill some hamburgers
because we have a new recipe and I'm
really excited to try it out a lot of
the times we show you guys exactly what
we make for lunch and dinner and instead
of Ellie's mom's amazing homemade stew
we are making what blue apron has sent
to us which is some southern style
burgers I am very excited to eat that if
it comes right in this box cut up in
portion exactly how you need it in a
refrigerator box and it ships right to
your door for free I'm excited to throw
this meat on the grill and have some
delicious hamburgers I've got these
burgers all seasoned up and they are
ready to go on this beautiful girl right
here I love grilling with this cool
crisp the cool crispness of October
lunch is served my dear does it look
good what do you think the easiest one
to cook good it smells the best I in my
opinion - I'm excited if you guys want
to try out blue apron for yourselves be
sure to click the link down below and
the first 100 people will get two free
meals off of their blue apron order
remember it ships to most of the country
they even have a new recycling program
where you can take your box to USPS and
they'll ship it back to blue apron for
free or they have a list of recycling
centers that you can take close to where
you guys live you guys can cancel
anytime so give it a shot let me know
what you guys think but for now we are
gonna eat these burgers look at him
reach for that Natalie look at that he's
like he's like I want to play I want to
reach for those I want those those
things are spilling spinning and I want
them reach for those oh he's like my
hand in my mouth will do this is really
Karen good this is my favorite favorite
favorite good
Oh
chousen Chuck since you want to color
okay
Jackson come here buddy I want to show
you something
guess what grandma Meachem sent you a
letter should we read it to give Calvin
a hug and kiss from us cause I would
have said that's cute oh no bones about
it can you open it what does it say
oh I'm expecting him to read it Oh
Halloween is creepy fun all the candy
you can get lots of love love you tons
and was that fun from Grandma and
Grandpa to say thank you to Karla look
at me
say say thank you grandma grandpa
alright we are on a mission Jackson we
are on a mission Halloween mission we
have to complete their costumes today
and we're at the store to complete it no
question Jackson what does a pumpkin say
Oh eek so we're getting the kids in the
stroller and everything and I look down
at the the tire and I'm like what the
heck our hopcat fall off it full of
billy wgf might well I think I have an
idea
so do I'm gonna take the kids or do okay
I'm gonna go look for the hubcap real
quick yeah but I have a pretty good idea
of where it might have been when we came
into this parking lot I had to take it
pretty quick and I think it may have
fallen off because it kind of dipped a
little bit so I'm gonna go over here and
check but I have a feeling that it fell
off because of the tire rotations they
had to take it on and on and off and
everything so maybe they didn't put it
back on very very tight so I'm hoping
and crossing my fingers that the hubcap
is just right over there well poop on a
stick it wasn't there
our car has three out of four hubcaps
hey 314 bad
well our first stop for Halloween
shopping was unsuccessful we have
another store that we need to go to for
someone else's costume my cousin owns a
menswear tuxedo suit store just right
over here and we're gonna walk in there
just right over there
we're gonna walk in there and see if
they have something special available
kay Jared's cousin is getting jacked and
fitted for what are they called
suspenders Jax in my work Jackson this
is pretty part of his costume you look
like grandpa this is a little off-center
but that'll work
look I'm gonna I'm gonna snap yeah there
you go
awesome it looks good
bye we've got a light weight on her
hands poor guy can't make it 20 minutes
while we're out in the mouth
he doesn't like Halloween shop yeah yeah
get that gesso get that gas up push it
it out push it out get that get that
guess I'm good that Gaza
get that Gaza push it up push it up push
it up push it yeah double time double
time get that guy so get that I guess
it's a good job better better better
hey I heard dad just did that and he he
ripped it like I was I was just playing
with him and kind of pumping his legs
yep he was whining in the car a little
bit I was like okay pump those legs pump
those like when he chewed a little bit I
didn't get a little mark and he ripped
it I was like no we missed it but it was
so funny bunny tracks itself got my
chicken Hey ah poo poo did you go
oh my gosh is not lying
are you holding on for dear life you're
mean
Calvin did you have a good day today did
you have a good day today huh did you
have a good day today did you have a
good day you are getting ready to roll
over dude that's crazy he is moving so
much aren't you well we're getting the
kids ready for bed so I think we're
gonna call it a night I may or may not
try and stream a game tonight and I have
a question for you guys would you rather
see a stream on Twitch would you rather
see a stream on youtube.com / Jarrod
Meachem so YouTube gaming or twitch and
also what games do you guys play whether
it be on the PlayStation the Xbox the
computer what's your favorite game that
you ever play I'd like to know about
that and then we'll see you guys
tomorrow are you gonna are you gonna be
here with us tomorrow Calvin you're
gonna hang out with us tomorrow say yeah
see ya see you smile here you go all
right guys we'll see you tomorrow thank
you so much for watching have a
wonderful day bye for now bye
