this is so cool that's his rocks that he
got from cleaning out of the dirt what
do you think but if you like those homos
rock
good morning it feels so fresh outside
it's not quite cold
it's just crisp it's fall hi cowboy hi
cowboy you like your boots you like your
boots he is loving the swing yeah I was
inside I thought wow you're swinging I'm
pretty high in there he's holding on
good night
so Jared guess what I just got off the
phone
uh-oh and with whom did you get a lock
on man oh I have an appointment on
Friday and Monday to uh to look at
houses and talk with like a contractor
oh great that's awesome that way we can
get some more options and more opinions
that sounds fun sounds awesome I'm
excited good he has been wanting to come
outside all day we woke up and my mom
had her carpet upstairs cleaned and and
he's been downstairs cooped up so now
we're outside now we're outside he's
happy I hey mom
where'd you go do you care if I film
your carpets in in the past sometimes my
mom's like I've surprised no one talks
about my carpet as much considering it's
pink um and I think we've only had a few
comments about your carpet there's 20
years old and it's good carpet like this
is held up so nicely but moms get her
carpets cleaned and then she said the
next time I clean them I'm not gonna
clean them I'm gonna rip them out and
put either card for her hardwood or
something
yep hopefully this will buy me a couple
of years yeah do something yeah well I I
liked your carpet it makes your home
look bright I like it just thanks
everybody for all my happy birthdays yes
I mean that was just really cute and I
told you the other day that it's really
to see people like from Germany and from
New Zealand England and Australia it's
like having friends all around the world
yeah mom called me she goes I really
want you to make sure to say thank you
and then I mean I space so I'm glad you
said it but mom said remember years and
years ago you'd have like a pen pal
across the world and that was like your
friend she goes what you have is kind of
like a pen pal in there but you weren't
it it so good good friends around the
world shows you have so many good people
around the world that your pen pals with
so thank you guys for wishing my mom
happy birthday so we're just having some
awesome leftovers from last night some
awesome steak and some peanut butter and
honey sandwiches what a classic right
they go so well together oh yeah and
broccoli and bananas and apples well um
I was just thinking we were just talking
over there while we even some some lunch
once Jackson discovered his pockets he
has loved them he puts everything he can
in his pockets Jackson what do you have
in your pockets
what what's in your pockets right now
will you show me what's in there oh you
have some dice in there can you put it
back in your pocket if you look closely
you can see that his whole front there
is full and he's been stocking these did
he do that
well I didn't oh my gosh that's good
Stan I know
did you stock those oh good job well the
kids just have a wonderful nap we're
getting the car packed up because we are
about to go on an awesome adventure
Jackson I'm not sure if you're ready are
you
is that your dice say I'm ready yeah I
had now because left I laid on the couch
I woke up was like oh wow yeah
I feel good we're about to go on an
exciting adventure I can't wait to go
all right Jackson are you ready for this
big adventure are you ready I made it we
got corn belly
we're here at corn bellies with our
friend Vivian say hello Jackson funkin
Mike and Ashley it just so happens to
that that today is the world windiest
day ever in the history of all mankind
so we're probably going to do a fun
little montage are you ready have some
fun Jackson so corn belly's is this
awesome place with corn mazes pumpkin
patches everything you can think of
that's like Fall Festival and Halloween
related scary things bull riders what
are you guys doing over here are you
guys the entertainment for tonight are
you gonna do a show for us probably the
coolest thing that they have is this
giant rocking chair and I think we need
to take a picture in front of it sit on
your bum
you
gemstone mining is what this is called
you select a bag of rocks you place the
part of the baggie into a screen box and
then you shake it and there's like
mister stuff in it this is cool
this is so cool that's his frog that you
got for cleaning out of the dirt what do
you think but if you like those it's
like almost rot
oh my goodness oh my goodness I just sat
on you I did not mean to are you okay -
I squish you like a bug
oh good didn't know this is Jackson's
future girlfriend oh did you hear that
Naomi
do you like Jackson Jackson Jackson
Jackson all day do you like Jackson yeah
do you know I just think you have the
cutest voice in the whole entire world
heard Maisie games yeah um so we are
here we just finished eating dinner not
too long ago we're here at Mike and
Ashley's house we are we're actually
gonna stay the night these guys are oh
that's that's great oh and there's like
yeah that's just how awesome these guys
are they just radiate light this used to
be Journal boss yeah weird I don't even
think of it that way but when you read
that that seminar that you guys did yeah
and jared was like and my old boss he's
here tonight and I'm looking around like
hey that's me yeah we used to Mike and I
used to work together and yeah he was he
was my manager
yeah that's pretty crazy yeah so yeah
it's one thing oh my gosh if anyone in
our industry knows Mike you know Mike
right yeah so these guys are awesome
they are letting us stay the night
tonight so I don't have to drive all the
way back to our house which is like two
and a half hours away so we're staying
the night here because we've got some
stuff to take care of tomorrow but I
just want to thank you guys for letting
us stay here we had a ton of fun today
a corn belly is like I feel like my
heart is full because it's like crisp
outside the weather's turning with
friends and Jackson was so happy like
playing without those rocks are you
kidding me like that was so fun mm-hmm
yeah it was a really good day thank you
guys for for hanging out with us today
doing so
so fun it was great yeah it was great it
was really fun
God bringing these no no problem oh yeah
Calvin's just hanging out right there
here I was like what is he looking at
down there yeah Calvin's just hanging
out did you have a good day today
what was your favorite part my favorite
part is one we want to uh about see
house oh is that so fun good what do you
think of the dogs jumping in the water
okay yeah that was fun
Calvin just did the saddest thing he was
laying here asleep and he got all
uptight and just like let out a big
screech and was crying it was it we all
were like oh this sad but I think we is
time to end the vlog Jer I'm very close
yes
I am fire my back hot chocolate in your
tummy and I sound like a man oh I I
sound like man we're gonna go ahead and
end the vlog thanks again guys these are
our friends and we will see you guys
tomorrow right I think so yeah I think
doesn't plan he has a plan okay
bye hey
