well I guess that's one way to start off
your morning with them scare with some
pee in your pants Jackson tell him what
you did today huh what did you do today
he crawled out of his crib just two
minutes ago and just walked out and I
was walking down the hallway and I was
like what the heck
cuz you don't expect a little toddler
just come walking out of his room when
he's in the crib
checks it I thought we talked about that
are you gonna stay inside your crib and
not climb out okay you better do that or
I'm gonna pinch your nose I'm gonna
pinch your nose
oh good job can you juggle the ball
yeah Jackson Oh is there another ball in
there are you doing good today are you
doing good today oh I love those smiles
can't give me another one give me
another one I'm hungry
I love seeing these chunky legs he's big
guy look how big those thighs hurt
look at you go Jackson then turn on
cement and down can you say yeehaw I
feel like I don't talk enough or a lot
about Calvin and everything but I think
part of me doesn't want people to think
I'm complaining but part of me wants to
talk about it because this is our daily
life you know Calvin we just had a fight
of our life with Calvin yeah he just
just has a hard time gonna sleep it off
any time it rains us you know it's hard
because there's we try different things
we try new things we try the same old
things and he just well and I was
talking to Bonnie last night she goes
think really is it you that's causing it
like have you created habits or is it
him and I was talking to Bonnie and the
chiropractor today I was like honest I
think it's it's him I think that you
know at the moment he was born me he
didn't even just lay in the bassinet
next to the hospital bed and just sleep
he's always had a hard time and he does
have his reflux and his neck is looking
a lot better but who knows he could be
he could be a pain he could be
uncomfortable and so it's draining
because I don't know why he's crying
don't know why think of your brother
beau because he said he remember
like has earliest memories I'm living he
always have headaches yeah I'm like I
wonder if there's just something going
on that we won't know about until he can
actually communicate they never than
crying and it doesn't help that
everyone's getting over being sick but I
I feel bad for Calvin that guy's telling
Josie I can have sleepless nights I can
if I have to hold in my whole life to
see if it's like so B I don't care but
it's it like I don't know what's wrong
what do you want to fix it you want to
have a solution you don't want to just
go and you know with questions you want
to know the answer to it yeah and I feel
like we've had a lot of of progress with
Calvin you know he would be was having a
hard time eating now he's eating like a
champ his neck issues his neck issues
are getting better asleep it'll get
better he's still just a baby well and
my I was talking to my dad last night
he's like you don't hear too many
teenagers getting rocked by their
parents to sleep he's like it'll pass
who's talking yeah I guess that's true
it's like well Jennifer was an exception
that's a joke that's funny but it's so
true I mean these kids will grow out of
it it's just a matter of time and we
just got to stay patient
we are going to try and recreate
something that just happened and made us
laugh so hard
check son are you ready for this Jackson
do you want to go to Grandma's house
yeah do you want to sleep in a big-boy
bed yeah let's make sure you're not just
saying yeah okay do you want to eat poop
for breakfast that's so funny
I was changed I was putting his shoes on
oh it's way funnier what he did he's
like yeah yeah yeah and I said do any
poop Rebecca Smith
yeah um do you want to play the Liz
let's look at the camera do you want to
play with some balloons do you want for
dinner Jackson look at me look at me
joining you for breakfast he's like
getting it that's so great do you want
to do want to give Calvin a hug okay
come give him a hug oh good boy this is
so pretty this sight never gets old to
me
Jerr have you ever been to some efforts
no I haven't you have not I have not
been I've driven past that many many
times but I've never been my cousin's
would come up from Wyoming that was
their favorite place to stop does it
kinda like Cabela's oh not quite but
it's like this country store I'm really
excited to take Jerrod and Jackson there
today and Calvin but he'll just be
sleeping he will appreciate it we're
gonna do this guy like a cow ranch just
like a country store but we need to get
I need a look at Winterson opiates for
our Jackson and he's growing out of his
little Nike tennis shoes he's growing
out of him so um we're gonna look at
some cowboy boots for Jackson don't put
it out with your boots Ted look at those
those are sharp smallest we've got so I
don't know if they will be too big no
he'll definitely be able to grow into
them now
hey let's try these yeah but the other
one on
that is funny here put his pants over
the boots I don't I don't think they
work they might be a little too big that
was like when you see those little dogs
or cats with boots on and they he looks
so good and um we found one size smaller
so let's we'll give these ones a shot so
much better right that was the funniest
thing ever they are much better oh yeah
that's much better that made my day I
don't know if you saw him video that was
funny there you go
his feet will fall in there once he
walks a little bit see he's doing better
already
okay turn around come this way Jackson
turn around come this way
come here
I like him Jared is talking and playing
with the kids and the bus over there you
are funny
we were like first thank Norodom because
you were weird and then after you kept
egging him on they were like oh he's
funny they're like oh yeah he is cool
let's play along yeah can you do it
Jackson hi what do you think you should
have seen him walking in the first pair
the first ones were too big and we were
laughing so hard we have it on film it
is so funny but he's doing much better
than those isn't he oh man those are
good-looking boots love that ok can you
run in them where's your guns so since
we're down here in town I'm here at the
local Best Buy the nearest Best Buy
where they sell this camera that we're
looking I totally forgot that I bought
the geek squad like insurance thing from
Best Buy for this camera so hopefully
I'm crossing my fingers and they'll just
swap it out for me since I got that
insurance thing so I'm about to walk
inside
good old Best Buy and the results are no
dice darn it
they said if anything like what they
would do is they would send it off to
the factory take apart the camera clean
the lenses put it back together and then
send it back to me and they said it
would take about two to three weeks and
right now that we're at Ellie's parents
house we can't just send off her camera
because we need it with us so
unfortunately as it stands right now we
weren't able to switch the cameras out
so we're stuck with a little bit of dust
it doesn't lens right around here
they're somewhere around there but I
hope it doesn't bother you guys too much
this kid is finding anything to play
with
you being rambunctious he's been doing
it earlier he's been really good at it
blow your nose oh okay now look Jackson
we kick grandma like this like this
again do the kid you melt my heart we
get grandma Ellie is getting Jackson in
bed and just like we mentioned earlier
he loves to sleep in a big-boy bed so I
want to show you what they're doing
right now are you gonna be a good boy
tonight yes he asleep good stay in bed
why she can stay in bed I guess the
third time's the charm
okay you'd be a good boy okay say
bye-bye well I say I love you say yeehaw
okay we'll see how long that lasts
I just picked up Calvin and as soon as I
picked him up he started he started
sleeping and stopped crying
but I'll keep my ear out cuz I just
you never know is he like laying down so
what are you guys doing we don't need
the Realtors anymore
mom has is drawing us house plans let me
guess you drew that you know I copied
most she's being drafted drinks for
footage and you don't want office over
here over here you have oh you'd have
all the windows do your office I think
you'd rather look out and see the kids
playing in your backyard it out straight
yeah
and that is it for today but tomorrow we
have somewhere really fun that we're
going that we're taking the kids so are
you eating where I don't know is it my
face and I'm just moving it yeah
tomorrow's gonna be really fun so stay
tuned for that and I'm losing my voice I
need to stop talking
