I don't know if you can see all the
birds there they are they are just going
that's crazy
there are so many birds I think their
lens is dirty our lens is so dirty and
the thing is on the inside yeah this
camera we've talked about on camera
before we like it but the quality of the
g7x is is so good what for how expensive
it is there's little tiny things that
bother ya there's tons of any time we go
outside and the Sun is like flaring or
anything like that you see all the dust
particles in it it bothers me along um I
jarrod and I this morning we woke up or
actually last night yesterday we've
talked about the past few nights have
been crazy rough with the kids and yeah
yeah yeah you tell me
and last night once again we didn't
sleep like her they are all kevin was up
all night trying so this morning we woke
up and were like there's no way we're
taking the kids to church like they're
sick we don't feel well
and so just kind of had a lazy day
rested a lot I took a nap and that felt
awesome I'm so glad that I was able to
do that but we're on a walk and I just
Kelvin fell asleep in my arms today and
I was pretty
yes sweetheart when you sleep just
kidding um but we're on the walk and I
just asked you a question
I said I hope you don't care that I say
this I just said a year ago we moved
here almost next month it'll be a year
where's Ike just cuz we're walking
against the wind flip that up and
that'll help a little help the wind ooh
see we're all sorts of things so a year
ago when we lived here I said do you are
you glad we live where we live do you
wish we would have like looked a little
harder or you know went somewhere else
and it part of me wishes that just a
little bit but Jericho's absolutely not
we have a steal of a deal and it's
helped us be able to save up for a house
and I'm really excited that we've been
house hunting him I asked Jared earlier
when we were walking I said you feel
like you'll feel any different when we
move into an actual house at first I was
like yeah I feel a lot different but I
like your answer really better I said I
said of course I'll definitely like
living in a house because it'll make us
feel like we're in the next chapter of
our life but at the same time you know
the thing about life is though life is
what you make of it not necessarily
where you are and I like the answer I
liked it a lot I feel like I mean some
people really like high school some
people really don't I didn't really have
a reason to not really like it but I
just always thought oh when I move out
of high school and get married like I'll
feel complete and I did feel a lot more
complete when I got married and then I
thought crazy complete when we had our
kids but I think Jared's answer like is
perfect like it really doesn't change
how you know certain there's milestones
and certain goals and like really I
don't know it just a little more storage
talking no I know exactly what you mean
and the thing is no matter where we live
no matter what we live in as long as
we're together and have each other
that's what's important yeah
and so cuz I feel no different now than
I did you know when we lived in our very
first apartment yeah you know going to
college I I seriously am as happy as I
was that day that we moved into that
apartment as I am now in this apartment
as I was in the apartment before that
house you know what the biggest
difference will probably be though
though probably make us feel the most
complete the yard
no and the dog and a dog fighting things
this past week or so or especially
because we've been looking more this
week but the past like month month or
two that we've been looking for a house
is we keep talking about a dog and we
kind of know about the timing on dogs we
want to make sure we have a sense and
stuff when we move in and if we move
into a house when we think we will maybe
you're on spring or something but no
it'll be really fun the time that we get
a dog I think Jackson you will will just
love it you will love it and so will I
I'm so will I and so will Calvin it's
just like he's loving this
I wrap it very tight but yeah I'm
stifling again I should have brought a
handkerchief told me to hold this schwa
alright Jackson today was kind of really
funny and I want to see if he'll do it
again
because we were just about to go on our
walk and he was just making all these
funny little sounds I was like are you
singing and he said yeah so Jackson can
you sing a song
okay keep singing sing a song when we
were in the house it was so funny
because he was I just watched her a
bunch of I he was just going on for like
a couple minutes it was just like Dido
doo dee da dee dee da doo doo dee dee
dee down the stairs like the correct way
all day he keeps going down just forward
and not turning around and it's just
crazy like how fast momentum like life
is taking last like of kids and then
just been saying you know what there's
there's a word and I can't remember
where these where I sound saw these but
do you have you ever thought like when
you're driving down the freeway and you
see all of these cars and you're
thinking to yourself holy cow all of
these people are going somewhere they
have something that's going on they have
history and their brains like they
everyone has this thinking something
yeah everyone has a story well I guess
that that that emotion that you feel
when you think that I think it's called
sonder Esso nder but there's also a word
that describes the feeling you get that
the older you get the faster time goes
and I can't remember what that is but my
dad and I were talking the other day and
I was just like I cannot believe how
fast time is flying and he's like Jarrod
just you wait just you wait because the
older you get the faster I go and it
totally feels like that when I was a kid
I remember summer vacation felt like an
entire year and I loved it and the
school year fell for oh yeah that's
master I just feel like does your sense
of time change home yeah now we have to
like and I feel like we really enjoy it
but it goes so fast and maybe it's
because we enjoy it that it go so fast I
don't know but I wonder I want to know
why that phenomenon is the way it is
like why why does time go faster the
older you are
maybe the world is spinning faster times
going faster we just don't know are you
thinking like the NSA you're kind of
you're kind of say you know what the Red
Nosed I don't know I've just been
thinking while we've been looking at
houses and everything it's true life is
what you make of it my is what you do
not necessarily where you do those
things but what you do so I think that's
kind of just a message this week the
message for today how we feeling yeah
take advantage of the time that you have
right now what would you do if you
weren't afraid if you're trying to do
something or want to do something try it
out and take the steps that you need to
do to get to where you want to be you
know if you're sneaking out a promotion
don't just wait for it ask to see what
you need to do ever when you asked for
one that your old job I remember we're
like Jared you were like he kept hitting
the goals and he was doing what he was
supposed to be and we were like you
should ask for a promotion and Jed's
like they're not gonna give it to me do
you remember that was this ad which one
and the one in American force and it was
not a big one but they gave you a little
bit and like yeah we could do that yeah
they gave me they gave me a little raise
and I thought that was great
and then right after that I got into the
accelerated program so it's like you
know things work out like that every
once in a while you just kind of make
sure you're setting yourself up and
doing the things that you need to do and
you know take initiative I think that's
another thing take initiative yeah we
live in a beautiful area gosh and that's
another thing we never take advantage of
where we live
it's crazy how much you want to do with
it a lot of hikes but then it's like I'm
sure next year we'll have a lot more I
definitely think that I think next year
we're gonna go on a lot of hikes and do
a lot because we used to if you guys
watch the vlogs from the very beginning
we did that almost every week yeah like
once a week we would try and like go out
and do like hikes look at waterfalls
well we're out here getting some fresh
air trying to get a little bit better
from being cooped up inside all day
thank you guys for the continued support
that you give us every single day you
yes I'm talking to you yes you right no
don't don't look away don't thank you
and I'm excited for the rest of the week
we're gonna do some fun stuff until
Halloween if we feel better we'll go do
a few fun things and I've got some fun
ideas for for in the kitchen too so
don't you look so surprised I've been
planning some stuff - thanks thanks for
watching guys and we'll see you tomorrow
bye bye Jackson can you say goodbye
can you sing sing a song keep singing
say bye
