good morning guys sickening
Sica mania
hey granny
Wow the past several nights have been
crazy but last night topped it off um
Jared woke up and he his throat is so
sore my throat is a sores like my
headache is there Jackson has a
lingering little cough and Calvin is
just sadder than senator than all
sadness not right now but at night you
are good at night you are so guess what
today's Saturday it's the weekend we're
just gonna relax
so I'm gonna take a bath and I usually
share Jax's now you're saying it is that
take a bath so take it back take your
bath
I usually share my lush Jackson birthday
such a nice long and I I got this
eggnog bath bomb I'm not going to use
that today I don't have you know that
bath bomb I'm gonna use this I got
yesterday and I got one for my mom it's
like bark bark
it smells like mint and chocolate like
peppermint and after you washed your
body you like scrubber on your body and
it kind of exfoliates the skin yeah that
on it and anyway this is like
conditioning and moisturizing and really
gonna get smells good
yes I just liked it they say you can eat
everything in lush it's not good but you
could technically eat it but no it
doesn't taste like chocolate this is
what I'm going to use today I keep using
bubble bath that has sparkles in it and
usually I don't like to guy stuff cuz I
don't want my bathtub to be all sparkly
but I have it so there we go
let's take a bubble bath Jackson yeah
whoa are you a chef are you give you a
chef for Halloween yeah all those
bubbles like crazy on your head punk
okay Jackson are you ready to help me
with something very important
yeah you are okay there was a long time
ago when Jared was at his old job that
there was this one game that he really
wanted and one day I was grocery
shopping that is your ball one day I was
grocery shopping and I picked up that
game and he came home from work and saw
on the table and was so excited he just
oh I was just calling him what if he
heard me cuz this is a surprise
I went to his voicemail that would have
been so bad I would have blown the
surprise
uh but Jared came home and oh he's
calling me back
I am so bad and so he came home and had
that that game and he just it was just a
wonderful surprise to him it was
something thoughtful that I knew he
wanted and I got it for him well as when
Jared and I got married we had extra
money on gift cards to Target and a lot
of people were like why would you just
give Jared that gift card and that money
so that he could buy a Playstation why
would you do that use it for grocery use
it for this and in my head I just
thought I got everything I wanted and
the wedding really was not about me but
a lot of it is you know and so I gave
him the gift card so that he could buy
something fun for him we've had that
PlayStation for six years we use it to
watch movies on we've used a lot there's
a new PlayStation that came out and I
know Jared really wants it and I've
heard that you can use the PlayStation
to stream directly to YouTube so instead
of doing twitch he could like play games
and stream it directly to YouTube I just
know that he has really been wanting one
and I want to do that surprise again and
come home and surprise him with
something to show him my I mean of
course the he knows I appreciate him but
just - it's just fun and it's once in a
while and I know he wants it and it's
been six years so let's retire our old
Playstation and let's go get him a new
one do you guys want to come along
Jackson should we go get daddy something
really fun yeah let's go oh my goodness
there's one left Jackson there's only
one left that means it's a sign that
means we really should get it I think
this is the one that he's in wanting the
Uncharted I remember I glue the gold I'd
want it to because it's gold
I can go get it and Jared thinks that I
was out getting soup ha ha ha ha I like
it's lunch time let me go get some soup
he is gonna love this
he's gonna love it ok Jackson let's go
give us to dad come on contacts it you
have anyone looked at me oh well I know
that you are not feeling well but I also
know that sometimes it's really fun to
have a huge surprise oh my god thanks
Jackson
and it's perfect because Bonnie actually
called me and was like my kids can we
come over and play like I think her kids
are wanting to play so we can kind of
have a lazy day yeah taking the right
one like we have one no of that oh my
gosh Ellie like my heart is racing right
now well I love you and I think you are
a very hard worker and a good dad and a
good husband and you put up with me
because I joined the bots like we always
we always say this we joke of course a
little boss but like why are we saying I
always tell Jared like you think your
boss is bad wait till you meet mine yeah
I'm not crazy boss you know with us you
know working from home and stuff you're
Declan rocks anyway I just want you to
know that I love you and especially when
I found out you could stream straight to
YouTube I was like yeah I'm gonna go get
it for him Ellie you are the best you
are so sweet and kind and generous and
loving and everything and on the side
now it's my mom and Emmas birthday happy
birthday mom and have
birthday mom and Emma Emma is just the
sweetest she's a Spitfire Jerry run off
to buy something that he needs to
install or do something with his
PlayStation I think Jared is very happy
Kelvin is asleep it is like 12:30 and
mine and Lincoln are so the first time
napped today so it's like 7:00 in the
morning
but like Calvin's not cranky or anything
but I'm like you've been up for like
four hours four and a half five hours
like you have to be tired but um yeah
he's finally asleep and these kids are
just playing they're having so much fun
through oh wow that's a far throw
company Wow look at that Wow he's
throwing rocks everyone was just playing
out there when Calvin wakes up we're all
gonna go to the little park by our house
okay you kiddos look at me
you got stickers you got stickers Boston
you have a sticker did Jackson get
clothes outside so Jackson he's making
his way in the all the kids have
stickers on their faces and I saved the
turtle sticker I'm gonna put on Calvin
okay everyone has stickers where do you
want it Calvin Beaufort head okay there
you go turtle there's your sticker no
we'll get the two rocks on the way back
you already have one if you have you at
the rocks you have okay if we made it
across the street now you can go meet up
with your cousins Jackson's a little
slower because every Rock he sees he has
to examine it and see if it's worth
picking up yes
that rock was worth it no that's too big
to fit in your pocket
no no it's too big Jackson Oh
he's trying so hard come on let's go
he's so strong that's pretty good
pull-up you do a pull-up who are you
kill a body like watching I think my
little turtle loves the grass those
little toes are playing in it he's
trying to get his pink in his mouth
little turtle oh there you go you got it
there you go
oh now you don't wait what do we see oh
my gosh it's you know yeah oh my
goodness what is that I've never in my
life seen without really oh yeah it's
like a little caterpillar is it all
itchy
why are you going to bathroom and wash
your hands look he's he's kind of he's
kind of shriveled up and in a defensive
stance like I know what I'm talking
about it's like a little caterpillar but
it's there's another name okay like
those snugs and you and caterpillars
poke their head out and sound like that
yeah like I can't remember what the name
is Jackson guys can you see this thing
it's like moving oh my gosh look at it
go look at it go what do you guys think
is that crazy touch it that's a joke
Oh guys that's so cool can you tell how
many legs it has if you don't want to
look at him he's getting ready to move
why's it doing that just does that scare
you Boston huh Jackson do you what do
you think do you like that yeah
oh no Jackson it's raining we got to go
inside we got to go inside it's raining
he's like I like the rain Jackson can
you dance in the rain Jackson can you
dance dance mama dance oh you've got
some moves dance oh wait you see rain
yeah rain rainy you have to see this are
you guys looking for the toys good you
guys sticking together sticking together
like a group using the buddy system
yeah good job
okay good thanks Cody for showing them
where the toys are we're looking for any
sort of Halloween costume that we can
come up with for these kids I know
exactly what I'm gonna do so I hope it
works out because I think I'll be
hilarious but of course we have to run
to the toy section Jackson are you
writing back the Batmobile yeah Jackson
Keisei I'm Batman
we think that's really cute evil eyes
like us but that was just funny when he
was doing it pushes his body into that
you know as I rock Jackson he just
pointed to his crib he wanted to get in
his bed so bad he was done having me
rocking it was kind of cute he just was
like pointing to the crib but Jared and
I didn't find anything at cold yes so we
are going to just order the kids stuff
online I don't know if it made it into
the vlog the one time I asked what do
you guys think we should have the kids
dressed up as Halloween we know we know
what we have in mind but yeah I know
what I want to be I know what I want to
be but I'm not gonna say anything
because I want it to be really funny so
but I think yeah I think we'd get
something figured out for these guys
what do you guys I think you should be a
turtle he's so ticklish look at this
ready say yeah we hope you guys had a
wonderful weekend we sure did even
though we weren't feeling all that great
we're feeling a little bit better are we
really good day being with family and
friends oh thanks for watching the vlog
today and we'll see you guys tomorrow
bye
