Jackson did you bonk your head on the
door again so easily yeah dude you got
these doors over that he was walking and
you can't look this way
moving it come from
I'm getting ready for the day we are
celebrating my mom's birthday her
birthday is tomorrow and we are going to
take her shopping Bonnie and I as a gift
we thought what does one need what does
mom want what does she need and one but
usually doesn't do for herself we are
gonna go and take her and go buy her
maybe a few fall winter sweaters and one
of the things that I don't know if she
needs what if she does I want to get him
for her is these pants I got these when
I was shopping at Bonnie at Nordstrom's
here I'll go on them here so you can see
and you can't really see anyway I got
these at Nordstrom's and I've had them
for how long it's probably kind of
embarrassing not to me because you don't
really need a wash pants I like hardly
ever wash my jeans and but usually what
I would wash my jeans is because they
lose a shape so when we go shopping
today I want to see if maybe mom needs a
pair and have her try some of these on
because they are awesome I think you
should do a lesson on safety first
Jackson that will cut your mouth open
Jackson don't put it in your mouth all
right Jackson we're celebrating
grandma's birthday today so you need to
look your absolute best so we're gonna
get you a nice good shape okay oh good
job
okay all right are you ready to shave
we're gonna start right here right on
the mustache kay your tree hmm
good job okay now come over here good
job I got you good job all grandmas
gonna think you're so handsome okay now
start shaving start shaving some more
every month I get really excited when my
Harry's box comes because I love getting
a really great shape at a really good
price if you guys want to try out
Harry's and get a really great shape for
yourself go to Harry's calm and I even
have a coupon where you can get five
dollars off your order for example get
the Truman set for only ten bucks they
ship it right to your door it's a really
great gift idea too so and because a lot
of people don't even think about shaving
as a gift which is a gift that keeps on
but seriously go to harrys.com check it
out I'll have a link down below get $5
off your order there and yeah I hope you
like it just as much as I do
okay everyone looks good everyone feels
good let's go to Grandma's let's go
celebrate with cream off let's go
celebrate with Queen I can't see you cuz
the sun's coming through oh yeah you a
sign or is it oh brother
I'm kidding gonna say gamma gamma but we
just about how to meltdown Jackson about
got in the car without a rock so we are
at grandma's rock pit picking up a few
rocks we've got to make sure we pick up
some good ones
hey no there we go now we won't have any
tears now are you ready to get me
literally was like no alright I think
the party is about to start we've got
babies be on babies babies babies babies
babies babies babies babies
and lastly little Lincoln we're about to
party Ron we can go parties happy
birthday
as the boys go off and play in the play
area
girls go shop you're part of the girls
sister I got a treat yesterday all of us
to share
Camus mama pick out some panda G K Livia
what do you think of her best
I think this size yeah yeah Bonnie and I
were thinking it might be fun for mom to
get at us because she has short hair so
her hair is not gonna be in the way in
Annoying doesn't move it's cute you like
it I love it yeah do you like it I do
and your jewelry with it so cute right
now I think it's super I think oh yeah
lately different than this but you would
yeah we're all of my taste is in there
like happiness Bonnie no yep yep all the
scream north time you do yes you do but
you're you it's cute we almost had some
tears we were just ready to go meet up
with the boys and Olivia where did we
have to go back I have to go to the
basketball I have to go to wash guys can
you smell it from here
can you smell much from here we cannot
wait to go mom oh you got y'all shopped
we gotta go get a bath bond pony don't
know on happy birthday Bonnie and I and
all the other girls we love ya but we
seriously have to go get a bath bomb
Olivia was almost into well I told I
said honey maybe
just won't get one today and she was
like what it's Terry
okay let's go get a bath bomb don't
laugh at me please I walked in and he
goes maybe in a while he was yeah I had
a baby yeah
how did baby and a husband and but I'm
here now yeah thanks no no yeah yeah
yeah yeah you are pregnant
well you deserve of course I'm like yeah
rum pum rum pum rum pum rum pum pum tan
tan-tan tan tan-tan tan tan-tan tan
tan-tan tan tan-tan tan tan-tan Amanda
bottom tada
I just broke it wow I've never been to
this place it is so sad
Jackson do you want to go play we were
so tired
he's like froze oh there it goes ready
set go
that's cute
set the slide it's so soft
display area honestly is so awesome Joel
and I were talking earlier we had all
the kids here while the girls are
shopping they were like wouldn't it be
so cool for us as adults to play lava
here don't you think
like I would I would this is like the
positioning is perfect jumping from one
place to there oh you stepped in the
lava let me show you how it's done
the parents we did I get these adults
out of here that is good it's just like
running around and doing all that oh
yeah we should try and rent it out
sometime not be sweet
last time we came here Jackson was way
too scared to go in the water area over
his pants are soaked dangers guy hit me
you missed it he just says water cage or
enter again he's so Jackson Julian I
read before does that right hey let's go
he's thinking about it
Jackson fell asleep was a rock behind
him was that even comfortable I don't
know hurry and take him in and be really
really quiet I was sitting on the couch
and I looked over here
this was my stroller as a kid a little
baby stroller Julie may disagree
naturally yours was pink mine was the
purple one um maybe not I don't know but
I was like I think Calvin would easily
fit in here Oh baby in a stroller Hey
okay okay okay with that big straw hat
thing you'd wearing grandma's - yes and
dad's old phone
oh he's sort that picture we should find
it we have to find that your sauce
grandpa's sauce hmm twinsies Josh ready
I'm cheating on your big toe okay
Lincoln and Calvin you two got it under
control
you two okay I need to go check on the
kids outside no getting in Grandma and
Grandpa's drawers okay you behave okay
Lincoln okay
oh you look like you'll behave just all
right okay your altar keep an eye on it
okay
but I can hear you all the way through
the through the neighborhood so I think
it's my turn
yes it is
power-steering well we're just wrapping
up a wonderful day spending it with mom
and dad's celebrating her birthday to
Jax and he's like oh yeah I want to be
involved happy birthday mom tomorrow
right thank you you're so welcome
day-to-day yeah I wanted to show you
real quick I just put Jackson in the car
and I found an exorbitant amount of
rocks in his car seat that he was
sitting on on the way here from today so
let's let's count them shall we
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 10 rocks Cal or
Jackson was sitting on I don't know how
that's comfortable just around the
corner and I wonder what are you going
to be getting you know he actually had
eaten those earlier was it not here to
tell you he must have been he's a
squatty potty yeah are you really a jack
keep it oh yeah Jackson's probably the
one kid in the world who will want coal
for Christmas he made it very special
for me today and you've just been really
cute with me thing well thanks for
dinner
we'll see ya what bye bye sweetheart
well we got home not too long ago we put
Jack's in the bed he is out like a lion
TV fell asleep in the car I just took
him and I laid him right down and he
always wakes up whenever we get him out
of car but he was just so exhausted from
having so much fun today with his
cousins we made it home and we're having
an awesome night guess who were talking
to on the Google hangout say what's up
there's Colin and Katie and Brian and
Missy what's up
this guy is partying with us aren't you
yeah are you having a good night with us
yeah all right guys thanks so much for
watching the vlog today we will see you
tomorrow have an awesome weekend bye bye
for that I'm ready
how am i right fine I just turned it on
he is snoring
