good morning guys we're starting off the
day was a little frown on our face
Calvin had a miserable night he was up
all night I think he might have little
ear infection so Ellie has been rocking
him for the past like two hours so let's
go take a peek and see how they're doing
how are you well maybe you should drink
I called the pediatrician we have an
appointment
you kind of happy when you're ranked you
look at you buddy packing on those
pounds yeah how much 1114 penis who do
you say hi to yourself look at you
you're standing on there so good this
morning was quite the rush out the house
we made it to our doctor's appointment
Calvin is pretty happy but they're gonna
check his ears and we're gonna have
Jackson's chai just cuz her hair might
as well he has a little cough but he's
not you know anything like how Calvin's
been this is totally different than last
night huh yeah yeah that was sad like it
was seriously in the middle of the night
like he was just screaming painful cry I
don't know we'll see but you are so so
sad well sir the doctor says maybe it's
just his luck off that's bugging them
but no ear infection for you but you
have an awful little virus in his little
coffin in your throat and he said that's
another reason why they had pulled their
face so we just got to get you better a
few more days you'll be better okay okay
okay
I'll hold you and cuddle you in Rafi in
the meantime cuz that's your favorite
well we're here at the cemetery we're
here to pay our respects to Grandpa
we're here with family just havin a good
time
grandma has some things planned for us
that we'd like to do and we're just
going to take the next a little bit and
be with some family right now
you
you
you
close your eyes
close your eyes close your eyes
core asleep
both boys in bed check one boys asleep
check Galvin um and cleaning up our
office check that was all so much stuff
in our filing cabinet just the old
papers and stuff that were my work
tuck stuff Jackson uh there are two
things that are certain in life death
intense and taxes we were with family
today most of the day and so we
basically just hung out and had a good
time and talked about grandpa and
reminisce on his life and and that's
kind of how I want to think of him as I
want to remember his life and not focus
so much I'm on you know what happened a
year ago he was one of the greatest
examples and every single day I think
about him and how I want to live up to
his example and be the example that he
was for his family for my family if I
can be half the man that he was I would
be very very happy he was strong he was
honorable loving honest honest clean
just just the guy you want to be like
and the guy you want to be friends with
that's the kind of guy my grandpa was
and I want to be just like him
a year ago in a couple days I put out a
tribute for his funeral and I'm going to
have that in the video description I
want you guys to go take a look at it
because it means a lot to me it's very
special to me and because he's special
to me so I'll have that link down below
thank you guys for your support I know
today wasn't the most you know full day
but we just wanted to take time and
spend it with family and talk with
family and everything so thank you guys
for your support for your love and
appreciation we are very grateful for
you guys in in understanding what we do
every single day woman screaming yeah go
get a night that's okay she's such a
good mom and I'm grateful for her and
I'm grateful for her example and the
strength and that she has that she shows
every single day I could not be any
happier with Ellie she is the love of my
life and I'm so lucky and grateful to be
married to her
thank you guys for watching the video
today thank you guys for all the love
and support that you've given us on
Twitter and Instagram and Facebook we
love you guys and I already said it but
I'll say it again gosh darn it we
appreciate you so thank you guys for all
that you do every single day thanks for
you do every day oh well thank you have
a wonderful day and we'll see you guys
tomorrow
it's Ellie's mom's birthday tomorrow
Saturday yeah we're celebrated tomorrow
dings really total operating life we're
celebrating life that's right thank you
guys for watching you I'll see you
tomorrow
hi bye
you
