can we take this beautiful morning to
appreciate two things first let's
appreciate that this has to be the
cutest outfit I have ever seen a plain
white onesie and the cutest flannel
pants look how cute that is like how
cute you are
and the second thing let's appreciate
that Calvin is getting some hair look at
this look at this tough to focus on
those little here is look
I put a lotion on his facing then kind
of grabbed it on his head and it was
able to kind of like stand up a little
bit see see you're getting some hair is
she not gonna be a Baldy forever
something I don't appreciate as a cough
and especially when my baby has a cough
poor Calvin
you were happy though he was up a lot
last night with a really really
raspy wet cough and something that
worries me is that it's getting colder
and I would hate for him to get croup
and I'm not quite sure if babies get a
coffin then it turns under croup or if
they just get croup it was just a good
one but um yeah it kind of worries me so
last night like four in the morning I
was like googling croup and the symptoms
and everything and they say if they're
happy and stuff you in they are
breathing well it's not too much to
worry about but then they say like if it
gets really bad they they won't sleep
they won't
don't just cranky all day they can't
really breathe very well his breathing
seems to be okay it's just a really
really kind of raspy wet cough so we're
going to keep an eye on you
what's going on yeah he just he just I
know we're heading there and just like
Jared Oh Calvin
I didn't pitch him anything
oh those are tears I'll go rock him over
rockin yeah this is a rock
I just got Jackson ready for the day and
guess what she has a flannel shirt he's
missing a button on the top but I just
thought oh that's cute okay I'll take
I'll take a leg or rock him I've got
Jackson hi oh there's your rock he shows
he is right we're going to the
chiropractor here it's gonna finish
getting the video up and I called the
doctor
office and they said doesn't sound like
crew but with how little he is if it
gets worse by Friday I definitely bring
him in and I'll just have to be an extra
baby come on bad love you that's one be
good be safe Jackson okay be good and
safe because utilize your dad got old
real fast
hey you young whippersnappers you be
good okay
get off my lawn oh man Honda lit up
eclipse I gotta get going I'm a little
dizzy okay we'll see you bye bye this is
what Jackson does I said you hold still
and you just kind of like kept fitting
up stay right here he just kind of like
kept his arms straight cuz when I get
sorry I'm clear up here here watch your
head
when I get when I get Calvin out of the
car
I say you stay right by me and he
usually holds right right still you do
really good and then you see airplane on
my hand
good job it's so fun like okay guys I
know I'm all over the place I only have
one other hand um but it's just so fun
having a toddler like he's learning and
he's starting to listen and be better
and it's just my you're just my little
mini human being and yeah yeah it looks
night and day difference oh you could
have a good normal neck now you're just
looking around like you just don't care
I've got this and you're a juggling fool
there's a guy in the waiting room that
was juggling with them that's cute hello
how are you I am grabbing the camera
right now I'm going downstairs because
we are going to film a video for Ellie's
Channel and this isn't just any old
video look at the light on me this is
probably one of the greatest videos that
will ever be on the channel because it
is
Beth - chocolate chip cookies you'll
ever have Jackson are you excited to
make this video with mommy yeah oh
you've got some bread there yes Ellie is
making a video for her channel it's
gonna be great I'm very excited because
these are some of the best darn cookies
I've ever put in my mouth you ready to
do this Ellie belly yes let's do it
we're at little break point where we
have the cookie mix has to be in a
fridge for a little while and this
little guy fell asleep and his hand is
right there we also have a little bit of
a mishap Cal or Jackson spilled the can
of pumpkin mix on the ground and it got
everywhere most notably that we haven't
been able to clean up yet right up there
and all right oh my gosh look at that I
have a story about food on the ceiling
one time a growing up Bonnie oh the oh
so nice sister Bonnie and she was doing
dishes and Julie and I were in the
living room not helping we were laughing
playing not listening to her Bonnie
grabbed the ketchup bottle and slammed
it as hard as she could on the cabinet
and went hey help me
and as she slammed in my mom's kitchen
you could see the ketchup flying into
the living room
it got on the TV it got on the ceiling I
feel like five years went by and there
was a little ketchup stain above our
dining room table but this reminds you
of that incident of Bonnie on anyway is
just so funny because every time you
would like have dinner we'd all look up
and see the smallest ketchup mark and
that was that's a story about my
childhood
since then Julie and I have learned to
listen and since then bonnie has become
a little nicer well kids are in bed now
it is cleanup time Jared you you clean
that ceiling up well I'll do the dishes
and Friday the delicious cookies will be
up on my channel on Friday Jackson
Jackson can you go get them a hug
go give him a hug I saw you
yeah though you're kind of being feisty
with him your water jet had me good job
but on some planet Earth I see that's
the first time I've seen you stick up
for yourself possum what do you want you
want cookie okay well come here I've got
a cookie right here but first say uncle
chairs the best no but your back oh you
convincing here you go there's a cookie
just for you Oh give me a hug come give
me a hug your favorite uncle no give me
a hug but no put your arms around me
Boston Boston
I just mama we are going to talk to a
few builders we're going to talk to key
people and walk through some homes just
you will say hi to Grandma thank you
Jackson is so cute to be we're talking
with a couple builders basically to get
some layout some floor plans and
everything or for some in for some
properties that we've been looking at so
that's it's exciting so we're waiting on
one of the builders to show up here and
we've been waiting for about 10-15
minutes we went outside for a little bit
but now we're back in the car
the a/c is way better and uh someone's
having a little a little fun yeah those
are the keys don't touch her I used to
do that when we would get in the car my
mom's like you cannot come with me to
the grocery store I would sneak in the
back and I really would show and I was
like flip those on so by the time she
turned the car on music was loud it was
my pen and she would Oh Jackson let me
see it yeah you got a few rocks saved in
your shirt
look oh there's another one you got get
it make sure save those those are
special yeah
okay Jackson we're gonna look at
someone's house can you can you take the
rocks out of your shirt can you get them
all well I think you have a dirt clod in
there yeah you got them all oh we miss a
couple there you go okay hold my hand
let's go
holy Toledo compadre that turned out to
be a lot longer than we initially
anticipated all of our meetings got
pushed back at least an hour so we're
like home an hour or two later than we
initially wanted to so all of us are
thirsty and hungry we picked up a quick
little pizza from Little Caesars and
we're just grabbing a bite to eat before
this kid goes and hits the hay you ready
to hit the hay yeah I don't know what
you said there did you have a good day
today it drains you I like I don't know
what drains me more having a brand brand
new born like not sleep or like hard
times eating or house hunting thing is
it what dresses yeah and the difference
between me and Ally is this Ellie thinks
about every single last detail
throughout the entire process and and I
feel bad because I'm like yeah that
looks good let's do it and nil he's like
well George you got to think about this
you got to think about this you got it a
bunch like I like all day we've been
talking numbers
numbers are hard for you anyway so I I'm
just like so we're gonna need some
dinner and then these kids are going to
sleep is that good
yes god it's good are you all cleaned up
now you look so much better okay are you
ready yeah say let's go say let's go the
kids are asleep and Ellie and I are
going to spend the rest of the evening
together watching a movie that's what
we're gonna do is watch a movie hey you
can't fight a large energy
I just had some pizza anyway that's
gonna be it for today guys thank you
guys so much for watching the vlog today
tomorrow is going to be a it's gonna be
a day where we take the day and spend
time with family and remember grandpa's
the one-year anniversary of his passing
so um yeah I hope grandmas doing okay
and we're definitely gonna be there for
her tomorrow yeah yeah we're very
excited to see her and be with family so
thanks for watching guys and we'll see
you tomorrow hi
member
