last night was no different than any
other night Jackson has been waking up
at least once during the night on
whether it's a fever poopy diaper he's
teething he's kind of been kind of not
very happy at nighttime and it's no
different that Calvin wakes up two times
a night
maybe three I'm lucky if it's once but
last night was really no different we
got this intern out of sleep but I think
the lack of sleep and definitely wore me
out this morning normally we get
together as a family
I take care of Calvin will breastfeed my
Jarrett's get in Jackson breakfast
whatever it is we usually kind of get up
together well this morning I just
couldn't handle it I just laid there and
almost wanted to cry because I had been
up for several hours straight at Calvin
and couldn't get him to go back to sleep
and before I knew it everybody was gone
and I had woken up and I thought I feel
bad to see Jarrod let me fall back
asleep and I woke up and I walked up to
this by my side how sweet is that and
that is Calvin's poop
I woke up to a plate this morning by me
and I thought that was so sweet of Jared
and Jared and I woke up and said I'll
bring Calvin to me I'll feed him and
change them so Jared Bob to me I just
gotta sleep so now he says to me but I
thought that was kind of sweet to start
our morning we were all really tired and
Jer took the kids and let me sleep so
thank you Jared
hi thanks let me sleep you're so welcome
what's that this is coconut oil that
Jackson brought down and you want to dip
his finger in so I like you oh so
rubbery hands again rub his nose
together now bring me back that's a
camera yeah he's been carrying around
that red camera saying camera can you go
we don't get the binky what's for nap
time ok say ok ok ok Calvin Jackson is
asleep so you know what this means
you are gonna come along with me you're
gonna go run some errands with me ah
that's so fun isn't it now there's
there's one requirement though okay
there's one requirement that you have to
meet while you come with Daddy I'm
running some errands kay
are you ready for it ok you can't get
hungry because there's no way I can feed
you ok do you think you can agree with
those terms and conditions here's you're
thinking about it okay Ally I'm gonna
take him with me we're gonna go run a
few errands is OK with you ok thanks bye
what thought you fell asleep on me
Calvin
if you really think I'm that boring you
could have just said so geez I have no
idea I was that boring my not boring
guys am i making everyone bones weak it
is nap time in our household Jackson's
asleep Calvin's asleep Calvin I'll
probably wake up in two minutes so I
better hurry up with my clip before he
wakes up that little pill and but it's
lunchtime and this is usually what Jay
and I take our time to either Gerald you
emails or whatnot but lately we have
been calling a come
Benny's like construction companies or
we've been talking to a lot am i trying
to say we talked to like construction
companies we talked to real estate
people we call we've been calling some
landscaping companies because we have
some things in mind that we like that we
we don't want to go out and buy we want
people's opinions and quotes and prices
and stuff so that's kind of what we've
been doing especially the past few weeks
and it's just a lot it's a lot of work
it's a lot of time it's a lot of phone
calls but it's so fun at the same time
he actually ran upstairs I want dad I
wanted to come downstairs he's calling a
a house company right now because he
wants to walk through a few of their
homes so that is what we were doing
during a lot of shine there he is he's
coming downstairs I have so many
business cards I can't find a business
card I actually need ah I may have
okay Calvary no I think it's about time
we get you to roll over what do you say
do you want to roll over oh you're
trying can you roll over can you roll
out you're so close you know what Ellie
it might be a good idea to have Jackson
show Calvin how to roll over do you
think you could show your brother how to
roll over could you do that
good job okay now try it again get on
your belly can you roll over yeah get
your camera okay get on your belly it's
so funny one two three keep it up good
job okay now we have to have no let's
have someone do it oh yeah okay Calvin
okay roll again just written just show
Calvin how to roll
Oh other way other way other way other
way good job good job
hey Calvin can you do it really
good job he's like what did you just
he's more concerned where grandpa is
then grandpa's at work I'm talking with
mom right now about this Thursday this
Thursday will be the one-year mark of
grandpa's passing and so I called
grandma she didn't answer her phone so I
called my mom to see what's going on and
hopefully we'll be able to meet up with
her oh I'm sure it's really hard for her
this week where's grandpa now when we
got home from the grocery store you
darted straight for the kitchen and you
started doing something what are you
working on sweetie yeah yeah yeah see
least I would have to make it uh-huh
cornbread sounds good uh-huh like a
yummy like Oh a full drink from off the
side or maybe caramel apple cider
holidays oh yeah what is it the people
always go to Starbucks for pumpkin spice
lattes is that what it is I'm not sure
but I thought I would I put their car
off the side it's really good yeah as
I'm sitting here getting dinner ready I
was looking at this picture and I kept
staring at it kind of wondering kind of
wondering why I liked it my mom used to
have a like a jar thing of those
cinnamon sticks and I remember during
the holidays especially I'd like to like
suck on it they're really gross but I
would
oh that's so funny I need to get some of
those I feel bad I think our kids just
don't really feel all that well Jack's
with his teething hey how do you like it
is it good it's actually I didn't make
Carl apple cider it was a apple pie
apple pie smoothie it's yummy
I need to take a drink yeah he's eating
those corn bread and then I just have
some chili here and I don't think Kelvin
is feeling all that well he was coughing
a little bit but you doing okay he
hasn't eaten much today either you like
that okay you sit there and swing for a
minute and we're gonna eat what do you
think did you try it oh sorry try it
yep that's really great mm-hmm that's
really good
whoo I got some of the cinnamon allspice
well I'm excited eat the cornbread and
this is a fall meal yes yeah he's like
let me put my corn bread down here real
quick yeah Jackson can you wink
do it again
can you wink good job ready
wink yeah gosh darn it
I can't believe this just happened
Calvin literally just rolled over and I
was grabbing the camera and I missed it
Hey he literally just rolled over all
right again here you go bud okay Jackson
go show him how to roll over show them
how to roll over you spent a lot of time
you just flopped over yeah Calvin get
the ball Oh silly boy okay roll roll
roll Jackson
hmm
how come he always if we're if he's
doing something and if me and you hug or
especially give each other kiss runs up
to us he wants to be involved I think
he's like hey mom and dad or boy he
feels the love and you want some of it
high-five his trip the rocket is Bob oh
come on you missed give it a high-five
there you go keep it in your pocket like
where's my pocket well just continue to
stand here and hug my lifeless eyes you
just stand yea big your legs are so long
if mommy kiss that's cute I love mommy
to food texture says more MORE
he loves this when I put lotion on him
but just a little bit just a little bit
just a little bit cuz he goes crazy
he puts two things of lotion on his
fingers and what do you do Jackson look
either leave it there for a while and
like walk around the house like this or
that should have rub it in like you're
supposed to be here there you go good
job well Calvin finally went to sleep he
is on his belly oh so we have to be a
little quieter because he's finally
asleep
uhm that's gonna be it from us today
guys so are you you yet no he said oh
thank you guys for watching the video
today we hope you enjoyed it we hope you
guys know that we do this every single
day so stay tuned for tomorrow it's
gonna be an awesome day and we'll see
you guys at weekend weekend weekend
weekend as my momma momma's birthday I'm
so excited to party it's my momma
momma's birthday we've still got a few
more days before the Inca spider yeah
ahh Jackson can you say bye bye see you
tomorrow bye
