uh-oh what happened here okay Jackson
pretty good there's no sense in crying
over spilt milk and this is Fresno
well good morning guys today is the day
I am about to go leave go to the dentist
I may die I may die Jackson so I need a
hug give me a hug Jackson so I might not
come back
oh my I'm totally kidding I actually
don't mind the dentist at all oh you
don't like this you hear that the smell
I mean like the latex gloves all of that
stuff it's just you know it really
doesn't bother me all that much but
that's what's going on right now
I'm about to go get my tooth drilled
so apparently my filling cracked and
there's a little piece that's missing
and that's what's causing all the issues
so they're gonna give me take out the
filling and they just numb me up and
they're about to drill the filling out
hi buddy
say hi hi I missed you don't give me hug
Jackson oh don't you run away come give
me a hug come give me a oh that's my boy
Ellie I'm pretty sure we had the best
dentist ever yeah he's such a good guy I
went in and they're looking around
they're like oh no so what seems to be
the problem everything is looking really
good Oh what happened oh it's pausing
this and I hit my knee I was walking in
the badger I hit my knee on the bed set
and I literally like felt like ah
there's a result and Jackson came riding
up in my look do me well he's like he's
what he's looking around in my mouth and
he's like I don't really see anything oh
there it is there's like there was a
crack in my filling god
that's what you said exactly yeah and so
he's like okay let's just let's just
drill it out and put another one on
there and you should be all set to go
and we'll use a different bonding agent
so I won't be a sensed I was like okay
and then he's like okay you should be
all set and we'll do no charge in that
one cuz we just did that not too long
ago I was like feels good so what did
they give you a shot they gave me a few
shot Sam did it for gender they put me
under no they just gave me some topical
anesthesia hey bud hey I put in the day
and you wanted to join us and so he's
happy there oh he's so happy here can
close your eyes lay your head back gore
sleep me good job we check some fresh
gotta lay your head back comes your
knight close your eyes
good boy okay time to take a nap Robin
you
been awake since 7:30 this morning it is
11 you better with a long time and he
has taken a 10-minute nap i 10-minute
nap but he's happy I guess I thought
matters
oh you're shushing us you should know
maybe this goes I said now me like this
Jackson's enjoying a yummy sandwich and
Jer what are you gonna do so the filling
has had time to set and I have a nice
cold glass of water here at high school
no who's the cold glass of water I'm
nervous because I want to take a big
gulp of it and drink cuz I'm sick of
thinking like this and thank gulps I'm
scared that it's still gonna be really
your what yeah that's your water I'm
scared that it's going to be it's still
going to be there but how is eating food
I know drinking affected but when you
age you know her eating was not near as
bad as dashing so you're not crunching
oh that feels so different good I'm glad
it's only been like three days but still
it's like well yeah stinks I can't do
that
yeah see ya take oh yeah like this look
at me cool yeah yeah can you give
grandma a pogs shree go visit Grandma
and Grandpa wait they said I should we
go visit grandma grandpa hey do you want
to visit grandma grandpa what yeah go go
grandpa
yeah does that say grandma mama
missio we kiss on the street say I love
you they love you I love my two boys I
just rocked
Jackson and now he's asleep I finally
got Calvin to sleep I just laid next to
her for a few minutes and he's locked
out so let's go take a beat
Boston do you have all four drinks lined
up so you can have a swig of each that's
okay
hey Boston how does this one taste how
does that one taste that one good we are
flipping around yeah John yep u-turn I
was gonna say flipping to be okay we
just drove by and I said for sale this
is a lot no we said that we're gonna
find her that's good I'm getting the
number she won't work it out look at all
big light well we have been driving
around all day looking at lots and
properties at me hmm we have probably
spent three hours four hours today
looking around looking at houses looking
at Lots hauling oh yeah ten phone calls
20 phone calls and we just saw this and
jarrod and I have driven up and down the
streets I don't maybe love it this is
right next to a busier road but it's
pretty big we could do a fence or
something I don't know I I just call on
a lot of things and if they work out
they work out if they don't they don't
so I'll have to call on that one that
would be really cool who needs a corn
maze and you have uncle Joel oh that's
cute hi this is the one of the things
that I'm looking forward to when I have
my own backyard Joel
fire it up Joel is going to grab the
four-wheeler and tow these kids around
in the backyard that's a lot of fun it's
been a good day today guys Joel and I we
took some sheetrock to the to the dump
and we've just kind of been cleaning up
around in there their room that they're
remodeling
and now we're out to have a little fun
funny note if you guys didn't notice
we're wearing the same shirt that's a
nice shirt you got there Jolie
well it's brand I believe in Jared
Jackson do you want to ride oh he is
scared of the four-wheeler he is scared
of Jackson Jackson look come here but
Jackson it's okay look at me you have to
go on anything you don't have to go on
him I kind of he said on Joseph earlier
and I said you're going to sit there and
then he liked it once he's on it you
don't have to go on it now
do you want to get on the four-wheeler
Jackson you have to say thank you saying
bye it's okay this is what happened
earlier is even in the little red wagon
just now yeah just that one over there
what a minute he went blue and I thought
it's a wagon ooh and I put a minute and
then he was happy yeah it's just like
the Train it's just like the Train we
got on it at that one place yeah you
just got to get used to it for a little
bit to go on the formal yeah you're
right you're not gonna go you're just
gonna be here with mommy and daddy can
you get daddy a kiss
oh that's okay now what do we got going
on here Joel is that what we're doing
I'll be the guinea pig doing a ride with
me okay here we go
you want to get on
come on hurry come on come on okay we're
going
oh come on Cody hurry
get treat a pop karma that would smell
so sweet it wasn't really so but it
seemed to me popcorn popping on the
apricot tree hey here I got my Jackie
you like that my busin
should we sing it again no and what did
I see popcorn bumpy on the apricot tree
so we got back from Bonnie and Joel's
house not too long ago and Ellie gave
Jackson a quick bath and I think he's
got a little fever he's not feeling too
good so Ellie is in there rocking him
and he had just fallen asleep so I
wanted to grab the camera and show how
cute this is but I feel so bad for that
little guy because I know he's got a
little fever and it's kind of bothering
him let's go take a peek
I feel so bad every night in the past
like two three nights boy he's my
jackson's had a fever and I know he has
a few the sharp teeth can for two of
them ran and two of them were coming in
but this has to make me even be his
two-year-old molars we'll see I'm gonna
open his matha tomorrow my thing is like
he's still happy little boy you know
he's still so happy and I love that yeah
but yes I have much of an appetite I
feel like either but I think it's time
to say good night you're going to say
good night
really Tito my daddy's egg salt little
man do you are happy you you are happy
well we'll see you tomorrow bye you
should be face to face didn't see
Timothy Tobey
