it is Sunday morning and a jared is
finishing editing the vlog Jackson is
already just kind of getting into
whatever he wants in here
and Calvin fell asleep by himself
usually I rock him to sleep or see them
to sleep and this morning I was rushing
rushing and I weighed him down a second
Calvin he fell asleep on his own for
like one of the first times I was like
thank you because I have to get ready as
Jared was editing the vlog I heard
something that triggered a lot of
memories and we were outside yesterday
at Grandma Grandpa's house and I heard
an airplane go by and it just I love
that we can like just capture these
moments as simple as just like the
airplane going by and you can hear the
noise like it just brings back all these
memories of me at my grandparents house
and you could hear the water and the
river in the background and airplanes
and you know whatever else you heard the
smell of the cows and it's just oh no I
just sat here and I just smiled because
I just thought it was really sweet and
I'm so glad that we are doing this for
our kids to see how they grew up and
their childhood and to see our struggles
but our positive moments and our
successful moments and it's just I'm
really glad that this is the path that
we are on
they were here at the baby busing and if
we had Porter Julie's youngest would
have all of the boys together that were
born close in age like yes oh yeah
Julie post one of the things oh I will
put insert it in your crosshair is
rolling Oh have you got got Lincoln for
Henry
Calvin Lincoln and we just need Porter
right there oh look how big they are
gonna take a picture here we'll get a
picture too near Jackson thanks mom
neither babies two more seconds if you
need a buffer
one two three it's a baby rolled Nakata
cute oh you're like I'm outta here
he's like I can't roll over and we look
here we did all this we need we need
Porter right here chase makes over its
face with Photoshop poor Johnny hotties
face right here okay come here Chad move
your feet and then we'll scoot him over
I've never give me a blanket I don't
know about the girl ah that blank you
damn Oh Lincoln's doing good
Lincoln's doing the best at all ah
thanks Emily there we hey we'll have
Julie send a picture we'll insert a
picture of the fair voice okay when we
get one we Henry Gateway are you oh hey
I think that's as much work as these
kids are gonna give us today so that's
like you
whatever is the big four-wheeler all
Jackson has been eating is chips and
treats oh and it's melted all over you
can you eat it good job
all the cousins have a cute little
umbrella there's a soccer on eating I'm
sitting here looking at Henry and you
guys have noticed with Jackson he has a
vein on a guy he gets it from me I don't
know if you can really notice that on
Calvin on this side but if you look at
Henry you can see that vein right there
in the river guide on a guy huh he gets
it from on the Griffis side of the
family but I can't really see you on
Calvin right now but Jackson has got the
same thing right there and I do - I
think it's on this side - is it okay I
think that's a good set I don't know
what side it's on but I have a vein - I
usually cover it with makeup but anyway
I just thought it's interesting because
I saw a little vein and two of my babies
have that same thing kind of cute the
cousins have veins in their eyes join
with me as i zoom in I'm the most
beautiful woman in the world and her so
cute little guy who's asleep
oh that's as far as I can Superman I'm
looking at you show me that baby we're
talking about when you did get a
physical therapist those things are
actually - not to be good things yeah
it's funny where life takes you huh see
you sleep let me zoom in on that real
quick look at that smile behind that
beauty
I was wondering he woke up and smiled
smelling that you're looking over you
all cody's away from to wake up hey Cody
it's so good with little Calvin is that
your little buddy and Chad is that
little Cody that little camp is that
little Chad look at his hair he's
getting care hold Kalyn Jahn the whole
camp how easy you want to hold Calvin
know how wait can you say yes
his eyes ready ah
Jackson just came wandering upstairs
everyone's kind of talking to have to
sleep on the couch
and like why why is Jackson wandering
upstairs because Jarrod had Jackson and
Jackson was have a hard time earlier I
came downstairs yeah sure I had fallen
asleep holding Jackson Jackson got out
of his arms and went upstairs Jackson
must have been sitting right there
playing with the toy and came wandering
upstairs
I jack so we'll go from a nap really sad
he had a fever
well said a ball he woke up with a fever
and a runny nose his teeth are cutting
through but I just thought though so I
need that Jared fell asleep and Jackson
walked up I think being with family
literally like lifts your spirits up
there's something just about knowing
like it's just you always have a friend
it just was enjoyable being around
family today being with family is one of
the most enjoyable things ever family's
everything and family's so fun uh we are
going to go ahead and say good night
we're trying to FaceTime Bryan and Missy
they're getting away to bed right now
and we want to catch up and see how
she's doing
putting Jackson to bed was very sad
today I we got home from the the family
get-together and his chin was just
quivering and was shivering so bad and I
was like that's usually what you do
before you throw up like you just kind
of like he had a little fever and I
that Bonnie's house and he just put his
little head on me and I just don't think
he's feeling too good yeah and so he was
not very happy yeah I was rocking or I
read him a book and I rocked him a
little bit normally Hope Hills like
he'll lay his head down because he knows
that if he cuddles we will keep holding
him
I keep rocking on it and not put it to
bed but he just pointed to the bed that
he wanted to just lay down just I
thought I put him in there and he just
know then I was like oh poor little guy
I hope he feels better yeah
tomorrow I am going under and I'm deer
duck wait oh I'm going under the knife
dude you are not going under they're not
giving you gas they're just they're just
gonna really know and I'm going under
the gun oh my goodness okay sorry I
don't know the correct terminology that
they're doing but hey if you want to
call it going under do it I'm just gonna
laugh at you I should just overload the
anesthesia sure they're not giving you
this you know if you're gonna shoot me
with a little thing to numb my gum okay
but not like not going under I have Miwa
I have two fingers are you not gonna get
out a car a dentist oh my god all run
bow I I'm I hope they can fix it because
this is the worst thing I have to drink
if anything I drink I drink from a straw
because it's like I have to I have to
drink if I'm drinking anything I have to
do this that way it doesn't hit this
side of my mouth I just washed small
drinks so that's the plan for tomorrow
is to get fixed get canceled well thank
you you look I just like any I think you
transom your hair your face look really
good good you cut yourself I cut myself
shaving
okay thank you watch that no we
appreciate it be sure give it a big
thumbs up if you haven't already be sure
to subscribe and we will see you guys
tomorrow bye
comte the gumdrop buttons
