good morning guys
I set my alarm for 4:45 this morning so
I could feed Java through out the door
at 5:30 5:40 I'm so tired right now
Jarrod's been driving so he's tired but
like I cannot like I won't got to feed
Calvin at 1:30 and then I even think it
3:30 and then we woke up at 4:45 but
this is fun it's gonna be a fun day I
love days like this where you wake up
early and you drive you know like that's
like my favorite coming round trip I
could went to California and this is
worth it donuts fun I'm meeting up with
my mom and a few my sisters and the boys
are going golfing
come on work god
high-five I'm elaborating to just start
the party without me did you do that on
every way
yes no I don't know how to point it out
to me what it was they think they got it
removed the reason why the traffic was
like dead soft is a semi had caught fire
I guess it was traffic down to one oh my
goodness
well Jared me that mom has grown up to
you in the nick of time Chuck the key
should you want some breakfast that's
nice and healthy better than what all
the rest yesterday that whole week how
we finally made it we made it to the
golf course after what seemed like the
worst traffic jam in my entire life um
am i late
no perfect perfect I ran in and they're
like just pulling the golf carts out so
this is great buddy didn't think we'd go
off-roading today you're with me
I've got it I've got it I missed it I
missed it
coming back coming back around I didn't
keep my eye on the ball keep your eye on
the ball Jarrod we're not slowing down
for nothing
got it got it nice well I think the kids
Johnson is out of my sight where did you
go
Oh where did all the kids go all the
kids they came outside to play with the
cousins there's buster Rooney and I
think the kids are you I know you you're
trying to see if a grandma's house you
picking raspberries Jackson has dirt and
rocks he is happier than than ever you
even have a little doggie nollie to play
with okay well you guys having fun yeah
okay
Cody is so cute and sometimes rough with
Calvin but I love it because look at
Calvin he loves it
Cody he loves you you know he does
Russell are you cute 22
I think Cody Russell look-alike I know
the cute little bodies am I gonna take
you to home with me or are they going
home with you tonight
open Kay you two crazy cousins
this shows how dirty you should not be
on the couch he his look he's done
hugging rocks Conn get off the couch you
are so dirty you even your bum knee is
dirty we I brought extra clothes I'm
gonna run out get clothes for Jackson to
change him in he has been playing in
rocks and dirt so on the first drive of
the day Kevin and dad killed
Kevin lander right on the green in one
of the most beautiful shots I've ever
seen I think I hit it in the water dad
was a little shallow and Joel hit the
ball let's see how that action oh oh
that was fill to the left
enjoy
hey Joel take it easy
Joel take it easy take it take it easy
oh well we wrapped up the golf game we
did better than last time
last year we shot par got last place
this time we shot one under and we're
awaiting the overall results but if we
could give individual awards what do you
think it would be chad is the best golf
cart driver most improved for not
cussing hahaha
there were there were definitely a lack
of swear words this this go-around Joel
I think most improved driving gave me a
few pointers huh normally I am
it's off yeah give me a few pointers
uh-huh if you can trust oh good Kevin
I think Kevin was best all-around I
think Kevin is all around I think I
think I had the best initial Wow oh I I
think I had the magical moments like I
sucked but every once a while well
that's a great shot Jackson can you show
me how you can play the heart do it
again oh my goodness you're a natural
good job look at that smile
it's a beautiful next stop Carnegie Hall
that's what I'm looking for kind of girl
next stop Carnegie Hall Abby tell me is
he playing in good position does he have
good form when he's playing cuz this is
your hurt okay maybe we have a little
more work Jackson it'll ease your pinkie
yeah got a rookie mistake no that's
funny
Jackson you're doing great this trip and
crazy traffic was totally worth it it
was so fun being around family happy
birthday Kevin Kevin's birthday was
yesterday and so
kind of got together in golf so that was
really fun but on our way out of town
I would love to stop by the salon and
say I had all my friends but we
literally cannot the kids are exhausted
look at him cuddle us blanket we've been
in the car 5 2 seconds and but Jared I
want to drive by our old apartment this
we had some of the best memories here
two years we lived here this was fun
this is our old apartment this is where
we filmed the ASL water challenges you
have us this is very we filmed oh we
filmed a lot ASL American Sign Language
what's up amen
anyway that was really fun I'm tired can
you tell him I'm tired waking up so
early on but yeah lots of memories here
and we would walk all the time one of
our first videos was on your channel art
yeah and I was on lunch
it's called evil sheet and we would put
the sheet every would go on long walks
and go to the gas station loved walking
to the gas station and get like a finger
fries and just share them with you yes
who on many walks here fun times fun
memories well on our way back from the
golf tournament and visiting Kevin and
Ruby and all those fun family members
over there we stopped by a Grandma and
Grandpa's house because they have some
of the grandkids and they are doing a
little sleepover with some of the little
grandkid boys right well you can't have
a proper sleepover without some pizza
you decided to come and crash it pop it
about Papa look at that good that look
is my grandpa to satisfy me what's yours
oh definitely this side right here oh
yeah with yours was that bad Oh yours
don't you girl always made fun of you
because mama order a whole pineapple our
piece I have been fine Apple I think
there's there's nothing wrong with it
this one is just way better you're not
going to the kids are gonna eat like
this my uh well you guys are fun
grandparents you know that you're fun
kids oh oh my goodness gracious looking
up on your cousin Cody you come show me
your shirt
jump jump jump that's a really great
shirt why are you wearing that shirt
here in grandma's and whose poop was
that oh my goodness of Jackson poop and
it get on your shirt how that happened I
think they were wrestling downstairs
good exhaustion yeah they were wrestling
wrestled right up his back yeah you
having fun are you trying to grab that
little rock can you get it Jackson
get the little rock get it get it
Jackson oh you too grandpa oh good good
yeah jump
I think this is one proud grandpa right
here Oh
maybe not anymore he's like okay I'm
done hi Russell I think Jackson had
enough picture Jackson put your feet on
campus feet then we can go high as the
sky say yeah
ah
Jackson what's that ah said a razor what
do you what do you do with that show me
what you do with it
good job are you shaving Oh don't bite
the razor it's gonna get you don't fight
oh it's gonna get you ha ha ha there you
go good job don't bite the razor are you
okay are you all right are you okay
buddy yeah okay Calvin are you ready for
your bath oh yeah there you say yeah
like to win Oh nigga baby I just got
poppin to sleep and I was rocking him
and I was reading a book and he kept
making noises and I looked down and he
was laughing in his sleep he was smiling
and laughing I wonder what he was
dreaming about it's like when two babies
dream about there's just really sweet to
see but I'm going to go ahead and end
the vlog I got these flannel pants at
Target today for Calvin and I think this
might be my favorite alpha ever though
they're so cute but I'm going to go
ahead and end the vlog for today I'm
excited for tomorrow tomorrow is Sunday
we're going to church Bonnie's blessing
or baby so we're going to have a nice
relaxed day of family and I'm excited we
will see you guys tomorrow bye
