okay today is cleanup day for my boys
Jackson doesn't quite need a haircut but
since I'm doing Jared's might as well do
Jackson Oh what you like getting your
hair cut
look at your ear on the arm George let
those bees alone why couldn't we do this
just once a month or or give you your
hair watch Curious George and then we
were all there and we're often will get
a little treat
now it's my turn to get my hair cut oh
my gosh
and there you have it these are the
final results what do you guys think
as always Ellie you do a stupendous job
you I'm touched it and Jackson how's
your hair lookin yeah yeah it looks good
huh did you hear that you're like yeah
Calvin man you your haircut looks great
Baldy um mom you always look great so I
am actually going to the driving range
again in preparation for the golf
tournament tomorrow this time I actually
have someone who's meeting me there to
help me out a friend of mine named Cody
and I think one of my biggest things is
last time I died I went I wasn't wearing
the proper attire you need some dress as
a golfer to be the golfer is that right
Ellie it's true because like when I go
shopping I like to be somewhat ready
that way I feel good shopping and if you
feel like a golfer you are going to go
come here
yes put your shoe up to the camera
please what are you looking at oh my
gosh that was was that more than a year
ago something like that a long time ago
we did something with Taco Bell and they
send us these waffle taco I won them I
guess yeah yeah they sent us a little
burner phone and we had to send these
messages anyway I got some fun stuff
Taco Bell so I'm gonna go to the golfing
range the driving range fun okay I love
you yeah I love you mister mister
I'm gonna run under your legs yeah yeah
say bye major the Golf Course got my
clubs got my balls my instructor just
went in
I'm nervous guys he's apparently a
really good golfer they were we were in
there and other people in the golf
course were talking about him teeing off
today
like oh man are you teeing off with this
guy he's so good it's like oh man this
is good this is good for me so I'm here
with Kody and apparently Cody knows
everyone here and everyone here knows
Cody very very well so that must mean
he's a good golfer or just you're just
here a lot yeah he's been giving me some
pointers and I'm gonna try and do my
drive so compare just a couple days ago
to today and hopefully that means Cody's
a really great teacher he's doing lots
of it
yeah you are showing off for the video
yeah I just finished up my round at the
golfing range and I feel like I did so
much better thank you so much Cody for
all the tips and advice I feel like
tomorrow is going to be awesome on a
completely unrelated note I think I had
some water I was you know thirsty inin
love it yeah that's what you do is you
drink some water so I have a sir say how
to drink water and my tooth back here
just Ike like Oh like in pain like I
don't know what happened I think I had
like a filling or something like that
that fell out because I feel like just
the nerve is just like any time like
anything cold gets on it it's just like
incapacitates me I'm just like what I
don't know if I
I definitely think I'll have to go to
the dentist or something like that
because this really hurts this hankie
off he was walking like a normal human
being try me
yeah knock it off Jared okay
I am gonna punch you when I was gonna
say it was isn't he cute we're just
driving around looking at lots places to
live and I love him we are all starving
Marvins Jared I got a package in the
mail today
bless you my but why did I feel myself
sneezing I don't know I don't know um
we're all starving we have been looking
it's ours everyday there is at least two
hours that we go and look drive around
areas look at houses look at Lots there
are so many phone calls to be made this
like house hunting thing is fun and
exciting this work I feel like we're
getting close though so in the photo
decathlon they gave us these little
penny boards to take pictures up and
they let us keep them afterwards so that
was really cool
I'm a terrible skateboarder and but I
want to try and use this but the trucks
are really loose so I'm still not quite
used to it so I think what I need to do
is just tighten the trucks up a little
bit and that will make this a lot more
usable for me placed at the beginning I
don't have a socket wrench set yet but
what I do have I think is a lot better
at least for right now I've got my
little tool buddy hey you can be my
partner today oh that wasn't very nice
this should just do the trick real quick
okay I've already made it known that I'm
a terrible skateboarder so you have to
promise not to laugh when I do this okay
I'm already laughing at myself because I
know the outcome
any more space I've been gettin open the
garage
spaghetti and green beans totally
totally totally remind me of us in our
college years that was that was like one
of the staples that we would have we
would have like peanut butter and jelly
sandwiches and we would have would you
want some water okay take a drink of
water there you go
we would have spaghetti and green beans
we'd have like peanut butter and jelly
and we'd have rice and beans and that's
what we would have like all during
college can you think of anything else
that we have talked about taco you have
lots of top ramen too didn't you yeah I
like that yeah and SpaghettiOs I would
say but all of my tips for the whole nut
and that was like our play money or our
clothing or going out to dinner
I bought cherries oh shoot I remember I
said I remember that I thought that was
that was a big surprise I remember
getting that soon this is crazy to meet
you like Calvin to me looks huge today
like he's a big boy today he's getting
big you're growing up you get your good
looks like from your daddy but but your
eyeballs from your mama so Jackson and I
are here at Best Buy I got something in
the mail today to help me with some time
lapses and we needed one little
attachment for my phone to attach to the
time lapse machine so that's what we're
doing here we're looking at some things
that Best Buy hanging out doing some man
oh yeah do you see that USB Wi-Fi
adapter that's pretty sweet to Jackson
Jackson do you think mom would want that
for Christmas yeah me too Wow the click
that I just found up Calvin snoring I
was filming I was like he looks just
like my brother beau I see so much of my
mom's and my dad sighs like life's not
obviously I see so much of mine site and
Calvin I can't even believe it but
Calvin's sleeping Jared went and ran I'm
sitting around real quick and I am just
racing through the house getting diapers
gathered I need to fold some laundry I'm
washing some laundry
cleaning the bathrooms just doing a
really hurry quick tidy job I'm so sick
of my house feeling dusty and dirty and
so I bring a few diapers might help
clean it up why is he trying to be quiet
he's trying to be quiet cuz I told him
Calvin was asleep I love that he does
that it's kinda sleep nope okay he woke
up like two seconds after you left
how was your trip I have returned with
diapers more and more and more we go
through so many diapers it was the
cutest thing while we were at the store
yes I think Jackson is getting tired
because he I have my arms out like that
pushing the cart and he just put his
head down on my arms no just put your
head down let me rub your back that's
cute but it's not cute the air my makeup
hey Jared that's cute he's tired Jackson
didn't get much of an app especially
with looking at places today so we
should probably get him to bed cuz we've
got an early morning I know
5:00 a.m. are you guys gonna come with
us I hope so with us tomorrow okay it's
cool let's go Jackson say let's go this
is Berkeley
this is cool oh my goodness what do you
say we get in your PJs we're gonna go
give him a bath
tomorrow Jackson
bang okay
