Jackson do you want your binky okay
Jackson you can have your binky when we
go to sleep not everything key right now
but when we go to bed you can yeah when
you go to bed ready for this week every
time we make our huge shopping trips I
end up showing you guys what we get and
we always end up getting a ton of
diapers for both boys and you guys know
that I love Huggies I've been using
Huggies since Jackson was born and I was
thrilled no I was shocked when they came
to me and asked if I wanted to work with
them and I said of course I've been
using your diapers for two years so I'm
really excited to show you guys a new
diaper
it's the Huggies Little Movers diaper
pants they are so cute they come in size
three to six and they are special for
each gender because oh is that your
camera you're so excited you're getting
them too
they have little absorbency spots for
boys in the front and for girls in the
center so it can target the areas that
they each need to be targeted which i
think is really cool they're the only
diapers that go on like a pant and off
like a diaper with Ray fashionable sides
for easy diaper changing if you guys
want to try the new Huggies Little
Movers diaper pants you can go to Target
or Target com to check it out
Jackson I think you have done a mighty
fine job but don't close the door yet
wait look you have your phone go grab
that phone we're gonna put that away you
put that away
oh oh you got distracted by more toys
run my mom online okay put them away go
get your other one put it down
good job mine right - oh no not the
playing some music play
good place on Kelvin I bet you didn't
realize that you can make the same phase
so your shirt has look same face look
you can make the same face the user has
hey cat just like that
now snort oh well this is beautiful
adjourn I thought it would be fun to
take Jackson and the kids and us to this
fun little farm place I guess there's
tons of little things you could do you
can look at animals pony rides have like
it's just fun fall festive this looks
like so much fun look at that big old
pumpkin up there Jackson look at that
big pumpkin that is huge
it weighs 1278 pounds Wow Ellie think of
all the carvings I could do on this one
that's a big pumpkin what do you think
buddy that's so big that's crazy
well that's the cutest view I ever did
see can you see the cows I want to look
back on this footage and just love
everything that we filmed and this to me
is so perfect so sweet
was it Cal say come with me as we
transport to a much simpler time where
we have places like the Opera House the
general mercantile the stables and fat
Jack's deli there there is a giant slide
over there and iliyan are like we've got
to go we've got to go down the slide
Jackson Jackson we've got to go down the
slide are you ready are you ready t-one
go down the slide yeah oh yeah he's been
playing with these rocks that's anywhere
there's rocks you're happy huh
at this giant slide oh my gosh
Ellie are you excited he doesn't want to
go down on Jackson don't you want to go
down the slide 1 2 3 1 2 3
can you hear him crying this was a very
a good slide it still has all the way to
go there is a tunnel there's some to
crawl over there's another slide this is
right up your alley
there he is this is what you get when
you enter that little area that's cute
our matey you're dealing with the
captain of the ship here okay are you
going in it's a race who can climb up
the fastest climb up the ropes
like this
good job well I guess that works too
what do you think buddy huh you can do
it I promise Jackson you've got to have
the willpower and determination we can
make it to the top let's go say let's go
be motivational toddler he's like let's
go back let's go back is what he's
trying to say ready set go yeah look at
this Jackson do you want to shoot your
first BB gun little tomahawk throw BB
guns that's great hey last ride I've got
a stick at least one high stick hello
but it's stuck you're gonna get us
thrown ax2 grandma grandpa be proud
three one two look over there look over
this way one two three fer getting ready
to go raise the tree and he has to have
his two rocks of one-handed one for
daddy
barely hanging on to him
I just could not believe he's just I got
my two bucks and I'm gonna hold them the
whole time
Jackson oh look right there look at the
train choo choo you see the train every
day for my window
are you excited buddy it's cute Oh
Jackson say choo-choo okay Jackson there
it is are you excited say choo-choo do
you wanna get on the train he's getting
nervous where's the train say aha
Jackson did you have fun you overcame
the fear yeah you did he watches them
every day off the window every day and
watch so good aren't you glad you did a
check son aren't you glad he made you do
hard things
Bexon what color do you want do you want
blue purple red or pink
oh you want red okay let's go let's go
buy it
close the door yeah you know the tomah
talk didn't didn't hurt Jackson but that
wheel the pirate wheel fell on his head
that was kind of scary but we're just
eating a little cookie having a little
drink this was a perfect ending to a
very very fun busy day it was perfect
the view is incredible
anything yes Jackson does this little
shuffle and I love it oh no he's just
love this I know there's happy faces and
scary
oh we're just know the doggy drew a
scary thing Katie I we just had a
visitor over and I was just laughing
conversation and I just busted up
laughing in the middle of it because
Jackson was just he's so hyper right now
very hyper right now aren't you and and
I just didn't even care like Jackson was
are riding around screaming laughing and
I just sat there and laugh he was he was
spinning around and chasing his tail
that's what he's looking around for
something and he would crash in the
I just go I just our kids are funny
Jackson just puts a huge circle cover on
your face Oh kids are crazy guys I think
that is our I think I'd go ahead and end
the vlog for the night now it's funny
that he's gonna go I think you're high
first a red cup over your face and yes
Calvin if it has wax and I'll take off
my unibrow oh we need to do that I
plugged in and then we forgot okay we'll
see you tomorrow thank you guys for
watching always and we'll see you guys
tomorrow bye buddy
