good morning good morning good morning
Thomas sang good morning actually he's
not he's asleep and it's Chris high five
hallelujah you're turning more last
night um
I don't a new trade realizes I was
filming last night uh Jared sat there
for two hours holding Calvin and then I
laid there for a few hours holding
Calvin and he was like arching his back
like kind of like scratchy crying I
think his stomach really hurt him so we
were up all night holding him so he's
taking a good little nap right now I
hope he feels a little bit better later
but we are getting ready started with
our day Jared
Jackson is very ready to go he eagerly
awaits at the door he knows and we're
ready to go I open up the door and I
love that he just stays right there who
just stays there until we're ready to go
it's kind of fun look oh oh I see your
foot sneaked in Jackson oh come on
stay here wait for me he's really good
to just sit and wait if he gets really
cute look oh okay now let's go good job
I make him stay there wait because a lot
of times it's the garage doors open I
don't want him thinking he can just rent
out here if the doors open I'd hate for
him to run out in the street and so it's
been kind of fun to watch him lately
like really learn to listen
so Oh Angie found a ball okay well I'm
gonna put Kevin in and then I'm gonna
put Jackson in there's so many of them
if you can pick one up we'll grab one
oh I'll think that one that's too big
bye nope you staying with us Jackson I'm
going to make due this week and I can
offer the life when we find the French
onion soup or a French onion hacker all
right or the actual sheet line all right
bye
so I've been down this aisle wait you
want to go that way okay in a minute I
just texted Jennifer I left the store
and I said cake be ready to help me put
take in the groceries because I'm taking
calendars chiropractor appointment so
I'm pulling in the driveway and he's
dead what is he doing oh this is some
brushes teeth
all right guys I've got some good news
and I've got some bad news are you ready
are you seated are your socks ready
because I'm about to knock them off the
good news is do you guys remember the
commercial that I worked on about a
month ago or so well the commercial is
finally out and I'm so excited for you
guys to see I'll have a link to it down
below but the bad news is the part that
I had they actually had to cut no but
that's okay I totally understand what's
important is what the commercial is
about I honestly loved it the script was
hilarious the commercial is all about
the squatty potty and if you guys have
never heard of a squatty potty before
basically what it is it's a stool that
you put next to your toilet and you
squat you squat and it actually unki 'kz
a muscle in your colon when you're
standing the muscles kinked when you sit
that muscle is partially kink
when you squat who those juices are
flowing guys this is what the commercial
is about it's about a tool that helps
you poop better it's actually healthy
for you too if you're sitting on a
normal toilet without one it actually
increases your chance of getting
hemorrhoids bloating constipation and a
buttload of other crap the squatty potty
is fun because they say it's guaranteed
to give you the best poop of your life
or your money back and I just think
that's funny to say it just slides like
right in there and you can squat
comfortably from your own home I'll have
a link to squatty potty down below in
the description bar I'll have a link to
the video down below in the description
bar Thank You squatty potty for letting
me help with the commercial and thank
you guys for sponsoring this video you
guys are awesome be sure to check out
the links down below and the video is
hilarious you have to see it I find
myself waiting to go downstairs to use
that to go to the bathroom because it
makes me poop better is how weird it
might be a little bit weird but it's
true turn it okay huh don't look so
scared
hi he's outside yeah I didn't get a
little smile oh yes how does it feel
today kind of the same yeah if
it doesn't feel as bad it feels like
we're making some headway here with ya
you think so - being at Grandma's house
the other day when she had that really
yummy roast and potatoes and carrots
that nice homemade meal inspired me to
come home and cook a nice meal so I have
my own beats dude that I have been
whipping up this afternoon and I called
my mom for a few questions because I
kind of forgot but the order of stuff
that she puts it in but that looks so
yummy and hearty but then I'm going to
make these yummy yummy pumpkin cookies
the other day I made some bread it was
like pumpkin cheesecake bread it was
okay it was good but when I went to
Bonnie's house and ate these pumpkin
chocolate chip cookies they were so good
so I made her send me the recipe and I
have everything kind of measured out
waiting for Jackson so it Jackson wakes
up we will eat this this is going to be
like lunch and dinner and tomorrow's
lunch and dinner probably and but when
Jackson wakes up after we eat I'll have
him help me and we'll get the rest of
this cooked and we'll have a little
treat later those were so yummy and I
think Jackson is going to love this
Jackson my boy you have outdone it again
what are you saying bye bye bye you want
more what do you want more you just ate
my stew he ate carrots and potatoes and
meat Jackson you want more whoa was it
yummy
did you love it did you like it as much
as mommy oh I get me oh look at me
say stew yeah okay that works I'll get
you more Stowe alright guys you go have
fun at the park okay you're gonna have
fun at the park you can have fun at the
park yeah you can happen to the park
yeah you gonna have fun to the park hey
what are you doing with that you take
that out you're not supposed to have
that until your nap and are sleeping
scuse me I'm looking for a young mother
of two children who's very beautiful and
attractive oh I think I'm looking at her
right now
hey you have fun we'll see you guys
later kay be good kids bye
so this coming Saturday all of us
brothers are going to go play in a golf
tournament and I know you're thinking
sure do you even play golf no I don't
interrogate any of us really play golf
but we're in the golf tournament so I'm
at the golf course right now I just got
some clubs and I'm gonna I'm gonna go to
the driving range hit a few buckets of
balls and if you guys any of you guys
are really good golfers you have to tell
me what I need to do to be better by
Saturday
well I'm here at the golf course and
I've definitely learned a few things so
far first I'm a terrible golfer my drive
is just not even good at all
second I'm not consistent sometimes I'll
have a really great shot the next one
totally slice it to the right the next
one it'll go like four feet in front of
me
so Kevin Joel and dad I'm sorry but I
believe I'm the weakest link
goodbye
do I get any points if I hit the golf
ball picker-upper that bad if I try I'm
going to try all these ones
I can't tell if I hit it but I was
really really collapsed
is that like totally against golfing
protocol I have no idea but it was fun
you can't come to the golf course
without doing at least one happy gilmore
okay Most Improved Lord goes - Jared
mostly because I wasn't competing
against anyone else I'm here by myself
but definitely learned a lot I watched a
couple YouTube videos in between swings
I think it helped but I don't think I'll
ever be ready for Saturday but I'm
excited it'll be a lot of fun and that's
just what it's all about it's having fun
losing
I mean having fun right Jackson I've got
one question for you did you have fun of
the top
he had the ping-pong balls Jackson did
you have fun did you have fun at the
park do you have fun at the park
Jackson's you up fun at the park did you
have fun at the park Jackson Jackson
Jackson Jackson's you have fun at the
park trip front of the park Jackson
yeah Old MacDonald had a farm say it
that's my boy we are driving around
looking at houses in Jarrod's like I
love it I love it I love this house so
he pulled over and I said go knock on
their door so they're actually outside
right now um and I would show well I
don't love he shaking their hand who's
over there shaking the hands but um
Jackson yeah you look mighty comfortable
sitting like that but I'm he goes I love
this house and I said then you better
knock on their door and ask them uh who
built their house and ask questions
that's what he's doing but we had a lot
of fun knocking on stranger's doors oh
my gosh I can't believe we did that but
it was so fun it was fun I'm going
through different neighborhoods seeing
which neighborhoods to be liked and it
was really kind of fun mm-hmm so that is
our vlog video real quick I wanted to
let you guys know about there may be
some bonus features from the commercial
at the very end of the video so stay
tuned for that I might put it in will
see you have to I have to of course I
will okay okay we'll see you tomorrow
thanks for watching my
you
