checks and go get Boston hug hurry go
give him a hug go get him go get him
Jackson go give us a hug
oh good boys good job say bye bye
so we got back from the weekend with
family and Jackson is surprising me
every day he is being such a big boy I
just went up what I had in the fridge I
had some leftover shredded chicken I
just heard some barbecue sauna and
barbecue sauce on and threw on some
right figure Jackson wouldn't eat as my
new Jer and I would eat it and Jackson
is loving it you want it you love
chicken and rice fine two weeks ago you
would barely even touch it
right some more yeah do you like it
do you like it come and drop just binky
that's you
now what so we have a visitor at our
house probably one of the most wonderful
visitors ever that we ever have come to
our house Ellie nice to have you here oh
just kidding hi we just saw you so I
have a question for you despite some of
the issues that we just fixed how do you
like your new phone so what's your
favorite part about it oh the pictures
being able to get used to the kids back
and forth oh yeah you probably send
pictures to and from down a little bit
haven't you - is that yep yeah how do
you guys have you guys FaceTime yet um
there was a problem with it last night
we couldn't face oh man I know maybe
Jared fixed a few things like yeah I
didn't know what we needed to do to fix
it but I
well if you ever have any problems you
know who to call
Joel just those right up the street no
but we're very excited I'm sure Ellie is
probably already said we have an
appointment we're gonna go look at some
houses today I am so excited this is
like it's like the beginning of our life
that's like how I feel like every
milestone that we have like we got
married that's the beginning of our life
wait wait wait
we have kids that's the beginning of her
life oh my gosh we're gonna get a house
that's the beginning of our life we're
gonna have a dog like I'm so excited
about all of this mom said that she goes
you're about in the same spot I was when
I got my first home long built both of
her homes and she'd been married seven
years but you were you just had your
fourth baby oh wow did your first home
mm-hmm Wow crazy that is crazy I think I
was more excited about my house than my
baby no checks and who is that go give
grandma hugs or just dance along to the
music Jackson go give grandma where in
the world is grandpa this little this
little Calvary knee over here is just
about ready to start scooting no we did
we we were just like yeah mom said
buying a home is the most important
purchase that you make and that is
exactly why I brought her here with me
she has built two of her homes and she
knows she is very smart
oh don't say that you are very smart do
a lot more intelligent than us when it
comes to this house yes money-wise and
design
way more experienced than we do we have
zero experience mom has all of it I'm
pretty sure the guy we were talking to
wanted to kick mom out of the room but
because she she goes but we brought mom
for a reason she knows her stuff
and the guy I think was like oh no
you're fine but we remember when it
woman
remember when we went to the parade of
home we went into that last home and
everybody was like we could so picture
you living there while talking to this
guy we were telling what we wanted and
he goes let's walk through that home
again this is a one-bedroom home
obviously we would put on two bedrooms
upstairs with the kids but we're going
to walk through it one more time to kind
of get a feel for if we really really
liked it or not
funny you are so awesome Bonnie you make
a sloppy joes and we are trying to coax
Jackson to eat these sloppy joes take a
bite oh good job Jackson he's saying all
done let's jump sloppy joes sure are
sloppy
I made them extra slow before yeah I
know you kids like I'm serving in that
movie Ellie tell me how you're feeling
right now we do life right now yeah
there is there's a property that they
were telling us about and they were just
like oh this is properties gonna be so
great it's so big and so beautiful the
view is amazing it's for sale we just
found out about it so awesome we
finished up with our appointment we went
in and we went to go look at it
it's privately owned and there's horses
on it and we're just like what the heck
you you build up our dreams and then you
crush them right before us thank you for
making us Lobby jaws all day
sorry Bonnie how something is a very
long process we said three hours five
and halfway that's what it feels like
huh
it's gonna be a long process but I'm
excited and you know what else uh Lee
huh I wouldn't be doing it with anyone
else
no but seriously oh is that why you're
eating the sloppy joes cuz you got a
cookie hey work it works I guess that's
true Jackson go get Boston a hug hurry
go give him a hug go get him go get him
Jackson go give us nug Oh
good boys good job say buh-bye
I feel like how we feel after
conventions we're worse it's like we're
we just can't talk mm-hmm but it's good
it conventions where we are it so fun
and exciting but it you put all your
energies at the end of the day you're
just you you can't and that's how I feel
I feel like today was very productive
busy fun knowledgeable I'm so glad mom
was there mom just knows like she's done
this a lot yeah she's like no you don't
want this you want this you know it just
was nice having her there she definitely
knows the flow of houses which i think
is nice and it was good to have her
around so I'm glad she's there but I
think that's gonna be it we're gonna
watch a show together as a little trio
he's like are you taking me are you
talking to me yeah I'm talking to you
yes smiley Wylie we're gonna watch his
show he thought Jackson had fear of
missing out oh my gosh yeah if you
thought Calvin if you thought Jackson
had FOMO Calvin has major FOMO if he's
if he's not involved in what's going on
he will let you know about it he's like
looking is that are you talking to me
all right guys we're gonna end the vlog
thank you so much for watching we'll see
you guys tomorrow
just like that fell asleep he is ready
for a bed he's seriously like he just
wants and you don't lay by him and I'm
just good and then he can go to bed so
good night
