good morning guys guess what Jackson for
the first time through the whole night
oh let and a big-boy bed this is where
he slept last night I went to put him in
there
and he stretched his arm out here he
woke up once but we got him situated and
he went back to bed I cannot believe
that he in a big-boy bed all by
himself and so it's just injured and I
decide to put his cravat so little
toddler bed what you want to go get
another bite Kiko and Kelvin I slept
with us and as you can see we had to
wash the sheets I he's never done this
before I was putting him at like 3:00 in
the morning and I saw him open his mouth
and he wet and it all came out he was a
little stuffed up and he was he drank
the milk it was kind of like trying to
swallow it but it sounded like he was
kind of nasally and then he gagged and
then all came up it all came up and it
got everywhere yeah at 4:00 in the
morning it was crazy but we have another
day of conference today we're excited to
just sit around and get inspired by
wonderful messages
how in the world are you doing that
Jackson you know your mom's pretty agile
huh wait let me try this Oh stand watch
your head yeah you're not seven anymore
really you might look like you're seven
but you're not I used to jump on it and
just step right up
let me try this I'm gonna make a fool of
myself oh I'm not a breath now those my
ball growing up it's okay
one of us as I'm at least better at one
thing than you are it was so fun that
Jackson actually stayed in bed and
last night in a big-boy bed but for his
nap of course he wanted to sleep in the
bed and I gave him two chances he ran
out of the room twice and I said Kate
because it's in the back of play and so
I put him down and he fell asleep he was
still having so much like like plays
almost like he was playing hide and seek
or so yeah hi grandma hi grandma
no no I would grab him
um so Jackson's taken a nap and we have
Kelvin we are gonna go say hi to Grandma
yes we are very excited to see grandma
we haven't seen her in a while and so
how General Conference works it's it's
every so for two hours they have
speakers and then there's a two hour
break and then the next two hours they
have speakers so from 10:00 to 12:00
their speakers 12:00 to 2:00 there's
nothing and then 2 to 4 their speakers
again so right now we're in in between
sessions and we're gonna go visit
grandma and see how she's doing and
everything like that and and give her a
big hug and a kiss because it's been too
long since we've been down to see art
she must be smiling into right oh you
little sweetie your didn't happy aren't
you yeah yeah well we're sitting here at
grandma's house and we were just talking
about this month is kind of an it's been
knit
it'll be a pretty emotional month for us
we we just passed the one-year mark of
where we found out we were pregnant with
Calvin and yesterday so the video that
went up today a year ago was the
one-year mark of when the doctor said
that we would probably miscarry Calvin
and so looking back and thinking about
all those things has been very emotional
for us but yeah we have we have so many
highs and then so many lows and then
next week will be the one year
anniversary of grandpa's passing and
grandma and I we were just talking about
that and just you know thinking about
grandpa and and all the all the
experiences that we've had and how
grateful we are for him and and
everything that we've learned from him
and just it's it's been
year and it's been a hard year but it's
gonna be hard
yeah but it can't believe how fast the
time has gone this year and I think the
thing that really saved me was the fact
that I went to Richard and Laurie's
Fremont's and then to Tammy Craig's for
a month and I made it so that I had
somebody with me they helped me over the
rough part yeah and that really helped
ya know I'm so grateful I got such a
good family they're all so good to me
well we love you very very much and you
I don't know what I'd do without all my
also bless because when I hear stories
from other people the hell their
families are not close and I just am so
grateful for my family and yeah they've
all turned out I have to show you my
aunt Michelle this little bear this is a
grandpa bear right here
my aunt Michelle took grandpa's flannel
shirts and made this little bear out of
his flannel shirts and then knitted this
little vest which is exactly like
grandpa's vests and it does and this is
grandpa's chair and there's grandpa bear
sitting in the chair and I I just love
that I just love it more than anything
it's such a good little cuz that's my
grant that's grandpa you know it's nice
to come in here and see that there's
something there yeah I catch myself done
going past a chair putting my hand on
there I used to always go by and
his floor and every up my hand across
his forehead yeah and now I do it the
chilly old lady oh you're just great
grandma you are so wonderful
there's just something about being at
Grandma's house they grandma's always
have amazing food no matter what it is
no matter what time the food is always
amazing we we came here and we were just
like you know luscious visible talk and
everything
like oh you guys shouldn't look hungry
let's get something else like grandma we
don't we don't need anything grandma
thing oh yeah well we come here you know
we're not expecting anything we don't
plan anything she's like oh I'm just
gonna whip up a roast real quick
she made it yesterday and has this
amazing roast like just like these
grandmas and says I had a premonition
yeah exactly
she's like oh well also whip up some
strawberry shortcake no big deal
she's aren't grandmas the best anything
you want to say to 450,000 people who
are watching right now oh my goodness
are we still doing that well this the
things are still going on everything's
great
I get up every day with a smile and look
positive it's alive that's good I love
that yeah Ellie says you see where we
get it from okay
thanks grandma Wow I just happened out
of nowhere it's all sunny over here and
then you see an angry cloud right there
you just met under this straining cloud
but it's not raining over here it's just
this cloud and we're done
that was fun all right rainy Wow coming
down
Oh what are all the breeding songs that
you guys know raindrops keep falling on
my head I don't know the words to this
song right now but I know the tune maybe
you and me can sing and see now it's all
sunshine she's so crazy weird angry
croco are we on you're out there yes ah
so we're expecting with night motion
it's much linking rain baby or something
like that I like that oh I can say is
that my life is pretty plain I like
watching the puddles gathering rain oh
my gosh it's a rainbow all the way over
go away don't go away
what are you doing go away
well we just got home from Italy's mom's
house and I just put Jackson down to bed
and I'm hanging out with this here
mister man Calvin Ellie is running over
to Barney's house to visit for a little
bit and I think I might stream a video
game I haven't done that except for the
with the exception of it just a couple
days ago I haven't played a video game
in a long time so I think it's about
time I do that Jackson
I mean Calvin huh I did it again Calvin
do you want to be my gaming buddy right
now since Jackson's asleep what's up
guys I'm just playing some games on
Twitch right now right now I'm playing
Grand Theft Auto 5 and I just stole a
helicopter everyone say what's up in the
comments and we're gonna have so much
fun stealing helicopters and I may or
may not have shot a couple airplanes
down already so I apologize to those
involved so it's a game no one was
involved it was it was fun though we had
fun what's up guys how's it going say
hello look at all those people say hello
oh my gosh you guys are awesome oh I'm
getting attacked by a helicopter just
right next to me I'm gonna be dying here
in a second I've got it I've got a jump
jump oh they're still shooting at me and
we are go to bed I just Rock Jax
thank you guys for watching the vlog
today be sure to give it a big thumbs up
where are you going what else do you
want to sync Oh be sure to hit the
subscribe button if this is your first
time and we'll see you guys tomorrow bye
