good morning guys it's the first weekend
of October and we have a very important
tradition that we need to keep up hello
I would like to order some cinnamon
rolls please thank you very much
now the reason we get cinnamon rolls the
first weekend of October is because we
also get cinnamon rolls the first
weekend in April and that's because
those two weekends the first weekend in
an April on the first weekend in October
we sit down as a family and friends and
we watch an event called General
Conference is basically our church gets
together and everyone around the world
will sit down and listen to all of these
wonderful amazing motivational
inspirational talks and it's just fun
for us to sit down in the family and
listen to these talks feel better and to
have to enjoy each other's company and
have a tasty treat so that's what we're
doing this weekend is we're going to
watch General Conference listen to these
talks have some cinnamon rolls we're
going to go spend some time with family
and hopefully be inspired about a thing
or two
he's leading the music leave the music
grandpa Meachem would be so proud ready
two three four one show Dad how to lead
can you lead the music Jackson
we're on our way up to my mom's to
finish watching conference with them and
hi and we stopped at JC Penney's Jerrod
ran into tried on some pants real quick
and um I was just sitting here you know
I'm just kind of doing this not only
went this nicely meant this they family
walked by and just witnessed be picking
my nose so I decided to share with
everybody else I was just picking my
nose I did you're right he just woke up
from his nap you fell asleep in the car
don't go see grandpa yeah let's go see
grandpa these are the pair of pants that
you just sent me it's a really dark wash
I think it looks good especially this
shirt I told him you should get two pair
dark wash and a light wash oh well did
you find something fit I found some that
fit and I found some without yeah well I
guess I've anti-climatic I guess these
pants won't be worn by no your parents
say when we get into the house no no no
to think that you beat me
we're sitting here just watching from a
poor family and Linda's Hitler's you
want your vodka and walk these are our
children you look so nice older than she
loved him
she's smiling for the pigeon
kick the ball kick it ah
kick it good job good dribbling look at
him go he's dribbling so good
Oh hands penalty corner kick good throw
in
okay ready Jackson watch this ready
that's not my trick ready see how many I
can get
oh I love that Calvin is just like
laying on me it's starting to rain so I
need to go inside he just like laid his
head down are you so sweet
I've been loving it up in the treehouse
because there's a ton of leaves up there
and he's like non-gm let's go don't go
step on some of these Jackson let's go
step on the leaves oh look at all these
leaves you stepping on all of them step
on the leaves
good job I love fall because I will go
out of my way to step on a crunchy leaf
that's just how much I love it k ready
Jackson we're gonna step on the leaves
ready one two was that fun you like
stepping on the leaves Jackson took the
safe way down I think I might do
something a little more adventurous one
two three
oh my gosh Ellie it looks like you're
like having a reaction to something I
think it's a cold sore no that is not a
cold so no it is I think it is that's
like that's like you got stung by a bee
or you got bit by a bug or something
like can you see it from there oh yeah
is it cold sore it's like a hive or
something yeah yeah oh it's like yeah
it's tingling it could be a cold sore
it's probably I've never seen your cold
yeah I've never seen your cold sores
like that yeah looks like a hive it's
getting bigger as I'm talking I can feel
it that has to be a cold sore but
Coulter would not come on that fast not
big no flow sauces otherwise I don't
know you've never had one like that you
see what I love death that means I can't
kiss Kelvin or Jackson I can feel it
right now is I mean it's I've been
sitting here for five minutes and I can
feel it yeah everyone's looking at me
like it's ugly
is it this guy over here what in the
world is he doing dude dude gay Jackson
Jackson can do it again bunk dude 30 30
30 only thing I can think of as a cold
sore at first I thought maybe it says it
coming in did you eat something your are
you allergic to anything you're not
allergic to anything I thought that
would call a cold sore I've never had a
cold sore come on that big I just did it
again and we are family we got cold
sores quite a bit especially like when
we're stressed I'm not really stressed
that I guess house hunting has been up
but not fighting this I mean that is
huge yeah yeah I'll get that nice yeah
this happened in a matter of two minutes
I've never had a culture like this it is
mostly on the inside of my mouth so you
can see like you can see on my lip
put my up line mouth that's not on the
inside this is so uncomfortable
this is so big we're going to look at
homes and like talk into like another
realtor on Monday oh my gosh this is
huge it's like on the inside wall you
can see the inside of my lip and looking
at the mirror like you could see like
the inside of it all this is miserable
I'm not gonna be able to kiss Calvin or
Jackson yeah yeah can you see mom shall
we Jackson look at me look at me can you
see my alley ah you see the alley on my
lip I went to put Jackson down to sleep
and he did not want to go on the pack of
play he cried so hard it kept pointing
to the bed so him in the bed and I said
can you stay I said that the door and he
started to get out and I went back in
and I said you stay if I could that's
where you want to sleep you stay so I
only had to tell him once I think he
fell asleep in the bed
close your eyes okay she's awake but
he's in bed he has not gotten out of bed
I think that eye thing on my lip was a
bug bite yeah that's a mom said it
probably was the swelling is gone a bug
probably bit me
yeah we had a wonderful day of family
attended the vlog we have to show you
what my brother hi Bobo and Calvin and
his knee is doing a lot better by the
way you're done good with that guys you
can move it that's a lot of ocean bo is
just cuddling a Calvin mmm he is asleep
so basically do you hold him like this
every single night and it's not know how
you couldn't know this kid so cute it's
gonna trade you through you can hold him
a curl hold Calvin it will all be has to
watch for a goose swatch that'll swap
like okay it's a work swaddle you swatch
his poop and I'll spot you your kids
poop hmm
durable things well guys we will see you
what's the drill I'll see you tomorrow
see you tomorrow okay okay another fun
relaxing day family it'll be a great day
tomorrow
see ya bye
