good morning guys today has been so fun
already I just filmed a haul video that
I purchased items for the kids for fall
and it's actually on my channel right
now if you want to watch it but look how
cute
Jackson is right here just like modeling
his clothes for me who is so cute um so
I'm just sitting here editing what I
have so far and I just think the kids
were so fun and cute today Calvin I told
you guys yesterday I was like I don't
think he's like doing like you just
didn't seem to be so happy all day
he must be growing through a growth
spurt or something he is eating like
every hour he is you're crazy you crazy
you are you are you crazy
anyway this money has been really fun
and Jackson's taking a nap so I'm just
editing the video so I'm excited to see
what today has in store for us
I cannot believe Calvin is starting
trying to sit up like he's on the couch
but he's like pushing his body for wear
at all and then I push him harder but
he's pushing his body forward like that
look at that he's been doing that all
morning
hi he likes it Annette yeah get threat
we're gonna put his new hat on him today
because I think we are going to go I
think judge wanted to go into town so
look it's a cold day today
so we all look how cute it is Ruth they
give you that is he yeah you look goofy
Ely goofy I wanted to get my thoughts
out because something tragic happened
today a member of the bratayley family
passed away and
can you just met them and yeah and I
just met their family at VidCon some of
the sweetest people ever we had so much
fun chatting and everything and I was
just thinking it like first off and
foremost our thoughts and prayers are
with you like I cannot even imagine the
heartache and the heartbreak that they
are going through right now you guys are
in our thoughts and our prayers we're
thinking about you during these times it
brings some extra special attention to
those people around you into those
people that you love make sure you take
the time to tell someone you love them
if you are even thinking about it
questioning it you have that burning in
your heart that you should be doing
something right now just to tell someone
that you love them and appreciate them
drop whatever you're doing and do it now
send your parents a text message give
them a call give them a hug because you
never know we live in a life of
uncertainty and you never know when
something isn't going to go the way that
you wanted to so always take the time to
tell people that you love them because
those are the things that you're going
to miss and those are the things that
you're gonna regret you didn't say
everything else is fleeting and doesn't
matter but the love that you have with
someone else that's what matters and
that's what's important
I don't know them very well but what I
do know is that they're a family and I
have a family and I know the love that
they have for their boy
be with your family be with your friends
love and cherish them I could not I
could not imagine going through what
they're going through right now
again our hearts and thoughts are with
you we love you guys we appreciate you
go send them love and appreciation right
now because if anyone keeps the hell
against them first off first off I just
got off the phone with my mom and I
called her and I told her I loved her
very very much and you should too
second of all I just looked in there no
second you said give me some liquor I
said I said Ellie would you mind giving
me and Jackson a few thin piece of
licorice and Ali looks back and I look
in the rearview me forget it oh my gosh
did you see that Oh Jackson I think you
still have some on your face to eat
Jared's figuring out something with
their phones or we are staying at how
cute Jackson is over there look how
adorable
I like these keeping us out on these
that is like the cutest thing ever
pretty cuties growing away to the last
No yeah it you want to dance shoot right
as we were about to dance the song stuff
fun I love seeing the water oh my gosh
it's it's so fun I love this little
shopping area it's just fun they have a
play area for the kids it's so great I
want to dance with you Ellie gosh Donna
when we get down to that music oh do you
hear the music right there well coming
though you're gonna dance with me girl
don't dance on your own this is not a
solo you're gonna dance with me Ellie is
at the gap right now oh I've got to
watch out there's cars coming Jared oh
ho as I was saying Ellie's got the gap
right now getting those little pink tags
taken off of the kids pants and I'm
excited because I just got off the phone
with my friend he's gonna meet us for
dinner my best friend growing up and his
wife and kids are gonna come have dinner
with us it's been probably over a year
since we've seen each other so it's a
long time overdue
Marco oh she does not work
Yonsei Jackson in the wintertime this
whole green area is a prize for a string
so we're going to totally cut and I can
do it in Jackson guys he's kind of
finally opener to do like stuff like
that moaning so fun Ellie guess what
they're playing a song so we're we are
setting this camera
this park in Jackson is just running
everywhere he goes he runs and runs and
runs he is having so much fun this is
such a cute park to be at and like all
the waters over there seems already
already lost him he's over there
somewhere
climbing we've got it kids here sit up
jump up we've got a kid that's sitting
up there we got babies of galore we have
our friends with the automated baby on
the table and this lock is been under
the table grab it over this it's been a
very eventful experience having dinner
with four kids
yes this is Jared and his beautiful
family so we're just kind of hanging out
and these two kids have been off the
wall literally Jackson you want to jump
one two three
oh good job that is so good give you a
goodbye Jack that's a good high five
Jackson good Capon high five Oh I'm
sitting here with my family and my mom
and dad we were looking at homes and
talking about percentages and Jackson
comes running in with this and I was
like taken away from him my mom has had
this her whole life this is my mom's
calculator she can figure anything out
on this I remember as a kid trying to do
stuff on this and like it wouldn't work
it's like it's a different calculator I
have a hard time with the other kind of
calculators now yeah it is the RPM is a
hewlett-packard and it's reverse polish
notation and so it's kind of hard to
figure it out but once you start once
you ever want to go back you never want
to go back funny well yeah it's a good
calculator so it's funny talking about
houses because all I remember is my mom
holding that calculator sitting in a
chair with the paper
my mom would sketch out house plans she
designed her house here and so anyway
it's kind of fun sitting down with the
family we're talking about houses
because that's all we talk about
nowadays is babies diapers butts and
houses mom says I had to get the
calculator Jackson Jackson Hey look at
me look I mama Hey look go go get a ball
get a ball go get a ball in there
go get a toy got it you guys have to
promise not to judge us okay it's 10
o'clock at night did it it's 9:30 at
night and and checks in is very busy but
we want to hang out with Grandma and
Grandpa a little bit and so Sophie we
put him in Calvin's car seat
you're just moving all over the place
huh uh-oh were you watching a youtube
show is that so Grandma and Grandpa are
in mom and dad could talk grandpa do you
like being in there are you a victim
oh here let's everybody right oh my gosh
I think every one of us has it gone up
at least three times ago pick them up
from someone who's not supposed to be
here again you I'm doing it Justin
Justin look at dad look Hey look at me
well we made the long drive home back
from Ellie's parents house to our place
and we are going to call it a night
again we send our deepest sympathies to
the bratayley family and our thoughts
and prayers are with them during this
part breaking time that they're going
through I can't even imagine I can't
even imagine but thank you guys for the
support that you've given us thank you
guys for the opportunity that we have to
be able to have this community together
with our friends with our family with
all those around us it means the world
to us and I know that your support means
a lot to that family tonight
be sure to hug your little ones call
your parents your family members until
I'm you love them we'll see you guys
tomorrow bye
