and there's a rock here on the couch and
then if you go outside there is a little
toy this is filled with rocks that is my
son's little collection of rocks huh
sweet
whew
Calvin is down for his first half of the
day Jackson this is cool he's watching
Elmo to access any Street and I am maybe
Jarrod's outhouse and I'm giving my
grocery list ready for the week and I
never watch Sesame Street growing up I
don't know what like I think a few times
I think it annoyed me like growing up I
didn't like Sesame Street
I liked bananas in pyjamas that's what I
had to watch that's what I loved to
watch that's what I wanted a lot but
Jackson doesn't seem to mind it but I
remember being a kid and like not liking
Sesame Street I think it annoyed me or
something but kind of funny I am going
to get a list ready of some things to
eat section out for the week it's like
pretty much the weekend oh I'm all over
the place but I'm gonna make me some
cookies because last night I tried to
make cookies all he heard me say cookie
he's saying more now oh great he heard
me say that I'm going to make some of
those today because last night they
didn't turn out very well Jackson you'll
help me make some later ok you'll help
me make some later he totally heard me
say that yeah say Elmo so mom and Calvin
went to the chiropractor to get some
work done in Jackson and I we're just
hanging out on the couch eating the
snack can I have a light kind of like ah
oh you trickster ah got up got it you
like me too oh oh thank you
since the decathlon I've been really
interested in photography especially
some of the night photography I thought
that was like some of the most fun so
I'm on lynda.com right now watching
another tutorial about taking night
photography with like water so you get
like that cool reflection and you know
we're just going through the lesson it's
really cool I'm learning a ton and I
wanted to remind you guys that if you go
to lynda.com slash Ellie and Jared you
can get a ten day free trial of all of
these amazing categories game design web
development songwriting Adobe
Illustrator Photoshop After Effects all
of these amazing
creative things over 3,000 different
courses for you guys to learn more about
to increase your creativity level to
increase your knowledge so go to
lynda.com /le endure it for a free
10-day trial and learn more just like I
am
I just put Jackson down for a nap Ellie
and Calvin are still out at the
chiropractor looks like I'm all alone
no exactly max and just like that mom
has left us out was just those two it's
just those two Kelvin I only want to run
to the grocery store real quick to pick
up a few things and Calvin before you go
take a nap we've got to do some
exercises we've got to go do some
physical therapy exercises what do you
think about that should we do your daily
exercises yeah
stretch number 1 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 oh
and relax stretch 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 oh
and relax
Ready Set stretch 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 1 2
3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 oh and relax good job
nah 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 can all push you it
push through a buddy
Ready Set 22 a good job good job buddy
you did it so you went to the store so
you can make cookie free I'm trying no
treats what do you make up I'm trying a
cream cheese pumpkin bread thing oh yeah
some of the batter and I'm just putting
the cream cheese pie which is like kind
of hard to work with I'm anxious to see
how it's good trend this seems like very
thick Calvin I think I hear your brother
should we go oh you just spit it right
out should we go pick him up
should we go get Jackson huh I hear him
this cookie Jackson good morning
Starshine Pearce says hello it's Calvin
daddy did you have a good nap yeah hmm I
haven't worn Calvin in a long time just
around the house but he has been extra
kind of sad today he's been a little
blue maybe we haven't seen the
chiropractor in a long time so maybe
he's just been I don't know I don't know
what it is you're extra blue but I kind
of like that you wanna snuggle
I know snuggling my bread got done now
it looks really good you can see the
cream cheese in the middle that looks
pretty good as smells good our house
smells like pumpkin spice it smells
amazing so we'll see if oh my god breath
holding if you're heavy there was 14
bags you're heavy
I'm excited to try the brezza today
after dinner the reason why I'm smiling
is because it took me three times to say
that I've said it three times now so far
I finally can spit it out
I'm excited tonight after dinner to try
the bread to see if it's good you've
taken my brain Calvin you sucked it out
of me my brain is gone so I'm facetiming
with my sister Julie and I just showed
her the pumpkin bread that I made with
cream cheese in the middle and show me
what you're making okay pumpkin
cookie the other day and so you inspired
me Oh cute I like the pumpkin cookies I
wish if you were here I would give you a
slice of my bread for a bite of your
cookie I betrayed you our friends April
and Davey are coming and we are so
excited I'm excited to try my cake every
convention we go - it seems like Davey
buys my lunch or dinner wait how come
I'm never there what is going on because
I'm pregnant where I think you were gone
one time in April and we came together
I'm now I was out doing something else
and then they just happened to run into
you and save you thank you so much for
your hospitality
so I invited him over for dinner I was
ah but all by all up garden I'll make
dessert but all by Olive Garden and
Jackson did not eat lunch today we had
chicken sandwiches we had a little bit
of corn you want more okay um he did not
eat his lunch he took like a few bites
and I i sat there and said you're gonna
eat and of course you didn't eat and I
said okay then you don't get a treat
when you're done see always you know
want to a tree or something I know
animal cracker you know something to
snack on later
and so from lunch until dinner usually
even I snack like I'm a snappy person
but I have a snack because I haven't
wanted to give him anything because he
didn't eat his lunch and it is dinner
and he's like I might hate noodles and
chicken and he those are the two things
that he really doesn't eat like he does
a mac and cheese he doesn't eat noodles
and he doesn't eat chicken but he did
just eat all of it
so because he had all that he can have a
little bit of breadstick because I know
he'll eat that and I did want him to get
full off of that so you got hungry
enough to eat huh find the eaten I'm so
proud of him can you blow on it is he
juggling Jackson can you blow on it it's
hot blow on it
good job is he trying to juggle can you
juggle that we need to get us a trick or
treat look for fruit smell my feet give
me something good to eat why are there
doing underwear boy you cut your hair
stick a duck under wet water put your
hair stick it done underwear I think
April and David kids are having a hoot
are you guys having fun with it that is
a card and hi April and Davey they're
talking about our security
we've been talking about homes like yeah
yeah palaces security systems and kids
are the topics we a prolific just build
a most beautiful home ever
Rowley why don't you come over doorknobs
tell us everything you know of opinions
on hard this is a this is a long process
yeah good the bad and ugly right I'm not
a part of that I'm the bad haha get the
good my cake turned out really good yeah
I think next time I won't do the filling
so thick just hit something
do you like it would you like it if
Jackson wants it it's definitely yo you
need anything even rocks oh no that is a
good it's very good
gotta go okay oh you want a bite okay
I'll get you one say please
good say please and say mama mama say
mama
hey Davey alright Jesus I can't hear
nothin he's I think as I was picking up
the toys tonight I found a bunch of
rocks that Jackson brought in and I
thought this one is actually really cool
it's like really smooth and there's a
rock here on the couch and then if you
go outside there is a little toy this is
filled with rocks that is my son's
little collection of rocks uh sweet well
guys it's that time annoyed again
Ellie and I and this guy gonna watch a
movie and we're gonna eat some popcorn
be delicious back thanks for watching
the vlog today guys we hope you have a
wonderful day oh it's the weekend for
you guys have a great weekend
have a great weekend for us - Jared yeah
we're gonna have a good weekend and you
guys are gonna come along for the ride
thanks bye oh no way no way
