hey good morning guys good morning
Boston what are you doing here oh you're
going to Cody Clark's house is that what
you're doing the girls are getting ready
to go are you guys so excited you
excited wait hold on hold on you guys
are shining too bright you're shining
too bright there we go now I can see
yeah let's say halos on for the first
time times like I never Houston I'm if I
don't look good I don't feel good I will
look at I won't shop I don't know yeah
any of that make sense it makes sense
all cheering - where Hills - right okay
the day's yours lady sees it seize the
day
okay I love you
you
Jackson say bye mom
Oh give mom a big hug he wants to go to
card thing on what you can Boston Boston
yeah okay boys it's just you and me what
do you want to do today what do you want
to do do you want to go somewhere where
do you want to go Boston change boss of
us to go to church Jackson where do you
want to go today we're search is that
what you should just sit - did he say
Church okay guys we're going to church
today whoa Jackson say yeah yeah
buses say yeah yeah yeah okay guys we're
gonna have a lot of fun today okay just
you and the boy
just the boys kay we're gonna have a lot
of fun today all right yes football
football touchdown well if we're gonna
have a lot of fun today I have to get
ready one two three okay I think we're
ready to rock and roll guys what do you
say we're all dressed but before we go I
think we should have a snack do you guys
watch snack what do i snack let's get a
snack
oh my gosh that was very funny we were
just driving down the road and Bonnie's
like um enjoy turn here to my car like
she's like Oh Ellie I'm like come on
Ellie
I'm the worst and like oh you just drive
a look at the window I won't even
navigate huh I don't know where is have
we driven in Salt Lake City why do we
live here our whole life I don't know
all right we made it to the wiggle worm
and we're wiggling are you guys having
fun oh you want off okay
Boop yeah not so fun when only one
person's on it try sitting in the middle
do I sit in the middle yeah there you go
oh good job blossoms on his motorcycle
he goes for that first thing every
single time while looking for some chalk
I just need a piece of chalk so we can
keep up on our tradition oh here's a
tiny tiny piece let's see
I'm doing this left-handed by the way
there we go left our mark with the one
piece of chalk side left ready set oh
we're going so fast oh we're going so
fast busting which was that fun do you
want to do it again oh no crash
go
are you getting that file sent over for
me then we can send it up to the CEO
make sure key the proves is that can you
set it
oh no your questionable is it done
you're not entering we need to call
waiting to call the Stevenson's will you
call him will you pick up the phone and
give him a call let him know we're gonna
be a little bit late perfect thank you
very much I appreciate that
Bonnie and I just left the store we were
walking around it what was your name
again my name is Matt Matt Matt we were
walking by and Matt goes Ellie I was
surprised to him Bonnie I guess meet my
man and he said that he was trying to
find us at Comic Con but then he just
I'm just walking around so nice to meet
you both of you I'm glad he goes yeah
just had some nice lunch
both the boys are asleep Cody's at like
a friend's house I think and Olivia is
on our way back home from school in
about an hour so right now I'm gonna get
some work done while the kids are
sleeping this is called efficiency my
friend Olivia made it home from school
how was school okay good did you have
fun today
good well I think Jackson is a way
should we go let's go hi buddy
oh do you want do you want your daddy
doing daddy one change well done oh hold
on oh look at him go
look at this strings ha ha ha you're so
sad again again Oh again okay
oh now pull yourself up pull yourself up
for yourself oh yeah oh my gosh you're
so strong Jackson you're so strong
well the boys are awake now and Olivia
and I are swinging are you having fun
Olivia yeah yes oh my gosh you're crazy
Jackson Boston are you guys having fun
yeah are you guys having a lot of fun
over there playing in the rocks oh don't
eat that rock don't
but in your mouth don't lick it you
liked it okay we'll just don't eat it
oh oh okay don't put anybody okay you
ate it don't swallow it Jackson you
swallowed it well we're gonna look for
some rocks in a couple days
I'm just kidding he didn't need a rock
that's silly every time I'm on a swing
I'm thrown back to my elementary school
days Ponderosa elementary where we'd get
on the swings and I'd swing as high as I
possibly could and I would just throw my
head back and I would just swing back
and forth and I would feel like I could
fly and that was like the closest thing
at that time that I could get to flying
do you feel like you fly sometimes
Olivia when you're on the swing do you
have fun on the swing probably you've a
can fly ooh ha believe I can touch the
sky think Melanie already did indeed
indeed really really leave run the
monster you try Jackson where they rawr
you try Livia Oh Boston do you want to
try do you want to try being the monster
I'm gonna get you I'm gonna get you I'm
gonna get you oh no no no no no no
they're just better on me there's a
spider on me Jack singing it's you hey
Jackson can you put your head on my
chest
oh sweet killing buh buh buh oh I don't
know why I love this so much
Oh Bonnie got a cucumber line yep
now that City my mouth it's kind of very
fresh
the first taste is crazy a body and I
she said where do you want to go for
lunch and I was like I don't know
chick-fil-a it was McDonald there's and
then I was like wait no no no no yes we
can sit and actually enjoy our meal and
not scarf again we are very excited and
then maybe we'll nurse our babies
together yes we've nurse our babies in
the waiting room will probably ask for a
boost we can nurse our babies in the zoo
this is fun Calvin's being really good
relaxing and you're actually been able
to find stuff yeah yeah I had purchased
a few sweaters I'm very excited about
well mom and Anne Bonny just gave us a
quick text message and said that they
would be home soon so I figured let's go
inside we'll put on a little show Rookie
of the Year when my favorite movies as a
kid and these guys what are you doing
yeah you guys chillin out maxin relaxin
all cool well we made it home and Ellie
made it back wonderful day I'm so glad
you did I really really am glad you had
a good day today lunch was good mm-hmm
um I think cuz usually when we go into
like the store is like we just walk in
really quick I like look mm I okay
nevermind and I actors able to like take
my time and it was really nice and
Calvin was a dream oh good
it was nice that bonnie is helping I
fell backs Bonnie cane and Mike helped
me so thanks well did she get she got
stuff right she got pants but she was
funded like I got um some sweaters and
I'm glad you did I'm glad you do I love
it I think this is the funniest shirt
ever um you know this was filmed in the
Ogden took place at you tomorrow in Utah
there's a there's a they did the pool
scene in Utah I think as well I was um
so tell me what you're doing over here
and I'm copying this oh wow
I can actually hmm oh hi oh
our Missy's cookies known for being like
super soft
like four or five days ago I probably
should throw this away and we make some
music forget oh my god about I kind of
want to cookie sound good
oh yeah that's not that's bad Ellie I
was thinking as I was watching these
kids today while we're at our house yeah
come follow me I want to show you this
over here follow me over this way I want
to show you something over here um so
when I was playing Tony Hawk I look back
here and I was just like this is a
disaster like there's no organization
whatsoever over here it's probably a
decent fire hazard and then like back
here is like just the same way it's just
so bad they're like well and what I was
thinking is like maybe I should get some
like horde organizers and really just
like make it really neat maybe I'll make
that like my weekend project or
something like that yes is there any way
we could put the TV on the wall should
we mount the TV well if we did that to
hide the cords we'd have to put the
stuff in here like all the the consoles
the TV cable thing and stuff oh honey ha
ha ha you're cute someday someday we'll
have wireless let's get rid of all jared
is using my hair ties to clean all this
up and I decided to make cookies and I
thought oh I don't have enough butter
and I'm just going to make this work and
it didn't work they taste awful they
taste like sand
so that was fun I guess I'll eat an
apple the trip for the night that one
was popcorn so we're going to go ahead
eat some popcorn watch a little show
cuddle hit the hay hmm you haven't foot
kelan down to bed Rafe and HAP you know
I tried today it was difficult he is a
little pale he is a pill I appreciate
your patience
I appreciate yours ok guys we'll see you
tomorrow we'll check
have some popcorn okay my buddy
member
