good morning guys
how are you guys that is baby Kelvin we
are up nice and early or just on regular
time I guess and I am just getting ready
to make breakfast and getting some
french toast going on here we are going
to go with office today and I wanted to
be able to be ready and feel good you
want milk you're signing milk okay just
one minute and I knew I wanted to be
ready for the day when we look at homes
so I knew we were waking up early and
very rarely do I wake up before the kids
and get ready but I knew if I didn't I
wouldn't have time to get ready so I got
up a little bit early I know yeah myself
spruced up so let's see some breakfast
we got a good start to our day and then
I got to get my two little kiddos ready
for the day should we go look at houses
the only bread I had on hand was the
bread that's like the sunflower seeds in
and stuff and french toast is french
toast is a yummy yummy yummy but a whole
season is kind of weird and it's not my
favorite but Jackson loves it and he
even has a little dish to dip it in and
that's your favorite thing so it's okay
we're using what we have we're driving
to the first house and this is such a
beautiful area
it literally is on this hillside it's
beautiful
the only downfall I think to it is that
it's not very close to Bonnie and I just
figured if we're gonna live here you
might as well live so much this is so
cool great it's a beautiful office I'm
just gonna say that's it oh that's an
office right there should we take our
shoes off do they wanna I think you'll
be okay in my mom I was like peekaboo
don't say hi are you having fun in there
Jackson oh he just said he picked
through here and was like hi I like how
big the basement is Jackson do you think
we should get a ping-pong table so we're
here at the second house and I'm already
liking this a little bit better
certainly a lot more oh do you like
detail the other house better mom this
is open
like this like I'm labrum area yeah
sorry Jackson you got shut down but
anyway I want to show you this we're
here this might be one of the coolest
things ever would you might bear on the
door for me sure thanks babe
so here's the garage oh and there's a
third garage oh wait this floor watch
keeps going back Ellie do you know what
we can put back here this is a beautiful
Drive well and I like it because there
are so many trees around
yes it's very developed that's that's I
think that's the word we're looking for
not very hard part about building is
that you won't have all those trees at
first yeah you can always put them in
yeah and wait 10 years ha ha
dori this is beautiful you're do this is
a fun little backyard you guys explore
in the shed
I'll look there's a ladder and the tiny
little door I think we should go see
what's up there Ellie chocolate made it
okay all right hi pups and behind door
number one oh look at that that's fun
Jackson is a playroom just for you yeah
do you want to come up here okay
to uncommon sight and play yeah
what do you think you like it do you
like it yeah
for the last house and I'm starving and
we've seen a lot of houses today this is
the last and I think the best save the
best for last
I like that kitchen I actually really
like the beadboard we walked in and it
just felt really cozy and warm and I
really like this layout Jared's outside
looking at the oh this is so cool this
is actually really nice that's a really
nice big backyard this feels cozy I'm
getting mad at Jared because I'm like
Jared no I'm trying to talk to you and
he's playing but that's good too I guess
try and playing that's a good point he
wants to play on the chapel there's like
a little sandbox in the corner this I
think this is the first home that we've
actually been like okay we can see
ourselves here we could see our kids
playing and running this is this is
really sweet actually
well that's a rectangular trampoline
those are bouncier Ellie was saying you
know you find a home you like when you
start talking about your life inside of
it and there's a really cool office area
just like this whole areas a big office
and then I like the family room right
over here maybe it's just because the
big TV I don't know I'm such a junkie
look at this isn't that cool give me
your thoughts and ideas about our house
hunting Marv deer just is a process that
this is one of the biggest life
decisions I feel like Oh totally getting
married is obviously the biggest time in
children is the biggest like buying a
house is scary it is I mean there's so
much that you have to think about so
much that goes into it so we lots of
thinking yeah really great um the the
last house that we were out we really
really liked it was really good I have a
feeling that all of our requirements
yeah I definitely have a feeling that so
that house went up today I have a
feeling by the end of the week
we'll be sold that's just how houses
work here like in this part of Utah is
their up and then they're sold just like
that like it's it's crazy how fast it
goes we're not quite ready to like know
jump in and say okay we're doing it
today so but it's exactly what we want
and we'll keep looking
that's exactly what we're doing is we're
just looking for ideas and everything
that's probably gonna be a little bit
but it definitely gets me excited yeah
I'm so tickled Jackson we left him
outside to play in the backyard oh and
he loves it
oh my gosh and not that backyard it was
enclosed it was safe it was fun and
exciting is just like that's the
backyard I want had a trampoline Ellie
built into the ground
no I welcome to the ground Jared Locke
I'll go look inside - I'm very excited
right now mostly one I just have a
Slurpee my tongue is very red - when I
was a kid my brothers and I would play
Tony Hawk pro skater and Tony Hawk pro
skater - all the time that's one thing
that I remember as a kid how laughing
and having a great time competing you
know trying to get the best high school
do the biggest combo ever
I've been following Tony Hawk he just
announced well a little while ago
announced Tony Hawk pro skater five is
coming out it just came out today I had
to pick it up so I got it and I'm very
excited I think I might be able to you
know pull up the stream and do a stream
real quick we'll see how that works out
but I'm excited to feel the nostalgia
that I had when I was a little kid so
that's why I'm excited I'm excited right
now
and and I'm sleepy mmm Calvin and I have
been hanging out in the office taking
care of some business taking care of
some business are you taking care of
Fitness out here or are those your rocks
what are you guys doing out here oh
don't fall Ellie are you skating and
sweeping and skating and playing the
thing is he was doing this and watching
me backwards and then we get he knows
not to go happen to use this little
sneak though he knows not
- and then he went by and kept calling -
oh he did Jackson can you say on the
skateboard these cans are white filthy
cuz you guys have been clean in stay
here look at that
that's a skateboard just for you buddy
yeah this is like I have a headache
because this is like pollen and there's
tons of stuffing oh yeah I have to show
you guys Jackson's hands before I fill
up this is what it looks like when you
clean the garage with mom so much dirt
jared has not played a game and forever
he is so excited to stream it I think he
knows he goes will if I stream it if I
do some sort of social media wait right
cuz he told me he's like I think you did
a stream and I'm like oh yeah okay I
think he's onto something
oh it's fun it's fine fine right now
it's dirty you so doodie Jackson's
trying to pick Calvin up he brought over
the stool and then bent down to pick me
yeah he can't quite sit on there yet Jax
oh oh no oh be soft be soft I don't
think he can hold you bro Oh make a
u-turn makin a u-turn flip it around
guys I just wanted to talk to you about
my sweet sweet wife
we're talking about ello he's put into
the Sun always the Sun in your eyes I'm
sorry buddy
I want to talk about my sweet sweet wife
and just how amazing and wonderful she
is how selfless she is today she knew I
was excited about the video game and
what you know wanting to play it and
everything so she didn't even say
anything to me she picked up and clean
up the garage to clean up the house she
cleaned up the office which all needed a
lot of cleaning she didn't even say
anything while I was doing the stream
and I just like my wife is so good to me
my wife is so good to our family and I'm
so grateful for her and all that she
does and you know yesterday she was
talking about you know the clothes and I
totally get it
I mean we all have different things I
I'm the on Sunday shirt on his mind I'm
strange right my neck is getting big and
I don't like it and my tie was tight and
everything I was just like getting
frustrated you ever get so frustrated
just like far rip your clothes off rip
your clothes off
well I only has the same thing but it's
just like these clothes are getting so
you know I'm getting so small that these
clothes don't really fit and everything
and it's just like a lot of what I've
had in like it hello since high school I
don't want to wear this or a few centons
high school a lot since I started
working in the slum because I was like
five years ago so I'm like I'm sick of
these and I just said you know what
Ellie like you're just so awesome just
just take the day I will watch the kids
you go do whatever you want to do what
if it's shopping I was just kidding you
know let's just go do whatever you want
to do I will take care of the kids I
will if you want to bring bunny I'll
watch the kids and so I just want you to
know how much I love and appreciate you
and you're just so amazing and wonderful
and marvelous incredible and fantastic
on point one awesome girl have fun okay
okay I want you to be comfortable and
happy because I appreciate what you do
and how selfless you are
give me a kiss ha that's my rant goodbye
turds looking at what's right now
hey Johnny Johnny yes Papa eating sugar
no papa
are you lying no Papa open your mouth
oh you are the cutest little guy ever
let's go one more time Johnny Johnny yes
Papa eating sugar no papa
are you lying no Papa open your mouth
okay let's take a bath what are you
smiling about huh what are you smiling
about smiling mix my Larssen now you
smile oh my goodness well we have an
early day tomorrow don't we you've got
to get ready for your big day tomorrow
to do so we are gonna get Calvin to bed
and we are gonna go to bed so you guys
can't come to bed with us so we figure
we let you hang out until we see you
tomorrow what do you think good idea
yeah thanks for watching guys we hope
you enjoyed the video today be sure to
give it a big thumbs up and if you guys
have it be sure to subscribe it's
totally free and it just lets you know
and whenever we put out a video which is
every single day thanks for watching see
ya bye bye bye bye bye bye ah smile
