are you playing pots and pans and drums
this is what you need you need a war
little spoon hold that and drum it on
that there now you have a band you just
need some more players
good morning guys on today's agenda we
are going to my mom and dad's house we
are giving them our old iPhone my
parents have never had phones you'll see
you later um and so we're going to give
that to them I'm really excited I made
some cookies last night and I have a key
little extra stored away from my brother
he just got surgery on his knee and so
we're to go visit him and lastly this
morning I was getting frustrated and I
was showing a Jared my expression
because I felt like I kept trying on
different outfits and nothing fit and
yesterday for church I was trying on all
my pencil skirts and nothing fit and I
was getting frustrated just because like
either my clothes were old or they were
fitting well just with like having the
baby I just I I did want to keep that
extra 10 pounds but sometimes
breastfeeding affects people differently
and I've I've lost it really fast and I
just am frustrated with how all my
clothes are fitting and Jared was so
sweet this morning he's like you got the
kids all winter clothes
Jared made an order of all his clothes
for winter he's like I'm gonna watch the
kids so that you and Kelvin can go into
town this week by yourself for a whole
day and just shop because when you shop
with kids like whenever I go I mean I'm
sure a lot of you guys with kids know
that you just really can't shop for
yourself and I'm not one that I can
really order things for myself online
because I really have to try it on
because I feel like I have to have this
size or it doesn't work
so anyway I'm really excited for that
later in the week but Jackson he has
been saying grandma all morning and I
don't I didn't even tell him that we
were going to Grandma's house are we
going to Grandma's house yes and we miss
grandma up in Washington we actually
were going to go and be there next week
with them but things didn't line up and
didn't work out I'm kind of sad that
we're not going but we'll make another
trip he's so funny but we'll make
another trip up and go see it but we've
really miss
my grandpa up in Washington what are you
doing fly fly we've been doing that for
the past few days and he put his arms
out yeah fly again oh yeah yeah can fly
you can't even see it
Oh what is this a hot towel it says wash
me whip watch me nae nae
wash me whip whip watch me nae nae watch
me nae nae Jackson say watch me whip
watch me nae nae
hey say neigh neigh
I knew the car was dirty and so they
said wash me that's funny that was funny
we are driving through the canyon on the
way to Grandma's house and give this
another what week or two and this is get
this whole side of the mountain is going
to be red orange yellow it's going to be
beautiful
it already is but well that's what I got
anyway we were up in the Alpine loop
area and the leaves were like yellow and
black because there wasn't enough
moisture this year oh my god I think I
think this might be as red as been good
no I could be wrong well maybe we'll see
well we'll keep you guys posted on it
because usually it's crazy colors well
do the drive again we do this drive
quite a bit and every time we drive like
more than 30 minutes we try and like
listen to podcast or listen to
audiobooks and right now we're listening
to be it's a book called primal branding
and I'm learning a lot about this book
and I love books where you can like
learn and get your gears turn in your
brains and everything like that make you
think a little bit differently outside
of the box we're listening through
audible.com and I love that place
because there's so many books you've got
like a hundred and eighty thousand
different books so you can have a book
about anything and if you go to
audible.com slash Ellie and Jared you
can actually get a free book to listen
to for this month so if you guys want to
it and if you're interested you can
click the link that I have listed here
or click the link in the description
audible.com slash Ellie and Jared and
get a free book this month I think ever
since Jared read the book
his old work who moved my cheese he has
been so into stuff like that
oh yeah like just like reading and
motivational happy uplifting positive
books and then just expanding your
knowledge I really think that the more
we've learned the better we are I saw
funny I just yelled at you I said try
don't worry about it I just an elevated
please no and we're trying to grab
napkins because you the dream was like
get hold on to the rail and just drive
jerry reed bed drinking we've been
drinking and they're sparkling ice it's
just like flavored water they march
they're so good and i charge like my
drop so dry we open this up so i just
tried to open it and it's like look it
was it was going everywhere and then
Jared's like he grabs Americans was like
super no like I was like blood spill
lettuce bacon cream it hate spill you
know I can't clean it up I can't hit a
spear lettuce P
don't turn the car so smelly no
seriously I was like Jared just trying
to like let it I won't seen it on it
like I am the copilot here you have Ken
or I can guys and coke melt I can
control this you just control this I
will control this movie for you got it
got it good
boom this is something that we have to
document especially for our personal
family mom and dad are upgrading you are
totally getting an upgrade does trying
to take a picture sell look I make sure
there's good lighting by me quite
Sookie's maybe for the ships photo
decathlon for next year here we go so
mom and dad have had these phones for
the past several years and mom has the
taped phone because we have tried to
have that fun laughter for as long as we
can so I think this is Julie's old phone
even yes and so Jared this is Jared's
old phone this is my old phone Jared's
gonna take them in and make sure they
get some tempered glass on there but
they're giddy this is a new glass um how
many upgrades have you guys given to
your kids
well Bonnie's yes RAF yeah she's got no
I think Joel got one upgrade great so
actually you've been giving away your
upgrades for years and then they give us
our form yeah that's how Jarrod's
parents are to you never nothing till
even we are on our own plan now but up
when we were in college and stuff we're
on your family's plan and your mom
always gave you kind and she's just like
I don't I don't need it I don't want it
you had my hair and I just mom you're
just the sweetest person and so you guys
are the sweetest I know thanks for all
the upgrades over the years but this
this is a fun picture snap back that's a
good picture so well now we I can join
the family and send up at one text
everybody instead of going down
scrolling down
everybody's name which I there's
probably a way to do something better
than I've done but know every time we
have a group if we have a lot of group
text but it's usually just us siblings
mom and dad are usually we have to
remember to send it today so yeah this
is what I'm always getting yes Oh fail
display message so it won't work because
uh you look and this is dad you see him
squinting at his phone
do you see him he's like on my feet he's
like squinting cuz I scream yeah you
love that I think we almost got mom in
tears vocals I could keep my old number
right and everyone's like no she's like
well you almost second-guess you almost
didn't take her country I had that phone
number for a lie forever you're even
leaven doing
it's not gone do you want some more well
no what no more yeah
I cannot believe Jax and just in a good
context no more Jackson ate a really
good dinner man made up this awesome
stew and Jackson ate a huge bowl of it
and then earlier Jackson said instead of
water he said drink of water drink of
water drink of water Jackie is talking
so much not some more no wow her mom is
so excited show us your phone Molly is
my first very own phone
Ashley iPhone I mean I've had a little
flip phone but really no shows the case
do you like the case I love it oh say
hello yeah how fun dad's too busy he's
getting has gone this is no no I mean
I'm gonna get up-to-date with things yes
you're already further goodies for us
yeah hi thank you Oh Jackson say hello
hi hi grandpa
so we made a stop at Beau and Emily's
house and we're wishing beau a good luck
recovery of his surgery and remind me if
I'm wrong or correct me if I'm wrong
boat but you tore your meniscus when you
were skiing with us last year yeah yeah
I was so it's our Fox right not yet
I took a barrel roll or something
awesome he's like okay yeah I can do
that and then it was both your knees oh
yeah yeah
his legs went boom instead of any other
direction and were you wearing the
helmet with the stick at the time or no
no no otherwise but there would be some
good but you would have known about it
by now if we have video yeah but yeah
you tore your meniscus yeah the so the
repair was the meniscus repair remember
with ACL nm but yeah the the MRI results
were you know a complete tear of em see
a complete tear of ACL complete oh my
gosh
Oh miss cos but after the doctor looked
I said you know it's I'm gonna treat the
injury not the MRI results and I think
the stabilities there that you only need
the meniscus repair Wow well yeah Bo got
surgery and Bo is more on like the
amount quiet reserved side and like I'm
sitting here and I feel kind of
emotional because like I can tell that
you're just like I mean you had surgery
and they put you under anesthesia and
like you're just it's different like
surgeries crazy so I feel kind of bad
cuz both you know you're a trooper but
you're here looking at your poor knee I
brought them cookies and mom made them
some soup so we're wishing a little good
luck but we're gonna have them watch the
motivational toddler video again because
gotta we've got to get him going we've
gotta get back into shape so motivation
yeah we need to give you some motivation
so we're gonna go ahead we're like all
gathered around and we're gonna watch a
little motivation thank you grandma and
grandpa for watching Jackson while we
visit Bo and Emily you guys are awesome
but I mom just told me a story so I want
to let's go look downstairs real quick
Jackson totally fell asleep on the couch
so mom and dad are figuring out their
phones they're facetiming each other
right now oh my gosh sorry Ellie I
didn't realize you're breastfeeding like
hey guys need to hang out you push the
button the red and hang out button it's
almost 1:00 in the morning
yeah we just go against the bed and we
have to wake up early cuz we're gonna go
look at somewhere else tomorrow thank
you so much for watching the video we
will see you tomorrow
by travelpod member
