Jackson huh I see chocolate on your face
I see chocolate on your face did you
snatch my cookie I went upstairs to get
Calvin and he woke up and he snatched my
cookie and our battery is flashing
we got back from church and I was
thinking about Missy's cookies and so I
made son and I
the ovens cooled off and I let them sit
in the oven because I don't want Jackson
to ask for no but seriously they are so
yummy Jared wants a cookie I get one but
that just trying to make this kid laugh
does it feel good to be home oh it feels
so good to be with you guys is Kelvin
look bigger his he's like he's just a
little older you know that's crazy
I was Kyle tell me did you happy happy
oh he's a good boy he's so good I'm glad
to be home but I had so much fun it was
so good I didn't quite understand what
the whole photo decathlon was because
usually Jared kind of like if there's a
project or something that he's working
on better a charcoal Jackson and yep
he's my Tim by the oven it's cooled off
but I didn't quite know what the photos
he kept on was about and so once Jared
got home last night we are talking he
was showing me some of the photos he
took are you gonna post some of the
photos in the vlog today I'll post some
in the vlog and I known Instagram it
looks beautiful
make sure you're following me on
Instagram it's just my name's Jeremy
component right now so you can see some
little sweet pictures
seriously though you need to tell the
work I couldn't believe how much went
into the photo to Calphalon nose and
thumbs up for Jarvey like Jarvey cookies
all together yes I'll let you talk I
could go get an incentive so the photo
decathlon was an amazing event it was so
much fun I'm so glad I was able to do it
what it is it's basically like
photography Meets The Amazing Race you
travel to all of these locations around
Utah well within like 50 miles of Salt
Lake City so like these places that I've
never been before but are just like
awesome places to take your family to
take your friends and take
some of the most beautiful places the
best hills that the leaves and
everything and the lakes like it's
amazing the scenery that you can see so
what you do is you have ten categories
landscape water scape street photography
architecture for to journalism night
photography product photography you have
all of these different categories and
you have to take you have to submit
three pictures in each category and you
have 48 hours to do these things and
first you're just like this isn't gonna
be that big of a deal you know I can
easily do three pictures in each
category that's only 30 pictures but
it's a lot harder than you think because
you have to be in these certain areas so
it's like you have to plan you have to
be strategic and you have a team so you
go all together and you basically pick
the best pictures out of all the ones
that you taking edit them and you throw
them up on the website it's crazy I I
was doing comic-con at the same time and
I was I was booking it man I was booking
it and there were there are lots of
people who were staying up like three
four five pulling all-nighters you know
like crazy crazy stuff to get these
pictures and it was I mean I will I was
working with some of the most talented
photographers in all of Utah like not
just Jarvey like he's amazing but some
of these people are like awesome and we
were we were being interviewed by ABC
that's like the crazy thing is like ABC
and Jarvey are like best friends and I
was so surprised and it was so cool to
see that ABC for Utah you know and this
is just the beginning of this event like
this is like a test run this this
weekend was so much fun but next year
when they do it like for real it's gonna
be huge pictures like you took I cannot
believe it like it you learned a lot it
was fun glad that you went and you
weren't even going to participate in the
actual part humor if you help with other
things and then last minute and you
decided to do that right you did I'm
glad I did too one because there's all
these places in Utah I want to take you
that we've never been before oh and I
was able to take some pretty cool
pictures I definitely have a long way to
go when it comes to photography and
everything and learning about this kind
of stuff but
that's kind of why we did the intro
division is because we had we want to
learn some more and trv taught some
awesome classes it would make a really
fun blog exactly oh yeah I so like that
Lake and like oh my gosh there were tons
of people just going up there for walks
yeah yeah it was it was way fun so thank
you jarv for putting this on thank you
for letting me be a part of it Thank You
Ellie for letting me go away for a few
days to do that I had friend I had so
much fun with my friend Mike and ade and
milla for those of you guys who don't
know Mike and Ashley are good friends of
mine Mike and I used to work together
and we're working on a fun project
together Mila and nabe or Mila and Abe
is like the American pronunciation of it
they're friends from Finland who just
moved to the United States all of Mila
and Abe's vlogs are like and finish yeah
that's one about yeah so and I watched
one and the scenery is right yeah
Finland is like who is just green and
blue just trees and water it's so
beautiful but yeah it was so much fun I
rented a car it's super cheap to rent a
car here in Logan I left it I rented a
car drove down to Salt Lake and spent
some time there it was it was great and
this do you know what else does made me
think Ellie it'd be really nice to have
to it would be so nice but yeah that's
that's like the gist of the photo
decathlon amazing race meets photography
ten categories three pictures each and
all of these different categories and
made made the best photographer win or
the best team anyway
so that's what we did this weekend Ellie
what's on the agenda this week I'm doing
more relaxing we're gonna be home right
right won't anything crazy but Tom I
mean like what you said as far as like
relaxing like it's not just relaxing
what you mean is like getting your not
gonna stress so much about oh I told
Jared he was like he got home he was
like Ellie how are you feeling are you
doing okay was Colin good and I just
said I just stopped like I don't stress
a ton with him because it's just like
whatever like if he eats you know he
eats I was
on demand but I just I just gotta stop
stressing about everything like sleep
eating it's like if he's tired I'll
sleep whatever and I am I enjoy my
weekend so much
I think Elly's kind of a worrywart and I
mean it like you know you worry about
things I do and you let it affect you
physically and emotionally and I think
sometimes if you you know like and you
came to that discovery of yourself if
you just kind of yeah if you don't let
it go let it go let it go don't hold up
baby and me more I'm not I'm just
kidding I'm gonna hold onto this guy
forever but yeah I just think you know
not stressing so much about things that
you can't control you know that's true I
think that is a part of not babies but
everything in life yeah yep then there's
the message for you today ladies and
gentlemen don't wrestle with things that
you can't control
this kid is four months old and look how
big he is I just filmed a little four
month update with them when is that
gonna go up Tuesday Tuesday that's mr.
moral for these girls Tuesday ash
tomorrow for you guys tomorrow
Oh Ellie you know what we did today no
that's not it
where's my phone I literally just had it
Jackson did you take it he's laughing
and he's actually eating chicken I swear
I just had my phone where did it go oh
my goodness what in the world
oh there this well I almost had a little
mini heart attack so I just got my my
phone Ellie just got her phone we got
those set up today and yeah it was it
came in the mail on Friday we weren't
home came in the mail on Saturday Ellie
was home got the phones No oh yeah
that's right the door using our door
though our doorbell and
like um I'm upstairs I can't come to the
door just I was pretending with me in
the bathroom I should have just said I'm
not home by 1:00 so the guy goes the guy
goes Kalon are responsible something
happens to it because I'm not supposed
to do that injured like it's okay
put it under the grill so they put it
under the girl injured like Noriko i'ma
get it so I came home I got it I so I
waited Friday and Saturday and I didn't
want to wait till Monday so I was just
like can't you just go just go home and
get it real quick but yeah I have the
guy I answered the door using our
doorbell video doorbell and I had him we
were strategic about where we put it so
we could hide it but is that it's not
lame that I didn't want to wait till
Monday I'm signing in Saturday we we got
our phone and so I'm excited it's
interesting I got the the 6s plus is
what I did and yeah I with my old job I
actually had used to have one of the
really big phones I had the g3 for a
little bit and then I had the note 3 and
those are some of the bigger phones I
was like you know what why not let's
just try it out see how I like it
so far so good it's been good but I'll
give one piece of advice if you were not
a developer do not install the public
beta it's just a pain when you're
upgrading to a new phone or because if
you if you're on the newer software but
you want to get a you want to you know
put it on your new phone your new phone
doesn't have the new software because
it's in beta so it just makes it's a big
it's a big headache Kelly I think that's
a great idea
Jackson is outside in his diaper talking
to the neighbors what it could I'm so
apparently tonight there's gonna be a
lunar eclipse a super moon so I think I
might want to take the camera out
tonight and try and snap some pictures
of it because it'll be right over the
mountains it'll look
cool but in the meantime I think we're
gonna go on a family walk and just enjoy
the scenery enjoy the beautiful sunset
that is going to be happening soon kind
of Utah has some really great sunsets
look at those clouds
don't you think I think it's beautiful
too you know what else I think is
beautiful me you I think you're
beautiful hey hey buddy yeah give us a
smile you little talk and mr. happy okay
Jackson you got your rocks are you
coming inside yeah so funny well guys I
think that's gonna be it from us today
we hope you guys have a wonderful week
today's Monday for you guys make it
awesome yeah yeah say Jackson yeah it's
starting the week can you say yeah
thanks for watching guys we'll see you
guys next time
bye look at those lips
