good morning everyone it's another
beautiful day to take pictures and
that's exactly what we're going to do
Mike is in front of me and we are
driving to Salt Lake City Utah Rock now
and we're gonna go to another Jarvey
class we're gonna we're gonna go to
another Jarvie class and we're gonna
learn things about architecture street
photography photojournalism
and shooting products and stuff like
that so that's what we're doing we're
driving to Salt Lake City Utah let's go
make rice come be a great day tonight
boys
Wow good morning guys we're what Mount
Bonnie's house s poor kid Jackson wakes
up extra early cuz I excited to stay the
night here and yeah he's driving the
kids crazy the kids are trying to yeah
that's so loud ah
and Olivia goes does Jackson know how to
be quiet and I said I don't think so he
doesn't really know how to be quiet huh
nope but Calvin did awesome last night
Boston knows he does nothing can I bake
he's bigger he's one two yeah two year
olds listen better yeah he awesome very
well huh drop me come show you something
bonk so we're here in downtown Salt Lake
City we've been taking pictures like
crazy and we've got some of the temple
in the background wait where is the
temple come on temple get in there we've
been taking some pictures of the temple
and taking some like street photography
I think what we'll do now is we're
making our way over to comic-con and I
want to see if I can get some my cosplay
pictures taking a code is fast asleep
Oh Jackson almost welcome nah but
luckily he stayed asleep
Watson yeah yeah hey Jackson do this
Jackson say Shh I thought I think he's
asleep
Jackson's telling Cody to be quiet but I
think Jackson doesn't know that he's the
lab he's just waiting for Cody to wake
up you just wants to play Jackson
Jackson say
I feel so bad because we're going to the
car to get t-shirts and I know there's
at least three cars following that right
now see if they'll take my parking spot
but we're just going to open the trunk I
feel so bad I really do all of these
guys behind me are like oh shoot we hope
this feel good we're just here to get
the t-shirts oh no sorry
sorry man he's not him thanks for
sharing your car with him he likes it do
you like it
get this he loves it save it from
Jackson he loves you he's like you're
squishing me here we are yet again at
the YouTube booth we've got the banner
set up we've got our merchandise out and
I want to show you something that I'm
doing a little bit different today so
instead of taking pictures right now I
have a time-lapse going of just what's
going on over there and hopefully we get
some good footage as far as like you can
kind of get a guess up how many people
so I hope this turns out I hope my
battery doesn't die and I call it the
inevitable I got back
this morning it because then a really
fun morning because we have just stayed
in our jammies is that why we're happy
because we haven't we don't have any
plans we've just been like playing we've
literally been like on the floor playing
yeah just in letting the kids wrong
doing our thing Jax I got into Bonnie's
cabinet and got the sprinkles out and
we're shaking them there are white dot
sprinkles all over her floor every we're
gonna have to have a little cleanup
later but it has been really fun I'm
actually going to give away some of
these t-shirts but I want to focus on
Instagram
I needed to like take a picture some
people know
hey Mike would you mind helping me take
a quick picture I'm going to lay on the
table I'm not going to lay on the table
something
that good that good promotion right
there looking hot Jared you guys know
that I am a sweet person I love me some
Oreos I love chocolate but I have to
show you this chocolate face Jackson can
you show me something this is Jackson's
chocolate face but no that is not
chocolate it is dirt he has been out
here sucking on rocks I've had to come
out here three times get the rock out of
his mouth and say do not eat the rocks
I guess the dirt oh my gosh whatever
are you guys having fun in the sandbox
Oh
are you um fun yeah you're not cause
it's kind of cold no cuz the spider oh
you I do see it I see it right there it
is right we just pulled up to the studio
this is wait I was I'm 20 minutes late
because I just got back from comic-con
I'm so sorry
a lot of people were at comic-con and I
wanted to say hello so we said well the
during fan oh well well honestly what it
was there's a lot of people since other
people to say hello I feel like out of
state and everybody I thought was really
really cool so we're here at the studio
we have we have a model that we're
taking picture in them when you had an
actual model someone who is here Andy
come on over come on over Mandy say
hello Manny is the model today and we're
going to take pictures and see if we can
you know make something work I'm excited
I've never I've never shot a model
before - studio yeah and it's a
professional studio so we're gonna do
some indoors some outdoors get some
great pictures oh how I love fall it is
not hot it is not cold it is perfect to
go to the park my house is clean Afra
when Jared gets home for tea I clipped
40 finger nail toenails so the kids all
they have to do tonight is have a bath
and they'll be good to go for tomorrow
to go to church Calvin he is so happy
Jackson are you happy are you happy
we're gonna go to the park and it feels
amazing outside do you guys wanna know a
secret let's not stick around I work so
I'm going to tell you I haven't brushed
my teeth today
have a wash my face today
I do not have to ever on and it feels
amazing it feels really good to have
days that you just don't get ready I
have played with the kids today so hard
has been so fun but we are going to go
over there to the park we're going to
have some fun more fun today's already
been fun but we missed dad Jackson was
uh sitting in his office door dad dad he
was like wanting dad the moment of truth
has arrived and I am going to be the
model is that right you want me to model
oh my gosh
so the fatah it's coming from the
photographers now I'm not making this up
they want me to model so like this Hey
model all right you're tired
okay ready blue steel all right right
ready
my god well hey I stole his camera oh
he's watching I'm vlogging Hey look at
me I'm a blogger
actually I do bug real good guys guys so
Jarvie how many hours you sleep after
you've received I've done all right
all the teams competing though yeah I
like the advanced teams especially
they're consistently saying that they've
done like one or two hours over the last
two days now they really take naps in
their cars and I'm like well I don't get
to play anymore so I'm just gonna sleep
so I slept like five hours you had a
good night's sleep
FFT got three hours last night but I
think all of our pictures I think I made
me want one more but except for that one
I think all of our pictures are taken so
the alternative taken I think why I
don't know the common question we'll
find out when we're uploading yeah the
competition is essentially half way Oh
right half the competition right you've
got like it's almost over I mean as far
as things that I need to do like I'm
about halfway oh yeah yeah you better go
a few hours they have edit yeah
so I upload edit upload and make sure we
hit all our faces there get the bases
all the bases are belong to him all your
base are belong to me Abe why don't you
say something in finished I can finish
for so people can understand and hear
what it's like no matter what awesome
okay photo shoot - gala pilot so I got
that but I'm gonna get a summary of X -
I think I'm Alana Tyler magical tea or
coffee North Salt Lake yah yah red
laughter - Divya rest better hello you
lava metal Tajima get by
gated ankle monitor option down
August
how are you guys oh god Phil is ready
first last baby I'm booty
stopping your legs up kid why me look
good oh yeah hi buddy
I do miss me say hi Daddy
it was so nice to help Jarrod home but
he has to go through all of the folks he
has taken for the decathlon and is due
by midnight so I go I've got two hours
to go through these pictures and yes let
me show you one because by this okay by
the time this is a lot did you take that
I took this picture well it's a Taurus
fashion so I took three pictures but I
need to either like the color so that's
what I'm going to be doing is I'm going
to be editing some photo next to ours
okay you do that
I just fed Calvin fares are speeding I
missed him so funny it's not a bad I
miss you do I love you okay give me kiss
thanks for watching bye time's up
subscribe bye
