good morning guys today is very exciting
day I woke up feeling so energized and
excited big thanks to Mike and Ashley
for letting me stay at their place over
the weekend while we do all of these
crazy things I just have to show you how
awesome these guys are I woke up this
morning got the video uploaders like I
want to get some cereal and everything
oh my gosh they have my favorite cereal
waiting for me and then I opened the
fridge I'm just like okay let's see
what's going on the fridge they had they
poured a thing of milk and sealed it and
put milk on it and everything like that
just for me and everything and I was
just like you guys like you're making me
feel so home thank you so much I've got
like this whole basement apartment to
myself Mike and Ashley thank you very
much I'm excited to do the photo
decathlon with you guys and I have some
friends who just moved from Finland
we're gonna be on the team with us too
very exciting it's an exciting day
you
tell Ray Terminator Vanita cool I am
with my Finnish friends they just moved
here from Finland
say hello to Mila and all day um and we
are starting the photo decathlon right
now we're driving through Timpanogos
Canyon and we're about to go take some
sweet pictures I'm so excited are you
guys excited yeah what is it that they
go east don't know what are you my son
you know Sunday what are you saying son
oh I used to wash my finish is so bad
just so you guys know so I apologize for
anything I'm about to say that is
offensive to your people and your
culture and everything so we're here at
our first location up Timpanogos and
everything but apparently the colors on
the leaves are not what they're normally
doing there they're kind of like there's
some black in the leaves if you look
over at this tree right here
you see like green and black and maybe
just a hint of yellow but it's normally
you get a lot of those fall colors but
they're not doing it this year except
you know way up there I guess just lack
of moisture is what it is but so we're
gonna see what kind of pictures we can
get out of here and hopefully some good
stuff for the competition well yeah I
was just gonna say I have my not not a
battle wound I wish this was like on my
skin but these stickers are all over me
that's what my dog would come home with
all over his tail they do come off yeah
he just got to pick them off they're
called travelers they want to picnic I
would say they're like what it
hitchhikers Oh hitchhikers yeah
hitchhiker I knew something bleep
somebody right because they have hop on
wherever you go and want to follow you
for the ride in your house all over your
camp they come home and they're like
covered like all in their pants oh my
gosh it's everywhere
I know right here you go Ellie you're
welcome
all right we just made it into Comic Con
and look at this this is in freakin sane
how many people would you say are here
right now right now probably about
30,000 people 30,000 and how many are
you expecting tomorrow more that's so
crazy this is so huge it is packed you
cannot even like wow this is exciting so
many costumes everyone right now from
what you've seen behind me and in front
of me what costumes you all see what do
you guys say much your favorite let me
know CVX live actually brought our
banner because we like to have what are
we going to do it's just so naked right
over here but they brought our banner
and we're just waiting on some clothes
I've got some merch here we're giving
away and yeah we're at the YouTube booth
this is there's so many people it's
crazy I'm very
grexit so tell me so who are you
supposed to be que pase from cave a
steno no who are you who you just as I
am Iron Man
NK Tony Stark Tony Stark okay oh and
Jaime who are you sir I can't recognize
the sideburns and everything like what
what's going on who are you supposed to
be they flow can bump beep call me
Wolverine they're freaking like how
many voices can you do I don't know
okay dear Oliver well Robin Williams
it's always fun to do especially when
you're a mutant that is so great you you
are so good you are so good
Emily and talent we were talking earlier
today love do love the Keyblade any fans
of Kingdom Hearts yeah I know you're out
there we were talking and we got them
some shirts and everything and they're
like cheer there's a jig up a pearl or
open up a pearl thing for Ellie you
should go get her when I was like in my
hand that's a great idea that so awesome
I'm going to do that as soon as I'm done
with the booth these guys were too kind
and they got Ellie Ellie they got you a
pearl do you see this right here this is
just for you that's so thank you guys so
much it's so kind of you you're so
awesome
we actually met these guys at the
fertility 5k just come
you were at work though you were being a
responsible human being and you know
providing yeah right yeah ah now you're
away oh hi blue eyes say it again
Jackson's trying to say cuz that's what
the book says say ich dich i wanted to
share with you guys something today
this is Jared's office this is where
Jared sits and works every single day
and often times when Jared and I vlog we
will say germs in the office all day
Jared's been working all day or I'll say
Jackson sat on the floor and was yelling
for dad to be done with work all day and
sometimes we don't say what Jared's
working on and sometimes I feel bad
because it's like Jared's working on a
project and then we can't really tell
you because it's a project he's working
on Jared is doing the photo decathlon
and that is one of the many projects
that we were talking about when in the
past we said oh Jared so I'm working all
day you know of course you guys know
Jared doesn't just do a daily video and
upload it you know he's in the office a
few hours doing that every day but a lot
of his time is these fun adventure
projects that he's invited to maybe
companies that he's working with and the
photo decathlon is one of those projects
that him that has taken Jared into his
office for many hours during the day he
has had hours of phone calls with Jarvey
he's had emails planning things out and
that is one of the many things that
Jared does when he's in his office and I
just I just want to tell Jared and I
want to verbally announce to whoever is
watching that I appreciate Jared the day
I married Jared I didn't realize I loved
loved him of course I loved him of
course I was attracted to him I came
from a good family he was a good man he
treated her he makes cute kids and but
the longer I've been married to him and
the longer the more we have maybe
arguments maybe the more we work harder
together the more we have kids
the harder I fall in love with him I'm
very proud of Jared he has found
something that he's good at that he
loves when he was drunk physical therapy
school my mom's like call you are so
techie like that's right up your alley
you're so cuz Jared he's always been
taking that was his previous job and
this it's YouTube is one techie but two
totally up his alley he I am proud of
Jared he has found something that he
loves that he's good at and then bonus
he's found something that he can support
his family with I'm very proud of Jared
I love him to pieces
look at the cute kids that he makes and
I'm proud to be his wife and I'm proud
oh look oh okay alright um I'm proud to
be his wife I'm proud to support him I I
just I have so many feelings and
appreciation towards Jared he of course
you know my parents had taught me to be
a nice person but Jared has truly taught
me how to be how to truly like love
someone like just by example jared is
the best example and I really appreciate
him I love him so kiddos can you say hi
to Daddy don't need a binky say hi dad
yeah I love you I hope you have a good
day Jarrett at the photos Calphalon
we're proud of you we love you and from
from my house to your guys we'll see you
tomorrow but you'll see plenty of jelly
bye alright so I ran into a little bit
of a pickle
I forgot the vlogging camera in the car
and so I'm using the DSLR right now just
to vlog but we have been learning a lot
of stuff from Jarvey and it's been a lot
of fun and check out this awesome
scenery we've been working with just
this waterscape it's amazing like look
at this isn't that awesome so we've got
to take a couple more a couple more
pictures and then we're going to head
back and there's another class later
tonight for my photographer that moves
behind you
is there a moose over there still oh man
there was a moose just uh just over this
way but I think we missed it but
okay so should we take a couple more
pictures I think so let's do it
here we are taking pictures and what do
you guys think so far is this fun are
you doing a panoramic this beauty okay
so I think we're all wrapped up here
there's actually another class like at 9
o'clock somewhere else for some night
photography that I think we're gonna
head to I'm definitely gonna bring the
blogging camera with me so don't you
worry we're not gonna have any of this
crazy DSLR stuff there you guys are
okay I feel it I feel better now that I
have you in my hands okay we've got to
go we've got to take some more pictures
in the night time we're gonna do it in
the night time yeah that's what she said
I may have discovered something that's
amazing but I want to get your opinion
in your advice real quick hey my opinon
advice yours and yours and yours so I am
not drinking soda pop for a year
hey I did that too yeah but you did like
500 days or something like that yeah I
still go on the road while on the road
that's impossible no I drink specialty
sodas now like if they have their own
root beer uh-huh for like just fun sodas
but I don't do any of the other stuff so
Dr Pepper is my favorite drink in the
entire world I love Dr Pepper night my
birthday was the last time I had dr.
pepper in April I went inside to the
7-eleven and they have Dr Pepper
slushies is that cheating if I get dr.
pepper slushies yeah
yeah yes no I think it yeah we're out
here and we're just at the top of the
hill taking some pictures I'm working
with some like long exposure shots right
now so I've got the camera set up and
I'm just waiting for a car to go by so I
can hopefully get some lights from the
car and then some stars over there is
well that's what I'm hoping for I'm
crossing my fingers so I think I hear a
car coming so let's get the shot ready
let's take a look see hey not too bad I
think that looks pretty good I like that
very much
Jared without done yourself so we
finally made it back and I'm going
through a lot of the pictures that we
took today and I'm actually pretty
impressed with some of them there's
definitely some that needs some touching
up and everything I'm actually watching
a video tutorial on lynda.com and that's
because Jarvie suggested lightroom and
I've never used Lightroom before I've
used Photoshop a lot but I'm still
trying to figure out this stuff so I'm
watching this tutorial and I see to me
how to fix a low resolution noisy photo
there's some noise in this picture that
I'm working on right now but yeah I'm
watching this video and it's kind of
going through some of the things that I
need to learn how to do lynda.com is a
very very cool website with over 3000
tutorial video courses that you can
learn from anything like creative
whether it's photography video web
development animation there's tons of
things that you can learn and if you
guys are interested and you want a free
trial you can go to lynda.com slash
Ellie and Jared and get a free 10-day
trial and basically learn how to do a
lot of these awesome things it's a sweet
way to learn from professionals about
something that you're interested in
about so I am thankful that I have
someone to teach me how to use Lightroom
and fix my pictures so I can submit them
for the contest I'm very excited so to
get your free 10-day trial you can go to
lynda.com slash Ellie and Jared or just
click the link down below in the
description box and there you have it
what do you think of this picture right
here I like it very much you can see a
bunch of specs over there that's for my
computer not from the picture but you
probably wouldn't believe it that
picture was taken right at
night it looks a lot brighter than that
but I did a long exposure so I think it
looks pretty cool this is definitely one
that I'm going to think about submitting
for the competition
very very cool I'm very very excited
about that one oh my goodness guys today
was an awesome day thank you guys so
much for watching I am so excited for
day two of comic-con and day two of the
photo decathlon it's been a busy weekend
but I'm very excited if you guys aren't
at Comic Con I will be there from 1:00
until 3:00 o'clock at the YouTube booth
it's in like the 3100 section of
comic-con comic-con is freaking huge by
the way I could not believe it but thank
you guys so much for watching be sure to
give the video a big thumbs up and we'll
see you guys tomorrow bye
member
