I think it's safe to say that Jackson
loves his magnet board you like that
yeah he comes in in the mornings and he
puts it all - good job and then Kelvin
we gotta go get Calvin ready jared is
just getting the video up ready to go
I've got myself right unusual numbers
you don't lose ever you are so cute I
gotta get these boys ready cuz covergirl
for my checkup today I cannot believe it
oh there's a mommy cat come on baby
kittens there's one more over there go
follow your mommy know where to mama go
she went in the woods oh there's a few
oh there's a few more kittens they need
to go get their mommy
Go Go Go Kids Reagan oh how cute is that
their mommy went in the field go go Oh
sweetie I love that look at your mama
okay I've got the car packed up I've got
the keys in hand I am going on a very
long drive
unfortunately Ellie well not
unfortunately Ellie and the kids aren't
the doctors right now
I don't get to say goodbye because I
have to leave right now to me to me I
had to leave right now to get to it to
get to a meeting on time they're not
back yet so I've got to go darn it Haley
I love you so much and I will see you in
a couple days okay let's go should we
say how long do I 20 were little more 23
my leg work
good job hi yes likes you sheets on your
cold skin take everything showing on
hood well would you just look at it
would you just look at those colors oh
my gosh fall is among us the colors are
changing already my goodness where does
the time go
it changes so fast you know actually
yesterday we were talking about that
with Ellie and my dad just time just
goes by so fast and my dad said well the
older you get the faster it goes I'm
like crap we're living in the next
financial time zone as you get older
time goes faster and soon before you
know it you're going to be 80 years old
and you're gonna have grandkids and
great-grandchildren that actually sounds
like pretty a lot of fun
I don't think I would mind that too much
oh man but I I sure love fall fall is
probably one of my favorite seasons you
know I take that back I like all the
seasons for different reasons
that's a rhyme but I do like fall a lot
I love the colors and it's so cool that
this weekend is the weekend that we're
doing the photography competition
because all of these colors are so
vibrant and so beautiful and I can't
wait let me switch it to pounds there
you go 13 pounds nice I finished the
drive I'm hanging out with my buddy Mike
say hello Mike
again we're about to go into a meeting
here in a little bit at the BYU
broadcasting building so nothing to do
with BYU broadcasting but this is where
the meeting is
Jackson is down for a snap check mark
calvin is down for a nap check mark
thank goodness I think he's just
exhausted he went to the chiropractor
and he had his four month checkup he is
doing great I forgot to ask the doctor
what he thought about his weight I know
it's awesome he weighs almost 14 pounds
he's like 13.9 or something I could not
believe that and that's all on my own
I'm like so proud of myself but um I so
badly want to lay down I like out of
breath I so badly want to lay down but
my back really hurts
um breast feeding and caring Calvin and
the carrier or whatever my upper back
throbs and I wouldn't be able to take a
nap anyway but I want to lie down with
Calvin so instead what I'm going to do
is make my night a little bit easier so
while the kids are napping I'm going to
make a Tater Tot Casserole I'm so
excited so let's all make it now so that
way I can enjoy my night when the kids
go to bed
you can't come to this part of town
without going to day dogs so I'm about
to get my fill of J dogs it's gonna be
so good I have
in such a long time I'm so excited you
got to be kidding me this is the easiest
recipe I have ever done you just get
your ground beef or ground turkey and
onion going and then you have a
tablespoon of sugar and a tablespoon of
cornstarch and they say or a teaspoon
and then they say to do chili powder but
I don't like things hot and Jackson's
not get you defense if it's hot so I
just - just a little less bit in and
then peas and then they say if you want
to think you can add a cream of chicken
and then you put it in your dish and
then you top it with cheese and then
tater tots it's a good Tater Tot
Casserole
I figured Jackson would like it and I
just want to try some new things anyway
so that was really easy and I cannot
wait to eat it
mmm good this is what it looks like and
guess what I get to eat before the kids
wake up which means I actually get to
sit and enjoy my lunch boy what do you
know I I was logging about J dogs and
Miranda here watches the video that's
awesome thank you so much so why should
people come to J dogs
best songs ever you know that's right so
what's your favorite the Bo the B I'm
all about the Polish really polish for a
little while okay cool Jackson I want
you to show them what you just did to
Calvin what did you just do wanna watch
a show Kim here can you give Calvin a
high five can you give him a high five
high do it again give him give him my
vibe he's on your blanket okay Jackson
can you give him a high five give him
another one that was so funny he went
out to Calvin it was like you can see
his thought process he grabbed his hand
and give him a high five that was so
cute comic-con is in full force here in
Salt Lake and I could not be more
excited I think it's so cool to see all
the cosplayers and everyone dressed up
and everything I've thrown to the Apple
store real quick to get ready for
tomorrow because I'm not going to be
here
the rest of the weekend and the New
Year's Apple store to our house is like
two hours away so go in here while down
in Salt Lake to get some stuff for our
new phones and for mom and dad and maybe
we'll sneak around a little bit see if
we can find anyone from
I don't think he wants it
ah and I don't think you need it okay
you kiddos I think we are you my cameras
all wet how does that happen I'm hanging
out with Jarvey who is very anxiously
getting stuff set up for this press
conference that we're about to throw
down I'm very excited
we're here at picture line at Salt Lake
and I'm getting excited is this is cool
for the public it's got oil yeah it's
gonna fight yeah I need to put a shirt
on them oh look at that look at that
logo right there hey guys I think we're
gonna go ahead and say goodbye on our
end over here and Jared we already miss
you we love you say goodbye to Daddy sit
bye dad love you and see you guys
tomorrow bye
okay we just wrapped up this awesome
press event for the photo decathlon jarv
how do you feel man I feel like your
speech was awesome like all the speeches
were so great it was so good and I'm
glad we filmed it well thank you for
having me thank you for letting me about
part of it I need this this is this a
night everyone's gone home yeah we have
like you know how many people you think
we're here 60 80 yeah it was great a lot
of the teams we had some amazing
speakers we had the ABC we had a travel
company without you
yeah yeah you're like beats with hourly
fun like yeah like you brought everyone
together look they have you should come
do this yeah
well and photo decadron is the website
right yeah okay for me to say now yeah
the press conference and everything just
a so if you want to get an idea of why
we're doing this weekend whatever well
here you know what if they feel like
they can still do it cuz this make them
out on Friday this would be out right
Anna London f so you still have time if
you want to jump in and play with Gary
yep whoa whoa I cannot believe I didn't
end the vlog last night I was so tired I
was like at 1:00 in the morning when we
finally finished talking and everything
like that thank you guys so much for
watching the video today thank you guys
so much I'm so excited for this weekend
I cannot wait to see what we do with
Comic Con and the photo decathlon thank
you guys and I'll see you tomorrow bye
