take grandpa Wow say grandma and say
ollie
oh say Gaines say Noah hey Kai say Rory
you say Jedi
what other YouTube being I'm trying to
sit say Daxton
it's a beautiful morning ah guys good
morning how are you doing today
Calvin and I are on a mandate yes we're
on a mandate we're going to the physical
therapist it gets a physical therapy
done you know that's how we do we'd get
some physical therapy done the physical
therapist
alrighty instead of me getting ready I
gotta get my boys ready because if the
boys are ready
that means mom that's happy so I'm going
to cut to Jackson's hair it is very very
long and tough when you definitely need
to get it just nice and short so Jackson
are you ready to get your hair cut yeah
I am excited to see what the physical
therapist has to say about Calvin and
just kind of see the comparison between
the chiropractor and the physical
therapist to see what we need to do to
make sure Calvin is getting his neck and
shoulders where it needs to be so yeah
I'll see if I can film in there if not
I'll give you a little recap when we're
all done you were such a good boy
cutting your hair this is what it turned
out to be like the best I could do for a
little almost two year old you did
pretty good son pretty good let's see it
one more time look at me big geez he
look at me look at me
hey good job mmm so Calvin and I just
got back from the physical therapist and
it was good we learned a lot and it was
nice to see some of the stretches that
they asked us to do
Oh what did you enjoy it did you have
fun at the physical therapist yeah it
was good it's it's not terrible you know
Calvin is not in a really bad situation
they said it'll be pretty quick as long
as we make sure we do the stretches and
everything so I'm excited we'll seeing
them in a couple weeks after they've
four we've made some progress here at
home are you excited are you excited
they said that Calvin is a sensory baby
he's very sensitive to lights and sounds
and that has a big factor in sleeping
and his shoulders and so we're
taking that into consideration too so
that's a little update for you guys as I
promised I would do and now I've got to
go run some errands and I've got to do a
couple conference calls I know it's so
sad but don't worry I'll play with you
as soon as I'm done okay okay okay hey
buddy I missed you oh are you looking at
me sandwich over there
do you want to bite yeah yeah hey I
missed you did you have a good nap no oh
you missed me too is Kelvin sleeping
upstairs what do you do what do you do
when you be quiet yeah can you say Shh
yeah do you see him put his finger up to
his nothing oh hey are we gonna find
today yeah yeah I mean have lots of fun
today oh you wouldn't hate okay let's
get it right give me a kiss I think
house hunting is exciting and scary
because when we went and looked at the
place that we were in now we're just
renting and it's like well you can kind
of get up and move if you really want
even though you can with the house it's
just it's more it's scary it's different
and this is like I think this could take
a month it could take a year it could
take months this is a process that we're
not expecting to be a quick one you know
so we want to take our time and you know
we want to see what else is in I feel
like we don't really venture out that
much we just kind of stay in like the
same kind area so we are going to go on
a lot of drives in the next few months
just looking
yeah yeah open it out yeah scoping out
the neighbors is that weird no that's
not weird we're looking for houses all
right be creepy not at all well I
certainly love this view that is for
sure I love this view
we're here next to cows and it's gonna
make you I'll we're gonna be next cows
goes in so positive cows it's a pretty
area it is a pretty area
it's definitely job we don't have any
water we gotta go get some water we got
to go get some wah wah wah wah
well we were in the neighborhood just
looking around at houses and we actually
found out that grandpa was close by so
we thought we'd come and say hi and and
see everything it looks like grandma's
put up some some really nice flowers and
everything and it's interesting it's
it's gone by so fast here in two or
three weeks he'll have been one year
since Grampa passed away
but I I want to make a point to come
visit him every once in a while and just
you know think about him and remember
him for all the lessons he taught us and
then just all the joy that he brought so
glad were able to live close enough that
we could come and say hello to him every
once in a while scowls okay
can you believe it two or three weeks
grandpa will have been away from us for
a year one full year oh my gosh time
goes by so fast I just it's crazy to
think and it makes me want not want to
take this agree I love you more
appreciative of everything even joy and
I were talking as we've been driving
around looking at different areas it's
like we've been married for six years
we've been renting for six years hasn't
been an issue like it's we've had a lot
of fun memories together we've learned
together yeah you know I'm glad that
we've waited this is a fun time our
lives right now it's exciting this it
really is I just it's fun it is
I feel very adult dish buying a home
little words Elliot Elliot you are so
adult right now this pumpkin looks
surprised hmm one of the pumpkins is
missing
I wonder where that's a scary pumpkin
say eek that Turk you know it's time to
make friendly pumpkins happy pumpkin day
mouse ready okay guys that was such a
fun day you want me to read the book
again okay I'll read the book again
Kayla will take a night first okay
Jackson can you look at them and say bye
bye hey say I love you hmm say mama Emma
say Dada Dada
say teeth say pumpkin say Calvin say
Apple Oh dick say apple the Apple say
 grandpa Wow hey grandma
say Holly oh say Gaines say Noah hey Kai
say Rory you say Jedi
what other youtube even trying to sit
say Daxton no say Daxton say Winston say
Winston oh well I think our next fun
step is getting a real Turkey homes that
are actually built doing can then yeah
this is fine it's part I'm excited I
can't wait it's fun to find a house that
fits you you know that's that's this is
an Ellie and Jared house you know I'm
gonna sign for that okay so thanks for
watching guys this is gonna be an
exciting weekend I hope you're ready for
this weekend it's gonna be exciting
don't worry I won't be too far away
okay see you tomorrow bye say bye bye
