good morning hey you mister goodbye good
morning guys it has been such a nice
morning last night instead of Jared
editing we decided to pop some popcorn
and watch a little show and so right now
he's editing and getting work emails
done calls done that he needs to
seriously you are huge kid you are huge
he's been playing with this little
trough all morning he's been smiling all
morning I cannot believe that this is my
life I love these two kiddos
ah
Dada hey did he run in your office good
morning good morning guys look at me
he's a my turn to be turn around oh
let's see
he likes actually he's been oh come here
Jax
oh I've got both my boobs I've got my
boobs I've got both my boys oh boy oh
boy
both my boys here in like three more
months you can just throw all along
about the same time Jackson went on this
crazy burns I got boys I got both my
boys I've got both my boys hey can you
tickle Calvin oh and this is reality
once dad leaves everybody sad oh my
goodness okay
so I get Calvin said and we gotta get
your hair done let's go see let's go
let's go so apparently we just got a
package in the middle and Ellie what did
we get
oh my god oh my gosh look at all that
Jackson your baby blanket why that was
nice of them to wrap it like that like
that thank you google snide they do that
we open this up Jax that's your blanket
thank you guys for commenting on the
video telling me that it was it Google
oh my god seriously like I did for some
reason I didn't even think to look there
Oh yep it's yours
Peter wash it he's looking at it he's
like Jackson you reunited with your face
guys I did not realize how utterly
sad I was I think I didn't wasn't like
quite sound at first I was like oh he
lost his blanket like we'll get another
I guess but this is his true baby like
it he is drug around in the dirt he
holds on to it he snuggles it like and
it's orange like this is his baby
blanket are you happy to have it yes we
need to wash it for sure but oh my
goodness thank you so much
and they even sent us what look at this
you say mine oh oh my gosh they away
overdid it
ice Google thank you and Stephanie
especially you look bTW this is amazing
that's so she did not need to send us
this this is so sweet I can't wait to
wear this it looks nice easily super
soft but I'm mostly mostly excited to be
reunited with this that's your place oh
my gosh I like it like a like emotional
and emotional look at it look at it look
at it because I couldn't order the same
one they didn't they didn't have this
this is perfect
oh you happy to be back with your
blanket say blanket uh-huh thank you
happy happy day grocery shopping can be
tiring can't it we just need your
blanket Calva sorry Calvin has been such
a trooper and hopefully we don't know
how many kids fur off because look how
full the car is around Calvin I was
going to wear him but he was being
really good so we're just gonna keep
groceries I have a lot of fun recipes
hanging
and especially to treat mommy is going
to make a cute really yummy holiday
treats this week I have no idea how this
is going to be all I think when it comes
to packing up the car and going out to
the car the cour usually have Jared with
me I wasn't really thinking I should
have worn Calvin what was I thinking
we'll see how this goes well that trip
was very interesting I brought a car
ahead of me I got to get signed me
I like maneuvering and vlogging but I
had a really interesting experience I'm
excited to share with you guys sometimes
you have bad experiences and sometimes
you have wonderful experiences when you
are out and about with strangers and
today as I was shopping I had both kids
in the car and it was full and but I was
having fun and Jackson was really cute
and I just thought you know it feels
good to be out just with the boys with
me and as I was grocery shopping there
was a lady that had three kids in a
brand-new born in her swaddle the baby
was new and they I kept passing her as
we were going down the lanes oh I'm like
shaky and then I was checking out and
though my lady was checking all my
groceries out and I said I'm not going
to be able to fit this I need another
car another lady overheard me wet and
grabbed the car so I had another carton
it was so nice of her
and then that lady that I saw that had
that brand-new baby she was like I drove
20 minutes I I don't have it she didn't
have her license but she had a check she
was trying to buy her groceries at the
check that they had to like I guess
verify or something with their license
and I saw her tearing up and she started
taking the groceries out of her car and
I just Here I am crying I saw her taking
her groceries out of her car and tearing
up and she had a brand new baby and one
she probably wasn't feeling well that
baby was new - she had three other kids
in the car she drove 20 minutes and says
she couldn't buy the groceries that she
probably didn't even want to go out and
tell him to buy anyway and um
I heard him grab my wall and I ran over
to our register I was like Jackson he
says like don't you move cuz he kept
trying to move and get out and I ran
over to her thing and I said I said I
would love to buy your groceries and she
just started bawling and she I bought
her groceries and she goes you cannot
buy she was that was a full cart she was
let me get your information let me pay
you and I just like it's not even about
the money it just it was a gesture that
I wanted to do for someone else and um I
would hope that maybe somebody would do
that for me if I was in that situation
you know cuz that really does seem to
drag the kids out there but both of my
kids are starting to cry now but anyway
it was just I wanted to share that
because sometimes I share bad
experiences at the store but today there
was multiple good experiences okay okay
I'll turn the camera off I'll get
driving let's go home sometimes the find
way with Calvin he will do really
awesome in naps today is probably his
best nap who's ever done without me like
next to him or him being in some sort of
a swing or something he is in his crib
taking it out this is the look almost
two hours
I had been getting dinner ready um
because come dinnertime I don't want to
just be doing all the stuffs I'm making
a Keaney recipes so I already got the
cookies which is the most important
thing separated mix ready to go to cook
later I've got some of my things already
measured out that I'm going to be
cooking for dinner some of this is
already measured not that I'm going to
be cooking that way I can just throw
everything together and cook it
Jackson's getting a little afternoon
snack and we ordered something for his
bedroom yeah that's a magnet you put it
on and this is gonna go in his bedroom
is he actually putting him on he's
pulling him off and then putting him
back good nice why some guys are no I
don't want you on okay I do want you on
okay good
gettin fun sake yeah cool well I'm
excited for dinner and dessert we're
gonna have a busy few days and this
would be a good leftovers
say that again sweetheart yes cookies
won't be left over that I'm gonna eat
them all oh you are Kelvin is still
asleep and he's missing out on the party
these two just jumped up on the couch
how cute are you guys Kate came to visit
Kate came and looked at our candy dish
and it was empty and that is crazy that
Ellie has an empty candy dish so I got
on some candy and they have a little
spot that they're sitting and little
Henry I cannot believe is only two
months older than Calvin look at guys my
yo
and he's like crawling around playing
and Emily and I can you imagine what we
are talking about we're talking about
breast milk and houses so I'm still
dreaming about yes mom and milk I'm
still drinking about all the houses that
we looked at but we've just been sitting
here talking about the kind of houses
that we want in the future and just mama
talk milking houses her hand is over his
shoulder how cute is that well slap me
sideways and call me crazy Jackson I
feel like this is like one of the very
first times I've been on the blog today
Ellie what have I been doing all day
you've been doing oh I've been helping
my office like crazy all day working on
stuff for this weekend if you guys
didn't know I'm going to be at Comic Con
this weekend in Salt Lake and as well
I'm working with Jarvey doing this
photography event so I'm really excited
about that kind of stuff I'm hanging out
with my buddy here Calvin I take Calvin
can you smile can you smile look there
you are I made homemade chicken pot pie
Ellie I was just gonna get to that Ellie
slaving away in the kitchen for hours
how long would you say you've been in
I've been in here all day imagine
miss a new recipe so it won't take that
long next time but Ellie made everything
from scratch and I'm so excited to
partake of the goodness that is this
chicken pot pie what's not really a pot
pie it's like it's the inside with like
a biscuit type thing is that what you
would say that wasn't hot pie Jimmy oh
yeah okay oh my gosh he's eating it he
was throwing a fit earlier and I was
like you're gonna say you're even oh and
they did you're gonna eat it and your
guy liked it I'm sure every mother can
relate to that sentence right yeah okay
I have to put the camera down because
I'm starving and I'm gonna eat gays the
second fighting he likes it um good job
um see my angry eyes like it say hi say
yum yum say yum yum is it all gone say
yum yum well we're outside just enjoying
a stroll in the neighborhood are you
soaking up those sun rays Ellie Oh
Jackson are you soaking up the sun rays
you getting some vitamin D yeah I just I
have Calvin strapped to me right now and
I just can't help but think about when
Jackson was in here and how much has
changed since then you know like this is
my second little boy and I love him and
I love that he keeps looking up at me
and just smiles like we can't make eye
contact and he just like smiles at me
and I love it just melts my heart let's
see if I'll do it again
hi hey ready hi Calvin
well you might just have to take my word
for it
hey buddy anyway guys we are going to
call it a night Ellie
come stand next to me thank you so much
for watching today guys and we will see
you tomorrow
hi bum bum bum bum bum
