good morning Calvin I have an idea throw
them my idea okay we've got two diapers
and cat and Jackson are downstairs that
means two people let's go through it
Adam
and a diaper bum ah Jackson's like
excuse me like those are my diapers over
kaolin good morning good morning are you
guys doing good
assholes I'm onto it can you throw it
throw it just throw it away
gotcha we have a morning routine
they eat cereal and watch ah much Casey
nice day usually yeah um I will cut this
matzo ball that's about I woke up this
morning I was like Jackson do you want
to go downstairs and he's like yeah
donate some food yeah do you want to
watch some vlogs yeah okay let's go say
let's go thank you
and that's what he did who's funny cute
let's go yeah yeah he's like is it push
play stop vlogging goodbye
how long have you been recording did you
want a vlog for a minute
le I leave the house for what ten
minutes yeah mama did that huh there is
such a big mess I didn't realized that
we were like out of dish table ethics
all we have left so yeah you have to
make it work I wanted to make an apple
crisp today with Jackson and I just got
off the phone fawni and she was like I
just made dinner which is so smart to
make it nothing and like have it ready
to set for dinner anyway and I said oh
wait is there an come over so I just
made a dessert with Jackson and he sat
right here and he nibbled it an apple
but I made apple crisp and then I made a
little mini one for Jackson or a little
snack who's that no fun huh I love it
when my mom made me like my own little
mini pie she'd make a big fire what
would walk over you know little girl job
hey go watch your show cuz I have a
treat for a moment I want to show her
that I got ah yes but you actually store
but once again we forget dish soap so
well I didn't know that we needed a song
or is this for you no this is for us
don't tell Jackson okay that's prey and
it's I like some water
what yeah some water um so I something
that I try and do for LA everyone smiles
just whenever I goes sorry I like to get
a little treat just for her it's cute he
used to always at school he would be on
campus he would walk company would stop
at the BYU corner store and get me a
Reese's Cup because that was your
favorite treat yeah so I wanted you to
have your favorite tree um also I called
dad today
Oh Jared I'm sorry I
I get emotional but two we were video
chatting last night and mom and dad said
wrinkles is not doing good she's not
eating she's your dog yesterday she
ain't yesterday about Thursday Friday
Saturday she didn't eat anything she
just has a really hard time moving like
her backs legs aren't working anymore
and they showed us they put her on the
video chat she's just really thin now
and like right here it looks like
there's like a really big tumor and so
I'm just like uh I called dad and he's
like hey and dad usually is like sup yo
you know he always says something like
funny and you're just like hey and he's
like we're at the vet right now like oh
dang it it's my dog you know I will
remember at your childhood dog it's
wrinkles is the definition of
happy-go-lucky at the door burger you
know that's like that's the wrinkles
like she's just the funniest little dog
and I think I think what happened is she
use all of her energy early in her life
and you know and Annie was her mom and
Hannah just passed away just a couple
years ago Oh even less I would say I
don't even remember I'm sorry that was
probably it's just as hard on dad it is
oh my gosh yeah my childhood dog passed
away my dad I don't think I've ever seen
him cry so hard yeah you come see our
new idea
I view you that I don't want to get your
lipstick all over the place you're cute
but not that key I don't look at that
about that many rocks to have in one
hand one two just two that's a big rock
though okay here's the game plan you
take Calvin to his chiropractor
appointment I'm gonna get Jackson down
for a nap do you hear that bud oh you
got there some couple rocks before you
take a nap as soon as I laid Jackson
down I'm gonna get on a conference call
by the time I get that with Palmer fell
you should be back and you know we
should do play with some balls and then
maybe have like some sandwiches or
something like that well we'll gather
together for lunch I owe my guitars I
know if I start talking about it I'll
get emotional
he just gets so attached to these darn
dogs you know they really are man's best
friend I got a text message from my
family for my mom and dad saying
wrinkles has gone to her wrinkles has
gone to her eternal reward we are
heartbroken and we will miss her and
then they put in this I just think is
this awesome picture of her that's my
girl
that's my dog wrinkles oh gosh well like
I said earlier she is the epitome of
happy-go-lucky she is just the happiest
dog I've ever seen and the nicest dog
ever and we're gonna miss her I was just
thinking like gosh you do get so
attached these dogs gosh I'm not home
with my parents a lot but you just
they're family they're part of the
family you know I just will miss your
wrinkles let's go check the mail let's
go check the mail right in our scooter
let's go check the mail
so Ellie had the fun idea of making
Bonnie and Joel like she had the good
idea to make individual Apple crisps for
each of them Bonnie and Joel in the case
so I am peeling this Apple hey you kids
having fun eating some dinner
so yum yum say yum yum mmm are you guys
having fun today
oh hey you basta ruining your laugh is
now literally sounded like Krusty the
Klown gosh what's is what's his laughs
it's like like that oh my gosh it's us
these are Ellie's apple crisp that we
made and then this is what we have for
some dinner some homemade lasagna and
some French bread thanks Bonnie
this I think this is the first meal I've
made since I've had the baby so yay fist
bump
you're so Kiev ani Jackson are you happy
he's good standing out Jackson hey Dad
Jackson Jackson ole again you said where
do they start doing them well I heard
Bonnie say okay you guys know listen
k-12 now if I turn the camera on and
Jackson's going crazy
will he see oh you see Zoe yeah yeah
fussing you got love on the log you
think you get a free every pass did you
cute baby Jackson Jackson Jared tell him
to come over here and pick up these toys
Oh
well guys I think that is our day it's
been an interesting day I wanted to say
I'm really sorry Jared's been really
blue today
yeah but I'm really sorry you lost your
little puppy Ethan alone was my dog but
he is just like with wrinkles she can't
help but smile and you can see how the
fattest wrinkly is her forehead which is
like she was cold wrinkles for a reason
when she was born she was just super
wrinkly and everything so my dog died
I'm sorry thank you for all the Twitter
support everyone's been tweeting me and
on Instagram so thank you guys
means a lot to me so I'm gonna miss her
hopefully she's up there with Annie her
mom running around yeah that'll be fun
but that's it from us today guys thanks
so much for watching we will see you go
to Calvin kid thank you what's up you
bye-bye
well I love you I really love them I I
love you Amy oh yeah good I'm so glad
you do goodbye goodbye
by travelpod member
