happy Sunday happy Sunday
we got unwrapped you look at you you
went to church and Calvin took a nap
guys happy Sunday
good morning you took a good nap
is it cuz I slept next to you for a
little bit
yes hey guys let me grab Calvin and then
we'll go oh can you see me can you see
me come here good morning guys happy
Sunday Calvin just woke up from a nap
this is probably the best nap he's taken
ever he fell asleep then he woke up at
his normal 45 minute mark and then I
grabbed him and laid him next to me and
he fell seat for another hour so mommy
is proud of you mmm
turn your sleep I heard that oh it's
blurry hope you guys haven't been
blaring all time
you awake yeah I hope you guys haven't
been blurry the whole time II and we
were just finishing up some dinner
Jackson is eating chicken oh you just
dipped your blueberry in ketchup
whatever works
I can't you just ate chicken because I
doused it with ketchup no you did very
little ketchup you doused it with
cookies he dipped it in ketchup and
there was very little Ketchum dict
but Calvin is awake he says some I know
now hey you took a two-hour nap hey
that's so great
and Jackson it is good Barry once again
Ellie how are you doing today
Oh babies need that big Jared and I are
going to do our one take Sunday I
thought about it dunno 1 take Sunday in
a while it's been a while because we we
haven't never like that home I know your
wife oh yeah my hair is like falling out
postpartum and then Calvin grabs at all
the time my hair is so fragile uh last
night
Calvin did you okay Calvin did the best
ever the best ever he did so good I did
not hear him once last night like
sometimes even if he'll sleep he'll kind
of wake up and be fussy I'll have to
kind of like to the
he didn't wake up to eat you're all done
say all done say please all done he he's
all done and here you tell them I'll get
him cleaned up
Calvin slept through the night usually
he fesses a little bit Ellie will give
him his binky or you know putting it
rocking back to sleep he would be sure
or feed him my heated so good he did not
wake up one single time didn't you
but guess who did me and this guy and
this guy I'll see you again right Oh
Jackson you want to go outside he has
done I've never heard you wise oh yeah I
think I think he's teething well he is
hell I was teething Oh hold on side down
um
he's teething quite a bit and it's been
hard he's been kind of having a lot of
pain and everything so he woke up four
or five times last night and I felt so
bad because he was just like a slobbery
mess when he wakes up and he just
doesn't know what he wants or doesn't
know what he needs and he's still having
a hard time communicating everything but
you know you just can't help but feel
bad for the poor guy so we're taking
that into consideration today and
tonight that he's teething what do you
think but can you say yeah it's pretty
happy to me
oh yeah well in us the thing is he's
kind of going through some mood swings
right now when he woke up from his nap
today he was not very he was not very
happy used mr. cranky pants yeah he was
on I want to put him down as shown here
it shows okay well here's grab your
camera oh man yeah shiri coaxin sri coax
him in here will show more rock or
something you've got to show you his
teeth
here Jackson came here John bring the
rock inside no he's out he's out he's
like playing with the rocks only I got
to put my pants back on this is the
worst name to that all of us have taken
a nap I told you I am going to lay down
with Calvin Jackson's down like I have
to lay down and do you lay down
I will all this you watch the football
game I was doing I was sitting here
watching the football game and then a
little bit look lay back a little bit
more laid back a little more leg pants
undone you know I had a done deal I
might find to do was just woke up I
looked but my load button I was like
this is tight it's just more comfortable
while you're sleeping that's all that's
all we're trying to say sure go grabbing
Jackson pin him down I think we pinned
him down before and should have shown
you guys his teeth too but they are
redder than red come here let's look at
something I think we're also just kind
of like drained from yesterday is a big
day of it's okay wait wait I have to
show you son
okay let's show dad show daddy your
teeth bump
ah ah ah that's one of how much all
looks kind of painful
that's a soldier yeah that was good but
it was good go play young one go explore
the world go enjoy yourself go learn
that's awful there's a bunch of people
who just came by said he's out a weird
old I who is that happy birthday may see
gains - happy birthday may see gains now
just a few more years and you and
Jackson will be able to start dating
yeah so maybe maybe amazing Jackson can
take her to homecoming at all I can take
home from funny would that be if they
actually did that but like we probably
will that would be fun staying as close
as we are right now and that would just
be fun you know I think that would be
fun yeah but
what was I gonna say oh I remember
loudly the same
motivational Steve here I was just
thinking about it being Sunday and
Sundays like the very start of the week
you guys are probably gonna see this on
Monday and something that I always think
about on Sundays or try to always think
about is what can you do this week to
make it better from last week so
something that Ellie and I want to do
more is I want to talk more with Ellie
we want to communicate more better more
efficient and clear communications
because sometimes I just think things in
my head started off I'm just turning
this turned us sometimes I think things
in my head and I don't say it to Ellie
and I'll he's like well why don't you
tell me that was like well I don't know
I just thought I need to tell you those
things so I think that's what I want to
do is better communication with you and
something that I am doing this week to
just be better is I told Jared you know
Calvin was born and then for four months
we've been doing it's been fun and I
love I love traveling I love doing like
work conventions that has been so fun
but something that I have to learn to do
is say no or like be with the kids and
stuff and Jared has some fun obligations
this weekend he's gonna go and
participate in and he's like you can
come it'll be a lot of fun yeah I was
like I'm gonna I really cannot like I
need to be home Calvin has been a rock
star since being home like his neck is
getting better like being the
chiropractor was like when the baby is
like tense and stressed like it goes
back like he gets stressed baby by
babies you know especially traveling his
long stress on babies so and I had I
told Jeremiah just because I'm gonna
have to say no when I feel like I should
for the kids and stuff you know good
what do you think three I think that's I
think that's very good for you I think
that's awesome I agree though I think
that's something that we both should do
and is though speaking of those
obligations I already talked about one
of them is that um photography event
which sounds so fun like that would
fine but it just being me dragging the
kids around anyway I think um but that's
one thing and then also Friday and
Saturday I'm going to be at the Salt
Lake Comic Con is that crazy yeah it's
fun they invited you they invited me to
be a Comic Con and they saw us at CVX
live no I can't we'd love you to to have
a booth and yeah it's exciting isn't it
Jackson so if you guys let me know if
you're going to comic-con in Salt Lake
down below and then come by my booth
Friday and Saturday like 1 2 3 or
something like that and I'd love to say
hello I'm gonna have some tea I have
even mentioned names like Jared baby
hey that is your eyeball oh god play
acknowledgement oh my god really does
hey mister you're bringing it every rock
that we have a house
I am excited I'm excited for the for the
week to do those events
look at--look given faith ah he does he
goes backward hi grandma and now Bonnie
swear you're your mini Ellie you are you
are my extra is that what you are and
you are your grandpa Meachem extra and
is that grandpa ha that's grandpa ok
guys well I just challenge you guys to
think about what you guys can do this
week to make it better than last week
see what you can do every day to make
your day brighter to make someone else's
day brighter cuz that's what I'm gonna
try and do with my family this week ok I
want of you do it do it like what I want
your week to be awesome it will be can I
get me like lucky she's been dead ooh
ooh thanks for tuning in on this bottle
episode of Ellie and George stay tuned
for tomorrow where we do some more
exciting stuff ah goodbye say goodbye
Jackson bye look at him and say goodbye
bye bye bye bye guys
