it is a beautiful Saturday morning and
speaking of beautiful I have to show you
my beautiful wife you just look so good
today yeah do a little outfit of the day
a little outfit of the day this is from
True Religion uh-huh Nursing whoa whoa
whoa whoa hey tank top is from Target my
pants are from Charlotte Russe hi
necklace is from Nordstrom's and so is
my earrings oh my goodness and that
lipstick talked about amazing we're
gonna one no and lips talk my lipstick
is Revlon just bitten kissable balm
screen and ash just bitten does that
mean that you're just gonna be bitten
and kissable by me is that what it is
that's because that's what I wanted
actually you know I haven't won lipstick
in a long time when Jackson looks at me
and tries it teeth and pinches my lips
it's like don't judge my lipstick
Jackson give mom a kiss give mom a real
big kiss oh it's so cute oh wow look at
that lipstick on your face Jackson you
should probably wipe that off thank you
well you know Ellie you know we did
yesterday we went and looked at some
cars he's doing it yet uh-huh let's take
a picture before he wipes it off okay
but you know LA yesterday we looked at
cars and that was a lot of fun but I
think we need to take it a little step
further I think today Ellie let's look
at how we should go look at houses is
that fun should we do that let's go look
at a house
were you put in his head to tell him
that it's okay that was your sweet
seriously the moment Calvin ever cries
Jackson says baby runs to tried to give
him his binky and he always does this he
always does that to his head
I just think that is so sweet your
brother loves you your brother loves you
Calvin and I put this on Calvin today
this will outfit and I seriously just
kind of got choked up because I just
thought I remember yesterday putting
Jackson in this I remember his little
head and I remember kissing him and it's
just like this is Jackson's and now it's
yours no it's yours
ready Jackson say let's go let's go huh
say let's go say yeah yeah no Jackson
Jackson Jackson look say yeah no yeah
yeah go see mom go get mama kiss okay
come on - forgive moment kids ah there
it is
like all right oh my goodness Jackson
did you find a new seat in the house he
is on his toy is that very comfy is it
do you want to hop down here let me help
you
one two three add stuck to your bum ha
ha ha ha ok ha
yeah ok Ellie is the sweetest person I
know she right now is
sandwiches for all the kids and for the
babysitter because we have a babysitter
so we can go look at these houses we're
actually going to the parade of home so
it's like a big tour of all these new
houses and Logan we're just gonna go
take a gander a piece okay you explain
more of what it is right now
well the Parade of Homes is from what I
understand is the print homes is some
new homes that are built summer extreme
like nice huge beautiful homes some are
more modest cut it in between homes
whatever and it gives us an idea so we
go through these homes and it gives us
an idea of if we like the home we could
have that company build us a home or we
can search and find the homes that they
built and buy or it gives us an idea of
what we want in home or we don't want a
home it gives us a better idea of the
area as well right well no oh do you
want to live it this place of this part
where we never do on a live on the north
side all right
so it just is gonna open our eyes for
when you do go house-hunting of what to
look for growing up the oldest gets to
sit in the front and the youngest sits
in the back and now just how it even is
in my own car Bonnie and Jared oh oh
yeah just just take it Barney and I not
a right now it's like a hundred bucks
because our makeup is done and we feel
great we have to order on you know Ellie
walk I only walked in the door and we
were like oh my gosh you look so good to
each other like all morning bowling how
lucky am i sitting in the car with you
beautiful and we are on our way to go to
the Parade of Homes we are very excited
we have two little cute babies with us
Kelvin just woke up
little Lincoln's in here and we are
excited for some reason the babysitter
said no I'm not gonna breastfeed those
kids well anyway the kids are very well
taken care of they're having
and we are gonna have an extremely fun
day today even a fun dinner or going to
a birthday dinner to go see our brother
Bobo so we are on our way to the very
first home that we are going to look at
we're going to look at about 12 homes
and this one is right up our alley
because we like the colors the colors on
this house small that is the first time
that we're looking at I think it's
beautiful and my ideal whole know would
be the garage not in the front I kind of
like the idea of the garage on the side
of the house yeah but this is a
beautiful nonetheless I look at all
wowsers beautiful I love how open it is
this is perfect yeah this is perfect
okay concept we're to go through and
walk to this house they think yeah I
like it it's Grace's I love how open it
is
yeah that's beautiful chair this would
be Jackson's room and this would be
Calvin this is a cool this is giving me
ideas of what I want at home what I
don't want what I love I love the wood
floors I love the carpet in the bedrooms
this is really cool I do not like having
a bathroom door to the toilet personally
in the master bathroom i suffocate
yourself in there
well we've had both I grew up with not
having that and I've had that in our
place now and I don't like it
yeah sure can see the go the bathroom I
could see food this is a nice closet
that first house was amazing oh my god
we got the guys card his information and
I'm like I'm gonna email you yeah before
where does view be beautiful as well oh
my beautiful this is VE au time yeah I'm
getting a butterflies because I still
feel like we're newlyweds in college but
we're lucky Oz's what happened Jarrod
well I got these little you know little
stuff so you know yeah the household
that happen
come on can't I get it off I can't get
it off slam we are here at the last
house and this is totally right up our
alley this is such a cute home
and I'm excited to go in and see we've
seen a lot of homes it's funny something
like the bigger I mean this is nice
but some like it crazy ones we lift up
just like that doesn't feel right yeah
yeah we just want it nice open that's
what we're arms when you walk in to be
open
yeah so to call it yes yeah that's what
you call it yeah
open-concept yes I love this I love that
you walk in and Jerry could have his
office we could be right here at the
family the kitchen downstairs and some
bedrooms over there I like this layout a
lot what do you think I like it
I know just walk around real life this
is like the most homey down-to-earth
home that we've walked in today
extravagant but it's still super
beautiful nice especially the spider in
the corner I won Cape you lost Jarrod in
the meantime oh that's a nice bathroom
and this is this the master this would
be the master bedroom
this is very cute oh look at that night
look they have big windows yes oh this
could be my feel here yeah yeah oh and
then this is the map like this I it's
extremely nice but very like realistic
yeah and right up our alley look there's
you at red heels oh my gosh that's cute
fire just says what did I figure I find
you guys in the bathroom together we're
doing your makeup or something all crazy
like I like this Jarrod did you for your
shoes yes
Oh Jarrod creepy I did a new video
Jeremy you guys are here it
you're celebrating my brother's birthday
and we've got Emily here and Bonnie of
course all right sometimes I just can't
really just creepy
sometimes but guess what he even plucked
his Louisiana brow I got back here but I
had to take care of this man but we
bought both baby
Henry here Henry you six months and then
we've got Calvin that's almost four
months and then Julie has Porter that's
five months and then we have look at
that face me out of look at that
face
and then Lincoln is just a month old so
it's kind of fun to have all the babies
here it's kind of fun things poking and
life we're excited to dive in again
thanks for coming to do love that you're
welcome it was a little dry but it's
worth it absolutely we had a wonderful
dinner but I'm wondering if you guys
want dessert
look at this cotton candy sky
yourself it mmm tasty this is beautiful
that is beautiful there's something
about Utah sunsets that just can't be
matched you know beautiful we had such a
fun day I learned so much
Bobo happy birthday tomorrow I love bone
Emily thank you for the invite for
birthday dinner and we've got a lot to
look forward to when we start looking
for houses absolutely questions so to
start yeah I was looking for houses I
feel like I'm leaning more towards
building than I am buying what are you
saying no no my mom has built every home
that they've looked at as she loved it
but I've heard some people really don't
like it I don't know I want to move into
it like a house that's done you know my
god I want an unfinished basement
there's so many questions variables that
we have to go over are you laughing when
it's so late at night
oh you're so tired it's way past your
bedtime and then Calvin's up late to
Bonnie's only one you got that look at
you you are trying to roll over get it
come on
he's arch ended to turn look at that
you're doing so good hi bud hi buddy
oh my gosh you're growing up way too
fast you need to slow down we're in your
closet right now maybe just put Calvin
yeah we're waiting for him to fall
asleep did you have fun dreaming about
houses today not dreaming this is
reality soon uh woof sorry phone that
was dinner sorry it just came out I
tried to conceal it as best I could um
it's okay I I give you bad things too
small too sometimes I mean it longer pie
house next week but we are really
looking for ticket home so it'll
probably be a few months but I mean it
all comes down to air I don't know maybe
here are there's more than wha
don't worry you're moving out
I don't know you like video is that
thanks for watching guys we'll see you
tomorrow bye buggers heads buggers
clickers buggers
