whoo Ready Set good yeah
hey guys I decided to take the kids out
and venture out today I am going to go
to this little Valley outlet that has
tons of little stores around it I always
see it when we come through into our
towns who don't have that many shops
here and I was that was fun so I thought
it's Friday why don't we go out and go
low pram oh great okay let's go get a
rock let's go get a rock first and then
we'll go look Jackson saw the rocks I'll
pick a good one and this one's pretty
cool
got that one know which one this one
that one don't hold that one and another
one cuz you need to oh this one's cool
what about that okay okay we've got our
rocks
Calvin is fast asleep you gotta adjust
his neck let's go look at some home
decor stuff that kind of sounds fun
this is cute smells festive too Jackson
look at that huge giraffe look at that
picture up that is so cute Wow oh and
there's some hanging balls right now
that's cool so I went into a store for
like 10 minutes just to browse around
and of course left and didn't see
anything that I liked and I got in the
car and right when I got in the car
Jackson fell asleep and I we actually
forgot to put those rocks back we just
gained two new rocks but uh Jackson fell
asleep and I decided to drive the radios
off and I drove and I drove I drove some
more and I drove up and around schools
and around parks around houses and just
looked and have fun driving and then I
got hungry and naturally I went to
meters and I got us some lunch
so we are going to go inside and get
Jared and we are gonna eat that sound
good yeah that is a rug you just woke up
I think Calvin did too yeah how was your
nap
it was good good let's go see disco yeah
I think you like the show we just turned
on the heat for the first time
Jared's upstairs working and I was like
what's a show we could put on for
Jackson and he threw up this on the TV I
think he's gonna love it
Curious George you won't watch Curious
George now you see the monkey and I need
a feed Calvin Calvin he scratched
himself I feel so bad I'm going to get
Calvin out and feed him the warmth is
coming through our house we're going to
watch Curious George and stuff on the
couch together that fight me and my
little boys Jackson is a loving Curious
George I think that is so cute no no do
you like Curious George shut up what did
you just say you literally have a dead
baby bat covered in ants right outside
your garage outside the garage or inside
the garage I need to know if it's
outside or inside Bonnie is it outside
where's the inside it's borderline
probably squish by your garage door
say I'm funny my gosh what in the world
I am like I want you want to go up I'm
gonna look at this oh my gosh oh oh poor
little thing should we give it a proper
burial
that's crazy to me would you like to
take a moment of silence for this I tell
the story about the bat when we were at
Bryan Missy's house we're in the hot tub
and it was late at night and oh my gosh
yes there were and uh Jeffrey their
cousin said the bats
it's just something about noise and so
that's you that's see a lot of their
stuff by hearing like echolocation type
stuff and so Bryan clapped his hand and
a battle ax right towards us with yeah
we all like whoo ducking down oh my
goodness oh poor little guy
oh my gosh Ellie we have bugs everywhere
that's disgusting
do you see yeah
wieszczyk okay I'm gonna get it out I'm
gonna use iPhone what are we gonna do on
this nice Friday now that you're done
working oh my gosh you did what could we
do there are so many different options
impossible sure you don't buy a car oh
my gosh are we gonna go buy a car no but
we're gonna go look at cars we are gonna
go gonna shot free exactly well and when
you make a big purchase like that you've
got to be prepared we're not gonna buy a
car anytime soon but we want to make
sure that we know exactly what we're
getting into right yeah this is what
this is probably mine and Jarrod's one
of our favorite things to do is like the
grill or the car or looks like a big
identities yeah the TV we told you that
chick is like a year to buy it's kinda
like yeah just a minute please
it's so fun to look at it
searching looking at go dream hi
I'm a shine under I you who showed up
your eye a ton of times all he wants to
do is play I spy
that's all he wants to do it touching
his nose now anyway we're gonna go get
cars I think it'll be fun no no we're
gonna go look at minivans ah so you got
the bench seat in the back and then you
get the two captains chairs and then the
two captains chairs how cool and that's
the stone goes or you can just basically
oh cool I like some ways completely flat
so with our two kids up front we have so
much space for equipment Jared hmm
I could see myself driving this just
looks nice I like it
the front is spacious this looks
interesting
cool okay stop number two we're gonna
look at some Honda's & Toyota's it's
been a while since Jackson has been in
one of these little floaty things so
let's uh let's see what he does do you
want to go inside buddy do you want to
go jump come on go inside
no people let's look at cars gonna go
look at cars here what if I go in first
let me try going in first hold my hand
nope he is pull on my arm
don't go dad Jerry he wants to go look
at cars
grab-grab calvin we're gonna go look at
cars that's what my boy would rather do
hold rocks look at cars what in the
world um I think this this is a tent and
there's a minivan attached to her Ellie
that's so cool
you can go camping well actually maybe
it's not smart because I'm the bear cub
the Bears what do you mean the Bears
oh well that depends on where you go get
out your phone not a leather I kind of
like this coat yeah do you think this is
fun
is this a lot more enjoyable than the
bounce house Jackson I honestly think
it's the noise I think it's the noise
that bothers in Ellie yeah oh my
goodness how did I miss the slide
Jackson we're gonna go down the slide do
you want to go down it we're gonna go
down the big slide here I go oh oh I'm
rock climbing I'm rock climbing here we
are at the top of the mountain Jackson
High ready set go
does mom wanna turn Jackson watch mine
there's no need to cry
oh shoot
this is hard hey these people are like
yeah and this couple is gonna buy a car
they're playing on the bounce house whoo
Ready Set yeah that made your tummy turn
okay let's look at a Cardian let's get
serious and look at cars okay KJ what do
you think of this one
what do you think do you think I should
sit yeah I think you think I can handle
this
this isn't much to handle those I like
it Bronco that I like it Jer and I don't
know that I like that there is no DVD
players because Jarrod's like oh there's
no entertainment but I like that we
never had that growing up I think the
kids get enough especially with what we
do wanna talk about yes he has to try
when you drive and I want to watch
do you like it a lot should we get it
alright Nellie what do you think about
this one last one these are very
comfortable I mean like I've said the
back seat these are fun they cradle your
bum and give you all the support you
need you may want this one then because
this is all wheel drive so they said
yeah all time all wheel drive yes I'm
glad that we've tested a few out today
because I definitely speakings our life
and things I don't like agreed agreed
and soon we'll have two screaming kids
at the back wow he just climbed right up
I need my jacket what this is a new car
you sure but yeah he's doing Otis Key
honks horn it feels so weird being in
this car now I know there were so much
room for activities in Nevaeh
he is so stinking cute
Calvin is loving this mom are real we
were at Chris Pirillo house for vlogger
fair and Calvin was getting kind of
fussy and everything and they had a mama
Roo there and we set Calvin inside of it
and boom he just stopped like he was
silent fell right asleep it was the
craziest thing ever some of you guys may
have remembered that we actually got one
of these for Jackson when he was a
little baby but he just never took to it
and so we never really got one for
Calvin but ever since going to Chris's
house we were like wow he loves it
Chris was kind enough he actually knows
the people who make these and send an
email to him and said hey you know
Calvin really liked one of these and
they were so kind enough to send this
one and it's just so cute look at him he
loves it he
out
it's really cool I like it I can't even
control it from my phone
like that's pretty sweet but he's just
he's loving it look at that and to be
completely honest it's pretty rare for
Calvin to just sleep on his own anywhere
if we were to just set him down it takes
him a while to fall asleep and to get to
sleep but he loves that he's he's really
comfortable with it and everything but
so thank you Chris thank you mama Roo
for moms for sending us back we
appreciate it
and what are you guys doing in here
rafer bed you guys getting ready for bed
tired
Oh Mama's tired tired it is kind of
tiring what it's it's really hot outside
but um and that's the other thing is
like I'm excited to like start gearing
up for this stuff we're not gonna buy a
car for a long time but we want to get
prepared
whip watch me nae nae watch me nae nae
watch me whip whip watch me nae nae hey
alright guys thank you so much for
watching today's video
you have a wonderful weekend and le
wooden one do you think we're gonna see
these guys next in a year in a year see
tomorrow we'll see you next millennium
bye
oh my goodness
what did you do
