good morning guys we all decided to come
to the chiropractor as a family how
sweet is that um
Kelvin's being worked on and he actually
is twinning with Jackson I don't know
why he gets so fun till to make the boys
like twins
but I think it's really cute and Jackson
we could try to she it's not a car we
could not find her shoes for the life of
us so he's going shoeless today I am
just so amazed by this room I had no
idea there was like this awesome huge
area I know I should have come earlier
so I could play now you know why I come
like two or three times a week
well that looks a little better huh huh
that looks a little more straight on huh
oh hello
did you I'm gonna snag this from you
yeah let's not write all over the blaze
Jackson so Jackson has three balls that
he's holding right now and I grab them
from him and I was like juggling and I'm
showing him how to juggle and they let
me show you again Jackson okay ready
okay Jackson now it's your turn can you
juggle them can you juggle dude again
can you juggle oh you're so cute oh
that's so funny juggle juggle juggle
juggle check oh my gosh that's so funny
so we just got back from the
chiropractor and that was the first
appointment that I have ever gone to is
the first time that I didn't have to
have like a conference call or work that
I had to do during the appointment so I
was able to go and it was actually
really cool I felt really good about the
chiropractor and what they were doing um
I think we're still gonna go see a
physical therapist we have a appointment
scheduled to go see a physical therapist
but um based on what the chiropractor
was saying and doing and everything I
had a good feeling about it based on how
Calvin was born and everything she said
that she's like now when Calvin was born
did he have like one arm sticking out
and I was like yeah actually he did I
think it was his right arm she's like
okay that actually matches up with kind
of what I'm saying she says he's got a
mild very very mild case of torticollis
which is when the muscles right here
pulled down and these ones are long so
you kind of do this that's kind of what
torticollis is your head is tilted and
turned that's what torticollis is so
these muscles are a little bit tighter
than normal but he has a very mild case
so that means it's not like a really bad
case of torticollis but she says it's
actually more in his shoulder his
shoulders are kind of tight
that kind of where the pulling is coming
from so that's what we're working on for
a little bit is that kind of stuff but
she said overall he's actually doing
pretty well given the way he was sitting
in the womb giving the way his arm was
out during birth so we're just kind of
doing some stretches here and there but
I think we're still going to go see the
physical therapist just to kind of one
get a second opinion
to to see if there's anything else that
we can be doing at home in the meantime
and what I wanted to say
Ellie was you've got a cute looking bum
oh hello dear hello dears whoa look at
the deer did you see that yeah did you
see the deer deer oh did you dear dear
look at you being awesome at tummy time
dude you're killing it you're doing so
good he's like yeah I know I'm good I'm
gonna look off into the other direction
to show you how good I am
look at you twinners look at these guys
oh my gosh baby brother twinners okay
you have fun Jerry okay I was just gonna
say Ellie do you mind if Joel and I go
four-wheeling is that okay well thank
you stirred again okay you don't mind
you bet I don't look at this little guy
hi Lincoln hey buddy ah you're just a
little guy huh don't worry Lincoln
someday you'll be as big as this guy and
then you'll be as big as this guy hey
give me a kiss my love you alright you
stay with me oh I got to show you
something really cool right now it is
like not even raining on us at all but
if you look over there it is pouring
down rain I have a feeling it might hit
us here in just a second but we're
getting the four-wheelers out we're
getting ready to rock and roll
you
you better tip well tell them is smiling
so big in me right now he's running at
Bonnie look so he's like ooh there's a
friend
oh that's buddy so who is who in this
picture oh my goodness I think we know
who this one is brother just want laying
low holy cat what I give grandpa when I
boy my turn hey boys win
no that's Calvin silly ha ha ha
ok now how do you do it okay oh you get
the rail it's catchy late does he like
it there where else would worship
grandpa kissing no make it all better
show me that we just got back from
four-wheeling not too long ago and it's
been a lot of fun mom and dad came up
and we just had some sweet sonic and
what is this creme slush watermelon
cream slashes my favorite you got yeah
mm-hmm
so we're just hanging out talking as a
family enjoying each other's company
eating the cream / Parker work doesn't
what what was on my thigh okay good
exchange Jackson who is that thanks for
waking up and seeing me good good
you baked it me see it one more tiny to
kill say it Jackson Foy's oh but wait
where's grandma where's your Bonnie the
Duster house
you checklist yeah grandpa
Jackson where's grandpa grandma ready to
go home and go to bed - Lydia have a
cake I love their breath thank you - is
more like night time for nighttime baby
breath yeah I like the nighttime morning
room I like his breath here we gotta go
just fill in a card chosen Jackson say
let's go you gotta go
boys cold home it's cuz your Aunt
Bonnie's house see ya oh he's off okay
grandma kiss you go I surprises today
Cooper's usually were actually with you
he doesn't do it but on grandma grandpa
unlike Jackson I think that is it for
the day ever to go home and go to bed
we're all tired letters right here
please
everyone say goodbye
