good morning you see mama mom I am up
there
Jackson you slept well look at your hair
look at that that's a good sign yeah
Jackson where's papa Oh Jackson where's
grandpa show me where grandpa is papa ha
ha ha
he points to grandpa's picture every day
he's got both his grandpa's right there
guys good morning
it is another crazy cold rainy day look
at that out there I mean it has been
raining all night all morning I know you
don't even want to go out normally run
out see it's getting so much wet in here
yeah that's your rocks we'll have to get
them in a minute oh we gotta close the
door don't hurry and grab it
hurry snatch it and run inside all right
right inside now
good morning it is cold and rainy we
need to get some hot chocolate going on
we have a hot chocolate maker
okay Jackson are you ready to go on a
little special mini date with mom mom is
I you ready okay we're gonna go buy a
few items that we need at the grocery
store but mom has something special in
store for us ready okay let's go okay
now that fall is here I wanted to take
Jackson out on a little special trip
because he really is liking to color
more and I thought it would be fun to
get a little Halloween coloring book and
color with him everyday a little bit
during Calvin's first nap and then I
thought it'd also be fun to get an extra
coloring book for who say Emma and
Cooper I thought it would be fun to get
Emma and Cooper a coloring book my
sister Julie that lives far away her
husband as a medical school she's home
with her three kiddos and I just thought
maybe they would enjoy coloring book as
well so I don't know if I'm even in our
area here's coloring books but they may
I would think they would have like
holiday coloring books out but I kinda
don't see any oh see oh look even if
it's a regular one we'll get a regular
one well we never could find the
Halloween coloring book so maybe I'm a
little too early for but they have like
Halloween books and stuff so I thought
maybe they might but oh oh did you drop
it you drop it does this work Jackson
will you be happy and satisfied with
this yeah that'll work one for you one
for Cooper and then a cute little one
for Emma should we do a little Walmart
haulage for Dad sure you show him our
haul I'm I'm very disappointed in you
right now who I'm coming with my hair
not even done huh did you know that it
was a very rare occurrence that I ever
saw my dad's hair messed up as a kid he
always woke up before me and he always
had his hair done Mike OH
the only time we were able to get to see
it messed up is if we like today
yourself sold him and that's fun even
the torture was missing
I think I'm done it we're giving us our
honest and it took all six of us kids to
do it that's crazy
so your dad is good to do that get a
picket ready my hair is not even ready
grab Jackson I'll show you what we got
okay Jackson has been liking to color
all that was the Domus Jackson I am
Jackson some biking the color lately
right I decided to get an uncool per ah
so Jackson has crowns uh-huh and they
didn't have any Halloween books so we
got this
I got Jackson at Halloween books I don't
think he has a Halloween but no I don't
think he does Cooper a little budget oh
you're so cute you're cute and okay Oh
candy Kong candy corn guys I love candy
corn is like fun like well it's what its
gonna be writing the next few days yeah
big fun to like have a snack while Kevin
sleeping and like us to color totally
not quiet time yeah absolutely that's so
fun oh and flocks cuz we have a class
for like two weeks
Oh Ellie you don't tell people that we
don't floss for the best a little bird
or a little floral drop down on a fork
not so long ago okay Calvin you ready
you ready to strong your trick ready set
go
it's like this trick is no fun
ready set go go okay now ready oh you
can stand up for as ii stand up i can
sitting better ready hey oh look at that
smile looked hurt already set go go
stand up Rick does muscles Rick does
Nestle's right doesn't it oh look at it
okay oh good Oh
oh good he's getting so big and strong
because ready all by yourself oh wait ha
ha Oh bunkers bunkers ok I think stage 2
of our objectives are complete delhi you
have all of your clothes that you are
ready to donate and i have all of my
clothes that i'm ready to donate I'm not
gonna donate this guy though we're going
to keep him we're gonna keep him harmony
yes we are get them and we are putting
all of these clothes that we don't want
don't fit or anything into garbage bags
you know what what I was thinking when I
was going through some my calls last
night
what were you thinking when you were
going to say throws third something up
it up it up a lot of my clothes I've had
since high school still I remember
wearing this home from the ice cream
shop on Christmas Eve it's like I only
wear it a few times a year I was like do
I get rid of it but I like it and I only
wear it like around can I tell you
something you know what I mean that's
like can I tell you something yeah I
like when you wear do you uh-huh of
course I do
well not donate it so that's exactly
what we're gonna do though we are going
to put these in bags we're going to take
them to the local di which is kind of
like a goodwill and we're going to
donate these clothes so I just finished
taking a bunch of stuff over to the DI a
bunch of the stuff that we donated and
we're going through some of Jackson's
winter clothes if we put it in his
little winter clothes and he's just like
walking around it is just like the
cutest thing ever I'm just like waddle
waddle waddle waddle fat guy in a little
coat fat guy in a little coat it's like
a little marshmallow well I have left
the premises I have left my house and I
am actually going to meet up with jarv
we have some important stuff that we're
going to talk about and we're also going
to take a few pictures here and there um
something we're talking about well you
know what I'll just wait until he comes
and then we'll both talk about it we'll
have a little sit-down talk about
something very very cool
we're hanging out here with the one and
only jarv that lenses huge man
compensating oh man um so I got my
camera here and we're actually ticket I
feel like I've had 15 seconds with
Jarvey and these pictures I've taken our
like phenomenal so thanks for the Deb's
like I took pictures of you with your
camera is that conceded like is that
like self-absorbed with me now awaits
picture I'm kidding I didn't have them
take pictures you took my camera because
we were trying to figure something out I
was like you're gonna get these a lot
faster if I just figure with your camera
I need to get Ellie down here so we can
take pictures together but we're doing
some some architectural pictures and
then we're gonna go take some sunset
pictures maybe begin again ask some
fruit photography to okay sweet okay we
just finished up an intense session of
photography hence my crazy like camping
like it's all being intense but um Shh
Jarvie came to me with this awesome idea
that have probably I'm beginning of the
summer so it's been a few months and
told me about it and then I was like
this is so cool and I'll just have him
tell you a little bit about it we are
doing a photo well we have to skirt
around it because there's a news
conference on the 24th and actually
jared is speaking at the news comp i'm
going to speak at it together with the
president of ABC here in the area some
travel companies and photographers i'm
gonna speak at it so that's pretty
but with a skirt around it because we
can't say the name or give out the URL
because that's what the news conference
is about right kind of but we can screw
it around we can say it sick it's a
photography competition let's say that
yeah photography competition and for two
days on the 25th and 26 so we do the
news conference and then as a way to
promote it we're doing a small event
because the big event is like next year
so we're doing this small event we got
Jared coming and some other fun people
but hey if you message me or Jared right
right if you send if you send me a
message like on Twitter or to our email
address down below if you're in Utah or
surrounding Utah yeah they'd have to be
around for the 25th and 26th of this
month of September like next week
yeah pretty soon it's an invite kind of
thing but I know someone I can get you
an invite Jarek just give you an invite
to the game come play and then Jared I'm
sure wouldn't mind I like I mean you'll
bump into a lot of people because we
kind of create the playing field
it's photography bring your cell phone
bring your your point-and-shoot or bring
your DSLR it's just like for anyone that
enjoys taking pictures so the whole idea
is that you're basically exploring an
area Utah
for this example while creating amazing
images like the best of your life
because this is fall the fall colors are
going to be really really strong so
you're exploring Utah while creating
awesome images in a very competitive
kind of nature and competitive meeting
it's pushing you to be better not
necessarily that you feel bad if you
don't do well but you know you're trying
your best you're doing your best there
we go oh and there will be prizes yeah
yeah that too
contact me on Twitter or jarv on Twitter
or on Facebook if you guys are
interested in participating in this fun
event next weekend it's going to be
really cool if you want to take pictures
it's it's a cool competition that we're
doing and then we're filming it and ABC
is going to be filming it and Jared's
gonna be filming it yeah I'm going to be
filming it I'm actually even going to be
doing live updates on Twitter it's gonna
be awesome
you guys are interested send me a
message if you want to participate I'll
send you an invite to the competition
it's gonna be really cool and we'll be
having more updates on the vlogging
channel on Twitter and everything like
that as we go along a little bit more
yeah
well I get back to the house and
everyone's asleep I can't even end the
vlog with my video will we anyway just
kidding
thanks for watching the vlog today guys
I hope you enjoyed it have a wonderful
day and as always we will see you guys
tomorrow bye
