chicka-boom chicka-boom chicka-boom ouch
moment - boom chicka-boom chicka-boom
pretty one but a bone did a bumper the
bamboo the one with a bamboo boom boom
boom boom boom
good morning guys it is another rainy
cloudy day fall is here and winter is
not far behind
those are all of our toys from yesterday
that are left out and a whole bunch of
rocks I think it's safe to say it is
Jackson's favorite toy is rocks that
your favorite toy oh you want to look at
those those are precious and special oh
okay we'll touch him but no one's gotta
help yes so I'll put you guys down so
sadly we have not heard back from the
hotel Oh
a football oh we have not heard back
from the hotel yet I'm pretty sure we
left Jackson's baby blanket there that
looks like a football to Jackson hey
fella looks just like a football I'm
pretty sure we left Jackson's baby
blanket at the hotel when we were in
California and they have not called back
yet
and I'm really sad like that's his baby
blanket and like he loves it but I'm
going to be ordering him I think a new
one and this is the closest one I have
found that I like so that's probably the
one that I'm going to order and I
already have one for Calvin that you
guys have seen a lot of people actually
like that blanket and have asked where I
have purchased it and it's just pinky
it's an inky blanket if you google an
inky blanket you'll find it it soft
Mickey blankets is where I got it from
but that's what we're doing this morning
we're ordering blankets and playing with
our football Jackson can you show Calvin
how to crawl
show me the crawl let's do it show what
d can you show show my job
now give me kiss good job yeah is that
who you crawl Calvin and so it's not too
hard you can learn Oh
Oh Jess acute crying time Lord Disick
you could huh Oh Calvin your Jackson my
boys my precious boys it Jackson
he's like standing I'm like it was new
Jared's like hit at Calvin's neck you
think he should do more and do you like
physical therapy or something just
something we're making a lot of progress
okay ah
yeah today we're working really hard on
Calvin and Jackson his schedule hasn't
been muffled that very much with all the
trouble because we usually were able to
give him his one nap that he usually
takes um but Calvin or working we're
working on a little routine as what I
should say and Jared broken his neck
probably thinking we should uh maybe
because stuck there yeah I think we
should set into some different stuff
right now do you remember when I studied
physical therapy yes
remember you had physical therapy for
years okay that's a baby - um usually
were in the office with him because
there's lots of expensive equipment okay
let's move on out on this cold day I
decided that we would go through all of
the kids as close Jackson has yeah that
is yours
this is his from last year and it fits
him still and I go try his coat on I'm
gonna try some of these sweaters on him
from last year that never fit him last
year these should still fit him this
year and this should still fit him and
not bad that has a bow and then I
grabbed out some of Jackson's old
clothes for Kelvin of what will fit him
and these should fit him and this cute
little outfit should say so Jackson are
you ready for me to try on some clothes
because if these don't fit oh I think
I'm going to actually give these to the
DI because I don't think these are going
to be around for when
it's Kelvin size with the year change
anyway let's try on some clothes
okay son Jackson seriously a lot of
Jackson's clothes from last year are
still going to fit him so perfect checks
and thumbs-up I have a list here of
things that Jackson needs I'm going to
be get ordering him some church shoes
and winter boots and then Calvin I
probably I have quite a few winter stuff
actually so I'm only going we're just a
few things for you do you have enough
winter stuff no what a fun day today
Ellie I don't know why I am feeling so
good today I think good you shouted
already yeah well you're they're always
cute Elliot don't you ever think
otherwise
oh the garbage disposal anyway I love
today because it's like a colder day we
had this major thunderstorm last night
it was so beautiful so amazing the
Thunder just like came down from the sky
was like Oh remember we sleep the window
wipes open and we fell asleep to watch
the thunderstorm and I love the weather
oh do you have a football career but or
Gummer gotcha I love this weather
because it's like it reminds me of fall
and I just makes me excited that fall is
coming it's just around the corner Wow
or do you want to go outside we'll go
outside here in just a little bit but I
love today and it's it's exciting
because we're gonna have some visitors
come over today I have a conference call
in like two minutes
and then right after that we're gonna
have a little family tiny little family
party Bonnie's kids are gonna come over
yeah we're gonna have fun I said you
want me to come get the kids and give
you a little break
I want to come over so well then have
everyone come over good that means that
I Drive you pick them up hey Jackson say
yeah
it took me forever to get Jackson to
come inside yeah but he came inside
willingly if he had a handful of rocks
to play with ya want rocks for Christmas
is that what is that what you're gonna
ask Santa cuz I'll try to play with
I'll everyone look at me and smile oh
sorry
well I think we just tried to get a
picture of that but I wanted to show
that we're entertaining six kids under
six years old oh sorry sir
oh that's good how are you guys doing
good it feels like it's been so long
since we've seen you
it has been a long time oh do you want
me to take Calvin now here here Cody you
hold the camera and you talk to the
camera for a second and I'll take Calvin
talk to the camera oh just like that
okay what do you want to say to the
camera oh darling you want to hold
Calvin yeah oh you want to hold Calvin
to Boston I think we can make him some
arrangements hey Ellie why don't you
come hold the camera and I'll give
Calvin to this young gentleman who would
like to hold their cousin there we go
okay okay make sure his head is nice and
supportive yes just like that he's good
good job he is big what's that oh wow
that's from your bow they're so cool
Fox's been eagerly awaiting to wholesome
to hold him Boston's head said mom Oh
baby good mommy okay here you go
well I don't think Kevin wants to be
helped I know he's here
he's huge ah I can't wait to see Lincoln
he's looking at me you happy no Calvin
sometimes cries and laughs he's like
he's like I feel like it's been a while
since I've really earned some awesome
uncle points so today that changes guys
do you know why that changes what I'm
about to tell ya who wants pizza
Oh Jared you've done it again you're the
best uncle in the world
chicka-boom chicka-boom chicka-boom ouch
moment - boom chicka-boom chicka-boom
put it on buddy boom did a bumper the
band with the one with a band with a
boom boom boom
hello hello what everyone go everyone
just disappeared I get on one conference
call that only lasts two hours and
everyone's gone cheese looks like it's
just you and me Calvin just you and me
we had a lot of fun with Bonnie and the
kids coming over we watched a movie we
played some games and we kept six kids
under the age of six entertain and I
think we did a pretty good job at it
don't you did you have fun today with
your cousin Lincoln huh did you have fun
with your cousin Lincoln oh come on take
that binky oh did you have fun with your
cousin Lincoln do you see yourself
that's you I can't remember what the
ages we're when kids finally look in the
mirror and they realize that that's
themself and not someone else anyway
those things always interest me might be
things that you know make your brain
think anyway that's going to be it from
us today guys thank you so much for
watching the vlog today we hope you have
an awesome day and we hope to see you
guys tomorrow thanks for watching bye
there you guys all right don't you
hi hey I want to come and say good night
to you okay can I have a kiss good night
I love you
