Jaxon's happy to be home he's been
running herd room playing with his toys
he's happy to be home yes Calvin and I
have we're going to the chiropractor
today we're gonna work on your neck yeah
he's been pretty good actually this this
trip there was a day or two that I was
like this is really hard with the reflux
but now she's been doing really good
proud of you
high five high five
Kate Calvin round 100 he has been so
happy and smiley I'm anxious to see how
he does when she works on his neck
though been happy happy boy you'll have
to time if you feel like it's as tight
as what it was well even if he's feeling
here it isn't
oh good this right his right side which
this is the side
you've been yeah ah mommy's been doing
her homework yeah yeah I've been trying
it has felt so good to be home and just
like on rewind it's so good to be home
and just unwind both kids are asleep
let's see both kids are asleep and I
have been putting all of our stuff from
our luggage away and doing some bills
and some paper stuff that I've been
picking up in our office I'm trying to
like clear out a way here it's so messy
in here and Jarrod what have you been
doing I have an emailing non-stop this
morning it's been fun crazy just going
through the email you know the trip
email did everything never watch strong
bad on hop homestar runner calm I don't
even like a lot you know does that you
just lost the race or the talkee
I've had all this stuff on the floor
seriously for months I've had picture
frames I'm going the core kids'll email
emails like hot pockets
they're full of garbage and cheese
appear Chomper
when are you gonna dust off the combo
answer an email long enough any of you
guys on that's that's what you lost me
but Jarrod's been doing emails that's
funny
and these things have been here for
months seriously before Calvin was one
I've had these we never ordered the
other the third one no I think we should
go into the store and see if they had a
card song by now yeah let's go stop we
can finally hang those up yeah but we
just we have lots of little things that
we're doing it really does feel good to
be home part of me feels kind of bad
that Calvin is almost four
sold and his whole life has been okay
going here there and everywhere but
that's what you get when you're born in
the summer and the YouTube family Kelvin
so now that we're home it's just it'll
be it's good time to sit and get stuff
done here yeah it's good to get things
Citra mckay did all that Jackson I'm up
in my office doing emails but I wanted
to come down and show you what I've been
hearing the past few minutes are you
together roll your hands as slowly as
slowly as slow can be like me like me
hold your arms like me head shoulders
knees and toes knees a stuff knees and
toes and toes eyes ears mouth where's
that fun
gimme AK so cuddly hmm ever since we
went yeah he saw like cuddling yeah
hello rain holy cow it's starting to
rain out there do you believe this
weather Hey oh you want this yeah I was
gonna give it to Kelvin do you want to
oh yeah okay come on let's give it to
Kelvin and see how hold it oh oh oh what
oh oh one of your toys there you go
let's go give that to Calvin okay he's
been holding his hands and sucking on
I'm can you hold this
nope I I think you would like eating
that rather than just his hands all the
time and hold on to that teacher did you
eat it hey he likes his new
I know do not go in there
Jackson what is that ah yeah it's water
it's raining out here and it's not too
often that Jackson gets to experience
the rain huh should we go say hello to
the rain yeah yeah okay here we go
hmm what do you think buddy it's fading
do you feel it do you feel the rain on
you
this smells fresh and clean oh I love it
I love the smell of outside when it's
raining
can you smell Jackson go can you do that
Oh more water over there
Jackson go Jackson to love your brother
do you love your brother
you think I want him out of here come
with me you know maybe next year he'll
be sittin next to you wouldn't that be
fun to have both boys just sitting next
to each other
I think Ellie and I have this
conversation every single time we go
shopping do you see the ball you see the
camera noise this is just Jackson's day
Hey are you having a good time hey do
you see the ball should we get some
oranges or cantaloupe I love this name
Hey oh you also shoot the bananas
Jackson just a minute we have this
conversation every time we go shopping
it's like what are we gonna get for the
week like what food is gonna get us
through the week and we always end up
getting like the same stuff so you know
like a rotisserie the rotisserie chicken
some meats and fruits and vegetables and
everything but what I wanted to ask is
like what is your go-to meal what is the
thing that you get all of the time when
you go to the grocery store it's like
okay I can't forget this because we get
it every time that's why I want to say
Kate Jackson you can continue sandwich
what he's done this morning just
learning ten words a day and he's just
like and especially how did you see the
hopes of the ball right there hopefully
it always just wants us to I love it he
wants to show us what he's learned I
love it we are out grocery shopping and
Jackson is being so loud but you know
what I love it and I don't even care
I'm gonna be like shrieking to me
everyone's kind of doing my grocery
shopping buddy tell me all right it's
juicy like I don't know why I just keep
laughing
like he makes you laugh yeah you see the
pole over there and you're saying water
every time you see the ball Bobo I just
can't stop laughing like I'm glad that
Jackson's happy
he's just she's lying makes me huh it's
fun
well is it fun so funny and I love it so
much he does favorite and so is Jackson
and Calvin yeah funny
okay um these baby clothes like you saw
look at those and then we'll go and buy
all of our groceries so we can eat this
week oh look you have a cookie hi oh
look at that yeah I that yes I am here
mama where's Dada Dada
no that's mama where's Dada
yeah that's right you give me a hug
cuddly he has that come down my back
ghetto mom's back papa papa hey buckaroo
hey how you doing hi oh he's so precious
are you guys having all Bunker's bunk
bunk are you guys having fun
what hey mine that's so funny
that was my backer you guys having fun
out here
yeah no yours you got one in your hand
bud
I thought you write it on the camera yo
fief hey her ever ever ever ever ever
ever he's been so good to Kelvin every
morning he wakes up and he'll just like
put his head on Calvin and just like
rest his head and kisses but like just
now before I count he was kissing his
feet you know you're gonna be a good big
brother you are a good big brother well
I feel pretty productive today we did a
lot of stuff I got a lot of boxes
checked off and I was trying to get done
today and it's funny it's what's
interesting really if you write down a
list at the beginning of the day and you
physically check off those boxes of
things to do you have like I can't
remember the hormone but it's like a
rush of energy you're like yeah I got
something done so I try to do that every
once in a while to kind of give myself
like a little victory throughout the day
and it makes you feel good when you look
down at the end of the day you have all
your boxes checked off so I got most of
them checked off today I still got a
little time left to finish everything
and I needed to do well he's putting
Jackson down to bed I just put Calvin to
take a quick nap
and Ellie and I I think we're gonna
watch a show we'll see what happens
we'll see one annoy trickshot Oh Ellie
what are you excited for the things that
we did today
yeah good to get stuff done okay my kids
tell him what we did today what did we
do that we didn't vlog today I'm not
allowed to tell you what muon really
Ellie please
so Ellie and I spent a lot of time in
Calvin and Jackson's room to get ready
because it's almost done I know you guys
have seen a lot of it but we put some
more stuff in it and Ellie sometimes
soon is going to do a room tour on her
channel aren't you yeah
but I'm excited Oh jinx you owe me a
soda jinx you owe me I scramble how I
came I'm excited for the room to finally
be finished I know it's been a long time
coming but now he's gonna have a video
on her channel soon as soon as it's done
I'm just excited to get things at our
house picked out like we have tons of
things in our each corner that we got to
do and I'm excited to move on to the
next project
right but Ellie and I and probably
Calvin I guess he's gonna be third wheel
and join us we're gonna sit down and
we're gonna watch a movie together
sounds fun
do you want to watch a movie but thanks
so much for watching the video today
guys we appreciate it we hope you have a
wonderful week it's Tuesday for you guys
so have a wonderful week and we'll see
you guys later alligator okay Jackson
can you say bye Oh Calvin can you say
bye oh my gosh okay I always do that hey
Calvin can you say bye goodbye funk
