excuse me sir you really shouldn't be
texting and driving and you especially
shouldn't be sucking a binky and texting
and driving holy moly you want to get a
ticket that tickets going to be so much
money that you put your phone down while
you drive
sir okay thank you very much for
understanding goodbye
before we leave we have to pick up all
the rocks Jackson put put in the pool
and put them back is that what we're
doing all those all of those rocks
Jackson had picked up No
Oh bother no put it back sweetheart go
put it back no he's like no this is my
game mom is what she do and then you do
that 100 more times a good job that is
the wider we're only leaving two things
behind somehow Jackson's baby blanket
went missing I think at the hotel and we
came with four pair of socks and we're
only going home with one no I actually I
found one pair in the trunk so we're
only missing two but yes this is this is
where we say goodbye
thank you guys so much for letting out
is not gonna be crazy before we'll have
like four little matching boys oh you
give me a hug too on it so I'd like to
say we go really bad oh good good
you seen every day like yeah for more
game
well so signify and next time so you can
play Calvin baby always been so good in
the whole time pop the balloon one last
time that's territory well that's the
thing is like Jackson came barge and
he's like I'm gonna play with all of
your things I guess this is where we say
goodbye
alright you ready let's go one two three
oh and we made it oh my gosh it feels so
good to be home
this is awesome I can't wait to just
realize you forgot the kids we forgot
the kids oh let's go back we got to go
back ready 1 2 3 hey kids we forgot that
come on Jackson let's go let's go ok ok
alright sorry I came back on it now
Eddie my ready to go home yeah go I know
I'm sorry we forgot you I want to
believe we forgot the kids
here's having fun with ollie you were
huh do you miss ollie jinx you owe me a
soda
do you miss lolly yeah yeah say ollie
hmm okay we had so much fun guys I am so
glad to be home it feels so good I feel
like this is like the last trip that we
make for the rest I'm good it's kind of
crazy especially for like convention
mentions lots of stuff well I feel I
feel like this is a good time Jackson or
Calvin has never really had a real good
schedule like a good schedule and this
is like the beginning where I think like
this is gonna be a good time for us to
be sit down and get coordinated as a
family thank you guys so much for
enduring this summer with us as we've
gone from place to place it's been so
much fun but I feel like now we're home
where you do that's it come on
yes we Martin oh you're so cute thank
you guys so much for watching the vlog
today we really appreciate you taking
the time to sit down with us and our
family if you guys want to do this more
frequently be sure to hit that subscribe
button and give the video a big thumbs
up we will see you guys every single day
we make a video every single day so stay
tuned for tomorrow and we'll see you
guys later bye
can you hear all those birds there's
hundreds of them up in that tree and at
night they'll just start chattering
making all this noise I'd love to use if
you can really pick up on this listen we
came here to listen well and just a clap
of the hand though and they're silent
but give it two seconds and they'll
start talking again
that's funny keep entertaining that's
funny now they're all starting to talk
again it's just like our kids we live
trained in want you to be quiet
