okay Jackson I've got a question for you
buckaroo are you ready for the day yeah
who's on the phone Jackson here your
girlfriend say hi sweetie pie
say hey good-lookin yeah
good morning guys
look how cute friends are yeah look
they're 20 they're wearing the same
shirt I all night
Jackson you want to show him something
what are you trying to show them once
again his eye
they are twinning today I think they
look so cute we had oh and you're
massaging your face you're getting it
nice and clean Olli we've had such a
relaxing night and such a good morning
but you see it's been four months said I
have had a really really good restful
night and Calvin did a log wake up until
6:00 this morning he did so good through
the night the first time sleeping
through the night - ham snoring
he stopped snoring he's starting on I'm
so cute
this is like an ideal Saturday to me
we've got some football going on we've
got some food but I want to tell you a
quick story and in fact I just told the
story to Brian and miss you over here so
we had pizza yesterday and I open up the
refrigerator and I was like oh I'm gonna
have some leftover pizza it's gonna be
delicious
but I noticed there was something above
the pizza if you look right here there's
some cookie dough and I said oh my gosh
I no longer want pizza I only want to
eat cookie dough so that's what we're
doing right now we have a spoon and
we're just kind of chipping away at this
cookie dough we've gone from mini
corndogs if you're cold pizza and cookie
dough hmm Saturday's I am however a
believer in moderation you can't have
too much of a good thing and cookie
dough is just something you have to find
the precise amount of cookie dough to
eat in one sitting before it gets it
actually is a game you have to eat as
much cookie dough that will satisfy you
and not make you exactly oh oh what oh
did you think he was like loving it yes
um we are sitting here and we have our
our plan yeah our floor plan of our
place and we've been talking to Missy
about how to rearrange it and how to add
oh he didn't like that brought yawn but
Missy's been helping us try and figure
out a few things on I don't know our
little small awkward space that we have
we just are living
not each big so we we have to use each
edge to its best
yeah be looking to see right we can do
differently yeah try to figure some
things out oh she was comfortable on me
and then he woke up and then I had to
eat and I had to get up in there and
like our beatboxing no still quiet down
obviously be back sexy little girl walks
in with a many weights down around me
and yo you get okay Ellie I've got the
goods
harden ready you got the package what is
that Brian see clearance we came all
this way our presence isn't just a
presence
you know jeepers we got to do something
right oh that's why I get our presence
isn't she's coming Ellie
Missy you're not supposed to be down
here yet
all right we are on our way to mrs.
babies sprinkle I'm so glad that they
don't mind that we are here for this
yeah do it again do it real loud you are
so freaking cute I feel like it's been
such a long time since we picked up this
camera and the reason is because it
actually has been a long time we just
got back from Missy's sprinkle and we
had a ton of fun we didn't want to film
too much while we were there did they
just get in the house is that what's
going on did they just get in here did
they just get here oh my gosh there's
the lucky lady of the night and always
don't bring any pain so sorry oh my
goodness Oh
Bombo what's very fitting that you guys
just got here I was just talking about
we haven't picked up the camera in a
while we went to your sprinkle we didn't
really want to film too much while we
were there so I wanted to quit well we
just wanted to give you guys you know
your opportunity to your family events
and what did you bring back oh I brought
oh my goodness
brought you a bunch of beer and goodie
you know but I want to put I need to put
Jackson down to bed but then I want to
give you guys a good recap of what
happened because some some sweet sweet
stuff happened there so I'm gonna put
Jackson down to bed but first he learned
a couple things while we were there
Jackson Jackson can you say hello and oh
yeah you got the ball Jackson can you
say let's go let's go Jackson look at me
say let's go Bryan step sister is that
who that was she was running a purple
shirt half sister okay Bryan's half
sister was playing with Jackson and
totally just out of nowhere taught him
how to say hello and then I was saying
let's go and just so good with kids
she's uh yeah she was only one on staff
to her and gives her the biggest hug
when he doesn't want to get anyone it's
so that's awesome so thank you Brian's
half-sister okay I'm gonna go put
Jackson down for bed I'm gonna come back
we're gonna give you a big recap of the
night now you ready to go night-night
let's go night-night
I know it's so hard to go night-night
right now but I promise you when you
wake up in the morning we're gonna have
so much fun we're gonna play with ollie
and guess what Jackson tomorrow we're
gonna get on an airplane oh do you want
to get on an airplane yeah yeah okay you
give me a kiss
mm-hm say say buh-bye Hey
hey baby Oh would you want to give
Calvin a kiss give him his binky back oh
what a good brother okay Jackson went
down like a champ and now I'm gonna give
a very quick recap of the night the
sprinkle was a ton of fun we had lots of
great food lots of great drinks lots of
great company everything you need for a
really great party we were just sitting
and chatting and everything and then
they introduced a really interesting
game and I've never been to a baby
shower which i think is pretty normal
for a guy but this is a sprinkle so it's
a little different I'm guessing anyway
the game that they played is you have a
little necklace pacifier on and they
gave you three words that you are not
allowed to say and if you say those
words and the person catches you saying
those words that person gets to wear
your necklace and the person at the end
of the night with the most necklace wins
so being the competitive person that I
am I wanted to win so I'm trying to get
all these people to say the three words
which are baby thin and hey guys Cassey
and I were tied with four but not too
much later I was able to convince Cassie
to say something without her knowing and
she said oh we added a few words because
it was taking too long we added boy
and what else did we add cupcake we had
a cupcake because that's a fun word to
say
I got Cassie to say boy and therefore I
won the competition at the end of the
night I had nine little things on around
my neck and I won this amazing prize a
$25 gift card to Starbucks
wait Jared I thought you guys were
Mormons you don't drink coffee
shoot we won this okay prize a $25 gift
card to Starbucks the next thing after
that is we all went to the pool and had
a really good time Brian and I were
throwing Jackson around in fact I threw
Jackson off one of the balconies into
the pool and Brian caught him it was a
lot of fun we got some footage of that
but oli is quite the daredevil himself
I'm sure they'll have it included in
Brian and Missy's vlog so I'll have a
link to their channel down below be sure
to check that out it was a lot of fun we
had a lot of fun with family and friends
it was good to be involved with that and
it's very exciting to see Missy bring
baby Finn into this world and we could
not be more thrilled and happy for them
but I think that's going to be it from
us tonight tonight is the last night
that we will be here with Brian and
Missy so I think we're going to end it
the best way we know how and that's not
tub we're gonna go in the hot tub and
have a great night and get ready for our
flight in the morning thank you guys so
much for watching have a wonderful
evening and we will see you tomorrow and
if you haven't already be sure to give
the video a big thumbs up be sure to
subscribe and we'll see you guys
tomorrow bye
