Jackson hasn't talked about this all day
so now that the cameras on we'll see if
he says something about it we'll see but
last night we ended with showing you
that Missy let me use her breast pump
and the reason why is because I don't
ever really leave Calvin usually Calvin
is with me especially with his flex look
ya saw the camera especially he wants to
show you guys your cookie and especially
with his reflux uh potentially every two
hours sometimes every hour it's just
kind of all over the place but Missy and
I are going to go get massages today and
I don't want to worry and stress about
Calvin if he is wanting to eat so I
decided to pump and maybe if he's hungry
he look he's showing you his eye he only
does is he was on camera yo he hasn't
said anything all morning it's like he
knows that we're talking and he wants to
share same nose same nose oh my okay and
where was I we're saying that we're
gonna basically attempt to feed Calvin
I'm going to try and breastfeed Calvin
so so Jerry's gonna try and feed Calvin
today if he is wanting to eat but not
that way I pump some milk and that was a
lot of work to pump that milk I pumped
that last night look at that fat content
and then this was this morning so we
will see today is going to be an
experiment
today is one of those very fun and
exciting days Brian do you know why
today is very fun and exciting
I feel free order day I found a free
order day and I just think it's so fun
because you just want to come and show
me everything that you're doing and I
don't even mind one bit I don't even
mind he wants to talk to you guys too
oh my gosh it's fun anyway what I was
saying is Ellie and I we have some fun
with this
we stay up late we get a pizza and we
preorder these fun devices you have
never been able to order cell phones
when they come out on their date though
this is the first time I'm not on launch
day now at least the past few years
because of Jared's previous job well I
think that iPhone 4s I think we won but
that was how that was four years ago May
the only one yeah that's the only one
we've ever done so this is this is kind
of like exciting day this is fun don't
you think like we're going to get a
pizza
we're going to stay up late and we're
gonna order these phones and but it's
actually cool we don't have to stay up
as late as we normally do because we're
on the Pacific time zone yin time thanks
Brian for letting us stay here in order
to iPhones and in your time zone
literally only came here so that you
would have an extra hour sleep
we traveled just for that reason it's
just fun it's just a fun thing that
Ellie and I get to do together and we
get the company of our friends Brenda
Missy right so while we were in Los
Angeles Brian and Missy went on an
amazing adventure and they win
some I may experience both for the heart
this kid he literally just woke up he
was not singing he knows you guys you
know he wants to tell a story to to go
back in the car
oh yeah take a nap anyway we're here at
bum eye and we're gonna have some fun
you're the first gonna be a couple of
 don't let us enter that no it's
just food it is called fun today we're
gonna have fun and we're gonna be king I
did a really epic montage in my log so
now it's your turn oh okay hard to know
I montage montage politician
okay guys you go have fun and relax
we've got the boys Kay don't relax too
much just a little relaxation okay don't
have too much fun okay my brain let's do
this yeah let's do it
do it boys like the man you're gonna
you're gonna have to put your seatbelt
on before coat Sorry Sorry
all right the girls are getting a
massage and Jared and I are headed to
the mall to kill some time and we're
pretty ingenious here we got a stroller
probably the most ingenious way to
transport three kids at once most
definitely we got Calvin
we got Jackson and we got all he said hi
all he's taking on the super hit just
amazing look at him riding in style
he's so comfy to that honestly it's like
a little it's a hammock oh yeah
basically it's probably the most
comfortable out of all the kids we're
basically the coolest dad ever hashtag
sorry not sorry
hey stinky are you ready to go play yeah
let's go play go be free young one be
free go play and have fun oh good choice
Jackson good choice on car all right
boys where we headed where we headed
boys we going on a road trip
oh yeah we're going on a road trip where
do you want to go what tunes you want to
listen to huh Oh Jackson wants to get in
the driver's seat
Oh Jackson's crazy he's sitting on the
very back oh my goodness look at the
wind blow in his face Oh lost his shoe
thanks ollie
well good morning buddy hi how are you
you had a good nap oh my goodness
like for a straight color I'm so
proud
oh and the ladies just showed up how do
you guys feel
I told Missy either that was the best
massage I've ever had or that's the
worst I felt going in it probably could
be a combination of both yeah I've been
up across several nights with Calvin and
like I like cradling and like my back
seriously
Bobby he's like I said just uh
hour-and-a-half next time oh yeah I'm
sorry Ellie I'll rub your back all right
good Oh Calvin he literally just woke up
oh he fell asleep I got him to sleep as
soon as you left and he literally just
spoken I'm curious of course I don't
want to give him a bottle but because I
punch them I kind of want you to maybe
see them and just well just to see if
they'll even take it because if you wait
too long sometimes it take bottles I'd
love to try I'll try I do want to try it
I think that'd be fun for me okay I'll
try we're gonna try I thought about you
dull again oh look at you are you
excited to see mama his eyes no and he's
like huh smile he yeah he goes like it's
so cute I love it
do you remember earlier when I said you
could go and be free well now I really
mean it go be free have fun at the water
park where all your wildest dreams can
come true Brian this is all of our
wildest are happening so Calvin didn't
need to have the bottle while I was out
and about but now he is hungry so I am
anxious to see how he does with it and
if he likes it then maybe like once a
week on date night we can you know do
this maybe but this look kind of
interesting
I'm anxious to see how he how he takes
it I'm kind of nervous just because I've
been so gung-ho Express feeding but I
want to at least try it
Chris shake it a little bit yeah I'm
sure Zooey
I know
oh great well Nate thinking about it oh
he's like this is different
wait a second huh this is new forever
when you did this with Jackson yeah we
should show that butters that I'm now
there he's drinking he's doing good okay
so now I will not do this a lot I just I
just would hate for him to not but
obviously spitting up nothing
the setting is you got to be prepared
with a rag because it might just come
out of his mouth you know yeah this is
crazy
I'm helping actually now hahahaha you're
probably like finally I actually am
writing nice okay let's take it away and
I'll feed him now fit I know he'll take
it oh he'll do great well I think a
little bit of the momma bear came out
and Ellie was like I think I'm gonna
feed the baby now yeah never mind
he took an ounce from the bottle at
Ellie's like okay my turn that's cute
you're funny ready yeah
can't go play in the water now I can't
think of a better way to spend a day
where it's like a hundred degrees then
coming to the splash pad over here we're
hanging out with family fun fact we all
happened to be in town
you guys know Family Fun Pack you've
probably seen a video of you two on
YouTube what's up guys can you say hey
how you doing do you do high-fives boom
oh oh man oh man
what's that it's like copy and paste oh
my gosh
Shh ink copy and where'd the paceco I'm
not quick enough we're hanging out
having a great time Jackson is loved in
this place he's not a huge fan of the
water but he loves his play area you
know what we need to do to get him more
infatuated with the water but he's
having the killer time I love these soft
mats or you can just run around and have
a good time Jackson are you having fun
buddy
you having fun Jackson go get him go get
him Jackson run run run run run run run
go go go go go go go go go the water is
off but it's about to turn and he's
booking it out of there
alrighty I think it's time to say
goodbye but I have a mission and it
might be mission impossible we've got
three three kids who are two issues old
we're gonna try and get a picture with
all three of them look here guys
everyone look at me a smile woohoo yay
Jackson thumbs up thumbs up Jackson
there you go oh you guys are so cute my
water oh look at that
hey come on smile oh good job guys
Jackson can you give Michael a hug give
Michael a hug hugging oh that's so did
you oh the party's about to begin guys
it is that
hi we're all sitting here well actually
Brian and Missy just said another but
standing right here but we have been in
the living room and we've just been
talking about like what we're gonna do
Haley's iPhone time Ellie's making me
second-guess myself because I was gonna
pre-order just the 6s but Ellie's like
she's knowing my iPhone 6 plus which is
like ooh that's nice
she's like I'm totally gonna get the 6s
plus I'm like you want the bigger one
and then what did you say I said why
aren't you getting this one and I was
like well I wasn't but now that you say
that maybe I will so I'm like crab-like
what what am I gonna get we only get our
phones when our contract is up right you
have two years and I think that after
two years you're gonna be glad you got
this one that's a good point only that's
a very good point there two half or
whatever it is
um zrb I underestimate I was just gonna
say the other thing I was gonna say is
I'm very proud for Ellie for making one
of the most wise decisions she could
ever make tonight tell him what it is
only say I underestimated your cat shut
the Brian ba do homework for what five
bucks to be Jerez favorite shirt and I
put it on and voila he's asleep so thank
you so that's freaking cute
Calvin it's so cute thank you so he's
just like oh you are my almost four
month baby and I believe I'll let you
grow up mm-hmm well guys that's gonna be
it for us tonight thank you so much for
watching
we're gonna party we're gonna eat some
pizza and work in a pre-order is that
lame we're gonna stay up late and
pre-order unfold we we had fun tonight
we had fun doing that didn't we like two
years ago you remember that that was
very it was fun thanks for doing it with
me here I'm gonna angle up with you give
you a kiss mm thanks for watching guys
Oh be sure to check out these fools
because they're letting us stay at their
house so yeah we'll see you guys
tomorrow bye
