Oh
what are you doing in there Wow
oh-oh-oh death - hole hey mom why'd you
buy a whole jeans with holes in them
already
that's what my dad would say ah oh
good morning guys I'm very excited today
because we have a very special meeting
and I'm about to reveal who the meeting
is with are you guys ready we have a
meeting today with Google oh I'm very
excited we're sitting down with a couple
people and just talking about YouTube
and well duh
talking about YouTube and just like our
channel and everything like that very
exciting it's our last meeting in Los
Angeles before we make our way back we
might make another pit stop somewhere
we're trying to figure out we might meet
up with another youtuber along the way
but today is very exciting very excited
about you might stay I'm Ryan and
Missy's guest room again let's go let's
go we've got a meeting with Google and
five minutes Ellie we can't be late it's
not too often that you get to have a
meeting at one of the coolest places in
in our world it's around us everywhere
we just finished something Google we
have an awesome breakfast meeting ah are
you saying I again oh my girls box of
the camera I know right so yeah we just
have awesome breakfast meeting and we're
just in the Google entryway looking on
all these Google things and I think I'm
going to take a quick little walk around
after we're done so we're gonna go tour
Google real quick so if I were ever to
come to Google and give a presentation I
would stand here by the Google Lights
stand up this podium right here talking
this microphone to all of these people
who fill up this auditorium something
like that the crowd goes wild this is so
cool this is awesome
yesterday was rocks that I'm meeting
today is bowling ball pins can you put
him back put him back good job
okay put that one back oh good job go
get that one now go get that one and put
it back this is the I love that is it a
good age that he can like okay I'll just
put it right here good job now run
through one doughnut run through one but
by Google it was fun being inside of you
Ellie we were just inside the largest
search engine in the entire world that
was amazing I have two things to say
about it
give it to me Oh Oh she'll tell us in
the car
so they pack these cars in pretty tight
which is really cool actually may have a
Valerie I'm gonna see how they do this
so we're that gray car in the very back
just that little sliver so we're gonna
see what they do here okay
and there we go that's awesome that was
really quick Ellie they move these cars
like checkers on a checkerboard two
things about our Google meeting the
first thing is being this seeing how
Google just oh my gosh yeah seeing how
Google is run seeing the atmosphere I
kept saying to the lady we are meeting
with you have a cool job this is cool
and it just reminds me a car job oh so
cool I love this I felt very blessed and
very grateful
the second thing one of the things that
we talked about in the meeting is
products deals companies business and it
just Jarrod makes me a better person
Jarrod makes people around him be a
better person you wonder why Jackson is
so happy truly yes yes Fitz he's almost
a to it yet you're showing them here I
again um but Jarrod there's something
special about you and one of the things
that we talked about and the meeting was
it was off the branch of the business
and stuff but Jarrod was Shradha
this is our life we have a platform and
and I want to share our positivity and I
want to be a good example and you know
he brought that into and migrated that
into what we were talking about and I
just I love I love it I love I love you
and I'm grateful that you could do that
thank you I appreciate what I got
I want to make sure when people watch
our videos that that you feel good well
I would never want anyone to not feel
good watching our videos yeah it's like
the main part I'm Jarrod very grateful
for you for you know your attitude and
everything thank you third thing let's
go play let's go party let's go play on
the beach let's go carry on the beach
let's go play on pier let's go play on
the beach let's go Kay on the pier let's
not get in Rick let's go play on the
beach let's go Bayon
here let's go play let's go play let's
go play let's go play No
ok boys are you ready for this Jackson
are you excited because we're about to
go on some awesome rides Jackson let me
hear are you excited yeah I'm excited I
don't think Jackson is very excited
though
let's go ok we are going to go on one of
Jackson's very first amusement rides I'm
excited I am nicer to you then my dad
was to me my daddy put me on the huge
rocket where shoots up really fast and
then drops really fast I think
technically I shouldn't even got onyx I
was not tall enough but somehow he got
me on their stuff and the nice mom K
Jackson right in there
can you go jump in
awesome awesome hey Jackson are you
ready gonna burn your eyes we're gonna
go
ready
man oh okay okay look look it's okay
Mama's gotcha it's okay this is fine
well Jackson doesn't seem to like the
ride what did you just say he just said
we what the heck he only went on one
ride and he doesn't want to go on any
other rides hey sweltered let's go I
guess that means we're gonna go on the
big ride yeah okay Jack and this is
going to be a really fun one that we're
all gonna go on look at the ferris wheel
Jackson are you ready for this one we're
gonna see the ocean it's gonna be a lot
of fun check fit beautiful look
to see the ocean yeah this is beautiful
guys like we should sit over there over
this yes and then this is the view
behind us so this is our view the waters
behind us oh my goodness is beautiful to
check Jackson a little convincing right
I think you like it now well he's doing
okay look buddy look it's beautiful
oh here we go gosh I didn't I came in
tell we're moving it's so quiet fun is
it fun Jackson now that you're on it are
you having fun now
are you having fun he thinks he's all
done okay we'll get off the ride back in
horrible ride what a terrible decision
this was Ellie I can't believe we wanted
to have fun can't believe we paid money
to want our son to experience fun to
have joy and excitement huh should not
be this broad that's all we need we just
need to go find some rocks and then he's
happy I love you son I love you hey hey
hey is like tripping
scared hey you gotta kiss I'll better
look good boy Oh baby go give baby a
kiss oh good boy you see the water buddy
look
you see the water you like it now put a
good view
well unfortunately it's time to say
goodbye to this here Santa my PR camera
is about to die say goodbye it's in Los
Angeles and Santa Monica and the ocean I
almost ran into that guy
say bye-bye balloon or you say buh-bye
say bye Jackson just ran around this and
I'm laughing screaming running for ollie
always chasing him
they were playing tag so it's fair okay
Missy just said look at Jackson he's
like working he's taking one rock and -
look at that pool that's full of rocks
yes dear see a little workhorse over
there says all of these are their planes
of water he is taking the rocks from the
pit Jackson's amazed me this trip he's
been such a good boy he's been so happy
is he killed beer why wait like this was
probably his like how many rocks you
think this is now eight oh look at that
whoa oh oh
we have Jeffrey cousin hey he came over
and his cute little girls and the boys
are the other boys they went out to go
get some food for us okay
Oh God Oh Oh seriously that's cute I
could watch this footage all days
because he's my kid that I think he's
cute or is that cute he's taking rocks
and moving them oh hi
good job go put in the pool
that's cute 15 minutes later and he is
still at it
that's a cool ride look at all those
rocks Jackson you are a good go you're a
good boy high five high five good boy oh
they're gonna have no more rikes eating
dinner with four little kids who's not
Ryan gives me a lot of it tests us as
parents it does you've been so well
behaved sitting there all yours Ben Ben
Jackson you have been a thief but you've
been doing well here he has stolen the
meal and you did pretty good
yeah Blahniks it's hot but dinner has
been good it's kind of nice to like be
out of LA and back like a friend I got
that right and miss you're not sick of
us yet
yeah can you guys guess we're doing it
for you tonight
this is so nice seriously I don't know I
would do this first I mean I like you
but thank you nothing it letting me use
all her baby products for Calvin and
look and you can like BB sanitizes yo
totally you can rent him from hospitals
yeah I'm already musical written
material and then a rack in the back
um so it was gonna I use any is it yeah
so I need a Chapman see a true
friendship right I know okay
seriously buddies yeah I mean you
attachment to you and all that to me
that's funny so anyone get try out
Missy's really nice nice uh so a total
of almost 2 ounces thanks OC for let me
sit on your bed and you know is your own
eyes your breasted liquid gold I know
that was good both Steve Calvin takes it
all let you all know that tomorrow it's
a long story so I think that's the blog
for the day I think George playing I if
I end up your designer clothes Yahoo
Yahoo um okay guys we will see you
tomorrow we're gonna have a fun eventful
day I mean this you might go get
massages okay see ya bye breslav
personal personal
member
