Marco Marco let's go to the beach los
angeles baby we are going to spend the
morning wait up today we're gonna spend
the morning at the Santa Monica Pier we
are and we are going to get a little
pass for the amusement park and I'm
excited to take Jackson on one of his
very first ride to the amusement park
I hope you liked it I think you that is
your I there it is
Santa Monica Pier look at that
we'll just look at this whole area just
right over here it's people on the five
well you can't go any faster than that
le you'll get a ticket are you crazy
that's cheese you can't go too fast but
if you look right down there those are
the rings and I want to try the Rings
I've got to try the Rings that's like a
challenge this is I've been challenged
not really but I feel like I have them
so I'm gonna go do it are you ready go
for it
gosh I feel like since elementary school
you know wow you're doing great keep
that grip you're killing it what more
can you do it on the way back go for it
come on ah good job hey you made it all
the way there look at those muscles
Jackie oh he's like hey don't leave me I
want to try the swings that was really
fun and you have Jared go now ready I
I've been waiting for like I've seen so
many people do this I've been waiting to
do this for such a long I know I don't
fail miserably he won't he'll do great
you just feel like you're flying oh it's
so fun yeah
good job but Jackson is smiling go get
him I did it and let's have him do it
he's over there just smiling so vague
look how big he is smiling look at that
smile
can't grab it hold on to it
hold on to it good job next one
got it oh my god that one good design oh
oh that again hold on again well done
again he is so happy
that's a good boy ha you I'm playing the
sand yeah
is that fun yeah you want to hold on
again okay ready
here you going to D hold on hold on hold
on good job I feel like the people of
Santa Monica really take the quality of
their Beach very seriously I mean they
have freaking tractors smoothing out the
sand and all of this I'm sure this is
all city-funded stuff oh wow
are those are those the little rings and
those are the big ones is there a
difference
look you telling me there's there's
multiple rings those the ones are those
the ones that people are doing I don't
know I feel like they're the same
distance part but they're tiny let's try
them out I'm short people problems oh
that's
there we go
there's anyway check this for my mother
Inez dead I pointed to Jackson I don't
think there's any way I could do it I
know that's intense
uh I have I'd have to watch someone do
it let's go try a little of the Rinka
okay Jared this is the real deal I'm
already dead tired and sweating we'll
see how far I can get okay we'll watch
I love the flying feeling Jackson
totally wants to go on that now huh
monkey monkey monkey
this is hard guys have you guys done
this before cuz it really is so hard
awesome guy try it yeah I almost thought
this one was easier really maybe I was
just used to it I don't know higher oh
my god just kick Jackson haha here do
you want me to help you I'm gonna give
you a push you wanna start over no oh
I'm on he's like what the heck
sorry we had so much fun playing on the
sand this morning and we went and got a
nice little smoothie Jackson just - yeah
you think everything that drink related
his water
wha-wha-wha we decided that we kind of
have a busy day we're going to
fullscreen
and we're having lunch so we decided
that the rides were not open for Jackson
to play on they didn't open until later
in the day so we're gonna we're gonna do
some other stuff and hit that place up
tomorrow yeah so tomorrow is not very
busy George Todd we have a little lunch
meeting and then we're done in LA so
tomorrow we're gonna go ride the rides
when they're actually open so but
Jackson had a lot of fun swinging on the
swings
that is your eye he showed you his eye
twice today now and Calvin is just out
he's out
the kids are just starting to wake up
from their naps and I'm really anxious
to see if Jackson kept the pillow in his
crib last night I put a little pillow in
there cuz I was like oh maybe he will
like a pillow so it was kind of extra
hard from what he has at home
and we woke up this morning and he had
thrown it out taken so Jerry put it in
for now time to we'll just do that yes
it was just kind of fun we'll have to
see what he does in Calvin um we finally
were able to get him to sleep and I just
have been tried is that a good word
Jared tried with the whole reflux thing
um I feel bad I feel bad that Calvin
is in pain a lot babies that have reflux
normally don't sleep very well and
Kelvin does definitely doesn't sleep
very well but we finally were able to
get him down for a little nap and he
woke up and of course he's happy you are
the sweetest
you really are he's always so happy he
is how about it you know it's just like
he's just a happy happy but happy boy oh
but I do hate when he is you know you
can tell when he's fussy that it's
painful because he he gets really tight
in just the way his cry or sound is is
uh painful so I'm glad that he's happy
now but this reflux some days are hard
some days are not so hard and today I
think is a little hard for him I've been
using this cologne for quite some time
now and I'm just wondering if there's
another one that I should try okay yes
you're almost out yeah just a little bit
less that's why because you get Jackson
he always asks for Sun whenever I spray
he's like mmm mmm and I do you want some
yeah and then I say okay close your eyes
and he goes it's free right let's just
uh we should go look for some yeah what
suggestions do you guys have leave a
comment down below because I want to
smell really really good don't worry I
didn't forget you guys in the car maybe
I did I had to run back and go get it
okay are you ready for this meeting have
Epicor I pick up up up epic proportions
ready you ready okay let's go I want to
show this to you
I is that your I thought he loves his I
this is it
walking into fullscreen probably right
in through here huh these doors I think
right here if you guys didn't know we
are a part of full screen full screen as
a network and we are part of them and
this is so much nicer than where they
used to be something that I have noticed
about Jax in the past like few weeks is
he's better to stay around us where it
used to be where if I were to take him
out of the stroller he would be a big
loss and align it in like two seconds
he's been pretty good to stay within me
and she's so straight like a horse
Caitlin okay on your bottom good on your
bottom objection can you fold your arms
sit good job hold for two seconds anyway
he's been really good to just like stay
around us lately and I really do okay so
you all know that Jackson's favorite
toys a rock well guess what he even
found the rocks here at fullscreen they
are fake rocks look how cool those are I
think you guys I think they're having a
meeting I feel kind of bad so we'll get
out of their way soon but these are like
fake rocks the Frog pill he's loving
them Kate go show Dad
he's so happy oh my gosh that like him
oh is that a big rock oh okay go get
more give me another one I thought of
now they're having me right now over
there I feel bad
this is the biggest one - he thinks he's
good grab
you you want to get this one I'm get
this one oh this one's small
Oh Joe that's a big rock
Jax and I are having a quick pit stop
dance party in the dressing room wall
Kelly is speaking up baby why are you
standing right now yeah
I guess if it wants don't fix it you
know it's not broken don't fix Ally oh
oh what happened I missed it
are you having a good day today hi
where's your eye checks and where's your
eye yeah where's your nose where's your
mouth where's your ear where's your hair
where's your belly button I love you
dankus
if you let that dream connects it
what that works thing what is that le
what's that orange thing in there Oh
Jackson what are you doing in there oh
hey what are you doing in there
Mack Mack Mack Mack open please
hi Ellie and I just got back from an
awesome awesome business meeting slash
dinner oh we need to get some lights on
here let's flip these one time me and
Jackson probably was like the most well
behaved ever I was like so proud of him
the entire meeting don't you think Ellie
he is he's a good boy he is a good boy
it is like an hour past his bedtime or
he just did awesome this kid on the
other hand his that time he's around
this guy has been worked up today
haven't you buddy it's been kind of a
rough day but you're still happy you
happy Morgan they were lying
you said you are kids gosh dang it
stuffs fun we've trained them too well
oh my gosh that's fun okay we've got to
get these kids to bed and then Ellie
maybe we'll order some like dessert for
room service
wait room service for dessert order some
dessert with room service is what we'll
do summers from room service some sort
of combination of those words whatever
ends up over Pratt we will pay over
price dessert so we're at us were so we
just want dessert in our bellies anyway
we can get that we're gonna do it
Jackson hey Jackson Isaac he loves
playing it a little safe in there too
this is a little cubby I love it ah I
told him oh sleep on a bed early I know
I fell asleep we both fell asleep on Cal
and asleep tell me we're both less oh my
goodness but we are going to call it a
night where zonked out the cheesecake
and
screaming it's on its way up I'm going
to edit the video and Ellie and I are
going to catch some Z's because we've
got a there I not pooping on the toilet
but you're not pooping like that we've
got a very exciting meeting tomorrow
morning and I cannot wait it's with the
company that I think is awesome
will tell you more about tomorrow but
thank you guys for watching and we'll
see you guys tomorrow but and it was the
most overpriced cake we've ever
purchased but worth it it was worth like
good night hunters you take fire
