ladies and gentlemen boys and girls
we've got a great show for you today I'm
very excited about you know Jackson I'm
so glad you could be here the crowd goes
nuts when you're around alright Jackson
we have a few questions from the
audience today sometimes they just want
to hear you talk and hear the things
that you have to say so Jackson if you
wouldn't mind can you say mama oh that's
great can you say dad dad wait Jackson I
want you to say alright Jackson can you
say one more thing for me can you say
banana oh I don't think I quite got that
Jackson can you say banana is there
anything else that you want to end off
Jackson is there anything else you want
to say here baby out there ladies and
gentlemen that's all the time we have
for today thank you so much for tuning
in and we'll see you guys tomorrow can
you say bye bye
Jackson are you in the car ready to go
okay let's go let's get going
guys we are about to leave Brian and
Missy and we're gonna spend a lot of
time with other local Californians on
the freeway we're gonna spend a lot of
time in traffic is when you're on the
freeway use the fast track that's in
your car girl yeah I found out that we
have the fast track pass so we don't
have to deal with as much traffic
so yeah are you excited about that well
thanks guys we appreciate your
hospitality we love you we appreciate
you and rueful what bye
he's like he knows when we were saying
goodbye like what were you saying you
like a few days you want you want to
come back okay okay all right well if
you guys are okay with it
yeah we're out of it all right all right
let's go to LA good morning Starshine
the earth says hello guess what le huh
we're in Los Angeles California did you
know that well actually as far as
traffic goes
it was smooth as butter we had this
little fast-track little doodad thing
here it was rough for me because I was
up all night his comments I was like
you're like I'm gonna take a nap yeah we
actually shaved off 30 minutes on the
drive the original estimated time of
arrival was 1:45 and we've got 10
minutes left until we get there about
1:15 that's just how good I am Ellie
that's just how good Google Maps is
we're just you know yeah yeah Jackson
you tell him you tell him so we're
driving around here we're gonna see if
we can find some fun stuff and then
brain it won't be on the moms to you
Ally
are you ready for that I'm kind of
nervous are you yeah cuz I can't
my eyes we just pulled into maker
studios and Jackson and Winston I've
already become best friends they're just
sitting down reading a book together
Jackson we've got to read a book with
them got the movie club right here you
guys having fun watching a movie you're
so nice to share your chips thank you so
much Jackson is like the chip hog of the
day yes he is
Cavey just left Jackson's a little
watcher and look how cute that is
that's the mom's view room right through
there get that my girl Laird are you
excited are you little nervous I'm
honestly a little nervous
oh yeah seeing all these cameras right
here and then where we're gonna be it's
a really cool setup I'm pretty excited
we've had chat and hang out laughing
dishes oh yeah yeah kind of keep you on
your toes yeah we're really excited are
they gonna make you up I don't know
we'll see you probably not oh okay I
think we're ready to do is are you guys
ready I'm ready to rock and roll you
guys ready this is my spot right here
okay I'm the only guy and that's what we
were wondering how many guys have been
on the moms feel good three so four okay
so this first one first nail on the moms
do I can I can I can that mean you're
that good I just you know I know a
little bit about hair and makeup and
lactation and and what's the touring in
highlighting right prolactin that's a
good one all right guys we just finished
the episode of the moms view how'd it go
everyone
thank you so much for letting us be a
part of it it was so cool
can you say hi are you saying hi where's
the baby we're discussing where my baby
died it was a privilege holy cow they
let me I was on set like I was on the
show right when we ended they were lying
they came and got me they need you right
now like Calvin was going oh she was
crying so far he's doing good that's
funny
well they just told us that this the
episode of the moms view that we filmed
will probably be like the first part of
November so be sure to check it out when
it comes out and Jackson you've got
Doritos all over your mouth oh yeah
don't play ping pong let's go play ping
pong
being on the moms view it was so fun it
was it just thought I was hanging out
with friends it was Jackson did you have
fun with Jackson in Winston oh yeah
pretty Jackson had a lot of fun hanging
out with the boys I just I felt bad that
Calvin was so sad I think he was really
really tired and when when Calvin's
hungry he doesn't like flip out and
scream or anything I'm usually pretty
good to like just feed him but um he
when he gets tired he just really cries
and he was not having it but he's fed
and had a little cat now so he's happy
now you happy now my did I turtle baby
my dates a turtle baby hey Jared let's
go around and go you gotta find a place
ain't that right to eat around couch
should we tell him about the wreck oh my
gosh we were pulling right into our
hotel it was like right outside of the
hotel and there was these cars just like
parked and we saw how we needed even say
anything to each other yeah we saw it
happen but we didn't can we heard the
noise I should say but we knew it was
going to happen like it was yeah so the
bus dropped some people off and was
pulling out into the road so there's a
car here and the bus here no the bus
wasn't pulling out into the road the bus
was coming straight through the light
and how does the bus it stopped oh it
says and it was coming around this way
because I was like I was right here
going this way and I had to move over a
little bit yes
the bus came over here but didn't come
very long enough and clip the back part
of this really cool old-school truck and
just like pulled it out into the middle
of the intersection it was crazy
we've heard it happen did we hear it
happen
I'm proud to say that Jackson is 20
months old you go by months still
because they changed so fast but 20
months old and he has never said never
he says yeah so happy baby but wait wait
I have a great idea let's go down again
for it and then we go all okay okay
we're at the very top boy yeah ready
Jackson say one two three
and something that I like Jack that Jax
isn't saying lately is Jaret put him in
the stroller the other day it started
going fast and Jackson goes we leave but
it's like something fun and exciting
yeah ready
well it's uh great oh there we go
was it very excited we're just walking
around Santa Monica we found this little
mall right next to our hotel and we
found there's a restaurant out on the
pier at Santa Monica I feel like we're
right next to the ocean we might as well
get some ocean fine time to go down I
think that it'll be a nice walk on a
very hot day but it's gonna be a lot of
you're gonna wake up bright and early
and we're going to take jocks into the
Santa Monica Pier up here and do they
like the music right
yeah the amusement park that'll be a lot
of fun whenever we walk around and
there's like water around to like the
Wow would be someone to live here but I
wonder if people would think that when
they come to where we live you know like
where all these mountains like you know
and just live here there's the water
down there but we actually found this
place that had really good ratings it's
called
the lobster so we're going to go here
for dinner and then we're going to go
walk down look at the water look at the
big ferris wheel and all the cool things
and then the more
in the morning where it's not hot oh
that looks so cool and awesome and that
way Jackson everybody's well rested to
really play that'll be fun
shirts and shoes required gosh dang it
Jackson is the baby sleeping what are
you doing your baby sleep in
Jackson did not come anesthesia
that we've been able to look at for
dinner you can see the water all the
people walking around you're talking
about me seriously that is so fun we're
gonna walk all the way down there
tomorrow morning and gonna let Jackson
right on the road that looks so fun yeah
the water
you know the water today the mom's here
one of the things we talked about was
how your kids help you stay positive and
it's just everything they all do just so
many things about that helps you stay
positive
if you like butterfly kisses
are you given verify kisses to you like
that okay hey arms up
Oh wook at that oh girl you want to take
it back take it back we're sitting in
the bathroom
Jackson is asleep over here and Kelvin
is starting to fall asleep over here and
so we're just kind of sitting and
waiting until our kids fall asleep yeah
I think it's kinda fun to sit in the
bathroom and wait for him to fall asleep
I had a really great day with you today
I had an awesome day today was fun it
was fun it was fun to be on the moms
view
it was fun to walk around Santa Monica
it was fun just all around so thank you
guys so much for watching the video
today oh I want to say the mom's view
video will probably be out the very
first part of November or the very end
of October so we'll let you know yeah
we're super excited and we'll let you
know exactly when it comes out but thank
you so much for watching be sure to give
the video a big thumbs up I'm excited
for tomorrow that's gonna be awesome if
you haven't subscribe Oh tomorrow's
Apple day oh if they're announcing the
new iPhones tomorrow
well we'll see um thank you
by the time this video goes up they will
be announcing it as they're doing it
right now
so tell future cheered up with phones
awesome anyway
be sure to subscribe if you haven't
already and we'll see you tomorrow bye
