good morning guys I cannot tell you how
funny was this morning at 6:30 in the
morning
we gave Calvin a little bath and he
would not stop laughing oh you showing
off your car buddy do you want to go
right in the car do you want to go right
in the car Jackson yeah he just wants to
show off honestly
but this kid was laughing so much this
whole morning oh my gosh you are
freaking adorable
yeah we put him in the tub and he was
like uh-huh and they start laughing
really hard to be so cute just out of
the blue are you tickling him you just
yeah he's just laughing
you
just gonna follow these boys
herding cats
huh checks wants to jump to you just
play in this is seriously so cold to
have in the play area and always been
playing with them okay don't go down the
slide
come here come here come down the slide
yeah go
Oh lead you wanna go down the slide
Keiko sure so here's the little rental
car update I called them yesterday about
the whole infestation of ants issue and
they said yeah just go to your nearest
rental place and we'll switch it out for
you they should probably be able to give
you a free upgrade or you know take off
a day of your service or something like
that so I'm on my way right now to get
it switched out crossing my fingers I
should be there plenty of time they
close in about an hour so I'm hoping I
can get there before they close and
switch it out for something without ants
preferably okay car update number two so
I just left the rental place and they
actually because of the holiday weekend
didn't have any cars to switch me out
with I was a little bummed at first but
then they said they actually have some
spray that they can put in the car to
help get rid of the ants so I was like
okay let's just do that and if it gets
ready worse than we can come back
tomorrow or go to a different place
where there's a bigger selection but
that's the update same car sprayed
hopefully no more bugs crossing our
fingers
well I'm sorry Missy I just was a little
excited I'm already ready for the pool
and you're picking up toys because okay
um Missy's like or I was like the kids
are down let's run in the pool for a
second and I'm like you already might
get it ready to go but I just threw my
hair is been really dry since I had a
colored and postpartum and all that so I
just threw a bunch of conditioner in the
ends and
put it up so then tonight when I wash it
I'll shampoo and condition it but I'll
have like a little treatment because
there's conditioner that's like and my
hair sucking up so and you made the kids
aren't asleep and knowing Calvin he will
be up in two seconds and I'll have to
get up but hopefully he'll sleep a
little bit we've got a FaceTime going so
I can hear if you cry so we're to go
take a little dip all the joys of being
a mom when your kids are not being as
seriously is the Sun like the Sun is
right if you're the trees and it is just
like shining down on us it feels so good
they made the pool a hair warmer because
we cannot handle our I do not like
getting in a pool no this is how I like
it
this is what work yes this is what I
like that it's comfortable I'm not
chilly at all so well it feels good
there's a little seat here we're gonna
hop up on this edge the sun is shining
down so I'm gonna close my eyes and I'm
just gonna like we're not even gonna
talk we actually when we mister together
sometimes we don't talk when we take we
talk all the time
it's just yessiree this is it and when
like the kids are quiet and stuff so
we're just going to sit here and kick up
nice cute little toesies up and not talk
and enjoy the Sun that's what we're
gonna do my mommy
instincts are always right I knew it I
knew the moment iconic cover would wake
up but this is pretty amazing too
his butt is wet this is the first time
he's been in a pool and he has his
clothes on and he's halfway but he
doesn't seem to mind he's just laying on
me having a grand ol time to pick McCool
he holds it he's like so relaxed on me
little man
oh it was over there in the water yeah
coffee table please
are you happy yeah this is amazing I
remember watching your video with you I
think you were like breastfeeding or
just holding Holly uncool and I was like
I'm so so fun and I love taking baths
with the kids like you see look how
relaxed he is over the phone mommy'll
get out and then I'll get you out - yeah
I had a him for coming in this week he
did he's doing good yeah Jackson's you
have fun oh my goodness
eating at the pool just loud like yeah
don't you need to wait 30 minutes before
having Matt Jackson number
this is awesome how you do it
check and say no no no no no no no no
splash splash splash splash splash
splash splash
my buddy hi Calvin
hi you chewing on your hand yeah you
have the good time chewing on your hand
so Brian and I just got back from Target
and Ellie you know what you know what
going to target with Brian made me think
of well what well drilling and I wish we
had a target in Logan I wish we had a
target where we live because I was
awesome it was just like oh wow yeah
whatever you need they've got it right
there Jackson yeah one two three so
these guys are just having a good time
at the pool and we're getting ready
because we're gonna have a big grill out
tonight it's gonna be a lot of fun and
I'm excited to eat though good mood
Billy I don't think you've ever looked
more relaxed in your entire life than
right now tell me are you the more
relaxed in any moment in your entire
life right now
traveling
mm-hmm good because it's about to change
just kidding or am i what are they doing
is there is it possible that I think we
both just got more attractive to our men
Jarett well this has turned into quite
the party hasn't it
we've got Missy's family we've got
Brian's sister what's up guys you having
fun Jackson are you having fun over
there don't worry I'm gonna be coming to
join you over in that bow
yeah there's water in there huh oh my
goodness this is about to be the cutest
thing you guys have ever seen ever
I love you
bad
yeah he's lat he's loving it
smile with all these toys yes
Jackson found the rocks and is playing
with rocks that's his favorite and then
in the pool
there was only one I'm still having a
lot of fun well the party was good start
and then Jimmy left so now you're by
yourself
I had fun ones I have to say huge
freaking kudos to this man right here
Brian freakin landing me we have a huge
Labor Day feast featuring ribs steak
chicken other chicken fries macaroni and
cheese le no oh my gosh we've got family
here Jackson are you ready to eat this
he's like look and he's like Oh what's
what's the good smell over here I can't
wait Brian thank you so much for
inviting us in your home and having this
Labor Day feast suit my pleasure he
labored well that's the truth Brian
labored while we just kind of hung out
and talked he was in the kitchen he was
at the grill back to the kitchen back to
the grill into the bathroom a little bit
back to the kitchen I cut the ribs
that's all I did so thank you Brian it
was very cool to do this so I'm going to
eat
Jackson you're getting a little
overzealous there okay climbing on the
table I'm sure my friends
everyone's eating from these kids are
playing oh I wanted rib 959 more that is
not nice
I'm probably the worst monopoly player
those people is fine you can have the
product okay I'll take it Jackson go sit
next to ollie go sit next to Ali woody
go get buzz where do you go sit next to
buzz listen Jackson hey hey Jackson put
your arm around ollie
can you put your arm around ollie DXE
give all your hug
yeah all I give Jackson how can you give
Jackson a hug
we'll give you a cookie if you get back
it's like hurting dad say goodnight say
goodnight give each other a hug he's
like okay I want my chip now I did I
want my chin how Q are these Danza
they're so cute
well I think that is pretty crazy I
think it's the first time that I've ever
actually finished a monopoly game let
alone one the Monopoly game ladies and
gentlemen I am the winner but actually I
think in all reality the bankers the
winner yeah seriously it's corrupt it is
this is a corrupt game guys it's a
corrupt system anyway that's the vlog
today guys thank you so much for
watching we are gonna get some ice cream
and we're gonna hang out in the hot tub
be sure to check out Brian and Missy and
I must you I'm give you on the month oh
it's gonna be so excited very excited ok
we'll see you tomorrow bye
