good morning from California yes that's
right penis yesterday you have to say
from sunny Southern California that's
right we're in California if you missed
yesterday's video Ellie and I made the
venture to California we have some cool
stuff going on in Los Angeles but first
we thought we'd hang out with Brian and
the kids the girls are out doing some
fun stuff and Brian and I said you know
what these kids need to go out they need
to play they need to have some adventure
so that's what we're doing guys are you
excited for today yeah
when I was a kid
playgrounds were made out of wood how
about you Brian
what yeah wood um I wasn't born in the
Stone Age my I feel like girls look like
that but we didn't so wood and the
slides were like metal so what you had
to worry about were slivers and like
burns cuz you it would get so hot on the
middle but these actually don't seem to
be too bad I think our kids have it a
lot better than we did back in the days
huh well at least me I guess
I was born in the Stone Age you don't
use a chisel and stone when they're in
school right Brian back in my day I used
to have the strength of 10 men did you
know that Ted ten men in fact with one
of these poles I could hold myself
straight out I'm and I'm gonna embarrass
myself right now but I'm gonna try it I
mean like I used to be able to just hold
myself like oh there's called the
flagpole because you look like a
flagpole yeah yeah I think yeah okay
change it like that ya know I'm gonna
probably embarrass myself Wow here my
ribs pop I did let's try it again
that's pretty good though dude I used to
be able to do that just like with all my
pole vaulting days I used to hold myself
straight out like that boy he's gonna
try it can you do it Jackson oh my
goodness Wow my gosh checks and I think
you're going the wrong way on the slide
there you go he goes against the flow do
you go against the flow Jackson do you
go against the flow all right traveling
in style do it you havin fun jacks yeah
that was a little questionable aren't
wasn't it
Holly are you having fun here this thing
buddy got responsibility now of course
you would be on the top of the car hunt
Jackson you're just a crazy one aren't
ya he's like oh I was of water so we've
got a little bit of a situation here I
just got off the phone with Ellie and
she told me Jared there are more ants in
the car now you're probably wondering
and so what are you been talking about
well yesterday oh wait Brian could you
turn on the music please I'm trying to
tell very important story here anyway we
were driving from the airport to Brian
and Missy's house and we stopped
somewhere I think just had a red light
Ellie was in the backseat with the kids
and she was like Jared there's an ant on
Calvin's head and she kind of just
brushed it off and we're like oh that's
that's no big deal you know it's fine
but then we started noticing more and
more ants we found him crawling across a
dashboard in fact Brian yeah I was in
your car for like ten minutes
I had it crawling all over me yeah but
there are ants everywhere in our rental
car and so we called them and we're like
hey there's a lot of ants you know it's
something you gotta watch out when
you've got like an infant in the car
seat and everything sure Jackson ate
like he probably had a few to eat none
but that's good protein when Jared found
out that we are going to betray to come
yeah yeah I said the one thing that I'm
requesting the one thing other than
being personable other than being social
is Freebirds we came last time and it
was so yummy oh he likes to eat rice
that's awesome and anyway little burrito
I love that and Jackson goes Oh
quesadilla and I think Utah has a
Freebirds in Salt Lake yeah I think so
or something like that but we've never
been in Utah so anyway week the candy
California so I could get free breads
it's an awesome great uh place and
Jackson's doing good eating his little
quesadilla
we got the chips out I was worried about
the quesadillas because those are so
good for kids like oh yes No so here's a
question free birds or to propose I
drove ended chipotle hands down they
have way better steak and they know how
to wrap a burrito so you're not eating a
mouthful of sour cream so we know yeah
well yeah I do not like leave it in the
comments member yeah let battle down
below Freebird surge Cola is a bottle hi
hi hi guys hey guys hey you pretty happy
are you pretty happy say hi see what's
up what's up guys I'm so happy
what's up what's up high five high five
ahh we have to look out I'm a summery
nice not to look at someone for you give
my five say high five ahh
right here I got it right here high five
holy cow I have no idea what hit me
I just was like I was out like a light
Ellie and I were upstairs in our room
Ellie was breastfeeding and I was just
sitting there chatting and everything
the next thing I knew boom out and I
just have like the water scream yeah we
are having fun huh I just had the
weirdest dream you know Ollie has this
all these really cool toys like he has
Buzz and Woody and all these minions and
everything and I just had this like
weird dream that I was just like
surrounded by all of these different
minions all over the place and it was
just like the weirdest dream ever it was
so crazy I don't I can't explain it but
now that we're awake we're gonna go have
some fun are we gonna have fun Jackson
are we gonna have so
fun aa-are you can have fun with mr.
Potato Head
I heard is that what Potato Head says oh
don't worry I'm gonna pack your angry
eyes yeah it was funny we were thinking
the same exact thing we both met it's
not too often that we get to sit next to
each other in the car and just like hold
hands and cut my leg around just you
it's just so fun look I'd like Dave your
are your chauffeurs needed to driver
we're not gonna be drinking don't worry
there are chauffeurs right yeah you're
gonna be showing us the town right
something like that we're on our way to
the pier we all made it to Oceanside
we're gonna walk down the pier and have
dinner
little Kelvin all precious I can't even
see him I can't see him in my viewfinder
there's Kelvin he's been to three
different states and he is three months
old it's kind of funny just fun Jackson
having fun we grew up or I grew up with
the mountain so I love hearing the ocean
I think this is one of my favorite
things just like listening to I just
think it's a wonderful and this feels so
good on my car I love his red than
anything if I wasn't holding Calvin
right now I would run into the ocean I
love this
I love this Paul
nothing like Florida but still feels
amazing nothing alone it's coral it's
called
there's baby a big one up it feels good
but it feels amazing Jackson doesn't
like it he doesn't like the way
it feels amazing what wah-wah-wah-wah
Jackson Lux it looks look at mom you
don't have to go in look let's go okay
while he's saying all done we'll be all
done
Jackson where's the water where's the
water
good yeah Wawa
it's beautiful come on Jackson I'll get
you III go you didn't even make it to me
come on was that fun who is everyone was
that fun for a long time Ellie has
always wanted to try coconut water real
coconut water so we found a little stand
and we're gonna try it Ellie
are you excited to try coconut water
okay give it a quick taste oh it's even
cool I'm like halt oh that's awesome
they're really cool I like it is it good
really awesome jacket
this is so fun I have a fresh coconut
water Missy has a fresh lemonade you're
a trooper girl brides pushin her this is
like a 45-degree Hill this is amazing
Calvin I don't even know if you could
see but he has all his fingers in his
mouth he just spit up all over us well
we made it to the pier for up here we're
gonna walk all the way down and have
dinner rum pum rum pum rum pum pum pum
pum pum something burnt and sometimes I
don't and pants anthem right are you
okay oh my gosh not even know what you
were doing I am sorry
darn it Oh Quincy honest I am so sorry
Brian would you accept this rose from
Paris
learn smile thank you very much see -
they bye bye Jackson
don't you wish you could capture a
memory forever and I'm not talking just
about like the footage but the emotions
the smells who you're with just
everything I wish we could like take a
memory and bottle it up and just keep it
because I feel like right now we're
going through some of these memories and
experiences I never want to forget every
detail about it and it makes me grateful
for why we do the vlogging and
everything because we get to we get to
capture a part of it and that's the
thing is like this is just a small part
of it
but it makes me grateful that we do just
that one part but there's so many things
that are go into addition of this you
know there's so many fun things that
people don't get to see and experience I
mean there's so many other things around
the feeling of the sand between your
toes the smell of the ocean air the
sound of the waves crashing the beauty
of the scenery the the close bond just
everything that is what we're going for
right now I'm just so grateful for and I
wish I could just bottle it up forever
and open up that bottle in ten years and
just say do you remember this like happy
you know open this bottle with me and
just smell the memory I wish we could
bottle of memories and smell them and
everything yeah it's just it's it's
different than what I want you know I
wish there was more to this that we
could you know capture you know and I
just wish we could remember these
moments forever because they mean so
much to us you know they're they're
memories that we'll never want to forget
after a very long fun-filled eventful
day with friends it is time to say good
night
thank goodness for friends that you feel
so comfortable around that you can say
anything - even though I'm saying this
for how a sense of people to see but you
guys get it and I literally had
irritable bowel Ryan had to pull the car
over so I could run to the bathroom
there was an amazing day ending what's
so crappy better I like them um yeah
that was kind of crazy but all of our
babies are in bed it's time to wash our
faces and go to bed and the boys are
going to edit so thank you guys so much
for watching and we will see you
tomorrow
feel free to subscribe if you would like
and a course to our friends Brian and
Missy we will see you tomorrow
hi
