this is all I want no I only want to get
in read between the lines jump right in
early
this entire morning I was freaking out
because we've got two of our bags here
and I just knew one of them I was like
this has got this has got to be over 50
pounds but you feel like you win the
lottery when you hit it right on the
money
Elliot's gonna be a good day it's gonna
be a good day
Ellie I said it earlier but I'm gonna
say it again the heavens are shining
down upon us today look how short that
security line is is it incredible look
at this you walk right up to it Ellie
this is amazing this is like this is
like we're using cheat codes to get on
the airport we came really we came
earlier by saying that moms rather than
what we usually yeah stay at a hotel
across the street this is the first time
I've ever been in the airport where it's
gone so smoothly so quickly without I
got her errors yeah seriously we came
here like two and a half hours early and
it only took five minutes to get through
everything but it's also the very first
time where my seats have not been
assigned before getting to the gate
Delta you always have your seeds before
you get on the plane and they said yeah
that can vary depending on the amount of
C's that they have left or if all of the
seats were you know an infant is going
to sit have been taken or if it's like
an emergency row they won't assign you a
seat so they can rearrange it at the
gate so I'm hoping we get some good
seats I hope we get seats together
that's what I'm hoping
I'm hope stuff so apparently there's a
famous soccer player here something like
that you guys don't have to tell me you
know it comes
that is
please take a moment serve us thank you
freeze your partner's epoch in chocolate
complete our final 30 checks please let
us know if you have any questions I'll
do everything we can sir ensure you have
a safe and enjoyable flight thank you
and welcome on board here our
anonymously
well if you wanna guessed already we
came all the way to California just so
Jerrica Thaksin haircut
yes his haircut hi Travis
um we I did not want to cut Jared's hair
I like Ryan hurt and always that you
good a lot of probably gonna be big
meetings coming up yeah yes and so I
didn't have Jerry Casper friend I'm a
lot and maybe a little bit typically
work for me to go back home and cut
there so that's good heading going what
did you just tell him and I'm cheating
on my wife because what I'm doing I'm
getting a haircut by someone else I
haven't had a share cut from someone and
someone different in six years sounds
crazy
yes we are here we came to California
actually to visit and say hi things
pretty busy dolly look it up is so cute
Jarrod your hair looks amazing look
pretty good Alif sugar is like shark I
learned a few things so we got we got we
got don't we got my hair cut done so
we're good to go we can go home we have
a few meetings in LA and I was invited
to film the moms you I'm so excited so
we can't exactly right yeah so we came
we're gonna visit our friends we're
going to take a few days in LA and then
we're gonna come back and then play a
little bit longer but first Jackson has
a gift for ollie
oh she turned red so you go give that
thali cooking it to Ollie
see see happy birthday don't give it to
ollie say happy late birthday go give it
to always I leave with a cogwheel
I'll see ya sit on your bottom buddy
Cinnabon my Jax is excited to maybe the
house he's soaked what is it what is it
buddy okay okay open that you'll get
Jack food he said please harmonica Wow
I hope that you don't hate nice buddy
hey let's see if you want to see how it
works
blow right there okay it's got yeah it's
got plastic on it that's okay
did you watch this oh I try the other
side there you go you can try not to
smile too big the hard good choice on me
thank you
Oh Jackson well thank you yeah love it
thank you guys you're welcome you give
this Jax is just as happy to play the
box that is so cool he's got the biggest
I know score for me actually Jackson
Ellie definitely missed out the last
time we were here so Ellie it's all
yours
well I told you I said I just might
comment so see you later let's do it
let's go swim this is all I want no I
only want to get in read between the
lines jump right in early you gotta go
in Ellie's ha ha ha I love you so much I
knew she wouldn't get in all the way so
there was only one way to do it
Jackson are you ready what do I owe you
Ellie
here okay you know that's just fine I
was planning on you guys you girls going
to get one anyway I honestly feel kind
of bad but I feel like it had to be done
to tell you the truth when we came I was
thinking I'm so excited to go the flying
boat jumping on my clothes on I was
gonna do if they were to run me to get
your hair done so yeah okay so it was oh
it was okay like that was that was a
good thing oh I do feel bad but it's fun
now it's kind of fun to do that every
once in a while I know what I just told
you and I said George accident like make
it guess I got it all the time you
picked up and threw me in oh good job
good job
oops there you go Jackson you're king of
the pool hey new thing for my house when
you buy one I think we should get
approval oh for sure
well Calvin we need to get you in the
pool now huh what do you think would
that be fun oh you're such a sweetheart
since Ellie didn't get to go swimming
last time I'm kind of letting her go
swim I'm watching Calvin kind of keeping
an eye on Jackson just so she can have a
little fun Brian is upstairs getting
only ready for bed all of our kids are
in bed the girls are chatting I've got
I've got super smash bros ready and
Missy's special cookies are in the oven
it's gonna be a good night something
that I have been looking forward to is I
have been excited to have one of Missy's
chocolate chip cookies oh yeah so thank
you so much for making them look amazing
and I and Jared's like I can get you
some water it was like because I'm
trying not to eat too much dairy even
though I have so much of something but
I'm trying not to drink too much like
dairy and stuff you know and chocolate
but um they have almond milk yeah yeah I
just happen to have almond milk how's
the taste I've never had it before
actually I don't like how thin it is cuz
I usually like like thick no oh yes so
when it tastes really good here's a
question um soy milk
how do we know soy milk isn't just
Spanish milk just trying to introduce it
no I think I tweeted out loud no but
honestly thank you guys for letting us
stay here we have a bunch of awesome
stuff going on in LA this week and we're
very excited Ellie and I are going to be
on the moms view this week and we've got
some uh-huh
yeah we have we both are I mean the
first nail to be on the hog yeah I don't
know Hollis I didn't get to go and Missy
was on it
yeah I do and you guys don't know what
they kind of give you that soft grid up
your loins a little bit support you a
little bit in all the right places
yeah okay anyway we've got some cool
stuff in LA so thank you guys for
letting us stay here and we will see you
guys tomorrow
all right so long oh good sweet little
nutty um it's probably either my breast
milk it's not bad is it good it is very
nutty it's not very nice it's definitely
like almond E okay I can Soloman on
anyway thanks for watching guys we'll
see you tomorrow bye
so almond milk is literally just almonds
yeah they juice almonds they are the
hardest things in the planet how do you
use it often it's got an even tiny
animal like a genie to can milk anything
with nipples
seriously almond how do they make the
milk out of those hard nuts how do they
do it
Oh explain when you're older
