Oh doctor you're doing
hi Jackson good morning yeah
yeah your blanket uh-huh in your book
I'm proud of you for not getting out of
your crib good job
we kind of had a little struggle keeping
them in for us now today come here ah
but you did really good let's put your
binky away I fit there
say bye bye bye see it nap time
I guess bedtime ha ha we started a late
morning yes good morning guys or good
afternoon I should say we Calvin's kind
of sad we gotta cuz he doesn't want to
be left alone baby Jackson has been
holding him all morning I guess not I'm
worried but we were upstairs and he like
insisted that you told him he was loving
it but we've had a morning of getting
ready and we haven't even picked up the
camera this is like one of the first
times that we were alike we haven't
filmed play the piano Jackson I am very
upset with you Ellie
what I'm very excited I told her that I
would vacuum out the car and lo and
behold I go outside the car is already
done I am very upset with you because
that was my job that was my shop-vac
that I put together you know my vacuum
you bought it for me for me but this
morning at Jackson and I are off Calvin
took his first step I've been trying to
get a schedule in the mornings and so I
kind of haven't really film much in the
mornings because I'm like trying to
focus on on the kids and stuff but
boring Calvin's first no Jackson I
really they're going to walk or lately I
I will have him play with his toys or
I've been breaking out the piano a
little bit lately today we are playing
roll your hands
then head shoulders knees and toes we
were playing yesterday you were playing
if you're happy and you know it clap
your hands
now he's ready for lunch he's not happy
so you didn't clap his hands but what we
have been doing so let's get started
with our day with anybody else suffer
with allergies I never really suffered
with allergies until I certainly does
until like the past or two years maybe I
know I know I just sat here and I just
felt snot to bring out of my nose what
about you know it's funny we've been in
the car for about an hour and that's the
first time Jackson said anything right
when you pulled out the camera I think
he knows I think he knows when we pulled
the camera to like say hi there make an
explanation of sound like you know like
hi hey look at me he really does Jordan
I've been talking and he's been quiet
I'm honest I've never really had
allergies before in my life I've never
really suffered from that like pollen or
grass or anything like that I've never
been allergic to anything either I know
can you get allergic to something when
you're older yes over time yeah I've
heard so I've heard a lot of women get
out geez woof I heard a lot of women get
allergies after they have their kids
like after kids them are my wishes
because you're older you know you get
older I don't know
so my head pounding my nose is running
my eyes are tired my throat is scratchy
so we're here at Ellie's mom and dad's
house and Jackson is just loving it he's
playing having a great time if you guys
remember last time we were here just
whoa gosh two days ago Jackson found two
potatoes where grandma keeps her
potatoes and had those potatoes yeah do
you have your potato yeah well he had
those two potatoes but I think he hid a
potato in grandma's house and he had one
in this cabinet he just opened it up
grabbed it from I think right there and
look where did you get that potato okay
you had a hiding spot little cabinet
uh-huh
what would you put in there that was my
hiding spot that was Ellie snacks that
everyone just knew to leave it alone
oh so it wasn't it wasn't too much of a
secret it was just like that's mine
please don't touch it yeah yeah yeah
well Jackson has a potato stash
somewhere in grandma's house Jackson
Jackson go pick up a peach I actually
grabbed that peach and put it in the
back
let's help grandma oh it's pretty gross
stroke maybe if they were apples it
might be a little better okay put it in
the bag you put it in the bag yeah
Calvin has had a rough rough day today I
just I've been holding him like this and
I kind of look to out his tummy he has
lots of gas today for some reason I'm
trying to think what am i gasps ooh what
have I changed
foods in been a little gassy and has it
been all that happy today wipe your
hands
put it in the bag that's not even good
for Jam I can't believe I haven't been
vlogging this this is just so good that
I didn't even think about it the best
I've had all summer and we need any salt
yeah well no no normal person would
would do that but kidding so we are
having breakfast for dinner thanks to
chef dad over here and Jackson is dinner
good look how uncle Steve thank you very
much yeah oh man this is just so good
forgot because it literally good to
where you're just like I'm just eating
this eventually you know when you have a
good dinner is no matter like talking
you know everyone's just eating that's
how you know you have a good meal and
you know you're vlogging when Jackson
actually starts talking he's like if you
can talk to the camera you can pay
attention to me I'm gonna meet you I'm
gonna get you wait wait checks checks
wait you just step stop thinking you're
grabbing do you literally just like runs
up here stand-up will show us what we're
doing grandma probably cringes when I do
this but okay
oh the pillows they're just end up ready
stand up
that's what you're doing okay ready what
Jackson where's the back where's the
duck oh why is the jack up there but why
are you dick duck you can't see the
Ducks
I like boom boom boom right there yeah
this is the Ducks up there cuz you're
down here coming down cuz that duck will
have no head if you get hold of it
Ellie do you see that Jamba Juice right
there yes you see that place that was
like our very first like semi kind of
date that we went on do you remember
that yes peak star all the way no no no
no no no no strawberries dreaming why
did I date you if you got strawberry
dreamin who's with me
strawberries dreaming in the comment
below what is your favorite Jamba Juice
drink battery is watching oh great
well I feel like I'm missing out a
little bit because everybody is eating
peach shakes Oh yummy yummy yummy but
I'm really not missing out that much
because I have some Twizzlers mmm here's
another question I have a lot of
questions we've done the salami now
that's a lot but I want to know are you
guys read minds or Twizzlers Ellie's
parents are Twizzlers I grew up
Twizzlers but you've converted me to
advise we're a red line family Miss
Julie was here
Julie we only got one piece milkshake
out the whole season now your peach
trees didn't do very well well that is
the video for today thank you guys so
much for watching and we will see you
tomorrow
you know it would be fun if we went with
: Keiko each house I call it the beach
house calling texted me said hey we're
going to the beach house something that
would be so fun to go to the beach out
loud maybe we'll go in then see you mom
bye
just cuz I like Red Vines doesn't mean
cousins are bad
