hi hey you pee in your hand you a in
your hand
stop me in your hand hey I have a
question do I look goofy
I draw the goofy by the goofy yes you
look so hos goofy
let's put your pinky away oh you put it
away hey shut up he knows if he cuddles
you're smart okay put it away take it
out look they see it out time baby look
they see it that time okay
you can either play it oh good morning
guys we have had a fun oh hi we took a
bubble bath say bubble bubble hold and
we took a bowl of that and I finally got
Calvin to sleep to take his nap and
Jared went to a appointment a tax guy
and so we are just hanging out here
Jackson put his binky away til nap time
of course you have your blanket we're
getting ready and guess what this mama
is gonna do her makeup really good today
and I am going to go get my hair done
and I'm so excited because it's gonna
feel really good I could go get spruced
up oh hey are you - so you why does this
make my heart melt so much are you
wiping your snot on my arm all I am to
you Jackson is that all I am to you I'm
just a Kleenex am I just
you don't know he's doing oh look I know
you're both wearing a and J not be
presentable gotta be presentable
like we're both wearing in J today might
check some more twins look right here
and look right here yeah yeah yes not
all of it yeah
Jackson is upstairs taking a nap and
Calvin is right here all this guy's the
cutest every oh my gosh oh oh we gotta
be so careful can't wake him up um Ellie
and Calvin are gonna go out and run a
few errands to get ready for this
weekend and Jackson's asleep upstairs I
already said that
that's not important but what is
important is the thing that I'm going to
do next
um I have a question and something
that's kind of been going on with us in
the car so Jackson is a little toddler
and he loves to have like crackers and
snacks and stuff wherever he goes he's
always asking for something to eat and
we he loves animal crackers and we give
him some stuff in the car and it always
ends up that there's crumbs underneath
like his car seat in between the little
cushions in the car seat and so to kind
of help with that to clean we got a shop
vac to kind of vacuum out the car on the
garage and kind of do like some more
heavier duty stuff than a vacuum would
normally do and so I'm going to set that
up later today but my question is do you
guys let your kids eat in the car all
right my postpartum hair definitely is a
falling out and I cannot wait to get it
trimmed and spruced up a little bit so
here it looks before huh
Jackson I'm so glad you're already have
a lot of very important is so cute
yeah yeah is that your blankie B Jax I'm
glad you're awake because we have a lot
of very important stuff to you are you
ready what okay let's go okay Jackson
the goal of the day is to get this shot
back put together do you think you can
help me out yeah you think you can good
cuz I'm gonna need your help we've got
some tools over there you got to get
this bad boy put together so we can
clean up the garage in the car what do
you say yeah say car
hi hey you pee in your hand you lay in
your hand stop me in your hand hey I
have a question do I look goofy draw the
goofy find a goofy yes
you look so hos goofy look so goofy
you are so goofy are you ready to do
this
high-five yeah
okay I'm pretty sure I got the shot back
all put together the way it's supposed
to there are four screws left over I'm
not sure where they're supposed to go
they don't mention screws anywhere in
the manual so let's hope let's hope this
doesn't just fall apart one two it's
very sucky
oh can you name that movie well oh my
goodness we've got a whole room full of
cousins don't we what's up guys hi how
are you Jackson can you give your cousin
Eva hug is that your car seat okay
guys are we have some fun today are you
guys gonna have some fun today yeah
you're gonna have some fun Jackson I
think Chad and I we should probably I
don't know maybe play at least one video
game while you're here what do you think
probably we should probably check that
off our list at least once right a
little bucket list while we're here at
Uncle Jared's house we're gonna have
some fun right guys who's ready to party
yeah Russell Jackson look at this do you
guys see that on the door what is that
Oh what haha a grasshopper that's right
that's a big grasshopper huh
Jackson do you see that do you see that
buddy handle the grasshopper oh look he
was just waving always waving again kind
of hmm what do you think of that what do
you think is out is that grasshopper can
you say grasshopper good job
yeah that's fun and exciting oh my
goodness there's cousins everywhere now
oh my goodness hey bud right guys
there's a lot of cousins are there how
many do we have follow us 17 we need to
get a bigger place if we're gonna do
this kids are playing a little Super
Smash Bros we've got a little audience
here little audience participation
rooting on the team who's gonna win
Jackson yeah and Ellie's about to walk
in the door and we have everyone who's
gonna sit on the couch and pretend like
they're asleep because aunt Lee Hailey's
gonna walk in and she's not gonna know
what's going on so everyone's gonna say
and pretend like they're asleep
okay let's put up the camera let's up
we're making about the camera so I just
got back from doing my hair and guess
that everyone's asleep but Jackson do
you guys do in good morning you
pretended you were it's me hi you tired
you must have fell asleep how are you
guys
funny well guys that is it for tonight
and we're gonna go ahead and say goodbye
until tomorrow bye early what never got
a chance to tell you that I really like
your hair
thank you and I oh that's great I do
like it and it looks good thank you very
much it does look good she she wants to
the very good natural well that's gonna
be it from us thanks for watching guys
and we'll see you woman nah nah
minimally Boyka
every patrol
