Jackson can you blow your nose good job
ain't got that I figured I would give
Jackson a handkerchief so that he could
go around and blows nose because his
nose is a runny faucet and I thought
those the kids thing ever
let's start our day
today's a very exciting day Ellie do you
know why today is a very exciting day
because we are going to Grandma's and we
are going to be yes Ellie and I have
been asked to speak at the Utah
youtubers meetup every month they have a
meet-up where they have someone speak
and they have asked us to speak so Ellie
and I are making our way down making our
way downtown walking fast faces pass and
I'm home bamboo did a little didn't even
knew I had to do that we are gonna be
driving down to Grandma's hanging out
with Grandma and Grandpa for a little
bit and then we're gonna go speak at
this awesome thing I feel privileged and
honored to be able to have this
opportunity to speak those who were
willing
Jackson Jackson go put the potatoes back
go put them back go put them away
potatoes are those Jackson learned a
word from Boston the other day
mine look he's actually doing it though
good job put the potatoes away no Stacy
those are grand lies she's letting you
use them can we put him away are yours I
thought those were grandma's okay well
he's just talking around with that
that's his toy at Grandma's house he has
two potatoes I guess well I just
finished preparing all of my notes for
the presentation tonight and thank you
mom for watching Jackson
don't fall back asleep he will he's got
to come with us though so we're gonna
get in the car and Jackson is anxiously
waiting for Grandma to go get him like
what happened before before we love
Jackson with the mom for a little bit
but it is only three o'clock and both
kids have blowouts at Grandma's and both
kids
pajamas to wear their jammies well and
it wasn't even just like a normal
blowout like Jackson's it was like a
massive downpour of food I think yeah I
have a diaper yeah he's like was he even
wearing a diaper I taught him how to say
poo poo yesterday and he really took it
as like okay this is the goal
CooCoo and he did just that he food
everywhere Kelvin is like oh yeah I see
it right coming out like hey good thing
we brought Gemma's that's all week so
thanks Ellie's mom for watching Jackson
I am excited about today though I like
we were saying earlier it is very
humbling that people want to hear from
us and ask us to talk about this because
it is something that we love and do
enjoy I'm just you know it's I never
thought like people would want that so I
think it's very cool that we were able
to to talk with some people all around
how much we love doing here because this
is the highest close to the guys how are
ya dude yeah Paula you dodged it you
dodged it you're so quick my fortune
says efforts and courage are not enough
purpose and direction and you did you
hear that today good very good
my mind says devotion is worth the
effort at this time no Jackson's Oh Jax
Jax's says keep true to the dreams of
your youth ooh there you go never let go
of those dreams minds because of your
melodic nature the moonlight never
misses an appointment in between the
sheets encourage me and I will never
forget you oh that's good cool well
there you have it those are our fortunes
of the day that's me we always stay true
to them especially in the moonlight you
playing grandpa's treehouse okay climb
on up yeah it's a long way down
yeah did you hear that car horn honking
well we just arrived to the venue to do
our little presentation and there's this
awesome little park and I feel bad that
this is like during Jackson's bedtime
but she would love to play over there
in fact Ellie can we go play over there
I think that'd be just gonna do that I
think it might calm my nerves a little
bit I'm getting kind of nervous I've
started to shake a little bit getting a
little butterflies
I think that's normal I think that's
good to have a little butterflies to
keep you on your toes keep you on edge a
little bit what do you think Ellie are
you getting nervous no because I always
put my my worries on your soul
and wants to play on the trampoline so
here we are playing on a trampoline I
have a microphone and I'm not afraid to
use it do it you're generly err and see
if they'll smile again okay was he
smiling as my beatbox and loving son
right there so the event is about to
start I just think it's cool to see all
of these people connecting and
networking and coming together because
of YouTube and I think that's just so
cool to see
these people come together and it's
awesome that we have such a great
community and that's kind of what this
whole YouTube thing is it's about
communities about people coming together
for a unified so this is awesome I think
it's great look there's Ellie hi Alan
absolutely right so you have to be a
Jarrett's presentation because I'll be
asking you questions from it all right
so let's get started
Josh introduce who is presenting today
okay now you wants to swing so here we
are swinging you smiling you having a
good time they've inspired thousands if
not millions of people at this point is
so we're excited to hear from them
tonight so without further ado we hold
very very highly in what we do every
single day because if you're not true to
yourself if you're not true to your
viewers then you don't have any
foundation to stand on and it's very
important to us that we stay true to who
we are every single day as a family and
as youtubers we would hate more than
anything because I feel like over the
past year and a half we have gained the
trust of so many people because of our
story that we would never ever want to
lose that and we work so hard at keeping
our integrity when we do work with
sponsors we were just a lot of people
because they want us to do something
that we wouldn't normally do not as far
as like bad stuff but just things that
you know recommending products that we
wouldn't normally use or you know those
types of things so we take our integrity
and and what we talked about very
seriously every single day and we
wouldn't allow anything outside of the
ordinary to come in
take that away from us I am more of a
high-stress person and sometimes I asked
Jared like what can we do what can we
talk about to kind of just take
everything off my mind and today in the
car we're talking about comments and
positivity and Jared said what does
YouTube do to you like what does YouTube
do to us so I was like I don't know
we're like what like what are you trying
to ask and he's like do you think you
took YouTube makes you the best person
you are like does it bring out the best
of you and I really think it does and I
think over this past year I think with
me having my two babies I think that it
really has made me the best that I can
because I want to have that positive
example I want you know it just makes
you want to be happy it really does and
it's hearing other people's stories of
there may be bad situations or good
situations it just it's humbling and I
really this really is aside from our
kids this really is the best experience
Jared and I have ever experienced
together and it's a roller coaster that
I would never want to take of anybody
else but you I want you guys to know
that if you are passionate about it
if you have a dream this is the time to
do it this is the time to take advantage
of it take your passion Drive it work
hard because it's possible now like
today's day and age you can do anything
and have fun with it share with others
and make it the best experience that you
guys have ever have if you have a dream
go for it do it
okay now we're on the glider put your
feet down there on mine put your feet
there on ground buzz okay good job at
what point did you decide to go to full
time is it once you like met your salary
or did you have to surpass it by
who are smart about it we were very
strategic about when we went full time
we talked for many many nights about is
this something that we should do and we
actually had a big family discussion
when my parents were in town from
Washington and Ali's parents were here
we had a plan and we wanted to present
it to our parents and we said this is
what we want to do we just want to try
this what do you think and in our in our
situation they said you guys are young
you don't have a lot of mouths to feed
try it for a year see what you think and
it'll be an experience that you you
would be grateful for because I think at
that time if it didn't work out we'd
still be grateful that we tried because
we have always asked ourselves what if
especially with something like this in
terms of monetary like stuff we weighted
it until we had enough to where it would
be at or greater than what we are
currently making we're big supporters of
Dave Ramsey so we had six months reserve
so the worst thing that would happen is
we wouldn't be making anyone be if
YouTube stopped that day that we decided
to quit we would be able to live for six
months and worryfree Oh
our parents asked us that all the time
but yeah because they get worried you
know they ask us a lot I think I think
YouTube has a lifespan I think sharing
content doesn't and I think there will
always be someone who is looking for
something to relate to and whether if
you can adapt then that's what you're
looking for if as far as YouTube as a
whole you know that's gonna change
things are gonna change YouTube's been
around for almost 10 years it started in
I believe is when when it first came out
so it's been around for ten years so
it's it's still been it's been a while
but it's pretty much an independent
infancy but whether YouTube's gonna be
around for 30 40 years
I don't think youtube.com is gonna be
around like Ask Jeeves comm you know and
that's still around but people don't
really use it I think the distribution
of content is gonna always be around
whether you adapt to that that's kind of
where where this thank you guys so much
I appreciate you taking the time all
right we had a blast here at this and
you tie youtuber event so everyone
thanks so much for watching today
airplane airplane
their plane stay airplane si bye-bye
so by airplane
