I've done it I've done it I've reached
the pinnacle of all things dad Jackson
say poopoo say poopoo checks and say
yeah
mom and Calvin are out running a few
various errands and I thought it'd be
fun for Jackson and I to have some lunch
together what do you think bud do you
need some food for ya Oh Jackson your
belly button oh do you want to go do you
want to take the car for a ride you do
mom has the car but I'll tell you what
we'll go for scooter right as soon as we
eat some lunch does that sound fun yeah
okay come on over here Jackson I've got
some food especially prepared just for
you now normally when Ellie is here
we'll sit up at the table we might have
some nice placemats out and everything
like that but since it's just me and
this little guy right here I thought
we'd do it a little bachelor mode what
do you say Jackson should we initiate
bachelor mode alright buddy here you go
here I go
Jackson our cover's blown knows about us
what are you two moving we're not eating
at the table
oh no sugar tonight that
Jackson and I are heading into Walmart
and you want to know what is number one
on the list that we are going to buy
Jackson you want to or gonna buy we're
gonna buy eyeballs and we're gonna buy
sleep I need new eyeballs and I need
more sleep but really I seriously have
like a million things on my list just
think this and that that I have to go
pick up but I thought it was really cute
I woke up this morning and got Jackson
dress and he insisted on wearing those
red shoes and I could not get them on
him because his feet are a little white
dots why we ended up getting in little
tennis shoes but he is this not wearing
it and I couldn't go into fit but dad
made it work because dad makes
everything work so anyway he's wearing
his little red shoes exactly what he
wanted to wear today he made it into the
store without him saying ball yet every
time we come here Bobo
I wonder if he forgot
what ah Nana yep
banana banana he learns new words every
day every day it's a new work crazy MA
what what checks in what are you looking
for what was what were thinking they
moves the balls we have to go find a
ball before we can get our shopping done
toy aisle toy aisle huh do you guys know
where the balls are oh I excuse me do
you know where the balls are the big
play balls ah they got rid of those oh
you don't have any of them dang it okay
thank you for keep looking she bored me
I asked her if she looked to me and
turned her on kept walking
they have balls we're going to find one
Jackson hey Jackson look at mama you
finally got it I kind of in like a
sweating because I was really quite
upset that worker looked at me and kept
walking and ignored me and so I found
another lady shocked she was the manager
and I said you know and looking for a
ball did you guys really get rid of them
and she was no I said your worker really
wasn't very nice to me I was like she
ignored me I was like I have it on
footage and she goes I want to know who
it is I want to talk to I was like okay
so I showed her the footage and I mean I
don't know I know sometimes people can't
always help you but big flat-out ignored
me flat out ignored me turned around I
had to say excuse me for her to turn
around and have her help me remember I
don't like when people don't treat you
very well you know it's like be nice be
nice and it makes it reminds me like I
need to be nice to everyone you never
know what somebody's going through but
when you're at a job and you're supposed
to help people put a smile on your face
fake it till you make it be happy and
eventually you will be happy I don't
know kind of disappointed but we're all
happy here because Jackson finally has
his ball so now we can go and shop so
let's go get a few little things we need
I think onesies is on the list so let's
go get some onesies
and some deodorant because now I'm
sweatin because I was ticked I get help
strapping get him out oh that's you ok
can you help get him out he likes you
can you smile at him
Oh or kiss him woof networks oh maybe
it's a good thing you don't know how to
undo this actually I don't want you to
know how to undo those actually I don't
know why but seeing my view out here
just totally warms my heart like to the
extreme I feel like I'm the Grinch and
then I see stuff outside and my heart
grows ten times bigger these kids are
out here just playing and having fun and
Cody's over there with a bucket of water
and he's using the chair as like a
little gutter and Jackson was over there
with him before I pulled out the camera
because I wanted to show Jackson you
know Jackson and Cody playing together
but Jackson's over there in the fire
hydrant and it's just like what is going
on in their minds what are they thinking
like I wish I could be in their heads
right now and just just see what they
see and think what they think
Olivia pushes good on a sidenote the
kids are having fun but you want to know
what we're have what our conversation is
it's the dinner table and our
conversation is how what did I say I
cannot handle I don't know how to
control myself at 2:00 a.m. basically
you guys are psychos in the middle of
the night I was just so exhausted and in
the middle of the night with the babies
and everything and I try and help as
much as I can sometimes we just say
things that were just like wait what did
I say oh yeah in two and three in the
morning Jared and I both know that what
we say we can't take personal it can't
take serious because we're in crap just
get said
yeah I love ya last night I was just
really tired and I think what did I say
well I just
yeah helping of course he was helping
doing worse yeah you're the worst of
course you're not the worst and I of
course I'm not the worst in fact I am
the best I have a badge that says I am
of us and I'm the best
binky putter backer and welcomed by a
sleepy baby and you're the best diaper
wet white grabber ever yeah and I'm just
letting you know right now this is for
future but you say things too this is
for future Ellie if you ever need any
help with breastfeeding you let me know
if you need the support or anything I'm
more than willing to help you Ellie
okay we've got each other's back we've
got just not to a.m. okay Jackson you're
all ready for bed we just read a book
did you have a good day yeah did you
like that book we read okay good hmm are
you gonna be a good boy tonight yeah
yeah good oh is that the book we read
good job mmm I love you so much
okay say goodbye to these guys say bye
okay Calvin it's your turn it's time to
go to bed and you keep it in your
fingers hey baby
ah hey you keeping your fingers says mom
they're so tasty let's get you two
laughs ready okay ready set go you've
got a big smile we got to take the
pillow out uh-oh
now the serious stuff begins Oh Mama's
not messing around
found it remember it attacked anybody
usual time oh yeah it is bye thank you
guys for watching we've got a big day
tomorrow I'm super excited for you guys
to see it we'll see you guys tomorrow
bye bye bunk
