well we've got a little party going on
here all the kids are here bonny and
y'all got back from their appointment
and I've been waiting for this moment
I've been waiting for this moment
I really don't I don't have any words
can hear me yet I have no words
Oh last night was another in C crazy
night we're up all night long I posted a
picture to am of what we look like we're
like all in bed together and but I woke
up this morning I said I want to go to
breakfast I want to go to our favorite
place it is the Creperie place and it is
so yummy and so delicious
and this is where is open is it this
extreme place like they help little
birds up there flying this is our you
order and they have a cute little area
right here where you can sit you can
even sit outside and there's the like
river behind you but it's a little cold
this morning just in the egg yeah oh we
got to get your hand out of my shirt
get lay back lay back and even better
kids eat free on Mondays so speckle yes
is really cute we'll just sit right here
and just hang no yeah
but good
before I get you out I have to show how
funny dad is ah look at you jacket
- dad strap you in like that with your
jacket you need to put it on the right
way
hi I'm just finishing up a nice long
walk with the kids this morning and I
was sitting here I just noticed myself
smiling really big because I was looking
at Kelvin
I was thinking Oh Calvin Scott and I was
like oh I cannot wait for Christmas
I can't wait to like the holiday season
when it starts to get cold outside and
I'm excited because Jackson kind of at
that age will actually kind of sit and
watch watch some shows so it's gonna be
really fun this holiday season to watch
like all the holiday movies the
Christmas movies and the Halloween
movies it's just going to be really fun
with the kids and as laughing at
Calvin's name Calvin Scott which it fits
us perfectly but would mean Alice to
everyone named the Santa Claus guy but
thing I was just kind of thinking it'll
be fun when the weather starts to cool
off and a different change in season
it's kind of fun different changes and
that's kind of why I like mondays is
because it kind of gives you a fresh
start to the week J on Twitter today
fullscreen had said they tweeted
something like happy oh wait it's Monday
something like that and Jared tweeted
aback it was like Monday's are always
happy there's a smile on my face or
something like that I don't know
let's check it out but anyway Jared made
the point of Mondays are happy and you
know I do like Mondays I think it's kind
of a first start to the week start over
have a good week so that's kind of what
I'm thinking it's really quiet outside
the kids are quiet we're just going on a
walk and I'm just thinking that's kind
of fun I just got Jack oh there's
something on the screen that better I
just got Jackson up from his nap
and he was starving so I hurried and got
him downstairs got him some lunch so
he's eating but I had to show you guys
the poor guy this teething
I thought he peed I was like oh maybe
through no this is all slobber they
drool he is such a runny faucet I feel
so bad and Bonnie just called me and
said that they're going to a doctor
appointment for Lincoln and I was like
bring the kids over and let him play
with Jackson and that way you and Joel
can like go to lunch have a few hours
take your time and because Jed is just
working so I might as well a lot of the
cousins kind of play together but I had
to inform her I was like he is not sick
I promised you like his gums are red and
swollen and he's snotty but let's go
downstairs
okay pika
okay Jackson I have to ask you how are
the eggs there yeah yeah yeah there yeah
yeah they're yummy they're gross hey I
have one more question can you say bird
say bird blue bird yeah when at the park
today and he saw the birds and he be big
and I said bird and then he went burn so
he's starting to say things better and
he doesn't say be any pork but for binky
he actually says the K being Keith one
more time bird he's like excuse me I'm
eating okay we're gonna get and then we
to play some cousins yeah the baby guy
is Calvin is so excited that you're here
okay who likes Lincoln the best you cute
as Cody like him the best he's smiling
at you Boston he's smiling at you isn't
he's so much bigger than last time he's
so much bigger than engine hood we win a
game in horses and Lincoln's gotten is
really small huh compared to him yeah oh
you want me to take him okay love you
put the camera down
taker I think is ready to eat
oh are you telling to say Dada da hey
okay everyone has a little what is that
a little honey butter honey butter honey
butter toast and I think it is so yummy
honey butter so yummy I mean Jackson we
have honey bunny structures on the
ground you did that good job Oh put it
back Calvin was crying good job Calvin
was crying and Jackson went hey he and
search for it found it and is giving it
to him I would loo good job what look
yeah okay don't take it out now no don't
take it out good job mom he's going to
and he'll put it back in
you got that damn good job Jax how are
you guys having fun
are you what you draw on Olivia you draw
on a cat what is it
so this is a bird son tree tight like
tight
ah Tiger Tiger flying a white tiger
awesome these kids are just playing
house Jackson is still out of the binky
hi hi I'm just on the phone we're
talking about a 401 k's investments bond
you know all those mutual funds and
things nothing too serious
hi guys how are you my goodness gracious
I have been in the office all day long
ever since we got home from breakfast
what is going on in here check some what
are you doing what are you doing
well you okay what are you talking
trying to do it cook but what are you
doing are you trying to on my foot Oh oh
my gosh there you go
boom bed and big music waiting speedy
pleading are you guys watching a movie
what oh sorry
they're watching Tarzan which surprising
fact I guess the creators of frozen the
movie frozen said that Tarzan is
actually good rather tirana and Elsa the
stories are connected did you know that
well we've got a little party going on
here all the kids are here Bonnie and
y'all got back from their appointment
and I've been waiting for this moment
I've been waiting for this moment look
at it look at that smile and he sees the
bunnies like oh hey girl how you doing
like not sure what he's thinking right
now oh look at these two babies I
thought my housemate Calvin is like I
just helped Lincoln and I'm just like oh
you are like I don't have to baby you
anymore you're like what when I'm
watching you begging like that like I
can't hold my like that yeah well it's
it's crazy you forget how small they are
you know and he's two weeks to two weeks
two weeks oh my goodness that's so crazy
girl I hope Jamal he doesn't quite sit
up quite that why can't he hold his head
up just yet did it I'm kidding we'll
have a talk oh I think it's crazy like a
Quebec yeah are they gonna be friends if
he doesn't help that way he doesn't want
any mother of course are gonna be
friends whether they want to or not they
will be friends just like Jackson and
basta and all the other kind of no I
think they'll be friends easy buddy
oh yeah that'd be great oh my goodness
he is just a doll he is a doll once
focusing on that face there we go
oh my goodness hi hey buddy I know yeah
this time is hearing yeah well Bonnie
thanks for lettin us
like I'm just gonna drool all over you
mama I'm gonna be wide-eyed
I'm just gonna say here in well he well
guys I think that about wraps it up for
us
Jackson is having some awesome awesome
oatmeal do you like oatmeal
do I go meal Jackson did you have fun at
the park did you have fun in the park
did you have fun at the park Haley
actually right you did didn't you
well guys thanks so much for watching be
sure to hit that thumbs up button if you
guys haven't you're saying goodbye
already oh this actually reminds me of
when Jackson was saying bye that reminds
me today's video that went up yesterday
it didn't get published - subscribers
feed so I want to show you guys
something real quick because a lot of
you guys didn't know it is now but it
just took a lot longer than normal if
you want to make sure that you never
ever miss a video of ours if you go to
the YouTube app you're going to see that
little bell or alarm looking thing if
you tap that that means you're going to
get notifications for the channel when
we upload a video so if you go to our
channel on YouTube on the mobile app
whether it be your phone your tablet
whatever and you click that bell it's
going to make sure you guys get notified
when we upload a video in the event that
something like this happens where it
doesn't be a pushed out to subscribers
feed I'll probably remind you guys again
because there was a lot of people asking
about it like where's the video today
where's the video well sometimes YouTube
glitches out and this is the best way to
get a notification whenever we upload a
video so that's my rant for the day
thanks so much for watching guys any
last words guys
Oh Jackson can you say bye
hippo boy yes oh do my my feet and toes
tonight
oh is that what you're gonna do how to
operate that would be fun like okay
Jackson we'll see you later say bye bye
