good morning guys today is Sunday you
know that means today is one-take Sunday
Calvin do you want to participate in one
take Sunday do you want to participate
and one take sunday should go down and
see what daddy and Jackson are doing ah
the battery is flashing we're not gonna
be here we're not gonna be able to do a
one take Sunday if the battery is
washing what the what the you guys okay
if we could do it one take Sunday with
the battery not to die that would be
amazing
let's go sue Chad what the kids what
hey we open the gate for me open the
gate open the gate I'm starting there
one take Sunday oh good and our
batteries flashing at 40 seconds oh let
me go get a different bathroom I don't
know we'll see if we can do it one time
well I'm over okay
Jared's gonna go get the battery I get a
PUD here I'll put you guys right here
come enjoy going to look down sir yeah
well you have to say hi to one say hi
Jackson I'm surprised you even have a
smile on your face Jared and I were up
all night long all night long
Calvin was waking up and eating all
night and then Jackson was up all night
I swear it says canines yes not very
well I don't think Calvin woke up more
than he normally did oh you think sorry
nope nope we did not make it through the
one take the battery died hahaha
I don't think Calvin was up to much more
than he normally is it was I would say
it's a pretty normal night for a baby
Jackson on the other hand not a normal
night for Jackson not an all night he
got up like 2 or 3 times and was just
like not Fiona he was sterically it was
hysterical it was the kids don't wake
each other up if Jackson cries Calvin
doesn't wake up that if Calvin Christ
jack says we've got during the day
Jackson wakes coming up all the time but
not in the night they don't seem to like
each other but they I think they both
were waking each other up for sure yeah
and so Andy it's not no see why no he's
so happy now because he does for filming
I'll show you what we were doing so I
pulled this out and Jackson loves to
ride this hey Jackson let's show him
come here bud here Jackson let's ride
the cow so he woke up and we don't
usually do this because like it's not
good for difference look at him these
monkeys I turned out to ignore you sorry
right the cat let's ride the cow sorry
he was totally walking funny what were
you saying no but we gotta turn around
this way Jenna oh he was sitting on it
with you yeah oh gosh oh nice of dad he
was so we've been playing we've been a
Yankee oh good see his eyes are even red
oh he's not been happy she's been all
day what I was trying to say was that we
don't normally do this this is not
something we do except this week this
this is the second time we've done it
and so Jackson has just not been feeling
and you try and put him down this crimi
he doesn't say this but this is what he
needs like
I really just don't want to be in my
crib I don't feel good and so we go and
we take him into our room and we lay
them in between us falls right asleep
which is actually kind of fun honestly
like it's kind of cute it's I I kind of
like when he cuddles up to me and falls
asleep and when I rock him like I love
that and it's not something that's gonna
happen you know a lot but when we know
the couple of times that it has I'm like
yeah why not you know it'll be okay
totally giving a little life up to
actually today hasn't been too bad this
feeding with Calvin because he's been
going to the chiropractor for his neck
and I need to talk to him when I go to
her Tuesday but I almost think that
maybe he needs something I don't know
physical therapy or if the chiropractors
like the equivalent of it or so next you
mention it acupressure
I've never even heard like what they
would do I just read online but I think
they evolved needles oh yes they do I
don't think I would really want to do
that I take needles in later yeah I
don't think I really want could you got
but I think that it he was totally
sitting in me funny because his neck
it's just he's so like off the center
and it's so hard to get him sometimes
feeding is really hard Calvin he doesn't
see too excited about that but something
that I've been trying really hard to do
is not eat dairy or at least not a lot
of it I've been trying really hard and
snaps have been trying hard but
especially pop I'm not really a huge pot
drinker anyway but especially sister has
it been drinking pop like I don't drink
pot and remember for his birthday when I
bought the root beer for him and I'll
show you there are two root beers left
and there's that from when I was
pregnant still so
I want to drink a pop so bad but I just
have been trying I don't want to overdo
it especially if he's already kind of
like finicky with eating as his neck I
really want to make sure like oh it's
not what I ate it's like kids like I
want to like solve one comma before I
create other problems you know what I
mean but are you doing but yeah I really
want to drink a pop so bad and yesterday
I had a milkshake cuz I was like I'm
gonna break like I am either gonna give
Calibur the bottle or he's gonna get a
milkshake or what I thought yesterday
that I wanted a milkshake really bad or
I was gonna get Calvin a bottle cuz I
just couldn't handle my day we just was
like he was having a hard time eating
yesterday and I was always told don't
cut on your hardest day so I was like
fine I'll just even though it doesn't
make me feel better and it did but yeah
I want to pop too but I probably should
go pop set one thing update that's a
good thing
um one thing we did today that I really
like doing and I think I'll have a
question in here in a second but we went
and we looked at houses in the area just
like just drove around and we we looked
at and really I like that in that house
and I don't like that in that house just
on the outside we obviously didn't go
into these people you know they don't
look at your house but we did it like
was sometimes there were really nice
homes and were like wow that we'd like
that home but I was like I'd rather have
a big backyard and not that house yeah I
think I think I want to know a model I
think I want a little more area do a
super big house but my question is what
are your favorite things about houses or
what what would come in your dream house
leave a comment down below what would
you guys have in your dream house or
what do you have already that is part of
your dream house Barbie's dream house
with Ken because I watched Toy Story 3
on the airplane at Jackson our dream
house uh
a good shower oh my gosh that is the one
I'm talking about multiple showerheads
it's got to be a big area and unlimited
hot water hey oh hey hey hey hey do you
just bit his foot huh are you licking it
maybe didn't bite it but I didn't wasn't
about to trust you Jackson he just
picked his foot look there's slobber all
over it I don't know if he was kissing
his fur if he was gonna bite it
that sneaky boy sorry Calvin good thing
I think I got he's like I don't know
what's going on he totally picked up his
foot but a goofball but yeah I really
liked about the showers that you walk in
it doesn't even have a door like you
walk in around and that would be kind of
cool um what else do we want and like
our dream home I like I mentioned before
I want like green and water and so we
can always add that too we can always
put green trees but I is this done well
no I had like a man cave like I have to
have a den where I can just like an
office like a big office where I can
yeah totally that stuff in my work stuff
and totally and maybe like a Dr Pepper
fountain cause by the Year mark I think
Oh either you know I can see there two
things happening either just won't keep
drinking it at all uh or I'll just not
drink near as much as I used to oh I
don't think you'll ever go back to it
yes - he's talking like trying to follow
that I'm shocked that he is like
laughing right now that is why we
started our one take now than earlier
because it was I think we're all just it
was a rough morning it was a row it's
like five o'clock it's been a crazy day
don't
pick up his butt to bite it give him a
kiss give him a slobber a slobbery kiss
oh yeah that's his eye where's his ear
where's his ear yeah there's his ear
where's his mouth where's my mouth okay
yeah okay this is what we did earlier
those it was getting kind of crazy in
our house so Jerry and I just woke up
like this we went we took his hat
we're getting by the kids and we were
just kissing and we Jackson's Crittenden
gets what they said in life my boy exact
Siddhant he's like what are you guys
doing hey how are you doing
pay attention to me I'm crying here hey
hi parents I'm crying here what are you
doing what are you talking about this is
a guys kissing that's it that's a good
tip if the kids are crying and you don't
know what to do and you didn't get any
sleep and you in you're gonna snap just
just snap just kiss it out and it
obviously you like yes so you you guys
are Jackson and it was like that that
was kind of funny but guys that is our
one take for the nuts trees that do it
all day - sneezes snot rocket and that
was that's why how we know he's hearing
is just like his raw I swear he uses
he's not sout more snot than our process
ha ha ha oh ok guys thank you so much
for watching thank you so much for kind
of tuning into what we are up to I can't
believe those are ours Hey okay you
literally our hours your your little
guys crazy okay guys it's the start of a
new week make it awesome okay love you
