oh no they're after me lucky charms
you guys you're here at the 5k for chili
walk we made it we made it and we made
it and we saw Angela hi Angela she is so
cute she's for watching everything I
just never beautiful four month old
twins these are the little twins a
beautiful their eyes and I saw a little
bit earlier and they smile and I just
can't get over their lizard time
Calvin stick with a smile anyway it was
fun to meet the people that were hosting
this and putting it on and she is huge
now she's a dog and you did IVF with her
and then you have another exciting news
for you both sides to meet you guys not
get it see the growth especially of your
little girl I cannot believe how big she
in
thank you
so Ellie and I are here at this event
and I just have to show you all these
people who are here in support of each
other and support of family and the
infertility is just the craziest thing
ever like I love this I love being a
part of this kind of stuff
Ellie and Jared are very well known in
the YouTube world they shared their
infertility journey with the entire
world and so he's gonna talk a little
bit about that for just a minute hey
guys how's it going
everyone having a good day today so far
well I heard one guy here is everyone
having a good day today so I'll tell you
a little bit about my wife and I we we
do daily vlogs on YouTube and how we
started was talking about infertility it
took us almost three years to get our
our first baby boy Jackson here we've
shared our infertility journey on
YouTube and it received an overwhelming
response and it just made us feel so
grateful that you know we were able to
to share that and what I want to have
happen is I want everyone to just look
around to the people next to you look at
all the people who are here
whether you're male or female someone
you know someone you're supporting you
guys are all here to support each other
for one of the most amazing things in
life family
what a great cause what a great thing
that these guys are doing for when
footsteps perfect fertility I just want
to say thank you guys thank you guys for
making this thing happen making
awareness to this thing Ellie and I keep
talking when we first started doing
YouTube it was almost taboo to talk
about infertility it's not something
that you really shared with friends or
anything like that and we totally
flipped it up and we said we're going to
share this with the world because people
need to hear about it there are people
out there who are going through similar
experiences and need to have that
support and this is you guys this is all
you guys so thank you guys so much for
coming out today we appreciate it but
I'm excited to see this raffle thanks
guys appreciate it have a wonderful day
utilities are not the final examples
we're proud to announce that in the
process of starting a draft system to
add awesome or one free IVF cycle this
is huge and this one is from the Utah
Center for Reproductive Medicine
oh yeah the yo-yo right over here here
we go everybody cross your fingers and
toes
the first winner is baby Johansen
Oh
yeah
I gotta hide
okay our second winner here we go
dr. Burton from the utah million
and the winner is hope
okay are you ready for this information
Ellie are you ready for this ever I am
ready for this information I was born
ready for this information I'm excited
okay so one of the things that I've been
working on do you guys remember the the
commercial that I auditioned for do you
remember you got it I got it I'm in the
commercial I'm in the commercial guys
I'm in that commercial I auditioned for
you I know I'm it's gonna be a complete
surprise I wanted to come out and I want
you guys to see it
and I can't wait and I'm I'm at the
studio right now we're gonna go in and
we're gonna film this commercial I have
no idea how long it's gonna be okay okay
all right I'm sitting in the trailer I'm
about to get some things put on I think
I'm getting some ears on it that's a
little hint I don't know
my ears are are they too big are they
too small but I'm in the makeup chair
and we're about to get some stuff done
so this is what we have so far
I I think it looks pretty cool
all right so how does it look so far I
think we're doing we're doing pretty
good
Zelda would be very proud when I cut
through the bushes in length but Daryl
you just took a great picture on my
camera I'm gonna put it in that is that
amazing I love the selfies you know that
I actually do is awesome it's called the
sleeping selfie like enema asleep then I
have begged a ecstatics yeah yeah you've
got two selfies that's it that's all I
got Darrell signature selfies
oh no well they're after me lucky charms
what do you think guys I think they look
pretty legit look at that I can't tell
where my ear begins and where this ends
the question is what kind of elf am i
that's the question of the day or am I
even an elf that's an even better
question you guys just don't even know
you'll find out soon but not that's
sinful ladies and gentlemen this is what
I'm working with today little except the
shoes I don't have the actual shoes on
these are my normal shoes
this is the outfit this is the head oh
my gosh I cannot wait to show Ellie I
think she just pulled up so I'm gonna go
see if I can find her
hey good-looking how are you
I do look the part don't I I think the
guys at the Shire will really like what
I'm wearing really good Jackson hey
buddy what do you think of daddy what do
you think of daddy what do you think bad
you see a ball doing go play with the
ball
yeah so all day I have taken the kids to
the park we went and grabbed some to eat
and then come to find out they had this
huge play area in the back hold on tight
Chuck said okay but this is broke so
I've been making them hold on tight and
we've been going really I fell asleep
he's right there
but anyway Jared what's that we feel we
just wrapped I'm all done at the Shire
or am i Orem Linc
you seriously look like an elf I look
like a little nail you are you're syrup
after me lucky charms
Jonathan jolly and Anna they probably
just like Jared stop you don't even
sound I I think he's down by goodish
anyway that's a wrap I got to go get
these taken off and we're gonna go do
something fun together okay we have a
lot of fun okay look good with a little
makeup fun
Thank You a bit of blush you want to
kiss my face you should have some more
blush Jackson's like I'm just holding on
tight over here kay look hold on tight
we'll go really high hold on tight one
two three
he's in love in it okay go get your ears
off ooh that's a wrap look at these guys
look at him Calvin is smiling at Jackson
so vague and grabbing his finger oh my
gosh why are you so cute huh making a
pit stop we been driving what seems like
all day and we've got to fill up with
gas and I think I need to empty we've
got to fill up the car but I've got to
empty its that okay yeah I've got to go
the bathroom jeanja go that's what your
feet look like yeah now show daddy he
actually is doing it he's actually doing
it good job
I said so dad found a giant spider in
the garage where is it oh it's typing
freaking Jackson shoes I'm gonna kill it
hold on I got to get a close-up on there
I cannot kill it that's like that is so
big yeah what kind of spider is that
that's a beast and oh my gosh that's way
too close to my house look how big that
zoom in Oh
the battery's dying hurry oh my gosh
hurry up there's one a shoulder slush
okay before our battery dies guys today
was so wonderful it was so nice to meet
you guys we had a good day it was a fun
day I know I've got to talk about the
commercial here real quick so I wanted
to talk about the commercial on how
those commercials work and everything so
essentially they my part is very very
small it is very very small you guys
might not see it when it all comes out
and everything but I had a long fun
doing it it'll probably be out I I'm not
exactly sure when it'll be out but I
let you guys know I had a lot of fun
working on it it was so cool to be a
part of that experience like a real
commercial but my part is very small so
don't laugh it'll be fun it'll be
exciting but I don't know it'll be it'll
be interesting to see it's hilarious
that's that's what it is the whole thing
is hilarious I cannot wait because it is
probably the funniest script I've ever
read anyway that's what I want to say
thank you guys so much for watching
we'll see you tomorrow bye
