before Jackson takes his nap we are
going to show you the new song that he
has learned are you ready okay ready do
you want to do our job mommy to help
okay ready
ahhh head shoulders knees and toes knees
and toes
music head shoulders knees and toes I
his ears mouth and nose can you do it
now kick head shoulders knees and toes
knees and toes knees and toes
tectum touch your toes toes okay one
last time ready do a good head shoulders
knees and toes knees and toes knees and
toes head shoulders knees and toes eyes
where's your eyes Oh eyes ears mouth and
nose yay
good night George okay hook I'm right
here give him a hug
good night okay fuck him up
can they behead you okay
minute cake love you say thank you here
you go good morning guys I don't know
what it is about this morning but I have
had such an enjoyable morning with the
kids and Jared sometimes our mornings
can be stressful because Jerry's trying
to get the video up he's doing emails
working the kids
Calvin's my you know crying or whatever
and and so but this morning has been
really enjoyable and I think it kind of
was enjoyable because last night was
just so special I think it just cuz it
was so dark it was quiet in the middle
of the night and the kids just wanted to
be loved it was like midnight Jackson
bumped his head of Ambani's yesterday
and kind of hurt hit cut his eye a
little bit and he woke up last night and
I love that he's starting to talk
because he was I I I think has had her
but he had hit his eye and he woke up
last night and so he got in bed with us
and he never gets in bed with us but we
hadn't get in bed with us and it just
was so fun and then Calvin woke up at
4:00 a.m. to feed so like we literally
were all in bed squashed and it just I'm
not just kind of fun kind of special I
thought but anyway we're getting ready
to go tomorrow is the fertility 5k walk
that Jared 9 the kids are going to do
and it's really early in the morning
story to go to Salt Lake tonight and
stay the night but I don't want any of
our food to go to waste and so I have a
bunch of chicken here and I'm going to
make some chicken pillows for lunch and
there whatever's leftover I'm going to
bring them to Bonnie so that she can
have some food at her house the
countdown begins the food is almost
ready and my belly is so hungry can't
wait to eat the stasi taste it Rick Jer
and I are
at least this summer weird words coming
oh here he is I was literally just put
into eyes eyes like oh you just had him
he was in my oven he's gone it's magic
he disappeared as a magician didn't you
know that disappear but no way that's
the thing about magicians we have been
taking a lot of like day trips or
whatever this summer
I'm sure it won't stop and so constantly
Jared and I are like we want a bigger
car while we pack up the trunk and we've
got a suitcase for us we've got a little
bag for the kid we pack light we do pack
pretty like I always bring extra in case
I fall in that's just a family tradition
anyway we've got a suitcase for us we've
got a bag for the kids we've got a
structure and then just like all the
electronics and camera equipment it just
adds up in our trunk is jam-packed full
every single time when we got back from
the family reunion we literally had the
girls their stuff is like okay Jackson
here hold this 10-pound box people this
20-pound box because that's the only way
to fit just kidding that didn't happen
but it's like that you know no really
though uh we are in the we are still
saving and stuff for cars so we're
thinking maybe maybe for her birthday
when very amazing um we'll see if that'd
be fun but anyway I made this well mom
and dad or bring a Bonnie lunch but I
made a little chicken pillows for Bonnie
so hey we're getting the car packed up
that's for Bonnie and some nipple cream
I'm giving my son the book room hi guys
you're trapped outside Jackson hi yeah I
think Jackson can see the water trying
to go play in the water
Jackson jungle played in that cool water
boys acting like he doesn't want it two
seconds ago use the water chuckle play
in the water
is that cool Jackson
no Jess it doesn't really like the water
it's gone remedy he likes to look at it
is what I'm playing on us so he's just
going to run around in the Sun and look
oh no this escalators look you I got the
escalators that's his favorite thing
okay we're going to go up and down the
escalators pride 20 times
whoo
Hey and Ready Set no you are so silly
you could play in all those water
fountains but instead you want to hold
Mama's hand I go up and down escalator
you like this cake patty cake Baker's
man
good guess yes you can roll it and roll
it and Mark it with his chain probably
in the oven I'm pretty sure everyone I
expressed this around us yelling it we
were yelling at it I was mad cuz I'm
totally deal I'm totally joking around
and I I said Ellen I said I said I like
the shirt I think I'll get it and I said
I think I think it's a really great
shirt I think you already have it
actually I think you have this exact I
do I have one similar to it because it
zips up and it's easy for breastfeeding
but I think it's is it not the same
exact shit for in this one and we're
like is the Lighting's back I have a red
one that one's pink
oh is that different it is different for
a different store and it's different
what's the what's the store and I have a
hard time shopping anyway
okay let me give you a hug I love love
you I I won't joke around when we I said
are being starters I would be really mad
I thought I thought that was the same
exact one I want Kelly yeah
shopping is very serious you have two
kids and you can't find anything that
fit I will only be serious for the
remainder of the shopping trip okay
okay our series what the shopping begin
it is very bad the lighting shows it
looks like it is pink is it
Hawaiian table it is pink is a different
shirt if it's different you know that's
right you know I'm not dropping it
because you have the same shirt if
people have even comment to Jared you
wear the same shirt it may be that you
have three of those same ones this one
has anchors on it yeah the one has
stripes and the other one has dots it's
true so they're different I'm really not
mad I just am frustrated and frustrated
because I can't find things that fit me
and it's hard because I want to be able
to breastfeed easily and close so I get
frustrated when I shop I'm not a good
shopper and a doors loss I'm hungry so
Ellie and I found this awesome place
here right next to the food court where
Jackson wait a second you're not Ellie
oh hey it's my friends Alan you guys
remember dawn right you know with a cup
of blonde hairs I think I could pull off
you could probably pull off LA and I'm
in new trim I may enjoy hanging out with
you as much as LA so this place we could
probably make this more very nice well
actually Ellie's around shopping summer
but we found this you know this this
place here and Jax is just playing
around he made us all he's crawling
under that thing oh wait there he is
he's crawling under that thing right
there but we're just hanging out here
while Ellie shops and ice cream yeah
icecream cones and really awesome
watching what you're watching Jackson
like our ice cream Cup okay I'm gonna
stop watch it just ran right into that
dinosaurs to go down the slide bud I
know you think it was like no wait LAN
what's happening here to stand off he
loved that
look at the guy down and I were making
the conversation there there are dead
dinosaurs here and live dinosaurs here
and we're thinking like oh this is kind
of a graveyard its sub dinosaurs exactly
it's well it's birth and death you're
saying a lot of eggs around here as well
but the dead ones serve a purpose there
they're very lighting the baby but I'm
like oh wow this is a stressful time for
these dinosaurs some of them are dying
and some of them are still alive and
their wives their mums that are dead
brother
it's it's an important lesson for you I
just teach you right it's lessons of the
playground
it's just like like I'm Darth I'm he
didn't yell hi they left me with the
camera and the baby hey Calvin
where's your parents nobody knows that's
the thing
so just chilling here nordstrom's
getting some shoes hanging out with
Calvin it's actually my first time
seeing him love that face I love that
thing so here they come
say hi can you say hi that's a good
point yeah yeah yeah he's looking at you
down look at him
let's sit there looking right at you we
made we okay
Calvin and I may or may not have filmed
while you guys were gone from quick-set
oh did you really
you have a bond we have a mom yeah oh
that's gone so good to hear well you
can't go to Salt Lake without visiting
Temple Square and look how beautiful
this temple is isn't that awesome we're
just kind of walking around just
enjoying the scenery and be having a
good daily eye I am especially after our
shopping ordeal I'm now better and happy
and gratified Dallas we did not have a
fight at Ellie
I made a joke and she's like I can't
believe you said that to me I'm shopping
that was really good that was literally
and she's like we had a serious place
that's motivation to keep her happy
okay the pennies in the bank when she's
happy about money Jackson Jackson the
kids are asleep
and we're staying at a hotel tonight and
we're staying at a hotel where I spent
three weeks for training and an old job
that I have and I wanted to stay here
because it brought back so many memories
and we got for 50% off well and I told
Jared remember when you were doing
training here and I remember us talking
and we said this is the biggest blessing
like this job is so light so grateful
that we that we were able to get that
job you know and it still was it was one
of our biggest stepping stones ever so
just everything ever changes as good
changes change is good yeah who moved my
cheese thank you guys so much for cut
that cheese
Ellie oh my gosh that's a whole other
story farting in my office
coming in and just farting and then
leaving that's what you do Ellie I hope
you know that you're so mean that I'm
sorry I mean to each other guys we love
each other hold on I gotta say one more
thing Ellie I've got one more business I
show Calvin ok let's go Jack give me the
camera
I want to talk about snap Chuck if
you're watching this video today that it
goes live Ellie and I are taking over
fullscreen snapchat and we're gonna be
snapping some cool things that are going
on tomorrow some things that I'm excited
to announce tomorrow I'm fullscreen
you'll announce not on your own see I'll
do it first on my snapchat and then
fullscreen so you guys will see them
both so follow me on snapchat and follow
fullscreen on snapchat and then that way
you guys will see what's going on Oh
what about me okay hold it in your nose
very squishy you're not gonna get it
there we go nope okay can you hold it in
there no can you hold it in there how do
you hold it in there no just do it
anyway that's what's going on thank you
guys so much for watching the video be
sure to give it a big thumbs up
I'll see you guys tomorrow good
fertility walk the JJ bye
