don't hold it okay dad you can hold it
go hold on tight
oh good job putting your brother oh my
gosh she almost looks like as big as
Jackie is huge you students oh look at
his bat rolls
look at me hey look up here say cheese
oh wow Calvin's like um I said cheese
huh hey guys are you huh look at that yo
I love it hmm you get so cute you know
that you're good little brothers huh
I talked to Kate and she said Anna is my
favorite cousin it's nice to Bonnie had
her baby because that means mom has come
down a few times it's been fun to the
good mom but we just facetimed aunt
Molly she just sent Calvin but Jackson
likes it right now obviously but this
cool book that has like all these boats
and 1,000 things that go and so
Jackson's been kind of playing with that
all morning so we called Angela to tell
her thing here but these two little kids
are playing it's kind of fun when the
kids come over because then they all
just kind of entertain themselves come
on yeah good to see you I talked to
Oliver all morning I feel like my
battery has been reach out good
check for the next few days I know and
my sisters I talked to my daughters and
my sister mom did it for several days
you everybody got stopped everything
again oh good look he loves kisses
mm-hmm I cannot tell you how weird it
feels to be going out without any kids
it really does feel so weird we just got
done with the chiropractor and the kids
are both out Zonk doubt in their beds
for nap time and I thought
I'm gonna run in and get some face
lotion but I have noticed a huge
difference is going to the chiropractor
and she is pretty certain that Calvin
was sitting in me kind of funny because
his neck really is so tight it is so
tight and when we were in Seattle and I
was able to go up to her and the times I
normally do I noticed that we came back
and it was just all tight again and
really bad so I really thought that were
able to get into her and seriously if I
were not to have found a chiropractor I
would have totally given up on
breastfeeding it has been a night and
day difference it just he's just such a
happier baby I love it so thank you guys
for the advice on going to a
chiropractor but I am an Ulta and I'm
good dream in here I'm gonna go find
some face products and maybe a little
bit of it guys I have never heard of
this line before I'm not even gonna say
it because I'll slaughter it but it's
called a triple microdermabrasion face
polish I just put on the back of my hand
and it feels amazing but of course they
don't have it for me to buy so but
seriously that would be an awesome
treatment so next time I come I'm
getting that the past few days I have
been up very late into the evening
working on some projects that I'm really
excited about and it's been tough
because I've been in the office a lot
but today I wanted to do something a
little bit different I've finished a few
of them and I wanted to spend time with
family and going on a walk just sounded
is like oh my gosh I miss it I want to
go on a walk and just spend time with my
family my kids and enjoy the outdoors so
there's a couple things that we need to
do today Ellie yes one is go to the park
and go on a walk and go and enjoy the
beautiful outdoors - we need to watch my
unibrow
you
you
yeah you read my back and even myself
supera me
ah
and our waswas a poopy we're ending it
with two poopy diapers
you got Jackson I got ya Cal Calvin
okay teamwork so we are here at Bonnie's
hi Bonnie
um we are seeing Lincoln and eating some
dinner thank you for inviting us over
Bonnie and Olivia is outside with
Jackson she's like oh did you tell her
to take him outside I view my dad I
don't care feed it you know I told her I
said if you babysit we can have a girls
night tonight because oh that was sweet
of you I save you cuz right we walked it
shows I'll take it outside was like okay
no she said please come right in
yeah sure I only open the door she said
please come right in I'll take Jackson
outside I was like okay this is scripted
this is scripted hi there's something up
anyway those two kids are playing
outside and we're getting a nice yummy
meal I can't believe you invited us over
thank you corn on the cob some chicken
oh we did buy the corn so don't feel too
bad for me mom bought and prepared all
of this and I just thought you know I
just I'm not gonna be all of it myself
so I may as well share thank you okay
Ellie my checklist is almost done I
finished all my projects we went to the
park and now for the last thing this guy
right here he needs to go you are no
longer welcome in this household oh my
goodness that's so bad I grow way too
fast that way would you say this is one
of the most intimate things that we do
on the vlogs yes and maybe show my birth
that's quite intimate well I mean of the
paper we do wax our unibrow they
probably don't tell people that they wax
there yeah my armpits are that explosive
event I'm good man don't devote detail
but I underwear cuts after one too huh
quick warning
the close-up you are about to see
contains images the vibra hair that is
no longer attached to my eyebrow avert
your eyes momentarily if that sort of
thing disclosed to you we'll look at
those
well we should put a warning before we
put this up
Elly is giving Calvin a little baby
massage using some grapeseed oil and he
is loving it look at him he's doing so
good yeah he's just like super relaxed I
mean he's definitely looking around and
but like look at him he's growing up
Ellie he is growing up did you go peepee
on mama did you go Phoebe on mama yes
you did oh yeah you did yes you did you
went peepee on mama and you're smiling
about it well we're getting Calvin ready
for bed and that means it's time to edit
the video so we must come to a close
look how cute this little kid oh we've
got the battery flashing on us we've got
a hurry say one thing today for you guys
is Friday which means tomorrow is our
event in Salt Lake City we're gonna be
at Liberty Park between 8 and 10 o'clock
for footsteps for fertility if you guys
want to stop by and see us we'd love to
see you guys there Ellie anything you
want to say um see you tomorrow
thanks for watching guys be sure to
subscribe and these t-shirts are gonna
come your way soon we'll see you later
bye
