it's raining it's raining is really bad
my buyer and I gotta run as granny gets
ready to goods raving yeah you know you
don't seem to care that we're getting
wet
okay I guess we'll enjoy the rain it
will stiffen ready
are you serious we really missed it gosh
dang it
remember when we had Jackson in this
remember every time he pushed that it
would like yeah I got out this tried to
put Calvin in and I ran upstairs she got
all the kids as close to get him dressed
and you mister were able to pull it you
pulled this all by yourself I can't even
believe that okay you want to pull it
again are you thinking about it I'm
thinking about it I'll pull it for you
Oh does it seem to bother him oh well I
do you guys remember for you around when
we have this in the kitchen and our old
place and we're eating pancakes and
Jackson was sitting next to us in this
and pulled it and his face would be like
that was like more than a year ago okay
yeah that's crazy it's crazy how big he
is I get you kids dressed it's supposed
to be kind of a stormy day so let's just
close on yeah you came over to give me a
hug and say mom oh I love it Jackson
lately has actually been like mom like
you actually like should get my
attention say mom hey mom mom and I love
it I love it you're right
I am the mom mom mom with the angry eyes
sometimes yeah you crawl every clip I
get angry eyes good morning good morning
we're at the happiest place on earth
Jackson where are we
yeah Boston where are we wiggle worm and
look who's here with us we've got Noah
and Jenica guys we're here with a worm
Ellie is that home with Calvin taking
care of a few things and Bonnie and Joel
are at the doctor Calvin I was like I'll
take the kids this will be a lot of fun
we'll go to river worm I had a business
call and I felt so bad I was on it for a
lot longer than I thought so Jenica is
like the hero of the day today Jenica
you are the hero of the day danger free
it's just that water room that the water
room yeah they just want to like dive in
there and everything but thank you
Jenica for helping me out okay are you
guys ready have some fun are you ready
have some fun 1 2 3 jump good job
you say bye Noah say bye oh look at that
thanks for playing with us thanks for
playing with Jackson I just love like
look how hard he's playing his face is
so red he's just like yeah now Cody tell
me what we've got going on here what are
you playing with what is that uh-huh I
love things that you put water and undo
stuff with are you having fun fun
busting is that so fun okay we've got to
uphold the tradition while we're here
you ready for this
there we go there it is guys are you
guys playing in the grocery store oh
look at you okay be careful oh good job
cutting that up that's so good you're so
good with a fake knife what's up dude
Oh Oh shall I buy some groceries from
you okay let me go get seven yes I would
like to get these items please right
here would you look how cute my wife is
we just got back from the wiggle worm
and look at these sandwiches and cups
I'm guessing those are ours
did you cut a good - oh it's a snowman
it was like did you cut a guitar shape
but I saw they could be better
that's so funny I don't know see oh
you're so cute okay let's see ah he's
doing it oh but he just pulled the me it
out oh I don't think he's gonna be like
it no no no no no not we don't do that
okay keep it together keep it together
okay hopefully he'll you do good I'm
glad you like it can you do me a favor
can you help me clean the car ah you
helped me clean it though glad we helped
me clean it though okay I'll give you a
rag and I want you to help me cuz we
gotta get some stuff cleaned around here
okay
you know what our cup holder is a lot
more clean since
hey guys drink and pop it's not that
dirty oh yeah we just have water now
it's raining it's raining it's raining I
gotta run as Randy gets ready to go
drinking yeah you know you don't seem to
care that we're getting wet okay I guess
we'll enjoy the rain it will stiffen the
ring and there's the loot this is it hot
blow on it
kind of wine what does you listen your
cereal cuz our odds bumpy but Jackson
has done the best hope for today huh you
give me a high five
jackson high five checks in high five
thank you you've been the best helper
okay Jackson are you ready for this Wow
alright let's do it J hey si que es Oh
in Jackson what does that say say
Jackson any two syllable word Jackson
will be like hmm okay hey I'm right here
I'm just I'm just mopping the floor I'm
just cleaning up cleaning up dinner okay
seriously every time I move the corner
and I start sweeping this is what
happened
stupid Calvin Calvin Calvin no tears
it's okay
and then I'll come back on set it's okay
Calvin and then he'll stop cryin he's
okay it's okay I'm just gonna clean okay
okay well I would definitely say we've
had a couple successful nights without
Jackson crawling out of his crib I think
Ellie's angry eyes certainly did the
trick if momma ain't happy ain't nobody
happy
we're gonna go ahead and end the vlog I
have to be quiet as I go in here because
Calvin's asleep too
I said if mama ain't happy ain't nobody
happy
you told Jackson what he needed to do
and if he didn't do it you wouldn't be
happy if mama D happy ain't nobody happy
yeah yeah that he didn't really didn't
angry
do you have anything you want to say to
these guys all right perfect
all day on some awesome projects and I
can't wait for you guys to see them in
the future I'm so excited
thank you guys for watching and we'll
see you tomorrow bye
