he's not this dinky Jackson is a stinky
bro
so the ball checks it to the ball you've
been thrown upon can you put it back
okay put them back yeah yeah they're
words about we got to smile in the sad
face why'd you buy those headpiece if we
wake you from your little nap sorry
honey
okay Calvin round five or six or those
eyebrows oh there's this my here we go
Jim a sticker finding at all hey buddy
you stayed in your crib oh good job high
five high five yeah oh you want your
binky okay what do we do with your binky
when we're done taking a nap where do
you want to put it over there okay let's
do it let's put the binky away where do
we put it good
say bye-bye picky picky picky picky
picky picky picky
goody binky because right bye-bye
cavitus yeah I love days like this where
all we do is just sit home do laundry
clean whatever we want
we've been playing yeah we been playing
yep yep Calvin has been on and off
napping all day I don't think I think
just him being tight and then going to
the chiropractor he's just kind of been
sleeping in so Jackson and I have been
welcome to welcome to town that's what
we've been doing we're walking to town
actually we've been walking a lot and
then I got tired of like running so I
put him in the stroller and now we're
just fucking fucking up and down the
Wayne how come you're so cute say aye
aye
you actually point to it and say it now
it's kind of cool nose ears mouth tongue
teeth teeth
look how beautiful my grocery list looks
here's the bag and reading is impeccable
and there's the fret you can see all
those scribbles on there Jackson gada
and was coloring has to be is that like
the color or not I am going to try and
make sweet potato french fries and and
honey what is it called I'm not yeah
because one they look good - they're
pretty good for you and that's kind of a
fun snack for Jackson to eat rather than
crackers right come on get my nod don't
be stingy
no no sup free them say good bye Jackson
Thank You say bye okay we'll see you
later bye bye bye
no what do you see the baby oh yeah
that's your baby
you got to baby jab say mountain you
text me a hot Jackson can you give him a
hug
oh no is not feeling oh man oh man no
worries it's okay we understand now
someday someday
Jackson's more interested he's more
interested in the food
Jackson is your shoe stinky can you
smell it that you you it's dinky it
distributes moon oh my goodness I feel
like we haven't gone grocery shopping in
months from all the traveling that we've
been doing lately so we finally hit up
the grocery store and oh geez
jeepers that's coming up quick I heard
there's a little trick if you put the
wooden spoon like that it doesn't do it
oh my gosh it's legit working that's
crazy but I'm cooking up some spaghetti
right now and I just need to see if it's
done and theory is if you take a handful
of it and throw it against the wall and
it sticks that means it's done
Oh Jackson that's very inappropriate you
go show that to someone else okay got my
handful right here
ready one two three
well some of its tech some of it didn't
I think it's good I think it's good
Ellie's gonna kill me I guess what we're
not gonna tell her and we're gonna see
if she notices hi hi Oh do you need me
to help you you know Nikki so turned you
doing good you took good on tummy time
oh okay so tired so you eat your fingers
hmm there's like yummy does that get me
yeah why are you so cute he'd be soft
though he saw oh he's laughing neck head
versus ears ears no nose okay okay go
ahead dad God daddy
there we go that's some neck action
that's gonna make your neck strong Oh
faceplant oh good Ellie I don't know
about you but I may have gone a little
too far with testing the spaghetti
you're a dork no I should have though I
just am adamant throw on some well no
child has crawled out of their crib
tonight
it's not funny he takes his naps and
does great and doesn't want to get out
did you hear all these messages I think
you're like texting Cullen or something
well it's funny because I'll get a
notification on the computer the phone
my watch this guy and the iPad out there
for one message but I'm currently
texting and actually direct messaging on
Twitter probably six people right now
cuz I'm like working on a project and
I'm sending a lot of messages so that's
why it's good right
hey your hair is what's crazy I'm
excited for this week Ellie I cannot
tell you I can't tell you but I can tell
you I'm excited for this weekend one
thing I can't say is the fertility 5k
but there's a lot of stuff I don't know
what else you're talking about well here
at the sea uh we talked about the 5k
that's going on this weekend
yesterday we talked all about it in the
video and yesterday was a good video
Jackson's climbing out of this curve him
it was really funny but um he's not yeah
he's not doing so far that's good now so
thank goodness he's not videos away he's
in there talking I hope they can hear
you stop interrupting I'm sorry please
stop beeping oh my gosh I think we're
gonna end the vlog right here before we
get any more interruptions from my
cellular devices thank you guys so much
for watching the vlog today I'm gonna
kiss my wife right on the face mmm and
we will see you guys tomorrow which is
Wednesday hope I'll let you guys say
good night to comment you look at him
just hold that giraffe like this is my
buddy he's had kind of a rough day look
at you
hey we've in Pelican yeah we've been
hanging out thank you yeah
working Oh smile smile
yeah that's it smile veggetti oh hi
Louise
okay guys we will see you tomorrow
goodbye I
