good morning Jackson what are you doing
in there oh just making a mess well
mulpus laundry away Jackson I have a
surprise for you do you want to see it
okay let's go
are you ready for the surprise Jackson
are you ready for the surprise who's
here look at that slide good give him a
hug
Oh Cody yeah yeah there's the funniest
thing ever
ha ha ha ha hugs all around
oh that's so cool he's holding right
here for me okay
hey right here on the street cat - good
patch hey you throw it you rolled it now
we can
so it's coming home yesterday we have
crashed today we are doing laundry we're
picking up we're cleaning we're going
room to room shutting the door that way
the rest of the house doesn't get a
disaster coming caffeine you doing okay
my three month old baby three months
baby yeah yeah baby
oh thanks Jackson
you're so sweet he really is so sweet
too Calvin I love it and I try not to
like be like like I try just like let
him do a thing cuz um if I'm ever like
nope don't do that then you like Tyson
doesn't Mar so anyway he's pretty soft
with Calvin though but yeah we're going
room to room or again thing situated
we're getting things cleaned Calvin
didn't have his reflux medicine
yesterday and then this morning when I
gave it to him you're supposed to sit
with him like 30 minutes and we me and
Calvin had fallen asleep and so we
didn't get it quite in 30 minutes and I
think I can tell a difference when he
doesn't have it and the doctor suggested
he's like you know maybe skip a day see
how he does I don't think he likes
skipping a day so he hasn't quite eaten
all that much today so and you're you
seem kind of tired but he's not really
napping so we're just getting things
we're just home we're getting things
situated here you guys
you look like brothers it's cuz you are
but seriously though they look so much
alike I can't even believe it do you
like Calvin do you like Jackson yeah
you're gonna do I kind of do except when
he steps on me what a crazy day it's
been I feel like I've been in my office
the entire day writing emails working on
projects just getting stuff done it's
Monday you know you've just it's start
of a new week there's a bunch of
different stuff going on
but we're fine finally done and Ellie's
mom is in town so we are going to the
grocery store and picking up some things
because we're going to go visit Bonnie
and we're going to have dinner and the
one thing that Bonnie wanted was some
corn on the cob and all of those places
that have corn on the fresh corn on the
cob on the side of the road those you
know stands there's one in particular
that I actually got an email from and
I'm excited to talk to them but there's
some corn on the cob that Bonnie wants
to get and so I'm looking for some corn
on the cob and we're gonna go have some
awesome dinner Jackson are you excited
to eat some dinner yeah okay so please
excuse my ignorance when I asked this
question because I really have no idea
is there a difference between white corn
and yellow corn I have no idea but they
had one label that said white corn and
that's it and I asked a guy I kind of
made a joke out of it I was like excuse
me I need to master in the art of corn
and they went over and they ask someone
to one of the produce guys to come over
and I said excuse me are you one of the
children of the corn and he's like he
left a little bit but then oh serious
mode not even joking around and he's
like you know what not that I know of
but I just wondered is there I'm gonna
ask Ellie
so Bonnie and Ellie are with the baby
right now and I had a question for you
mom okay cuz I had no idea and and you
needed the really the clerk's at the
store is there a difference between
yellow corn and white corn because the
sign said white corn and I always
thought corn was yellow well those
weren't quite a meal combo for free I
mean look look look there's a white corn
right here in yellow corn right there
but is there is there a difference so is
that just how it is I guess the world if
moms don't know then the world doesn't
know right because moms know every
everything so I don't like corn that's
old right leave a comment down below if
there is actually difference because I
have an idea but we're cookin up some
corn and if you guys didn't know my mind
trick is I put a little sugar in the
corn or in the pot because it sweetens
it up you don't have salt
that I know do that and when you started
doing this I could tell a good village
it's a little sweeter and it's softer
salt when you cook it with salt it
hardens it up so makes a little softer
so you actually don't have to cook
either one feels like you're running at
an incredible rate no no no no no no no
none stop hands up in the air ever don't
know flip onto your back
oh no flip on your back Oh Jackson you
just folded you farted right in front of
my face
Oh Oh wheelbarrow push up push up push
up wheelbarrow there you go now walk
what come on backward what forward
food mountain climber mountain climber
Mountain claim
oh my gosh I have a feeling we're gonna
be in for a long night hey
okay I think we have some parenting to
do I'll check back with you guys later
you just want to sit oh my gosh you
climbed out of bed so you could sit and
read a book you're such an old man I
should we end I have no idea if this
this could be a long night I'm not sure
yet I don't think it kind of already has
but I think it's good I do well um the
past 10 minutes have been good
well it's good um last night Jackson
crawled out of his crib it didn't fully
get out and we put it back in met two
met like we caught him yeah and he took
a three-and-a-half hour nap today didn't
get out and then tonight he played and
then darted in the bedroom hi were just
like what the it wasn't what the heck it
was kind of cute um but we just kept
putting him back on his crib back in his
crib back in his crib and then we shut
the door and I went in there and I
looked at him and Jackson's on you're
angry I tell my anger as I said you get
in bed and then he laid down and gave
him his blanket binky I said nope you're
you're too big you're a big boy now I'm
not giving you your binky and he didn't
like that the moment I closed the door
he hasn't gotten out of his crib release
he's very very quiet now no I don't
think it's right now yeah um but we're
gonna have um quite the transition the
next few weeks um between no binky and a
big-boy bed I don't know when we'll
actually make it a big-boy bed but I
think me but I think I see it sooner
than we thought
yeah so real quick I wanted to talk a
little bit more about the fertility 5k
that we're doing I had a link to it
yesterday I'll have a linked below again
it's called footsteps for fertility it's
a 5k run or walk in Salt Lake City and I
think they're actually doing two IVF
cycles because there's two fertility
clinics that are participating in
so two free IVF so you could win so you
you come to it and you register and you
have the chance of winning one they're
also doing fundraising I think as well
so I'm really excited to be a part of it
really you know I just think it's
wonderful
oh yeah we are so grateful for all the
help that we received and this is like
and the answers it meant yeah we didn't
do IVF and you we got what we got all
our answers at the fertility clinic we
got the Fumero the fertility clinic we
got monitored you know we got a lot of
help and we like one help return the
favor you know we want others to give
the same care and love that we did and
that's why we want to help like this is
just the first step in a lot of things
that we're gonna be doing so uh that is
our video for the day um huh it might be
a long night it might be a long night
that's fun right good
I love it I love it and I think it made
it worse cuz Calvin's really has been
kind of upset tonight I think on missing
that reflux medicine did you did not do
well so both kids are not crying so
we're gonna go ahead man it is currently
8:20 and both kids are silent that's
good hey that's pretty good considering
he's been getting out of bed for a one
okay we'll see you guys tomorrow
fine
Jackson is currently trying to get back
in his crib he's trying to get back in
yeah now he's hiding and nothing
Jackson is just climbing on the crib
trying to get back into the crib I love
it there he goes
where is he he went to the door look at
George George were supposed to be
protecting him come on keep him in the
crib
