well time to say goodbye unfortunately
Jackson can give grandma hug oh oh can
you give grandpa hug give me hug oh oh
oh oh no that's all you get oh he's
saying bye-bye you say bye-bye can you
get me high five yeah you wants grandpa
cuz grab one checks on you get miss grab
on grandpa they know yes and what I see
next time I'll be that much more
enjoyable yeah oh and you want to see
grandpa no no he what is he gonna go see
like I've got to use the restroom real
quick I'll be right back thank you so
much for all your love you don't get
guys safe guys hey how about you
brushing your teeth give grandpa a kiss
no brushes teeth crap is already brushed
his teeth you brush your teeth you brush
yours mmm we enjoyed it oh thank you
yeah Oh kiss goodbye
baby baby okay grandma gets a hit kiss
now
I was gonna miss you so much mom I know
don't cry don't cry remember remember I
made you laugh yeah yeah I need you
laugh you know it was so wonderful we
met the neatest people and to the
vlogger fair but then Jimmy Lehman such
neat people we were so so glad that's
that's what I love about these
conventions is you meet so many awesome
amazing incredible people and you get to
hear all these stories from everyone and
it's just so fun to to see what else is
going on and you know on the other side
of the screen you know yes okay we got a
bolt okay okay do you smell good do you
smell good tree do it again
well good morning guys we even
introduced the vlog today do we even
like say hello it is 9:00 at night it is
9:00 at night we have had a crazy crazy
day of traveling unpacking I've got the
kids bathe their hair scrubbed through
ears clean their nails clipped their
bums washed they are in bed and in fact
oh my goodness in fact I was doing
laundry and the kids were in bed and I
could hear Jackson they're talking
usually kind of talks and plays with the
book as he's going to bed
and he kind of was talking a little
louder hey hey hi hey hey and so I go
inside and sure enough Jackson is
hanging on the crib like this like he is
this year outside of the crib and he's
hanging on trying to like scooch himself
down for Jill I hate to get out of his
crib can you believe this though escape
artist and and I and Jarrod goes Ellie
Creek in here so I ran and I saw and
like let me go get the camera but the
cameras in the car
we didn't unpack the camera can you
believe that no babes vloggers don't
even say hello this money we did it we
just said like we just did like montage
just a little bit - on our way to the
airport
we we left a few hours early hey we had
a crazy morning yeah John tell us yeah
I'll tell him and then also about my
hair
so we said goodbye to mom and dad oh we
filmed that so that's gonna be an idea I
tried to remember so we said goodbye to
mom and dad and then we got all packed
up and we left mom and dad drove and we
are going to the airport going down the
elevator open the doors open
and Shay and Logan are standing right
there I'm like oh hey guys how's it
going and so we talked with them for a
little bit um a little bit too long we
were chatting and we well we found out
that we were on the same flight and I
was like let's just take the mover
together we had so much luggage that we
had to get like one of the big ones like
a suburban plus all the babies I was
like why don't you guys just join us and
they're like okay that's great and by
this time when we got on the uber we
probably had an hour before our flight
left not an hour
before you need to get to the airport an
hour before our flight left and it takes
about 25 minutes to get to the airport
so we're like um can you hurry as fast
as you possibly can to the airport and
traffic was bad and our driver was like
weaving in and out of traffic and he was
he was good but there was one time where
we literally almost got in a car
accident he swerved it I I didn't like
that I was like careful like yeah we got
you've got kids I'm here hey yeah um but
we get to the airport the airport is jam
freaking path you do not believe it so
Shay is the guy that you know has
traveled many times in the airport he's
like I got your luggage get upstairs the
L we took the elevator they took the
escalator we met him up there garlic is
Chad they're really nice they didn't
have to wait with us but they're really
nice to make sure we got on the flames
well seriously like and I think I think
Shane knows what it's like to travel
with kids and I just want to say like
thank you Shea and Logan because it was
way kind and nice yeah it was fun to
hang out and chat you know have someone
else to talk with in line and everything
but seriously it was very helpful I
think if we didn't have them now we
wouldn't we would have missed the flight
so thank you guys you guys are too kind
and so yeah we got home and I've been
looking event looking at my hair a lot
lately because Calvin's three months old
today we today it is this 3-month
birthday I know well wait maybe Charl I
given a little good outfit will
officially say happy three months
take a picture hold on this rose
probably posted by the time you see this
video yeah I'm sure but three months
postpartum I am losing my hair I am
losing my hair like if I love my hair up
like you can totally where I'm looking
in the new five the viewfinder you can
see these little hairs and TOI losing my
hair and so I was going to get my hair
like a colored and stuff before I had
Calvin but then I was like you know I'm
just going to wait till I have him and
then have postpartum hair where I don't
like my hair and then get it done so I
can feel really good about myself and so
it is now postpartum time with my hair
coming out so I'm like time to get my
hair done so I've been looking at
pictures of what I want to do with it
I'm not going to cut it or anything but
like color but if you look if I lift
this is so gross my hair needs to be
washed but if you look at my hair look
at it like in the light you can see like
an inch that's really really blond and
then there's a good little dark patch
right there because that's where when I
used to color it kind of dark and then
the rest is this blonde it's like fade
out it's like I have my roots coming in
which are light like you can see my
blonde roots right there anyway kind of
crazy did you want to see that I'm sure
you did how long were you talking about
your hair right that was it we were they
were talking about having a polite off
yesterday too so I'm sorry if I was not
being polite you are you you can talk
about your hair anytime you want part of
an time on your hair channel oh I mean
I'm just kidding I'm totally kidding me
like you hug I wanted to talk about whoa
jeepers I wanted to talk about our week
this week I think it's gonna be a nice
nice week we don't have a ton of plans
and I think a lot of the things that
we're doing what I want to do and this
is I didn't even like say anything but
this is what I want to do Bonnie just
had her baby you know that right
and I want to take all of the kids I
want to freakin go to the wiggler
because that's fun for me too
and it also gives me a chance to get
work done because it's cool there and
the kids love playing with each other
there and so I was like oh I can take a
laptop get some work done and play with
the kids at the same time
takes the kids off of Ellie and Bonnie
it's like a bore it's like a fun guy
yeah if you want to come you can come
with me but for birds once actually no
no oh I'll let you take them and I'll do
my postpartum hair there you go yeah
sure but I wanted to say this Saturday
is is kind of something special
Ellie and I are going to be helping with
slash participating in a 5k about for
infertility awareness and one of the
things that they're doing is at this
event is they're actually giving away a
free IVF cycle I'm gonna have links to
it down below but if you're in the Salt
Lake City area this Saturday Ogden area
yeah Utah area if you want to go it's
it's in Salt Lake and come say hello to
us come support those who have struggled
are struggling with infertility and you
know this is something that's close to
home as you guys know and we want to
support and be a part of this community
because that's who we are
you know that's we were that are that
community yeah you never know it's crazy
you know what we've had a lot of
questions this weekend of do you want
more kids at the the Convention and I
always have absolutely I love a little
girl and who wouldn't want to see a
little Ellie walking right it's crazy
you just never know it's like you know
we tried with Jackson and took a while
and then you know luckily got pregnant
with Calvin which I don't really think
that really should have happened like
considering like my body and cycles and
all that stuff so I feel very extremely
blessed with my two little babies yeah
and then but you never I don't maybe my
next will be easy and maybe I just don't
know I've heard many stories of people
and it's just you just never know with I
love your a Terkel yeah I love hearing
other people's stories because it there
is a realness to it and it's there are a
lot of people who are going through it
and I feel like this is something that
we should talk about more often and and
to have the support postpartum
artim but that's that's what we're doing
this week is we're gonna have some fun
it's gonna be great
and I've never done a 5k before maybe
I'll take the scooter no you're walking
with me
Freeza the stroller is me but that's
what we've got going on thank you guys
again for those who came to vlogger fair
we had a blast it was so much fun we
love these conventions because it it's
such a refreshing thing like it makes us
it's a credible atmosphere fun it's
crazy it's exciting I makes us think
about why we do what we do and all of
these different things so thank you
thank you very much thank you very much
that's the nicest thing that anyone's
ever done for me
that's it let me actually know that
memory if you know that movie put in the
comment down below but we are going nope
not even close we are gonna call it a
night thank you guys so much for
watching and check out our shirts do you
like huh I'm sorry your hair Sorry Sorry
oh oh I'm all over the place these these
nyah are coming at you soon well a lot
of you guys saw in the comment yeah so
see you bye Kelly Oh both Barlet balls
ha ha ha
nose hairs unibrow boogers teeth
by travelpod
