oh my gosh why in the world didn't
coming up reading ecology asleep and
this is just what worked I guess my god
yeah you sitting there that's for sure
are you having fun hey nothing like
sitting in your jammies yes we did bathe
him in the sink when he was younger
yes no different then you've grown a
whole I wasn't expecting him to sit in
it I thought he'd just put his feet
hands in and then he got it so that's
okay right that's just fine there's I'm
sure there's some big soggy diapers off
his pants are all poopy anyway all those
other ones why not his
keep you soft be soft on his face good
morning from Seattle Washington how are
you Jackson yeah having a good time we
are here getting ready to have some
breakfast and guess what I have a sense
that mom and dad are gonna be here soon
grandma grandpa you will see grandma and
grandpa grandpa yeah yeah hey grandpa
say Papa
check us a magic trick I'm gonna make a
spoon float you ready one two oh my gosh
you see that that's cool
there's Grandma and Grandpa let's go say
hi Jackson do you see Grandma and
Grandpa you come back you see grandpa
look at this
hey Dad hey man how are ya oh good
seeing ya good to see how was the drive
it was awesome
good to see papa
say hi groundhog grandpa grandpa hey
grandpa oh you're being shy in front of
grandpa hi mom
elevator party elegant party and a
little party elevator party machine
grandma you're just like the bull at CVX
live Calvin's a little scared of the
world right now so he's holding my hand
for support that's here I actually kind
of like it I like walking around in the
city we're taking them all around yeah
this fan I think it's a lot of fun to do
this
yeah okay rub it together you rub it
together rub your hands together so you
can put lotion on your hands that's the
way today roses brought so we're just
interacting with each other going to
panels so this is the first panel we're
going to um that was dr. struck me was
that she said I just wanna let you know
that I really nervous for my videos and
I realized that I really raised my
standard put that if you're relying like
I gotta get these numbers it's not going
to come you already in it for a lot of
reason and that's gonna reflect in your
videos so for me like my father my
biggest problem is I'm so like
inconsistent with what I do I try to let
keep things fresh a little too much I'd
like to change my style like pretty much
every week but at the same time not like
in it for subscribers I would say it's
more or less like making that connection
with the people on a personal level and
it's a lot easier to do when your
channel is small so starting out if
you're just like talking people making
those connections then like later on
down the road things just tend to grow
any bigger it it happens more naturally
ultimately you'll have more power or
whatever with your fan base and you'll
get like a more natural
for me that's a husband a what you got I
was feeding at Kelvin and I changed a
cipher in the panel and I have can you
see that it looks like mustard it's
actually cooler I know I have two on my
shirt but you know what
that's okay that's that's the mom life
and I wouldn't have it any other way you
can poop on me any time
it's a subject of one of red links all
right Hodgins and was like a mutant and
you have two choices you can go down
that rabbit hole and try to explain that
to somebody or because it would take
come sit down by me yeah future your
cookie love your hair yes they do I love
your sleepy head
okay okay okay well Ellie there it is a
Space Needle mother last year and you
know what yeah and it was quite
miserable well it was crazy but I
remember thinking like what's gonna
happen if this falls over so that was my
thought I was miserable it was just
really late yeah it was late for Jackson
and and but we had fun so we are gonna
go ride the monorail back and we're
gonna go meet up with Grandma and
Grandpa I'm gonna pick up Jackson I
think we're gonna go do something
amazingly fun yes and then we will hug
girl gotta put him to bed
yep that's the plan thank you very much
grandpa I think we found Jackson hi bud
hi Jackson hi could you miss me oh no
when did you have fun with Grandma
grandpa
this is the first time my parents have
come with us to do anything like YouTube
related is that right
oh hi how are you I've like hey how's it
going official now that we're not in
like a no-talking setting my Niki hi oh
it's good to meet you I'm Jared this is
my wife Ellie well before we were
awesomely interrupted by some of these
youtubers my parents have never really
been to a YouTube related event and I'm
excited to introduce you to her friends
is what I was going to say we just ran
into a bunch of them but we're actually
Brian and Missy have a table set up for
us and we're gonna go meet them some
good food
raised it awesome segue which one are
you talking about my brother so you're
like smiling are they just smiling at
each other oh now I scared him off I I
totally backed right in the wrong way
oh my gosh did you see that what did you
do
they just hugged each other okay good as
long as every nice look excuse me these
boys all they want to do is run wild
wild and free all he goes down Jackson
goes down Jackson goes up all it goes up
they're having so much fun just running
the Children's Museum is closed but I
think we found something even greater
look at this play area this is huge this
is up my alley this is a play area for
me for me oh my goodness where did all I
run off to go go run off and play hm oh
there is a rock pit there's a rock pit
you wanna go play the rough it jump in
jump this is a rock fantasy just four
jacks oh this is awesome
Rock heaven oh that was nice of you guys
thank you very low oh that's cuter than
to push him thank you guys
Jackson found some fun friends whoo
they also keep they all put them on
there those kind cute
the Big Kahuna
look at this jungle gym this jungle gym
was made just for me I'm gonna see if I
can take Jackson on it and I think we're
gonna try and go down the slide crossing
our fingers let's do it well we didn't
get very far and Jackson wants to get
down hey look Jackson but we're gonna
get down okay you want to get down okay
let's get down it was worth a shot
someday someday grandpa how's Jackson I
made it to the top and all the way right
there is Ellie feeding Calvin Bryan I
believe in you we made it dude are you
ready to go down this are you going down
the sidewinder the speed demon I'm going
down the speed demon so I'm gonna do
three two one really
you did it you did it Brian he walked
right along the ropes
look at him go whoa there goes the
children he's a pro he is he's going
awesome this is seriously awesome Jarrod
hey I knew something you go down
what there's the whole spinny thing if
Jackson wasn't so stuck on the rock pit
he would love that
okay Jarrod's gonna go down I did it you
guys look over here and then try Jackson
look here guys let me think it's like
look at them you guys having fun yes I'm
not pregnant
okay I'm currently not rescued and
Calvin right now that means you can do
amazing stuff little fun this is insane
but this is cool because you go down
side you have to do a little workout
this is the craziest Park ever
okay ready why this I say go down I
think we should go down the throat of
the swirly swirly gumdrops usually looks
more fun physic but he's a good go fast
I have a solution
let's do though my stomach still kind of
today
that kind of help that was okay Jess
grab my hand
I've got you good job look at Jackson
and Grandpa look
grandpa's helping them across that
already do it my gloves recording a cat
that takes forever to get out there hmm
but that's that bite him for sure record
but we'd have to do it again actually
was more fun now that's really what's
real except you it was fun elevator we
didn't do in the lunch later no bleep I
just want to repeat grandma grandma we
got even less that is his first like
good luck you do it every now grandma
Oh oh my goodness I have been able to
get him to like giggle laughter that was
like a really good luck grandmas it was
a good laugh maybe a pooping okay we're
done the bigger your two in are you
making in less yeah you're so precious
okay well we all freshened up and now we
are on our way we've got a little
reception that we're going to tonight
Ellie you look beautiful tonight
we're having a lot of fun we rode the
monorail like three different times
already and we're just we're doing funny
things this is like the only clip that I
filmed at the party of a
like that
one two three yeah
I did it thanks God you guys are awesome
I know I'm not the only one that when
you're cold you get funny and you
literally like you utterly like walk in
the video but we are all here and we got
some hot mamas pizza is way too late but
we are party started we're in the air so
yeah I didn't want to be that far yeah
hello everyone hello hello oh here you
have to party relax we're together what
your have to be just legs or if you
don't know you look a little it's like a
minion yes
that was epic le well guys as you can
see the night has come to a close
le is totally asleep and I'm blurry oh
no I'm back thank you guys so much for
tuning in today we had an awesome time
at vlogger day today for you guys
tomorrow for us is vlogger fair we're
super excited be sure to say hello to
all of these guys here so smooth anyway
we'll see you guys tomorrow bye
