I did
good morning guys
last night was quite interesting wasn't
it you are starting to be hungry again
every two hours every two hours this
guy's being hungry let's look how big
you are I'm gonna let you down right
here oh you are wearing you are wearing
your brothers three-month long sleeve
onesie I can't believe it he is gonna be
so big guys it is three months almost
Calvin's almost three months so almost
three months postpartum for me and
that's when I started really losing my
hair with Jackson and I feel like my
hair just grew back and I'm losing it
again
so I contoured quite a bit today around
my forehead to deepen up the area but
like I am totally I'm not gonna lift it
up too much because I don't want to like
upset it but like I totally I'm losing
my hair totally losing my hair yes oh no
it just got styled now he's a week do
you ever have like when your hair hurts
yeah my hair was just like all like oh
yeah so I'm just trying to push it over
so it's supposed to be so when I wear my
hat yeah I need it on your hair hurts
okay we gotta get going that call me
okay guys are you ready on to our next
adventure
good morning we made it through security
just fine didn't we Ellie yes and all
eyes were on you well I think there
might be a reason this is like this is
ideal for a person because it's comfort
zone like we talked to so many people
today we showed so many people not like
they're just kind of fun talking oh yeah
it's such a good icebreaker I'll do on
my sunglasses okay you can wear the
sunglasses all playing right long Oh as
long as you're breathing
Jackson says I'm all done I put the
blanket in I'm done he could move look
at your hair
poor man
one more stop one more stuff and then we
are at the hotel we just gotta get a new
bird drive about 20 minutes and then we
are golden yeah we are Seattle I am 3
we shot
oh you said that last time we're tired
at night me to watch it this year should
so you just got to a room in Jackson ran
off on you oh did you hear him oh I see
little funny accent hi
that's the cutest little decoration ever
and you keep the decoration thank you
decoration yeah right you're gonna sleep
can we show them this view so we're
sitting on her bed all cute like couple
like and look at that view would you
just look at it I think that's so pretty
I love the water look at me Wow would
you just
where's Macy's may seem a ceases right
there but this is crazy
we're in Seattle last time I was in
Seattle I heard you strapped to me
Jackson you were what eight months seven
months old I don't know I don't know
math but anyway that's crazy this is
crazy love it beautiful I did you so
cute it's not his first laughs is that a
real laugh Calvin hey Dickie mama
ah hey mama ah hey ping you're so
handsome I scared him Jack you're Calvin
oh thank you
mm-hmm you love that you got to be
kidding me
we got to the hotel and I told Jared I
was like I should have brought one of my
bath bombs and Jared ran to the local
grocery store because that way we won't
have to spend so much money on going out
to eat like he got some chips and snacks
and some breakfast stuff for us and the
kids and then he pulled out
a little tiny teeny tiny bath bomb yeah
this was just for us what have you it's
okey diamond thank you this flavor and I
thought about it they had a weird one
and then they had a forest bath bomb and
I thought it would be fun because we're
surrounded by beautiful Wilden on
wilderness beautiful trees there are
it's very different than Utah so I
thought this vid except tomato it smell
it smells really good yeah it all smells
like smells like Whole Foods thank you
you're welcome
I love you Oh Calvin's really excited
exhale should we go see Holly join go
see AMI
I wonder if they're there check Calvin's
like I want a hug
that was that was the first time you
said it - oh really
so every once in a while I would watch
Chris Pirillo on Ustream and then
YouTube and everything like that and I
would always watch him sitting in his
chair doing his thing doing reviews just
talking because you how long would you
stream for 24/7 yeah you had a 24x7
Lightroom and I'd always click in to see
if you were there and you know a lot of
the times you weren't that's a lot of
the times you weren't and so I'm always
seeing Chris from this angle so it's so
crazy to see every break yeah but I'm
gonna sit in this chair like this is
like I feel like I'm taking over the you
know it's iconic I couldn't change it
even if I wanted to yeah wait that's
pretty cool hey Jared what Jared what
time is it okay how's the chair honestly
it's super comfortable and it's crazy
like it's just it's so weird seeing it
from the inside out mm-hmm right Chris
sitting here like explaining something
and talking and now I'm there you know
like you know it's it's really I'm like
fangirling away I'm not joking like no
and I'm like who are you watch watches
and it's Oh Reds the weirdest thing is
like now we have an association now
we're friends
but this is a Jared Mika I'm sitting in
for Chris Parrillo
I'm just gonna go for it
ever ever waiting on quality baby's
still Chris Parrillo there's actually
his home and he's actually the one that
is in charge of vlogger fair I didn't
know if you wanted to try it first
look this is Chris Parrillo he is the
man in charge started creator so we have
him yes naive like you're you're putting
it on but you're putting it on doing
idea
you're like the manager of vloggers I
guess usually it's like program director
here's a but without these guys none of
this would be possible and we're having
dinner at their house and it's awesome
for them to invite us so thank you yes I
think it's a beautiful home Jackson
actually we got him a mama roux and we
ought we returned it when we bought up
because Jackson did really like it
didn't seem to need it but Calvin on the
other hand I put him in there mama row
and he like is loving it look at him
maybe something will think about but
they have food everywhere um does this
not look amazing all this chocolate I
want to say that but there are o milk
cookies she's gone
Dianna's over here cooking up some super
doubt what are you cooking amazing
made with them I feel it's the glue b12
okay well thank you me too so she's
cooking this stuff up and then we have
those really good burger anyway we're
just here we do not call the Katy they
go to get here and then the party pretty
sorry
look Calvin how are you but you doing
good hey there's a smile for daddy this
is a test I am testing out the HTC
breathe for filming right now this is
it's filming right now looks like
exactly I supposed to have like a really
wide angle lens oh you got to show the
audience at home this is what the camera
looks like it's just the white part it's
like a little pin holes right in your
hand
this is like I know like this cool take
that one yeah this is so cool can you
say hi Jackson say hi Chris says there's
a mirror over here so I can show you
guys oh I see it
look how tiny this is look I even I even
like trim my unibrow for you guys look
at that isn't that so cool I've got a
little wrist strap on it maybe we could
do a little slow motion we're gonna do a
little slow-mo okay slow-mo
sorry Jack I'm so excited
Katie I guess are not coming
unfortunately they've been traveling all
day and I guess they had a really hard
time getting ready for so they're going
and putting little Mansi games down for
bed and Thank You Joanna
I just put a Jackson down for bed and
and he he loved he loves us he was
clearly ready for that you invited
Jackson he's the time yeah yeah he was
ready for bed I sang him a few songs and
laid them down and oh thank you so now I
can enjoy my dinner
well we finally made it back to the
hotel and the kids are asleep and I am
about to be asleep too
I have a feeling I'm going to be doing a
lot of sleep editing tonight go fast I
will edit super fast thank you guys so
much for watching thank you for tuning
in with us as we travel to Seattle for
blogger fares we hope to see you guys
this weekend thank you so much for
watching and we'll see you guys tomorrow
any huge thanks to Chris Parrillo for
dinner and Diana and Liz it was so much
fun
cannot wait thank you
