Jackson the baby sleeping what do we do
say Shh I don't think he knows oh yeah
yeah if we showed him like okay Shh
and so Jackson goes he's doing it to the
babe oh yes good job Jackson can't go
Shh
take a look
Oh Jackson Jackson remember Shh yeah Shh
it's more like this I know that's more
like Shh you do it Ellie Shh just go
mom yeah okay I'm good
he pips a lop
there's too much Hey you like that huh
that feels good
he is eating much better than I kill at
least lean and eat both sides so that
makes it's not so uncomfortable
no so that's much better every day I'm
getting more and more excited for this
weekend I just got off the phone with my
mom and dad and they're coming to
vloggerfair to help with kids but I
think almost more importantly it's
almost like a long time coming like a
dream come true as a kid I just looked
up the Mariner schedule for this weekend
and they are gonna be playing at home
against the White Sox and so I was like
how many times as a kid did I ask my
parents to go see a Mariners game like
how much did I wish and hope that just
one day I could see ken griffey jr.
blast off a home run like nobody's
business
I thought about it all the time but I
never ever had a chance but I think
today you know it's the weekend to do it
don't you think like me and my dad I
worried that they're gonna be sold out I
don't think I just actually checked
they're not sold out yet okay yeah I
think wishing it I think that would be
so much fun
like Oh a dream come true don't you
think well actually last year I remember
going I remember my head outside okay
make sure I should surprise Jer to get
him but then look at just cut it came
yeah just like comes around the corner
yeah I
I am selfish where I want to go if you I
want to get tickets and go with you but
I think that you honestly should get
tickets and you know what I believe why
can't we all go as a family that would
be fun Jackson and Calvin I love it
how cool would it my dad takes me and I
take Jackson if you guys know what that
would be so cool
you sit there eat a hot dog forever and
crackerjacks yeah I don't care if I
never come back so its root root root
for the home team if they don't win it's
a shame for it's one two three
hang out at the old ball game I I think
that you should see this I'll look into
it I'm gonna look into it I'm gonna look
into it and if it doesn't work out it's
fine
we're going to be coming to vlogger fair
and Seattle in the future come on me
I think someone found a new favorite toy
it's funny what Jackson like learns like
he has so many toys and then sometimes
he's like oh this is really cool and he
plays with it he's been playing with
this one a lot lately oh I put it on
sure push it down good job
Oh Calvin you missing out on the fun are
you saying mom mom mom come save me yeah
we're going we're going now we are going
to see funny I'm so excited
that's like not even half the news yeah
saying half the news she's at a five and
she's at the hospital now she's been
there kind of she's been there all day
and and this is some big news for us or
big this not big news this is a big deal
a momentous occasion we don't get
babysitters and it's not that we don't
want to get them I've I've been telling
Jared lately I was like we need to set
an official date night we need to go on
a date night once a week like I need
that and but we just we never do and
it's because we'll one we really don't
like leaving Jackson like I kind of
don't like leaving him quite yet even
when grandma grandpa I'm always like oh
I hope you doing okay and but then it's
you have to find people you trust and
they have probably two babysitters on
our own with Jackson and then we've had
like a babysitter when we've had a
minute Bonnie's house before but we've
never had a babysitter like on our own
especially since moving here yeah we let
me move here what a year ago in November
so really coming up and but there's a
really nice girl that we trust that she
actually watches Bonnie's kids so she
was so sweet to come over and play at
Jackson and Jackson is really excited
but we are on our way to go see Bonnie I
like I already missed I look back and
I'm like I know like it hasn't even been
a minute it literally spent two minutes
or something well I'm just nice about
our our situation is like we really are
together all the time and I love God I
wouldn't trade it for the world I
wouldn't trade it for the world but
we're gonna go get a lot done we're
gonna go see Bonnie and see how she's
doing well Ellie it wasn't too long ago
that we were walking in this way to go
have a baby we're just not weird oh
that's so crazy crazy how fast time
doesn't it doesn't it make you want to
have another one I said told you I was
like I can't do this again and then I
think like no Kelvin this is where you
were born we just had you not too long
ago we walked through these doors to get
here and then to leave gosh it's the
memories just flood back the feelings
like how I was feeling and all of that
stuff was just crazy
oh yeah hi hi are you good are you ready
to have a baby I'm excited yeah I think
so I met a five now and it's just making
things more exciting like no I'm ready
this morning I was not I think I was mad
that I had a baby but I'll tell him what
he told me that I had to apologize to my
because I just was not like a mood I was
not ready to have a baby but I think I'm
ready are you ready Joel oh yeah yeah
I'm excited for a little link little
link I'm excited
what called mom's in the waiting room
Calvin huh we'll be right back
well I found around it's good that we
can go buy an expensive gift bag at the
gift shop for you so it is perfect okay
dig until you don't like the stuff there
might be a couple diapers in there -
what I was really really really really
hoping when I saw you're getting Emma
she's going to support or Ulta I was
like please give you this Smashbox
victim I went there I went there and I
was like where's your contour stick she
was all the right here and I was like
those are not it they were like that
much about individual icons or one so I
had mom get it and really eight inoculum
that was all that was nice of you I
understood a few of those words those
contour sticks were jumbo size well now
give each other a hug
- Tay I just loved having good snacks on
the side of my bed after I had the baby
on you know my allergies oh and this
whoa
why am i giving you food but did you try
a nice day broom because you're my
favorite good
Oh Mikey feel it I'm Jill feel it she
gave you a contraction it's okay
Pam Birdemic you guys you guys look so
good in the hospital you know that like
Ellie and Bonnie you guys are just like
the most beautiful girls giving birth
like that's so amazing I know someone
asking they're like are you gonna be
wearing makeup I'm like yeah who doesn't
I like I always just makes me feel like
I can yeah a collab
I like to wear a little you know
warriors back in the day they would
actually wear makeup when they went into
the battle because it just made them
feel ready sure sorry true I love baby
wearing and I loved wearing Calvin and
the rap but I am really glad that he
still sturdy enough for me to wear them
in the Ergo and I love it I love wearing
it like I love his little fees this is
his little hands through space I just
wanted well this is very very rare this
is a treat
what would you like to talk about it
dinner oh my god gather how much we miss
Jackson um we're talk about something
different I think what we normally talk
about what is it normally talk about if
you guys talk about YouTube okay cuz I
it's we love it but I think we're I
don't know let's much time to talk about
yeah we'll talk about something if you
look closely you can see an armadillo
dancing right there
you see it Ali well I want to tell a
story and I don't know if I've ever done
it on the vlog before like I think I
think it's I think it's amusing but
forgive me if I were notorious Lloyd
back in high school I worked at Red
Robin and I did just about everything
there but one thing that I did that was
very special but I dressed up as Robin
friend I dressed up as Red Robin and
that's just the arm the girl told me
reminds me of getting his a suit on a
hot summer day and trying to make people
laugh at the entertainer in fact
sometimes what I would do is I would
just sit as still as possible and try
and be a statue like
and then people come sit next to me if I
take pictures and write in there about
the victor picture I'd I'd move in like
jump and scarib and so that I mean
that's what I would do but but not only
just not not at the restaurant I would
go to like hockey games and I would like
to know yeah I would do stuff them
yeah anytime Red Robin sponsored
something I was usually there has been
WAP I did not know it and it was funny
because I mean you're wearing like
tights like skimpy Under Armour tights
people would always call me chicken legs
and that was kind of emotionally
heartbreaking for me but I'm kidding it
was a lot of fun I thought it was fun
there is the armadillo hey what's up
look at those moves that was really such
a nice enjoyable to even it was so good
we were talking about like things that
we've always thought about as kids or
something and I always told Jared or I
told Jared that growing up I always
wanted a new start I always thought it
would be fun to go to a new school I
thought I'd be fun to move and one time
I think my dad got offered a job in
Kentucky but then ended up not taking it
and I remember being so sacks I thought
that would have been so fun it's just
something that I always wanted to do as
a kid I always wanted a new start and
Jared was the chicken for for the the
ramen yo yo yo Red Robin
sorry that's of the chickens every I did
I'm sorry you're the Robin huh you have
cute legs by the way cute man legs sorry
I scary eyes curious curious we talked a
lot about things that we don't normally
talk about things that we would do
differently if we could go back and and
honestly we didn't have a lot of things
that we would do different but a lot of
regrets I'm excited for the future I'm
excited to hatch out plans that we have
and we fun yeah norms are doing it
together
yeah bonnie is a
still I believe she got our girl like 30
minutes ago
so we're know like hey 40 months ago Oh
while ago
yeah well Jared's gonna stay here with
Kelvin for a little bit um I'm going to
go back and then we're all going to take
turns visiting well tell then and then
mom will come out to me you can go back
together again
I will sounds good love you love you I
totally was not planning on filming
because this is a huge deal for Bonnie
and it is a big video for her to do and
it is very personal and she was so soon
she's like you can film a little bit so
we got just a little taste and Thank You
Bonnie and I forget how tiny they are
yeah
Kelvin tea you do you know what I mean
it's like I Kelvin it's just a new baby
but he's really he's already changed so
much since I wasn't in the two and a
half months you know it's crazy these
pictures up there and I just think weird
you know though he was only who's only
ten days old right there
where did that little boy go ten days
yeah that's crazy it makes me happy that
they're growing they're happy and
healthy but good job Bonnie and Joel
congratulations you guys you'll hear all
about it sure love you and Bonnie let me
stay in the room thank you so much that
was just amazing we're gonna go ahead
and end our night and we're going to go
ahead and end the vlog bonnie is
planning on doing her birth video
probably I would think maybe here in a
week or so she's the one that films and
edits her videos and so I would think
maybe here in a week when she gets
situated the video will go up is from
what she's told me so go ahead and check
her out definitely have her channel down
below love her she's been so cute and
supportive from me with us from day one
and I just I love her and her family so
go check that out guys babies babies are
wonderful babies are beautiful
life is beautiful makes you think about
life doesn't it yeah
very grateful for our blessings so we
will see you guys tomorrow bye
