hey I want to come in and tell you that
I love you and say goodnight okay
can you give me a hug Oh Bobby fine I
sing goodbye dear blanket and binky I
don't think so
hey Kimmy kiss I love you so much
he had like a little cheesy smile on his
face and I started always stop now Ellie
tell me how you're feeling
you don't feel very good huh um today
has been and so Bonnie invited us to
this beautiful park and I had sandwiches
ready for everybody and I honestly think
it's because I stayed up really late and
then I was up all night with Kelvin so I
just got like you know not much sleep
but I woke up this morning and my head I
was like Jared my eyes because I was
filming a video I did like a little
first impressions for to go up whenever
and we use box lights and everything so
there's a light right behind the camera
and any time I only looks at the lens
there's a bright light there well and I
was I was doing my video and I called
journaling John I can't see it like the
Lighting's bad music no it's not looks
great I was like I can't see myself in
the FIFA and the viewfinder like my eyes
and then uh and then I laid down and I
was like mine I've never had a headache
like that before I couldn't even open my
eyes and feed Calvin like we just laid
there and then took a nap together and
like I was in bed all like I'm washing
the sheets now cuz Jackson came in and
still juice everywhere and hahaha but it
was the worst headache and it's so much
better now but I still can feel it
like right here if I move my head I can
feel it that what it was it was not just
a headache Ellie you're playing this a
little bit lighter it was a
vomit-inducing
migraine like it was bad you were in
that bathroom I'm sorry this is a little
detailed but I have to tell you like
Ellie Ellie does not when she's not
feeling well she doesn't really tell you
that she has to be feeling like really
bad in order for her to even say
anything so this is like really bad yeah
I I but I
think I think you're doing better though
when I took a bath and everything it's
been several several hours this I do
feel a lot better but there's no way I
was I could even talk do you think that
it's you're done like do you think it
was like just that a migraine and like
now it's done or do you feel like it's
something that's gonna dwell on for a
little it's just because it's like I bet
in the morning I'm excited I feel good
yeah oh that's good
it was crazy guys I was like yeah I'm
not doing that again
I'm not sick enough okay oh I thought I
could stay bite me back in our college
days Ellie we pulled all-nighters all
the time one do you remember that time
if we were told you remember that time
Jared night it was like Jared just got
home from school and then we both got
home from work and it was at 1:00 in the
morning we're laying in bed and I was
like John go get Taco Bell oh he's gonna
know one morning drove down got some
tacos at home ain't no one good it was
so fun it's like spontaneous yeah well
and then the other time is we had some
friends where we used to live and we
were in bed and I thought this was the
funniest thing it was like right when we
moved so we're just getting to know
people and we got a text message from
like the love it was like 11:00 and I
we're in our pajamas like hey do you
want to go to Sonic and get some
milkshakes and Ali and I looked at each
other like yes like we rushed out of bed
like pretended we weren't in our jammies
and we went and hung out with our
college friends yeah oh my goodness are
we party poopers cuz we could go to bed
early no that what it is no we did not
go to bed early last night no we didn't
in fact I was up till 2:00 I think yeah
and then I got up at 6:00 with Jackson
but it was really fun uh editing
together like charities yeah editing and
we were talking and I was asking him
questions he that's like it was fun and
- hi I fell asleep
editing and I was like Jared threw
something at me I was like I'm awake you
have to be awake I I find that I sleep
edit quite a bit yeah you did I do and
if I miss anything in the vlogs I
apologize right now if there are
something that was supposed to be cut
out that wasn't blamed it on sleeping
Jared so hashtag sleeping Jared
sleep editing or something - I'm not
Calvin's doing really well Calvin is
doing good watch the birth video today
you did is I was like how it looks so
big and I wanted to like see how Lily
was and I just I cannot believe in like
two and a half months ting year three
months how much he's changed
hi I cannot even believe it you might
get turtle I don't know yeah there's a
suma hahaha well Jackson Calvin and I
had some good quality time together
today too we were hanging out a lot
while mom was napping and trying to get
better and it was so funny we were all
downstairs and we were just watching a
show and Calvin was just like hanging
out like he just loved it he'd been good
well he loved seeing Jackson Jackson
would peek over the rock and play and he
and Calvin would like look up and smile
at him and in cool a little bit and
Jackson back him just screaming yeah oh
yeah Calvin would job the video and it
was like when Jackson that was only a
few months ago here he grew up in two
months I am he was such a baby when we
brought him to the hospital to meet
Calvin and like now he's soft with him
and like cuddles in and tries to give
him his binky like he didn't he couldn't
comprehend any of that justifieth go
every time he sees them with the binky
he takes it out and tries to put it back
in it's so fine Calvin kinda hates it
we've got some adventures though this
week though guys I want to show you
something I've I think I can show on
this yeah I could because by the time
yeah I'm gonna show you guys something I
tweeted out or a little bit earlier
today that I just wrapped up a big
surprise and this big surprise I want to
show you right over here it's pretty
heavy so oh gotta lift it I just wrapped
up this big surprise um Joel Ellie and I
have been sneaking this around for
probably about a week now you can't you
can't tell what it is I'm not gonna say
what it is that's Joel's presence yeah
this is Joel's present but I wrapped it
up and I'm so excited for for bunny Oh
like right now like why did I do that
like and this is the first time I've
like held Calvin today too because I cut
the hole
earlier I was lying in bed all day and I
said you have to bring him to me to feed
him that was like so sorry I'm sorry man
but Jules coming to pick this up because
we didn't want Bonnie to see it so we've
been storing it in my house and I
wrapped it does it look pretty good I
think it's like one of the best wrapping
jobs I've ever done except for my normal
wrapping like yo this is me freestyling
and I'm just Chuck I'm not I'm a
terrible rapper uh there was one video
when we were at her old house we're
talking about me being a bad rapper with
wrapping paper and lyrics when we were
trying to find our keys I think so
Tigers trying to find our keys for two
days and then we found in my couch to
see all the memories like today I was
watching the birth video again I was
like I would never have remembered that
her like I'm so glad that we filmed
Chilika why do you remember that you
have a handkerchief with you you know
like you you that's like your dad's
handkerchief you know so yeah he was so
little he's just a little just been so
scrunched yeah we've got a busy week
ahead of us though guys we've got
Bonnie's having the baby tomorrow the
next day we're getting ready to go to
vlogger fair like isn't that crazy
yeah that's insane oh we have to talk to
your parents
oh my gosh sure come we haven't even
like really like talked and stuff about
how it go it's gonna go down yeah but so
we're gonna get ready for vlogger fair
guys I'm going to have links to vlogger
fair down below if you guys are
interested in going it's in Seattle it's
a lot of fun it's one of the most
intimate conventions that we've ever
been to it's our second year going there
we love it I love Seattle area oh do you
think I was talking about like
eventually where we'll live and like we
want a green backyard and see how
beautiful Seattle's great it does rain a
lot though yeah it does rain a lot do
you think you could handle the rain yeah
but I think Jen and I are pretty said
that we like this area especially after
go into the park yesterday I'm like okay
I I feel like I got you know my fix you
know I want to live somewhere like that
which by the way that was a cute video I
mean today just like kind of our
relaxing this is a bottle episode
the video but yes there's really funny
way to keep montage yeah yeah well guys
I think that's gonna do it for us it's
this is like an official one take Sunday
because Ellie hasn't been feeling good
I've been taking care of her all day
today I've been trying to take care of
the kids as best I can
Jackson is a pooping machine I know and
so is Calvin like last little sharp
teeth in yeah and those are brutal those
are like worse than molars oh man
they're brutal so we've all just been
taking care of each other and taking
care of mom so that's what we're doing
for you guys today thanks so much for
watching we hope you have a wonderful
week today oh this is this is Sunday so
tomorrow's Monday yeah so this is what
I'm gonna do
it's the very start of the week if you
guys are watching this a day that it
goes up do something different today
that you don't normally do that's going
to make your week even better make
something change do something out of the
ordinary
so you're happier or you're making
someone else happier I challenge you
guys to do that let me know what you
guys are gonna do in the comments
section down below and we'll see you
guys tomorrow
hey is that a good challenge yeah I got
to think of one then yeah we've got to
think of one I won't put it in the
comments - Ravi okay say goodbye say bye
oh do I scare you with the camera oh oh
oh
member
