Jackson where's grandpa where's grandpa
where's grandpa can't point to him
grandpa that's grandpa every morning
have breakfast Jackson sits there and he
points that parent goes papa
okay say Papa and I was just thinking
when this picture got taken that was
roughly six months ago a little bit more
I think than six months ago and it's
crazy how eleven weeks ago we brought
coming home and Jackson didn't really
talk much she still was just like a
little baby and now Jackson's talking so
much and he's so long and tall and I was
looking at Jackson's body today just
thought next time he has a little growth
spurt he's gonna be like this tall
toddler and it's just and now he's
talking so much so in 11 more weeks or
even in six more months this is crazy
how fast they grow and how whiny they
get rare are you wanting a drink she
could drink the water
say water
I feel really accomplished today that I
was able to actually wash my hair and
straighten it and get my makeup on but I
am on my way into town with Calvin baby
baby sleeping Calvin Bonnie
Aunt Bonnie's gonna have her baby any
day now and I am going to go get her
just a little gift because I think it's
kind of fun to get a gift Freddie have a
baby so I don't know what I'm gonna get
her um excuse me you're kind of in the
way and you're snoring
Kelvin where am I supposed to put all of
our groceries I'm fine you can stay he's
kind of like a sack of potatoes
you like the size of the sack of
potatoes when I had Calvin somebody
brought me over a meal and what it was
was this croissant with chicken in it
and some watermelon and grapes and they
even gave me some like banana bread and
I finally found the recipe they keep the
truest and I guess Bonnie told me
they're called chicken pillows something
like that chicken pillows anyway I found
her ass to Pete and I made it and I hope
it's good well what jarred meet the test
of that so Ellie just made lunch and she
said I'm kind of nervous because I was
supposed to add a little more cream
cheese but I didn't really want to and
I'm like thank goodness she's kind of
where she's like dude I really hope you
like him I love them these are so
stinking good I just say one up and
we've got a bunch more over here I'm
really excited because I think this will
these will be good for like a couple
days don't you think like lunch and
dinner is stuff oh you're right mmm but
look she even made a couple little tiny
ones for Jackson how cute is she isn't
she the best I think you're the best I
just told you in the future that I think
you're the best but I'm telling you
right now - I think you're the best it
was a success
hey you hey you hey where you going I'm
talking to you come here I'm talking to
you can't be here
Jackson I have a question for you I have
a question for you do you want to go
with me to get them out you want to go
with me to get the mail oh okay let's go
let's go get the mail okay well thanks
for coming along with me Jackson no it's
fun huh who was that fun oh good oh
really oh oh oh
Ellie we just got a text message from
Bonnie you want me to read it to you
okay says we are leaving now to get corn
dogs and then we'll swing by you for you
to follow us
uh-uh-uh-uh-uh congas they are so good
me guys we're gonna go hang out with
Bonnie and Joel we're gonna have some
sweet corn dogs and go to the park
Jackson does that sound like so much fun
he's like I'm distracted okay let's load
up the car we got to go eat some corn
dogs
we're following bunny angel and they
said hey yeah we're gonna go have corn
dogs at the park and my first thought
was like oh yeah the park it's like two
minutes away well we've been driving for
like a half an hour my next thought is
like we're in this like podunk town
there they're taking us out somewhere in
the middle of nowhere so they can kill
us that's what they're doing are they do
this is like Breaking Bad they're like
oh yeah we've got a great place we're
gonna show you it's gonna be great
well let me just get some of my
Heisenberg good blue stuff and then pop
pop deleted deleted gosh I don't I have
no idea what to expect
Ellie it better be a good party that's a
good park slur base or something
7-eleven is where they're taking us
slurping Apple Apple Apple Apple oh my
goodness gracious so when's dinner
tonight guys oh holy cow that's crazy
well if you guys don't know that's
actually like a pig in there that
they're they're grilling oh wow that
smells so good oh my gosh well I think
we're getting the next best thing other
than pig condi I've already think it was
today that's another how are they oh man
look how beautiful this is and this is
like exactly what I was talking about
the other day just like how I want to be
in a place where there's just like trees
and water like wow do you hear that
listen yeah you can hear the water over
right over there we walk over there the
lead goes through the park oh sweet and
then so Joel was saying like let's go to
the park and I was like man I wish I had
my baseball man I have it at home in
Washington
luckily Joel boyscout is prepared has
two gloves oh man this is like check out
the ball it's cute that's okay that just
means when I miss and nigut you get hit
it doesn't hurt as bad
you ready take a bath so this is the
plan for the remainder of the evening if
you guys aren't interested Ellie what
are you doing
I am braving it I am gonna finally film
some videos for my channel I have
slapped a little bit but it's cuz I've
been meaning so we are gonna get Ellie
set up she's probably gonna film like
two videos tonight we're gonna bust our
butt
I don't know why the cameras facing like
right here but it's filming something
very important okay alright well stay
tuned for some videos on Ellie's Channel
I'm not sure when are these gonna be up
I say every Friday but it's Saturday and
tomorrow you'll see the site Sunday I
think I'll have one of this in a few
days and then Friday Friday Fridays okay
plan there you have a guy's like like
stay tuned for Ellie's videos on her
channel be sure to subscribe to it if
you haven't already and we'll see you
guys tomorrow
see ya bye
