hey hey mister you keep coughing so much
Vicky's coffin say hi say raise your
hands it took it to get to go
raise your hands just like you just
don't care
ticka ticka ticka ticka guys Kelvin is
two and a half months old and he has
gained six pounds in two and a half
months six pounds I am so proud of him
and I'm so proud of me so pat on the
back and give me a high five high five
high five so proud of you that's awesome
I have one question one question only
what's that do you want to go see Cody I
thought you were gonna say what are
those movie that's it's like a joke I'm
buying or something hey what are you
guys doing here this isn't your town
this is our town
I'm sure oh geez good seeing you guys
how are you good
what's that we'll see you around the
corner I've got to hurry before the
light turns green Ellie that's your
parents I guess I have two questions do
you want to see Grandma and Grandpa yeah
okay cool let's go see Cody Boston
Olivia Lincoln grandma grandpa Bonnie I
missing someone Joel hmm I think this
could be work I'll be at work okay let's
go see em check spin TC Grandma and
Grandpa go get grandpa go get grandpa go
give him a hug give grandpa hugs show me
a pikiao don't be scared of grandpa go
give him a hug Jackson what I don't care
I don't care there you go yeah give him
a kiss hmm oh there you go me hug lay
your head down lay your head down it's
like I just woke up from my nap
please that what he's named I'm sneaking
around to the backside of the house
because I'm gonna spy on Cody Boston in
Jackson and I hear them laughing so I
want to see what they're doing
ah
hi bud hey you found me huh did you find
oh do you know how to open the gate hey
time high-five
don't come out what okay
okay kids I think it's time we get out
of this house what do you say do you
guys want to go the wiggle worm vishka
are you guys excited are we gonna go
play and have fun and do awesome thing
can be awesome and amazing available
fatso she'll be one awesome that's all
gravis mom this this just hit the camera
and my face at the same time ready but
disappeared let's load up the corn I go
you catch you catch
yes here my keys
keep it under fifty if you go anywhere
okay you ready bud let's go in the car
one Q help my hipster step fun was that
fun okay Ellie started this but I think
we're gonna make it a tradition now so
I'm going to actually even posted it on
Twitter one of these days but should we
do it Jackson should we do it
are you sure should we do it let's do it
there we go what do you think guys my
handwriting's not that great but I think
that's good enough
Kate Boston can you go down the slide oh
good job Oh Olivia is that your house
oh can I come in knock knock knock knock
knock can I come in
well let's see if I can even fit let's
see if I can fit oh I can barely fit in
the doorway Olivia
I can't interfere no no way oh okay I'm
in okay Jackson do you want to come in -
come on in Jackson Jackson there we go
okay that's a fireplace oh my gosh it's
a secret passageway hmm
did you just find the closet - Narnia
you'll fit but well I fit yeah Oh
challenge accepted will you fill me yeah
Olivia doesn't think I can fit in there
so I'm gonna try it okay
oh I'm damn it I'm gonna pig I'm getting
through ah see I get it Kate go to your
turn Boston Boston something tells me
this isn't gonna work out
you're way off the ground and I'm I'm
sitting on the ground ready whoo oh I
can't even do it I can't even do it
alright you two we're gonna have a race
of the quickest person on the bike are
you guys ready
um wait not yeah holy cow you guys are
jumping the gun on my count I'm gonna go
one two three go and that's when you go
and I want you guys to go around twice
okay can you do that and yeah Boston can
he can join in - ready 1 2 3 go come on
oh oh okay we've got lap one Cody's in
first place he's going around the corner
with great speed come on Olivia come on
you can pick a chopper to UM
come on Boston you haven't even started
yet Oh Libby's making it close Cody's
coming around and Cody finishes good job
good job Olivia oh no it's okay it's
okay sometimes I think I have just as
much fun playing at these places that
the kids do and so Jackson do you know
what we're gonna do we're gonna go down
the slide together the big one Eddie sir
here we go nothing too big uh-uh
stick up Jackson Jackson I think we're
stuck I think we're stuck I just said
look Jackson oh my goodness we made it
oh we made it here
I think we'd soon I think we need
someone else to show us how to do it a
little bit better okay I'm gonna call in
the troops no we're going we're going
down the side so I'm good
but one thing about is taken this is
will go warmer
never know that I've read the word thing
down below make sure you do it
ee down below and I will be signing on
this box this is fine it's really really
funny no way I have some bad news you
want to hear the bad news
Boston poot so we have to go home oh I
don't have anything with me I did not
come prepared I'm not a good dad in this
situation cake so we're gonna wrangle up
but real quick before we go do you guys
want to do a quick show do you want to
do a quick show Cody okay hurry grab
some costumes and let's do a quick show
okay Jackson just saw me put this on and
he's smiling do you think that's funny I
just put this on is this silly guys is
this silly is that silly oh my gosh it
is silly there that's a little bit
better
are you guys ready are you guys ready to
perform are you guys ready okay I'll say
1 2 3 action and then I'll open the
curtains and you guys go ok ok 1 2 3
action oh let me get the current
okay ready get your horse don't touch
you wanna stay home okay action
monster Oh little technical difficulties
they're working in the show right there
ladies and Jamaica where I love for
participating in the tonight's event
we'll be here all week thank you guys
have a good night
I just love looking out here and seeing
these kids play and have fun you know it
makes me think like what you say it just
makes me think like wow like these kids
what would it be like to be a kid again
with what we know now do you know what I
mean like what would you do differently
as a kid with what you know now
not like nap time yeah I think that
would be number one most but honestly I
don't even remember as a kid having to
take naps I'm not mom and dad you'll
have to tell me like yeah but at the
same time you're like gosh like if we
could go back and have nap time and
running around in my skivvies yeah I
think you know I think we do that plenty
enough already
but I don't know like I think I of
course you're like looking back you're
like yeah that was the life like I would
take advantage of it more I play more
and have more fun and don't worry about
it I would do much for so I could play
more and that's what I
do that now right you probably be doing
that now not procrastinating yeah
there's so much out there waiting for us
if we just get what we need to do done
then we can do all those fun things then
let that be a lesson for you Jared and
everyone else who's watching get what
you need to do done now so you can go
have fun
right okay Jackson it's time to get
ready for bed
are you ready we're gonna do this as
fast as we can okay okay one two three
did you are you so true you're so
handsome you know that huh I love you
we're brothers forever what more can we
say our friendship is special in so many
ways because we love one another and our
brothers forever Jackson would not go to
sleep without a book and a football in
his hands
I say buh-bye mmm say buh-bye
ah Jackson has now made us left two
nights in a row really really hard last
night busting up laughing last night he
was having a hard time going to sleep
and he just is playing in his crib and
it was like 8:40 and Jared I walked in
and were like hi Jackson and I was like
drunk go downstairs and get a treat and
he was so excited it tree as in milk and
like a little bit of banana bread and we
walked down the stairs and Jackson the
whole time was like yeah yeah like he
knew that that was a special it wasn't
like a normal thing that he would
normally do like it was out of the
ordinary and he liked it and then
tonight uh uh Jackson's asleep and or I
thought he is asleep and I was in here
and I was like Jared you come in and
Jackson goes yeah I we both Rugman what
the heck I was like I wish we got that
on film cuz he's like yeah like he was
like I want to come open in rehab
he's in there just quiet I would avoid
but Calvin is hanging out with us he has
a little cough I took unto the doctor's
today he has a little cough and is a
little congested so he's kind of been a
little sad so we're just hanging out
cuddling and we're getting ready to
watch some care of being a wildlife from
Brian a musu um see how we're gonna
catch up on some of our youtubes and
hang out and go to bed that's the plan
Stan
alright guys thanks so much for watching
be sure to check out our vlogger fair
tickets down below if you guys are
interested in going and we'll see you
next time bye say bye hmm
I'm a little turtle the turtle hi turtle
can I get on my shell you might not turn
Lee enough for the turtle club Hey
all right cuddles
