hello darkness my old friend
that's that song is called the sounds
and that's what we're listening to none
of the kids are crying it's quiet time
and it is peaceful and I want to kiss
you
yo what's up guys how you doing I'm
doing great today I'm wearing my cat
shirt but I'm not gonna be wearing it
for long because I got something in the
mail and I want to show it to you guys
right now because it's so something
amazing I got myself in the mail some CK
swag so you can sweat ready 1 2 3 ho ah
got it on what do you guys think I think
it's good it's super soft I love it it's
very very nice
good job Khan and KB so that makes me
think of another thing guys so vlogger
fair is just around the corner it starts
this Friday and we brought some t-shirts
to CVX live with the camera logo on our
t-shirts and I love those t-shirts
they're awesome so it made me think
we're definitely bringing those t-shirts
to vlogger fair but I wanted to ask you
guys would you guys also be interested
if I brought the Ellie and Jared circle
logos with the e + J like our original
not original but our t-shirts here I'll
just go over and show you if you guys
don't know I'm gonna come over here and
I'm gonna show it to you what I'm gonna
do is I'm gonna show it to you I'm gonna
show it to you with your eyeballs so you
can see you're married just by a lasso
around a full moon down for you these
shirts right here would you guys be
interested if I brought these to vlogger
fair those who are coming that's I've
got a phone call today with the printing
company I'm gonna see if they can print
those for us that's what I'm doing right
now guys I've got some phone calls to do
Ellie is over at Bonnie's house helping
her take care of some of the kids and
just having a good time let's sit down
and have a quick discussion nice I want
to sit down and kind of just put my
thoughts out there real quick this is
nothing like really important but I was
just thinking about it and I was
thinking you know why not just get it on
camera and everything but you guys
probably know Ellie and I are looking to
start looking for a house like we want
to move into a house we want to buy a
house and everything and I was just
thinking like where do we want to live
what environment do we want to live and
I was just sitting in my office thinking
I was like man I miss trees I
miss green and blue and that's that's
one thing where I used to live where I
grew up in Washington is like there are
trees everywhere they're evergreens
there's lots of like little lakes and
rivers my like my dad would go fishing
we'd go fishing all the time and I was
just like man I missed that
Utah's kind of like a desert there's not
a ton of green but there's these
gorgeous beautiful mountains there's so
many things you can do here and for some
reason I was just like man I miss the
green and I don't know maybe it's cuz I
was like thinking about Finland because
yesterday I had that Q&A video and they
asked like if you could go anywhere
where would you want to go I'll have a
link to that down below or on the screen
somewhere if you guys missed the Q&A
video oh go check it out if you guys
want to but I was just thinking like man
I I missed that and I remember as a kid
like going into like the forest and
playing in the forest and climbing trees
and just using my imagination and I want
Jackson and Calvin to have something
like that you know something where they
can kind of just go and escape and and
have fun I don't know that for some
reason I was just like I want to put
that on camera I want to think about
that and everything and you know there
might be some place in Utah that we can
do that where we're at least you know
close to family but that's kind of with
just what's on my mind is like I'm
totally thinking about home and about
Finland and I'm like man I miss those
places and I want to have those places
for our kids yeah I don't know that's
that's all I wanted to say what kind of
place do you guys live in do you like
where you live do you guys have fun in
childhood adventures let me know in the
comments below because you know that's
that's something that Ellie and I have
to think about is where we want to live
in the future so I give back to Bonnie's
house and I come outside to play with
these kids and I've got to show you this
first K Jackson is over here and the
little fire engine tipped over cuz you
know there's like little you know bumps
and everything and
he felt in the only yeah I'm talking
about Jack he fell in the only place
where he had mud and I've got way over
here I've got to show him Jackson I want
to show him look look at that he landed
right in the mud all the way down his
leg it was so funny because he can't I
came outside he's like hey hey he wasn't
crying or anything it's just like I'm
stuck someone help me I'm stuck and yeah
yeah can you get this scooter
he's got mud all over his bum oh my gosh
Jackson Jackson you are so funny you're
so funny
so everybody was taking naps and jocks
woke up a little bit early and I went
outside with him and he laid on me on
the swing for probably 20 minutes and
just laid on me it was the best because
Jackson never wants to cuddle anymore
are you making faces at Calvin are you
trying to make him frown he does a name
then if I hey I'm your friend
look at these guys just sitting there on
the porch having fun how cute is that
buddies yeah they're best friends
oh no he spotted me he spotted me he's
looking at my feet what is he looking at
oh that's so cute
hey blow out boys do you like your pizza
yeah do you like your pizza Boston can I
have it can I have a bite
oh what's so nice to do mmm good shares
hmm thank you boys you're so sweet oh
they're like happy to share that's cute
mm-hmm what's my name
Jer mmm what's my name
say dad dad good boy you ready guys
ready mmm
are you making a face Jackson ready
ready
cut trees off yeah okay girls have sent
me on a mission today and that mission
is to get Slurpees k busting wash
Jackson's back Chuck said have them go
wash your back washes ten matches back
Kate Jackson can you wash Boston's back
okay give the washcloth to Jackson can't
turn around busting Kate Jackson wash
his back wash his back bondages so funny
they're in here watchin each other's
backs
they've been playing in the dirt all day
all day they've been playing in the dirt
so they are dirty and now now they are
fighting over the washcloths Tiger boy
this kid is gonna laugh sooner than we
think let's see if I can get them to you
so close huh
ready you're laughing aren't you Boston
hey can you frown go mmm oh so sad mmm
so sad oh you think that's funny
okay Jackson go get Boston a hug go give
him a hug say bye-bye Jackson can you
say bye
but mama claim give it to me
good job wait do it again do it again do
it again do it again one more time jump
1 2 3 turns reading dead time story I'm
pretty sure he shoots off trees but when
he tried to run around keep buffle that
is nice now every year in Africa
they hold the jungle dance where every
single animal turns up to skip and
prance did you have a good day today
Oh oh you did good you're gonna be a
good boy yeah yeah good well guys I
think that does it for tonight thank you
so much for watching have a wonderful
day you know it all too well don't you
we'll see you guys tomorrow have a
wonderful evening
say bye are you gonna bug hold it up
Jackson what in the world are you doing
are you just sitting on me you just
climbed up the crib and you just sit on
my face hey hey oh you're so cute
okay I just hope you don't poop
please don't poop bye-bye
