Oh
what is going on in here what are you
guys doing oh we're mom go oh uh
where'd you go where'd you go oh yeah
are you guys having fun yes did you have
fun of the park do you have fun of the
park
he he'll cuddle cat like if you put
Calvin right here in Jackson over there
Jackson my grade is way up on cuddle
Calvin well he'll put his head right oh
he loves he loves it he won't come along
but he'll play with mom there's nothing
there's nothing sweeter than love don't
you think like there's nothing more
sweet and precious well we have had
quite the busy morning today we had a
meeting with our CPA discussing a lot of
different things with taxes and
everything like that and it was our
first one with someone here where we
live we usually have gone down an hour
or so away before but we found a local
one here that we liked and now we're
just kind of getting ready for the rest
of the day it totally wiped us out
Jackson oh my gosh Jackson was killer
throughout the appointment Calvin was
dreaming just left the whole time but we
were we were ready to go by the time it
was time to go but now I'm just gonna
bring out old Bessie here haven't used
you in a while we're gonna grill some
hamburgers so we gotta we gotta get to
some hug sure
oh there you are there you are beaut
Emes I'm excited to work with you it's
been a while since we've worked with
each other hasn't it Ellie it's been a
while since we use a grill hasn't it
I'm excited yeah I'm excited to give
some burgers
we some burgers little a little it on a
little day whoo
you've got the hiccups don't cha oh yes
you do you've got the hiccups Oh get it
what do you say we take a peek here at
these burgers would you like to take a
peek at those boogers um disgusting this
is there lots of bugs
I know Jackson toys drink the water see
my pictures like bling oh yeah
someone let's take a look at these
burgers see how they turned out Oh
melted cheese right on the burger I
think that looks delicious
I think that looks fit for a king oh my
goodness gracious
what Stuart you're just in time we're
having hamburgers brought your little
hoverboard here that's awesome it's a
house I do I would that's gonna be the
test can you right up into the house oh
my gosh like it's nothing like it's
nothing I've never done out
good dude showing me up left and right
first the hand stands now the scooter
man how's it going dude good get senior
Jackson he just came downstairs stairs
and just stared at you what are you
doing in my house look why don't you all
my TV and then yelled Adam who is that
say hi say hi say hi say hey Zack how
you feel right now
so during CVX live i actually learned
that steward edge here plays guitar and
is actually like really good at guitar
you you played on stage and blew my mind
I was like Stuart you need to come over
and we need to jam sometime but I want
to show something and I don't even know
if I've shown you guys at all let's turn
some lights up here I have a collector's
piece um a collector's ukelele that I
want to show you yeah so let me show you
this right here
is a 1920 Martin ukulele whoa
it's probably out of tune but whoa mind
on testes wait that's a the the music
yeah the girl party in the USA on a
1920s ukulele if that's not crazy then I
don't know what is but this this ukulele
is by my normal ukulele that I'm a plain
deeply like I would say I'm good friends
and followers now that you are they know
I play music but they don't I haven't
played in a long long time
at you know what you should do
I don't understand I want to take over
the blog you should do a Stuart edge
just taking over the blog you should do
a video where you we just cut where
we're excited about something cuz we
just cut he's cut something out we just
came up with a really viral video yeah
and when he does this video
he will post the clip that we just
talked to them yes that's a great idea
the video happy images video we came up
with viral viral video idea here today
during this vlog you guys you'll see it
on on either this channel or my channel
yeah it'll be it'll be sweet just
testing out the vlogging camera J and
now I called you guys uh jelly and Aaron
got a lot absolutely I think that means
it's supposed to be Jared and Ellie
Ellie yeah I think that's what we've got
to cancel the shirts we've got to take
the shirts back on me but it's it here's
it should be but it's kind of cool it's
like Ellie and Jared he respected my way
is the white old gosh it is uppers Big
Buddha when we were doing that the Big
Buddha show case you guys haven't seen
their logo yet I was telling Big Buddha
dude um there's usually you know there's
a saying there's behind every great man
there's an even better woman
I said no Ellie's way ahead of me she's
way up in front of me so that's why her
name's first that's right so via the
camera I like the camera lost
what's it like having somebody else vlog
you for your vlog you know it's a good
thing I'm finally hands-free I can move
I can move the way
my body's supposed to I can throw
Jackson a little bit higher whoa tires
got to mom space I really do like this
flip up yeah it's nice how to flip up oh
man Stewart edge looking so good on the
vlogs holy cow a depth of field we're
going to start renting this video we can
use some stock footage for this we need
to put you in front of a green screen
all right Stuart it was fun but you've
got to go
yeah farewell Ellie and Jared banned
some of the best fans at CVX thought you
guys had a constant line it was fun man
it was a lot of fun crazy hey thanks
again for letting me be on your talk
show no problem see ya see you later
don't come with a little boy you guys as
he rolls away off into the sunset
all right see you dude have a good one
hey stinker did you just get out of the
tub did you have fun in the tub did you
have fun in the tub did you have fun at
the top did you have fun in the top did
you have fun in the tub did you have fun
in the tub say football say football
good job I taught him that last night
and Jared's like believe me yeah ran in
here and you're like and then I put it
on snapchat in case you guys didn't know
I post a lot of stuff that isn't in the
vlogs on snapchat so make sure you're
following me I'll put a picture right
here of my snapchat little picture thing
so you guys can take a picture of it and
then and then follow me okay yeah yeah
hi bye we're not ready to end it yet
say bye right say football say yeah
there it is say football back this
little guy has found his hand so much
today he's tried sucking his thumb he's
had his whole fist in his mouth you
little guy yeah but there he goes there
we go
mmm fish I cannot get Jackson to eat me
chicken is very rare yeah he just
doesn't really eat meat he'll eat fish
look but he'll like fish yeah me maybe
it's the color because it's kind of a
fun color it's like take pink you know
that's kind of a fun bright color pretty
like so I think we should start having
fished a lot more Old MacDonald had a
farm eieio
yeah I Oh Oh MacDonald had a farm eieio
good job
can you get games a kiss Oh was a juicy
one oh go get the kiss oh wow hey Cohen
in this again we're we're facetiming
talking about vlogger fair oh and
they're on their hoverboards hold on
I'll be right back
he knows exactly what to do I like how
he goes behind my dad it gets on go get
back on
oh go behind oh oh that works too is he
doing what he getting from the bag
he's having a hard time no it was really
funny
I got you dragon
oh my goodness having kids is the best
our champion
okay okay on this screen you hold on I
have thought - no I thought that he does
exactly what to do and he always just
hold on and he's never like he's really
good to be on it like gentlemen know he
knows to be pretty good you have a
pretty cool dad
we're ending a night with a little
late-night stroll huh actually I have to
push him because he just wants to sit
there oh now you're done good okay we're
going on a little little walk to the end
of the lane and then on the way back oh
there's little stickers in here those
just they're stickers for your feet hold
my hand we'll walk um we're going on a
little walk we're gonna end the night
here and thank you guys so much for
watching
tell them we'll see em tomorrow hey
Jackson wave goodbye wave goodbye wave
goodbye hey stop stop say goodbye
goodbye guys see you tomorrow
I have to show you guys something look
at the rainbow look at that it's the
full rainbow that's so cool is that not
so sweet now look at that how pretty is
that
