hey Jackson you're holding my hand we're
getting ready to go in we're gonna get
we're gonna get that checked out and
hopefully you'll be okay okay Mama's
kind of worried about Jeff hey we're
gonna go inside you know exactly where
ever at you're gonna run right to the
toys aren't you
so Jackson let's give them a little
update Jackson gets lots of little
scratches and bruises on his legs
because he's out playing over bra he's
rough and tough on the outside and my
dad actually noticed he was like what
let's hop in there and I didn't think
anything other I just thought oh it's a
little scratch because he's outside
playing keep it right here cuz he's
outside playing and it's been well it
goes like this
it's a bug bite and this looks like a
bug bite and he's on it for well over a
week and it's not going down and a lot
of times it's inflamed and so we're just
gonna have him get chucked out maybe
they'll give an antibiotic or something
if it's like infected you've got a
little bug bite is what it looks like
it's just not going down I don't want to
get worse or whatever Oh Jared he's fine
yeah well it was really rad the other
day so I just was like I don't want to
go to Seattle and then have something it
get worse and wish I would have gone but
he said it's fine just keep some nails
born on it so good job Jackson we're all
healthy and happy
it was his his first spider bite I know
how sad and I felt really bad that we
just thought you know he's got so many
bumps and bruises on his legs from being
a little boy and he never was one of
those but it didn't go down for a while
so we're like my see they're like bye I
felt really really bad I don't like it
when you get hurt and those bug bites to
go away go away so go away so is I feed
Calvin this is usually what happens he
puts on our shoes and walks around oh
don't cry Calvin there he goes down the
hall somewhere with his shoe I think
that love you can see I can't even see
what I'm looking at but you there's a
high hill so
where that usually uh Jackson grads
might have heels so that sushi what
happens when feeding Calvin is he is
wearing shoes or gets into my lipstick
drawer or something but he loves it
good job well your shoes are on so it's
kind of hard this time well five did it
is so good to see you
Jackson has been a running like crazy he
just wants to play every toy Boston is
so good to see you I've got Jackson Lane
or Jackson yeah I mean
same-same just kidding I got Calvin
laying here on a blanket at Aunt
Bonnie's and I brought aunt body some
lunch
we got some meters because Bonnie's can
have her baby soon and we are going on
the Regency oww
and I don't want to miss my hunger baby
sounds like I need to come over have
lunch catch up yeah Jackson is here so
is that Jax here
Jax yeah are you telling you that we fed
the duck
oh you fed the Ducks oh you said the
duck who did are you playing with
Jackson huh are you guys gonna play with
the fire truck together no Jackson try
to go grab on the end of that you guys
are gonna share they'll find a toy we're
gonna eat some lunch and enjoy some
company I even got the two boys a little
cookie to share but I'm not gonna tell
him I'm gonna make em eat some lunch
first I know that's not like me usually
eat cookies first but we're gonna try
and eat lunch first today
all the kids are looking at this concern
was that scary
hey wide-eyed guy no he's kind of scary
at least it's not blazing hot good grief
it's thundering like crazy it's crazy
it's raining it's raining is the way
raindrops hit in your field it's raining
in his Oh his eyes like the first
raindrops on your face okay I gotta
hurry and take you in let's go I don't
want it to drown you out okay Calvin
round 2 of the chiropractor this week
has been like a night and day difference
but it's still tight and still likes to
lean one way so we're gonna continue to
get you worked out belike seems to
really enjoy it just sitting there
sucking your hands don't enjoy it or you
could feel good oh I've been going
through some of this stuff in the office
that happen do you know how messy our
house is it's really just this room no
it's not no it's remote I'll show you
I'll show you there is this that's so
crazy a messy Jackson's room is messy
you go down the hall look there's pants
there's clothes all of this everything
is just messy ah it's not dirty we just
have stuff that's way
you know that's what mondays are quick
yeah agree with that
ha you got a pin on your face yeah oh I
was on his face Oh a little bit
I let him color and that's okay that's
okay
got a little out of hand sometimes it
got on the football team let me know
else we are going to do today what and
you know with traveling going not being
in your home you tend to eat out a
little bit more and I am ready for some
good real cookie dough so I think today
we got to go and get some good lettuce
and apples we're gonna make some
smoothies because then I can seek some
avocados in it and Jax don't eat it so I
think I'm gonna try testing this a
little bit so this is the microphone
we've been using any time we've filmed
like a video on Ellie's channel on my
channel we using the DSLR but if you see
here I got a much smaller one this is
the this is the rode videomic this is
the rode videomic pro so I'm anxious to
test this because this is supposed to be
a lot better actually chew the part is
do the part into for our dance keep
ready dance next to the car let's do the
prayer dance Jackson you're gonna have
to step it up no I have sweet moves
I know sweet moves shake the booty shake
your booty shake your booty just like
this just maybe we shouldn't teach you
that just dance just dance key dance
these things are not is dududududu just
thinking about it
key Nance okay doesn't it feel so much
better in here Jackson now that we've
got it all cleaned up I feel like
there's so much room for activities
oh look is that your rock from the
Mojave Desert huh you like that rock
okay we've got a very important phone
call that we need to go on - come on
Jackson we've got a business phone call
Ellie what is going on in here Gavin no
ticky ticky ticky
hey-oh
boom boom boom
Oh Oh Galvin boo-boo-boo-boo-boo Wow Wow
Oh Papa papa bear bear but the
buh-buh-buh-buh-buh Papa Papa Papa well
guys that one phone call actually turned
them it actually turned into three
different phone calls so we're all done
with that and I figured Jackson let's go
to the park let's go have some fun at
the park do you want to go to the park
yeah yeah let's go to the park now
there's one of three ways that we can go
to the park we can take the stroller we
can take the car no I guess one of four
ways we can take the stroller we can
take the car we can walk or this is
pretty nice too
all right Jackson here we are
should we go play do you wanna go play
jacks play say play play play you wanna
go what let's go run like the wind
bullseye yeah yeah okay go have fun
why is this the first thing that you go
to all the time it always makes me so
nervous I'm gonna stand right next to
you okay oh my gosh Jackson you did it
you're cool you're crazy I got to come
around the other side ready here I go
your turn come wasn't go down the stairs
okay one two three
good job hello hello you can do it come
on oh it's always your bum is something
right now oh great
that's water huh you your mom oh sorry
Ellie couldn't keep him couldn't keep
him from doing it oh and now you're back
over here
he loves this this is like his favorite
part
good job you did it again
well me and my boys we're just hanging
out of here on the couch the leather
couch the man couch if you will this is
where the men like to hang out don't you
think Jackson oh that's just a joke but
I am having fun with my little boys I'm
love these guys and I'm grateful I have
him here we're just having fun Jackson
do you have fun at the park did you have
fun at the park Jackson did you have fun
at the park you have fun of the park did
you have fun at the park did you have
fun at the park did you have fun at the
park Jackson Jackson did you have fun at
the park you're going to town on your
head do you hear that did you have fun
at the park did you have fun at the park
did you have fun at the park oh baby did
you have fun at the park did you have
fun at the park did you have fun at the
park it just looked the answer to the
question that's oh do you have fun at
the park oh my gosh finally we have an
answer well guys I think that's gonna be
it from us today thank you so much for
watching
Jackson it's time for night-night so we
will see you guys tomorrow
oh I wanted to let you guys know that
we're gonna be going to vlogger fair and
we'll have information to that down
below we'd love to see you guys there
and we'll see you tomorrow we'll see you
guys next time bye hi Kevin hey Kevin
you say goodnight to Calvin give mom a
kiss give mom a kiss I think is
happening oh he's turning his head he's
sweet good boy
now give get daddy a kiss good daddy to
give me kiss Oh money first and then
daddy daddy mom score one please he's
laying on you okay good night good night
good night open otherone you love your
brother
oh please someone get two good kids good
night
