well we finally made it home we took the
long journey back to our place after CVX
live and my family is right here hi guys
a ding dong sang on your bum Jax yeah
say that again a lot of people have been
asking why do young is let's tell them
what a ding dong is let's show them what
a ding dong like a chocolate cake with
little cream in the middle it's got
cream filling join a bite of a ding dong
a little bedtime snack that's so great
so Ellie and I today we wanted to talk a
little bit about our experience with CVX
live and Jackson you've got to stay in
here you cannot get out so I'm gonna
close the door because this it's Sunday
and we're gonna spend Sunday as a family
oh man you know what actually that
reminds me I want to tell the story here
first move Jax oh I want to tell the
story first about Sunday and my house
Sundays were always a lot of fun well
Sunday evenings are a lot of fun at my
house because we we would always get
together on my mom and dad's bed and
we'd all sit and we would just talk
mostly because my family watched x-files
on Sunday and we'd all get together on
my mom and dad's bed
we'd watch x-files and then we would
just like sit and talk as a family and
we would have eight people on the bed
somehow we managed to fit eight people
on a bed this size and it was just so
much fun so this kind of reminds me of
my family on Sundays we'd all get
together and everyone would sell in the
bed and we would just chat yeah we would
just chat as a family CVX live told me I
thought about to a few conventions and
to tell you the truth I think maybe
that's cuz we're it we've been so crazy
everything all the old ones kind of
seemed like a little blur right now but
I feel like they were very organized and
I liked how they had it they had
handlers for us and at first I was like
I don't need a handler like some day
like
hope you get your meetups or make sure
your schedule is good and make sure you
know where to be when to be there at
first I thought well that's where the go
I don't want that I'll need that but it
actually came in handy especially with
the kids
and you know if a special fight um I'm
on there they were just so helpful we
had shaming encourage they have a watch
on we'll have list down below if you
want to check them out and they're
really cute nice family they have a
two-year-old a cute little boy that they
adopted and his name is Jax he's so cute
yes but it just they were so helpful
about helping us get to the places that
we need to go and the high really I
really feel like they went above and
beyond that's like they helped us with
the kids they helped us with our
merchandise they helped us with like in
the meet and greets it was it was they
were awesome yes and the whole
atmosphere of this slide I just enjoyed
I enjoyed the people that were there
really good experience it was fun to be
a part of it because I see that you are
yeah we're getting text messages we got
kids one Ding Dongs and binkies and
ding-dongs and binkies snaps a mom say
mom please mom please
that's close enough
bye it was funny today when we were
leaving the hotel Ellie was taking
Jackson downstairs and I was like bye
Jackson
and he said bye dad that was the first
time you'd like say hey Jackson can you
say please please
bye-bye well cuz he had somewhere to go
he said bye he's leaving goodbye to one
when who are you saying goodbye to
Jackson is binky he's saying bye to his
blanket and binky because it's gonna go
away soon so you prepare yourself jack
he knows say bye Oh Calvin here I'm
gonna hold him I'm gonna hold him you
hold the camera real quick I'm gonna
hold our side good what else do we have
to say about cbx well so those were your
kind of thoughts and everything and I'll
tell you my thoughts I'll come around
here and I'll tell you my my all tell
you something real quick
the last convention that we went to at
Jackson he wasn't all that big and so I
I applaud the people that take their
kids and it was very fun but
overwhelming I'm very grateful that my
mom was there to help out and I'm just I
don't know what did you think it just
it's crazy going to these conventions
now that we have like almost two year
old you know he's looking at him it's
crazy but it's it's so fun that we were
able to participate so at CVX live
honestly I thought it was really
organized I thought it was really good
it was a ton of fun and the support that
we had was amazing like I really felt
like they ran it so well for a first
year convention like there could have
been so many fires that they had to put
out but you know when we were talking to
all the volunteers and everything we
good I was I just want to say that I was
really happy to be a part of it I was
really happy that we got invited to be
on it and I can't wait for next year um
LA and Utah are the two biggest bull
kelp california california mute are the
two biggest themes for youtube that's
where most most of the talent comes out
of so in in the United States its
California and Utah and then London I
think is the next for creators yeah so I
just thought you know it's really cool
that they had something for Utah because
we are one of the bigger ticket amazing
creators that are in Utah it was it's a
lot of fun but we're excited next week
we've got vlogger fair which is a lot of
fun it's a totally different convention
it's very intimate
it's more based around vloggers than it
is necessarily YouTube creators but last
year we had a blast and it's gonna be
we're gonna come with me and I'm excited
about that
I am very excited for vlogger fair I
really enjoyed that as well last year
it's crazy it's been a year since this
all started that's kind of where it all
started that's a lot of their first
convention that we ever went to that's
the first time we met Brian and missing
and Cullen and Katie and Austin like all
of our friends and viewers long time
viewers it was so such a good experience
flash why I didn't take that away from
him I'll grab the camera Jackson look I
have a little this is real life guys
this is like legit this is this is one
take almost this might be a couple
different takes cuz anyway but we just
wanted to kind of tell our thoughts and
feelings about CVX live and we also
wanted to tell you how grateful we are
for you guys that came yeah yeah we
wanted to say thank you to all those who
came out and supported us we were so
happy to meet every single one of you
guys and a lot of you guys came a long
way and it was so awesome to meet you
guys and it's a very like humbling
experience to to see these people that
come out to meet us and you know it's
not like yeah I don't even know what to
say but basically it's like what we see
at these conventions makes us want to be
better people it makes us want to be
good examples for the people who aren't
just reading my mind I was just gonna
say that I was just gonna say you know
we all make mistakes and there's times
where I've said things maybe a comment
whatever and it's like the I think I
need to be a bigger person and I need to
show a better example and by meeting
everyone hearing everybody's stories I
mean we we saw people from young to
older we talked about infertility we
talked about their parents maybe passing
away we talked about so many things with
these people and it just made me want to
go home and remember that and be
a better person for everybody that is
watching us right I feel like you know
every once in a while we have a good
message to share on these vlogs and we
want to make and we want to keep it that
way we want to keep these vlogs
family-friendly fun that's how we are
raising our children right and and we
want this place to be a good place where
people can watch that and feel good and
feel happy in and in and get that
message I never want to lose that focus
do you know what does that even make
sense only like I want I want to be a
good example before we went I said I'm
scared that no one's gonna be there like
it's not there that's fine but then we
had one of the biggest meetups the whole
time and I just you don't realize when
the numbers girl that that really means
that people are more people are watching
it just boggles my mind I'm so grateful
for oh you gosh Ellie and I talk all the
time every time we're in the car were
just like thank you thank you thank you
we are so grateful and we are it's like
an honor you know it's like a it's it's
amazing that you know our little guys
here that we brought into this world can
be a part of this and oh my gosh look
how cute he is you know and our story
has affected a lot of people and hearing
your stories has affected us it's it's
been incredible so I guess in short
thank you thank you thank you thank you
from the bottom of our hearts it means
the world to us that you guys will sit
down and watch these short videos that
we make every day
yesterday's wasn't very short it was 26
minutes long but it was a special video
so you grab the bull by the horns and
you rode that thing well so it was we
ate we had a lot of fun I'm proud of you
because you're a freaking cowgirl girl
you grab the bull by the horns and you
wrote that thing I am a little sad that
I didn't win the YouTuber kind of
competition I think Davey won he got
like 60 seconds or something like that
but yeah I should have gone later so I
had like a little more motivation to win
the competition but yes oh and a good
shot tape on Davey our friends as well
they did a meet up with us
yeah the VIP me half yeah
well how that was so fun that's
something I want to do a little bit more
often is have like a it's almost like a
fireside chat I if I can make it next
time go to conventions
maybe not blogger fair I think it's
probably a short notice but I like when
you get a room and we can all sit and
talk and ask questions and stuff I
really enjoyed that Mena because it
people didn't have to stand and it
wasn't so rushed there wasn't there
wasn't a line we're all just sitting and
we are literally having conversations
with everyone like everyone was
conversing with each other and it was it
was a lot of fun and I think it's a
really good format so guys Jackson do
you have anything that you want to add
to to the vlog about CVX live whoa yeah
did you have fun did you have fun did
you have fun meeting all the people
Jackson look at me hey did you have fun
at CVX live no AJ I'm sorry he didn't
like it you'll have to step it up next
year Jackson let's ask again did you
have fun at CVX live say yeah yeah yeah
you are the cutest thing it yeah say hi
dad
say dad dad he's not happy so I guess is
binky okay guys thank you so much for
watching we really appreciate it
and we will see you guys tomorrow it'll
be tomorrow
say bye Calvin oh you're so precious
okay say goodbye say goodbye
