the best part about being at a hotel is
a pool
breakfast what do you want what do you
want what do you want french toast eggs
bacon jackson do you want more food so
we just got here into the green room i
have to show you i died laughing hi and
we walk in and it's this huge area and
record ad have been so good to me they
set this up so that i could breastfeed
calvin all for me this is my area yeah
this is i could breastfeed calvin i get
tight changes back so my gosh yeah good
to see you I like your hair do you like
it the haircut okay let's go change
about bus oh my gosh
Calvin is getting eaten up in this green
room Michelle money's been able to see
him and Mindy it's awesome he is like
happy to see you too usually his eyes
are so scary but he actually looks oh
pretty cool you cannot cry because he no
seriously you can't cry cuz we can be in
a cool hair video and if you cry but you
don't animated and I'm cooking a sister
not a sister a girlfriend a girl beeping
what's next for my kids yeah seriously
he really doesn't have like any hair
funny
these are the guys putting it on when
you're not scheduled you can do what you
want you can wander around the floor
again to make sure your handler goes
with you anything you want you should
all just jump jump purchase we are all
so close together I don't know if we
should jump I feel like the guys that
could be are you guys ready let's do it
again
are you guys ready let's do it
shut up basically that they have a
mechanical bull over there and I've
always wanted to write at the chemical
ball and now I'm not pregnant
and I really can try to become this is
your opportunity okay right okay I've
always wanted so they're gonna do it
you're gonna do awesome
I am cowgirl and I do I'm going to I'd
be careful actually broke my elbow
really really Davey that's prettier
let's do that let's have a little
competition between us who can last the
longest what do we do it's dessert you
want to go down sorry about that are you
ready to do this we're excited this is
so great are you guys all excited oh did
you not brush your teeth this morning
that's so gross before and they've got a
whole bunch of people here I feel like
I am so excited you guys are so awesome
are you guys all coming to the Meetup
yeah I can't wait to hug each and every
one of you guys it's pretty great huh
yeah yeah absolutely a happy tears yeah
every time we go to a convention I kind
of get really sweaty and kind of anxiety
a little bit before but then once you're
there it just it's so really I couldn't
I select cried five times already today
it's just crazy to me it's just nice
people honestly you and that parents
love their kids to come see it was just
really fun and just crazy are you ready
to go to our first meetup yeah are you
nervous are you excited what's going
through your mind because three people
from security came up and right
are you ready like there you have a line
there people raving our meetup starts in
like 15 that's in the right
okay do we go behind the curtain or in
front of the curtain here we go le here
we go I'm nervous what le I'm gonna run
out and like run down the line okay okay
all right
I'm coming around
attention if you guys want a t-shirt
when you come up no crazy
oh my gosh and the most global person
ever I just yelled to everybody I did
the same yeah I said what happened your
foot when I got the baby fever and we're
like oh my god - everybody waiting in
mind that she got bit by a fever but
what really happened tell us the truth I
got you're smart you got bit by a beaver
what I love is what the parents come
with the kit so dad dad is dr. weigh-in
and you got the kids up front issues
it's nice if the parents are supportive
yeah so thank you
thumbs up for Dad they're saying like
like Rose all the way down from Brad
starting okay you guys have been waiting
in line all day thank you so much
thank you so much okay your brother
what's your brother's name Kevin I bet
you technology
yes I'm bringing five bucks tomorrow
I'm kidding you don't you take it you
earned it okay you take it all to
yourself get some Jayhawk sauce tell us
your names Lawrence nice to meet you
guys
you waited in line and you came and
hopped in line we've got we've got a
cutter I'm kidding
so nice to meet you guys thank you so
much for coming out you're so wonderful
Cecily came all the way from Chicago to
meet us just to meet us that's the only
reason right guys she's not visiting
family or anything I read that I think
that's the record so far is Chicago
oh we've got some people here say hi
guys how are you nice to see you guys
hey guys how are ya you having a good
time thank you guys so much for coming
out what's up ladies how are you guys
doing are you having a good day I just
want to say thank you guys for coming
and tell your dad thank you for bringing
thank you guys you gave us a package and
the package was way heavier than I
thought it would be why is that
oh my gosh Jackson is gonna freak now
thank you guys so much have a good
weekend are you guys gonna be here for
the mainstage yeah
except you have to paint your butt
cheeks to it you'll wait if you paint
your Bunty
he's bitching that's good for oh my gosh
chilean here was at a restaurant that we
went to and your son yeah opinion your
son was like oh my gosh that's Ellie and
Jared my sister loves our YouTube
channel so she called them on the phone
and we chatted on the phone didn't we
ha and now we get to meet in person how
cool is that it's a pleasure to make
your acquaintance Rachel that's not very
nice to do and you know what we're
talking about say hi to your cousin it's
like getting on the Super Bowl right
Ashley has our favorite shirt on thank
you so much for bringing it out just
you're just awesome and your being here
we actually met he's our biggest fan
Tyler you are our biggest fan it's made
you like Jackson he is so excited
what color does it
your parrot color blue okay jared is
gonna go find a blue shirt and it's a
small it may be a little bit big for you
I think he's gonna love it okay Tyler
you're our biggest fan what do you think
okay that is yours thank you so much
Tyler I'm so glad Jackson was able to
come and say hi thank you
I know we're all teary-eyed moms over
there tearing eyes of Jackson is here
and he's still the show he is saying hi
to everybody
Jackson are these your friends he's your
friend
last time he was so like wow there's mom
helping out kill Jackson oh my gosh
Aubree tell me what you got here so fast
do you want to give it to him yeah go
give it to him oh my gosh he is so
excited thank you so much that's so
sweet of you thank you we just finished
the most amazing Meeta
I mean urban a part of it was it was my
speechless like it was so crazy there
are so many of you guys that were there
to see us and take pictures with us and
just named LA and I feel it's so good
like thank you guys thank you guys for
making what we do that much more
enjoyable and not much more fun I could
not believe it like we were there for
over three hours talking with you guys
I've noted back right now I've got to
clean up the booze we wrap and get the
hoverboard
Logan was using my hoverboard like the
entire day so it's my turn to take a
ride hey Winston oh oh hey no you'd be
nice you say hi
oh it says hi Jackson can you wave there
you go
that's cute that's cute
hey can you give me a high five oh no
I'll take your keys can you give high
five yeah good job here I'll give you
the keys back keep it under 50k thanks
dude so we just got done with our Meetup
and we had a little bit of bite to eat
but Jackson has to go down for a nap but
we have our special VIP me that April
and Davi are friends here and V Jackson
has to go down for bed so we are gonna
unleash him said my son do not let him
drink out of your water bottle or takes
this is like a perfect opportunity to
chat like and then we'll ask you guys
some questions - does that sound okay
you guys okay with that yeah I see if
you're not I'm just gonna play it safe
yeah that's well that's what we'll do so
I guess we'll just open it up to the
floor if you guys have any questions
just you know show a hand we'll start
first shout it out
yeah and then if you guys want bit I
guess depending on the question you know
we'll all answer I mean everything so
yeah
new channel and I can commit to two
videos a week but do you think I have to
go daily grow a lot faster I think yeah
the first key is consistency is good so
I always do the same days and I don't
know yeah I don't think you have to yeah
you're doing it weekly today's ready I
think what this is what Jer and I did
Elise is we just we should have been
more consistent but I'm here you know
that we should have more consistent but
when we first started we just drew him
up whenever and then we thought okay
let's do two times a week and then we
did three times a week and then it ended
up being dailies and I always told Jared
I don't ever want to be stressed with
videos and our life kind of can get
overwhelming sometimes because it is now
our full-time scene but I really like
that we started out slow because it's
kind of nice when people want you to do
more and then you are able to do more
and it's you know it's kind of stinks if
we would ever have to cut back on videos
so I kind of liked the idea of starting
out like two times and I wanted to start
and then once we got that kid hey
grandma good night Jackson everyone say
good night Jackson
thank you bye Jackson
well we're back at the hotel room
Jackson you looks so good all ready for
bed thanks grandma for getting in the
bath that's so awesome of you um
Ellie is breastfeeding right now and
Ellie and grandma are gonna get the kids
down for bed and I think I'm gonna go
back and see some of the main stage
events is that okay Ellie yeah all right
you Hey don't you take any money from
grandma's purse I saw that you see was
sneaking your wallet you little stinker
your little stinker ya little stinker
you mrs. dingos okay I'm gonna go I love
you so I grab a quick bike the E and now
I'm back I'm actually here at the main
stage to watch Stuart edge is gonna go
up here in a second but the gardener's
sisters are up on stage they're gonna
sing us some side
don't look at this
are you kidding me I can't leave you
guys in here for 10 minutes yeah okay
you probably told him to do it
do you see these ding-dongs here we got
we have ding-dongs Oreos Kleenex boxes
ping-pong balls and lots of Ding Dongs
well at least I thought we have lots of
Ding Dongs you guys ate the Ding Dongs
get ding dongs yes apparently they said
they didn't know we're using it for the
mainstage vent tomorrow oh yeah okay
okay we're playing by the time you guys
see this we'll probably have already
done it we're playing chocolate unicorn
if you've ever played like minute to win
it what you're gonna do is each person
is gonna stack a ding dong up until you
get seven in a row and you have to
balance it on your forehead for three
seconds so that's why we needed three oh
yeah thank you guys so much to all of
those who came to the Meetup
thank you guys from the bottom of our
hearts it was like an eye-opening
experience it was the most amazing thing
we've ever been a part of it was the
most ever had and it was in a good way
yeah that's so we have another meetup
for you guys today for us tomorrow and a
mainstage event and we cannot wait thank
you guys so much and we'll see you guys
tomorrow
