this is Jackson's favorite he walks
around he walks around with his blanket
he has his binky and it's if possible he
has a toothbrush okay Joe say good
morning to Calvin come here
Oh looking so sad well you were so happy
hey oh oh you were so happy that you
said Calvin seriously it did so well
last night is it eating so much better
since we've seen the ladies so we are
happy well I'm happy he doesn't seem
happy now here come over on this side
good morning guys
Ellie ran a few errands today to get
ready for see vex live so I am stuck
with these two hooligans and we're just
having fun aren't we oh it's new she
won't be gone very long I promise I have
been getting Calvin to smile like crazy
oh can you give him a kiss give Calvin a
kiss
haha that's so sweet
okay just one kiss just one kiss just
one kiss
hi you're so crazy Jackson you know that
you just love your brother huh you just
love him so much
uh-huh oh and you care about your dental
hygiene that's my toothbrush so you've
been taking all over the place that I've
been looking for the past couple days
you're crazy checks oh you've got
another one look at you
two-handed toothbrush you're crazy Ellie
might get mad at me for showing this to
you guys but I feel it's necessary our
office is a complete disaster fight now
but I want to show you why Ellie and I
were up really late last night getting
ready for CVX live I tweeted about it
but I want to show you what we did what
mostly Ellie did while I edited and then
we came together and did it all together
so look at all of these shirts look that
whole box is jam-packed full of shirts
we've got all of these guys for CVX life
and I'm so excited
holy cow all this for a weekend I think
we need a bigger car let's go to CVX
live I'm inside are you excited I'm
excited hey Jackson say hi
where's papa
where's papa papa yeah where's Papa oh
you seem to be looking over in this
general direction ah look grandpa and
off grandpa that's where we have our
pictures of her grandparents right
Jackson
papa say hi papa say hi say hi papa
I'm papa we are finally packed you've
got the show on the road it is about
time to go Calvin I'm looking at you
might eat up my little turtle baby hi oh
there's my snapping turbo Jackson what's
wrong oh no you dropped something in
that hole okay let's get this show on
the road let's go ready dad ready to
rock and roll if you are I'm ready whoo
whoo here we go there we go there I
don't even know if that's how you're
supposed to be over that's cuz I watch
me weird watch me want and then
something about Nene kiss go now we are
officially on the road Oh Charlotte yeah
seriously and we are finally on the road
and Jarrod had VidCon family reunion
CVX live in Utah then we have a week
break and then we are going to vlogger
fair
what would Seattle Wow this has been a
crazy year that's this is an ideal
summer for me I think it's so yes a year
ago we were in Seattle for our first
convention meeting our friends Brian and
Missy for the first time
Katie oh my gosh so many of you guys we
met so many of you guys I was really
nervous for that convention but I'm
excited to meet some people who went
last year who again are coming this year
to the vlogger fair yeah that'll be
really fun
oh my goodness and we got in the car and
oh of course Jackson
lately has been like ah ah like if you
want something and I'm always like
Jackson we don't know I just remind him
all the time we don't know you don't
yell we don't yell 100 times a day and
then just now in the car I was like
maybe it's so saying don't yell maybe I
should tell him to say something
different so I was like say mom say mom
please say mom please of course doesn't
say please yet but same on and for like
for for for different things he goes um
um mom like that is so beautiful to my
ears rather than yelling say mom hey mom
so like fine mom please like get that
camera out of my face and you get that
corner to my face we are on our way bah
bah bah bah bah bah bah bah bah bah sing
it bah bah bah bah bah you reading a
book I mean look don't you ever
interrupt me when I'm reading a book
Jackson hey what is it Cal say see that
yo let's let me read let me look that up
real quick one sec mom oh I can't have
too much fun yet gotta pull over this is
a long drive especially for a little 19
month old he broke his back
it's public in KY she's Jackson then get
back on the road long drive for him huh
puh-puh-puh buh-buh-buh buhbuh gets
changes our car stick through seven
hours bro rap is you can see the diapers
in that bag and it got a little messy
why don't we stop in a place where a
garbage can because we're trying to get
there we just rolled over and the truck
stopped and there was nowhere to throw
it away we got it we got to drive fast
so we don't get the smell possible
decomposable biodegradable
I guess my regret about you just ran out
the window yeah you're doing the
biodegradable Jackson can you say
grandpa say it loud say grandpa
me no say grandpa so grandma
hey mom hey mom car okay say mom say dad
say ball hey mom yeah mom's in the car
good job that was my it was so smart of
you take it mommy
hey baby this has been what should be
how many hours two hours like 15 minutes
and we have been driving for over two
hours and we still have probably uh
it'll probably be a 3 hour drive you've
been doing good
say mom say dad say cracker say cook oh
he's looking at himself in the
viewfinder here say cookie say cracker
ha ha say mom no good dad would you like
to hold the camera and tell them that
because I don't think I show I don't
think I should be a part of that hold
them hold them and say you know what mom
tell them your story your life story
mmm that you're just you're almost a
two-year-old and you are just Wiggly
and show them your teeth so cheese say
cheese oh you have to show me your teeth
no oh don't like gum that's not nice
they don't want your germs
okay tell them goodbye no show on show
them goodbye say goodbye okay oh don't
look I'm the tub
exactly he just like them all over the
bed I'm sorry guys
well we get into our hotel room and we
have some visitors here and before and
wait is this short or mine
this is yours wait it's 60 frames per
second I think this is yours
wait is it yours oh that never enough
what I really thought you're talking
about the baby
yes wait it always is
oh is that your baby that's how you know
that in the car I think you must enjoy
it okay okay so this is our camera okay
we're good so we have some visitors here
in the hotel
what's up yeah do you like you before
any of us get hugs Aspin go straight for
Calvin what's up Parker how's it going
dude I like the ha looks good yeah
you're a little excited aren't you buddy
what what do you guys say should we get
some food what do you want Jackson what
do you want for food okay you're gonna
end up getting him to laugh first Oh
Calvin is been such a good boy today I
seriously can't win one visit to the
chiropractor has changed all day I
thought your appointments with her but
so happy he's busy fast okay well I
think Jared Jared charts on medical
nothing for us today right
Sports is more fun it is
you just turned the volume up he loves
you he really loves you when I first got
here and now we're bestest best friends
best friends we're gonna have to take a
kid picture the other car you guys
bringing you yeah we take adventure and
post it on Instagram he's like I like it
to go ha ha ha I like Integrale I don't
agree on all right guys you want the
goods yeah let's see it
all right you got what I need though we
do all right
where's the briefcase oh there's a
person in there
Aspen and Parker reppin a and J what do
you guys think I love them there's a lot
of stuff I feel like I feel like those
are good shirts that you guys would
they'd look good on you
hey I really like it thank you very much
you're welcome guys awesome thank you
guys for having dinner with us silver
play the baby well seriously anytime you
guys want to come over and we can hang
out in the hotel room any time it'd be a
lot of fun oh one thing we need to do is
we need to ride the hoverboards while
we're at CVX live let's do it so if you
guys see a race at CVX live we're gonna
be on hoverboards you know yeah that'll
be us baby yeah scooter squad there it
is look how cool that is
dude you guys are so awesome look at
look at all these banners that we have
here this is so cool this is where Ellie
and I are gonna be for some meetups
we're gonna have our t-shirts here feels
good like this is so cool
I am so excited I cannot wait we've got
Peter Hollens we've got boardshorts
cotton Brendo dev super tramp Aspen
sambuca Stuart edge Kaylie that's just
the beginning of this okay I've got to
show you this over here come home come
follow me over this way you guys don't
really have a choice on this we click
off the video book follow me over this
way I'll show you this this right here
is the main stage that's where they're
gonna play like our intro like our real
music if they've got all these chairs
here for the main stage and then back
here we've got all of these vendors here
it just goes all the way back and wraps
around I am seriously so excited oh my
gosh up slide Oh blow up slide and
there's the mechanical bull we're gonna
do a celebrity contest you guys want to
try I'm gonna be riding that bull I'm
not gonna be very good but I'm gonna be
riding a half Italian how long is oh my
gosh this is so cool
that's awesome Shh I just got back to
the hotel and everyone is asleep I'm
gonna end the vlog here guys I cannot
wait to see you guys at CVX line I'm so
excited it's gonna be awesome thank you
guys so much for watching be sure to
give the video a big thumbs up I'll see
you guys tomorrow bye
