okay little guy let's go see the
lactation specialist Kelvin tell me
where I sleep
you sleep so much have to break them up
here you gotta feed him he has been
doing a lot better but I just want to
get him checked out one more time to see
what the lactation specialist thinks of
his neck rather than just what our
pediatrician thinks of his neck so no
couldn't hurt right
whew well guys the new video is up and
it features our brand new intro I
probably use it in today's video too but
leave a comment down below tell me what
you guys think and why might circulate a
couple different seems like a couple
different we might put in some different
clips but I feel like it does a really
good job at telling the the progression
of our story like the progression of our
life you know we started out going to
the infertility clinic we got pregnant
had Jackson had some fun surprisingly
got pregnant again and now we're just a
happy family that's kind of like the
feeling that I wanted to go with not
saying that we weren't a happy family
before but I'm just you know what I'm
anyway that's kind of the progression
that I wanted is you know start to
finish and we might kind of update that
a little bit as it goes but that's
that's kind of what I think tell me what
you guys think in the comments down
below let me know what you guys are
thinking okay so the next couple days we
are busy busy busy trying to get ready
for CVX live this weekend I'm so excited
against okay weird so all day I have
been going we went to the lactation
specialist I heard and made a bunch of
phone calls and this doctor was able to
get Calvin in so we were just working on
Calvin a little bit and the lactation
specialist said that I was doing really
good she said that his latch was great
his positioning was great and I kept
thinking maybe it is torticollis but she
said that he looked great and that there
was just something out alignment maybe a
tight lid in there or something so I got
into this different doctor office it's
so cute and big but they're working on
Calvin and she said that she found a
really really tight nerve muscle
something tight muscle that she's kind
of just holding and working on and he
looks really comfortable and I already
feel so much more relieved I was really
stressed about CVX live this weekend
because I thought I want to really be
able to interact and participate and I
was a little worried that I was going to
have to be off with Calvin most of the
time but I'm hoping that if we get a few
of these sessions in that everything
will be smooth sailing from here so I
know I think Calvin likes it he's
sleeping
with one eye open like usual so I feel
really relieved hopefully that this will
be the last of my stress now I'm just
kind of getting ready for the day I
bought a brush my teeth and I need to
clean this out but my and yep Jackson
took my toothbrush again okay
let's look for my toothbrush somewhere
in this house look how relaxed coven is
I'm like yeah finally we were laughing
at his eye he is so relaxed oh it's so
fun to look at your babies are just so
plump I'm so proud of us we're working
hard again this figure it out I'm
surprised he's sleeping but he's like
enjoyed it and so for the first couple
of days he may still do where his head
is looking how it has or her as he
realizes he can turn the other way and
it won't bother him oh cool so your
homework is gonna be that you get him to
turn yes right yeah he can easily think
big kind of looks like you kanessa move
move in other CVX live related news I am
very very happy to announce that this
weekend will be the first time ever that
our new shirts will be publicly
available only at CVX live that would be
the first place that you guys can get
them now don't worry that's not the only
place that you can get them we're also
going to be bringing them to vlogger
fair and then once vlogger fair is over
we're opening it to the entire public
we're going to have a brand new store
just for some new merchandise I'm super
excited I think these might be my
favorite shirts the shirts are more
comfortable the quality has a great
stretch to it the design I love and I
just like how minimal it is it feels
good
I just I'm super excited I can't wait
for you guys to get your hands on these
because they're the best I feel like
everyone can wear these and that's what
I wanted to go with with these new
designs is that everyone can wear these
shirts no matter how old no matter how
young it is for everyone I just got back
from the little chiropractor with Calvin
and the boys are sleeping and Jared and
I are having a lunch date on our bed no
salad in a sandwich and I was thinking
on the way here is how big Calvin is
he's two months and he just he was so
big he just looked so he's grown a lot
eggs yes and just how like proud of I am
and we are to be parents and I think
something that's really fun for me is to
see me being a parent and having our
children accomplish things like when
Jackson was able to sleep through the
night I felt very accomplished when when
Jackson could eat with a spoon
I felt very accomplished well it's like
it's a big if you're teaching him yeah
you're teaching him it's like I'm proud
of you you know I'm proud of you Jackson
I'm proud of you Calvin and it's like
okay we must be doing something right it
makes me feel good as a parent and you
know I've been very very stressed and
that was one of the main reasons why I
didn't go to VidCon was because I
possibly could not be interactive with
people and strike and be with the kids
because there's no way I could possibly
feed Calvin even undercover in public
and it was just very hard and the past
few days have been so wonderful and and
is it is it cuz I'm in hell the past 19
months with having Jackson I've had more
sleepless nights in the past month than
I have with Jackson as a whole you know
it's just like I've just been really
working with Calvin and I wanted this to
work you know I could give him a bottle
and I don't know but I know that there's
still things that they're not making him
happy you haven't exhausted everything
either yeah yeah I want to not try all
the stuff first amen you know pounding
on
oh and I don't know I just thank you
guys for listening to me I think some
people you know it's hard
people to here but this is our daily
life it's not as big struggle and Calvin
I really think is on the mend I think
that that he already was acting happier
better looking better I'm gonna go to
her a few more times and he's smiling a
ton yeah he's starting to talk and COO
and he looks like a snapping turtle
forever thanks
well and so like you were saying like
thank you guys for the support but thank
you for the suggestions oh yes there's
all been a ton of people who suggested
things that we haven't even heard of
we're grateful for this community
yep thanks for being a part of this guy
high-five can I get an amen amen
can I get hell yeah oh yeah thumbs up
okay okay
he does like sky and sleep and so is Jax
me yes let's go back to our date Kate
let's eat our lunch on her bed you are
creepy put your eyebrows down thank you
well good morning Calvary no how are you
buddy he's at Calvary no oh you want to
be on camera oh okay you had a good nap
yes he did good you are you he is
interrupting like he knows we're filming
he knows we're filming and we're talking
about Carmen and he's like no look at me
okay alright you're on camera now okay I
know why is that so funny to me it's a
red right shirt yeah she's the worst
that's it say your prayers quietly oh
geez well I think now that Calvin's
awake well I think now that Calvin
second come here come here come here
Jackson well I think now that Calvin is
awake let's go on a walk and get some
Slurpees oh yeah the end of summer oh my
gosh I am on such a big Slurpee kick and
it's probably way worse than soda but I
don't care it's so good ready Jackson
you want to go get a Slurpee
Oh Jackson I don't think you understand
do you want to go get a Slurpee do you
want to go get a Slurpee so great it is
scares me all right guys just like I
said oh my gosh I'm so excited
I mean flicks flip this box around here
they are look at these we've got all the
Ellie and Jared shirts we've got red
we've got blue we've got pink we've got
black down there I'm so excited
coming at you first at CVX live we just
rocked Jackson just got dropped off at
Auntie Bonnie's house it is
time so we just dropped him off for Fang
yuan and Q and we are heading to the
Beehive once I was a behind yes it's a
long movie premiere here in Utah and so
I'm really excited to go
Calvin is asleep and Calvin has already
fed so much better since I took him in
so much better I have a few more
appointments with there but I I have a
huge relief off my shoulders that we
just ran into stood and just mom she's
so cute and she's telling Jarrod she
goes extra edges momager and I'm like
dad my dad always says I'm your dad a
jerk let me give you some advice so you
do that - Stewart edgy too hard trust me
it's a hard job it made my day that made
my day so it'll be my dad I love it
Stewart's mom took Kelvin she is so cute
she insisted
let's do so Stewart asked me hey Jared
hey this is one way we're acting
professional actors here we're going to
show you how to rap teens hey Jared hey
Stewart like a youtube channel man voice
hey uh do you have a random town the
question is how many do I have
you look like two hands yes actually I
did good job he's amazing a handstand I
told you that makes you say no I think I
ran into a river spring day everyone
everyone back I hope it's okay just
walking right now everyone say hello
madam Sophie looks good about coming
here maybe yo I do a little bit so my
question is throughout throughout the
the movie there were so many hilarious
moments I mean it was hilarious
my question is um who would break
character the most and what was the
hardest scene to get through all right
we're just finishing up with the movie
screening here and I'm gonna say goodbye
we've got to say goodbye to everyone
hanging all for JLo oh yes he is
literally hanging on for dear life
so hey thank you guys you guys did
awesome thank you guys so much ice
closes good seeing you man yeah yeah see
you tomorrow or you can be a writer I'm
just showing up on Thursdays yeah that's
mommy show Hey we'll see you Friday man
bye guys wait say it again you here oh
you cute nice well well guys that's
gonna be it from us thank you so much
for watching today's video we will see
you tomorrow after we're all done
packing all of those shirts into those
tiny white little baggies are you ready
for the Sully can I get a pat while you
edit we're gonna be up late tonight
makes me cry cos Calvin see ya thank you
well it's funny because when we before
we had kids and when we were in the car
Ellie was like it's gonna be so much fun
I sigh away I love like staying up like
together it's fun you know
but then I forget Calvin
he's gonna wake up and oh I don't know
t-minus 35 minutes okay let's get the
show on roads already work ahead of us
we'll see you guys tomorrow
bye bye
by travelpod
