good morning everybody how do we look
today love them hey mom looks beautiful
Calvin looks good we were up all night
long we had a party a party you put a
cake we are all packed up it is early
we've got a little bit of breakfast in
here head out unless let's go be on
television
Jackson three boys
that's cute so we just got here oh we
got all signed in and we are here at
before Utah we're about to go into
gaming - ma it's not kind of cool and
they said to go into the green room yeah
this is the green room can't you see the
green couch this is the green room
bullet Ryan strip is a rubber band oh I
know good things Utah good things Utah
look let's try to get the good things he
does Oh good things either give a play
area for the kids look at this mom they
aren't prepared jungle plays those toys
go play does cool this is something that
I watched all growing up it was always
on the TV you know and it's like I get
it be on it that's so cool yeah this is
exciting this is exciting this is where
like then you do do the news and
everything and this is where they're
gonna do the talk show and everything
to help you get grandmas over there
playing with jacks on the stairs keeping
you entertained what have you been doing
moppy on TV hey Ellie and Jared Miko are
joining me now along with baby Kelvin
they are going to be at CVX live at UVU
coming up this weekend we've talked
about this a lot on good things Utah all
your favorite youtubers are going to be
there and just finishing dinner I feel
like you're one pretty good I loved
doing that really to share
other social media national local
television forget about it was really
fun to share it with our local ute ons
yeah hey guys we just wrapped up an
awesome episode of good things Utah how
do you think it went
I think I'm pretty good I know they're
not right I'm gonna be plus people ask
you know actually you can always improve
on the things disappointed because I
wanted them to powder Calvin and they
didn't his head was just reflecting like
crazy which would work - that would work
- he's like it was it was an intense
question you know it was something he
wanted to hear wake up but I want to get
a picture especially for some money
because oh my god everybody take seconds
for you to realize how big and lose
right don't say that about yourself it's
a lot longer actually 6 it leaves all
right look I'm a picture hey mister
troublemaker
how did we do uh-oh oh you were good huh
only that you're running backstage you
want to meet everyone - huh gotcha okay
let's go Oh tight squeeze squeeze
squeeze right here we go okay all right
so mom what do you think how did you do
gotcha gotcha
all right let's go okay let's go we got
you you ready let's get out of here I'm
gonna get some lunch at 10 a.m. okay we
are back in town and the guys I just
found out that the link to the video
that we just got interviewed on
is live so I'll have a link to it down
below be sure to check out the interview
below their website up with love where'd
you go yeah where I don't know if we'll
put the whole interview in there you
know cuz it's some weird angle yeah it
was Richard you go put it on on the
stand and the guy holding the camera
goes he's like no no you got you can't
you can't you get down to right when he
smiles like okay it was a glad he didn't
like run back into it well if that would
have been the situation I would have I
would have walked up and be like gotta
make my entrance that's what I would
have done that's what I should have done
I was tempted because I had Jackson
right here and I was literally tip just
let him go just let him go and be like
there's a kid at my feet whoops you know
we take babysitting very seriously when
we're at these events so you know one
strike
well guys my heart is broken my heart is
broken no I'm just kidding um a long
time ago like four months ago I had
these awesome sunglasses from Oakley
that I loved and recently I was going
through some old footage to get ready
for the new intro and make like a sizzle
reel for CVX live and I was like oh look
my sunglasses oh wait I have so much
footage I can go through to see where I
left the sunglasses that I lost so I
narrowed it down to a day I lost my
sunglasses on April 28th of this year
and there are two places that I had them
that I know of before they got lost
before I didn't see them in any other
future video and that was at the ice
cream shop and at the gym so I went to
those two places and I asked them I was
like do you guys happen to have them
still I know it's such a long shot in
the dark for months
well they didn't and I was like No so I
still don't have my oakley sunglasses I
tweeted about it a couple days ago but I
was just like man wouldn't it be so cool
if they still had them like oh I love
those sunglasses oh well I'll just take
these cheap ten dollar ones for now
there you go thanks Florida for having a
street vendor that gave me these
sunglasses hiding they're pretty cool
but I still miss my oakley's just about
ever since we got home I have been in my
office working really hard trying to
make the best intro we've ever made and
it's been a lot of fun but one of the
hardest things is finding the right
music and it probably took me like four
hours but I think I've got it
so now I can like actually like really
really start I know it's hard to beat
like the old music you know because
there's there's different things we want
to hear we want to make it a little
shorter we want to make it more fun and
I've also been working on something for
CVX live which is this weekend
excited I'm so excited I think it's
gonna be great are you excited Calvin
give me a smile my snapping turtle boom
oh my goodness oh geez yeah those
pictures are so funny
well Jackson oh my gosh it is I think my
watch died at 6:30 start that time at
6:30 we take a bath read a book get him
to bed and he's in bed at 7:00 and
asleep at like 7:00 you know yeah
earlier but he's still in bed asleep so
I'm not gonna wake him up oh yeah he may
be he might be gone for the night
yeah you know TV does that to you you
know when you're on TV it you know where
it takes a lot out of you so I
understand he was just in the studio
running around pushing papers and
pushing pencils but that's gonna be it
for us today guys thank you so much for
watching tomorrow we are going to a
movie screening and I'll have a link
down below to get all that information
if you guys are local you can come see
with us it'll be a lot of fun and woo
that'll be exciting the lactation
specialist there you saw yeah hi Syd oh
all right guys we'll see you tomorrow
bye remember well look who finally woke
up YouTube brothers are just hanging out
huh sharing one crib well that's awful
nice I don't think that'll last more
than a couple years you guys might start
getting at each other's necks yeah yeah
do you like your brother Jackson do you
like your brother
yeah oh that's so nice of you wait can
you give him a kiss can you give Calvin
a kiss
you badness belly be soft give me kiss
good yeah oh my goodness you squishing
like bug okay Calvin wants to turn I'm
so glad you're awake is about how they
might Saturn peekaboo fine he's leaving
- one - hey good night say bye
you say bye
