you
well after a very very long drive I
finally made it to the convention center
where all of CVX live is going to happen
we've got the news truck here because
I'm about to go on the news but I wanted
to show you guys here the CVX live bus
the bus a lot of you guys have been
tweeting me and instagramming me
pictures of the bus and there's a
certain reason why is because mmm we are
on the bus Ellie and I are on the bus
come on get that focus there we go Ellie
and I and Jackson unfortunately Calvin
couldn't make the picture that day
because he wasn't born yet we're on the
bus look at this this is so cool you see
Stewart edge
Brooklyn to Bailey and
cutegirlshairstyles Mindy this is so
cool and then right in here 3d through
these curtains right here I'll show you
this is where it's all gonna happen
right here it's all gonna happen right
here this is great well look who came to
visit Jackson Kelvin and you have been
so happy all morning I know grandma's
here grandma I'm so glad you're here to
visit this is gonna be a good day yeah
you have a doctor appointment today you
have a doctor appointment today are you
healthy are you healthy oh yeah yep are
you healthy Wow yeah yeah Wow there it
is I've got the mic on I'm not sure if
it's on right now
I could be broadcasting live to
thousands of people here in Utah I've
got the mic here I'm about to go live
I'm kind of nervous April do you have
any tips for me like what what do I do
and say um so don't look at the camera
don't look at the clip in the crowd the
holding room
yeah this yeah and talk really muffled
hey guys I'm here with Big Buddha from
Fox 13 News you're kind of like a local
celebrity oh man no people are just very
kind I am NOT anything like a celebrity
well you're no you're the celebrity
let's you have a YouTube channel people
know who you are
well people on my youtube channel know
here you go anywhere in Utah you say Big
Buddha they're like Oh what I'm sure
he's amazed what the guy yeah not my
family you ever been talking to my
family apparently so we're getting ready
we're gonna do an interview on Fox 13
and we're just gonna kind of hang out do
you have any tips or tricks or anything
for me I'm this just by yourself I'd
like you are right now that's from the
moment I saw you my tall that guy school
he's just being himself he's not
actually you know cuz people when they
see you on videos right they think oh is
he different from his videos then he's a
prison I don't know this I hope I'm the
same person
nice I feel like you're the same person
okay good cuz yeah if I'm not I'm a
really good actor or you can ask his
wife I don't she's not here she's yeah
she's she's taking the kids of the
doctor and she's the brains behind the
operation is that right oh yeah of
course you know some people say behind
every great man there's an even better
woman no she's way ahead of me yeah
she's like way ahead of me I thought it
was behind every great man is a woman
with a frying pan no that might be it
that's the motivation we need I love
watching your channel though it's a lot
of fun have you seen it I have seen
yourself yeah the band video yeah
hilarious oh that's my all-time favorite
thank you very much
comments getting laid
he peed everywhere huh Oh y'all hungry
I'm a stout she caught it
look Jackson look who's this Matt can
you look at yourself so let me shake
your hand now before you get too famous
and I don't know that dude well thank
you for sitting down with me and be sure
to check out is it are we are these
gonna be rebroadcast they'll probably be
on the website Fox RT now calm but we do
it live so with him you never know what
you're gonna get so you better tune in
yeah or if you missed it to him again
I'll have a link down below holy cow
that was like a zoo I'm surprised I even
was able to film what I filmed you two
kids and holy cow two nurses and doing a
whole bunch of stuff okay everybody you
are 11 pounds 5 ounces last time we came
in you're 10 pounds so I think you're
grown pretty good and Jackson they
haven't converted it into Palin Diaz so
we'll see what you weigh so Jackson we
finally figured out what will keep him
happy a little pen and drying on the
paper and there is little marks all over
his belly and he's drawing Calvin's
finally not crying I feel like I can
finally pull the camera out now it's not
so crazy they did his little footprint
and his feet are all green no no they
must have taken it tracks and where's
your belly button here it is did lift up
it does it your tongue yeah there you go
where's your nose where's your teeth
where's your ears ears and be like hey
guys I'm hanging out here with Big
Buddha we're live on TV a Utah de Utah
watch the news 13 News and and we just
talked you know we talked to just just
regular guys yeah about what we're doing
so my wife and I first we started
talking about infertility we
miraculously got pregnant started
talking about pregnancy had the baby
started talking about family and just
daily life now you got a new toy how
long have you had this thing well I feel
a lot better because the doctor said
call him ups great he said especially
for his height he's only in the 5th
percentile for his height but he said
his weight is growing very
the doctor is very happy so he said with
breastfeeding you know figure self a pat
on the back because he is getting plenty
of food so but I'm still going to get in
touch with the specialist and see
because he just doesn't seem very comfy
when he eats but the doctor said his
head looks fine as far as Toronto calls
goes so anyway we'll just try and get a
a put meta lactation specialist still
just to make me feel even better but my
boys are healthy
my boys are healthy and that's all that
matters is that all that matters mama is
kids that are healthy well we just
finished the interview and you put me on
the spot man but you did good I feel
like it's not no no he did really good
because remember what you do is
unscripted yeah that's kind of the feel
what we did he did great he was amazing
amazing they gave me the camera and I
was on the schedule here you give me the
camera okay jack we're gonna recreate
here we go rewind remix boom is what we
did huh what's up ladies and gentlemen
Jeremy come here from Ellie and Jared
hanging out at UCC you just doing a
little interview for Fox 13 you Fox 13
News having a great time are you gonna
are you gonna add this to your resume I
think so Todd this is this is my new job
I'm gonna be a videographer and we're
gonna have a great time with it it's
gonna be great
for all your smooth cam needs watch this
watch this if we were shooting something
right you're the cameraman right we're
going on a jogging video like if I was
the president United States yeah look
how smooth this is
you got smooth it is this is great yeah
yeah look at that look we got it made
we've got it we've got a crew yeah I'm
sorry
he's out of the John John you're out of
the picture now yeah Victor look at that
his coat you get a vis Jackson just
closed himself in there Jackson come
here hey boo
see guess fingers slam let me help you
okay come here
peekaboo well I finished with the TV
interview and I'm actually hanging out
in Salt Lake I'm gonna be here for the
rest of the day because we've got
another TV interview tomorrow but while
I'm here in Salt Lake we were going to
stay the night and I wanted to stop by
Ellie's favorite store
you guys know exactly what that is
because I want to give her a special
treat for the hotel tonight
this weather is kind of scary to be
driving in not gonna lie I think he can
see through those windshield better with
the camera than I can without the camera
this is so rainy
okay I just got into the hotel room and
Ellie has no idea about this well she
knows about the hotel room but she
doesn't know about this this is a fun
little gift that I got for Ellie just
because I love her and she's amazing and
I'm gonna leave it right here for her to
stumble on maybe I'll have the top open
a little bit so she could see but I
think that's a fun idea all right I
think it's fun
am i fun am I good I don't know I think
it's fun
pretty shot
is that your shot right there oh my
goodness were reunited it was only a
couple of hours but we're back together
well I as happy as ever happen to see
you I'm happier to see that little puppy
down there there's a little puppy dog
down there
can we go pet it you should go out let's
go let's go see if we can pet it is that
okay let's go pet the dogs
let's go pet the puppy oh hi Ellie's mom
might jump on the cam that's okay he
loves dogs look at that face he likes
legs you two cute little puppies your
name rockin Logan Oh should we get one
of those Jackson should we get a little
Logan I think excited yes well thank you
have a good day say bye to the tub you
say bye bye the thought beat my bird
well he had a big smile on his face have
a big smile on my face mom are we crazy
we're crazy we're crazy I want a dog so
bad we just have a new baby that new
baby later dog
Calvin needs a dog and so does Jackson
and so do I
he got caught what you will do for a
ball no he's he's just like resize hi
not today not today
say goodbye maybe tomorrow
hi
here is the e Creek every time you come
I want to let Jackson run around and
play in the big waterfall today is kind
of a cold day and I always filled out
that we don't let him go play but now
that we can have time to let him play he
is scared daddy's trying to coax them to
just go and touch the water repeatedly
not loving it
come on go hold my hand hold my hand
come here
what touch it it's okay look he's
backing up come on
Oh dose it it's wet don't play in the
water it's way
you like this touch it I can
yeah go ahead and touch it
he's not lying to ya he's got one let's
go funny Marco
Marco those really loved her enough
where are they Marco
I found you I could hear him what's up I
get here I'll get you come on in here
Jackson come on in
very nice I like you like the bathroom
great yeah yeah gotta keep it I think so
Calvin yeah Calvin Calvin will sleep
right there and I will sleep right here
this is perfect this is big perfect
Jenna sleep in there did you like the
bathroom yeah why did you kid I walked
in didn't even notice Matty I was like
what thanks she just walked right past
it Jared you can take a look inside
Jared thank you so much I can't know
what past it you're welcome are you so
excited I wish I would have got the
camera out but Jackson and Graham and I
had been going up and down and up and
down the escalator elevator up and down
the elevator and he's been playing in
that water down there he's been running
around the floors but he's ready for a
bet I decided to break one of my bath
bombs in half because what kid doesn't
want a little bath bomb it's so cool
Jackson
Justin want this but this book mommy's
gonna put right here whoo - whoa oh he's
picking up a piece jared is off getting
dinner for everybody the kids are asleep
and guess
as on TV the bachelor in paradise I
think I like the bachelor in paradise a
lot better than The Bachelor and the
Bachelorette do you guys watch it do you
like it better let me know oh my god my
arms are tired I just was racing through
Salt Lake City and I picked up some
delicious food for all of us to partake
in look at that
we've got steak in yams we've got
coconut shrimp we've got more coconut
shrimp because they got our order wrong
and they just said oh you know what just
take it we ordered combos but they
actually gave us two separate meals and
they're like you know what it's you just
take it it's on the house tonight we're
like sweet like that's awesome but I
think that's going to be it for us today
guys thank you so much for watching the
vlog thank you guys for those who tuned
in to the television show this morning
it's probably going to be too late by
the time you guys see this but we're
going to tweet it out I'm going to
snapchat Instagram it Ellie and I are
going to be on the show good things Utah
tomorrow morning and I'm hoping that
they're going to do a replay maybe we'll
put in some footage I'm hoping we can
vlog while we're there that that would
be really nice so check it out good
things Utah on Channel four ABC 4 if you
do a Google search you'll be able to
find it okay Ellie we're gonna be on TV
tomorrow I'm sorry yeah hi guys
see you later we'll see you tomorrow bye
oh I miss you
Fisher into North us-ally an extra bite
of steak for you
by travelpod member
