good morning guys it's a beautiful
Sunday day Sunday day and Ellie said
Jared go grab the camera real quick I
want you to film because I want you to
walk in and look at Kelvin and I want
you to get it on film so I'm walking
into the room I'm about to look at
Calvin oh my goodness look at you
you are already oh you are you do you
Kelvin oh my gosh look at his little
outfit strut your stuff Calvin this is
Jackson's three-month shirt for one
checks oh my gosh what a cute little guy
we have you were you cute
come here Alan I want you to give me a
kiss give me a kiss
mm you're besties I know I saw morning
breath we'll get you guys you're already
and I'm still getting the video uploaded
I would have been smart I want to dress
Jackson his little and then they were
toiling match this Jackson playing blue
pants - guess what Ellie that doesn't
matter right as always next week
oh here little stud I do too
he's gettin like fell on his face yeah
choking up look at you you're so
handsome
yeah reach your hands he'll ah if you
are young mom kill baby huh
who did that done
he's so Joe he's gonna eat him here stop
loving he's not that fluffy but that's
just the quote from the movie you want
me to give it to him boys crank as you
sat on him here I'll help you there
that better yeah okay don't take it out
now okay should we go should go to
church are we ready let's go let's go
let's go we need to leave this here okay
let's go real quick can you fold your
arms fold them good fold your arms you I
don't go three hours day like that Harry
now you can you tickle your neck I
prefer a baby baby oh god it's your
clothes there
our one takes Sundays usually are not
one takes NT Oh for the worse with that
but makes it fun for you guys and us I
think um Jackson is taking a nap we just
got like a freaking good no I know all
the pictures in the card you want to go
grab it my picture his picture you drew
Oh a nursery okay go grab it
um we just got back from church and we
do one take Sunday's usually but we're
the worst and we usually defend me
because we were always like oh the kids
are so cute point the camera at the kids
because you're so cute but um Jackson
with went to nursery today and Jared
picked him up and they go oh wait you
forgot his picture he drew a picture and
you guys are gonna love it but we are
sitting here just kind of relaxing and
we I woke up this morning I just like
I'm not gonna go to church like I don't
really I'm just tired and I laid there
and light there and I thought why not
like we don't talk about Churchill
Houghton um this you but I just thought
I feel like so blessed like we we just
were really blessed and I just felt like
it was really important that we went to
church especially today so I'm glad that
we ended up going but jared is just
coming in with a big shot
I felt bad doing filming when Jackson's
asleep but I guess you saw TV better
than earlier self is Allah to show us
this is the funniest thing like ever
like cuz you expect like kids when they
when they color you expect to just be
like all over the place in different
colors and they're he's been doing a lot
lately too so their teacher wrote their
name dumb looks like the cram did
something but Jackson but if you look do
you see that right there
terrific literally that's what he
colored really it was so sweet I'm like
oh I see my parents put their kids stuff
on the fridge
that's so precious well I went and I
grabbed Jackson out of the classroom
everybody thanks you know thanks guys
have a good day we'll see you later or
was was Jackson good and we were walking
up there like oh wait Jackson has a
picture don't forget the picture is this
one scribble that's it is so cute it was
so cute it's so cute it's so cute
just like you just like you he like that
I like that ah he looks like a snapping
turtle 20 smiles like that I think looks
like a snapping turtle
but his aunt Mel said he looks like a
little bat my sister is very good at
associating people with animals that
they look like yeah weird no I think
it's good like because I think some
people look like look like animals a
little bit but Melanie's just like
really good at me oh yeah that person
looks like a lemur like okay well I
think you looks like a little a turtle
when you smiles if there's nothing like
that like a little snapping turtle and
so Jared tell let's let's figure out our
should we talk about this week so we
have been figuring out all week how we
are going to do it and after a little
food in our tummies I think we figured
I'm not going to go with you tomorrow
no because the boys both have doctor
appointments and we I was old many times
we want to get especially Calvin into
the doctor yeah and everything I want
he's doing so much better with eating
but um one day I mean it's up and down
but I think I really wanted to look at
his neck and and then maybe go to a
little baby chiropractor sometime this
week so I'm gonna go out to the kids to
the doctor appointment tomorrow I'm
gonna wake up at 5:00 in the morning and
I'm gonna drive three hours away and I'm
gonna be on TV for a little bit and then
to get ready for CVX live our convention
this weekend we're doing a little CVX
live promotion on the local television
show which kind of one is kind of a
bummer because we're telling you this
and by the time the video goes up it's
already gonna be over but we'll be
posting things on Twitter yeah so make
sure you're following us on Twitter
because the next day let's talk about
that I'm not coming all the way home the
next day then my mom and I and the kids
are gonna go cuz you won't have a car
yeah we're gonna go we
next year maybe they're my birthday can
we get a guard birthday because they're
so close to point um we are going mom is
going to come with us and we are going
to spend the night and then the next
morning we're going to be on Good
Morning Utah good things Utah good
things Utah not just like America which
is like it's like a good morning in
there because Utah there we go it's like
it's like a talk show free in Utah and
we're gonna we're going to be on it
to talk about our YouTube channel and
talk a little bit about CVX live and
everything and just promote it it's so
excited well the cool thing is they're
asking us a lot about our YouTube
channel in general not just I had no
idea that we were doing this until
yesterday Jeremy we're gonna be on
television twice and then and then we
have a few days break hopefully I can
get Calvin is a little we actually have
on Wednesday its it I think it's
Wednesday um we got invited to a movie
premiere The Beehive yeah we'll talk
we'll talk about that later okay this is
our this is our one take even though
it's not what we're talking about as
it's going
we're just we're just having a combo
we're conversing right now and then
there's I really want to get I want to
see if they have an opening for Calvin
and then pretty much Thursday we're
gonna go to see the X live that no yeah
yeah that's crazy fun busy week this
summer has been so full of family so
full of life friends and fun and YouTube
and it's just been so fun and so tiring
for me it's but it's that that like a
good tire yes I had one of those summers
that while you're going and you're going
and you're going and it's so exciting
and so fun and it makes me grateful but
wouldn't have any of them yeah exactly
we're we're tired but it's like the good
kind of tired where you get you're like
at the end of the day you're just like
Oh done wasn't that the best well and
that's why I told them this one that's
why I felt like I really did want to go
to church today is because I felt like
we're
so blessed like I don't want to just
then not go you know like a face you
know what I mean because I told them I
kind of wasn't wanting to go but then
I'm glad I did
so I don't feel better as I did I feel
refreshed I feel ready for the week I
think I can conquer anything cuz you're
super mom I am cuz you look at that done
can i grab it put take it out like it oh
look at that faces you look there at all
I rhyme rrrr that's cute oh well guys
that is our week I want to know I don't
know let me know I comments below if you
guys are going to see the X live by a
show of hands by the uplifted hand tell
me if you're going to see the X slide
and tell me who you're excited to see at
CVX live because we're not the only ones
who are going no it's gonna be there's
gonna be a lot of people there yeah I'm
really excited I am excited too like
this is the coolest thing to be a part
of the very first year of a convention
I'm not gonna lie I have I'm a little
anxious about breastfeeding though there
because everywhere I've gone like with
family it's like I go in the room or I
but what it'll be interesting nervous
they they've set up some stuff just for
you and we're gonna have some help all
the doc okay so it'll be good you're
gonna do great I believe in you thank
you well I'm excited I'm excited I'm
excited to see some of you guys um
thanks for watching today we go see you
tomorrow I was a huge Amaro do my round
when can I start throwing you around
he's like okay we'll see you tomorrow
guys
Jackson it is six o'clock you step right
till six o'clock it's bedtime huh come
here don't you say hi come here come
here
fill your head down baby read done Hey
good night
are you so tired did Church wear you out
what did they feed you in those crackers
good do you want a cracker
yeah I can't hear you John cracker okay
yeah say yeah I want cracker Hey okay
come on yellow cutie
