Jackson wears canons hands different
with everything you do checks it he's
like no I I'm occupied huh is also
sometimes referred to as an angel
investor that no can you see his hand
look at a can look at him yeah it is
hand
what are you doing are you being silly
oh go down the stairs ah this is our new
way of going downstairs yes oh oh he's
like I'm tired of this I'm just gonna go
down the normal way today is the day
that we go home and today is cleaning
day jared is getting the vlog up and
going both of my boys are down for a nap
yes I'm just getting the dishes done and
dad is cleaning out the fridge we're
exhausted everyone has got a bread okay
I'm sure you guys have seen but there
are stairs upon stairs upon stairs and
then Jackson's asleep but then their
stairs even up there and everybody has
been going up and down the stairs and
all of our legs are sore especially from
the jump lane to jump place from
yesterday so this is what I've been
working with the past three four no I
guess even a week as we were at Bear
Lake I have been experiencing some very
slow up loading times this is 114
minutes and it's at almost 40% already
so how I've had to do this
is my phone my phone has been kicking
butt over the past week uploading these
videos and my data plan is getting its
butt kicked but that's what we do we got
to make sure these videos get uploaded
and yeah just it takes a little more
time so thank you guys for your patience
over the past week while we've been
getting the videos uploaded I'll be a
little bit later than we want to
everyone is getting packed everyone is
either gone or just about to leave it's
sad to say goodbye and everyone okay can
you sweep pick it up and sweet look
there's all this stuff that you missed
come on can you do it okay you go sweep
Calvin is he's really not happy not much
either Calvin are you doing okay today
are you happy are you happy today you
only woke up once last night
you did then he woke up points but you
ended up in bed with us yes we all ended
up in bed together all four of us I woke
up the last two nights you have a
hundred beds but tonight will be nice
cuz everyone gets their own bed except
mommy and daddy we share oh is that true
okay go sweep go finish sweeping go
sweep okay Jackson saddle up partner
we're gonna go for one last ride come on
let's go all right cowboy you and your
steed have got to go you're not welcome
in this part it down anymore you got to
get on out of here cowboy
this town ain't big enough for the two
of us cowboy how many times can I say
cowboy and this here cowboy sentence
cowboy yeah say giddyup giddyup giddyup
giddyup let's go giddyup giddyup giddyup
let's go all right Yahoo
good job Jackson say whoohoo say yeah
yeah say giddyup say giddyup good job
Jackson what do you got there buddy
we've been cleaning all day I know
seriously we've been cleaning and this
guy just wants to undo everything we've
done gonna make some popcorn another
something gonna make some stew space ooh
sweet some lunch Jackson can you say
grandma grandpa say grandpa good yeah
say grandma
me man Mary goodbye we gotta say goodbye
to Grandma and Grandpa okay can you turn
around give grandma hugs can you give me
a kiss
give grandma kiss good boy you saw love
you Jackson can you say I love you
Matthew okay now give grandpa give
grandpa hug ha yes ha ha give grandpa a
kiss
look oh good boy give him another one
hey nose nose now must be something
interesting huh
get the gold get the gold Jackson get
the gold half the yellow-billed you are
mom I love you guys mmm been so fun it's
been so fun huh you never feel like you
get it enough time huh nope no you know
what then
mom come over here okay you know we
never feel like we get enough time
together that's true why don't you guys
just come to vlogger fair with us what
my idea
I think we will ha ha ha jinx you owe me
a soda
I can't drink sugar yeah maybe mom and
dad come I think that'd be fun help us a
little bit yeah do you guys want to we'd
love to you love to cool it's not too
far from you guys isn't cool I love you
guys I love you too
it's been so much fun like that it's
gone by way too yeah
jared is not slept in his bed for two
weeks yeah it'll be nice to get home
yeah you guys and it'll be nice for the
kids yeah but it's you know it's still
hard to leave he's making of kids I
wonder what Jackson's let's go get up
Jackson oh my goodness he's got bubbles
all over his hand he opened up oh my
goodness get all of it
you
oh sweet home Jackson deeply are you
excited to be home say yeah yeah yeah
yeah guys it feels so good to be home
yeah Jackson it feels so good to be home
I feel like I have a better place Chuey
oh wait I haven't been here for two
weeks but when you get home doesn't mean
you can just sit down just yeah we've
got a unpack we've got to get the car
cleaned we've got to get the car vacuum
cuz it's a male do you agree with that
yeah is that something that you want us
to do say dad you go clean the car ah I
am gonna go get the car washed and
vacuumed Ellie's in Jackson you had your
turn on the blog I'm trying to tell our
viewers something very important Ellie's
gonna go upstairs and do some laundry
and back to our normal routine guys this
is crazy
we've got actually not normal routine at
all Ellie but we've got to get ready for
a convention next week and then we've
got to get it ready for Connect a
convention two weeks after that what you
made you tell me we only have oh we
break it between each and Linda yes
that's exactly right Ellie that's what I
said oh that means so great let me get
you do me a favor what's your favor can
they see me they can see your shadow
that means we have to oh there you are
to keep the house clean house clean oh
I'm so watering all that
hey yeah I think we're all really tired
I'm stumbling all over my words right
now Kate Jackson I'm gonna go get the
car vacuuming and clean you make sure
and you have your snack okay you got
your snack
you got your snack yeah you grabbed that
snack and you eat it so good mm mm mm mm
um no no no no no I'm okay he's right
there let's see oh here's the water
he'll come he'll come it's Jackson so
chicken gathering with you
oh joy he's not coming Jackson dad's
mommy's perfume look okay
now he'll probably be coming put
stickers on your there we go
that only took 10 years okay that's good
let's get in was that successful are you
a clean clean boy no more dirt between
your toes he got so many scratches on
your legs this weekend cuz you've I'm
just playing so Harvin the dirt in the
rocks
okay calm your hair we're about to go to
bed you have to look stylish okay Calvin
your turn for a bath your turn ah he's
on staring this Oh in the music stopped
or no look get better
yeah that's better okay let's take it
back look Calvin Jackson gave you all
his toys to play with
it was so nice to them I don't think I
don't think he can play this anymore
okay let's take this one out there you
go
let's get you nice and bathed and then
both of you boys are going to bed time
for bed kick it kick can't give him a
kiss goodnight give him a kiss goodnight
whoa thank you thank you mister okay
okay you too oh you got you slobber on
your nose further give you slobber okay
let's go get him on both of you we'll go
to bed
Yeah right you'll be up a few more hours
so I just got back from washing the car
and vacuuming all out and you would not
believe how many rocks I found in the
back seat thanks to this guy Jackson
what do you have to say for yourself do
you like rocks and it was almost like I
didn't want to put him back in the yard
because I just ah you never know how
long he's gonna like those things you
know never know how how often he's gonna
play with them anymore they're just
little Jackson hey you know yeah say
yeah yeah anyway I want to thank you
guys for all the patience that you've
given us over the past few whoa my gosh
past week with the later uploads because
our Internet has just been like so bad
and Scottie Wampus and we like you know
start uploading the video and it takes
literally like 600 minutes sometimes to
upload the video so thank you guys for
your patience we're home now so crossing
our fingers as if everything goes as
planned videos will be up at our normal
time and things will be good to rock and
roll what do you say buddy you chatting
to your girlfriend you talking to your
girlfriend on the phone oh yeah yeah I'm
talking my girlfriend on the phone
say hi say hi oh did they hang up
they must have hung up huh I feel like
we can finally relax now that everything
is unpacked the clothes are in the
laundry no way I can relax why is that
this is I have you home oh I hated being
home for the week wet myself you did
really good though huh yes yes you're my
favorite well guys that's it from us for
today but here's the best part you'll
see us tomorrow like always
yes okay thanks for watching us have a
wonderful day this next week is going to
be full of preparations for CVX live we
could not be more thrilled to be a part
of this very brain Utah convention I'm
excited yeah like how cool is it to be a
part of the very first of something like
that's what that's what I think is cool
is we're a part of the very first CVX
live because you know there's gonna be a
lot more ideas like I'm excited to meet
give their bloggers that are gonna be
there I'm excited to me all of you guys
that are gonna be there I'm excited to
meet cuz I'm excited to experience I'm
excited for our mainstage event where
we're gonna do like q and A's we're
gonna do can we say should we say what
we're doing yeah we're gonna do a
challenge with you guys we're gonna have
somebody you guys come with us I don't
know it's gonna be exciting it's gonna
be a lot of fun so stay tuned be sure to
get tickets I'll have a link down below
and we'll see you guys tomorrow
bye bye le le le le
I've only washed my hair like once this
trip um like once you've got me beat I
haven't showered my gosh so that's a
joke we're kidding
Casey bael I'm not I'm not kidding
Ellie's nasty but she's showering right
now cuz I make hair cuz she's dings just
kidding she doesn't you don't stink
Ellie I love you our press takes a
little bitch good night
