haha
good morning so last night
yeah the playground last night when we
were at the hot tub we discovered a
little Clubhouse and there's a pool
Jackson Jackson trust me you're gonna
like this just as much if not better we
found a little Clubhouse you see the
playground right there
Jackson I promise we'll go there I just
want to show you this because I think
you'll like it even better
we found a clubhouse and I think Jax is
really gonna love that you can probably
tell I want to show it to him really bad
it's gonna be a lot of fun
kee Jackson let's go I've gotta show it
to you we got to hurry Jackson Jackson
we gotta hurry check it we got it okay
Jackson we're almost there Jackson
Jackson we're almost there Jackson
chicks enroll is the Egyptian are you
ready for this are you ready
kaolin open the door
look at this Jackson let's go play go
play get on the other side better on the
other side put on the slide whoo good
job we're gonna play a little ping-pong
Hallie are you ready to rock and roll
let's do it so when I was 18 years old I
think is what it was I had a dance and
my dad chaperoned at it and they had
ping-pong tables there and I was like
dad play me in ping-pong because you're
an old man I'm gonna kick your butt but
lo and behold the butt-kicking was all
his and he kicked my butt
so we found a ping-pong table here and
Uncle Nate and dad are gonna have at it
you ready for winter Jared okay I'll
play the winner I'll play the winner so
that will be that'll be good for the
winner cuz I'm not good at all okay the
warm-up is finished competition begins
oh oh good shot Nate 1:0 Nate what zero
Oh one-one we've got a quick little
sport update we've got Nate leading 15
to 8 I don't know maybe I was just a
really bad ping-pong player or Nate's
really good Oh dad with a point next
score update 1511 dad is making a
comeback 1511 are you ready dad so dad
what's your strategy here keep from
getting my butt kicked all right that's
a great strategy you keep it up Nate
what's your strategy here in the other
competition today well I'm glad you
asked so what I try and do is hit the
ping-pong ball back every time it hits
it to me uh-huh
thank you seems to be working out really
nice for him let's uh let's go back to
the game oh my goodness this car is nine
19:18 let's see how it's gonna finish
off dad upsets with the a terrible sir
let's show 20:18 game point
Oh dad quick name the postgame interview
how do you feel now that you be dad I
feel pretty good about it that's great
yes okay Jared is now facing off with
the winner Nate we just ride for serve
and I lost so Nate sir the same I have
no expectations of winning so good luck
to the best ping-pong player not very
got some new things
you played a little earlier it's gonna
be posted we shall see zero-zero there
we go a foreshadowing of things to come
it's four four so at least in this point
of the game
we've tied so good job turn Starnet not
for long that's good not good 2017 I'm
up I'm nervous because that means I have
to get one point I have to get one point
okay Mike you okay
are you batting / well the battery died
while we were playing ping pong but I
wanted and asked from an unbiased source
what the results of the ping pong match
were Jared was victorious and what was a
score the final score was 21 to 19 we
know it didn't happen if there's no
proof that's why am i that's why I'm
asking an unbiased source because I was
a we get we get false results that way
Nate was a very formidable foe he
probably played better than me but I had
a few lucky shots when you had some good
shots it wasn't
thank you thank you well that's a
results thank you for tuning into SPN 8
the Ocho did a great you take it
Oh
there's a place the dirt has been
wanting to do for a long time it is a
place that you you get on your ninja
outfit and you fight like a warrior it
is airborne
is that what you want to go yes we are
here to test our might to test our mind
and to test our strength are you ready
go for it now the hard part is getting
out go Eva Jackson
Jackson jump jump jump you wanna jump in
here like me okay John jumping again
Ramona sorry Jared pumped up it again
boy good job Jackson
oh no you guys are trapped in the foam
pit Jackson look at me
you
this is the true test of mine we've had
our warmups we're ready to go this is
the Ninja Warrior contest is that what
it's called air Ninja is what it's
called so if you've seen the TV show
Ultimate Ninja Warrior they've got all
these crazy obstacles this office of
course that you have to go through
they've kind of made their own here and
I'm going to try it I don't know anyone
here from our family that has succeeded
and has anyone gone through it all the
way No
okay so this is the challenge this is
the challenge of the day you ready let's
do it
the hardest thing in my opinion is the
line walk and look at Nate oh my gosh
your sock line he's out his calls
okay now there's Jared this is the
second go-around let's see if you can
get that slacklining down how's your hip
yeah full blank will blame it on your
reconstructive
you
you
laughs - obstacle of the ninja course
and he's scary is I'm ready are you
ready I can't I can't even like close my
head Jarrod is like dead
I think it's hip hurts on his hands for
her that's brutal
okay we're watching
Oh
oh ma
you
yeah mr. Foster
do I go Mike go Jared don't let go come
on
you could do it
oh go just try try harder oh you try you
try your best
it's a good dad
oh no Jackson we're stuck Jackson we're
stuck
Oh Saxon we're stuck at least I'm stuck
he seems to be just fine Tecton help me
Jackson Jackson are you taking us
come on over this way we will show you
the trampoline wall oh you see that yes
this this brings back bad memories for
me bad memories because that wall used
to be a Velcro wall and I would lunge
myself into the velcro wall and my
luscious long-lost as a girl got stuck
and my brother individually ripped my
hair off of the velcro wall Bobo was so
sweet to me and I remember my head
hurting out all summer it I was raw
isn't this every childhood dream come
true a trampoline room as long as it's
not velcro
jump on as high as you can
no like jump your body on it like I'm
tired
oh I'm exhausted I'm so tight that's
going I have never been destroyed before
vibrant wonderful things with other
cookies so what did I do
I got three of them and we got a
smoothie and avalanche doesn't coconut
one that's amazing here Jackson try try
this mommy got like all three sure you
tell me if it's good and of course it's
good the cookie you like it I'm so good
that's good
strawberry banana fun I'm glad we came
I've never met the cookies are very good
I heard one of them I got the cookie so
rum pum rum pum rum pum pum pum pum pum
pum pum pum pum pum pum pum pum pum pum
pum pum pum pum pum pum pum pum there
got him hey see
Hey
oh yeah Jackson
I'm gonna end the vlog real quick I know
my body is gonna hate me tomorrow
morning I am already so sore from that
ninja competition and it just makes me
think man I need to work out even harder
like this is crazy anyway guys thanks
for watching the video today have a
wonderful evening and we'll see you guys
tomorrow
bye hola dr. pepper I wish I could drink
