good morning good morning guess what we
are starting our morning off right
because these two hooligans are talking
to each other actually canons trying to
like eat
Calvin's arm yeah it's so true we're
going shopping today and you guys are
gonna be shopping buddies Jenn Jenn and
mom and I are off oh and Emily and the
rest relief am now hi-ho
we're all going shopping hi
but you two you have behaved yeah you
have to behave no more licking your
cousin you're up all night so you had to
behave while mommy shops okay yet no
more no more en no more eat in his arm
you don't like it do you you're making
him scared of the world he's like I do
it's nice and salty
oh oh oh we got it no he has he got if
it has it's on fingers Calvin's like a
mom oh me you won't let go
ha ha ha cannon you you get it you get
enough food he's getting nothing so now
that's pretty we'll just see how this
plays out we just I can just picture
when they're older and Noel told the
nice mom cannon won't let go of me
so dad yes son we meet again yes indeed
you are in the car with your favorite
son I am in the car with my son well let
them anyway so what's going on right now
is the ladies have left us they left
early anyway they want to go to the park
city outlets to go shopping and now that
Jackson is awake his diaper has been
changed we the men the boys the men are
gonna go grab a bite to eat and we're
gonna go meet up with them I'm gonna
have some fun today in Park City dad
tell me are you excited for this what
are you thinking right now shoot me now
I'm glad you're enjoying your time with
your son shopping is not my favorite
thing I'm sorry ok cuz I thought I was
talking about spending time with your
son it's very far away from you
no no no no no no I enjoy very much
spending time with my son and my
grandchildren all of my family but
shopping not so much don't tell mom but
your food is too hot so we've got to eat
this cookie first
something tells me that mom's going to
be just fine with that
that cookie good say yeah yeah you want
another bite we just have to have the
cookie first because the food is too hot
all right we made it we ventured through
the journey that was lunch and now we're
here out the outlets hopefully to find
our women that's the goal that's the
mission is to find the ladies and see
where they are there are hundreds of
stores here and I have no idea which one
they're in so let the scavenger hunt
begin guys let's go you're ready and you
ready Jackson - duh duh duh duh duh oh
let me start that over
did edited Adam did it uh we found you
right here now it didn't take very long
oh you know Jackson is mama you know I I
was like I'm gonna shop for me today I
homie so I am going to buy good for you
know picked it close with the boys oh
are those matching pajamas for the boys
like John's wears so you like oh yeah I
think they're cute yeah
Oh Jackson found an outfit already been
doing he's been doing good you're out of
the house are you having fun yet
yeah feels good to be in the Sun it
feels good that Calvin's happy today yes
he's doing good today it's fun to like
Shawn when is another shot I don't know
I'm not I'm not the kind of guy that
just like oh yeah no it'd be fun let's
go shopping
but do yes poor Calvin though a little
gust of wind comes by cannot breathe
like oh oh like that oh it's okay let's
go in the store and but like a little
customer and we'll come by and he's like
oh like for a little guys yeah he's just
little nostrils can't handle that
strong wind it's so powerful yeah can't
breathe strong wind ox yedi set go you
gotta pick up your feet but oh I was
smelling something kind of interesting
at the park I was like ha great some
Abood so we're gonna we're gonna see if
someone actually did so come on over
here take a look holy Carter don't don't
touch that do you see that right there
doesn't that look like a big streak of
poop does it's not like it if I touch it
don't don't try to that's disgusting
Carter you need to get the slide hey
gasps oh my goodness dude solid it's not
good not good
smell my finger oh no it's not poop at
least I don't think it is car yeah
Jackson is trying his best to stay on
the sidewalk as best he can he's like
balancing and everything he has his arms
out he won't step on the grass or the
book look at that
oh no oh man oh man oh he's reckless
you're everywhere Jackson okay how back
there you go there you go okay smooth
smooth smooth precise Oh Jackson oh
you're everywhere oh man all I can say
is thank goodness for diaper packs and
extra clothes Jackson had the biggest
blowout of his life and I only had two
wipes left no in fact I have any wipes I
had to borrow two wipes from Ryan whoo
thank goodness had two left only two
left but I think we handled it well
we've got we got to the bathroom just in
time and I was able to change Jackson's
diaper and to get him into some new
clothes Jackson how do you feel about
the experience was it good yeah oh man
Hayley you'd be proud right I'd make you
proud right I'm a good dad right there
are certain calls that
when our maid you come running this is
one of Jackson's are you ready here we
go there you go you ready for a bath
thank you to the best oh we're great
oh we are for me babies aren't bad at
what time is it look at that watch of
yours it is a 22 involved kids are in
bed
high five pound us with the five fingers
let's go sit in the hot tub let's go get
in the hot tub yes these nights are very
few and far between but both kids are
asleep grandma and grandpa have agreed
to watch the children and we're gonna go
have the night together with these two
yahoos three who's the third one oh
three add those two my god these two are
you guys doing wrong people we're
joining us in the hot tub I forget huh
so we're gonna go have fun in the hot
tub and it's gonna be nice cuz we're
gonna relax it's gonna be good food
ready one two everyone gonna look
excited one two three hot tub leave a
comment down below leave a comment down
below who drugged Leah's face I thought
that was fun so I want to do it again no
you don't think your face is ugly enough
oh man it's not okay mmm hold on lemme
ready one two three okay round one goes
to who round two goes to who leave it
down below okay
are you guys ready let's get in this is
the first time I can enjoy a hot tub
because I've ever Oh whoo I got I get so
nervous I'm like okay check every pocket
multiple time
well it was fun while it lasted the
Jennifers baby woke up yeah and the
sleep doesn't last for long
cute Calvin crying I think we gotta go
we're gonna go ahead and end the vlog so
I can go take care Calvin and so I can
edit so thank you guys so much for
watching our show today be sure to check
out CVX live I'll have the links down
below come see us come you all made up
not know it's not just a meet-up this is
this is a convention like this is this
is sake that just is the big deal and
it's here not in here in Utah okay
thanks for watching good I'm falling
asleep
I'm sorry big girl like I should start
over hi guys okay guys thanks so much
for watching we'll see you tomorrow bye
man like a sauna in here
ah
