good morning you guys we're here at the
golf course and we're here to make a
fool of ourselves good morning what
would I do if I wasn't afraid and I
think that's a huge takeaway for all of
us in any venture that we're doing what
would you do if you weren't afraid would
you do something different in your life
would you start with something that
you've always wanted to try what would
you do if you weren't afraid Ellie and I
have made that step and we are enjoying
it every single day
good morning you guys ready to do this
ladies tea dad
we're not supposed to tell them that
we're not supposed to tell them where
we're playing for I'm we're there I just
have to guess ladies tees it don't hit
it past the tee box you have to drop
your pants man Gary's going first
Drebin on top
you
brought to you by divots maintenance and
care
I don't know is it do you think this is
playable is it playable guys today which
I play that man today why don't you give
this a quick play-by-play on what's
going on here what's the score what are
we in well so we're playing a classic
golf scramble and what we do is rather
than doing a few of strokes you get a
point for the furthest ball hit the one
that we use right now Gary has five
points I have four points that has three
points brian has two points and Jarrod
has I have zero point zero point I have
no point I was going under the
impression that when golf lowest score
wins and I'm sticking to it
as worst I can
oh my gosh there's a moose on the golf
course there's a moose there's a moose
on the golf course isn't that crazy look
at that just hanging out wanting to play
golf
someone's going to slow in front of him
so he wants to play through look at that
that's amazing Jerry that was a pretty
shot and he's upset very pleased with
that hit very pleased look at that
that's where the ball is that's where
the pin is
and we drove some somewhere over there
closest to the band so we just finished
golfing and what we want to do is give a
score recap Nate okay so in first last
place we have Jared who in second last
place we have Ryan Ryan and I tied for
how many points 2.0 2.0 ha okay um the
next is dad with four points yes good
job dad and then in second first place
is Gary and in first first place is me
all right we had seven points each
congratulations yes say that we have
equal amount of points we had to equal
nine point ten equal yeah an equal
amount of Mulligan's right probably okay
well that was the results of the golf
game scramble edition now we're getting
ready we're gonna go to the lake right
are we gonna rent some jet skis and go
to the lake Jackson I think you're ready
to go on an adventure you even have the
GoPro even have the GoPro battery good
job Jackson and dad and everybody else
are getting ready to go to the lake
they've run two jet skis and I think
that I've made the executive decision to
stay back with this little guy and it's
a little windy outside today and it's
kind of a brisk breeze and so I don't
want to really take Calvin out on the
lake yeah yeah and we have had kind of a
rough few nights Calvin we're still
getting situated and the more I think
about I can't tell I know he has the
reflux but I think that it's kind of a
mix of colic and reflux like both I
don't know he's upset and um I mean he
does pretty well after feedings he's
happy but he definitely I think he has a
little bit of colic so anyway I'm just
going to stay back with Calvin I'm a
little sad cuz I think it sounds like
fun but it'll be good for me to rest so
if we're gonna go ahead and forget to
rest and everybody is a good player you
get good GoPro footage are you okay have
fun be safe wear your lifejacket
exam
well we just got back from an awesome
day at the lake and you can't come to
Bear Lake without getting a raspberry
milkshake so let's give this a test
shall we some good stuff right there
good stuff you have fun at the lake yes
so I couldn't find Jackson anywhere and
I'm kind of like running through the
house like Jackson where is he where to
go where to go so I hear these noises
down here down here down stairs and look
at this little cubby under the stairs hi
guys how are you are you having fun yeah
this is so cool and it like wraps all
the way around here guys that's so
awesome this is like this is so fun
checks are you having fun
ja you having fun are you having fun are
you having fun yeah are you having fun
Eva okay yeah yeah don't have too much
fun though okay okay that's against the
rules too much fun is against the rules
okay I think we may have discovered
something to help
Calvin out when he's sleeping and
everything he's crying you know he's
just having a hard time but I'm gonna
try something here real quick
that work it's late in the evening I
don't know what else to sing about what
five minutes to 11 p.m. my feet Kelvin
is asleep well hopefully we're crossing
our fingers like please guys just
another reminder about cbx live august
7th and 8th it's gonna be so awesome
it's like it's like the first year of
VidCon it's like the first year of
playlist live in Utah a logger fair you
know this like these this is like where
history is made it's a convention here
in Utah where you will see panels you'll
see booths you'll see all of this
awesome stuff fun games and everything
and we want you guys to come and see all
of the awesome youtubers that are going
to be there a lot of the links down
below to check it out what are you gonna
do now you're not gonna go to sleep I
know exactly what you're doing I know I
you use every time yeah because it's
silly you don't want to tell them okay
secret leave a comment down below what
you think Ellie's gonna be doing with
all the girls tonight that's what I want
to guess oh yeah no I want him to guess
now okay thanks for watching guys have a
wonderful day maybe we'll do one of
these sometime in the future so
successfully what do you mean it looks
kind of silly
VidCon yeah I got from like the people
from from these guys they gave them to
me it's a company it's meerkat it's a
live streaming service that we use every
once in a while engage with our viewers
okay we'll see you guys tomorrow but I
thought I was like I thought it was like
a little squirrel or something oh my
gosh goodbye goodbye good night Kevin
