one guys and I think see things up right
there this morning it's a beautiful day
we're taking some damn pictures
look how good you guys look you started
to come together I think we look like a
family now that's great it's beautiful
why we looked it up last night is some
sulfate
is that limestone limestone it's
suspended limestone from the water lots
of limestone Cowboys making a bullet
water blue for us you given high fives
buddy hey Jackson you gonna be a good
boy and sit on the chair by yourself
yeah high five
yeah we're setting up grandma great and
all of the great grandchildren from the
Meachem family that's what we're doing
right now
Jackson I'm so proud of you you're
sitting by yourself and you're not
moving anywhere this is what it's like
trying to get kids to smile okay I'm not
really good other kids I'm gonna show
all of the adults
Jackson smile make everyone smile
chariot is the biggest good
there is dad and all of his boys I might
say future looks mighty fine today no I
want you to eat it trying to eat the
sour
very good all right good job everyone
way to take pictures well way to be take
way to have picture taken
something like that we have a line to
say goodbye to Matthew Matthew is to go
back to work so we've got a line of all
of our family members who are going to
say goodbye oh I'm so precious okay I've
got to get in line - I'm gonna get in
line bye
come here you I'm gonna miss you - I'm
glad we were able to see each other for
a day and a half
good nothing makes me happier and then a
sleeping baby with a full tummy how
sweet is his little hand it's so long I
turned my back for two seconds and mom
got on the scooter I'm like nervous I
don't want you to fall mom please be
careful she's actually doing really
watch out for the slingshot oh my gosh
it's been an interesting day today we
were outside taking family pictures and
it was just gorgeous it was actually
pretty cold it's so cold so we're all
wearing like our hoodies and stuff and
it started raining and everything but
now it's like also Chaney and bright so
we're left this outside hanging hanging
out and having a good time playing some
frisbee
we might be sneaking on the golf course
a little bit there's no we're just
playing Jackson found the giant rock of
his dreams
Oh what do you think about that rock
Jackson that pretty sweet let's go throw
some frisbee around throw the frisbee
I know I'm supposed to work for it but
not that much got it
do you want to throw it throw it throw
it Jackson good job good throw
wait a second what are you guys doing
here oh that's fun man is that fun I
think you're fun - are you having fun -
anti dice yeah Eve are you doing tie-dye
Oh what does that say Sara who's Sara
are you making that shirt for your
friend no I'm wearing my cute so today
we were all gonna go to the lake we were
gonna rent skis it was gonna be really
exciting and the weather turned on us it
got really cold it was rainy it was
windy and now it's like what time for
dinner and I kinda the sun's coming
former it's funny it's warmer now than
it was it's like almost six o'clock and
it's warmer now than it was the entire
day it's and it's fun to go out on a
walk with my family you know like it
feels good to be back with you guys you
can tell what the view is so pretty yeah
just in the mountains looks really good
and look how hungry those clouds lines
up there oh maybe we'll have a campfire
tonight that would be so fun roast some
marshmallows have some s'mores
and put you to bed yeah but I do have a
question for you Jackson do you love jad
hey Jackson Jackson do you love Calvin a
two-minute walk turns into a 30-minute
walk with a toddler you wanna know why
because he can bend down and pick up any
rock he pleases this is paradise for
Jackson Jackson if you want to pick up
every rock you can you cherish those
rocks they may be in the dirt and they
may not be cared for those cars running
over them but you care you why are you
there Barry
very strategically yes she does okay
hold your hand let's get back and on the
side yeah you have to hold dad's hand
that's a good boy yeah pick up the stick
not Peter bush you could do that even
though there's homes around there kind
of like you know summer houses is like
what these are okay that's kind of get
on with our walk
hey we wanted to tell you guys something
that's really cool that is happening in
just a couple weeks on August 7th and
8th Ellie and I are going to another
convention here in Utah it's so nice to
have a convention here in Utah it's the
very first convention of its kind
it's called CVX live there's gonna be
tons of awesome youtubers who are gonna
be there like Aspen of our cute girls
hairstyles Brooklyn and Bailey Devin
Supertramp Stuart edge lots of awesome
youtuber glozell I think is gonna be
there but there's tons of awesome
youtubers I'm gonna have a link to it
all down below we're gonna have panels
we're gonna have meetups we're gonna
have the fun awesome activities and it's
gonna be really cool and I'm really
excited because it's the very first
convention about YouTube here in Utah
it's our home earth is our home turf
girl this is gonna be great
so I'll have a link to it down below be
sure to check it out guys and we won't
can't wait to see you there Ellie I'm
not sure if I did one of the coolest
things ever or one of the things I will
regret the most ever
golfy I just reserved a tee time for all
of the guys to go golfing tomorrow
morning oh it's gonna be a lot of fun
that's for sure the fun factor is not an
issue
it's the we've never really ever golfed
before in our entire lives I've got a
couple times but it'll be great footage
but yeah we just reserved the tee time
for golfing tomorrow there's a golf
course just in the backyard so we're
gonna go hit some balls and hopefully
hit a couple birdies or albatross or
evils and
thank you i I just any moral support
that you give us with me it would be
really great that way well I think do
you want to say good night
Calvin it's done I didn't tell you guys
last night was really rough but he's
doing so much better today yes he has
yeah
easy boy I was holding on before and he
was smiling at me well the thing is I
think Jackson didn't miss me but he was
just so distracted with all the other
stuff that was going on that he didn't
run and give me a hug
we'll have to set something I'm so he
runs and give me a hug because I want
him to run up and give me a hug it was
like no I wasn't like the movies or at
your mom's house that one time I don't
know I think I was gone for like a day
and he ran up to me and was like daddy's
yeah so that's like my that's my dream
well guys today is really nice it sounds
fun like relaxing and just sitting and
and being with our family we just
finished an amazing dinner was didn't
was dinner amazing grandma grandma I
have to tell you that in the video
yesterday when you said at the very end
you're like we're great aren't we and
something like that everyone thought
that was the most hilarious thing ever
they thought it was so funny yeah they
think you're pretty great one thing yeah
well like Ellie said I think that's
gonna be it for most guys thanks so much
for watching and yeah woman
funny baby diaper - don't worry I think
you've handed the stinky one
