looking at the rock he waved to you when
he saw you in the car he's like it
doesn't really face and that you were
gone you know what I mean down through
here kiss daddy can you kiss daddy kiss
kiss
I sound like grandpa hey lost your voice
I'm talking too much and then it's just
like normal
I think it's worse when you have someone
help you though I believe they Tyson
good luck skateboarders you just jump on
yeah you kind of just have to just get
on it it helps to just look forward to
yeah we did my buddy Mike Alvin I miss
you oh you're recording okay so once
again we have so many cousins to compare
to and Canon you guys were there with me
with a boy and he is four months old now
and Calvin is two months utaki so much
and they think they will have the same
fee is that what you're thinking Jen I
just know that cannons feet are huge and
then Calvin's feet looked really long -
Calvin you have long feet but I think he
do it goes - let's try this oh my gosh
canden you just have monster feet and
you have Latvia for two months so young
yes he does Jared you are editing the
vlog for today it's going up like never
had a vlog go up this late before back
that internet a lot of traveling
lack of sleep medication though Jared's
working mom what are you cooking up I am
taking all of this head on a chicken leg
so we can barbecue boom BBQ BBQ burger
good morning good morning oh it's bad
timing
I just instagrammed him he was copying
me how is he well hot-diggity-dog the
video is finally uploaded it's finally
live in YouTube
Jackson you having a good time yeah yeah
things are starting to smell good guys
dad why don't you give us a rundown on
what's going down here what do you cook
him we are barbecuing chicken
oh good that is cool special sauce so
tell me more about this special sauce
dad we had to improvise just a little
bit okay basically this is the sauce
which my father your grandfather
yes invented um back in Texas uh-huh and
then unfortunately passed away without
ever telling anyone
oh wow it was made so your mom
reconstructed reverse-engineered is
sauce and we're using the scientific
formula food science is used for it
every single day correct every bit of
the formula right and and what do you
think about the difference we have
enjoyed it for years and years would you
say it's comparable better if you
you know where does it fall compared to
grandpa's recipe I would say it's you
cisely the zoo to hit on Castiel just
you and I have added a little bit
okay guys we're here with the entire
family we actually have a fun talent
show that we're gonna do but before we
do that I wanted to take a little minute
and kind of introduce you to my family
because there's been a lot of questions
like who's who in the Meachem family so
this is it this is where all of your
questions will be answered so this is my
sister Jennifer hello I'm Jen you're
right that's exactly right and who do
you have with you right so introduce
your spouse all right and you have and
we have cannon who is asleep
perfect cool and then next in order
would go me so Jennifer's the youngest
then it would go me you already know
Ellie and then we have I'm Matt and this
is my wife Emily and you guys have
Carter and Drake we had a break and
Carter Drake and Carter so I was looking
through the viewfinder after that we
have Melanie and my husband Gary hello
and you guys have a bunch of kids two of
them are right here and we're the misery
say hi Eva there you go Owen and Tyler
the next all this my brother hi I'm Nate
this is my wife Megan we're really happy
we could be here Maggie and she is
adorable the oldest sibling I'm Ryan
hmm this is my wife Maria and our
adorable daughter and and you guys know
is like one of the funniest people I
have ever met
thank you I just snorted we have my
wonderful parents you guys know my mom
and dad and so you have brought us all
to this earth and I just for the family
I want to say thank you we can take you
go good luck good luck I'm gonna let you
think about that one for a second and
then you guys know this is my grandma
grandma great this is my mom's mom and
I'm Wanda Gibbs and my husband and I
started all that so that is our family
you have been formally introduced and if
anyone leaves a comment wondering who's
who now you guys can help us out but now
we have a talent show and has the very
first talent are you ready let's do it
yes over to me Oh
the family's all together this event is
pretty rare the family's all together
this event is pretty rare I can become
family blue we got it right down to our
shoes we got the me--come family
so now we'll turn the time over to
Grandma so she can share a message with
us well you can see I have loved and
nurtured these kids and that's my
greatest talent and you can see how
blessed we are art is they're all
talented look what they can do oh my
gosh what wait Carter Carter do that do
that fifteen hundred more times let's
see it lets see it oh man well that's it
from the Meachem family thank you guys
so much for watching today's video
we're gonna have a lot of fun this week
aren't we guys are you guys excited yes
alright thanks for watching guys have a
wonderful night and we'll see you
tomorrow bye everyone say bye
aren't we great goodbye
