good morning from VidCon can you guys
even hear me is my still thing gosh what
an awesome night we made it back from
Narnia and now I'm going into like four
business meetings back to back it's
going to be awesome
guys Kelvin is coming a lot I think I'm
gonna be able to get him to laugh
because he was high I want you to do
laughs laughs laughs laughs laughs
laughs and I want you to learn left left
left
laughs that's that's left left nuts
ha-ah Oh Lulu Lulu aah
hi how'd you teach you would you teach
you teach you you're not gonna laugh now
top ffffff if that left left left left
left
oh oh oh sorry Jared it was worth a try
Louise we did try to make you laugh he's
worth the try did you write the try that
was with the ties make you laugh boy was
right the tie here is worth the drive
ohh
meeting number one is adjourned
does that look familiar is that Mirka
that's my mom Lisbon
haha hey my boys I felt mine crack oh my
gosh we've been for the crew over
yourselves yeah my boys cannot handle
the pressure breaking under the roof
where your throat oh my god huh I can't
even do it oh my gosh is it about sir
how am I gonna go talk to people I just
had a meeting with meerkat I think there
it goes
I just had a meeting and meet with
meerkat I met up with Colin and Katie
and Brian and Missy I have some sweet
chocolate milk that I'm drinking and
just having a good time are you guys
having fun yeah this is the most
important business meeting this is like
a collective like good business meeting
where we talk a lot about business
things oh yeah lots of business oh oh
are you excited for your Meetup and
panel today guys word up my sexy my boy
word up a town down someone do it did
you have your energy bar this morning I
didn't have an energy bar this morning
no I didn't all right probably should
have my energy by this morning
so yes I am on my way to another meeting
and it makes me so excited and I
actually wanted to talk about me going
to all these meetings because Ellie and
the kids didn't come with me I wanted
this to be like one of the most
productive trips I could make it so I
planned I scheduled I did everything
because I want to do the most important
things and that's meet you guys and get
business done and I'm happy I'm having
so much fun it doesn't matter to me that
I'm not getting a lot of sleep it
doesn't matter to me that I'm losing my
voice because I'm having fun I'm meeting
you guys or getting a lot of work done
well if you guys think VidCon is the
party just wait until tomorrow tomorrow
the whole fam family all six kids all of
their spouses all the kids are going to
be here in this beautiful lake house
this is where we are going to be Ryan
Nate Melanie Matt Jared and Jennifer all
the kids all of us we are here but some
of us are here just a little bit early
tonight the real party starts tomorrow
and this is beautiful oh my goodness I
think we need a little mini house tour
Wow
so you walk in I haven't been here
there's the bathroom beautiful this is
gonna fit everybody oh my goodness whoa
Oh beautiful that's a huge golf course
over there oh my goodness this is so
cool okay you can go downstairs there's
bedrooms upstairs this far that's kind
of stairs in there oh the kids are you
oh oh my gosh Jarrett when you get here
tomorrow this is gonna be so fun so mom
and dad Oh mom and dad and Ryan are
coming up right now and Matt is though
you Matt gets to see a color for the
first time okay there's the second there
are so many bedrooms were like and then
the hyouta basin oh my gosh okay this
there's too much there's too much stuff
going on Oh totally Jer and I could just
take this room yeah Jer and I could take
the living room well this is the house
this is where we're gonna be at the next
few days just keep watching this whole
week is gonna be so crazy fun with the
whole family
Jackson is running room to room I
literally will lose him in this house
literally this is so big I am going to
lose you like you will run and find a
little corner to play in and then I will
not be able to find you remember I just
had an amazing lunch with Bryan and
Missy's family and now Holly Holly
it's time to say goodbye buddy do you
say goodbye bye
can I have a hug can I have a hug buddy
he just gave me a hug I saw her like
trying to film it can I have a hug okay
you and Jackson need to have some play
time okay say hi Jax oh hi boys
hi dee see you guys later okay Matt is
meeting Calvin for the first time okay
hi Zuri how are you not ray Carter hi
same thing but different okay hi Matt is
good yeah
see you I would like to well a lot of
the festivities are coming to a close
here pretty soon I told everyone to meet
me at the expo hall because I have a lot
of those buttons that I've been trying
to give
it's got a lot of fun guys are you think
man found what's been your favorite bran
muffin come let me know how to comment
down below yes it's true I'm sitting
here I'm right here in the suite what
are we calling it penthouse the sweet
sweet sweet sweet but I thought a
penthouse for appealing eyes it is very
appealing well there's so much room for
activities in here like let me do a
quick little spin we're just kind of
hanging out it's VidCon is coming to a
close it's crazy that so many things
have happened in such a little time when
you start going to VidCon you're like
man I've got like three full days to do
all of these amazing things and it flies
by like that you look back you're just
like where did all the time go
yeah it's crazy so fast this year yeah
it really did I have a flight in 12
hours no I have to leave for my flight
in 12 hours like how crazy is that
yeah I have to leave like at 4:30 yeah
my flights at 7:30 so I've got to leave
like at 4:30 so we're just hanging out I
think are we gonna go to the party
tonight you guys want another party
night English like free party here yeah
I think we should have the the pre-party
here we'll go to the party and then
we'll go to the party after the party
here oh yeah
cuz cuz the party after the party cuz
there ain't no party like the party
after after the party right what's up my
game yeah this is our room what I
decided to do was put those two twin
beds together so Jordan I can have my
good then Calvin's gonna mama for us
Colin's little bed sar room who are you
ducking
are you talking say hi
well I think the last time I pulled out
the camera was when I was leaving to go
to a meeting and I've been in like two
more sets that a my battery died anyway
what I was saying is I feel bad that I
have a blog anything in between them but
I know Ellie was filming a lot today so
she doesn't have some good footage but I
think I'm gonna
on the story here let's knock on the
door see Hey
hi hi is this is this why the party
that's for the party in that good right
now this is this rent a party at are you
serious yes we're accepting it what's
going on you're saying we're supposed to
be out of here
no way no somebody else is checking in
really I'm Lauren said are you just
being here and checked like don't they
were like you're just be next door
Smith's checking in really did this room
this isn't even is is this is my room my
doors right back to it right exactly
okay I think I think we're gonna party
here yeah so this is where the kids
found their spa kids are all down here
yelling I really should check on John no
it's a lab so wait what's all the
couches no hits all up Jackson okay no
it's okay I I don't think this is not
our house we should not be eating
Cheetos on someone else's couch grab
your two Cheetos and you eat those okay
holy cow oh I haven't like been in this
hotel room at all like at all
it's like and I don't want it to seem
like I'm complaining like I just want to
tell you guys so I usually get in here
and well I finished editing about 3:30
and then I usually wake up at 6:30 to go
into the expo hall and then to go start
panels and meetings and meeting people
and everything so it's weird to be at
the hotel but did not be in the hotel
room it's it's exciting I think it's fun
it makes me feel like I'm I'm being
super productive and that was like the
goal here for VidCon was to be really
productive and I feel like I've
accomplished that so now that my goals
have been met I'm going to hop in the
shower and we're going to go have a lot
of fun we're going to go to the maker
studios party we're going to be there
with
I'm Colin and Katie Brian and Missy
Austin Britni Parker and Aspen all of
those guys it's gonna be a lot of fun
can't wait
okay I'm gonna get naked the shower by
amongest uh what what are you doing here
get out of there
yes I totally set that up in the
bathroom yes I did it on purpose yes I
went and turned it off after I was
finished was it funny I have no idea I'm
the future Jarrod decides that anyway I
wanted to try I'm going back to the
hotel room with commentating Brian Amity
and we're gonna go party so what's this
list it's a club the club Jackson's in
it yeah all fun and that over there is
Bear Lake where we are going to be
hanging out for the next few days so
guys I think I'm gonna go ahead and end
the vlog I'm going to try and get Calvin
fed he's having a rough little bit just
now I tried to feed him so I'm gonna go
take some time and be with him but thank
you guys so much for watching the vlog
today we will see you tomorrow and I
will be reunited with Jared good bye
guys we've got her and going got to pick
up the kids kids you've gotta go pick up
the kids
Oh little Aspen and Parker my Aspen
America we've got to go pick them up Oh
God they're just the cutest little bear
okay good eye it's like it's like a mini
little Ellie and Jared that's what they
remind me a little Ellie and Jared
goodbye VidCon it's been a lot of fun
being inside of you I appreciate the
time
see you next year guys we picked up the
kids picked up the kids it's bye it's
time to go okay you guys ready to go
party all right guys I'm hanging out
here with Robin Williams I know I'm
doing great now that you mention it
Oh cousin here's loud over here so you
can't really dance to it or anything all
right we're having a good time at the
party
y'all have a good VidCon
I'm trying to get everyone in I think
it's a quirk okay I'll zoom out Sookie
this song is dedicated to my wife twice
your foot three toes and pull on your
butt guys I can't handle this wave of
you come on
I can I can barely keep my eyes open so
I think I'm going to end the vlog thank
you so much for watching the video today
guys have a wonderful evening
say goodbye it was so nice to see you
guys I'm going on to my wife I'm gonna
miss you buddy
each other like two weeks thanks for
watching guys we'll see why yo TPS
biogps
member
