good morning VidCon day 2 guys we got a
pretty late start yesterday to VidCon so
I am up extra early I am going to the
Expo Center right now to see what is
going on it is 8:00 in the morning and I
am so excited I am especially excited
for later today in just a couple hours
we're gonna go play heads up with a
bunch of other vloggers it's gonna be
awesome we're gonna have a lot of fun
and I'm gonna play with one of you guys
one of you guys from the audience I'm
gonna pick six years ago we didn't think
that we would be right here but this has
been our biggest blessing yes and where
do you think we're gonna be out in six
more years or so so in 12 years where do
you think our life is gonna be yeah and
without hesitation Jared said I hope
that we're helping people but but like
he didn't even hesitate
Jared might have a lot of big goals that
we want to be able to do and you know
what we want to get our lines several
situated building them they're just a
lot
and we're going to yeah it's not it's
not advocates when we're gonna do an
attempt like I don't I can't think of
any other way that we would be able to
do this than what we're doing right now
well look who is two months old today
Calvin you are two months oh look look
be soft
I cannot below Bo Jackson couldn't be
that soft so Calvin gets wet whoo you
are two months older happy two months
older guys you're getting big and you're
eating well you seem pretty happy
yourself start to smile Jackson loves
you hey we'll help me perhaps we'd have
a fun weekend with the family okay oh
that's a great a big helpful smile are
you gonna help me pack are you gonna
help me pack right okay let's tack I
haven't had a chance yet to stop by the
tricks booth and I hear it's amazing so
I'm gonna make my way over there right
now see what they've got going on over
there because I hear it
oh wow dude it's so big it's like it's
all look at it that's so cool it's huge
that's so big that's so awesome well
I've just been walking around seeing all
the booths and everything in it's been a
lot of fun meeting all of these awesome
here's a little bit we're going to go to
the wall screen booth I'm so excited
like look at this they've got Mario Kart
they've got Super Smash I just met
Ashley and it's her birthday today
everyone in the comments go say happy
birthday to Ashley
thank you so much hating you are you
gonna come to the fullscreen booth at
10:30 and watch us play heads up all
right Jackson and I are just catching up
on the blog I know you want to watch
that we are watching Jared and I have to
tell ya we'll pay in just a sec I have
to tell you guys Jared I probably text
two or three times throughout the day
and then we call each other once a day
in the night and we don't talk about
footage we don't talk about what I'm
filming what he's filming it's just I
film what I film I sent to him twice now
I have done little montage clips at the
same time that he does montage clips so
I think that the vlog kind of turns out
really really fun because we're kind of
both thinking the same things the first
day when I was cooking and then he was
doing his traveling montage anyway I
just thought that was really funny
Jared that is so funny thumbs up for us
okay Jackson come sit on your buttonhole
I'll push play we'll finish
we'll finish watching dad oh I finally
got these Yahoo's they got their
breakfast are ready to go are you guys
ready to have some fun no here's the
question are you guys ready to be beat
by the mastermind that is Jared and his
son gonna be discovered partner give it
to you right now
I don't I don't the smackdowns gonna be
too rough ku you can just take it okay I
hope you brought some ointment because
there's gonna be some bone I know I
showed it to you before but every single
time I come up and I see this giant yeah
absolutely
every time I see this giant VidCon sign
I get a little giddy it's like so
awesome this is so cool I love this
jared has upgrading his a vlogging
camera
from now on Oh totally super stable this
is the c100 oh wow
dude that's legit you want to be on a
movie to learn filmy one right now
you're filming a movie I'm gonna do
something crazy I'm gonna go like we got
blog section here hey guys let's get
let's get a quick hands in let's get a
quick hands in say daddy say car say
binky binky say grandma say mom say car
say blanket fake it
what other words do I say ball say ball
now you're eating your treat say ball
where's the lion say Oh
thank God tasty snacks they're really
soft thanks for your help sir alright
guys we're here with Sarah Sarah show
your bed up wow thank you for standing
in for Ellie
I appreciate it we did awesome oh yeah
high-five thank you so much oh man
feels good to win feels good well that
was awesome that was so much fun
Sarah and I took home the gold and we
won it was it was so much fun it was so
cool to meet all of you guys thank you
so much for coming to that event it was
a whole lot of fun and I gave away two
shirts so be ready for those shirts you
guys on them I caught up with Brian and
Missy and we're sitting down to have
lunch and this is probably the most
unique amazing place to have lunch ever
look at our place like I'm sitting in
the most formal chair I've ever sat it
well what we're gonna have to we're
gonna have to do something about these
table
you mean you mean steak asada nachos
I've had like five meetings today and
I've met not just like meeting like this
ones mean I'm having a lunch meeting
with daily bumps I'm having a lunch
meeting with daily bumps right now we're
having a very important business
discussion about the future of YouTube
and Madonna series know I have I've had
a lot of meetings this has been like a
super productive fun baby like I love it
I love meeting new guys so I know I've
said it a million times but it's so
great
holy cow that was awesome
okay guys I'm sorry to dine and dash you
got the check okay is that all right I'm
kidding I paid my I paid mine okay I
have I have another meeting that I'm
gonna go to we'll catch up later bye
guys
oh I just ran into work out say cracker
say cookie they're pretty much the same
thing though huh crackers and cookies
what's that yeah it's not a cracker ah
say cracker say baby baby I Jackson I'm
buddy
say hi say hi say hi oh come on say hi
oh my gosh treats for lunch and dinner
because mom's taking care of me yeah
exactly we always do that anyway what am
i I just thought I'd FaceTime you real
quick in between meetings I love you and
I miss you so much I love you too
serious
like I'm gonna be excited to kiss you
yeah you look so tan that's just the the
brightness and it's been so fun I'm
seeing you seeing your footage and
everything and and a lot Jarrod's been
sending me a lot of your guys's voice
memos today with you guys wanting to see
me so thank you it's been so fun hearing
from you I love you and I miss ya okay
I've got to go to a meeting you're the
best
hey you eat an extra cheese stick for me
or something I will I'll think of you
every time I eat something good I yeah
oh that's so precious I miss you miss
you miss you bye bye hey guys we're kind
of crashing Austin and Brittany's meetup
here but we're here with Hillary and the
crew say what's up guys
and you want to say something now miss
you a lot your husband's was insanely
nice so that means you have to be
insanely nice though I'm excited to be
she's actually really mean and we just
battled each other really well I'm
totally kidding that's a joke
all right it's dinner time guys and I
think I'm gonna have some good
accompaniment for dinner tonight we've
got Aspen and Parker here this is gonna
be a lot of fun these these two kids
here I said I can say kids right you
guys are you know we're these two kids
here kids man I'm a kid we're all kids
we're just having fun we're going to the
street can you guys hear my voice I'm
like losing hours as I'm talking
gonna go have some dinner we're going to
MIT in McCormick's does that one do this
right McCormick and Schmidt's for mcansh
McCormick and Schmidt that's where we're
going we're gonna have some dinner and
you know what guys my treat it's my
treat tonight I want to take so my treat
tonight
well what the hello kitty I knew we were
going to a pretty cool restaurant but I
didn't think we were gonna be like this
well it's a it's my pleasure guys you
know when when we're hanging out we're
gonna hang out and we're gonna have fun
it's gonna be awesome look at this
they've got like curtains that you can
close just like oh yeah it would totally
be dark this is crazy
that's just so when I eat you can't
really see me eat I go to town you only
get two laughs any day now Kelvin he was
seriously almost laughing a second ago
huh caffeine Hey
okay cuz she's not gonna laugh today
maybe tomorrow well guys how was dinner
was it pretty good great some great life
advice oh yeah we did talk about that
for a little bit that's what I'd like to
do I feel like whenever you sit down and
have dinner with Jared Jared needs to
give you some motivation
that's so funny someone send me a
motivational speech shirt yeah funny oh
we had a great time guys there was so
much fun having gonna when the concierge
desk gave us free appetizer - yes that
was sizer just kidding I didn't eat it
it was shrimp prep bacon-wrapped shrimp
can we say what you had for dinner I had
mashed potatoes the shooting only had
you know that I'm very picky and I don't
eat meat or see how were the master
tapes they were very young thank you
delicious - the taste so we're walking
back to the hotel and then we're just
gonna kind of figure out what to do from
there yeah so
you know how we do but we have no I just
let I just met rhett and Link for the
very life it was like I just I didn't
even talk to him I just said I really
just want to shake your guy's hands like
that's all I want to do so thank you
thank you for being who you are guys
yeah so well you guys take a picture of
me over
I've always wondered what's on the other
side of these hotel room doors let's
take a look what did we just discover
Narnia
moaning you oh my gosh this place is
huge guys this is amazing
but go ahead and end the vlog we're
gonna end the vlog can't go it this is
the sweet sweet
I do have one question for you though
Aston Parker Katie Brittney off and said
Brian said missing :
and don't forget Ellie she's at home
with the kids she's got the right time
and she's here in spirit
everything everyone so I'll put up a
picture of her was on the phone and be
like hey look Ellie's here too so thanks
for watching guys have a wonderful day I
will see you next time everyone say bye
