well guys it's about that time we've got
our bags packed and we're ready to go
you ripped my tag off my suitcase it's
time to go oh we literally like how the
same suitcase oh that's why guys we're
getting ready to go we're going to
VidCon we're coming to meet you guys I'm
so excited it's gonna be a great day
oh look alien Jared Ellie and Jared
Ehlinger six years ago we didn't think
that we would be right here but this is
done our biggest blessing yes and where
do you think we're going to be at in 60
or more years so in 12 years where do
you think our life is gonna be out and
without hesitation Jared said I hope
that we're helping people but the
ability didn't even hesitate
jaren I have a lot of big goals that we
want to be able to do and you know what
we want to get our life settled situated
million you're just a lot but we want to
do and we're going to do that job it's
not it's not it it's one we're gonna do
it and like I don't I can't think of any
other way that we would be able to do
this than what we're doing right now
so Jackson's cousin has had these and
she was walking on him and so now
Jackson's trying to walk on him can you
show him yeah show him did you make that
there Tyler's Tyler did he make it look
how cool that is now you can try it okay
ready yeah this is how it's gonna work
get her go get her
now before we take off I did want to say
big thanks to Brian and Missy for
letting us once stay at their house and
to letting me take over his office I've
had a few meetings here that I've taken
place at Brian's house where I could get
a lot of things done lots of phone calls
lots of emails lots of hangouts going
over a lot of fun exciting things for
the future so thanks brian is here
awesome the whole family is gathering
together we are getting ready to go up
to the family cabin for the day and aunt
Melanie is oh so sweet
I don't know why she wants to take that
beast of a thing
I know she's giving a Jackson's car seat
so he can ride it when it cousin sorry
for the noise I guess people want to do
yard work today but Jackson you behave
so well okay yes you will pay in advance
okay
Jackson's garage his cousins he's gonna
have fun
you
you
you
oh man I am so tired I just thought I'd
come over and say hi to Cullen and Katie
how you guys doing you're doing yeah
sure Kate a Mexican I gotta go bye we're
just pulling up to the hotel we're gonna
check in we're gonna go get our
reservations
I'm really excited this is our very for
my very first VidCon
I'm really excited what one of the most
things I'm excited about is seeing the
big VidCon banner above the convention
center I'm really excited to see that
and I'm kind of excited to see who all
is just like waiting outside I think
that'll be fun guys we made it to the
cabin and guess what Jackson let me know
let me see your face ally what did you
do what did you do did you get a marker
I gave him two pens and a notebook and
he drew all over himself Wow Jackson
that's quite that's quite the face all
right okay all right all right I think I
can take this room I think this room is
great look look dude I've got a freaking
sweet view this is a great view I just
checked into the hotel I've got my room
the king-sized bed it's TV great view
what's back here whoa whoa that oh that
just hit me in the face I've got it I
got an extra balcony this is cool guys
VidCon VidCon is here ready for VidCon
let's go meet up with the guys and go
down and check some stuff out all right
I am all checked in I'm gonna go see if
I can meet up with Bryan and Missy and
Cullen and Katie and let's see here
back up the nieces and nephews are
already having fun what are you guys
doing slingshotting show me that
slingshot okay let's see it does it look
like that is the coolest Little Wolf
slingshot and then the boys are already
up on on the mountain up there I don't
know what they're doing and Jax is just
running wild there are rocks everywhere
and he loves it we're coming up to the
big VidCon banner and I'm really excited
because I've seen that banner for years
and years how do we go this way sorry
I've seen that banner for years and
years and it's just crazy it's pretty
surreal for me to go stand in front of
it and have a picture in front of it I'm
very excited to be here and it just I
you know it's it's it means a lot to us
so thank you for helping us come here
this is it guys : just crashed by the
way we don't want to make him forget it
look at this this is so crazy this is
amazing look at this you're at VidCon we
made it that's so crazy
hey we're here with Sophie and I want to
show you this okay show me your poster I
think I see these posters everywhere and
I see people signing them and I've never
signed one brand to the district lines
uh-huh to get one of these that's so
cool and now she wants me decide what I
feel like so honored and so privileged
so yeah I'd be happy to here yeah we'll
trade trade yeah okay
I never blogged on one of these before
and this is a place for me to sign no
anymore after this case I had Elliot
Jackson and Calvin cool thank you so
much it was so nice to meet you thank
you before yeah you have a tattooed face
you have a tattoo face so our day was
all sunshine and rainbows and then I put
Jackson down for a wonderful nap and he
woke up and his been so sad so sad that
he has been like this is the only thing
it's been making him happy yeah would
you say is this blanket and a binky and
rocks and so he's been I'm sometimes you
fight it and sometimes you don't today
I'm not gonna fight it and he wants to
pull his blanket around in the dirt I
guess that's what he's gonna do
so Jackson's happy and that's all that
matters like and if I take it away he
gets really kind of sad crap on the boys
are lighting a fire and grandmas holding
Calvin and we're just right in the way
intros roast some marshmallows match not
tiny stuff we haven't even been able to
register yet and already so many people
have been coming out to us and just
saying hi and when you take pictures and
it's
so humbling it makes me feel so good so
thank you guys for stopping us and
saying hello the party continues we are
on our way to go bowling yeah I'm gonna
go bowling Brian have you bowled a lot
do you fancy bowling I used to be
semi-pro what really it's right here
with my bowling hand yep semi-pro bowler
in the you know in the league that's
really nice to have this ramp here for I
know a perfect ramp for when we're
riding around
we're here at the bowling alley there's
food there's work and bowling in EIU's
I'm semi-pro so you guys know that right
I'm not joking around maybe a little bit
but I'm excited to get bowling Missy
you're an awesome bowler
right you're not well that's going to
change because I'm going to teach you
everything I know
the stage is set are you ready to see
the names of the competitors in this
night's competition we've got p-dog
c-money Jason Rae go my eggo and Katie
PI competing in tonight's event don't
you guys way you're going to get the
play-by-play coming up shortly stay
tuned so we're here bowling and I'm
blended the guys get you know a good
lead ahead of me I have time on my
second frame and I have 10 Vince if I
need them to get ahead boosts their
confidence and that's my strike
literally I'm getting pregnant oh my
gosh she's pick up the spare oh he got
this fair she's literally only was
anything on there
she's one with the bowling ball you guys
remember yesterday one snap
Wow well I didn't scare Matt Matt but
the ball went three feet in the air what
they're cold tricks on me well I totally
lost my semi-professional status of
bowling I literally like this your high
score dude you didn't do the worst like
it you do the whoo - yeah bad yeah but I
was out I got like 60 something I'm up
semi professional bowler you and Missy
on Wednesdays the top right playin : : I
think calling one then : 1 : 1 hi are
you tied so does that mean I got second
place is that like a default to second
place anyway what we're doing now is
we're gonna go to the Cheesecake Factory
and we're gonna get some sweet dessert
and we're gonna eat dessert and we're
gonna have a lot of fun Jared do you see
this there's a lush right here
Ellie there's a lush store right there
yeah I know what that would mean for you
Pole Li krub I just about had a heart
attack I swear I lost my camera I was
just about to end the vlog and I was
like uh I cannot find the camera I Brian
Missy I can't find the camera I've gotta
go up to my room I camp on the camera I
scour through my room could not find it
and I run back down here I'm like guys I
can't find the camera I look under my
chair and it was right there and then be
honest you left in like sizings there's
like burden I tried calling him oh yeah
Mike I left my phone here gosh I open
I'm tripping over things our pets heads
are falling off the battery's flickering
you guys can already tell my voice is
like shot because I've been so excited
and chatting with people and everything
but thank you guys so much for watching
the vlog today we hope you had a
wonderful day thank you guys for all the
love and support it means the world to
us that you guys are watching these
videos every single day thank you for
tuning in and we'll see you guys
tomorrow be ready for an awesome day at
VidCon bye
let me see your face
look at me I'm such a mess you're worse
than the kid I know I spilled on my
jeans sell over your nose I do have it
on my nose
mmm and the side of your mouth well it
could get worse
