good morning guys we are on our way to
go see grandma and grandpa we're gonna
make the long drive down we're gonna go
see them and you're excited huh
grandma's gonna howl at you and kiss you
just what you want good morning from
California brain what in the world are
you doing chopping up cilantro cilantro
for the guac hey guys I have a question
for you cool day well they're called a
whole day full day full day
guys we just had a killer fool party
thank you guys for an awesome pool party
they have some really awesome pool party
montage videos check out Brian's channel
check out
Katie's channel : Colin go oh my gosh oh
my gosh yes I know I'm getting sicker
I'm gonna do it I'm really gonna do it
but seriously go check out their blogs
for some awesome pool montage because we
had a lot of fun what are we gonna do
next are we can take the hoverboards
know the guests they should get some
slushies not we're gonna do so grandma
is 90 to 92 hi oh it's too dark
yeah she climbed up please stairs
she's up in her attic and I'm just a few
days ago when I was here grandma's
really clean if you've noticed in her
home she's pretty clean but and she had
all these boxes out here and they did
all that yesterday they got these huge
shelves and they've been putting all of
grandma's stuff right here so she can go
through it because she doesn't want
climb in the Attic when I'm no one's
here to help but Marilla is really very
she's nothing the Attic you know there's
just something amazing about a slushee
and a scooter on a hot summer day what
do you guys think score squad
wait where's Colin where's Kyle there he
is what Oh boys I got me see her gallon
of milk that she needed for when she
eats her cookies as she puts it in the
freezer like what
so we're going back to Brian's house
because we're gonna heat up the grill
we're gonna throw some flank steak on
there we're gonna eat it we're gonna
have a really good time
you try to take them off and then gates
took them away missing what was that
Oh what the kiss me as farts are funny
hurts are funny ready ready you can get
a little runny one to that Howie
Jackson's cousin is trying to coax him
in the house with a stream of rocks
because he won't go in the house and
look it's kind of working
he's so excited
he's so excited he's laying on the floor
Howie that's cute of you you are cute to
him oh he got stuck halfway though yes -
he's mesmerized by the beautiful rocks
look a little further
a little closer oh it's working it's
working
okay we're gonna do something stupid but
it might turn out amazing so we want to
get on film just in case right Jared I'm
thinking of you this song I miss you
baby ah
and you I miss you so much
do you miss daddy oh I love you this
doesn't make vol course I miss you but
it doesn't make me like miss you it
makes egg appreciate you I miss you
singing I love you Jared I love you and
I cannot wait to kiss you I cannot wait
to kiss you I just got off facetiming
with Ellie and I miss her very very much
yeah if I was staying with you know it's
just not the same anyway while I was
facetiming her she was sending me here
footage for the day and we were chatting
and everything in all of a sudden Brian
just busted his owl like nobody's
business right give me a little
breakdown about what's going on here
so we have some carne asada
you know for your asada awesome on it
steak and chicken steak and check yeah
yeah yeah front row Toby vanish rice
milk number two
there's no sense in crying over spoiled
milk okay Bryan thanks so much for
making this this looks and smells
delicious everyone turn on your
smellivision
yeah so we're gonna eat some dinner but
stay tuned because I have some very
important information about VidCon that
I want to talk to you guys so in about
three seconds we're going to talk about
that three two one boom so I'm sitting
here nursing I don't know if you can see
Jackson Jackson and he's totally going
to the bathroom huh oh wow oh well I
think he's playing with dirt now is he
playing with dirt guys I think he's
playing with dirt but anyway I was
sitting here nursing and he's back there
I'm like I think you're pooping Calvin
you just pooped and you're eating there
are so many things going on at once and
actually I'm talking to Jared on the
phone too and I was like wait I got to
film this so as I promised mere seconds
ago I was talking about VidCon tomorrow
is gonna be the very first day of VidCon
and I wanted to talk about like the
schedule and everything throughout the
weekend there's really two important
things that you guys need to know if you
want to see me and Colin and Katie and
Bryan and Missy on Friday at 10:30 at
the fullscreen booth this is gonna be a
lot of fun me Bryan and Missy the naive'
Knowles and Gav and babe are going to be
playing heads up and we're having a
competition now Ellie was gonna be my
partner while she was here but she's not
here so what we're gonna do is we're
gonna do something fun we're actually
gonna grab someone from the audience so
if you guys want to play heads up with
me and be my partner make sure you're at
the fullscreen booth at 10:30 a.m. maybe
even show up a little bit early just in
case but I may have a t-shirt to give
away to if you're there if you're my
partner so make sure they're I'm also
going to be going and hanging out with
Bryan and Missy
their meet up at the maker studios booth
what day in time 30
Saturday at 11:30 in the morning come
early because we're gonna be there a
little bit early too
so we're gonna do a little you know a
meet-up kind of it's not an alley and
Jared meetup it's it's Jared tagging
along with Bryan and Missy's meetup and
we're gonna do that there so Friday at
10:30 come play heads-up with me and
against all the other vloggers Saturday
at 11:30 come to the Meetup and you'll
see us there and here's another thing
that I wanted to talk about if you see
me and us at VidCon please don't
hesitate to stop me and say hello and
grab a picture with me because that's
why we're there that's that's a big
reason is I want to meet you guys I want
to see the people who are behind the
computer screen the people who are
leaving comments that people are
watching the video because you guys are
the best like you guys make this
possible and I want to say hello to you
and I want to shake your hand I don't
want a hug yen sometimes maybe I won't
kiss you on the cheek or something I
don't know maybe that's a little too
much absolutely
unless you want maybe Ellie you tell me
if that's okay no it's not good okay all
right she told me it's not good all
right that's what I want to talk about
please come it'd be a lot of fun I
really want to see you guys let me know
in the comments below if you're gonna be
there that is his favorite thing with
you guys you roll it really
so mom and dad have been working on
they've been clearing it out and uncle
Jim gave this to Jackson he's not
playing something that I've been liking
lately as I started changing the way
I've been holding Calvin in the rap I've
been having his little legs out now and
he's more comfortable with that because
he's grown so fast hey Kevin say hi to
everyone
Benny way he's been a really happy boy
today he's good just to tag along hey
did you get the bug hey Ellie how are
you I miss you so much oh hi Calvin
oh he looks so precious I miss you I
think you're pretty great you know that
exactly that's funny because we were
just saying like like I cannot wait to
get eyes footage so I can see what they
were up to like that's how fun is it
like I'm so excited to see what you guys
did today you know that will be so fun
cool well guys I'm gonna say goodnight
to my wife she is getting ready for bed
so Ellie say goodbye to these guys bye
guys right yeah thanks Ann I love you
we're in the hot tub Jerez ending his
blog it's working it's working dude that
was like a year and a half of that was a
long time ago guys we're hanging out
here in the hot tub we've got some
family and friends family and friends
you guys are my family friends bringing
it out in the hot tub having a really
great time put your pants on drew it's a
warm tub spirit that's oh yeah it's nice
other warnings it's a perfect if you're
pregnant 97 degrees it's just below the
threshold of when you actually should
not have it be hot because you're
pregnant
okay hot thanks for the public service
announcement right no it really is like
it's not I just jumped in the pool and
it was like not much different than this
so before the battery dies anyway thank
you guys so much for watching the vlog
today I am super excited for our very
first VidCon tomorrow we're gonna have
our well I keep saying our it's my first
well this is because we need to print
out a cardboard cutout of Ellie gee that
would be fun I can carry her everywhere
thank you guys
be sure to check out Brian and missing
and : Katie I'll have that links down
below you guys are awesome I hope to see
you guys tomorrow in person but if not
check out the vlog and we'll see you
guys later bye bye
I just like the water I know it's a sexy
now I'm just kind of wait until the
battery dies oh yeah we're gonna include
the footage when when we were talking in
the hot tub earlier because they was
montage but it's just gonna be what we
were talking about because it's funny
behind the scenes - okay Ari Oh see you
later bye
but it got away and I was like oh and
then and then I went underneath there's
like you go one two three Oh
the itsy-bitsy spider is actually really
a deep philosophical discussion yeah
there's dedication yes poise altitude
attitude yes and finally sub after the
race right come from the water and the
sunglasses just landed right on their
face yeah
