you
you
okay my minions I have a question for
you too are you ready to rule the park
well okay first muggles because no go
and then we'll go rule apart so I got
through security just fine and it was
actually really surprising because I I
brought this with me I brought it so and
the TSA agent was like dude you have one
of those that's so cool I was really
worried he was going to be like you
can't bring that on there but Cooper
actually just tried it what you think
that it's hearty
so he's yet you want me to go write it
up and down the halls okay I'm gonna try
it or freshen do you want to walk okay
there you go back make sure you get it
mixed
compris and get that - well no I just
made
what do you think who is doing that yeah
they haven't said anything yet
I think they would let you if you know
how to write yeah it's for my bad hip
will tell them that how about that
well Jared is currently on an airplane
right now Jared I hope you're flying
safe ss in the kiddos bump bump bump
bump bump we are on the way to the park
and look what Jackson nobody is there
not one person here you go play come
here okay go run to the park my little
baby Calvin and I will meet you there
you
you
you
my mate is a California and I was right
in the hoverboard and I was doing at all
and I was like I don't have so but
that's so cool and then some ladies like
oh sorry you can't be riding that in
there so I have a stuff but now just
waiting for Brian he said he was here
somewhere so he's gonna pick me up and
yeah we're in California I'm in
California Kelly I miss you already
Jackson let me see your hands I can't I
can't find it let me see I think it's
this hand let me see oh it's right there
okay right there okay and my gosh let me
see it's just a white dot right I'm
seeing if it hurts
he doesn't seem to be crying anymore
we're at the park at Jackson was playing
kind of by a pole like that with a bunch
of the little kids and he whipped his
hand up and started screaming and the
boys were like he got stung by a bee but
then he started crying and now he's
starting again so we're almost home bro
check it out check it out
guys I'm with Brian I just realized this
is crazy
well I uh I win it was my friend it's my
first time in LA and I didn't realize
like that Airport is so busy like
there's a shoulder-to-shoulder
everywhere actually lucky that I got it
in on the second toran some people will
just keep going keep going until you
have a chance but um so I made a rookie
mistake I was waiting for Brian in the
bus lane when clearly he was waiting in
the car Lane and we're like where are
you where are you he's right literally
right behind me I'm an idiot I'm so
surprised that you're not screaming
there it let me see your hand
let's do this just in case Jackson
you're a big boy you seriously I would
be screaming at the storm right now I'm
so sorry you got stung I don't know but
I flipped out more than Jackson like
Jackson
why on his hand and he was pretty upset
but then by the time I picked him up he
stopped crying
and of course I didn't know what to oh
don't eat that and um I called Bonnie
right away just because she's the
closest one here and I was like what do
I do
it because all I know is some kids are
allergic and they have like a really bad
reaction and so I was really worried but
he seems to be okay can see the little
brain can barely see it in the camera
Brian whoa Brian we're going to the gas
station and why not take the scooters
why not oh so we just got done in the
pool showered and got ready we may be
expecting some awesome visitors later
and we may be going to do something
really fun tonight
there's one issue Ellie did not watch my
unibrow before we left and I did not
pluck my unibrow at Beau and Emily's
house luckily Missy is here to save the
day tweezers eyebrow turning to eyebrows
Oh Jackson I found her I found the
actual finger that it let me see you put
it here put the Treat in this hand oh my
gosh do you know oh my gosh you guys
don't win it oh my gosh I don't I've
never had this happen but I'm gonna call
I'm gonna call real quick cuz just in
case of what to do you know one of my
babies get hurt I got such an ass I can
take care of my babies but I just wanted
to tell you that I think I'll be okay
but I'll keep an eye on throughout the
day so be okay and you'll be okay over
there oh my gosh I'll forget it
guys con and Katie and Mason Gaines hi
sweetie
hey hey do you guys want to be my
friends cuz Jackson's not here will you
be my friend Jackson yeah Jackson you
guys are all gonna be like my best
friend you know really bad right now
from the plane oh please not even
possible for you to smell that oh I'm
sorry Ellie this is like a dream come
true for me like this is crazy I were at
the Gibson the Gibson showroom and we're
about to go on a party like if you if
you would have told me that when I was a
little kid I wouldn't have believed yet
like this is so crazy just like a dream
of yours this is a dream of mine see
look it's a Gibson Gibson I hope I hope
I can at least just play just like book
one yeah plus a little play a little
guitar Jackson you have to keep a secret
okay
don't tell Dad that we just ate the last
two corn dogs corn dogs they are so good
for me yes Jared whoa we just ate the
last two corn dogs we may need to go and
buy some more
Jackson's fingers are no longer swollen
so he is doing much better and Calvin
you're just resting in the Rays time to
wake up buddy can you wake up hi hi ooh
Rickson Barney so we've got like the
live show right here
I'm going to show up in cars just like
that like this is crazy
these are lined up all these we have a
bunch of sign as far as to
you know big huge people
the less ball you got all these
different guitars like how cool is that
whoa
whoa
just keep breathing
whoa
Oh
oh just keep breathing breathing
Oh checks and grab his binky Anna's
blanket laid right next to Calvin even
acted like we've been laying around all
day huh you tired now sit ready for bed
just a guitar jump with all of these
cameras all the way around here we're
gonna go see what it looks like
I feel like any pretty good
music
like
bleep
we just finished up at the party had a
killer time thank you guys for an
awesome party we appreciate all that you
guys do everything that you stand for
thanks Casey appreciate it triangles on
your shirt still I know I'm trying to
get him off we had an awesome time he
was awesome Gibson oh oh so awesome it
was friggin do pellicle thank his chuck
dope was junk
hi dopest dope is junk I am I allowed to
say that I'm gonna be the designated
driver
nope I'm the I'm the designated driver
yes I drink water I make sure I have
promised Jared that I will buy him in
and out and Lenny malleable McHale I've
never give you my couch bro there's a
lot of real estate on that couch I I'm
gonna enjoyed that couch alright thank
you guys so much for watching today
Jared we miss you we love you kisses -
hey say goodbye to Daddy
say goodnight thank you and we are so
excited to see the footage that dad gets
so we'll see you tomorrow goodbye we're
here you know give it this is your first
thing I eat it out no dammit ow
I have to take these two fools home
that's what I have here guys thanks so
much for watching the vlog be sure to
check out Brian and Colin we have
blasted the tricks and party thank again
are you guys watching we'll see you
tomorrow Ellie I love you I miss you
you're the best give Jax more I'll be
happy give Jackson and Calvin a big hug
and kiss her I love you bye
burger burger
by travelpod member
