what did you put in daddy shoe what have
you been putting in the shoe put some
bobby pins for his trip so he can do is
here that's a good idea
let's just say today is pajama day at
our house it is raining outside and
we're gonna be in the car all day long
and I think Calvin's pretty excited that
it's pajama day are you so excited
you're in your jammies
you can't even you're Jionni's all day
long
Calvin I gotta ask you you're almost two
months old are you excited to be two
months old you are how are you feeling
are you happy you are how's your tummy
does it feel good it dies oh good I'm so
glad oh that's a burps OH hiccups now Oh
kisses to always bring extra in case you
fall in I grew up hearing that phrase
all the time when I was getting ready
for scout camp going on vacations just
doing anything where I'd be away from
home for an extended period of time I'm
packing for VidCon right now and I might
have a little too much in case I fall in
I can't decide I don't know if we're
gonna be playing basketball I don't know
if I'm gonna need dry nice dress shoes I
don't know if I'm gonna go on a run but
I just maybe I don't know it's probably
too much it's probably way too much I am
gonna be gone a week after I get back
from VidCon - so this is kind of just
like I'm gonna be gone for like two
weeks straight and it makes me think
like oh geez I have to check it back
anyway so it's like well might as well
fill it up right at least as long as
long as it's not over 50 pounds tim
ferriss who's a famous author he just
posted a blog online how to always
travel and never check luggage and here
I'm like oh my gosh I would never be
able to toot anyway that's what I'm
doing as I'm packing right now probably
too much probably too much Ellie
probably thinks Jerry
you're crazy J you're crazy at least I
don't have this much in hair product
that's the kicker she has so much stuff
for her hair and her makeup but I don't
she's in the other room so I'm trying to
whisper so she doesn't hear this ah what
I didn't supposed to say anything about
Ellie and the kids are all asleep at
home right now and I had to sneak out
because we have to leave at a certain
time today and I have a lot of stuff
done so I can't just be sitting at home
while the kids are asleep so Joel and I
are getting it done we're getting some
things done wherever we're looking for
the Travel section because I've got to
have my hairspray I don't usually use
you know hairspray use spray wax is that
weird look to show my hair routine is
that weird even to say yeah Ellie and
the kids are asleep and I'm not gonna
see Joel for two weeks so I figured Joel
come with me and we'll have lunch and
it'll be a lot of fun so I just think
mandate it's a it's a mandate mandate a
mandate that we have a mandate hi you
her oh okay where are these special key
bars Ellie goes through these like white
on rice like she's all over these right
yeah she she eats these on an hourly
basis so yeah down here probably I miss
you already
I'll see in like two weeks
tweeze is a long time I'll never let go
Jack I'll never let go you know that
that piece of wood was clearly buoyant
enough to hold both of their weight she
just didn't want she didn't want him
it's a true story
she's I've actually never seen the movie
what anyway next mandate it's a mandate
so my brother and his wife Emily are so
gracious to let Jared stay the night
tonight the airport is quite a ways away
and he has to leave really early in the
morning so Jared's gonna stink here and
then I'll miss him
for several days but we're here and
Calvin is loving the little jungle gym
mat and he is right next to his cousin
Henry and guess what Harry's four months
Calvin's two months Calvin is ten pounds
Henry's eleven and a half but Henry
looks so much bigger to me like he's so
long and tall and you're rolling over
and eating your hand you are so cute
yeah and holding my hand so the boys are
playing on the mat bo and Jared are
playing with the kids with these little
magnetic toy every time I build
something awesome Jackson knocks it down
it's not very nice look I'm building
this this this would be classified as
awesome wouldn't you say yeah and once I
get to a certain height Jackson comes
over he's like oh that's a little too
high I'm gonna knock it down I'm gonna
rock it
who says that do you like him yes he
loves you he likes you caved
when when when when I was a baby I am
mama now you've had him what mama and
milk you had mama milk too
you know what Calvin Ghetts mama milk
too I don't know hey buddy I'm gonna
miss you I'm gonna miss you so much you
know that hey are you gonna miss me
hey give me that say yeah are you gonna
miss me oh yeah do you love me yeah Oh
Calvin I'm gonna come talk to you here
in a minute too
I'm gonna come talk to you in just one
second can I have a kiss goodbye have a
kiss goodbye
mmm oh that's so sweet of you Jackson I
love you I'm gonna miss you say Dada
maybe say Dada baby he wants his binky
is night time huh so you get your binky
oh yeah okay say bye bye I love you bye
bye
I'm gonna miss you I love you bye bye
okay Calvin I'm gonna miss you too I'm
not gonna make you say anything though
cuz you can't talk yet so don't worry oh
you're such a handsome little boy you
know that I'm gonna miss you it's going
for the kiss I love you I've never been
away from you this long they think three
nights is the longest yeah and it
doesn't matter the time it's never easy
and that's always fun I hate sleeping my
eyes oh no I'm gonna sleep a real good
oh geez Ellie didn't wax my unibrow oh I
hope the house isn't melted me too I'm
gonna miss you I miss you I'm gonna miss
you so much mmm
love you I love you have fun drive safe
I will I'll call you I get home I
pressure go it's a long drive you know
what's great about technology I could
call you you can call me we can video
chat anytime
for sure I love you me too please drive
safe
I will please call me in five minutes I
will okay I'll call you when I get home
so that crashes our kiddos hmm okay love
the idea thanks for watching the vlog
today oh I wanted to tell you guys so a
lot of people were asking if Ellie was
gonna be vlogging while I'm in
California and yes we're gonna do like
snapshots from each other's day so
you're gonna see what Ellie's doing
you're gonna see what I'm doing it's
gonna be it's gonna be good okay it's
gonna be a little sad for us but you
guys are gonna have some awesome content
okay okay I'm so sad yeah okay the
kiddos will be good though they'll be
happy
okay I'll miss you though all right
thanks for watching guys be sure to hit
that thumbs up button and be ready for a
week of VidCon so make sure you're
subscribed
