I can't believe he could reach it okay
Jackson ah do the other one do the ice
oh my gosh mom why are you provoking him
I can't believe my own mother is being a
poor influence stopping what oh my gosh
so Jackson he we were all sitting in the
living room he comes running back into
the living room his shirt is just
sopping wet I'm like what in the heck
happened and grandma grandma gray is
like I probably you know he's probably
reaching up into the fridge and pushing
the water and we so we come out and see
and I don't even think he could reach it
so we come in to see and sure enough
he's pushing the button and he's
laughing like crazy so mom is like you
should probably film this and so that's
what we're doing and then mom's like go
ahead Jackson push it again push it
again oh no push the ice one mom my own
mother
okay Jackson we got to get your clothes
hold that we have to admit it is pretty
cute huh oh there he goes again oh you
locked it good
good morning guys that we ended up at
Grandma grades and look Calvin and
grandma you look so pretty good pretty
in red thank you you are snuggling
you're snuggling Alvin and Jared and his
brother huh skin oh you're husking corn
and calve and Calvin I hunt you Calvin
Jackson it's not so cool whenever I pick
you up I take him over here and he's
been playing this is low winter and you
kids aren't even I get a giggle get away
with playing with rocks you've got to
help husk good job high five
this one's already been eaten half way
you got a bite out of that one
we'll cook it and then you can eat it
okay thanks buddy if you notice he is
stepping rock to rock he wouldn't want
to stuff you didn't want to step in the
cracks how cute was that
so as Jared and I are on a wat I'm on a
little Cruiser I was just gonna say do
you want to know what I just remembered
we are at Jared's grandma's house and we
were going around the block and when
Jared had his hip operation and could
barely walk
I remember we either took the wheelchair
or the walker and it was a very slow
walk do you remember
yeah and we were I think we've done it
with the wheelchair and this the walker
but we he will chair it around the whole
block and I walked and I pushed him so I
guess it's my turn now have an easy what
our technology has advanced I don't have
to push you know this is seriously so
fun we're just on a little Sunday walk
and it's such a beautiful day and
beautiful I love I love going on walks
and just being able to talk and reflect
it we did that a lot where we used to
live yes I already said I want to do it
somewhere but we need to do it some more
okay okay you walk a deal I don't know
watch out for the curb um nervous no
this is the Titanic right now right I
feel like you're going like I feel like
we're gonna really like start going for
it don't leave for Jared I'm going we'll
give us a little pain in what we're
doing hey we're both on the scooter yeah
Oh Jared there we go
I don't mind it one bit so you're you're
wanting your body to turn the holes and
then line back on it yeah
dude you'd you did way better than I did
this guy how is gonna show me up and
then I'm gonna look
Oh almost got it Oh like landed one foot
little sketch sketch Jackson has been
sitting here with his cousins for
probably a good 30 minutes and he has
been playing with this cool edge at
jaska is that what they're called so
let's go a little edge scat but he's
been playing as that forever he loves it
I think he should write it on his Ville
Christmas list
I'd be a fun gift to get from Santa he
loves it
is that funny Jackson do we sneak up my
grandpa your turkey hide surprised you
could sense me I felt a tremor in the
floor
I wasn't even about to jump yeah yet I
was gonna come up to you and say I love
you MA hi sweet boy
hi three boy I think you're so cute we
did you so cute yes you are yes you are
your tummies fall yeah and you got lots
of kisses from brother and cousins
oh no you need more you need
yeah oh look at that farm Supergirl I
need the salt pepper pepper
there's your banky you menus you're
being cleared there you go
mom put your head okay Jackson do you
remember the last time you slept here
Sooey hi
I promise that's not gonna happen well I
can't promise that but we'll do our best
to make that not happen again right at
least the whole filming and laughing at
your part I can't promise you won't pull
your pants okay but now it's time
nailed it ready try again look at my
feet look at my feet look at the
position I landed wrong Jackson climbed
out of his playpen for the first time
and I think he did it again tell him to
go to bed then he didn't best time dude
did a minute ago
and he grabbed grandpa's walleye
grandma's phone that receipts he was
everywhere but he's in there Jarrod's
just putting him back to bed okay guys
I'm gonna be gone for almost a week you
guys don't see me for a week but you'll
probably see Ellie now anything that she
says that's bad not sure everything she
says that's great definitely true oh oh
you gonna tell us anything
are you out yeah are you gonna give the
gossip oh she nods her head yes oh good
we we lived with you for at least 18
years we we know all the stuff we know
it all you know all the stuff yeah all
the stuff we do okay you might not
thought I think we knew it that we did
okay and we still love you so you know
about my left butt cheek
of course we changed it we wife well
guys thanks so much for watching the
vlog today have a wonderful day and I'll
see
you guys sometime later le will probably
see us sooner them sooner than that but
thanks for watching guys we'll see you
next time
