good morning guys Calvin wants to say ah
hello
whoa oh yeah boy she'd smile add to that
toot Calvin
good morning good morning happy guy he
has been so happy you've been eating
good huh hi hey do you want to talk whoo
huh hi hi hi whoo-hoo-hoo did a happy
boy oh that's my happy boy
it is kind of a rainy day and so mom is
being really nice and I'm using one of
my lush bubble bath
look Jackson and and I am going to give
Jackson a little mini bubble bath what
do you think of that I'm just gonna
share a little bit just a little bit he
wants more look look at these bubbles
like he's even he's signing more well
yep yep I figured you do that
look John blow on them slow
look Oh Santa baby
santa baby good morning guys
Jackson and I oh you want to leave you
won't Eve oh that's a little sad
bye bye bye
anyway Jackson and I were doing our
typical morning routine he was sitting
on my lap I was uploading the video and
Sam tweeted out this awesome picture of
donuts and said happy Saturday everyone
and I was like oh wow those donuts look
so good so I went ahead and said dibs on
the blue green Center one or the pink
Simpsons one because those look so good
Sam wrote back and said it's yours I
already ate the Simpsons one so Sam
probably isn't expecting this but I am
going to take him for his word Ellie and
I are gonna drive over right now and
we're gonna get that doughnut because it
looks that good and who doesn't like it
donut right Allie she wants a doughnut
too
let's go okay so before we run our
errands I'm here at Sam's house I'm
gonna run in and I'm gonna see if I can
get a donut give me one too
I'll try here it is thank you for saving
it for me your kid honored we were
actually trying to figure out what
flavor donut that is I don't know man I
know this is strawberry uh-huh and I
don't know what that is but lady just
need chocolate six of a milk chocolate
with six things we know your lips oh
that's good that's one of them sweet
well thanks I told I take dip seriously
so I didn't like this turban I was like
Sarnia nervous I can't believe they
really haven't done' they had a doughnut
for each of us and they're like oh oh
wow that was bold wait don't say
anything yet because they were they
wanted to know what flavor of donut this
was and jackson's in the back is like I
want to buy so I'm gonna take a bite her
real coke
wanna bite is there such thing as
frosting flavor I don't know if there's
a flavor to it huh huh huh I think it's
good it's different what is it like do
you know what flavor it is mmm
mine's better maple you can't go wrong
with maple maple is always good I don't
know if you guys can see that plane out
there I'm trying to find it where to go
there it is it's doing all of these
crazy stunts it was just doing a look at
it girl look at the climb I hope I can't
see it in the camera I'm sorry guys it's
probably super blurry what in the world
it's falling now what yeah yep he's
gonna fall in and scoop right back up
whoa whoa
oh my gosh that's amazing he just did
like a bunch of spins that's so crazy
there's a stunt plane right there
Oh stalling stalling I'm right in the
way
whoa Jackson do you see the plane
so I'm here at the health food store
again and I'm just looking for some
probiotics I just I have no idea where
they are
that's that's a joke for Ellie I'm not
sure if she even knows that it was in
the background the whole time when she
was so much that's why sometimes I like
to use the little you know reflector
lens or the the display on the camera
but I someone tweeted in yesterday and
said Jared if you go to the health food
store they have this new drink it's a
juice that's dr. pepper flavor I'm
really skeptical but I thought I'd try
it out here all the kids are taking a
nap right now so I was like I'm just
gonna sneak out see if I can find this
dr. pepper flavored juice is that
cheating it's not cheating I don't know
you tell me tell me in the comments
below that cheating found it the pure
dr. let's give this a shot this does not
look like anything like dr. pepper but
we'll give it a shot my buddy told me if
I've never tried kombucha juice to do it
on camera I don't think that's a good
thing I really don't think that's a good
thing I think it's a warning but I'm
gonna try this and he assured me that
it's not soda so I would not be breaking
my one-year thing I looked at the
ingredients I feel good about it so I'm
gonna I'm gonna try this I'm so scared
the future looks bright that's good
that's a good thing to have when you
open up a can right oh I can see I can
smell a little bit of the like the dr.
pepper flavoring but it's it's
definitely different oh man I'm not good
with new things it's okay
it's very ginger like there's lots of
ginger flavoring into it
is there even ginger in it I might be
thinking of something different maybe
that's the kombucha I don't know that's
how I would describe it
anyway it's okay it's not something that
I would drink on a regular basis I can
tell you that it's okay it's alright
yeah it's okay all I hear is Jackson
laughing hysterically I'm gonna what is
going on judge it again start again one
two three I just saw he was laughing
harder than I think I've ever heard him
laugh before yes momma wins a good boy
oh he loves that I'm tired oh well put
your head down sleep next to mommy put
your head down okay
hey he's like no mom I want to go on the
right again oh there you go you guys are
the cutest ah fresh sweet corn Oh No
where is it turn it Ellie and I were
driving out today and we saw this
earlier like oh we should totally gave
some fresh corn it'll be so good and we
drove up just now to get it in they're
all gone all the merchants and already
gone we're gonna evite dinner you know
what
Arby's Arby's or even better condoms
come ha
I saw us down the side world-best Claire
dogs down the road did you yeah
you're seven above any water is that
funny
where does this kid think of this stuff
I don't know I think you're just growing
up just playing jacks no look hands up
in the window looks like a herd okay
buddy
I think we're going to get bath hmm I'm
gonna get ready for bed put your hand up
like this
relax straight up smooth chillin you
guys are chilling we're psych villains
chewing cheese Calvin let me help you
with that
hmm there you go that's much better
hey little man how are you ah did you
have a good sleep
oh you did you had a good sleep yeah
you're gonna have a great sleep tonight
oranga mr. shark mr. stinky feet that's
something that we need to discuss about
this family is Jackson stinky feet
Jackson and his sandals and then there's
a wedding little boys like you know
sometimes they have cheap shoes yeah
he's just he's just a boy plays hard
sweats hard work sorry's get stinky feet
this might go take a bath huh
you need a bath young man say yeah yeah
good job thanks for watching the vlog
today guys we hope you have a wonderful
evening and we'll see you guys tomorrow
tomorrow come on goodbye goodbye goodbye
goodbye
I say good night Kevin I'll see you at
4:00 in the morning three maybe two
thank you should we send out a tweet
what should we say to our viewers at
3:00 in the morning we'll see you guys
next time bye say bye oh you're cute Oh
