no lie Ellie and I are downstairs and
Jackson is playing and this combination
is perfect I don't know how he thought
of this but he grabbed the cowbell and
got on the cow and is playing around
checks in I've got a fever
and the only thing I need is more
cowbell bring it can you shake it come
on shake it no not that hand silly boy
shake your cowbell boom-boom bottom
bottom yeah shake it well you've got
your man his cow in the cow belly
that's your son that's your son right
there
technology I'd like to have a chat with
you no batteries I want to talk with you
we need to have a serious discussion a
serious conversation about why you need
improvement
not just the battery life but the
display say you have a battery with
three bars on it okay you've got full
bars you you think your camera can
record forever oh but you you know
you've gone through some time you've
recorded a lot of great content like of
your son playing with toys and then
you're down to two bars oh I use you
know 30 minutes of footage on that first
part
I should have 60 minutes total no that's
not the truth
I've got like five minutes left to
record maybe even if that's lucky if I
hit one bar then you better get what
you're saying done or your battery's
gonna cut off just like that see what I
mean guys the battery lies it's
deceiving it's very deceiving guys can't
we just get battery technology all to be
really really great and awesome it's a
little rant of truth because the
batteries you know as a vlogger you're
using that display as a lifeline because
if your batteries now you've got to get
another one if you've only got one well
you're in trouble
shut it shut it right now ladies look
how good the sleeves like oh how does
this shirt like guys could we have
gotten kids at all for Jackson yeah this
is just a preliminary like test run okay
are you mad that I'm filming it oh I'm
excited I'm Jared and I just sent a
thing into the to the place you get
printed these are just like mock-up
shirts to see how we like them and i
this is a lady shirt so it's not like
the unisex so jared got the got the
mixture and then this is for women and I
like the sleeves onyx it's like tight
like this is like a fitted shirt ah like
it do you like the design I like the
design a lot I like that it's like the
same color and guess what what we've got
more designs coming out too this is
exciting did you find a hiding spot are
you hiding now you're hiding oh oh now
run away find another hiding spot run
run run run run run I'm gonna get you
I'm gonna get you so we drove down to
Grandma greates house hey grandma great
and Jackson has found a new favorite
spot at Grandma's house he will sit over
here and that little tiny little stool
and just hang out sit on your bum he
loves it
he runs around it'll go play for a
little bit and then we'll come right
back over here and he'll sit on his bum
are you having a good time yes he's been
following him around and yeah and are
you having fun yeah can you give me high
five what does the doggy say what does
daddy say does daddy say I'm gonna spank
you just daddy say I love you so Jackson
when we're saying goodbye what do you
like to do to grandma's hair touch gran
was there he would you get them reaching
late does it look like cotton candy
it looks like cotton candy you got it
done today didn't you
you're good Justin it looks beautiful
well thank you when you're leavin this
yeah I was good senior but we'll see a
lot in a couple days right yeah I will
all right baby Anne
yeah oh yeah
put it in there that's a great idea no
mate oh no Jackson huh how are you doing
a little nighttime snack Oh playtime
nighttime snack or having fun before we
go to bed okay Jackson say good night
look say good night to everyone say bye
Jackson
huh look at mom oh okay enforce a
button-pushing say good night to
everyone push the button yeah push it
dance can you dance so how do you like
your new lens I think it looks pretty
good it's a really big lens but we just
got a new lens for the DSLR so we
decided to end the vlog with our new
ones I wanted to test it out and I have
it on manual mode or else I would go
we're gonna pause it okay guys we need
to talk we need to talk about something
Ellie and I weren't planning on going to
VidCon at all it wasn't even on our
agenda at all we knew we were having a
baby so we just didn't even plan going
to VidCon some things changed over time
and we decided well we've you know
things are going pretty well we let's
let's go to VidCon and we'll have fun
we'll meet every one that'll be great
well I decided I told Jeremy we started
YouTube and everything I said I I always
wanted to be a stay-at-home mom my mom
was a stay-at-home mom and I consider
myself a stay-at-home mom I also do a
lot of work you know the videos and
stuff but I am pretty happy with my
position yeah and I told Jared when we
booked the tickets I said I just want
you to know that if the day before
VidCon comes if I feel like I shouldn't
go you know for the kids sake that I
need to be a mom and I'll just
be home with the kids and wolves you'll
go and I was planning on going planning
on going back to Florida everything was
great the first month was awesome and I
the more it's come closer to VidCon I
get like butterflies and like anxious
and Jared's having a huge family reunion
the week after the day Yeah right when
we get back VidCon they're having a week
family vacation and I thought you know I
don't think emotionally I can do both
and I think for the kids sake for
Jackson you know hauling him around and
me with getting better breastfeeding
Kelvin I think it would be best if I
stayed back and I hate that but I think
that if I I my my mind wants to go but
the mom side of me says I need to stay
home with my babies so in short Ellie is
going to stay here and I will be going
to VidCon I'm still gonna see you guys
we're still gonna have a lot of fun but
we just wanted to keep you guys updated
want to let you know what's going down
so with that being said we want to thank
you guys for all the support all of the
feedback and suggestions and all the
help that you've given Ellie over the
past few weeks with Calvin it really
does help us and it makes us feel good
that we have this awesome community that
we can just sit down and talk with it
makes us feel really good and really
grateful so thank you guys
do you like these shirts but that's
gonna do it for us today guys thank you
so much for watching thank you so much
for understanding
just remember this isn't the only
convention there's gonna be a lot more
yeah there's gonna be a lot more in the
future so you'll see both of us all four
of us there he's hungry he is are you
ready to eat yeah okay thanks for
watching guys and we'll see you tomorrow
bye there's new vans new lens new lens
new lens new
oh there goes dude you're actually doing
really good get it get it to the Titanic
yeah
