yeah yeah yeah yeah girls don't show
butts in your mouth that's sick
good morning guys Jackson and I other
than showing you his chewed out food
have some very important mission
objectives to take care of that place
right there is going to contain our
YouTube plaques so I'm going to hang
those up and we're gonna have a lot of
fun today because my parents are coming
in and down
okay guys are you ready 1 2 3 boom what
do you guys think thing looks pretty
good let's get a backup shot of this I'm
not sure if Ellie will want me to show
this because she wants to do a room tour
but there it is guys that's like my
corner of the office right there
pretty sweet whew whew Jackson we got
all our chores done and guess what all
our chores are done before we have some
special visitors are you excited to see
Grandma and Grandpa get that binky out
of your mouth are you excited to see
Grandma and Grandpa say yeah yeah say hi
grandma say grandpa Grandma and Grandpa
are on their way and I'm so excited I
can't wait to see him I haven't been if
we saw him in April but still it's so
good to see your parents so mom and dad
should be here any minute now and dad
said he had some important stuff that he
had to do for work so I went ahead and
got a little table for him and his
favorite drink and diet dr. pepper got
it all set it up so he could get some
work done and I could get some work done
and we've got a fun little office here
Ellie says too bad you can't have a dr.
pepper huh it's ok I've got a stick true
to my goals have got a work hard work
hard and work hard stick to it I never
complained she says I don't complain
verbally I just think about it all the
time it's hard because I want one and
that's the hard thing is I always want I
never get one but I always want one I've
got to get past that see it's in our
blood Jackson wants one he just wants
one I think this is fun though this is
gonna be awesome working all together
he's not gonna be here very long in the
office but I figure might as well make
it at home as possible you know and look
who arrived it's grandma grandpa holding
baby Calvin so he gave you a smile
already did yes that's how we ride
instantly well that's just how you guys
are the grandparents there's the instant
bond the down is a little sad that you
I have a head of hair in mine Jack yeah
what is up with this well it's just you
know perfection takes time dad
perfection takes time more that is so
beautiful he doesn't mean it he doesn't
need it that's where your dad comes in
right come see your office dad come see
your office it's not much okay but it's
what I could do in the in the ten
minutes that I had to prepare oh it's
perfect
oh thank you so I didn't I got two
tables I got big square one because I
know that's what you have that at
grandma's house but I figured this might
give you a little bit wide real estate
for your two monitors this is perfect
Koff oh my and then Ryan if you want to
hang out on that computer you can too
but you'll have to use this chair that's
not a true Oh mom he was just looking up
at you and smiling he's been waiting for
you
yes active waiting for you oh look at
him look at you did you see that oh how
precious
that is the cutest thing Ellie are you
seeing much time and are you excited to
play with Jackson do you want to play
with Jackson or do you want to go look
at dishwashers okay yeah that's a blog a
throwback to a long time ago that's your
and you're just the cutest you know that
you know that problem
yeah of course we had to bring this out
well as you can see we have been having
loads and loads of fun Jackson have we
been having fun we have been having tons
of fun but Ryan and I are gonna have a
little bit more fun
Ryan and I are gonna go to the shooting
range and you guys are gonna hang out
have some fun here you have not let go
of that baby yeah oh yeah yay thank you
grandma I am on my way to the grocery
store or the natural grocers um Graham
is watching Calvin and the kids
I am on my way in to go get some
probiotics I just recently heard about
probiotics that helps with your
digestive system and I can help with the
babies as well so I'm here this smells
very different in here but I'm here to
go find a probiotic I have no idea what
I'm doing
I like I have no idea where they even
are I don't know aah gasps stop is that
a probiotic seriously I don't know what
I'm doing
there's so many pills everywhere Thank
You Jean this is what you recommended to
me on Twitter I really appreciate it I
am here I'm getting my probiotic is
supposed to help me and I am giving
Calvin a probiotic as well so hopefully
this is just good it's good to be extra
healthy and I don't know thank you for
your Michael Curry recommendation on
Calvin he really is doing a lot better
in the daytime about eating it's the
night time that he acts more in pain and
I wonder if the medicine kind of wears
off by the evening or he's just still
this still working out but he is doing a
lot better and a lot of people recommend
to take out dairy I've been really good
like I don't eat cereal I eat oatmeal in
the mornings I've been pretty good about
what I eat
I ate ice cream like two weeks ago
before all this happened but I'm
definitely not eating any more dairy for
the time being until he clears up but I
don't know I'm happy with how things are
going he's getting a lot better and I'm
just glad that he is a pretty happy baby
and I just I love that I'm able to
breastfeed them I definitely don't want
to stop because one I really wanted to
make it work with Jackson and two it's
just it's easy to like I don't have to
do bottles and stuff I really didn't
love doing that with Jackson but I don't
know we'll see so far I've made it two
months so I'm giving myself a thumbs up
for that but anyway I gotta go home I
gotta take this and I gotta feed Calvin
it is so rude to leave your car in the
middle of that that's so rude don't
leave your cart people put it away put
it away well dad I think before you go
you really need to try out the
hoverboard oh I don't know you at least
want to just try it well if Ryan and I
stand on both sides of you would you try
it yes
I'm kind right okay you want to try all
right here we go
yeah get back on your feet
get on your feet yeah sure he just tried
it in like there was no one business
he's doing he is just playing all right
I gotta me boys okay we got longer than
you I take that back okay I'm one
now just think look up to the hopes no
one's above lean back there you go look
at you okay
I forgot to say annika Don must really
like our nice brothers our fathers don't
shake hands
that's Jackson hurry we got we're doing
Jackson run Hey
spinning we're gonna get you
we're going to hit
we're gonna getcha we're gonna get you
you're gonna get out yeah we yeah we you
know everyone's gonna say you two look
so much alike here stamp turn this way
so you can see in the light Jackson are
you grandpa meet gum this boy are you
grab your totally grandpa's boy hat came
on your turn
I keep your full foot on there and then
just tilt it either gone but your body's
not look how good you did much better
than that
hey Jackson we shake my hand hey Jackson
shake my hand put her there
butter there put her there
well guys I think that's gonna do it for
us today thank you guys so much for
watching I am so glad my parents were
able to stop by today we had a lot of
fun be sure to check out my snapchat cuz
my brother and I went to the shooting
range and we had a lot of fun and I may
or may not have just caught the cutest
picture of Calvin on my snapchat it
might be the cutest thing ever it might
you think you think hello
I think he's pretty cute right now
thanks for watching guys have a
wonderful day evening afternoon wherever
are you are Danny what are you doing the
better shot good afternoon good evening
and good night see ya bye
le we are so much alike le is editing a
video that's gonna go on her channel
right now it's gonna be there right now
go check it out but she's editing her
video and she's got her little bowl of
snacks over there a little oatmeal
cookie and a bunch of nuts high water
and then if you follow me into my office
I'm gonna show you something
not as healthy but these are my snacks
we are both editing and snacking and
that's how we do our Thursday nights
