get in the corner no say say ball
good morning guys the whole house is
vacuumed and the laundry is done all for
holding baby Kelvin we it has been
seriously ah has been two months is
crazy the first month flew by I went to
Florida with him it was a breeze but
this two months is kicking my butt
ever since through about the medicine
for kelvins reflux he has been better
throughout the day on eating but he
still acts really in pain and at night
is horrible at night is so hard getting
him to sleep like from eight to eleven
is really hard and but hopefully we'll
get there I caught the doctor's office
again and I was like is there any more
medicine you can give them because um
they say that sometimes they need two
medications but we'll do a week on the
medicine he's on now and they say that's
the best for what he has and then if it
doesn't subside then they'll do another
and I don't think we'll have to do
another I just think that I was so I
woke up this morning and I was like I
can't function but you know getting up
and going things get better but we're
gonna finish cleaning Kelvin you know I
wish you could help but I guess you can
sleep there so we're gonna finish
cleaning and then we're gonna get going
with our day Jackson I see you cuddling
Calvin's blanket they see you kinda like
his blanket lay your head down go to
sleep
bring it down hi happy boy hey you're
gonna grow up just thinking the camera's
another sibling right huh Jackson or
anything so he likes to grab the camera
and run away and give a slobbery kisses
just like he does to Kelvin hey okay
I've got the men in the house locked up
in my office because we're gonna try and
let mom rest a little bit just as long
as we possibly can right guys
we're gonna try and cooperate we're
gonna play together really nicely and
we're not gonna take one's binky I am
trying to get all of the picture frames
set up with all the other pictures so we
can get them printed put up organized
locked and loaded before my mom and dad
get here they're coming to Utah today
but they won't be here till tomorrow so
we're trying to get everything done
today before they come so the house is
already all cool for mom and dad and
other family members that are gonna come
later
are you that met your brother are you
now made your brother go to to say hi
yeah Oh what oh did it package come what
is it oh I thought about it I totally
forgot about it - what what is it
Elliott came Jackson he's so excited
Ellie you got to be pooping your pants
right now on the fourth of July oh my
gosh oh my gosh guys this is this is a
huge momentous occasion right now
everyone get your socks on because
they're about to be knocked off this is
for my channel Oh
look le my 200
let's read it let's read it YouTube
congratulations to Ellie meat gun
100,000 subscribers thank you
Jax are you so excited for Mama huh hold
it up and put it next to your face so we
can get a good picture of that I can't
beat it this is mine like this is mine
yeah that this is all your hard work
that you've done over the past year and
a half or two this is you Ellie
well thank you guys because I know a lot
of you guys go to my channel as well
some things yeah yes well a big thanks
to you guys for subscribing and watching
and supporting and if you do be sure to
check out Ellie's channel of leak down
below look at that guy's
that is a 100,000 subscriber plaque and
we congratulations I totally did - yeah
it's already got Bo it's kind of like
he's in his jammies I know it's like
3:30
we've honestly Ellie and I have been
working non-stop the entire morning
except I did take a nap but that's well
that's networking because you worked all
morning but today we're hanging stuff on
our wall and we still aren't planning on
doing that idea with our map getting
where everyone lives and putting
stickers on it it's just honestly it's
just about a baby and I just I don't
want to do the video unless I'm ready to
do the video right so I want to get our
hacks our hacks our plots hang on the
wall and then have a few fun ideas for a
little empty space and then um it'll do
that so okay I think that's cool yes
absolutely but honestly guys seriously
when we say thank you for your support
we absolutely mean it we could not do it
without you guys
we would not have these plaques we would
not have this YouTube channel where it
is right now without you so thank you
guys from the bottom and this guy right
here not Superman doesn't my heart well
we're just getting ready to go and
packing
the baby and guess what JC something
interesting and Jackson's play toy
Jackson what have I told you about my
breast pads
Jackson oh goodness
every time I recipe Calvin Jackson
brings to me a phone a toy but he never
brings me these he takes that he knows
that I need them okay Jackson has his
ball he's also got my picture hanging
stuff that I'm gonna use and guess where
we're going Jackson huh but about the
puppet ah okay we'll look at this real
quick and then we've got to go find mom
okay we got to play a little Marco Polo
okay ready one two three
hey I didn't even have to play Marco
Polo
we just ran right into each other you're
so quick look how many things you got
like two handfuls of things and I just
got this oh what's the last night oh my
gosh this is perfect this is literally
all we need are you get
okay let's go pick up our pictures and
attempt to hang up these picture frames
because mark oh hi I know I just really
didn't know I didn't know if I was hey
you don't do that I just told him I said
they said we were just talking about you
today we keep running into this friend
of ours yeah and yeah it was fun his
handshake is impeccable it's amazing
I should tell he's making me run you
down alright and we're gonna film this
handshake okay yeah
bye guys okay I think we're gonna try a
little YouTube magic are you ready for
this oh look how cute those flowers are
where you gonna put it right on the
table okay you ready for some YouTube
magic I'm gonna try a little YouTube
magic ready one two three
there you have it guys what do you guys
think this is the living room what we've
got here I just finished putting up
these pictures and these two pictures
right here we're still waiting for the
prints to come in what do you guys think
I think it's pretty awesome no checks
and he's so cute up there he's eating a
little snack just playing having fun I
love his little romper that he's wearing
he looks like a picnic table we've got a
picnic table right outside Ali he
insisted on eating outside oh what a
cutie look he's just playing he's loving
it
having fun oh the neighbor kids are
walking along please give me some more
bubbles and water balloons please he's
so cute he's such a big boy now I know
I'm pretty proud of myself I did a
bang-up job I did great good job Jerry
pat on the back high-five kind of and
then we've got this picture here we've
got a print and then we should be all
done in the living room eight months
later we're all done in the living room
at least I think I don't know what Ellie
has in mind but that's it today guys
thanks so much for watching we hope you
have a wonderful day and we'll see you
guys tomorrow bye Superman Superman
Superman Superman the dead Anna do
