good morning guys it's a beautiful
brand-new day I'm already I always feel
so good sober fresh when I wake up early
and get ready for the day and you know
what I think Ellie and Jackson are
taking it to the next level look at you
guys get ready he is doing so good but
do you like getting your hair cut it
certainly helps when you've got a water
bottle to help you out and an iPad full
of wonderful songs isn't that right jack
tech question what's up girl so I'm
pretty I can't really I'm not gonna cut
the top but who do you think that looks
good like I want the top longer yeah I
definitely think so I wish I didn't cut
so high does this blend Oh have to blend
it all but yeah I think it looks good
what's up a gel and I did not look good
yeah up on malamar but I mean for a
little one and a half-year-old I think
it looks pretty suave pretty smooth okay
look down you look really good Jesse on
the side to him and I could cut his neck
line that's great
so last night Ellie and I filmed a
really fun challenge on my channel I'll
have a link to it down below we did the
speech jammer challenge due to a lot of
popular request now I have this all set
up right here I apologize about the mess
because one thing that we thought would
be fun to do is to have Jackson's
reaction to the speech jammer challenge
are you ready bud yeah well you got to
do your hair first let's go do your hair
but we're gonna see what he does to the
speech jammer challenge I'm gonna have
that video on my channel again they'll
be like a little bonus footage it'll be
fun for you guys so have those links
down below be sure to check it out on my
personal channel Kate Jackson let's go
do your hair bud Wow okay a lot of
people ask hi G Jackson's hair and I
just calm it to how I want it when when
he's out of the tub and it kind of will
kind of dry that way so anyway I just
kind of comment how I want and then I
use the got to be glue from Walmart I've
had this forever
since I've been doing his hair and I
take a little bit I literally think they
just repackage Elmer's glue and put it
in there yeah this is this like sticks
all day and I wish it was a little drier
sometimes I like it to be a little drier
but this will work and I kind of rub it
in my hand work
first and just kind of like put it in
the hair and it drives you so fast and
sometimes I call it sometimes if it were
dryer I wouldn't have combed it because
it's a little more wet but anyway and
then it fix it like a little old man
does it that look so cute that's how I
Pixies here's my Oh Jackson say cheese
and he I have worked with him to sit
still I think we're doing your hair nope
we're doing your hair he does pretty
good doing Nick oh yeah did you look
like I blended that a lot more cell
expect oh that's good doesn't that look
you weirdo / good job mama I think he
looks like a really big boy I think
you're great
he's so cute you do cute put dip tongue
in your mouth put that dick in your
mouth you little giraffe
he just doesn't even bother you does he
Jackson hi you seem to like him
yeah how come you're so good is it
because you have dad's personality where
you're just so nice and you like
everybody is that it Jackson oh my gosh
ha ha he's seriously like Jackson so has
jairs personality he's just happy and
content but he kind of can be spastic
like me like when he gets mad he really
Goods mad and Calvin maybe you're more
like me where when you cry and yell you
just go crazy nuts kind of how I am well
after a few hours in the car I finally
made it to where I needed to go I have a
lunch meeting and then I have an
audition I have an audition for a
commercial is that weird
anyway that's what I've got to do so
I've got to run as a lunch me because
I'm already a couple minutes late
traffic was not very enjoyable it was
not very good so I'm going to go there
then I go to the audition and then I'm
going to turn around try a few hours
home we'll all be Jackson you have B in
your green beans your ham even before
your roll this Mama's proud of you good
job two one eat is some more ham you
want more green beans yep
you make me want green beans I only can
give him a few of Tanks if I give him a
whole bunch because if I give him a
whole bunch that's what happens he like
presses on and then just plays with the
food but if I give you a few you'll eat
them all huh I'm on the hoverboard right
now and I just saw something amazing so
I had to go check it out this is amazing
Oh careful there's watermelons right
here guys it's a Street View car
it's the Street View car right there do
you see it it's a Street View car good
laughs yeah let's get a close-up of the
Street View car that's amazing Google
Maps tree view I used Google Maps today
I use you to get to where my destination
is that's amazing
guys look at this it's beautiful I
wonder how many miles they've gone on
this car hundreds hundreds of miles well
Jared went down to do some work I came
over to Bonnie's just to sit in her
backyard and Jackson has been just
running around he's been up on the
four-wheeler what are you doing but oh
but oh bud ride in everybody's I would
been chopping you down but chop and out
that I I've been eatin ice cream I was
eating the ice cream and then I was so
and then I said I did it Wow
Jackson did it and then maybe that Wow
and then I got lucky Wow
and Jackson just been playing on the
four-wheeler he's been just running
around the boys Vincent and their share
and ice cream and Calvin is just resting
today still has been pretty good he
hasn't been crying as much when he feeds
we're still working on a bit I can tell
a huge difference with the medicine so
he's doing much better I was sitting in
a meeting and then a little Facebook
notification comes up and says Jarvey is
in your area I said what the heck jarv
is stalking me again first he was at my
door now he is close by and so I'm like
what in the world
and then we started messing each other
and we're like where are you are you
here are we next to each other I got the
same message you got the same message
and so we're like let's go to Jamba
Juice we're here we're at Jamba Juice
right here you are going to have a Jamba
Juice and we're gonna discuss a few
business items yeah since this is your
meetings day this is my meetings like
let's do another I came down for two
meetings and now I have like four
meetings so it's fun that's good cool
look my my camera broke Oh
Cody sharing with you I was just living
oh that's pretty nice of you I know oh
he's not very good eating thank you for
being nice to him okay I am done with
all four meetings that I had today I
came here with the intentions of going
to two but ended up having for twice as
many meetings as I initially had but
they were fun meetings I'm glad that I
came now to drive home back to my wife
and kids it's been a good day
oh you're home you're really really home
you've been gone all day I'm happy to
have you home damn so happy to be home
the nights are the hardest with him he
wants he just gets his summit his tummy
is just so upset at night it would be
worse
we're being buddies right now yeah chill
maxin relaxin all cool shoot some b-ball
outside of the school that's what we're
doing oh I forgot to mention be sure to
check out my channel because I have two
videos and I want you guys to see it's
Ellie and I doing the speech jammer
challenge and then Jackson doing the
speech jammer challenge and there oh
look
you guys need to go change you just
watch one wash Jackson's it is so cute
I'll have a link to him down below thank
you guys bye
hi hi hi hi dad the working buddy yeah
we get some pretty big smiles before we
started filming hi hi make you smile
