you want to say goodbye and say good
luck at the doctor's say good luck okay
that was his good luck
you
okay give it back oh good luck at the
doctor's okay give him his binky back
good morning guys we are at the doctor's
office bright and early
good news Calvin is 10 pounds you are 10
pounds that's really good but last night
we I went and had Jared go get a bottle
because I was like he is not eating I
have got to feed him so I went got a
bottle and then I decided to take a nice
warm bath with Calvin and then Calvin
ate so I never had to give them a bottle
so hopefully today we'll get some things
resolved and it will be smooth sailing
from here hopefully but you're kind of
sad today cuz you're really you're just
you don't feel well and he's hungry so
we're gonna get this all fixed well do I
look like I've been working because I
have if you notice if you look around I
don't know if you can tell a difference
probably not you will over here I just
spent the last 30 minutes picking up all
Jackson's toys and just like there's
been like tons of stuff out on the
cement and there's been tons of weeds
and then this was dead there was tons of
bugs accumulating because of it and
anyway I just took that out hopefully
that was okay um but anyway I just took
that out and I've just kind of been
picking up and like getting weeds ready
to throw away in the garbage I think
that when we buy a house you guys might
be a little shocked on how much yard
work that we actually are going to be
doing because Jared and I want a decent
yard we want a dog we want a big yard
one nice yard garden we want flowers and
so that's a lot of the stuff that we're
going to do when we get a house is work
and I'm really excited it kind of felt
good to be outside in the Sun and just
kind of pull some weeds there was a
bunch of thistles still that kept
growing so I took those out as you tell
them we wanted
yeah I told them we want a dog real bad
just so you guys know we do on a dog but
I mean we'll just see one of my house I
don't know we are gone a lot and I would
hate to have to leave our dog with you
know family or friends or whatever so
we'll have to see it when the time comes
on when we get a dog but like a real
like a real good dog good dog yeah we'll
get it we'll get a real good dog though
that's the kind of dog will get us a
real good dog but anyway we've just been
doing a little bit of work out here it's
felt kind of good and Calvin um at the
doctor's appointment the doctor did say
that Calvin had reflux and he gave me
some medicine to give to him and so I
give him medicine once a day and
hopefully that that will help
I feel really ease I feel a lot better I
just present have a cold start with how
much I've been stressing and how much
lack of sleep I've got the last little
bit but it feels good just to get some
work done and just sweat a little can
you see my sweat I know you can't see
any hair because I waxed um is that
funny what's going on bud
so funny peeking in and seeing crazy
eyes and nary your brother he could be
hey guys hi if you look closely you'll
see a wild Jenica in the Sam's Club
you'll see a wild Jenica out oh no
the prey is attacking the prey is
attacking
watch our Jenica the prey is attacking
you know I have a big fear of Ellie I
think you probably already know this but
you guys don't I have a big fear of
talking to someone and having bad breath
I always worry about my breath and it's
never happened no one's ever been like
olgerd hey you stink you need to get a
tic tac
get some gum ASAP but I always like I
worry about that you ever worry about
that
nah not as much yeah for some reason I
don't know why I just thought of that
maybe because I was about to pull out
the camera and we just had food I'm like
Oh is there anything in my teeth Oh
how's my breath oh you guys can't smell
my breath can you now here's what's
gonna happen now every time I meet
someone they're gonna be like Oh Jared
your breath smells please don't do that
because I will have a panic attack so to
fix that and not have that issue I got
some gum here gum gum gum and Ellie ones
mints she likes mints she doesn't chew
gum anymore so let's figure out where
the mints are Marco oh there you are I
always find you so fast I find you way
too fast we can't play Marco Polo very
long Ellie Jackson polo Jackson that's
jackson's call Jackson you get some food
on your face not in your teeth that's so
silly
one of the hardest goals for me to keep
or stay strong with is not drinking dr.
pepper now since my birthday I haven't
had any dr. pepper at all and in fact
any soda pop I haven't had any soda pop
since my birthday and it's been really
hard for me to not want to drink any I I
don't drink any but I always want to and
so one thing that I've done to help
myself with it is the nice thing about
soda pop is that it's just so easy to
grab from the fridge and you just go
down the fridge it's nice and cold and
you just go and grab it so instead of
that I've been finding like other drinks
like v8 Splash
some Powerade and even just bottled
water and just putting that in the
refrigerator so it's like really easy
for me to go and just grab and that's
helped me a little bit but I don't know
if you guys have ever done this before
but if you have any suggestions to make
it easier on me leave a comment down
below and let me know what you guys do
to stay strong with your goals
especially drinking especially not
drinking soda pop so the doctor
prescribed Lance lens soap result
something like that for Calvin and I
gave it to him this morning and though
we're still working progress he at least
will eat like he even smiled at me in
between eating I'm like okay he's
seriously already and I'm not happy he
is
he was cooing 220k oh my gosh you
Jackson whoo give him a kiss good boy
Calvin I hope you get used to that cuz
you're gonna get a lot more kisses
slobbery kisses from Jackson you look at
that smile
oh what a good boy he's happier you can
tell like I feel better like that's so
good that's so good
and it's like it's yeah I was talking to
my brother he's like as soon as you get
that stuff they'll be quick it'll be
quick like I said it's not like oh it's
he's completely completely healed no not
at all I just said it and he didn't
provide it yeah when I said and even in
the past bite week
like a young lash there was no gay right
so upset it's baby steps you know still
he'll cry if I pick them up like I have
to really support him
thank you good tummy hurt you just need
the support don't you yeah but you just
knew this hike yeah when my case when
Ricky Oh a boy and his mom he went he
went huh well Ellie what's on the agenda
for the rest of the night tell me your
secrets um I want to go to sleep close
my eyeballs but um I'll probably watch a
little bit of that you know probably
watch a little bit of The Bachelor I
said Ellie you know what you should do
tonight is you should go you know
I rub your feet you go to bed early you
have a good night's rest and she's like
you know that's a really great idea but
I'm gonna watch The Bachelor instead you
sneaky mom what are you doing buddy
right yeah my belly where's your belly
button he has to move stuff good job uh
that is your belly button
yeah well guys thanks for watching the
vlog today we hope you have a wonderful
awesome day look he's still looking for
it where's your belly button where's
your belly button does he have my belly
button
I think is my belly button used to be an
Audi you can enough what a cute kid
what is that I know yes the pullback is
stomach growls this baby fat whatever
thanks for watching guys have a
wonderful day and we'll see you tomorrow
oh I forgot did you guys do the thing to
make your week better that's what I want
to know we didn't do both of all of oh
god what is he doing he's grabbing you
guys say bye
oh say bye he's wonder like kiss you huh
Jackson okay go vlog oh it's my go stand
in the corner you guys are in the corner
by the way she's a bike well are you
guys alive are you still alive what I
was trying to say was did you guys do
the thing that you guys said you were to
make her week better we did a few of
them we didn't do all of them we didn't
take Jackson in the splash pad but I
think tomorrow you're gonna do something
fun huh say your belly button yeah okay
thanks for watching guys we'll see you
tomorrow
Billy Billy Billy Billy Billy Billy
Billy Billy Billy
by travelpod member
