my rock leaven tree is still a little
boy is 18 month old today and he is a
little wiggle worm at that as you can
see he gets into everything but he's
actually learning to put that stuff back
into the bag so we it might be a good
thing because you can kind of clean up
after yourselves hey can you put all
that stuff back in there can you put it
back in
ah yeah good job you put it back yeah
that's a good boy
when I was younger and I would see moms
holding babies like this like in the
front I hated it I hated that I used to
think why would you hold a baby like
that that looks so uncomfortable for the
baby but I have been holding Calvin like
this for like the past ten minutes and
he has been ripping them and it probably
feels so good to his tummy I think I
have finally found the solution to what
is going on with Calvin and it makes me
feel really bad I've been waiting for
this specialist on Monday I was going to
go back to the specialist on Monday but
I think I need to do is go to the doctor
and not a specialist because he watches
fine and when he does eat well he eats
really well but he just from what a lot
of you guys on Twitter saying is maybe
he has reflux is it reflux reflux reflux
but what you guys are saying on Twitter
is some of you are like maybe he has
reflux and I never looked into it
because he doesn't spit up ever and but
I looked into it and I think he has
silent reflux where he doesn't spit up
but he has everything else that comes
with it and then if he does but he
swallows it so anyway I think that
that's the issue we've been relieving a
lot of gas from him today
so hopefully things will be smooth
sailing from here we're gonna go to the
doctor bright and early in the am and
maybe they can prescribe something for
him for gasps oh my gosh yeah look what
you just did
you're gonna go TP someone's when we
forget to close the door
what oh all of it
here Eddie Jackson oh my god they seem
good for dad this is his first time in
nursery that's City Hall's with all the
kids yeah we can keep kids uh-oh he
dropped his little picture he's so cute
I was actually sitting he's doing good
look you guys he's on the loose you
gotta this is what we stand in the
window okay see you later bye Jackson
have fun yeah me me you just ain't so
good he likes it huh a big choice break
for five minutes
ooh his eyes get so big I've been doing
effect five minutes Oh
he can that's cute
you know what's weird is Jackson only
started walking a few months ago
Jared like that was him crawling really
not all that long ago what did he start
to learn how to walk it 1516 months ago
is 18 months oh really
he hasn't been walking all that much
crazy how fast it goes and how much you
forget yeah good job say hi oh no Pink's
oh I've got Jackson's in my pocket only
for bedtime and naptime
okay Jade you got your hands full he's
good to out of control which one you
want me to take hey guys that was really
fun Hey look let's let's pass our cars
look Jackson Shh
uh it was really fun at church today to
see Jackson go into nursery yes what is
that crazy he did so good I knew he
would Jackson is such a social kid he
didn't even look back I'm like one us he
just went on in you went in and like I
saw his the person sitting next to him
in his class and he started patting him
on the head
Flitz around and just smiled and sat
there and I was like okay and then when
we went and picked him up any sauce you
got like this Jackson what did you do
you went and ran in the circle he was so
excited ah was swing from the chandelier
from sadly
I wanna swing from so balancing
balancing scooter so funny
yes he likes it do you like it baby um
thank you guys for the suggestion on
number one or number two for the picture
brains we totally are going to do number
one and we're going to get the pictures
printed probably Maura yeah so that
should be a somewhat decent all over
there it's gonna be a really great week
I'm so excited because my family is
coming into town
well some of them all I'm just yet we're
gearing towards the end of the road a
big family reunion next week not this
week but next time some of my family
members are coming and I'm really
excited because we're gonna hang out I'm
excited because my dad's coming we're
gonna play guitar that's what we're
gonna try and do is we're gonna play
lots of guitar I'm really excited cuz I
want to play guitar and sing with my
brothers and my dad that's why I want to
do is sing with my brothers Monday I'll
be stubborn I'm gonna get you I'm gonna
get you I'm gonna get you I'm gonna get
you oh I'm getting come on gimme gimme
I'm gonna get you I'm gonna get you I'm
gonna get you anyway so guys for you
it's Monday and that means it's the very
beginning of your week so my question to
you guys is what are you gonna do to
make this week better than last week
that's a good question for the comments
below what do you guys think what are
you gonna do to make it better than last
week huh can I tell them what I'm gonna
do
yes I you take Jackson to the doctor and
you guys sit or Calvin to the doctor
same thing but dear friend Sam say one
of you guys sorry I'm not falling for a
good smack one of you guys recommended
this for him for his tummy because it
totally I
this is tummy now that I've looked a lot
of stuff up and so I'm gonna take him
and just maybe see if they'll prescribe
him some what is it soap something that
a lot of you guys would give me
recommendations anyway I'm gonna grass
my doctor so I think that's gonna help
us this week do you normally do you know
what I'm gonna do what what men men men
what I'm going to I'm gonna go to bed
earlier and wake up earlier so I can go
to the gym at a better time that's what
I'm gonna try and tell it's a good idea
and what are we gonna do Jackson to make
our week better with him I think we'll
go like to the splash pad oh no I'm a
fun anything that'll be fun
all right fun thank you guys so much for
watching say bye Jackson
thank you so much for watching have a
wonderful week on that can you give a
thumbs up Jackson gave a thumbs up
touch this thumbs up see thank you guys
for watching you do links below to get
the t-shirts bye
I wanna swing from the chandelier from
the chandelier what you're crazy it's a
good thing dad turned that off
he totally pushed it towards the chair
and stood on it it's like 20 pounds look
at him
he's marijuana
