you must be getting so bad at Downton
anything's knows no good challenge
where's his mouth check now where's now
mouth hey no no
boom that's you look you take him and
raise can you do this
he's like a first binky's I just took
him fine fine you can have it while you
play look can you place that can't do
that
oh you want my rubber band there you go
well you want on your wrist mm-hmm it's
a pretty cool going you don't need those
I was sitting here kind of in Jackson's
room a lot of times I'll just shut the
door and I'll kind of either make him
sit and player I'll kind of sit with him
and play and he is 18 months Jackson
turned 18 months just a few days ago
forgot to say something about it but he
has grown up so much and he's also kind
of hard to cuddle with and like be with
like if I like pick him up and put him
on my lap he wants to bring him down and
go play and so this is kind of fun for
me nasty he's also getting his final
molars in nasty but Jackson it's kind of
fun to shut the door and me and him play
together because if we're all downstairs
he's either in the kitchen wanting to go
outside wanting to saw dad's lap and
anyway I don't know it's just fun to sit
here and play with him
I got you good didn't I you're fun to
play with cuz you're easy to make laughs
peekaboo hey hey show me your teeth say
cheese hey
Jackson come find me
Jackson come get me you got me okay I'll
come get you now get me come get me
Johnny John George not time you're
dreaming of eating is that what you're
dreaming about Kelvin I am very
disappointed the lactation specialist
said she couldn't see me today so I'm
gonna have to wait until Monday this
little guy he I know he's hungry
and I feel like he can handle my milk
flow I really feel like he can
especially with what we've been doing
the past few days but then he acts like
he is an excruciating pain like an IE
now I'm thinking okay well maybe he has
gas maybe a stomach hurts I rubbed it
this morning got a lot of gas out and
tried to feed him again and he just and
he doesn't seem comfortable and I think
maybe it's the way I'm holding him I'm
trying I watched so many videos I've
read so many things like that was like
not with Jackson I'm on my phone looking
at trying to figure out positioning and
how this is so frustrating this is so
frustrating I know he's a good baby I
know he's happy like I know he is happy
and I know that he he could be really
content if we could just figure out this
feeding and it's just like I feel like
this is our life this is our daily life
the past like week or two I don't know
we're getting there
it's just seriously like you have to
like try one thing for several times if
it doesn't work take it out try another
thing and it's just I'm tired and I
think he's tired but I think he's still
I think he's hungry though like I don't
know sometimes I think oh maybe he's
just falling he doesn't need to eat but
then he actually hungry so much of
course he's hungry so I don't know I'll
try and get by till Monday though are
you so cute to me cuz I love you and I
want you to know how beautiful you are
Jared just came in it was like Ellie
said all these wonderful things to me
want me to tell you again sure I just
said your lipstick is is so perfect it's
on point it's so good I just wanna look
it off
oh wow your eyes they're so beautiful
and your makeup looks so good your hair
looks wonderful your outfit looks great
and I just think you're so beautiful
thank you I love you so I just made the
vlog live and what I did is I went onto
snapchat and I said hey go watch the
video and be sure to tell me that you
came from snapchat in the comments and I
didn't realize like how many of you guys
came from snapchat it's amazing to go
through these comments and see I came
from snapshot it came from snapchat
thank you guys so much for the support I
really appreciate it if you guys are on
snapchat if you guys are on snapchat and
you're not following me I'll have a link
to it down below well I don't know if
you can link anyway my snapchat name is
just Jared Miko
I'll have it listed down below you know
what I think I can actually put a
picture right here or you can point your
camera and you can follow me I think
that's how it works anyway if it works
that's great if it doesn't high-five
I've gotta show you this come on follow
me
holy crap literally look at all those
tiny prayers we are on Main Street there
are tons of people shops tons of
homemade crafts going on so we decided
to take a little stroll look how
precious this face is look how precious
Kelvin you see my so good how precious
this faces faces look how precious that
face is cities anyway yeah we are on
Main Street
there's also girly things I go out to
like little dresses oh my goodness if I
had a girl that little jacket here's the
man sets of ties and how cool is that
yeah there's lots of fun things so we're
gonna go ahead and just kind of take the
day in shop me alright we're gonna stop
and take a picture ready guys say cheese
get off your phone
Emma come on I'm now this is where we
want to be Ellie this is where all the
food is I don't want to see the jewelery
I want to get the food the food trucks
is where it's at
okay tell me what kind of gelatos them
oh we get hold it for selfies on Sunday
okay now you're good what kind of gelato
do you have bikers blood strawberry
lemonade and orange creamsicle
why girls one of us do a small cup of
ligers blood do you want some ligers
blood Jackson what's more yep
he wants more like Robin what about you
some Irish blood we have lived here for
eight months and Jared and I have yet to
come to the Bluebird to go get a
chocolate the day of my mom's wedding
she came in here and all her aunts and
uncles or cousins were in the Bluebird
well waiting for her to get married all
my grandma would go here yeah this this
is a very fun where is it is it is they
have to here I'll show you it will go
anywhere to get a chocolate and they
help an old fashioned so dies I mean
look at the workers it's just so fun but
this is they have like the old-fashioned
barstools it's just such a cute way
do this then that's cool and this is
where I'm gonna get myself a little
chocolate oh look how yummy this is this
is my heaven candy and that's where you
got your sweet tooth Jackson you're
loving this water aren't you look at him
he's just up and down clap Jackson clap
flat for him can you clap he's like what
in the world is going on clap Jackson
clap
who needs a waterpark when you have when
you have Logan's fresh water going
through the tip the curbs happy are they
baby charts Gibbons Jackson great
Jackson are you stealing her grapes are
you stealing her Drake yeah it's so good
thank you so much for sharing your
grapes guys Jarrod's congratulating Shay
for finishing the race and Jackson just
grabbed drivers you bail where's your
bail Jackson he has his little bell news
ring in it look Jackson can you ring
that Bell any strings down well that was
certainly an enjoyable day spending the
day outside with the community and with
my family was a very fun it was a lot of
fun thank you guys so much for watching
the video today be sure if you guys
haven't already to check out the
teespring campaign I'll have a link down
below Oh what I don't use my dishwasher
we still haven't used the dishwasher
just yeah she's silly like that bye
totally giveth anyway thanks for
watching the vlog today guys be sure to
give it a big thumbs up and we'll see
you guys next time bye
Oh check out my sweet new t-shirt from
Charles Trippy yeah say bye
