give him on the kids Oh No give mama
gift
come on okay Cody ritual okay
all right should we go sometimes when
Jared goes into town he sprays clone on
him and then he goes Jackson do you need
some Cologne on you
awesome Cologne thank you good job and
Jackson's wearing a little bandana today
cuz he is a druid really teething mess
see I smell good I smell good with the
pocket knife would you look how many
pocket knives we have right here Lee I
know we have four pocket knives right
there okay I'm going to drop a letter
off okay go into the bank and then
should we go to a web form should we get
our with us go to it yeah you want me to
go with him you need you got a little
worm should get a Wiggles I'm gonna
wiggler should be yeah yeah I could go
cousin Kate Amman to Emily oh he's
cousin Kate here I want to play with
Kate okay go run your hands
we are here at the wiggle worm with
Jackson and his cousin Kate and the
moment we got in Jackson runs to go play
he knows exactly where he's at and Kate
has found her house do you like it here
you do is this your favorite
you have the whole place to go Playgirl
and I am NOT gonna lie I so badly wanted
to stay in bed all day
Calvin we had taken two steps forward
one step back that someone on Twitter
said well at least you're still a step
forward which by the way that made me
laugh so hard
I seriously laughed and thank you that
made me feel better but Calvin had a
really rough morning
we've been still figuring it out but it
would be funny out in the house let
Jackson go play but this is worth it
this here baby Phil I've got I've got
two five-dollar bills one for you and
one for Emily so Emily why don't you
come take a seat
come take a seat come take a seat and
you guys are gonna have some fun here
okay let's do that
whoo there goes Josh oh there it goes
okay 15 minutes of relaxation that means
I get to play for 15 minutes with the
kids okay I'm going oh that's amazing
almost
whoa go so fast my gang keep up with it
catch it catch it catch it
good job you got it Joyce you on it let
me get you on okay okay you sit use this
there mommy I'll see it whoa let go it's
good mommy touch bigger than you whoa
whoa whoa that tight huh you want to be
 you want to see yeah yeah yeah
thank you
Andy's climbin oh my gosh is almost got
it good job
Oh not quite
that's the paint area they have a baby
gate cuz there's water in there so kids
don't go in I think I sent hi oh he's
gonna go down that slide let's go see
the Bob John go down okay see on your
bum good job whoo good job hey I swear
the adults over there to go by crazy Oh
Kate is in the painting room
why are you paying you want to pay this
one come on over
can you pick that up and paint can you
reach it this one's shorter sweetheart
wants to do this one you want a new
paper so they have chalk in here what
I've been doing the whole day can you uh
can you guys guess what I'm gonna draw I
guess and J whoo that's good yeah so how
was it it was really good
tell me more yeah thank you for spending
the 5 bucks for me we did it work it
felt so good
can I want I get it this is bad because
it's so cheap to get in here I'm telling
you become a low-tech Jackson and that's
it well I was just gonna say this is
good news for them because you're gonna
keep them in business now it's good for
a while meds and kids oh yeah can rest
and massage the kids my own so can daddy
daddy for Plato cuz that likes to have
fun he's even moving his feet
look he's UN's be OS come on Fred
Flintstone let's go
come on Jackson get your feet to work
you got to push your dad qts good thing
you're wearing a fake imaginary seatbelt
Wow are you ready Jackson is going up
and down the slide it is so cute - what
whoo and then he turns around and he
crawls right back up it except the time
that I film you want me to put you on
join me to go shopping with you Kate
Lancaster shop Hey okay you're the mommy
and I'm the child no mom I want waffles
can we get waffles of course this she
said can we get cherries do we have
enough do we have enough money for fruit
snacks okay we got enough money cuz
daddy works hard Oh mom I want baked
beans
I think you are in juice and milk okay
well you're the mom so we can have them
okay perfect
stuffer what for winter you stocking up
I didn't know change in your daddy would
make you so happy
I just got like oh oh is it good to see
my hello that's a big smile oh boy I was
just changing his diaper and he smiled
so big hi oh hi buddy oh my gosh you're
so adorable
hi Oh give me a smile give me a smile
good boy
oh my gosh how precious is he okay both
boys are in bed and taking a nap my
video it edited for the day so all we
have to do is upload it yeah ah do you
care if I take a little snooze er you do
whatever you need I'm teaching Calvin
the finer points of Super Smash bro okay
haha jared has none of the old bosses
that are coming over and they're gonna
talk a little bit of business or
something I don't know so I'm gonna go
take a little snooze err before both
boys wake up okay he's smiling
Lovins awake you guys are all awake from
your naps now oh yeah how fun is this
are those his toes should we all take a
nap again oh let's all lay down ah
cuteness overload he's like yeah oh look
he's like he's not even touching him
he's being so sad they give you a kiss
Jackson oh whoa
cute look I get a kiss Clavin
and I bet he's gonna smile you think
he's gonna smile cuz he
you
I smell something fishy in Jackson's
room I'm going to look and I won't show
you what he's doing I have to show you
cause it's so cute oh you stopped he's
kind of doing it here let's do it again
let's try it again put your blanket
right here your head down put your head
down who's sandy I said a man had his
head down on it
he's like I'm I'm kind of tired so I'm
gonna rest my head right here hey your
bum stinks we need to change his bum yes
and I think that's a perfect time to end
the vlog Jackson were to go ahead and
say can i daddy's with a friend right
now but guys thank you so much for
watching and thank you so much for
helping me on Twitter and the comments
and I don't like in complaining but I
kind of complaining not complaining but
letting you know how I'm doing and today
has been a rough like yesterday was good
I felt like for the most part
today's been rough I think you've been
really well composed and been doing
really good
and you been handling only why I and
swear in the middle of the night then I
answer hard the nights are hard um okay
guys thank you so much for watching
hopefully the specialist that I really
like has not gotten back to me I'm kind
of mad about it sewing your collar again
tomorrow anyway peace out in the Middle
East are you kid Kim here we got changer
bum donkey Jones I've been chatting
online with babes all day so okay guys
good night George
by travelpod done being a very emotional
trying to feed Calvin Jackson won't go
to bed go slow go slow and I'm giving
him sip go slow and then giving him some
milk and I'm just thinking how easy look
he's feeding himself and how fast they
grew up
Calvin alone I will learn by him so
tired right now like I'm just good job
I feel bad because I being like this
with Jackson and I feel like I really
truly didn't know what was going on with
Jackson now I do it's that kind of makes
me feel bad for when Jackson was a baby
but I'm just really hopeless you're out
it's just so hard to feed Calvin right
now maybe now you'll go to sleep huh
okay well good night
from us you want more ah say more than
hey say more please okay good night guys
