hi Calvin hi look how big he is
look these are so good-looking on you
just a week ago they like barely fit and
now they're almost too small tell the
world hello say hello
oh no you like kisses maybe you don't
that's an otter face to show you like
kisses huh
good morning oh you want to go back to
bed
well guess what guess what mama does too
you're happier today huh
well guess what mom is happier today
this morning I feel like I am very
grateful for my spouse I'm very grateful
for Jared I'm very good for my husband
it's just I I think the eyes
specifically we do our everyday life and
we do our everyday routine and I'm
kissing on the kids I'm taking care of
him you know Jared is as well but I'm
doing the things that I'm supposed to be
doing and sometimes I forget that Jared
is literally my equal spouse and I am
very grateful for him he has been so
good to me the past few days and he's
been so good to help me out around the
house and help me a Jackson when he has
other things that he needs to be doing
but he definitely has been helping me
I'm really grateful that I have somebody
to lean on and that he's able to like
hold me up and I am really really
grateful for him fine okay Ellie keep it
under fifty tuts Ellie came downstairs
and she's like we're got the keys I need
to go and I was like oh I have a funny
idea what's the vlog does she's like I
don't want to do script and stuff I was
like it's okay I'll just be a second so
I turn on the camera cuz I keep it under
50 does is that funny oh yeah you go to
town girl oh no keep it under 50 is when
I said those are the rules
hey I like your shirt a lot is it comfy
it really is okay so the goal of the day
is keep the kids alive as long as I can
while mom was gone that's the game today
yeah bye both of the boys are asleep and
I really wanted to get out of the house
because I have been really wanting to
put our pictures on our walls I've been
needing to do that I've been meaning to
do that for a long time now
and I'm here at the store please no one
laughs at me I like simple I like clean
I like no clutter and so that's why
sometimes I don't put things on my walls
is because I'd rather just be clean and
so bonnie is so much better at this
she's so much better at knowing how to
eye things but this is what I've got
don't laugh at me this is what I have
and I think honestly I don't need the
gray frames I just want it a nice clean
look so probably what we'll do is just I
don't even know good grief
I don't know
if they had one more picture frame I
would do three on top three on the
bottom that's what I'd do
I don't know I know since the pictures a
Jared figure it out but I want some
picture frames for high wall anything
I'll do right anything will look better
than what it is right dance
good okay things are coming along here
this is what Jared came up with so that
is going hold on Ellie's quiet sorry oh
my goodness precise in our showmanship
here we don't want to be you know we
don't want to give them any false
impressions of what we're trying to
achieve here okay so we are gonna put
that that's option hop on the wall or
option two was just put three of those
two just do three up on the wall we've
been coming down below which one you
like better
option one one okay option once those
these three panels
I like that an option to Sears I like
that because it's clean it's very crisp
and clean it's very minimal yeah this is
this is a little bit more fun a little
more pictures you know I think we should
probably do number one and I just think
I think that it's looking really good at
colorful in here I just you know well
actually have a place that looks like
home you know we've got pillows now and
we'll put pictures up on the wall no
with what well I'm trying to download
the public beta one for the iOS
operating system and it keeps failing
every time I try and download it ah so
we have a picture of Grandma grandson
Jackson here we'll get a picture of my
mom and dad in Calvin here and then I
think when Jared's family comes we're
having a family reunion soon so close so
we're gonna put their family picture
here and then we just got a family
picture here so all of our pictures will
be updated I want to take the picture
that Jarvie took of me when I was
logging in Jared and with Jackson on his
back somewhere on here obviously one of
our family pictures will be in here and
then I think like a fun like maybe
Instagram picture of all of us will go
in there you know we have just instead
of pictures why don't we just have like
a video that rolls
you know like on Harry Potter yeah with
our life
would be ideal where did Jackson oh hey
you guys it's just right behind you
so I think job we've been living here
how long how long six months six months
since November how long's that December
Jenny eight months no no nine months
nine months I can math I'm pretty sure
that Jackson was the zucchini bread that
I made the other day literally we've
been eating it for breakfast isn't so
yeah maybe put it in the microwave and
heat it up it's still yummy cuz there's
chocolate chips in it and you mister
snatched the whole bag whoa whoa okay
that's the last of the zucchini bread I
think I should make some more it was a
hit we ate like two love some just a few
days everyone just know I'm gullible is
written in the description below so we
were just blogging about how we want to
put one of the pictures that Jarvie took
of us in here yeah and immediately after
that he messaged me on Facebook I was
like wow that's crazy like speak of the
devil we were just talking about you and
he said yes I think there was a
disturbance in the force and I was like
either that or you're listening into our
conversations and he said hahaha open
your front door and I'm like oh my gosh
he's our front door and I got all
excited I went to open the front door he
literally opened the door Jarvey I did
and he said I'm the one with the cup to
the door listening like oh my gosh like
I'm so gullible
what the heck guys you can probably play
any trick on me and I would fall for it
just so you know word of advice for you
guys if you meet us at like vlogger fair
VidCon or CVX live Jackson blow your
nose
you have gotten into the diaper bag mr.
come on let's put everything away clean
not look can you put it back in here
from the diaper bag go clean that hey
Jackson hey do you like pulling those
wipes out yeah hey do you want to do
something even more fun and amazing and
incredible with that test I can
unbelievable and awesome do you want to
go see Boston and Cody yeah Steve Austin
and Cody I love those like okay let's go
Oh
Jackson uh Jackson makes my heart smile
you know honestly like he is such a good
kid you know yeah we have the camera but
like when we turn the camera off I
really like Kay we don't do that he's
been like really good to listen
oh he's such a good listener aren't you
Jackson are you a good listener yeah
that's his favorite word yeah and I'll
oh yeah oh I much rather and say that
than the alternative Jackson are you a
good boy yeah do you love your daddy
oh so Jarrod comes over to Bonnie's and
Joel's not home so he can write his
formula and take his kids down the
street okay then
has he goes so slow
ah the storms are brewing run run right
the storms come in the clouds are angry
you guys good yeah you say oh okay hurry
take cover because you gotta go soon
para will come
we are clean and spotless down the
stairs
we are spotless now you are hanging out
and Jackson is hungry gets what so am i
hungry
do you ready to eat some dinner sounds
pretty delicious okay Jackson tell us
what kind of salad we're having today
finish and kill with your name Jackson
well you can't talk say blueberries
blueberries raspberries oh yeah trying
it out in there mix Tyler Jackson take a
bite yeah says I cook the food I don't
know oh look
take a right Michael good job we gots a
prayer first
thank you for chairs good job they say
these things new just tries to amen amen
amen
yeah I think it's first time I'm in
salmon yeah don't eat it no no no no no
it's good it's good it's good yeah that
like yeah he's like get this taste off
on now well this is what we're having
for dinner
oh my Hannah Montana
turn that camera around what in the
world
Jackson's eating fish oh did you see
that did you ignore her statement did
you ignore my text um I want body
village body that should shock you think
you're eating yes yeah oh yeah you don't
really look fit I'm I'm more surprised
at Jackson TV oh he will he just spit it
out this looks amazing
hey is Joey here I think you'll like
this salad you should take a bite of it
yeah I think I like it
um are you here for a special something
something I'm I told Bonnie I was like
I'm in like Michael you couldn't use it
you kidding me I know it's a good
vinaigrette huh did you make it uh-huh
I'd make the Vanara a part of it okay
gotta go I gotta eat my fish okay John
another bite this is like your eighth
fight what oh now you're being shy he
spits it out good job
that's my boy you my boy blue he likes
with it I told my said this is what's
for dinner and he's not your kind of
wine but I said I'll get you something
after I eat and then he decided to be
one and fish
good job I hope everyone knows what a
big deal this it is a big deal good job
yay can you clap yeah good boy clap your
face mom space hurry clap mom's face no
you're too good
you're too good to your mama huh thank
you guys so much for watching today we
will see you tomorrow and who's gonna
clean up the milk wasn't me
