good morning this is extra early that we
start the vlog today it is 2 a.m. and I
just got done feeding Calvin and thank
you thank you
he ate on both sides and he is so full
and so happy I think we are finally
figuring out what is working I have been
feeding him having him sitting up a lot
more the past few days and yesterday and
the day before were not very good at all
but I think he's getting the hang of it
and that was a really really good
feeding so hopefully the next feeding
will go as well but I figured if it's a
lighting will let me I go to show you
Calvin
and maybe even Jackson
I have no idea how Jackson gets kelvins
blank in his crib it's like I don't
think Jared gives it to him and he can't
climb out of his crib without think he
can that's weird five does Jared if he
gives in this blanket but um I'm
grateful that Calvin did not scream I
cry this morning feeding and I also I'm
grateful that when he does cry it never
wakes Jackson up Jackson's been really
good to see through the night so there's
2 a.m. for you see in the morning same
morning little brother you give them a
good little back rub this is binky in
there no tree here that's so nice of you
we didn't even ask you to give him a
kiss
Calvin there we go look at him like hold
his head up gotta keep it going harder
gotta push it up push it up that was a
sweet little moment oh my gosh you
cuddling him Jackson is so sweet of you
she put him on his back that was so cute
of you what that was so cute you to
cuddle him
Lanta huh that was a much much better
night much much better night we've
danced can you dance in our house we've
been using daylight lights instead of
like soft white or warm white because I
think it really helps with filming and
vlogging and everything so we've been
trying to keep our lightbulbs that way
we still have some that are soft white
so I'm at the store right now trying to
find some daylight light bulbs and they
have those really scary womp
twistlock bulb that I'm trying to find
and I can't find it anywhere in daylight
so we might have to try a couple
different stores but we're at Lowe's
right now looking at light bulbs and
Jackson what do you think
are you incandescent are you LED no
you're all about LED the brightest one
yeah only there's a difference between
bright and color because you've got your
soft white you've got your warm white
you've got your daylight and you've got
some other one but then you have your
prime this factor thing you've got to
take into consideration here Ellie's see
Jackson knows all about it
hey you I need your help come here oh
come here don't you I find that I'm
gonna get you I'm gonna get you I'm
gonna get you
okay I need your help installing these
light bulbs Jackson you got to get on my
shoulders and help me out
I'm just not tall enough yeah well I
know you know that you have my genes
yeah don't act so surprised you know I'm
not very tall I need your help though if
you get on my shoulders we can do this
together we can pull the light bulbs in
okay bud let's do it oh wait do you hear
that I think a train's coming
look Jackson the Train you see the Train
buddy you see the train okay Jackson do
you see that light right there do you
see that light I want you to put this I
want you to unscrew it and put it up
there can you do that can you reach
reach Jackson right here let's try this
okay great can you get it okay unscrew
it don't screw it
good job you're getting it
today has gone a lot better with Calvin
it's crazy how just a few good feedings
making me feel think he's doing a lot
better but we definitely are still a
work in progress and Momma is still so
tired so are you I bet
how are you okay little Calvin Scott how
are you yeah you doing better you
chunking up yes you are but know what
hair feels like hey Calvin gonna know
what hair feels like you seem to like it
what about whoa whoa that's you what
about on your chin are you ready Jackson
are you ready Jackson are you ready on
your marks get set go go play go play
set go good job ready yeah are you
channeling your inner dog Jackson yeah
do you find treasure baby to go with me
haha go with Mama yeah
mom so crazy she's climbing up the slide
I was gonna get you ready set go
yeah well my goodness LA you guys are
just having so much fun you just wanted
to break your shoe look at that your
shoes talking Oh both of them
thank you $20 Target that I only bought
a few months ago hello my name is left
shoe what there's something I need to
tell you in fact no there's something we
need to tell you guys yes that's right
guys we are going to vlogger fair August
22nd and 23rd in Seattle we will be
participating in vlogger fair and guess
what guys if you guys want to get
tickets you can get a discount using the
code le Jared down below I'm gonna have
a link to a vlogger fair in the
description box down below get be sure
to get your tickets now because they're
selling out quick and we want to meet
you guys
last year is so fun honestly it's like
one of our favorite conventions because
it is so intimate so great and it's a
lot of fun I got to show you what
Jackson does when he gets like a dream
pop listen closely you ready you want to
drink
you hear that well I can tell you one
thing I don't want to drink out of that
water that's what you do well I always
say go slow when he was I needed to
drink out of a cup he it's worth it do
you want to do it okay go slow go slow
hey I love you I can't tell you
the dishes are done the kitchen is clean
the grill is put away
Jackson's asleep the night is yours and
surprise for you
I think I think I heard come with me
thank you you're welcome
I'll take Calvin you take your clothes
off good and getting that back oh wow
there yeah thank you you're welcome
yeah I love you I love you I don't have
any more words to save the day
your words are all used up very mm-hmm
good job you're welcome
okay good go at it I'm gonna go work
okay no one want to show yeah well I
think that wraps it up for us tonight
guys thank you so much for watching and
especially thank you guys for all the
support that you've given us the past
couple days it really doesn't mean a lot
to us to see those comments every single
day thank you guys from the bottom of
our hearts again be sure to check out
vlogger fair I'm gonna have a link down
below and you can get a special discount
if you use our discount code le Jared
and we want to meet you guys so be sure
to let us know if you guys are gonna go
and if you're gonna get tickets also
thank you guys again for relaunching the
teespring campaign it's blows my mind
that it relaunched again follow the link
to that down below as well the t-shirts
are comfy I love them they're so great
and I know you guys are gonna love them
too thanks for watching today have a
wonderful evening and we'll see you guys
tomorrow bye
