Calvin in the bathtub Ellie was washing
him and he got the washcloth and like
sucked his nose to it and like he's
having a hard time breathing there for a
second just wiping out your eyes oh
you're okay okay I'm sorry on
Oh No why did you knock George down
Jackson that wasn't nice then you threw
your blank on him cuz you felt bad you
threw him down do you on there why say
sorry too George
yeah that was it very nice good mirror
yeah we don't we don't not georgetown
hair now you'd be nice and soft to him
he watches over you at night yeah yeah
hey Jackson shoo go get breakfast yeah
okay hey mommy and daddy had a such a
rough night last night um two in the
morning and Jed was going to get my Park
who's wash my pants funny uh how about I
was crying
it's a really really rough night you
really want to get out and eat okay
Kimmy let's go let's go eat so Ellie
Calvin and I have a pretty rough night
last night so Ellie is trying to get as
much rest as she possibly can
and I'm trying to help as much as I
possibly can with that so Jackson what
do you say you you don't even know what
I'm gonna say um Jackson should we go
pick up Boston yeah should go play
should we go play yeah okay we're gonna
go pick up Boston we're gonna go to the
wiggle worm and we're gonna play a
little bit so I can get some work done
and let the kids play two birds one
stone actually three birds one stone
mommy's resting - okay let's go get
Boston let's go here Boston mmm
busted are you ready to have some fun
yeah Jackson
are you ready to have some fun yeah
we're here at the wiggle worm and this
place is so key because you just let the
kids play they have so much fun and mom
and Calvin are resting
Bonnie's taking a little break and I'm
getting some work now it's a win for
everyone it's a win for everyone yeah
say high-five
yeah ah Jackson that's a perfect tractor
for you do you want to get in okay
oh you might not be able to reach the
pedals
ready set go oh now the wall I think
this is my new favorite place to go to
because the kids are having such an
awesome time they're just playing up and
fun I can see everywhere they're going
and I'm just sitting here and here's a
plus I haven't used it yet but I might
bring Ellie and let her enjoyed this
they've just installed some massage
chairs and I think that will be a lot of
fun for Ellie but there's some come
there's a couple other kids here that
are playing with Jackson
loving it and it just goes to show like
he's such a social kid as soon as they
walked in here an up to him it was like
hi hi hi I love it it makes me so happy
but as soon as I'm wrapping up with
these emails I'm gonna go play with them
because they're having way too much fun
and I'm not I'm gonna go have some fun
with these kids and they're gonna enjoy
it
Jared's coming and we're going to play I
didn't think we need to put you in your
swimming suit while we're here inside
did you take a dive into the little pool
huh
there was a closed-off place with some
water for some older kids somehow
someway he snuck in and went swimming in
his clothes and I brought his swimming
suit because I think we might go over to
Bonnie's house to play in the pool a
little bit later but I didn't think we
needed here I didn't think we needed
here it's okay this is like my favorite
something's forever and you look really
good in it say hi mom oh you got to file
some paperwork are you gonna do your
taxes online is that what you're gonna
do send some emails here real quick
maybe update the Excel documents oh yeah
yeah you've got to get that schedule
updated Jackson we've got some important
things that we need to do and you need
to keep updated on your schedule can you
schedule me in real quick I think we
should have a lunch meeting next Tuesday
at 4 o'clock lunch meeting at 4 o'clock
let's make it 1 o'clock
hey you won't go down the slide with
dead this could ruin sight let's go down
this night this is just a little slide
but it'll still do you'll still go ready
ok ready 1 2 3
Oh my hips are stuck bunk where's that
funny
oh let's move this out of the way there
we go
oh say hi que pasa did you make sure and
get some hamburgers for dinner tonight
when we're at the grocery store we got
to get those hamburgers and buns and
everything because you know we're gonna
have an awesome meal tonight so make
sure when did you get the list I sent
you with all the groceries that we need
did yeah yeah okay good make sure you
get everything on the list because it's
very important for our meal tonight all
right we don't want to let the family
down okay and here go ahead and use my
card and you can just swipe it right
there
cool thanks see ya all right boys are
you ready to race you've got your
motorcycle you've got your trike are you
gonna race you guys ready to race
let's go on your marks get set go yeah
go Boston come on Jackson Go Go start
your engines go good job and he's off
he's coming around the corner where the
maximum speed he's going always going
off the track on the wrong way
well guys did you have a lot of fun did
you have fun yeah and Jackson's nothing
is that okay guys I have a surprise for
you
are you ready we're gonna go to lunch
guys where's your exclamation of
gladness and joy and Glee this is a lot
more fun when I tell Kody and Olivia
that we're going out to lunch I'm just
kidding we're gonna grab a bite to eat
and I think we're gonna take them over
to Bonnie and Joel's house and we're
gonna play a little bit more
Oh
hey buddy you getting a bath in the
big-boy bathtub on it's so fun Oh big
yawn we are just wrapping up and trying
to stay happy yeah how's he been today
he has been better the last few hours
been a rough morning it's been a rough
day he is get in bed well that's weird
yeah Jackson Bonnie was gracious enough
to let Jackson take a nap at her place
because I watched Boston a little bit
earlier so Jackson is still asleep
we're hanging out here getting some
things done around the house and life is
getting good life is great oh my gosh of
course when I say life is good life is
going really good Calvin in the bathtub
Ellie was washing him and he got the
washcloth and like sucked to his nose to
it and like he's having a hard time
breathing there for a second just wiping
out your eyes oh you're okay
oh I'm sorry on and that's that's the
truth like it has been rough it has been
tough and we've been working for it
we've been working hard we've been doing
the best we can but it is tough you know
it's you know like Landon said when we
are out the baby blessing it takes a
village and we're doing the best we can
once you're saying I'm not gonna give
you a bath in the big tub again poor guy
poor poor your mom I'm sorry you've had
to kind of work with him all day huh
okay well I feel bad about is I think
back at Jackson and like I feel like I
tried my best feeding and I went to a
doctor or two specialists and I feel
like that specialist was no help at all
and I should have found someone
different and now I feel like I have all
these people I've been on the phone with
today that has been really helpful but I
feel like Jackson maybe was I had that
same I don't know I thought was no
confusion
probably was to do with that but I still
feel like maybe that was Jackson's issue
because this is exactly how Jackson was
and I remember being so tired well it
just it takes a lot of energy that
you're trying to do you know whether
it's figuring out what is wrong and then
trying all of these different things to
fix it and you know you're trying over
and over and over again all of these
different things and it's it wears on
you and I feel like we know what's wrong
now but I feel like like we're just
trying to figure out how to think
solve it yeah one day at a time baby one
day one day at a time baby steps
newborns are so we're just working we're
learning Ellie was like hatred why don't
you go grab the camera and we'll end the
vlog and I was like okay but first you
have your shirt all the way on that's
how you know it's been a crazy day with
breastfeeding Elliot do you have your
shirt on
is your shirt on so give us a little
update um ah he did really good this
last feeding I just fed him and he
actually did really well that's great
we've got Jackson back here with us the
family has been you reunited say hi what
was that so funny huh um I thought
yesterday's vlog was really funny when
Jared was doing the time-lapse and
Jackson was like in and out of his crib
he was like running around everywhere
iPad and if you watch he's everywhere
and then the it's hilarious if you
haven't seen yesterday you have to or
separately Oh real quick I do have to
say I have to say yeah thank you guys
again for relaunching the teasing
campaign Ellie I didn't tell you that
but guys go check it out teespring Tom
sighs Ellie and Jared if you guys want
to get a t-shirt thank you guys it means
a little thank you guys for tweeting
pictures and telling us about the
quality because I know that's why a lot
of people are well I know that is
because you guys are talking about it
yes so I truly am so happy I love the
hoodies I love these other two they are
the bomb calm anyways guys thank you so
much for watching today have a wonderful
evening and we'll see you guys oh here
all that Calvin's naked eye sighs uh
we'll see you tomorrow actually you know
Kevin uh pricey at like 4 a.m.
should i vlog at 4 a.m. sure I think
they'd love to see that that would be
some fun footage I guess but no no I'll
pick up the camera maybe if I feel up
for it when he wakes up throughout the
night I'll give you guys an update that
would be a different vlog good bye bye
bye hey hey bye
clap your hands fold your arms
QG haha oh you're so yeah yes
