I'm sitting in here trying to get these
decals on the wall and look what our son
figured out how to do oh my gosh no way
Jackson like three times he's so proud
of himself too
good morning and I feel like it's
definitely a great morning I just
finished an awesome workout but for some
reason Jackson doesn't think I'm done
he's like that I'm gonna get on your
shoulders and you're gonna do some
squats you're gonna do some squats gotta
do some squats
gotta do some squats what do you think
about that big that dinky out got it
yourselves guys
gotta do this Scott gotta do so Scott is
that better Jackson yeah okay hey now
what Calvin got on your back and you
just watch yeah you need a workout bud
okay I saw you do the jump the other day
and your vertical has decreased over the
past couple weeks you need to get that
back up Jackson you didn't get it back
up if you're gonna be a pole vaulter
like your dad you're gonna get that back
up okay
squat two three four spot to see what
are we doing Ellie I'm getting it ready
for the day Calvin and I are maybe if
she isn't opening you to go to the
lactation specialist okay and I think we
should get the baby room yeah I think we
just need to get stuff around the house
going we have a family reunion we have
VidCon we have lots of decisions that
were making about everything and so I
think y'all let's get let's stay home
and get some things done that we need to
hear what do you think Calvin ah hi good
morning good morning you little junker I
am going to go to a lot Asian specialist
just wish as a time for me to go in
Calvin has been doing really good in
he's gaining weight in these chunker and
he has lots of poop diapers so
everything's going well and he has a
like a nighttime routine now where he
wakes up at 3:00 every morning any makes
up at 6:00 so usually I'm only up twice
a night and hopefully I can get him to
bed at a good time so my nights have
been going a lot better lately but he is
growing and sometimes I can't tell if he
just needs to sleep or if he needs to
eat but we're getting the hang of things
huh I think I'm going to go to a
lactation specialist just so she can
like just to make sure I don't know
peace of mind I guess he just has been
unlatching a lot more than he
he ever has been and he's always been
really good up until the past few days
so I've been thinking it was a growth
spurt but I'm just I'm not quite buying
this so we're gonna where to go get
checked out maybe tomorrow okay
all of your animals are gonna watch over
you while you take a snoozer Caleb I can
tell Caillou could take a snoozer and
you are taking enough in your crib
Jackson's crib is over here Jackson is
in the office taking it up in the pack
and play because Jared and I are going
to do something very fun with this wall
for the baby's room but don't peek close
your eyes you always open them when you
sleep just close all right you guys are
you guys ready to do this are you ready
to do this Ellie it's about time you see
this naked wall this wall is so naked
right now and we are about to close it
okay ready for this Ellen here taking a
camera we're going to do some YouTube
magic - magic OOP please not there okay
so these are the decals that we're going
to use ready one two three
Oh
they'd give me to bake a you say so big
he's so happy
Jackson he's getting a little drink
you're happy yeah yep Jackson's happy
you heard it straight from him huh
Jared and I are making progress making
some progress and I seriously oh my god
is it I feel so I just felt really weak
so Jared I'm just gonna sit here I've
been helping him a little bit but he's
pretty much doing the work here good
husband huh oh my gosh I'm sitting in
here trying to get these decals on the
wall and look what our son figured out
how to do oh my gosh no way Jackson like
three times he's so proud of himself too
oh geez sweat he's probably excited I
know
hopefully his it's too far down what do
you think but oh now you're trying to
get out getting out a lot harder than
getting in you got to be careful here he
goes again my gosh Jackson
are you so happy about yourself Jackson
how do you like your little toy that
been so fun to play with his little
splash table did he drinks the water out
of so I would say today has been a very
hard day especially with little Calvin
trying to eat and get situated I told
you guys the other day we've been kind
of been frustrated or least on Twitter
I've been talking about how kind of
frustrating breastfeeding has been going
the past few days and we know what the
issue is I'm pretty sure he gets too
much milk at once and I've tried a
couple different things to help that
leaning back has helped a lot but
today's just been really frustrating and
I think that he is frustrated and even
as little puppies they're not nice and
yellow they're green and I don't think
he's getting a lot of the hind milk and
I've been trying to get ahold of the
specialist and I think um I think maybe
she'll call me back tomorrow hopefully
we can get some things figured out but
I've tried a whole bunch of things and
so far nothing has really worked so
we're just getting back through it but
we'll probably go to bed early tonight
because I think me and him need a lot of
rest Jackson just brought me the bubbles
so I think he wants me Blossom Bubbles
come sit right here
good job
but
trying to lick them
where you got it Texan you're so cute
but you all try it
you can't eat it though
let me try it for you Oh Toki that
Jackson I'm just trying to daycare
Galvan and put you in a small confined
area no no no no come here let me look
at you ah
okay I'm gonna confine you to a little
corner while you feed him okay Jackson
are you ready yeah you're still gonna
climb okay you go ahead and climb I
think we're ready to show Mom the final
results and just a sneak peek before she
sees it I think it looks pretty good
Jackson you make me nervous come here
okay you ready Ellie come on in Oh Jared
oh my gosh it's so cute you like it yes
thank you you're welcome
da-da-da-da-da-da-da I'm not gonna touch
it
oh you can touch it all you want oh wow
it looks nice hey Jackson and I worked
really really hard and we get it all
taken care of didn't we boated this
seriously has taken a lot longer than I
wanted it to time yeah it should be on
the vlog at that time yeah thank you
you're welcome
I like it a lot doesn't it look so cute
the cribs on the giraffe or all of that
stuff I think it matches really well go
stand in front of it Ellie seriously oh
thank you so much you're welcome I have
a few other things that I'm gonna add to
the room
and I'm really excited we're just slowly
doing it and then maybe I'll take a
little room tour but thank you so much
you're welcome
Jackson likes it yeah he does you just
go ahead and climb you mr. klimer
climbing son okay why fish can't
officially
I'm really tired right now yeah but
right get me out okay guys I just it's
6:30
we're getting wrapping up for bedtime
and I just said Kelvin and this is the
first time he is eaten today for more
than five minutes we have had a very
long rough day and I've tried a lot of
things leaning back has helped feeding
him but I just pumped a little bit
before I fed him and then on he ate it
he's been eating and I already known
that I he I probably have a fast let
down so he's getting too much milk and
then he's not getting enough of the hind
milk and blah blah you get the picture
so it has been a rough day for both of
them yeah I've had a bad day yeah but
the important thing is is we have to
recognize that we've had a rough day and
there's ice cream in the freezer but I'm
being serious we have to recognize that
we had a rough day and we have to say
okay Ellie and Jared tomorrow's gonna be
good tomorrow's gonna be better because
we can choose okay because we have advil
on the fridge and uh like it's hard
being negative is easy and being
positive and hot is hard but it's worth
it
it really is and I need to be better so
Ellie I apologize to you for being a
little bit negative today and I'm sorry
and I will do much better tomorrow
Jared's a better man than I am you are
cuz I guess you are a good man though I
get to sit here and I'm gonna step out
because I've had a long day my head
hurts
no I know it Jared means it it is good
to be positive but you have rough days
and guess what ie am pretty sure
tomorrow's gonna be rough as well Calvin
until we get things resolved but we'll
be positive you're gonna work hard
yeah we'll be as good as we can but and
I think it is time to end the vlog and
thanks you're working hard oh thanks for
being so thanks for being so cute to me
we are a happy happy I'll never turn
them how to channel Oh
great minds think alike okay seriously
can I look were to get that pink pinky
whose is that we've had in a package I
tried to feed
I can differ I just say it daddy didn't
like gosh I'm Kate Jax say good night
say good night Kevin good night see you
tomorrow guys bye
