even though we ain't got money I'm so
love with you honey and everything I'll
bring a change
in the morning when I bring a tear to my
eyes and tell me good morning guys happy
Sunday today is our one take Sunday but
obviously we're not doing a wedding it's
fine usually we like to see what take
Sunday's just so we can have the rest of
the night to be together but sometimes
it's fun just to pick up the camera and
show you guys what we're doing but we
are on our way to the bone Emily's house
they are having a baby and we're
singing in the car and we are see or
Jared to see a song that means a lot to
us it he used to sing all the time when
we were trying to get Jackson here we're
weird yes not rocket we were trying to
get Jackson here and then especially
when we got pregnant that's when we
still I started singing that along
it's called Dani song by Kenny Loggins
and it's about his brother who they
found out that they were gonna have a
baby and so he wrote that song for that
but it was just like it was so cool to
sing that song I'm struggling to get
pregnant and then finally when we got
pregnant like I think I'm gonna have a
son you know yeah it doesn't you know
it's just like as long as we have each
other that's yeah so we just finished up
with Beau and Emily's baby blessing and
now we're hanging out doing a little
get-together and I may or may not have
brought something that everyone wants to
try out so we're gonna go over and we're
gonna try out the hoverboard or they're
gonna attempt to try it out you ready
okay let's go
look what you brought to the party it's
not a party without NASA early dad dad I
will buy you a suit if it rips literally
just think no no just good drink
okay so later she going forward is yeah
there you go there you go I feel like
I'm watching NASCAR
you should do I feel like I'm watching
NASCAR cuz I'm just waiting for the
accident to blow the boring you put one
foot as flat as you can because when you
go you can feel it move forward and
backwards when you tilt it so you have
one foot as far as you can and then you
just get up and then you try and keep
them both flat and if all it spells just
jump like I don't think holding on to
someone works bend your knees bend your
knees a little no you're good so your
feet position can make a difference
Kevin's taking the dip and trying it
well I come I've been riding it for
three days this seriously I like get
nervous for people because who she is hi
sweetheart oh you had the yummy dinner
huh holdin on to end Ellie's Lake yeah
you're cruising no don't pick ha ha if
anybody is gonna do really good I think
a bow would do good
I think bow would cuz if any of you know
my brother he is like oh there's a fun
trail right over here ok now see look at
your feet how off-centered they are so
if you want to get off and get on again
yep good job
everyone's done really well I'm
surprised balance runs in the family
did you see Jared I'm swinging Jackson
the other day with it swinging Jackson
well then just fall backwards no one
here good job
why are you laughing I had Joel go with
me to the bathroom and he goes did you
see your daddy's man so you didn't have
that better time getting on you're just
wanting to showing your toy off everyone
did really good yeah we'll bring it to
the next family function ever I could
try it on mom's carpet oh goodness
you look beautiful in the wild all you
need is a stick something to start a
little fire to to cook I don't know what
I'm saying
this is Jackson Jackson are you in the
woods
you're okay
Jackson oh it's sometimes hard as a
parent or at least so it's hard for me
sometimes to to know that he can go and
do stuff like all the kids are off
playing but it's like I I don't quite
trust him by himself with the other kids
and this is kind of a steep hill so
Mama's gonna come with you okay yeah say
okay first day yeah okay mama will come
with you this is a steep hill Kate I
have a question for you today with
Henry's blessing day your brother's
blessing was a good day what do you want
to say to Henry happy happy blessed
Henry thanks for letting us come with
blessing day you're so sweet sugar go
play the girls
Jackson don't look
so I'd get my back okay oh my gosh but
with your knees that was hard that was
really hard okay oh let's turn up this
big hill you know what guys I'm gonna
tell a secret I'm gonna start working
out but not till this week I'm gonna
like wait make it strong I'm gonna get
strong I told I was gonna start working
out well good just for weight with me
I'm gonna work out together oh we got
kids so maybe you'll go in the morning
we'll do a little strategic intervals
you know yeah sounds good riding along
in my automobile my baby beside me at
the will oh hey buddy I mean this is my
baby you were saying you were saying
USA USA I I cannot believe what has just
happened oh wait wait wait wait wait for
it wait wait oh okay we always have we
almost had another goal guys the first
16 minutes
USA is up four to nothing you guys
already know this you probably have
already seen it but I'm going upstairs I
went to the bathroom I turn on the game
no one expects like a really crazy start
to a soccer game u.s. scored twice in
three minutes or five minutes or
something it was insane and then they
scored two more times in the next ten
minutes
Ellie Ellie Ellie was speeding Calvin
and missed the whole thing couldn't yell
to me upstairs I was going to the
bathroom anyway this is so exciting I
would hate I feel so bad for Japan but
this is so exciting for us oh man oh
yeah this is still very early in the
game we still have a lot of game left to
play but still like that's amazing that
is so crazy
okay what we're doing now is we're gonna
grill some chicken I've got some chicken
marinating in the fridge right now I'll
show it to you guys right now some
chicken has been marinating we're gonna
cook on the grill Texan are you ready
all right let's go grill some chicken Oh
grill them
grill them look at that chicken and
pineapple it looks so good I'm gonna eat
it right up what a way to end the night
with a nice slice of zucchini bread that
I just made look at that yummy zucchini
bread yeah me just the USA women just
won the World Cup sorry is that Kate
wait I think he yes congratulations you
were superb and good job Japan it was a
good game it was it was a lot of fun to
watch okay we will see you tomorrow
why
want me to wrap you up or you're gonna
take a bit come on give me a smile
circle my nose
