oh happy 4th of July happy 4th of July
you guys look so hot I'm a guy to you
well thank you thank you very much
happy 4th of July
happy 4th of July what are you guys
doing it's lowered to try and trying to
do a braid you think with all the years
in hair school we could braid hair it's
like it when it's on your own you're
doing great can I show you how it's done
please
can we show you how it's done I can't
undo this no okay
I was like this is her like fifth time
please don't make her start over my
scalp is raw
I'm the worst fun you know Ellie I don't
care what it looks like I don't care
what it looks like what kind of radar we
get in French braid you're just a
regular dress Jared she's gonna try to
children really though you cap - all I
do this sorry
just get this right there that's a nice
red and you'd you quiet I'm scared for
Jared's life I know I'm not in a good
marriage
Ellie does not like a listed competition
that's all okay Bonnie I'm trying to get
tight does it look okay Ellie it's
perfect
I mean Ellie literally I do not tell
your viewers I did it only they're gonna
know they're watching it I'm getting
there look it's looking I love it
I'm like almost done what's your to know
what that little braids gonna be cute
and we are leaving it hmm just keep
going I'm just I'm doing my stuff I'm
talkin to you George you're so brave I'm
so scared
oh I'm gonna run I'm gonna run so fast
oh look that looks wonderful is that
look pretty good yeah it's tight it's
good actually you can't leave it I'm
going swimming and I can't have nap eNOS
we'll just while you do it does look
very good actually just put it right on
top this is totally not how I would do
mine but it's like we go hang on start
over
no look and then we'll just bring all
this I mean you're writing this down
that I want you guys to see how amazing
this braid is isn't that so good these
do not
mine should we show Elly's income bears
hey we're just having a little futile
July fun I'm sorry I could do it I know
you can do it oh yeah I love it
huh no you don't okay I'm gonna go why
while I still have my life
fine fine now you can look at it it's
not too bad that's not too bad
a cute little list sprayed yes rock god
I hope every better the next day
I don't know doesn't it feel like it was
just yesterday that we were sitting here
having a good time grilling some burgers
well we're doing the same thing we're
having some sweet leftovers and
apparently they're so good I'm excited
to spend the day with you today Ellie I
loved already it's been a lot of fun it
felt so relaxing good to cuddle the
Kansan I've logged up every day Jackson
seems to amaze me in one way or the
other for example today he's like just
being more vocal and thinking not
critically but he's just like thinking
more and more and usually whenever he's
were feeding him stuff what ask him if
he wants more of something and then
he'll gives a sign but today he pointed
at something that he had on his plate
and then he signed more and I was like
well good for him mom mom huh what mmm
like he was like trying to get my
attention
yeah he was really cute and it's just
like yeah this kid is he's grown up he's
getting smarter oh look he's saying more
I had some fruit snacks right here he
ate him up so quick and it was like mom
ma mom I'm with some more but he signed
it he didn't say it you're cute you know
how cute you are no I don't think
Jackson has ever
seeing bubbles or at least I've never
done this with them outside the bubble
bath right
well in the world
that's my help
mm-hmm
come on put some up into it hey Jackson
I'm working look
look at that how happy is oh look at
that
Jackson look
hey guy Jackson Jackson look look look
do you want to get hit with the water
balloon checks in that was so nice of
the neighbors yeah you wanted to come so
bad I wanted to buzzer man 1 oh yeah key
throw it one two three oh my god one two
that was anti-climatic yeah on the
ground
Tommy Jones throw it on the ground 1 1
we stand upon what happened oh hey thank
you first in the home and we thought you
know what there's a little parade on
Main Street
we are gonna drive and if it is gonna be
stressful we don't even see a spot then
we'll just go home easy we'll have
dinner but guess what we just walked up
to this vine piece of shade right there
is the thing is you have to be very
strategic about placements or parades
because you don't want to go where the
shape is you want to go where the shade
is going to be when the event starts and
that's a loose much more smart but you
can also just be awesome and have like
an awesome canopy like those guys are I
know that's what we're doing next year
seriously this is a good idea
happy first fourth of July Calvin it's
his first Calvin next year you're gonna
be a one-year-old you know you might be
running around you know what I was just
thinking but like I was just thinking
how grateful I am for what we
because at my old job we would never be
able to do this because every single
holiday you know yeah that was not fun
yeah I have it with me huh dance dance
dance dance dance dance yeah
hasn't calvin grown up so much look at
him my breast milk doesn't wonders
seriously we were here at the parade and
I called em lakes I was asking your
breastfeeding questions and seriously
look can we run into hey guys and then
little caterers catering Jax are sitting
there to CN but seriously the parade is
supposed to start any minute
the traffic is dying down the scene is
being set momentarily we'll be seeing
some old fashioned cars just driving
down the road and we'll admire them as
they drive by slowly sometimes are they
go throughout candy even copy
I hope so that's my job candy they don't
very little candy oh okay next year I'm
bringing my own key we're going home
Ellie there's no candy here
Jackson see this is how Calvin feels
when you do that to him Kate's playing
got your nose and Jackson doesn't like
it checks and see yet for trying to do -
yes I know this is the same thing
say this is revenge this is payback look
at the camera look at the camera here
and say I'll be back yeah gotta fix my
hair real quick better that look good
I've gotta fix em real quick when you
put your hair up um
why are you so cute I don't know a
greeny mouth I don't know what do you
think buddy is that pretty cool oh sweet
score Ellie we got candy we need to get
the flux capacitor hurry
DeLorean
hey you give my
can you hear me yeah he's playing with
his ears you know he's talking so he can
hear him some say hi hi Jackson can you
hear me wait no don't let him Jerry
shut up he's got hair heads stickiness
all over his fingers look at
 oh my gosh what is going on when
the world is happening right now I
promise he doesn't add that look for a
long time like a guy's like huh I just
said it Oh like he's like I'm so scared
I'm so daring everybody your skin
looting yourself well guys we hope you
have a wonderful 4th of July just like
we did it was so fun to just be together
don't you think I agree I loved the past
few days and tomorrow's gonna be great
as well it's gonna be awesome we're
going to be with a lot of family so
thank you guys for watching take Sunday
yeah one take yep or at least we try to
anyway yeah if you enjoyed the video be
sure to give it a thumbs up and we'll
see you guys tomorrow
scary I scare you I scare you guys bye
Oh nobody asked you yeah oh now he's all
relaxed ha ha ha ha he just had a boob
this means I had to poop
by
