what are you doing ah what are you doing
oh my goodness think Oh Thank You
Jackson
these are all the things Jackson has
brought to me Oh Jackson thank you so
much ah what what do you have for me now
ah Thank You Jackson that's so kind
isn't that Ellie that's so kind of you
for tomorrow being the 4th of July
it's not even that fancy here we're
going to Sam's Club we got to go run a
couple errands and you know what
sometimes it's fun when you go to Sam's
Club to get a little treat and eat it as
you shop you're gonna do that Jackson
does that sound fun
no okay we won't get a treat I guess we
will cuz mama want to treat you want one
I know you will I cannot believe that
tomorrow is a fourth of July and Sam's
Club is dead there must be some
festivity going on that we are totally
fine missing out on
but we are here describing a few things
and you know what this is my favorite
thing I love going up and down the
aisles looking all the fun toys this was
probably one of my favorite places to go
as a kid that looks so cool like that's
like that's motorized if you are so
scared of the lake maybe we would get it
cuz that's really cool so mom went with
aunt Bonnie again so it's just us boys
it's just us boys she's not gonna be
gone very long don't worry I can handle
this I am a father of two kids I can
take on the challenge Jackson what do
you want to do you want to play video
games
what Bride Wars and what did why would
you want to watch that movie don't you
want to play like Super Smash Bros or
something Jackson yeah you wanna play
Super Smash Bros okay I guess we're
gonna play a little Super Smash Bros
okay Jackson the key to Super Smash Bros
is not so much just attacking it's
knowing when to attack you've got heavy
you got medium light and ultra light
okay those are the kind of characters
that you have they have different speeds
different strengths and everything me
myself I play Kirby the pink fluffy dude
but don't worry he packs a big punch it
backs a big bunch now who do you want to
be starting out I think you should start
off with someone classic someone who's
true powerful strong I think you should
play link you need to know how to block
you need to know how to attack
you know how to strafe and die there's a
lot of different things a lot of
different techniques and everything but
don't worry Jackson I'm going to teach
you everything I know
soon you'll be smashing everyone there's
one thing that you need to know about
Kirby he's pretty much unstoppable oh I
can't believe that just happened are you
serious
hahaha well it looks like Jackson didn't
need much my help anyway he kicked my
butt you don't have to rub it in my
dancing Jackson I know you beat me he's
not better
the songs been on repeat for the last 15
minutes because he wants to gloat in his
victory ready cue music
go ahead Jackson dance the night away
doesn't bother me too much sick don't
drink better water's been there place
three nails just any water oh you did
huh Oh Jackson you are a hoot you know
that bud yeah yeah me yeah splash splash
splash splash splash - this is so fun
this isn't this the best Ellie um
Jackson is out here we're just sitting
here talking about what we want to do
for the weekend and everything and
Jackson just splash splash splash going
crazy and at first I was like whoa whoa
whoa careful I don't get my phone wet
don't get my phone and then I was like
sure run away put my phone away and be
with your son you know just had fun
whoa get it Jackson and I was just like
I just I don't know why you know of
course you know your phone is important
to anything but I think you know
sometimes you just have to be aware of
what's more important and playing with
my son right now it's the most important
thing I can do right now don't you think
yeah don't waste my water dad Jenna
actually - were sitting here talking and
we're talking about things that we could
do this weekend and places have been
invited and I said I'm stressed out I'm
stressing out and we've done a lot of
stuff the past month more so than anyone
would ever do
a newborn let alone you know let alone a
newborn and so I told Jared I said
honestly I think when you are okay I
think when you are overwhelmed with
something it's best to just cancel
everything and start over and so what
we're doing it was what we've decided is
we're gonna have a staycation we are
going to stay here we're gonna enjoy our
grill we're gonna enjoy everything that
we've purchased this summer you know
like well I want to grill some
hamburgers I want to be with my family
and I wanted to just be us for a little
bit I gotta go anywhere you know and
just yeah let's just be together as a
family together as a family and enjoy
the 4th of July weekend
yep here with our baby at our own home
so we're gonna stay and we're gonna go
grill we're gonna we're gonna grill them
good will well I better get on that
Segway and go up and down this long
strip look out look at this is awesome
that's all I want to do oh yeah oh yeah
oh yeah oh yeah hey stay vacation Jared
yeah as we got into the car I slowly
reached my hand and grabbed your hand
like sometimes we always do and then
what did you just say well I just said
it's weird not reaching over and then
rubbing your belly like your pregnant
belly anymore
but you don't have you that yeah
everyday every time I grab my hand and I
just kind of Pat the belly and rub the
belly and be like Calvin that's my boy
that's my boy you're my boy blue I'm
like that it's weird that we would
always talk about Calvin and be like
hopefully like little baby cakes value
ten crazy I went to Bonnie's doctor's
appointment of her today and it was
really weird to be there and I'm like
like I was kind of sad in a way that's
weird today's I'm glad that we are
together I'm going always together but
it's different I love you well and I
love you too gosh darn it I love you
Ready Set jump good job
come here yeah good job
keep jumping be like Mike jump oh oh
jeez oh wow I have an owie in Jackson
keeps poking it ouch ouch ouch ouch what
Oh oh you are you keeping it safe what
good job
ouch ouch come on come on chairs could
be bringing the hamburgers out and in
the meantime we are just enjoying some
nice fresh fruit aren't we a little
buddy huh Calvin do you like the fruit
yep you'll enjoy it later yeah do you
like this it's just fun
Oh dun-da-da-da grilling commence sizzle
watch it says we'll make a curl call him
you know what to do
sure dad can you get anyone
haha huge fixer oh you're such a
trickster I have one hmm thank you how
about mama
Kishore mama
oh you got tricked give me another one
give me one
ah give me one
sorry this is a boys only club line come
here come here I want to show you
something ready ready
catch you on the flipside bye
what would you do for a Klondike bar yes
that is right we're ending our night
right can I come in we are ending our
night at the local on dyke bar I just
rot - Jackson guess what - sleep you
know fall asleep in my arms been a long
time since you've done that yeah I loved
it
check Calvin do on taste come on taste
in this yummy hey guys thank you so much
for watching the vlog today and we look
for you tomorrow happy happy 4th of July
a year ago tomorrow I proved my pants ha
ha ha you guys haven't been with us for
that long
go watch the last year's video well
tomorrow's last year video we had a lot
of fun but Ally totally like not even
joking pooped her pants and then the
next day I was in the hospital it was a
hot mess you'll have to watch the whole
weekend of the fourth of July with my
family last year it was quite crazy yeah
anyway we'll see you tomorrow bye
I think I know what he's dreaming about
a Klondike bar
