good morning guys I feel so refreshed it
is because I got up at 6 I got ready I
did a video I like waking up early
sometimes but Calvin is kind of getting
ready to sleep I think and I have got
Jackson in the tub
hi but Jackson the tub he's gonna play
with some toys while I get this house
spic and span it is dirty I'm just
getting everything cleaned
that's all hamburger gross so let's get
some work done well while the child is
happy
great where did you learn to climb
Jackson I knew you could climb but get
down get down please
good joy thank you and he's like nope
I'm going back up Jackson get down get
down this is what you do to cool off
after you've raced through the house to
clean you stand above the heater vent
that has the a/c going on look I like
pregnant again huh um I am ten weeks
pregnant and ten weeks pregnant how do I
look
oh it's funny I am so hot I'm sweating
so bad so I'm standing above the AC vent
Calvin's still asleep and Jackson is
doing so good a little quiet time oh
he's actually played really well by
himself I'm gonna go let's go say hi to
him
well he's being good so I'm gonna leave
him for a few more minutes and close my
eyes until I have to be Kelvin so
Jackson just saw that there was
something new in the living room the
hoverboard and I want to see what Oh
okay buddy are you discovering what that
is
oh come here you'll be oh you are right
I was coming down to see what his
reaction was what is that buddy what is
it it's heavy is what it is let's see
what his first reaction is to be riding
it
what do you think you like the lights
he likes the lights Wow
what do you think buddy yeah is that
pretty cool do you like that what do you
think hey should we get a little one for
you whoo you rolled it good job rollin
rollin rollin keep that in gyro Lynn
Oh careful
oh he doesn't think any baby I'm gonna
get you eat you do you like that the
other direction now this is all I want
to do oh yeah fake or is it amazing the
best okay Bonnie are we sure you wanted
to do this okay Cody and Olivia are
holding hands
Bonnie's holding Jackson because Jackson
has no shoes I'm holding Boston town
long story short we made a trip down and
we don't have shoes anyway we are gonna
go I guess lunch together it's been a
little it's been a little stressful
we've had a suburban full of kids but
they have been chance yes they have have
been champs yes they have in Calvin
you're all nice and bottled bundled and
strapped let's go on so I've had this
mouse for the computer for a while now
but for some reason it just stops like
it's fully charged and everything but
the mouse just stopped like wiggle the
mouse around but it doesn't do anything
and it's driving me crazy especially
when I'm working like on a project or
trying to upload a video or edit a video
it just it drives me bonkers and so what
I'm gonna do is I'm gonna go to Best Buy
see if they'll exchange it for me or
give me something different I thought
I'd be fun Best Buy it was pretty close
to where we live I thought very fun
maybe to take the hoverboard this might
be a bad idea but I'm gonna try and help
well Bonnie goes and looks at the store
she needs to I decided since Jackson
does every
we would sit here and play pat-a-cake
Jackson can you an Olivia look here nope
sit on your bum now look play show
Jackson and he'll play Jackson show room
Jackson roll it and roll it mark it with
the J for Jackson throw it
Jerry Jackson for Jackson and me yeah
now I can see this I was saying I could
see this go one of three different ways
I either crash and burn and then I go
home and take the car or I go really far
and then it doesn't work out and then I
have to carry it the rest of the way or
I just do something terrible I don't
know
I this is it was going really fast and I
don't know this might not be the
greatest idea but I think it's gonna be
fun to try it out anyway so let's give
it a shot
mom was just saying how much Kelvin has
chunked up and I would have to agree and
also he just talked today for the first
time or coud I guess I should say did
you hear him cooling on the floor knees
on the floor and he wasn't even crying
just hurting
you're starting to COO and I walked over
and he opened his mouth and kinda
there's cuz he's happy he's at Grandpa's
house did he still look like he's scared
of the world or does he look his eyes
aren't kind of calming down love you
he looks so much like ice I think like I
think Jackson look so much like grandpa
Meachem if I see a lot to us and him no
but you look just like Jackson - oh
pretty boys yeah
can't get him out that's a big drop
there hmm let's try this
can you handle grass do it do it this is
not an off train vehicle well so far so
good I haven't crashed yet it's weird
when you when you go over little bumps
and everything your feet slide a little
bit so I think I need a little bit more
grip on there but oh and your feet slide
you kind of adjust your balance and that
makes the the scooter move in different
directions
so it's gonna take a little bit of
getting used to but so far you know I'm
commuting right now I'm on a very short
commute and this is my this is my travel
system right here why why won't you look
at
Hey look I can't pick you up by your
ears if you're not gonna grab me then
I'm gonna sit here okay come on we're
serious now okay okay okay no I think
it's obviously you didn't take his nap
yes that's what's obvious well I made it
to Best Buy got my mouse exchange and I
actually grabbed a bite to eat just to
test this out this is all purely
scientific studies you know that we're
doing here so far I've done them pretty
well I haven't crashed yet cross your
fingers I know as soon as I say it I'm
gonna crash that's just how these things
work too much focus on too many
different things anyway I'll probably do
a review on my channel like a full-out
review once I get you know really good
hang of it and get my thoughts a little
bit more solidified but okay I'm going
home make sure my mouse actually works
this time I don't want to have to make
another trip oh here I go I'm going
crazy
she headaches showing what you're
looking up look show me what you're
looking at Jackson every time we're at
Mom's house he comes over and he looks
at there's all these picture frames and
that was me in like seventh grade and he
always comes and grabs it and runs off
but that was me and sounds great but I
could hear him down here what happened
because you escaped you're supposed to
be watching a movie with the kiddos
you're just strolling in with your kid
huh nobody's business Jackson loves
things like why are you guys though you
Ellie and I have been teaching Jackson
the finer points of dipping food into
different sauces chicken nuggets into
ketchup fries in to fry us all those
awesome things that are much better with
the sauce Jackson on the other hand is
taking it a little bit too far
and he likes to dip anything he can get
into his milk you're taking the dipping
a little too seriously oh you want to
dip it don't you
yeah that's not a dipping sauce this is
a drinking liquid drinking the liquid no
coulis no good job
say good night here brother
good job buddy you're doing so good well
guys that's gonna be it for us today we
hope you have a wonderful day because we
sure did thanks for tuning in with us
every single day guys I want to let you
know if you guys haven't subscribed be
sure to hit that subscribe button it's
totally free doesn't cost you anything
just lets you know whenever we put up a
new video which is every single day he
was he wants to ride the hoverboard
upside down turned off and he's like why
would I go anyway thanks for watching
guys have a wonderful day and we'll see
you tomorrow bye
