well my goodness it's only 7:30 in the
morning and guess what we've already got
breakfast devoured we are already
getting ready to watch cartoons we're
all getting ready jumping around playing
did you guys sleep good yes
woohoo and I already have lunch made
which is just sandwiches because well
that's really easy so I got some
sandwiches made and in a little bit we
are going to take the kids to the park
or I am I'm not depending on how jared
is done working and let's start our day
are you quite boys wrestling stockpile
activity don't play game okay this is
the rules though you cannot go in any
room with it the door is closed so no
bathrooms and no uncle Jarrod's office
okay okay who wants to hide first me you
wanna hide okay
oh wait or oh no who wants to find you
want me to find you guys yeah oh that's
how you go Z yeah it's okay I know so so
you guys are zebras zebras okay I'm a
bear and I eat and if I find one of you
I eat you and then you and then you turn
into a bear and then we both our
partners Frankie
oh good game are you gonna hide Boston
Hey okay Cody boy look at me smile smile
y'all you wanna hide can't you stay
there
and Kate Jackson we're gonna hide we're
gonna head and bathtub okay we're ready
oh no sting ish peptide - Shh oh hey
movie the first ones he found no Cory's
been any don't want me there so I ain't
you ah
do you like the corner go on the corner
Jackson still on the corner so how am I
ever supposed to discipline me likes the
corner ah boo goes and hides now for who
finds Cody Cody you have to find us cuz
you're the first to be found
alright yeah I thought I found Austin
first okay so you come find us okay do
you want to hold the camera while you
find us yeah okay
ready not here I come here oh we must be
somebody oh yeah you're not even filming
hook it up I can't even believe it you
got me last yeah now it's my turn I'm
screaming
Manji Cody
you can tell Cody yeah
good now I pick I like to record play
now I find you guys are you gonna go
hide I'm the big giant who's here to
bring bad news what I have to take
Olivia to school huh then let's go find
her okay kay boys you're holding on so
that were nice and sit safe and I want
everyone to stay right by me we're gonna
head on over to the park I don't even
know how this vlogging is going I'm like
freaking army oh I'm sorry
okay you two hold on let's go to the
park I don't know what it is about
having all the kids here that makes me
feel like maybe it's easier I don't know
I remember because the kids are so
that's helpful because they all kind of
follow each other and they listen or I
don't know I don't know what it is or
yet because they're older I don't know
either way it's been actually pretty
easy because Jackson just follows what
the kids are doing and it makes
everything easier but if I was by myself
to be this with Jackson I think it'd be
harder because I would just be chasing
after him but he actually stays with the
kids
oh no it's just kind of nice Jackson is
never one to want to go down the slide
all by himself that he's actually
willing just to go and he's been going
kay bashed in your turn let's go whoo
Kate Jackson your turn
yeah you hold on tight Oh landed on your
bum okay go do it again
he's been going down and down and down I
think this so cute you're just growing
up so much what's up Oh
oh my goodness did you climb up the
whole thing yeah good job
all righty I've got the two little
munchkins here say hi little munchkins
hey we've got to run to the store we got
to get a very few important things right
guys we got to get some important things
we're on an operation mission mission
okay I think we finally got everything
we needed right guys and I just download
an app called I bada and what it is it's
an app that gives you cash back on stuff
that you get from your favorite stores
so we're here at the grocery store we've
got a few items and we're gonna get some
cash back on so I have some milk squash
bread and zucchini we're going to go
here and we're going to scroll through
oh look we got milk here we're going to
redeem that download the app unlock your
rebate buy your stuff and then you get
cash back on PayPal venmo or a gift card
or something I was looking at the app
earlier today when I was making my
shopping list and there's tons of stores
that use it like Best Buy mm-hmm and
lots of other stores that we go to all
the time so I'll have a link to it down
below if you guys want to check it out
we're gonna scan the product
scan the milk and we'll take a picture
of the receipt bada-bing bada-boom cash
back on things that I was going to
purchase anyway like I said guys I'll
have a link to I bought it down below if
you guys are interested to check it out
and start getting some money back well
look what we have here the hottest part
of the day and guess what we have shade
so the kids won't get fried we sprayed
the patio off with water so the little
toesies won't get burnt I even set a
little chair right here because I think
Calvin's going to be waking up any
minute and I'm going to go ahead and
feed him out here and the kids are gonna
play my a shirt I've got my phone in my
pocket honestly if I didn't have my
phone in my pocket I probably would do
it Olivia Cody you went with their dad
to help the neighbors move so I've just
got these two little kiddos but you guys
have been playing pretty good oh yeah
great you two are having so much fun I
just love watching them play
I mean vana just lives on the corner so
it's really easy to have her kids come
play but I think what we ought to do is
find a day that all my other siblings
maybe they could all come and we could
all have a little mini pool party and
just just eat food and play do you think
that'd be fun I like eating food and
playing me too
remember yesterday when I said one day
being with a brand-new born it's like
everything's going great and then the
next day it's not going well today is
going great um we have been feeding so
much better I've been leaning back more
he's been getting more milk in and guess
what he did last night
he never never goes more than like two
two and a half hours between feedings
even at night he went to bed at eight he
ate at eight at eight pm went to bed and
woke up at three he slept so long and
look this is a newborn outfit this is my
baby like it's short he's so long
grandpa Griffis look you're so tall you
just you sparked it on me yeah that's
gross anyway he's just getting so big
look at his body like you're getting
chunky look
eat your little rolls I love it
you're so sweet
are you on the vlog you on the vlog
you're trying to hold the string anyway
things are going really well I'm really
happy I think that he's been such a
dream and I don't mind waking up with
you at night I don't
I just want to film you I think you're
so cute like a baby breath I can't get
enough of kisses hmm I do this with
Jackson all the time but he's stronger
so he pushes me away but guess what
you're not very strong hmm
I love you so much hmm seriously this is
like the funniest thing ever these two
kids hanging out and their diapers after
swimming watching some nursery rhymes
they're just hanging out here they love
it Ellie and I are picking up the living
room because a tornado of kids went
through here and they're going home but
honestly I love the tornado of kids
because it means like these kids were
here having a good time having a lot of
fun and they're gonna have these
memories forever got more work done with
having all the kids here than just our
two well it forces you to prioritize oh
yeah we feel like okay God do this this
like it's been actually very enjoyable
it really really has all aboard the hype
train I I feel bad but I get excited
like I don't watch soccer all the time
but when USA is doing good I'm watching
USA just scored against Germany and when
they're they just put up a statistic
when they're ahead you know with a
certain amount of time they don't lose
they either draw or they win so I'm
pretty excited there's only like 12
minutes left and they they might go on
to the finals that'll be cool to see
by to Boston by Jack Santos maybe see
him tomorrow okay Jackson are you so sad
are you so sad that your buddy's leaving
say bye oh yeah well the kids are bathed
USA 1 it's a good night guys
it's a very very good night Calvin is
here chillin out with me we just
finished watching the soccer game
congratulations to the women's team for
winning and going on to the finals you
would sir you must say you will say
thanks for watching the vlog today guys
have a wonderful evening and we'll see
you tomorrow
Boston say bye say bye see you later bye
Gy ODMs bye see you guys I can do it I
can I can say it catch on the flipside
bye
