Jackson luck look go go yeah say baby
baby baby good morning
jump jump
Joe Joe Joe Joe jump up until you get
down Keith Jackson ready sit stand up
bus jump jump 1 2 3 jump
up it pop it pop it look at ok 1 2 3
jump 1 2 3 jump jump cutie good morning
guys I was just talking to Jarrod I am
packing away my maternity clothes all of
my maternity clothes and I'm not gonna
lie I'm kind of sad like I I've been
pregnant like 18 months pretty much at
the nine-month break in-between I've
been pregnant a long time and I still
feel pregnant like even last night I was
laying flat on my back and I just felt
really weird like I don't think that I I
don't know I just I just felt weird that
I should be pregnant Jackson Jackson
Jackson captain get out of my makeup get
out of my makeup come here
um anyway so I'm packing up jump jump
jump
I'm packing up my maternity clothes and
just kind of feels weird to me to like
pack them up and put them away like I
feel like I should still have a belly
and a baby kicking off I mean
excuse me Jackson I think you have
something that is Kelvin and eyes what
is he Jackson where's the breast pad
Jackson where's the breast pad huh here
mom here put it on Kevin's tummy okay
thank you see you later
taking a bath you can't keep doing that
what are you gonna do with it
Kelvin you whoa did you get the chills
huh Kelvin you are getting so big and
chunky we have had kind of a rough
morning
I have broke down a few times and but I
think everything it's so funny because I
was like bawling and Jarrod's like
Elliott
it's only 8 a.m. we have our whole day
let's like calm down and get situated so
I feel much better after this morning
but it's crazy how one day things can go
so great with the newborn and then the
next day things are so bad and I feel
like after looking up a bunch of things
online
I feel like Calvin is getting a lot of
milk at once and he was getting really
frustrated and Jarrod's like wow what a
nice difference from last go-around but
I pumped after I fed him and I got like
4 ounces and I feel like he's been
getting a lot of milk because he's been
like choking on it and like swallowing
it Lots and just from what I've looked
up that's what I think anyway anyway
that yeah and I know I looked up a few
different things and they talked about
like pumping before I had a different
positioning and already this afternoon
well he doesn't look like things are
better but I promise things are better I
just got back from the dentist can you
guys tell I just got a feeling done at
the dentist and oh man I it's not that I
don't like the dentist but it's just
like oh you know it's just not fun oh
but anyway I got home and I thought
everyone was taking a nap but they're
nowhere to be found in the house so they
might be outside over here there you are
sorry yeah you scared me I literally was
like gonna flip out like I'm inside and
I'm like there's no one here Ellie's not
in bed Jackson's not asleep
cuz I checked the camera and I was like
oh good Jackson's still asleep when I
was at the dentist right no can you tell
like I was like can you guys tell that I
went to the dentist hi buddy I missed
you he just ate he just ate the biggest
Nutella sandwich of his life Oh YUM get
it get it son get it I'm supposed to
picture Jackson he has changed so much
in the past five weeks yeah since we
brought Calvin home he has he's like a
little boy now and I love it you're just
like a little boy
hey you Superman your little boy he's
trying to go boneless on us I know don't
you dare go boneless on me Sean but
you're you're learning and growing up as
long as you have a toothbrush in a rock
you're a happy camper are you so dizzy
you can't even stand up do it again he
can't even get up Jackson was just
sitting there spinning and spinning and
laughing and laughing come on let's try
again stand up let's try it again let's
drink it spin around spin around dtt
ring-around-the-rosy yeah
keep it together brother gave it
together huh oh you're so cute oh he's
gonna go he's gonna keep going watch out
for the corner oh he's running oh you
shouldn't run that you're dizzy
oh are you having fun are you having fun
spin spin spin oh wow he's a hard rocker
you can feel the cold air come in hmm
fine
ah guys Ellie's left us she's left us to
just be us three guys I'm just kidding
she did leave us but she went over to
Bonnie's house real quick to go hang out
for a second so that means I am left
with muchacho uno and muchacho dos
that's you Jackson I'm not going to you
over there yeah that's you the guys are
hanging out right now and this is fun
it's cool to think like we're gonna be
doing this a lot like Jackson and I and
Calvin and I we're gonna be playing
baseball together we're gonna be playing
football together it's gonna be so much
fun
hanging out with these guys as they grow
up Jackson are you excited yeah get that
Big E out of your mouth I'm gonna try
and do this Boop are you excited Jackson
oh geez oh what a cute kid you're cute
you know that yeah yeah you know that
and so are you Calvin you're cute too
but it's just fun to think like were the
guys you know we're hanging out and
we're going to be doing this a lot I
remember as a kid one thing that the
guys would do growing up is every summer
there would be a thing called the big
horn sheep show I'm not sure that's what
it was actually called but that's what
we called it
and every year I was so excited because
all the guys in my family would get
ready to go to the bighorn sheep show we
go look at hunting and fishing gear and
it was just so much fun and I can't wait
to do that kind of stuff with these two
guys
uh-huh you're excited to do that too
yeah yeah yeah what's going on where's
all the bugs we'll get them well Cody
give Jackson a hug okay we'll get this
over there we'll get that pool water
okay guys are you ready for this are you
ready Cody do you know what we're gonna
get oh yeah that's right Jackson's gonna
be so excited this oh look oh my gosh
it's the last one let's get it okay guys
let's cross our fingers and hope this
works
turn the lever uh-oh uh-oh there's no
water oh no they're gonna be sorely
disappointed I hate to be the one to
break the news but I guess I have to
don't shoot the messenger guys just
don't shoot the messenger we don't have
any water here desperate times call for
desperate measures I was feeling all
this stuff up to put in the pool but
Jared the wonderful Jared figured it out
don't worry that garbage can this clean
um I got this much with water but he
figured it out so we go okay let's
tighten this bad boy up I didn't even
know we had this guy in here but a kid
is tight dr. Jana oh I hear water I hear
water
here's the hose there's the hose there's
the hose then so let's follow the hose
we gotta follow the hose gotta follow
the hose laughing
there it is hahahaha cue all kids cry
that's so fun isn't it alright are you
guys having fun Jackson II having fun
yeah Boston are you having fun Cody are
you having fun Olivia are you having fun
oh my goodness oh my gosh oh my goodness
you're crazy
good go gotta go gotta go gotta go gotta
go gotta go gotta go gotta go go
dad's crazy hello Olivia Cody bye sir
you have it fine yeah I think this looks
like so much fun
how fun is this cowabunga
Olivia's having the time of her life
cowabunga that's fun and Cody he doesn't
even want to get wet but he's enjoying
this okay come on yeah it is so fun to
have a little sleepover with these
kiddos okay guys
what blanket are you guys
Cody can I tell you why the penguin is
so special to me I have a sir your name
on you remember that hope I had I had
hip surgery when I was in the hospital
your aunt Ellie made this blanket very
special just for me and when I went home
all the way to Washington I slept with
that blanket every night because it
reminded me of your aunt Ellie did you
know that and somewheres on here on a
peg on right here hey did a little
marker and it says Jared and Ellie I did
that six years ago seven years ago now
almost Wow can't believe that no this
blanket is so special to me it's very
special and I'm glad that you guys are
using it okay now the little border you
and I was really little baby I got my
Wow have your monkey right here right
yes you can't pee on it
yeah don't feel like it or the blanket
guys I'm so excited that you're here for
a sleepover this is so much fun we're
gonna stay up playing games and eating
pizza and watching movies and having
popcorn
oh yeah and playing at the park yeah
yeah tomorrow we'll play in the pool
again that was fun okay guys thanks so
much for watching we will see you
tomorrow
where we are gonna have a lot of fun kay
goodbye say bye say bye bye
the other two babies are upstairs
sleeping you have to party quietly say
goodbye
