Jackson Jackson Oh
how come you keep hiding in the corner
you can just run in the corner anything
oh I'm safe oh did you snatch that you
even opened it up he's got a piece of it
you know what I was gonna want the whole
thing actually I'm not even that that's
amazing
oh my god let me take it
hey good Hey right again okay I got
pregnant again very good okay okay right
we got this fiery one good morning guys
welcome to our one take Sunday Jared yes
take that topped off please what did we
talk about earlier oh man okay it's mom
dad impressed we've talked a little bit
before about how Jarrod's getting a
little bit of gray well today boom boom
boom I said review we said Jared oh my
goodness like it's all on the sides of
your head now is Kevin be honest in sees
by waking up so much in the night is it
stressing you out look at all that gray
hair I am definitely going gray and I
don't think it's because of stress I
think it's because of genetics thank you
grandparents and parents who turned gray
at an early age thank you very much but
you have a good head Jackson just
whipped his stuff bye Jackson
are you looking for the baby
he always comes in here says baby oh oh
you have bobby pins Jackson you found
mommy's hair stuff yeah hey guys so well
let me say real quick first okay I think
I'd rather have gray hair than knowing
yeah I do yeah I like to have a full
head of hair I don't think Jackson has
really been feeling all that well he
woke up several times last night with
several bad diapers I just don't think I
don't know you look good but I don't
maybe his tummy's a little upset
Jared and have been hanging out
morning and Calvin and I have been
resting a lot this morning it's felt
really good to literally lay in bed with
Kevin get some cuddle time in he I know
I've said this before but I really I'm
so proud of myself he is such a good
eater I feel like we've been doing
really good at breastfeed I feel like
he's gaining weight and I think that
like doing lots of cuddle times
definitely helped with that
sure go downstairs oh yeah you want to
get on dad's back Jennsen oh do you want
to go to my back or do you want to get
you want to walk down yourselves oh he
loves backs I always have to do them ok
those connectors and anyway Calvin and I
just got added but not that long ago and
I've been starting on dinner and I think
I'm going to do it what's at Ellie's
belly soon I if it's if it's really easy
to cook I'll cook I really don't like
especially like if having Calvin I don't
like to cook a whole time but I'm going
to get the hand oven I already made this
as zucchini I that didn't melt all the
way but it is cooked it is so yummy
zucchini and what's the other thing you
want squash something yellow squash and
then I've got some rolls which are done
do you mind taking them out of the oven
and then that those potatoes potatoes
I'm losing my mind here people it was
look good I'm excited
I say dinner but it's more it's kind of
like on Sundays we usually have lunch
yeah we usually have like a combined
lunch and dinner we just have like a
really big meal in between because we
just don't like waiting all the way for
dinner we have breakfast and then we go
to church somebody that's where we go
homey yeah by the time you go home from
church you're like okay I'm ready to eat
and I'm ready to eat something amazing
and then huge dinner and then that's
like whoa easy and then sometimes you
take a nap on Sunday I don't really ever
take naps I'm not a napping person but
Ellie loves the take naps yeah well your
family my all my family members like to
take naps - but I don't nap on Sundays
that's one thing so here's a tradition
that we had in my house and we may have
already talked about this but after
church on Sunday we'd come home and we'd
have rich crackers and salsa it's
just like you dip the rich crackers and
salsa and then we'd have dinner and then
most of the time we you know the family
would like take a nap on Sunday and then
what we would do is this is when we were
really young we would sneak and we'd
watch The Simpsons and my dad didn't
really like that because he didn't
really like the Simpsons but we thought
the Simpsons were hilarious this
conversation to have we I could be wrong
my parents I think I was the only one of
my friends a lot of our citizens yeah
the end home are always did the right
thing right if there's always a good
lesson out of The Simpsons the first 29
minutes of it aren't that you know good
value teaching okay I really like the
senses I think it's funny I like a lot I
think comedy is funny I like I think
comedy is funny yeah no I think the
Simpsons are great but we would always
sneak the Simpsons whenever after church
like at 7:00 o'clock and we'd go
downstairs and we try and sneak it and
my dad didn't like that but he grew to
love it
we would be like dad just watch it for
like two minutes and you'd be like no no
I don't want to and then you kind of
just linger a little bit and then you'd
hear him laughing joking like see that
it's not bad it's funny you're laughing
at it so Jackson Oh have six months for
Christmas yes six months cool actually
the other day because it was Julie's
birthday right 25th of June it's six
months of Christmas yeah I do so we are
halfway almost halfway through the year
isn't that crazy
so what Ellie and I wanted to do today
is we wanted to kind of go through our
goals that we set in January and see
where we are see what we can do better
and just kind of like reestablish them
have we done a good job it's just six
months ago that we made our goals and I
don't I think you've done good on your
goals I've tried really hard on my goals
one in particular that has been probably
the hardest goal that I've done every
get tempted so much dr. pepper I had a
goal at the very start to limit myself
to like two sodas a week and then on my
birthday I just completely eliminated
dr. pepper
yeah it was really hard for me and then
we'd have like these big projects where
I'd have to stay up late and I need like
dr. pepper has like know if I'm gonna do
this I just got to completely cut it out
so as of my birthday I have not had a
dr. pepper and I've been going strong
yeah or or any pop yeah you know I
should have just made it dr. pepper that
way I could about other soda drinks I
think what the root beer once in a while
is fun but you see you're tempting me
right now she's tempting me guys don't
piss me dancing around Jackson is having
fun and I think I think with Jackson and
the new baby he's he's growing like his
personalities change dying and
everything spin spin spin spin
yeah well he would be like okay like I'm
this is probably a bad question to say
Jackson do you wanna go see Cody yeah
we'll have to go and stop by and say
hello
we will now that we've said go for
dessert yeah we'll go take a visit say
yeah yeah please say fold your arms No
yeah good I love that you gotta like do
dessert you think please so my other
goal was to go to the gym as much as I
can and I have been working out as a lot
with Calvin it has been pretty difficult
but I don't want that to be an excuse I
want to really work out and so I'm I'm
kind of reestablishing my efforts right
now re committing myself and with goals
and I think that's the important thing
when you have goals you have to have
times where you say okay this is my goal
this is what I have done this is what I
need to do this is what I'm going to do
you have to read
how do you weight your goals and you
have to change and adapt them as you go
along to keep yourself motivated and
going don't you think le you didn't hear
anything I just said did you yes I agree
with everything you say Jared because
I'm a wonderful supporting life I can't
remember all the ones that I had but I
feel like I've been doing good with the
cooking I want to do more cooking videos
but that's just it's like a lot of
effort to do those and one time I just
I'm kind of waiting until I feel a
little more well I was gonna say yeah
when you just had a baby the baby's only
one month oh yeah well it's not too bad
so yeah I don't know I planned me I have
three videos I want to do one with my
dad soon as his being and then I want to
do on the mom and then I have a cue that
I want to do yeah well that's good do
you what about your other goals do you
remember yeah we need to do better about
that
we're doing yeah I think I think we've
been out I just kicked the broom um I
think we've done pretty well with our
goal so you can always do better and I
think that's why we're doing this is
because we want to do better
the other goal that I had was my my
personal channel and I music is hard
guys music is difficult so those who put
out regular music on their challenge
channels I applaud them like they it is
a lot of work to write produce and do
all of these things I think I'm gonna
start doing other stuff on my channel
too what do you think about that Ellie
should I start doing other stuff on my
channel instead of just music that way I
can start putting out more content we're
kind of discussing this as we fail when
Jared does miss me that he like does all
the mastering and stuff and that's what
takes a long time well I was yeah what I
was saying is that it just it takes a
lot longer to for the whole process then
then people think and I was saying it
you know those who do like good job for
them because you just bought that toy
and I thought you gotta buy that you
gonna do a review on that for people
let me know in the comments down below
what kind of stuff you'd like to see on
my channel do you guys want to see
challenges do you guys want to see like
the techy gadgety stuff that I like to
get like the reviews and that's that
yeah it's my channel it so you can kind
of like what I want but let me know what
you guys think I should do the comments
down below for my channel oh wait what
did he just eat a treat a little animal
crackers my Instagram the other day you
can have treats before dinner and that's
not gonna be in my house drink before
dinner
you like your little treats before
dinner you should be thankful your mom
is Ellie
you have to hey I think it's okay yeah
well guys this is my family right here
let me flip this up so I can see this is
my family right here guys I love them so
much I'm so grateful for them and I
think on Sundays especially you should
have you know take a little bit more
time out of the day to be grateful for
the things that you have don't you think
amen yeah that's the vlog for you today
guys thanks for watching have a
wonderful week - oh when you guys are
watching this is Monday this is the
start of your week make it awesome
motivational Monday right right Ali give
Calvin a kiss or just say hi oh yo ant
or lick him either way
give him a kiss point you he's pointing
to his nose I'll see where his noses
give your brother a kiss oh yeah good
job he actually did his nose yeah he's
doing his nose that's so great
good job good job buddy you can pick
your nose you can pick your friends but
you can't you can pick your brother's
nose I think we just we just change that
you know all right guys thanks for
watching the vlog we'll see you guys
tomorrow
bye oh you're saying goodbye say bye
thumbs up thumbs up everybody okay see
you later bye bye
Cody
