and then there's Jared the runner-up
he's gonna run into money believe I can
tell
you
Kalvin good morning ah
isn't it crazy how you can tell a
newborn is happy he like is so happy
good morning Jackson say hi baby good
morning hi I bet your bathroom oh thank
you our morning routine i breastfeed
Calvin chair and Jackson go eat and then
Jared brings me food would you bring
often has breast fist yeah um I brought
you some free lips and a special k bar
huh which by the way Jackson and that
over
he's preggers Ellie how many did you
have last night and we bought that box
last night and they this is love this is
the last they're yummy they're like
little mini mini something else Thank
You Jackson for this okay well I've been
looking at Calvin and I think he's
acting so happy this morning but you can
tell he's happy whoa
you didn't tell me my hair look like
this huh Calvin can we show everyone
that you're so happy
Calvin he's so happy this morning I can
tell I think he's gonna start cooing
soon full belly a lot of sleep Calvin
slept so good last night he slept so
good he ate it in turn he ate it
midnight because he ate it 3:30 and then
a seven good boy good job now go lay in
his bed hello brother
literally brother ah I want to catch you
where you're so happy my boys how much
he's gaining weight yeah call you're
getting big 50 P I did a buddy hey
little buddy
hey hey how are you
good morning guys Jackson and I are off
to a very early start today we've got a
run to the store and get a few things
for the computer and as well we've got
to fill up on those things that mom was
eating those special k bars cause she
ate the whole bar last night
can you believe that Jackson she's so
crazy like that
she's just so crazy I think we might
come here a little too often when the
very first thing that happens with me to
walk in his Jackson says baa-baa baa-baa
he knows exactly where to go he's
looking in the directions like okay
where are they where are those balls I
need to have a ball while we're driving
around here I need to have a ball do you
want to go get a ball and they don't
have what I'm looking for so we're gonna
have to go to another store buddy how do
you think about that
Wow yeah let's go to another store at
least we got what mom was looking for
she got her little crisps so we can go
home a little bit happy the front yard
almost all morning we have some fun
little broom toys that we've been
playing with I've got I've been out here
with him because there is the copious
weed that's so bogie I would have been
so sad if you would have stepped on that
or something so come on Jared's little
leather glove and a little tool the only
tool that I that we really have that I'm
gonna try and get out I didn't even need
the glove but I just pulled that all out
that would have been so sad that like
sprung up and I didn't even know that it
was there can you see that anyone notice
what's going on there nice clean TV and
a little rent huh that's where is it a
finger said he stands here and dodges
the TV it's all nice and clean except
that little spot I'll find little finger
prints I've got some tummy time going on
look at that cute little body look at
those new legs oh look at those little
legs you're doing so good look at those
big feet guys it's the summertime it's
lunchtime
we are hungry so yesterday we went to
the grocery store and we picked up just
a couple little steaks for Ellie and I
to have some awesome ones haven't been
using my grill as much as I want to but
we've got to kick it up into gear I want
to use my grill I want to practice I'm
gonna get better and steak is the way to
do it you're ready Ellie we're gonna
have some steak the grill is hot all
right and ready for cooking
oh man
boy watch it sizzle make it curl I'm
excited I can make some ready oh yeah
what a fun little lunch date this is
Calvin you get a join Jackson has to
sleep bake I guess you'll join us on our
lunch date Jackson's gonna wake up to a
nice surprise some stinks is so fun you
got some shade going on on I did a
little patio actually like really nice
oh it feels good the shade and
everything with the umbrella it's like
super nice yeah I like it just feels
good you know what a Saturday afternoon
you know alrighty let's take a look-see
at the progress oh my goodness Ellie I
think these might be the best ones I've
done yet let's take a look
oh man oh I think these are ready to
come off you excited yeah I'm excited
it was urban so excited for lunch and
I've also never been so excited for nap
time because like Jared this is like our
date this is like a little date as it is
this is like a fun lunch day for us
Ellie made a delicious salad what's in
it um strawberries rubbery cashews no
like caramelized covered cashews I have
this in the hospital I had Calvin and I
ordered it every day for lunch because
it was so yummy so I hope it tastes is
yummy yes that looks really good and I
put I it really you snuck a bite
okay okay okay
sure now the reveal of the steak oh man
I really think they look good they might
be a little bit more cook than I want
but I think I'm really happy with the
way that they've turned out but the only
real way to tell is to cut it and taste
it so Ellie let's do it let's do it you
go first you pick use your steam come up
from it oh the inside looks good
Massey talks good you know it's good
pretty happy as that yeah I think so
somehow some way through the moves
through all the changes that we've gone
through well we have ended up with only
one steak knife so Ellie and I are
passing the knife back and forth and I'm
just like okay okay I need another bite
the steak is actually really good and
this salad is so good
like I have tried making it sound so
hard you think they're easy but every
time I go out there cells are so good
but this is good as I found really good
vinaigrette dressing for what yeah I
just like I'm really happy with the way
that the meat cook your turn it looks it
looks a lot Pinker in the camera than it
actually is but I was definitely going
for like a meeting I like a medium steak
and this is like right where I want it
it's perfect I'm so happy like like I
honestly I haven't grilled a ton but I'm
like proud of myself we are on a lunch
date I'm sorry I I'm so excited about my
steak that I had to call my friends oh
what's that
that's funny
all right Jack you got your swim trunks
on no you're wearing your 1940s awesome
outfit that's what you're wearing look
at this
tiffen this acute is outfit ever the
bathing suit I mean I'm impressed checks
and I wish I had one of those okay let's
get going let's get ready to rock and
roll we'll go swimming in the pool
birthday
you're for birthday know what happy
birthday Noah we're gonna come we have a
gift and we're gonna come over to bring
it to you I don't think we're gonna film
all that much because one it's not our
party and it's a special occasion so I
know that they're gonna have their
camera so I don't know actual film but
maybe a little clip of Jackson sent me I
think that'd be fun
hey you to Jackson that's the birthday
boy so you push him in the back just
because he's younger than you doesn't
mean you're the boss of him no I quit
you won't be younger but he's definitely
bigger he can beat you up Jackson yeah
have you seen his dad he's so tall
these boys are so cute happy birthday
Noah okay all righty
of course Jared's chasing Jackson he's
running a million miles a minute
so we can what if he does this cute
woohoo I almost fell in I literally
almost fell in our camera would have
been done for Lucas ow space
give him five Jackson see ya Jared can
you go sit by the babe and this is where
Calvin is going to sit and relax look at
him his belly is so full
you're so full and you're just gonna say
sitting back let the nice warm breeze go
by smile oh yeah
what did he seem to be lovin it yeah cuz
I said one two three any like jumps and
and the big pool yeah I'm sure he'll do
it in the big pool if you want yeah okay
one oh you little stinker hello runt we
tricked you are you gonna jump in with
dad one okay jumping a dead one
- he's laughing
jump on out look Jessie we can mom look
at mom
Hey whoa he just dunked him he seemed a
lot he was okay he didn't care
so he doesn't like dinner - not really
Jackson why don't you like it
why don't you like it
come on come on like it doesn't like
being an inner-tube
piece oh okay that's funny he doesn't
like him
ask you are those boys
and then there's Jared the runner-up
he's gonna run all right guys did you
have fun
Jackson do you have fun of Noah's
birthday yeah I think they're having
some fun right now there you're so
distracted with the gift huh well happy
birthday Noah thanks for inviting us to
your party
yeah baby ever yes so he's the cutest
baby ever
yeah oh yeah man move clip Pete named
crow uh-huh we're reading the blue
little blue truck it's almost like he
can like do a country song out of it are
you ready yeah call him kitty you want
to get mad at me but I'm gonna do my
best home went beep an engine purr the
friendliest little sounds he ever did
heard little blue truck came down the
road beats that blue to the big ring to
toe tech robber with the wink of an eye
when the little blue truck went rolling
by sheep sat back outside move point set
a piggy beep said blue Cook said chicken
and her chick said beep Massa to cook a
goat a goat blue said beep nanny said a
horse quack suited up beep said to
friendly little blue truck okay go go go
- ok see you tomorrow
say bye say thanks for watching the vlog
today
happy birthday Noah thanks for inviting
me to your pool party thanks for
inviting me to your booth dad so full
jobs
ok full dreams good good yeah can you
say goodbye give us a thumbs up
you know sums up
close enough okay goodnight
