oh my gosh it's coming close or anything
Jackson
good morning guys
Calvin gang Jared and I the run for our
money last night Calvin Calvin why are
you awake even in the morning you're
supposed to sleep I have shut the door
with me and the kids in Jared's working
and I have got to get these kids bathed
I've got to get the mace and I have to
get myself ready there's a diaper
there's a diaper there's three diapers
on there like I am going to get us ready
and then I could get me ready and we're
gonna have a good day but I seriously
all of these buns need to be washed even
like we gotta get going Joanne go say hi
to baby brother let's go say hi to
Calvin come here Joel go say hi to
Calvin we like to say good morning to
Calvin every morning huh okay okay say
good morning oh he wants the water good
job cake he's gonna go in the tub and
he's gonna go on the seat Kevin Calvin's
rusty it is now my turn to get ready and
Jackson has learned really fast
that when this is closed dad's working
and he usually lays at the foot of the
door and like yells for dad and he has
learned really fast that if he is in
here I'm Jared's lap he has to be quite
hold still and be quiet and he'll sit
here and do really well if he's gonna
learn to take over the editing job he's
gonna learn how to do it so this is the
best way Jackson you know when you do
the command bracket oh it'll end the
clip on the other side if you do on the
other bracket it'll close it down on
that so I see it's really easy Jackson
and you just have space for the plane
and then then when you're all done you
just do file share and then export Oh
okay it's really really simple you know
it's you got it you think you can take
over cool carry an accent it's all yours
bye guys start working Ellie I think we
need to go I think we just need to get
out of here I think we just need to get
up off of that thing and get out of this
house get up off that thing and get out
of this house almost over we I know I've
been working all day on some exciting
stuff I want it's not four o'clock oh my
gosh it's 3:30 it's almost 4:00 Ellie
day we need to be more precise I was
just telling Ellie a few days ago that
we need to start going on more walks I
mean you start getting outside more and
I think that's exactly what we're gonna
do what happened what happened your butt
oh did he root toot-toot uh can I tell
you something you may tell me so he's in
the middle of feeding Calvin and Jackson
ran in the room smiled rubbed Calvin's
head and then ran off the first two
weeks that we had Calvin home yeah there
is no way I would have even trusted
leaving Jackson and Calvin sitting
together even if I was there I went I
didn't trust him yeah did you know and
when we took family pictures that alone
was very hectic it was like we were
right there to her dad Calvin just not
the picture and then grab him because he
just we can't even trust him sitting
next to him he's looking at your AK yeah
and and I feel like it Jackson's just
warmed up and has been so good with
Calvin I still wouldn't ever trust him
alone
but you know till he sit together me be
there I wouldn't put him in the room and
the closet door and be like okay guys go
play you know it's just I just am really
proud that Jackson's warming up and
though he does poke eyes a lot he's
Jackson is in the middle of learning
while all the body parts are he's
learning what a belly button is he's
learning our nose our mouth jaw and he
just really likes the eyes bulge arms
anyway he's just learning and I think
it's fun to have brother baby brother
Calvin here for him to kind of poke out
and stuff so I don't know it
been really fun in our tutoring I think
it's kind of true but you know what
Calvin that was that was me too I was
the youngest and I was the guinea pig
and you know what I turned out fine and
I got some I Pope's yeah you wanna know
a Bonnie did you miss a drill once
throwback Thursday she like almost
drilled my butt literally I was wearing
overalls and she took the drill turned
on and it went through my overalls that
could have been that would have been
major damage okay haha anyway let's go
to the part don't be scared don't be
scared
this quarter to park how fun is this we
decided to come over and just let jacks
and kind of run in this like open grass
area and there must be some family
reunions going on and people are in
these like oh there's tons of duck poop
well it's kinda gross people are in
these paddleboards pile boards and boats
this is so fun and there's ducks over
here there's tons of ducks to look at
how fun we're kind of in a poopy area
legitimately this is not the place I
thought we were at I think we're higher
up let's walk a little further ah yes
this is starting to look a little bit
familiar to me it was down this road
right here gosh it must have been three
years ago now maybe four you're trying
we know we filmed it but I don't think
we posted it I think this is before we
started posting on YouTube but we were
starting to film to like practice as
funny as that sounds but we were down
here just kind of playing around with
Bonnie and Joel and Olivia was Cody
boring up
I think Cody was born but we were
running down this road and I was playing
with Olivia and we were playing like tag
or keep away or something and I was
running backwards like this I was I was
running backwards and and then she threw
something or I think she hit me she just
hit me right in the you know where and I
went down for the count and we're trying
to remember like do we have that
footages anywhere and I don't think we
have it anywhere so it kind of makes me
sad but this brings back a lot of
memories do you see any
Jarrid how come we have not gone to your
family's cabin because we have a newborn
that's why that's exactly why but but
this just made me want to go up just
being here right and I was just like I
want to go fishing so bad
we have poles why haven't we gone yet I
don't know Jackson loved it just running
in the dirt oh my god I have a lot of
like fun things idea but I have to
remember I have a one month old I'm like
yeah one month old yeah
Cal you're one man I was thinking about
this while we were driving here and
while we were talking about where we
used to live I really think that you
cannot run you don't take advantage of
the places that you live because you
always go on trips and you go to
different places to experience different
things but you don't really take
advantage of the full things that you
have where you are and I think because
we're in Utah there's so many beautiful
amazing places that we can go to that
we're just not taking advantage of and
and that's like we need to start going
on more walks we need to experience like
these mountains like not everywhere in
the world has amazing mountains like
this so we Ellie we need to do it I mean
you start doing more stuff you're gonna
try and get in the water buddy hey we're
gonna go swimming and we're gonna go
swimming tomorrow and Noah's birthday
party you excited about that
I'm aunt Nelly that's our little guy
isn't that amazing
ready yeah it's crazy to think that in
just a blink of an eye
he's we went from trying and struggling
and everything and now we've got a
little boy who's running you know and
we've got one boy he's just right there
like I feel Charlie came true after I
had Jackson and I would I had a dream
that I had another baby right away but
it was a girl you were supposed to be a
girl but it's just crazy to think how
our lives have changed and how blessed
we are with each of our kids and how how
our love is so strong for each of them
but yes so differently for each of them
don't you let mama steer you wrong
you're supposed to be a boy you know
Jackson look right over there do you see
the Ducks
take me here jeez no here's what you say
Jackson Aflac Aflac
did that work I think that's pretty cool
to see all those ducks hi guys
big duck - duck seek him here
look at all those look at all those
decks oh my gosh it's coming close or
anything Jackson look the geese um but I
do you see the geese yeah hi
dice and baked beans hold the spoon can
you do it
yay you're only eating those cuz they
taste so yummy grandpa made some baked
beans and they seriously like sweet
beans they're really yummy and Jax has
been devouring them are you excited for
the weekends I'm excited for the freakin
weekend many of about gonna have you
some fun
yes we're gonna have a good weekend
we're gonna end the flog Calvin is wide
awake oh you are - wait Calvin can
against my up cooker smile sometimes
he'll give me a little half-smile okay
we'll see you tomorrow okay and you're
gonna be you're gonna be a lot bigger
cuz you're getting so big seriously okay
guys look at Calvin like look at his
neck he is filling out so much so good
his arms and his little legs like he's
still so tiny but he is getting so much
bigger yes you are okay we'll see you
tomorrow good bye good bye
Jackson go Jackson go go like this see
that so go thumbs up
were you teaching how to thumbs up soon
thumbs up
