I just got home with Calvin and Jarrod
fell asleep editing notice the treats by
his side he looks
hi
hi you fell asleep
uh-huh
you were snoring was a really you're
totally awful how I called you and then
I had to film you
on the road again I can't wait to be on
the road again oh my goodness I'm not
even sure if those are the words that I
just sang right
anyway we are on the road again don't
you love it and we do you love it are
you having a bite I do I do love it I'm
just tell my yard tell me tell me how
you are tell me how you doing
I'm tired good they are heavy wool not
me Jared's heading to Salt Lake City he
has a meeting I could go but I really
just want to stay home with the two kids
so I'm actually going to go stop my moms
because it's the halfway mark and I'm
just gonna hang out there she doesn't
even know I'm coming oh that's exciting
we have two kids crying okay Jackson
this is this is how you get Jackson to
stop by hey Jackson can you do that yeah
can you go yeah we Texas Jackson fold
your arms yeah okay I seriously he's
changed so much in the past two weeks
with the bows I seriously feel like two
weeks he is like grown up so much more
but anyway let's roll the intro roll the
intro oh wait we already we already did
the entry on the rind next clip maybe I
should have gone with cherish the house
is locked kids are crying and a ton of
cereal just got spit all over the floor
come on we pick up Jared are you still
there
see you later
this was the plan Jared was gonna go and
I was gonna rest but now I'm crying
because I want to go with them and now I
don't nothing is all over the place
I seriously feel like a hot mess it's
like I seriously feel like all over the
place all morning Oh real life was part
of to the baby you love him you love him
you being socked won't be softer though
I am doing a little bit better
seriously Jared and I had just got off
the phone like 10 times I'm like Kate
come back and get me
never mind I don't get me Kate come back
and get me I don't know what is wrong
I've been all over the place but I'm
gonna go ahead and just take care of my
kiddos I'm gonna try and play with them
I'm gonna try and rest while Jared goes
and does his thing and I'll see you when
he gets home so I am here at City Creek
in salt
and I have a lunch meeting today and I'm
pretty excited about it because it's
kind of a new project that we're going
to be working on in the future so
fingers crossed that everything works
out
- outside yeah okay we'll go find the
rocks seriously what a good nap will not
do I feel so much better and I told my
mom I'm like I kinda was all over the
place this morning but guess what you
got a nap and I got a nap and I just
filmed the post part of update for my
channel that goes up on Friday and I had
a while you guys ask questions and I
answer them and one of the questions was
like do you have any baby blues and I
was like I'm actually doing really well
but I I find myself if I don't get a lot
of sleep the night before the next day I
like break down over anything and he is
just cuz I'm pure exhausted but I
seriously feel so much better after a
nap I'm glad that I'm here I'm glad I
didn't go with Jared because I just
would have been so exhausted so we all
got naps and I am following this little
guy around grandma grandpa's yard I'm
just gonna follow him around and where's
the rock where's the bikes we need to go
find the rock pile I'll come say that
bye mama
look up here let me help you
I'll help you 1 2 3
Marat
hey where's the doggie say
yeah be careful I'm watching whoa
you have play on up here all by yourself
don't even have to share with anyone
else though it's funner when cousins are
here huh
whoa jump somewhere
alright guys that was a lot of fun
thanks for having lunch with me thanks
Jared we'll see you guys later bye okay
we just had an awesome lunch meeting and
I'm super excited about what's going
down but it's I think we've got some
exciting stuff I've got one more stop
that I need to make and I think you guys
might know exactly what I'm gonna get
I hope you like it Ellie did it taste
good just kidding don't eat it
oh I start just kidding that's not an
Oreo no he's like you swallows me enough
I'm done I know I don't get that very
often huh hey bud have fun with mom yeah
you had fun Thank You handsome daddies
give me a kiss huh I've got a surprise
for you okay Allie are you excited you
excited to see what I got you okay open
it up cuz I know you are huh excited I
know baby boo it's a cute little box huh
Oh Molly
oh that's shaving cream that's shaving
cream they said hey what do you like and
I was like oh I'm just getting stuff for
my wife and they're like oh we'll do
shape I said do I shave everyone's there
Molly as I do so I got some shaving
cream sample keep that box forever
fucking-a cannot cut this tree um yes
there's my handy dandy Leatherman yeah
the Beast well that's how I roll Ellie
is it bad that we have like seven
different pocket knifes on her chest sir
well they're handy my gift
Oh rub rub rub shower scrub you know
that's right
lemony flutter cuticle butter you know
it Tender is the night massage bar we
wouldn't have it any other way
gorgeous facial moisturizer facial
moisturizer the comfortable bubble bar
and secure bath bomb bubble bars a bath
bombs all day long Thank You Provence
like don't feel your presence I can get
you go get our baby I love this that's
so cute I just thought thank you you
know because you like your little bath
bombs and bubble bars and everything and
I just figure a little gift bag would be
fun just it's just fun to do that every
once in a while don't you think oh that
means she wants the kiss thank you happy
day this is there's no particular reason
other than you are awesome yeah well I
think that's gonna do it for us today
guys thank you so much for watching the
video today we hope you guys have a
wonderful day
you're gonna go take it back and I'm
probably gonna edit this vlog I think
that's what I'm gonna do
we'll see you guys tomorrow which is
Thursday and should we do throwback
Thursday tomorrow
no no we'll see we'll see you guys
tomorrow you'll find out tomorrow
bye le le le le
