Jackson what do you see is it he can't
get down fast enough what is it oh I'll
get it
good morning everybody
or should I say good afternoon Jared was
up oh oh so late last night editing the
GoPro footage and so Ivan up with the
kids and Jackson's asleep Calvin's
asleep I keep rocking him so he'll stay
asleep and then I'm editing my one month
at work Calvin's one month update for
tomorrow and can we all just get an aw
look look at that oh not my face his
face don't you just want to pick him up
and put him in you look at that look at
his little ear on the left that is so
your ear Jared looks at baby of ours
he's like changed so much already oh my
goodness has a he oh yeah oh we have two
boys I love them anyway my video is up
we will have the link down below
goodness
this has been so crazy this past month I
love him I love Jackson Jackson has been
loving on him I did cry this morning
though Jared I did cry Jackson's been
soft with Calvin a lot and today when
Jackson gets excited though he hits but
it's not he's not hitting he's just
excited yeah and so I was trying to be
calm like no Jackson be softer and he
was soft but he was just excited and he
was just really going crazy and I
couldn't contain them and he was like
hitting his head and I kept trying to
move Jackson anyway I started crying so
I was just overwhelmed because I
couldn't get a handle the two but um the
tears went away and Jackson went down
for a nap so now I'm good
hey I love you MA thank you for letting
me sit you today we're gonna go to
Walmart so we can buy some things to fix
up the house a little bit are you
excited at the house yeah don't you want
to fix up the house don't want to make
it fresh and nice and new okay we'll go
out to lunch so I am wearing my glasses
today I kind glasses ever since I was
about in sixth grade I think and
immediately after I got my glasses I
wanted contacts
not that glasses are bad or anything I
just played sports and everything and
having contacts were a lot easier than
having glasses every once in a while
contacts will get dry contacts will get
itchy I'll scratch my eye and I captain
wear my glasses and that is exactly what
happened I'm pretty sure this morning
when I put in my contacts I'm pretty
sure I scratched my cornea or something
like that my I put in my contacts and
immediately I was just like oh and you
can't to take it out immediately because
it hurts so bad so I'm wearing my
glasses today when I'm wearing my
glasses I keep thinking man like I
should just get like LASIK eye surgery
or something like that and so that made
me think have any of you guys have LASIK
eye surgery to get your eyes corrected I
mean I've had my glasses for such a long
time and the prescription hasn't changed
very much over the course of how old am
I I can't mask 15 years or so
um but let me know what you guys think
if if that's even a good option is that
something I should do I'm not even sure
but it's not that I don't like glasses I
just would prefer not to wear them if I
had a choice I think I look friggin good
in these glasses don't get me wrong I
can't do that very well I can't do the
eyebrow whoo whoo but anyway that's just
what I was thinking
Ellie are you doing I was gonna come in
and film you sleep the whole family
except me Calvin
Ellie and then on that Walt Jackson
happened to sleep for the past two hours
and I'm like that's family wind family
wind for nap time how'd you sleep good
good that's like I just want that oh you
you literally did just like it this guy
had an apple I was working huh we were
good office buddies huh
yeah you made a little route to - huh
yeah not even a little it was ginormous
we might have to change her diaper even
really what happens when you take your
car for an oil change and you have a
two-hour wait and you have to get it
done today
you walk everywhere you walk to Walmart
well that guy was not watching I was
clearly going straight I have my child
right here we have a two-hour wait and
so we are on our way to Walmart because
Walmart was just across the street from
the car and we've got to get some things
and fix up the house yeah we had to go
to Walmart but when we were on the
airplane I told you guys that I am going
to start looking for a double stroller
but when we were flying Southwest this
whole thing ripped look at that at all
ripped this is not sad
this is like a new stroller to like
Graco just resend it to me because put
my other one frog but I don't know kind
of lame I'm kind of disappoint
son I am disappoint Jackson what do you
see Oh what is it he can't get down fast
enough what is it Oh get it
say ball sorry say ball ball
Sabo I'm gonna go get a shopping cart
Ellie okay
you're pretty happy with yourself like
how cool this is China I think just one
will place just one look come here
of course they put pop next to it
whoo-hoo Marco Marco Marco Marco hey hey
you're supposed to say polo polo found
you
take time to touch the leaf so he's like
get that out of my face I am so proud of
Jared something that he has been doing
very well up Gatorade he has not had any
pops as his birthday I have an Edison
very hard I have been tempted many many
many many many many many times but I
have not succumb to the temptation I
have stayed strong held true to my core
values and beliefs yeah he's done really
well he has not had any pot we still
have a few root beers in the fridge for
when his birthday was a month or
whatever ago and I've been the one to
drink them so yeah Gatorade it is
usually if we ever go grab a drink but
part of you Jared you know what I was
thinking the other day Ellie what when
we used to live in our old apartment we
would go on walks all the time every day
after I got home from work we would go
on a walk before we had Jackson and
after we had Jackson and it was fun
going on a walk with you today I don't
love being out in the warm weather
Society loved it yeah and it just makes
me think like I want to are you trying
to show off to the camera he's showing
up to the camera it just makes you think
like we should we need to start going on
more walks like we used to because that
was just so much fun I agree we got to
sit we got to think we got to talk and
plan things out that's what I liked yeah
uh-huh
now since we've been home it's been good
to like be home yeah you know we have a
pretty big milestone today Calvin is one
mud old and he's getting so big I know
his body he's growing up he's getting
longer
he still weighs less than what Jackson
weight whom he was born but he's like
getting heavier like it's so weird
holding him and have him do like be
strong I love that you can see a change
like every single day you can see these
babies change it's incredible and he's
like wide awake right now
my mom says he's kind of Kate Jackson
had angry eyebrows Calvin is scared of
the world
yeah he's gay he's got the my mom said
he has
much white yes so much white when he
looks at you he has so much white okay
you're scared of the world and Cal and
Jackson's angry with me he's angry with
the world um but not only that we had we
had two milestones actually Calvin is
one month old and that's amazing time is
just boom gone by so fast but the other
thing is we have had over 1 million
people help us welcome Calvin into the
world
Calvin's birth video has over 1 million
views on it so I wanted to say thank you
guys for all the love and support like
it's incredible that we we had this
life-changing experience and that others
want to see what's going on
enjoy the moment that we had that we
were able to cherish and hold on to the
surprise oh my goodness oh he's licking
him good but he's so proud of himself
you like yeah I just kiss my brother I
was so soft
I was so gentle seriously like I hover
he's being really soft huh
good job yeah it's like do you want a
pretzel happy sauce should be yeah baby
say baby say baby Calvin I like that he
knows how to say baby yeah I love when
Calvin cries he goes baby baby be cool
oh darn I miss there you are cute you
are so cute and I cannot believe that my
little baby boy is one month old you
should kiss Jackson give him a kiss good
night oh yeah that's his eyeball that's
why he's scared of the world oh you're
cute Calvin Calvin everyone does you so
much
big brother dies big brother loves you a
little too much oh you're good to him he
is Jackson is good Jackson is so good ok
guys I think what we're going to do is
we got family pictures taken when Calvin
was 10 days old and we just got those
officially back so I think
we're going to go ahead and do is we are
going to end the vlog with some little
music and a family slideshow of our
pictures that we got so I hope you
enjoyed the vlog today we enjoyed
getting work done and we're enjoying our
time with our sweet new baby Ellie yes
don't you lie to them you want to end
the vlog early so you can watch The
Bachelorette I am going to buy it I know
your secret I'm gonna be stuck
babysitting and you're watching the
press will read it babysitting it's
called you're a parent that's true yeah
true
yeah you're sitting in we're gonna put
Jackson to bed anyway so yeah I'm just
going to be getting some work done
because you guys know now that we have
our pictures done sometimes too and
we're gonna have new intros
I think our outro video is going to take
profile pictures everywhere I've already
updated my profile in the pictures I
Gotoh he's like okay guys thank you so
much for watching and we will see you
like always
tomorrow week Calvin say goodbye say
goodbye with you tomorrow kisses mom
scary I scared I scary eyes
member
