rise and shine little one rise and shine
hey come here good here
jungle see you baby Calvin baby Calvin
he got take that out oh oh I can hear em
crying cake grab on grab on grab on okay
let's go see baby Calvin and you know
what it'd be really soft he'd be the
baby
guess what Jackson you and baby Calvin
are matching got sit down sit down yeah
that's his nose and that's his hand good
job be soft he gets really excited she
get so excited to see ya I ride you
should we give him a binky so he'll be
quiet
where's his binky on the chair Jackson
you have been so good around Calvin you
have a say baby baby Calvin yeah you
guys are matching today me baby I wish
that we could capture some of the sweet
moments that Jackson has but it's not
like we can really capture them all
tanks we don't know when he's gonna be
so sweet but when Jackson gets really
excited he like kind of hits but I don't
think he's meaning to like hit him he's
just getting excited he does that with
the dogs when he sees dogs but like this
morning he was so cute I was feeding
Calvin Jackson climbed up and I was like
oh great this is gonna be crazy and
Jackson just sat there really calmly it
was like petting Calvin's head yeah he
was petting you like a dog that's okay
though he still loves you but anyway
he's just been really sweet lately and
he's been really happy since we got home
he's all about his dental hygiene
brushing his teeth yeah those look good
good jarm
yeah those look good in strawberryland
early has been running on his tippy toes
I think he's really happy to be home
you ready to go on some errands Jackson
here we go hell I don't care would
Jackson John go see Cody how cute is
that ask him again
hey John go see Boston John go see Cody
what about Olivia all my goodness you
let me literally have conversations with
him we are getting out of the car to go
get Calvin's birth certificate and he
started whining because me and him we're
gonna just stay in the car and Jared
goes walk home with me yeah yeah yeah
yeah it was like grabbing his binky
getting everything ready to go ask him
Oh Gussie Cody yeah don't go see Cody
but a happy boy Houston so happy today
all right Jackson your wish is my
command you're hanging out with Cody boy
yeah that's pretty fun huh you guys
gonna go take this big machine out on
the trail you two go to the peak of the
mountain it's that we're gonna do maybe
drink some power eight or something Cody
then what are you gonna do if you're not
gonna do that you don't want to do that
okay well maybe Joel and I will maybe
we'll do that do you want to come
Jackson do you want to come with us on
the four-wheeler mmm sure thing dad I
think that sounds like a really great
idea slowly what are you doing huh what
are you doing we are gonna make this
thing screaming loud oh man maybe a
little obnoxious probably can we can we
use Tim the tool man Taylor go Joel is
putting a new muffler on here is that
right a new muffler and it's gonna be
way loud you guys will definitely know
when Joel is driving around
well I think all my neighbors might hate
me now so I might have to get rid of
that I don't know it sounds pretty cool
though
now my guess that might be just a little
bit much
it is so
it's louder off of it
oh yeah way louder opposite dude the
power steering on this is like that's
class man that thing is we don't know if
that'll be able to stay and Bonnie might
haven't been over that you got a few
babies times over wake-up call
that's the only way he's ever been able
to eat chicken Jackson not so much here
or here but right here he'd get some
ketchup on your face dude
he's so proud of yourself are you so
proud of yourself huh yeah
I'm dipping in my nuggets I'm dipping in
my nuggets he's so happy right now I
love it so while we were in Florida we
had Jackson wearing some little
flip-flops with a little strap on the
back and they worked okay they fell off
his foot all the time
weren't there best with some of the
traveling that we're going to be doing
this summer we're gonna head up the pool
we're gonna go different places where
it's warm and maybe some more beaches
and we need to get better sandals forms
so we're here at the store the mission
is to find sandals for Jackson and then
goggles for me because I think Joel and
I tonight I'm going to take the
four-wheelers out and have a little
afternoon spin Jackson Jackson has been
running around with this cousin the boys
are getting ready to go for drilling
Bonnie and I are leased I I'm ready for
bed I'm ready we're going to put the
kids down and the boys are going to go
for willing you guys GoPro set up
getting ready
oh here's a GoPro okay where do you try
some GoPro footage and be safe oh yes
one of these days we will actually be
through you will be a pro that's the
goal is to go but go wrong you know you
have a pretty nice aunt to let you
destroy your house Hugo's room to room
and takes out all the toys yep and
there's little airman pieces what
velocity the pieces - no babies this is
a tween toy whoo - I sure enjoy
you
well that was fun thanks Joel for taking
me out on the four-wheelers we always
have a blast when we go on those
machines it's always so fun and it's
always cool to see the beauty of Utah
the mountains up there is just it's
amazing so thanks Joel a couple things
guys that I want to go over first off we
made a home safe and sound Ellie and
Calvin are upstairs Jackson is asleep
and so the house is kind of winding down
we are getting ready to go to bed but I
wanted to talk about one thing you guys
are amazing you guys are so awesome I
can't believe the support that we have
the vlog went up a little bit later
today due to some editing errors and
some YouTube errors and I was tweeting
it out and everything and just talking
about it and the support that you guys
gave me when the video was up late was
so awesome and one's like take your time
you know we totally understand this is
you know what I'm trying to say is thank
you guys for being so supportive and
nice when something goes wrong it cuz it
doesn't happen very often but when it
does I kind of go into panic mode and
I'm like shoot I need to get the video
up I need to get the video up but thank
you guys for your support number two
you guys are awesome again because our
teespring campaign relaunch and that
what that means is enough people
reserved t-shirts on the sea spring
campaign that it will go into launch
like they'll actually make those designs
again so if you go to teespring comm
slash Ellie and Jared if you guys have
been waiting to get your t-shirts and
hoodies you can now do that I'll have a
link down below there will be something
in the sidebar a YouTube card where you
guys can check it out thank you guys
again for all the support that you give
us every single day we do appreciate it
and we do talk about it all the time you
guys are the best and I'll see you
tomorrow bye
