happy Father's Day to me happy Father's
Day mm-hmm happy Father's Day daddy
Jared I want you to do something what
sit on the bed for one sec
good morning guys today is a very very
special day for a few reasons one it is
Father's Day and two it is kelvins
blessing day and this morning I was
taking pictures of Calvin and Jackson
and Jackson was like cuddling and
kissing him and touching his head
maybe we can insert a picture here but
it was really cute on how Jackson's
acting with Calvin but Jared it is
Father's Day and we just got back from a
really big trip uh-huh a really big trip
to Florida yeah and my head I wanted to
get you something but then I thought it
might be best to do this instead but I
wanted so badly to get you a drone oh I
so badly I know you've always wanted one
but that'll have to wait but I got you
something a little small that I hope do
you like can't believe you have two boys
where'd you want where is it I'll get it
um well I was just gonna say like how
lucky am I to have to be the father of
two sons yes like I feel so blessed I
feel so grateful I can mean so much to
me that I can be a father on Father's
Day something I've always wanted and I
have two sons like I love it that
couldn't be any better huh
it seriously wanted to do a drone so bad
hmm I wasn't expecting anything at all -
ansiedad you got are you serious were
you thinking that you were gonna get it
Oh tell me the truth no I completely
forgot about the bees really oh yeah the
moment Jared said something about that
life what was it six months ago two
months ago
I hurried and wrote it down first time
to these these are like that's amazing
headphones wear headphones even editing
with they're over here show them the
headphones you edit wait I don't know
headphone I have been using these to
have it oh and you've been complaining
for every wrong not complaint it's just
like oh man it would be nice to have two
years :
nice comfy one oh my gosh these are like
is that okay this is this is like
amazing
oh you've already done your hair you
don't have to put them on but I think
that I I think that those would be
really nice and useful these are like
the creme de la creme these these are
like some of the best headphones that
you can get especially in their price
range like I'm so excited I love you
thank you thank you mother's day I think
that your patient I think that you're
loving you took Jackson up the escalator
at the airport probably 50 times and
you're so helpful
oh oh oh sorry give me our sons I you
know I think that you're a really really
good dad so you have to speak up I've
got awesome earmuffs on I think you're
the hottest on the world did you hear
that
what Thank You Allie you're welcome
I'm so excited to edit with these I love
you
I love you Robin loves you happy
blessing day Kelvin a baby is that the
baby what do you think of him you've
been warming up lots and kissing him
this morning huh boy say hi Aunt Linda
you're so sweet
cookies just gave you a smile and now I
cry swords kiss suit thank you oh that's
cute yeah she looked at me my glasses in
your good makeup yeah
so we just had the baby blessing and it
went really really well thank you for
letting us be a part of it with you guys
no thank you
and I just think it was it's really cool
and I feel like it's really special one
that we can do it together as family and
two that we can do it on Father's Day I
think that's you know really special and
blessings you know a lot of people in
the comments below we're asking I feel
like yeah what are they like it's kind
of like a christening if your guys are
familiar with that but we essentially
just give the babies a name officially
bless the baby and hope you know
blessing that they'll do well in life
and everything and it's just it's very
special to us we don't film it because
it is very special and important to us
and it's sacred to us so that's why we
didn't film in in church but we wanted
to tell you guys a little bit about it
and basically feel you know say how cool
it is that we can do this on Father's
Day yeah I just wanted to do it you know
all together with you guys and your
family and that's what it's all about is
getting everybody together and just kind
of wishing the baby well yeah sure
making sure everybody knows what they're
in for cos it takes a village to raise a
family to raise a kid and and this is
our village yeah so now that we're all
done with the blessing we have kind of a
big party going on here and we're just
going to be together as family having a
really good time
well we're grateful that you guys are
here on this very special and neat
occasion thank you for bringing food and
helping out decorations setting up I
think everyone's been involved in one
way or another just being here we
appreciate that support we've asked
Scott to give us a lesson on the food
and after that we'll dig in
mm-hm
are you Minnie Mouse yeah ya mean dragon
what didn't what a mean braggin say okay
what do you mean dragon stay I'm gonna
lock you in the done yeah this is a gift
from Bonnie Julie and I and radiation
from the girl yes so this is from the
girls very sweet thank you for
remembering you wrote them happy
Father's Day
your father's dead oh you'll see us on
the old man dot-com I just I think
everyone in the family is kind of
upgrading because we all want nice
pictures and everyone I know it's fun
taking videos of our families who want
good quality so everyone pitched in and
got jab a good camera thank you you're
welcome
so yesterday as we were shooting our bow
and arrows Landon may have just rolled
back well you just don't know your own
strength Lynne and you pull back way too
hard and it just went
we have no idea I think it went through
a next dimension but we have the metal
detector out here we're gonna see if we
can find the arrows somehow some way
let's go let's make sure this thing
actually works okay now I have a metal
pin in my hip let's give it a shot yeah
let's see if it'll get it there you
getting the fence is that what you're
doing with a wee bar from the from this
man hmm okay give it a shot
what are these dogs eating Jarrod's
taking the wheel Jerry take the wheel Oh
mommy there's no longer there yep
where's that a man cup manhole cover
well Landon I think we've all but given
up on our search efforts for these
arrows I think they're gone ma'am no
good it's time to let go
I cannot overlook a child
they shot straight and they shot it's
true I can't do this baby scare up right
before they go guys Cody you're
squishing us Cody guys can I tell you
secret
I tried jumping on the trampoline okay
so the battery died I totally screwed up
my entrance and I got a burn on my knee
we've got to try this one more time and
it's time for the dragon
I'm the dragon a little bit better I was
a little bit better entrance well dad
happy Father's boy go thank you
thanks for being such a good house of
letting us stay unannounced anytime you
guys come stay all right okay
figure something out we'll hold you to
it oh my goodness it feels so good to be
home I feel so pumped and energized it's
like I have a second lion so I oppose
this bill oh it feels great Jackson is
like yeah I can climb up on the table no
you can't sorry bud no climbing allowed
without adult supervision and I'm not
supervising when I'm filming today is
Father's Day so I think it's very
appropriate that I give my dad a call in
fact I think we'll FaceTime him I just
feel like today was such a special day
and I feel bad that they couldn't make
it so I want to talk to them tell my dad
how much I love him and appreciate him
so let's do that now let's go FaceTime
him Jackson just literally ran across
the room and ran back to me and douve on
me and said hi to Grandma and Grandpa
we're just talking about the blessing
and how wonderful it was and how much we
miss them guys we missed you so much oh
we miss you too email because there we
know you did a great job
oh well thank you um my mom and dad live
in Washington and they just couldn't
make it the trip but he is so showing
off to you guys that is so funny grandma
and grandpa his grandma and grandpa um
my parents and all of my family members
are coming to Utah next month and I'm
really excited I can't wait because even
though we just came back from you guys
seeing you guys in April it's just been
far too long since we've seen each other
yeah
we agree I just wanted to say dad
because it is Father's Day I wanted to
say how much I love and appreciate you
how much you mean to me and how
wonderful of an example a wonderful of
an example you are to me and that if I
can do the same thing that you did for
me I know my kids are gonna be great Oh
Jared thank you so much
you know it's easy to be a good dad when
you have amazing kids and mom I both
feel like all of our kids
hey we're born Oh amazing and mostly our
job was not to mess up
well three eight oh six ain't bad I
won't say which three I'm totally joking
I'm totally joking
oh well dad I love you and I wish that
everyone in the world could have you as
their dad because you just mean that
much oh thank you Thank You Jared that's
that's really a treasure you are so on
and we are so proud of you we're so
proud of that young man that you are
I keep calling you a young man but
you're the dad oh no yeah
but we're so proud of the dad that you
are the husband that you are the man
that you are um it just really makes us
proud well thank you guys I appreciate
that
happy Father's Day dad thank you hi hi
Sam again say hi ed say hi huh I think
today was a very wonderful special day
and I hope that you had a wonderful
Father's Day Jared I sure did
I'm so grateful that I have a wonderful
father
and I'm so grateful that I have two
wonderful sons that I am the father of
is that weird to say like I'm a father
you uh you are the father oh you are the
you are the head of this household
mm-hmm okay I think it's time to say
goodbye thanks for watching guys I hope
you have a wonderful weekend with your
family with your friends doing awesome
fun things and as always we will see you
next year
bye bye oh push it out boy push it out
you know oh yeah
oh yeah yeah okay Jared yes you're
busted
did you hit your butt
