hey sleepyhead why are you so sleepy why
are you so sleepy you can't be sleepy
we've got a party today you've got a big
party and you're sleeping why are you
sleeping
hey everyone today is one of those days
that I look forward to the most it's the
days when we get all the family together
and we just have a lot of fun right guys
Julie's birthday is coming up on her
birthday's of 25th and a Nellie's family
they know that Julie's birthday is very
important because it is the halfway
point to Christmas I mean in six months
Christmas is here and I think that's
pretty much in sync with Julie's
birthday every time we talk about
Julie's birthday six months of Christmas
but since Julian Lennon are gonna be
here for Julie's birthday we're gonna
celebrate it today and we've got this
awesome cake that says happy birthday
Julie Oh Jackson what do you see where
where's the ball you show me let's go
look where is it huh oh my goodness the
balloons yeah happy boy yeah how you
lookin matches your shorts oh oh say
uh-oh Oh careful don't pop it you're
gonna pop it and you won't like them
anymore
don't pop it say hi baby
you know what I like grandma
I like your t-shirt yeah represent
teespring calm sasha Ellie and Jared
maybe you guys can restart the campaign
if you guys want to I know someone
tweeted me the other day and said hey
only five more people need to get it to
restart what do you think Ellie should
they do it like you can it's not a
requirement you don't have to to be a
part of the family just if you want to
I'll have a link down below
Calvin let's eat but now let's eat
Calvin let's eat , Calvin he's so sweet
he's a good little tea today
ah that's right before legs help you for
weeks you've been you've had a lot to do
your whole life yeah he's done a lot in
the four weeks he's been alive hasn't he
can you kiddos outside oh oh outside hi
caters oh wow your puppy's hey get on
your legs and hands and if you're my
peas hey hey Febby hi puppy oh you're
scaring puppy I'm a leg puppy okay come
on let's all go outside we're gonna have
some cake and ice cream or pizza you
ready
someone's excited you wanna go outside
oh yeah my side okay guys we are here
with my whole family this is the last
time that we are all gonna be together
probably until Julian Landon come back
and that could even be what another year
too so all of my siblings are here Julie
and I are blessing our little baby boys
tomorrow at church and so this is our
family's last like buddy cool makeup
yeah this is the family's last like
hoorah so all the family's here we are
going to introduce you guys to everyone
a little bit later but for now let's
slappy birthday to Julie my twin
we're not toys people just think we look
a lot of like she's a compliment because
you're really cute oh you're really cute
yeah wait are you guys twins we're twins
oh the theater chairs apart we play to
engineer little Sloan on our side
you want to help Rush's who I hated yeah
you're welcome
oh I hope you like them there right yeah
thanks
for me good what happy birthday anybody
for that kids don't try this at home we
don't condone this kind of activity but
I am a trained professional and this is
what we do okay we have initiated 60
frames-per-second we're going to launch
backwards in three two one blast off
was that funny do you like that I'm
gonna give you a countdown ready three
two one go
yeah good job
hey Jared yep just jumped through the
bushes did you hit your bike to her no
it didn't hurt but I totally bought him
now I literally did what I just talked
about what on the last day of Florida we
were talking about crap where's my phone
where's my phone I'm on hold right now
and I was freaking out that I could not
find my phone I can't believe I just did
that I'm like hit my pockets I'm like
crap where's my phone where's my phone
I'm on hold right now
Jared keep it together man you're out of
control
come on Jackson oh yeah good it get it
good job come on all right
Oh Jackson that's hands you can't use
hands oh wait are you the goalie he's
the goalie that's what it is all right
showing the ball control Sean the ball
control oh man
oh he's good mess he's got nothing on
him oh there you go being the goalie
again can't watch in whoohoo Jackson
where's your flip lucky jump jump oh
look I got my two boys
Hey look at that little trail acute
kiddos
look at the cute enj representatives you
guys look so cute that's a good workout
baby worries
look at all that that's another dirt you
think that's dirt but it's actually ice
cream is it it's probably combination
you get down and run this is dirt check
out my new series baby workouts on TLC
where you and your baby get a great
workout okay dad
are you ready wrangling up our angle
amount Robi bazi you're next come on von
trapp family
let's get it together you guys each have
your own little whistle right so you
guys see a lot of my family and the
whole family is together so I'm going to
introduce you guys because a lot of you
guys don't know ever who everybody is
I'm going to introduce you guys to my
family and next month Jared's family for
the first time in a long time everyone's
going to be together so we'll introduce
Jarrettsville family next month during
the Newcomb family reunion but for now I
get introduced to you my family and my
siblings in the order and look at mom
and dad you've got five kids and you
have 17 grandkids let's get started Ruby
is the oldest sibling Ruby you're the
oldest you start okay so I'm Ruby I'm
the oldest and this is my husband Kevin
hi we have six children
sure chug a bee Julie Russell who's four
I mean
Bobo you are my brother my next child
this is Emily my wife Henry our newest
Henry's the newest and Kate hi cater
Bonnie okay Julie
okay I'm Bonnie husband Joel Olivia
Cody Boston and new baby whoo-hoo Julie
Julie whoa Julia is my sister Landon is
in medical school though I say Julie's
in medical school because you are
supporting Landon yes yes okay so Jules
you're my sister yep husband Landon Emma
hi Emma girl yeah Cooper and Porter
Porter you the new baby you're gonna be
blessed with baby Calvin tomorrow me so
if I don't get lots of pictures Jezebel
belly that is my husband Jared that is
my little boy Jackson my little boy
Calvin and my I'm not pregnant anymore
okay that is my family you guys I'm
going to link this video down below in
the future so when people ask that is I
sibling that's all of their kids next
month for the meek and family reunions
we will introduce Jared and all his
siblings so thanks guys check out these
awesome t-shirts yeah I know
awesome t-shirts oh man it feels so good
at Pea spring calm / Elliot oh you guys
look so good in these days you really do
they look how long they are links yeah I
like them yeah cool okay well let's go
put all of our kids down to bed so all
the adults can use Creegan that yeah
let's get in the bath cake I'll go clean
off all the dirt okay green cleaning
clean clean clean clean clean green
clinking you're good dad happy Father's
Day tomorrow can't believe you have two
kids
I honestly I'm just so great have two
boys so grateful two boys are carrying
on your name these are these are our
boys yes they are guys let's go give
them a bath put up a no bath hmm Gideon
over here
well as I seen you two Jackson last
night I see you something the tub that I
made up was really funny
let's go painting of us get in the
batter
let's go get in the bath
cool song okay let's go get in the bath
my pseudonym bash I drag him through the
mud should you get a little more dirtier
brief your self dirty is that chocolate
ice cream dirt mud I thought it was dirt
but Jared said he caught him into the
ice cream bowl well I think it's a
combination of all of it those rocks
alright hey you might dry when you're
done alright let's go okay my sweet four
week old you want to lay here to blubber
tea you're so sweet you live here and
I'm going to go get big brother in bed
okay love you
umm Calvin sleeps with one eye open
that's kind of crazy but he literally
seems it's one eye open look when eyes
open
so when Jackson was born you know that
there was like a cluster of all the
other cousins that were born
well now that Calvin is here this is the
little group Henry Porter and Calvin and
a baby to be made and oh yeah those two
they're getting blessed tomorrow
and then these two she was he was
talking about Bonnie Oh
and then these two Jackson and Cooper
you were in the same little grouping of
cousins how how far apart are they seven
months should we get a little picture
with them and you have matching PJ's you
know what size are his child eighteen
months 12 to 18 months died for the
babies the baby's eyes well you get the
point
it's fun to have all the colors you're
taking pictures okay and hey hey stick
Oh
oh my goodness Wow did that feel good
Calvin secure and the health is outside
WWE Smackdown smooth legs oh do you guys
remember at Christmas time we got some
pretty awesome gifts that Kevin right
here as he draws back and shoots a
bull's-eye Kevin made us all bows for
Christmas so today we have all of our
bows out and we are shooting down the
range give it make it pretty cab Oh like
butter like butter such a man he knocks
his arrow as it draws as well back just
a muscle scream you're getting this on
yo are you narrating your own shooting
it's the only way to get bull's-eyes
oh okay guys I think it is time to end
the night and say goodbye Julie
tomorrow's our last day that you are
going to be here we're going to be so
sad when you go but it's been really fun
to have these videos not only to like
share them on YouTube but like for
family purposes like today was filming I
think purely just like for us like it's
been fun just to like see all the family
see all the cousins see ground will
holding the cute little baby is like so
it's just been really fun to talk about
that so thanks for watching us post
these videos of our lives and thanks for
hanging out with us so we'll see you
tomorrow for the boys baby blessings Oh
goodbye baby baby baby baby whatever
though is the foul thing you give us a
smile yeah there's a while like one oh
yeah you must be dreaming about his
awesome parents
he's sleeping baby nice cooking baby
Cooper Cooper
