but that's not all we're also going to
go see Studio C live
what are you guys doing are you in a
little tree Emma
Jackson you have your rocks and you're
in a tree
Cooper where are you and you're eating a
tree well hello guys good morning Julie
Twitter dear hi Julie is here and we are
at mom's house we just got back from
Florida and we are blessing Calvin and
it's okay you're the ones Cooper and
we're busting Porter on Sunday and so
the boys are helping doing yard work
outside and moms out there too working
and we're inside feeding and taking care
of the babies there's Calvin he did so
good last night
I currently I'm on hold with my
insurance because I'm getting a pump for
breastfeeding and everyone's outside
working Cooper is over there playing
with the doggy
Landon's mowing the lawn oh look mom is
weeding and Jackson is just running
around the yard picking up as many rocks
as he can find look now they're gonna
both go put the puppy sometimes when we
come to Grandma's house I get surprised
with how actually grown up Jackson is
and the things that he's actually able
to do because sometimes like I wouldn't
trust him do like be outside on the
swings and stuff but he's just been like
on and off playing with cousins he's
just growing up so much like a cute
little Emma hi YouTube boys hi Porter
don't cry you two you're going to be
blessed on Sunday I cannot even believe
it for weeks and what what are you I
think you're 9 weeks you can't even
believe it
and you're doing really good on tummy
time Calvin look at you didn't your head
that well Ellie is taking a nice little
nap and so is Jackson and it is so
well-deserved so Calvin and I are just
kind of hanging
Calvin you're taking a nap too
well mom I guess it's just you and me
the house is completely still it's just
you and me right now well oh yeah
they're working hard this morning well
you guys okay yeah this Sunday like
Ellie said we're having the baby
blessing we're going to bless Calvin and
then Julie and Landon are going to bless
their baby too and so we're getting
ready for all of our family members to
come and have a little get-together
after church Zakhar ribs you probably
saw in the background we're gonna cook
all of these ribs up how many there's
three on each side four on each side
she is probably 12 racks right that's
crazy right meat red meat on it Korea oh
yeah on grill Zilla I think you're gonna
you and dad are gonna take care of it
not me cuz I don't know some of those
hot dogs and burgers were maybe a little
bit on the Burnside don't you oh yeah I
remember what I was gonna say you guys
were the ones who've been working hard
I know I know you're fine I'm downstairs
working on the video and you guys are
outside laboring in the yard getting all
sweaty getting the lawn mowed and
everything so I feel bad no no dad mode
Landon edged I waited and Jared bought
dinner oh yeah we bought lunch but I I
felt bad I'm down there not doing
anything laborious but they're outside
Emily we're all doing a little something
but I still feel bad I want to get on
the yard I think that's one thing that
I'm excited about is when we get a house
is for me and Ellie to get outside and
do some yard work I think that's gonna
be fun to do together you guys you guys
have a good yard if you guys work to get
art make it a little easier to manage
yeah the trees that are dirty or coming
out yeah so what you got to make it
beautiful but you got to make it
manageable to look at all of this dry
rub that you're doing Oh
we each get one of these is that right
my just effect there's we're gonna have
a lot of people there on something
though right how was your nap
it was great and Jackson still asleep
Jackson's been asleep for almost three
hours this is like um I'm gonna go and
I'm gonna pick up sherry and chat and
we're gonna go do something fun okay
okay I used to hear on rats okay you
stay here and you be supermom with your
super mom okay
say okay I got a hurry I love you you're
the best bye bye bye okay so here's the
deal I got tickets to a live taping of a
sketch comedy group called Studio C they
have this amazing YouTube channel and
they're hilarious they're all also some
friends of mine from my college days
there's not weird to say my college days
they were not that long ago their
friends from college anyway my niece and
nephew chad and sherry are huge fans of
this sketch comedy group they love
watching them on youtube all of the time
so I thought it would be fun to surprise
them with these tickets to studio C's
live taping and take them with me not
only is it a live taping it's actually
the first live taping that is going to
be broadcast online so you guys can
watch too if you have the link and
everything but I'm gonna go in and I've
got to go surprise him real quick
Chad sherry can I have something on my
thigh you guys you guys look good
you look really good you ready for this
first I want to take you guys up to
dinner is that okay okay is that okay if
we go to dinner but that's not all we're
also gonna go see Studio C live you guys
want to do that yes are you guys excited
yeah give you some your funny face
let's go you guys ready yeah are you
guys surprised yeah is this fun you guys
excited do you have any idea no cool
I'm excited because I know you guys like
student to see I like Studio C so I
thought this would be a lot of fun cool
all right let's go okay guys before we
go to the studio C taping we've got to
hit it up we've got to go to J dogs you
guys like J dogs it's the only place to
go in Provo
all getting lots of tummy time in huh
he's loving it
his long legs you had lots of tiny time
today
oh and Jackson here over here eating a
little sandwich you like that okay yep
we're just walking down into the studio
audience of the studio see in place
exhibit showroom whatever you call it
but look at the setup they've got this
is so legit they've got like a whole
thing running this place got monitors
that's crazy this is awesome so this is
the the audience over here oh these guys
are like right in my shot sorry let me
just there that that's better okay
Stuart sorry you're you're right in my
shot man I'm so I'm sorry I'm totally
kidding we're sitting here we're getting
ready to get down in our seats and these
are our reserved spots and yeah we're
got like a front row seat to the to the
show so tell me are you guys excited yes
yeah yeah be on TV
you get sine curves that's pretty cool
so tell me who's your who's your
favorite uncle oh come on guys at least
pretend just pretend we're sitting here
waiting for this stuff to start and
we've got a bunch of people I don't you
guys recognize these guys are disgusting
because remember these guys from
boardshorts TV who just did a sketch
with them Stuart edge is hanging out
right here wife of lemons is over there
we've got some of the piano guys you're
working with on what where so this is to
be a lot of fun
we're checking out
all right we are just about to get
started aren't you guys remember those
the lights are dimming you guys excited
yeah you're ready you're ready for this
we just want to thank you you the fans
very special thank you
what do you did with us from the
beginning or you just discovered us
tonight for watching the show thank you
for sharing it and talking about it and
posting it on your social media you are
the reason that it has grown as much as
an ad so we are Iranian at you thank you
for being part of the studio scenes
family can you bring in the stuff a
subscriber if you haven't subscribed yet
please do some heavy stuff all the time
and then tell all your friends that
clean family-friendly comedy is back in
his home is Studio C my mom and dad took
Jackson into town that way I had a
little break with Calvin and I swaddled
him with his arms and everything and he
actually likes it maybe he will for now
on let me swaddle him and grandma and
Jackson mom even working hard all day
mama you say you see me wants to get off
okay hop on hop on swing Jackson's want
to get on the screen hold tight
his little bump slips and that he's got
the shorts don't go boneless he's doing
it you might get out the trampoline is
that where you want to go huh
I'll just put this dog that's a good
idea I'm here in the car he wouldn't get
out he didn't want to get out and he
just he didn't want to get out of the
car so I said to I will get on the
trampoline he couldn't get out
fascinator Oh mom that we were talking
about one that's funny
hey guys we're hanging out with the comi
of Steel see what's up guys can I just
say you guys did awesome okay is so
impressed you guys did so good no matter
what like well Stacey
I might just be saying that you get to
see that sketch in a little bit it was
it was hilarious good job guys is this
for the new Star Wars sketches this is
this confidential information that I
can't show on the Internet I don't know
oh my gosh and it moves oh my gosh whoa
that's crazy that's so crazy though well
guys what you think you have fun was it
everything you hoped and dreamed of yes
guys you got to meet the cast you got to
meet the crew you got signed t-shirts
our peptides are falling off
I'm kidding that's a joke that's awesome
you guys are gonna have a lot of fun
stories to tell your friends at school
huh wait it's summer vacation there is
no school I'm gonna take these kiddos
home and then I'm gonna drive all the
way back to knowing
ah I finally made it home it was a long
drive but it's late but I had a blast I
had so much fun especially seeing Chad
and Shari like they seriously were on
cloud nine the entire time and I think
that made it even more fun I love that
you guys yeah yeah I didn't though
because it felt good to be home and felt
good dress to poke into play for kids
good sometime I know I'm like falling
asleep I am going to hit this bed and
I'm going to hit it hard right now
laughs thanks for watching we'll see you
guys tomorrow
have a wonderful night AJ yes can you
can you breastfeed Jackson oh yeah all
day I'll get honey just wake me up an
old breastfeed Calvin okay I'll just lay
on my side and he can just latch on okay
thank you okay
I love you I'll see you and I'm like
like a second but I'll see you guys
tomorrow okay bye
