all righty guys we're getting everything
packed up and I think we're definitely
in travel mode Ellie's like where's
Jackson where's Jackson where's Jackson
Ellie he's in my arms he's right here
you know that's that's a funny story
because my dad oh this is this is a
family joke and it's gone for years and
years and years when I was probably
about Jackson's age maybe a little bit
older I think we're at the Oregon coast
and my dad had me on his shoulders and
we were just having a lot of fun and
then all of a sudden he's panicking
where's Jared where's Jared where is
Jared where's Jared guys I can't find
Jared and I was on the shoulders the
entire time and it's been a family joke
for years and years and that's how you
feel with your phone even though it's a
tree let your phone with your kids but
don't you ever like lose your friend
necros I thought it's right here yeah
you're on the phone talking to someone I
can't find my phone I can't find it
though the kids are 10 times more
important yeah but it's um we're getting
ready to say goodbye last night was
probably the hardest night of our life
Oh Jackson woke up and was very very
upset I think it was a long day in the
Sun and I just every one of you were so
nice like she was holding Calvin uh you
brought the rocket play up to me like
you guys were helping us get the golf
cart yeah Jerry took Jackson for a golf
cart right like a golf cart like 1:00
a.m. so seriously like everyone and last
night we were talking to like I'm like
so proud of everyone like everyone has
been like good parents we've all been
like nice of course we watch each other
we're friends but you know what I mean
like it's just like really enjoyable I
don't think we ever got any
family so we don't know so yeah guys
okay guys thank you so much we're gonna
goodbye we're gonna head out and you're
gonna go we're gonna go fly get Jackson
a high five high five
oh can you get him a hydrogen bomb
give me C gains a kiss give it a soft uh
hug works to give him give her a kiss
off kiss oh oh she didn't cry this time
I don't know I know anything she's
gotten over the fact that he's leaving
she's accepted he's like it's okay fine
I'll so here oh my god okay let's go
catch a plane
so we have a layover in Baltimore and
it's pouring down rain but I got it to
meet that someone might be waiting for
us
just right outside security so I'm going
to see if there's anything we can do to
go say hello to them or anything like
that all right guys security gave us a
little leeway here and we're here with
Gabby and her mom say hi Gabby we can't
go any further or Security's gonna kick
us out so we got to be careful thank you
so much for making your way all the way
over here it's so nice of you I wish we
could come over and like hug you guys
but haha yeah
next time for sure okay cool thank you
so much
oh thank you guys so much yeah you'll be
in for sure we'll see you later thank
you for coming oh you're welcome a big
thank you to Gabby's mom for bringing
gala headed to the airport
to see us and I told Jared I said if you
didn't check Twitter there's no way we
would have been able to like find a
place and meet up and say hi to her so
mister looking you got my tan okay well
thank you Gabby and Gabby's mom for
making the time to come and say hi to us
even though we had to keep it from a
distance
yeah
Oh oops professor bedroom get out of
there
we finally made it home well almost home
we're at Ellie's mom and dad's house say
hi guys oh let's take a look can we take
a look see look at that looks pretty
good I should put one I think it'd look
good on you
a little floral arrangement beautiful
bandana
oh well we made it back and we didn't go
all the way home because tomorrow we
have something exciting going on I'll
tell you guys more about that tomorrow
but thank you guys so much for watching
the video I hope you have a wonderful
day be sure to check out Bryan and Missy
and Cullen and Katie I'll have their
links down below and be sure to tell
them thank you for a wonderful trip to
Florida and we'll see you guys tomorrow
bye
member
