Jackson's playing with the ball always
got his sippy Maci gains you have a
little toy on your binky and Calvin is
upstairs sleeping and guess what we've
been doing all morning YouTube China
will send out titled thumbnail title of
club nails I love it I love that we're
all together like showing each other
thumbnails and like what pushes the
title yeah I think if so many days room
like I wish I had something here to ask
us on stage right now
good morning let's enjoy our last day in
Florida cuz we leave tomorrow what we
leave tomorrow you don't
Hey hi Calvin
oh good morning hey how come you how
come you tear it when I film you how
come you cheer when they film you hey
you boys you've getting into the cookies
um hi Allie
they found the cookies out here there
you go sure with the puppies
yeah right right right I'm gonna jump
I'm gonna do I'm gonna jump over and
Gungans up I'm gonna something looser
but I'm good right right right right
right what what we're going parasailing
I know we're gonna die
good call it call it Clark I am nervous
we're going parasailing what if it
really Ellie Ellie Ellie Ellie all right
Ellie don't really owners we're going
sir I'm gonna fly we're gonna fly in the
sky up so high we're here at the beach
ready to go parasailing are you guys
excited you guys excited Jackson are you
excited to go up in the sky yeah yeah if
you guys look right over here you can
see the parasail the boat that we're
gonna go on I mixed I'm so excited I
love Heights that's one thing about me
is I love Heights and not thrill we are
just about ready to get on the boat
Ellie is just finishing up rest feeding
and then we're gonna go Ellie and I are
going to go doubles we're both going to
go at the same time and I guess Ellie
and Katie have an agreement that if we
don't get back in time that Katie will
breastfeed Calvinism okay I'm lined up
and ready to go just in case okay you've
got one side save for Calvin get perfect
thank you we appreciate that especially
on such short notice and very very nice
and kind of you so lend us one of your
breasts no problem
was that too much might have been a
little too much
hey you cuties you have fun you have fun
buh-bye you play nice with oli cafe
bye-bye sweetheart you play nice with
Mesa games okay thank you guys so much I
never left Calvin it's only an hour we
still yeah
he's literally attached to my boob so
anyway thank you guys
buh-bye buh-bye see Papa vine wave keep
up on the body so sweet
you
be like in the sand
Jackson look scoop it or don't eat it
you can put on your legs and cool off
yeah do you like it what do you think
well guys we're packing up all of our
stuff we're getting everything ready to
go and this might be the last time that
we say hello to the beach tomorrow Ellie
and I are leaving in all I have to say
was that it has been magical it has been
so amazing seeing this water having the
salt in the air the salt in the water
it's just been beautiful the white sand
and the hot temperature I love it
it's so much fun and thank you to Cullen
and Katie for hosting thank you to Bryan
and Missy for being awesome and kind of
coming up with the whole idea dude thank
you for coming I'm so glad you guys came
I'm so glad I'm so glad you guys did
this like this you guys are awesome
seriously on the beach I think this
might be our last time on the beach on
this trip for a member for grab every
bird but stay tuned because you never
know you know what let's just stay seven
weeks expecting an executive ected
hashtag expect the unexpected Oh Jackson
uh did you have a lot of fun eating all
the sand did you have fun eating all the
sand yeah you did
what do you do in a sea game Jeff are
you seeing him you've been so good to
him all week yes oh look he's even the
wink right now I know he is he was
looking at her cute he's like competing
with my brother all right you did talk
you patted holy that's a pessimist put
it back she symmetry yeah let's go to
the pool yeah right go to the pool we
just got back from the ocean but you
know we're partying like it's hot here
because it is hot in Florida from
partying like water
Ollie why are you so cute
seriously do it again why are you so
cute are you gonna play dolly Jackson
yeah you complacent even has a rock go
play ollie
oh I can't tell Missy over and over
again he's changed so much since I've
seen unless he's such a good boy
Katie's a lot he's definitely good he he
is growing up there's a big difference
between six months and how they asked
and react and it's amazing I have a lot
of fun things to look forward to at
Jackson how fun
well we've got our setup for the Last
Supper here yes the last it's a buddy so
fun look at all of us in our curly hair
I know we are - I've been like I've been
lovin having my hair look early your
hair's on cute and curly my hair so cute
I'm Carolee and gray y'all I need all of
you in the comments to tell Ellie how
amazing she is you're also maybe three
weeks ago I was just telling you this
like I think I was still wearing the
same pair yoga pants from like two weeks
ago how is it the point you are you've
an amazing people thank you thank you
very a no thank you just blew my mind
like yes guys unfortunately it is true
today is our last full day in Florida so
we're just hanging out having a good
time we're at the pool we've got the
kids in a place where they can play nice
and safe and we're just hanging out
playing some music we got some food
delivered to us we're just having a good
time would you say we're having a good
time you know what I'm excited to do
where to go where to go let's run here
somewhere
what do you look for I'm excited to grab
this guy right here little pigskin for
the football round in the pool some pool
ball some food fall pool football
flap-flap-flap problem
this here's the golf cart drive-by and
that's awesome all right that was so
cool yeah oh man oh did you spill
everywhere we gotta get in alright this
is the pool dive drive-by ready
Oh almost at it Oh see that he was so
scared look at that Oh buddy kid I know
I've said it a million times already
guys but it's the last full night in
Florida so everyone is together here on
the couch this is our group this is this
is Florida what the heck you guys doing
over there was going on he was milking
me so bad guy thing with nipples
guys I just want to give a big shout out
to these guys here for being so awesome
Brian and Missy and Cullen and Katie if
you guys haven't you probably have in
the Beth you've been watching the past
three days but be sure to check out
their channels because they're awesome
we're having a lot of fun here in
Florida thank you guys so much
Coenen came here with your brand-new
baby thank you Brian and Missy for
everything thanks for Thank You Ellie
for well we can't talk about that's a
joke that's a joke thank you guys for
watching the vlog have a wonderful day
and we'll see you guys tomorrow in the
airport oh if you guys are in the
airport tomorrow come say hello we're
gonna be in Baltimore Colin's still
trying to be late
no you could you could you'll see this
we're gonna be in Baltimore for like
three hours if you're at the Baltimore
Airport and you can say hello plus
there's no good it really is our shower
it's like in time fair mmm give the baby
a kiss good night CYO TFS Oh
