good morning again from blood city horny
guys we're at the beach we're hanging
out I just got to meet Calvin and today
we decided to bring a little rock and
play so he was a little bit higher up
and he is loving the warm wind I put
like this right here I don't even know
if it's gonna help but just - I don't
know protect it a little bit more but I
think what I'm going to do is how you
put Jax on my back we're gonna go get
daddy and we're gonna go try and get
Jackson into the water
okay stand on it my bad are you on all
he's holding on to hey well that date
thanks Katie okay Missy and I and alia
Jackson we're all gonna go food we're
all gonna go try and get in the water I
can't believe I get it take you to the
beach change of plans
Jackson does not want to have anything
to do with the water but he does like
the sand so he's just going to stay here
I'm playing the stand for a little bit
okay Jackson we heard your requests we
got the notes we scoped it out and we
found a little kiddie pool just for you
okay you and all you can go and play in
there and have a lot of fun all right
oh you're going your artery good okay go
let's go let's get your shoes off first
all right bud what do you think of this
water this is pretty good is this just
your size you enjoying it
oh look at that I swear Oliver is that a
little fish like he is just in the water
he loves it
Jackson's like I'm out of here guys I'm
gonna go find me some rocks oh no I
changed my mind I'm going back in look
at it this is so much fun for you guys
go get ollie
go get ollie splash splash I'm running
so Ellie is back home at the house
feeding the baby and getting a little
rest and these two kids are just having
the time of their lives jumping in a
plane in the pool
aren't you guys I love that we have the
place right here where Jackson can just
do his own thing walk around we don't
have to really worry too much you know
we're keeping an eye on him but this is
his place you know the ocean he's pretty
scared of the ocean but he can handle
this large bathtub that's what this is
it's a large bathtub good morning how
was your nap going in Jackson and I are
twinners huh we've got our nice little
shirts on we're getting ready to go out
on the town tonight I guess we're going
to the place called pure Park or
something where they have dinner and
everything but we just finished a midday
editing session so we're not spending
all our night editing these videos Oh
where'd the guys go all right did you
good Oh Aang just takes a little yeah it
does especially you're doing like slo-mo
the rendering and everything but we only
film like three clips this morning
because we want to spend some time
filming tonight so because you guys
don't see more of the nighttime you guys
see more of the daytime so we want to
switch that up a little bit Ellie can I
just say you're beautiful you know what
I want to mention real quick
what they say woods get me down look he
was Jackson's just like staring at just
singing us um he's like that songs for
me but one thing I did want to talk
about real quick was yesterday Ellie
said something pretty cool
and she said Jared we woke up with three
hundred thousand friends do you remember
that yes thank you guys I seriously
cannot even like I hang on Paloma like
that's just weird to me I just think
that it's really special and I'm really
glad that so many people are willing and
want to spend their time with us right
yeah yeah honestly guys from the bottom
of our hearts thank you so much it means
so much to us that you guys would just
click that subscribe button and tune
into our life every single day thank you
guys each and every one of you guys
means something to us so thank you very
much I think this is one of those times
where we were wishing that we had a
double stroller I've been pushing
Jackson around in this Ellie is carrying
Calvin but it would just be nice to have
a double stroller or like another tiny
tiny stroller yeah get me it ha yeah I
don't want him to get yeah but at any
rate we are out and we're having a lot
of fun with all six of us all three
couples around like a little date you
know and I think this is fun the whole
atmosphere where we are this is called
Pierre Park is this called Pierre Park
you're part of the park place yeah
something like that
Pierre Park and we're going to go have
some food and we're going to go play
some games and it's going to be a lot of
fun and I'm I'm going here
look there's a train where do you find a
train like that that's cool just the
atmosphere here I think is so much fun
don't you think
oh yeah well they're like on a pier and
there's just everyone is around having
fun everyone's together having fun and
Jackson is loving this place because
baby there's a helicopter that flies by
like every minute or two so Jackson's
always looking up there
huh-huh-huh-huh you see a helicopter
Jackson look look there's a helicopter
there's a helicopter buddy do you see it
he is loving life right now hey guys
let's take a group picture with right
here with the Sun and the palm trees
next agree you need to yes I am videos I
do make videos on YouTube youtube.com
slash le injera check it out oh wait
you're already here welcome thank you
for joining us guys let's take a group
picture le what do you think oh my god
Brian what do you think yeah he's
walking behind the scenes we have sony
cameras up for how expensive these
cameras are they like a pressure to DSLR
I'm not disappoint this did you fix it
our lens is still going like this you
know we just got a yeah come on canon
step it up I just got done dosing
that is probably been one of the most
struggle is trying to cover up our
nursing but looking as a beach that's
make itty bitty nice to get a little zip
strips every zippy we're all here
together I didn't see nothing Jack good
I'm Jackson without the two cuties up
there
yeah I'll get everyone zippers are up
I'm Jack Jared we ordered a sue shrimp
yes shrimp and we also got a very rare
piece of me
oh he doesn't like that very much
trust me you're gonna like that someday
I promise you and he'll laugh he's
growing up so much like his he's just
getting a lot thicker he's gonna laugh
like his brother huh no happen remember
look at his feet look at his people cuz
I feel like I was doing really good I
was giving Jack a drink while I was
holding Kelvin and when I was
multitasking pretty well are you proud
of me no I'm like half yes you are what
you're breastfeeding and doing what else
thinking I felt like you dispose of all
of us in this idea we're trying to
recreate take two it works I said never
mind you know you get what you get
can I just say that we love you guys I'm
I love you guys also what happened what
I have it was le professeur on from
oh yeah I love you you didn't look at me
when you said you loved this camera I
love you I love the table I love lamb
Jackson stop trying to push me I'm
allowed to sit here like I don't like
you sitting next to me you're my space
yeah we had it flipped and it was really
cute and now he was filming it but she
didn't hit the report but everyone just
comment right now go oh that was a cute
flip but that's actually a really great
idea seen it though she got up and she
ran down and everybody was waved and
like everyone did it and everyone was
like woo and then College taped into his
pocket and dubs woo kiss from you Hey
you soon will we are at an ice cream
shop and this ice cream shop must be
magical or something because look at all
the people here and the line wrap all
the way around it's good yeah I guess so
apparently this ice cream must be
amazing but weird lying to get some ice
cream
you know what flavor you're gonna get
well I don't know I don't know I think
I'm gonna keep it classy either get some
like mint chocolate chip or cookies and
cream or maybe a combination of both
coconut oh you put the lime in the book
you know
you know what you guys all say Oh Ellen
you have a crush on : but you want to
know what you guys don't see the behind
the scenes I know Katie and Jared had a
crush on each other in all seriousness
they've been crushing on it all week I
thought that we could all be really good
friends joke around together
I got it well we are you excited are you
excited Jackson are you excited
Mesa gay I'm not even gonna look at it
this time all and that way gonna rep
again what kind did you get I got
chocolate chip cookie dough okay
Oh beautiful : God folks and horrible or
something
you guys know how to do it call them a
blog me and him share book it Jackson
just stared all those goodies whoa whoa
I fart glitter and poop rainbows that is
so funny I fell asleep at the computer
editing shit my pen and all occurs what
the heck
signage unscrew I need some context
please we are live on periscope right
now everyone say hello to periscope hey
guys um and we're gonna play a little
game of heads up so to end the vlog
that's what we're gonna do so Brian
what's the category brands brands cave
branded there we go to 100k uh what
opposite of bad good um
laughing comedy another word good good
uh good humor yep oh they make ice cream
um there's smile and they're yellow and
they door Kizzy yeah um what's the worst
of work um yes yes no no no yes yes yes
yes yes fish crackers not silver bush
fish go fish yeah Columbus did what to
the world to America Express no discover
oh are you ready for this
um oh they do tires and uh no they're
the ones that are like are like water
under a rock bridge Raj stone yeah um oh
they make chocolate Willy Wonka and it's
like super fancy chocolate for like old
women and Ellie what's the job it's the
one that's kind of like a deity deity
and like a pop star diva yeah yeah
Colin's gonna do it he's gonna work act
it out that's the that's the categories
activity where did you go so we have to
have Oh Andy wait we're gonna act it out
you have to act it out so for him um
okay
we're acting it out for him and we can't
say no I'm done shark shark Lee yeah
yeah volleyball yes yes all right guys
that's what we're doing so next we're
playing a little heads up thank you for
watching the vlog make sure to check out
Katie make sure to check out Missy Brian
:
Ellie say it baby we've been asking
Colin and Katie this is their family's
beach house so we're all vacationing
here
people like their beach house their
families be trusted
thank you for joining us I'm Colin and
Katie's beach house we will see you guys
tomorrow bye see why your TV CYO TFS
yeah CYO TFS bye
by travelpod member
