falah yes you know what today is well no
it's national employee they fill cool
aren't you happy for us I am
congratulations on being employees so
we're taking the day off today Phil it's
gotta get everybody's approval to leave
and and gonna be a good day Phil's now
you guys get all lunch it's okay yeah no
we're definitely gonna we're gonna work
today we're gonna work hard we're gonna
get things done Phil will keep it sighs
I liked our lunches because when it ends
up turning into is just one table
shitting on another table yeah it feels
good yeah it's good it's like a family
thing so Phil I heard you're leaving for
the day you'll be Angela early today
where you going Phil I'm going to Utah
oh yeah yeah Wednesday and I didn't do
anything for Valentine's Day so I
thought I'll take Friday off I'm going
to the airport defense where planes are
three because I can think of oh no this
is this what you deal with every day
what you don't know what you're trying
to say but you keep talking sorry I just
I learned some I gained some empathy
right now yeah we're going to the
airport we're gonna go to Utah meet up
with my buddy Richard Bryan go like two
days of skiing and then come back yeah
it's like it's like a little family trip
cuz we're bringing the kids but at the
same time it's like some hangout time
just to be adults with no kids during
the day cool but yeah hold it down for
you till I'll play uh no it's pretty
great to do this when someone's like hey
who held everything down my initial
thought is enjoy my initial thoughts
like three other people then maybe you
but usually it's like who's Joe okay was
he pretty good to the new boy I'm gonna
up my game a little bit Phil and I'll
make sure everybody I guess their shit
done good because I my automatic thing
was Joe needs more responsibility all
right Phil well sounds good I'll make
sure well we'll get you leaving and son
and off I okay cool alright see you in a
minute filled by you guys doing today
cool yeah you know what today is yeah I
talked to Phil and we're working hard
today yeah and I told him I'd hold down
the house when he leaves so we're just
gonna make sure everybody gets their
work done alright great huh what's our
test today
I need three stories I need three
stories about how awesome cheese's okay
yeah I think you just make a video that
I want you to explain three times this
as long as you guys are doing work
that's all it matter that's what I'm me
to make sure you guys you doing work I'm
documenting making sure everybody's
working fulfilled all right hi gram Joe
do you know today is yes and it's
Employee Appreciation Day so I'm just
making sure that you're doing your job
you're working hard Phil's leaving early
early today said Joe you know you're the
man the house you got to make sure
everybody's working so I'm just making
sure you're working and there's gonna be
no slacking off today because it's
Employee Appreciation Day today okay
okay I don't know I have nothing planned
Briana I don't I'm just making sure that
everybody is working hard okay right
Brian Brian's working hard right Brian
yeah I'm making sure everybody knows
that we're working hard today because
employee appreciation we're working hard
to appreciate the employees today what
huh baseball baseball okay who cares
I know oh you're leaving office boxes go
tell well uh enjoy your trip I just
wanted to film you leaving yeah just say
bye Phil look at all these boxes cool
have a good one Phil holding down the
house for you we'll hold down the house
we're gonna get some work done get your
keys okay well no like six things you
guys gonna do and it's not even gonna
come from me whatever Mike we're gonna
work done by Phil
I just just had just making sure the
door works just checking the door lock
Silva's making sure it works I used to
be a locksmith and a blacksmith and a
white Smith that's a long elevator fill
you might have to take the stairs
all right doors fix your Friday down and
if that coffee or is that code it looks
like Coke came here like coffee and
cocoa guys still left oh my god for the
day so the day
yeah he's now at the time do we kill
them all wait what I think it's party
time
oh my god that's even better it's
national employee day how do you party
to hear about this find out
depending devices me huh are you
pretending the ice is me oh no that's a
different for the mic
they're so cute they smell so good
you too Hollywood it was part of my diet
we'll split one okay cool
Employee Appreciation Day I just wanted
to say thank you for one I gave a
similar speech at Thanksgiving but I
can't thank everyone in this office
enough
I'm not gun going to say that I couldn't
do this without you because that's not
fair I would not be able to handle any
of this without you and I just want you
to know that I appreciate the fuck out
of all of you and I know I don't get to
talk to every one of you every day and I
know it's really hard to get a hold of
me sometimes and I'm running around like
a mad woman and I make me joke sometimes
Brian other Brian so no I love every
single one of you in a very h-bar
appropriate way Phil I know census thank
you thank you thank you
let's eat let's drink I'm gonna play
beer pong and somebody better play with
makes I'm your boss cheers every single
one of you and the Phil cuz he's not
here
alumnus party when we deserve a
beautiful no alcohol in the spirit
Billy is drinking to slam and those back
hundred bucks
I'm sorry you guys we're bonding
Joey we a lot of us don't get to talk to
each other every day then so it's really
nice to help you apply okay we're
playing games now all right I don't know
if I should be building because good in
a ball pit all your worries just know oh
yeah you want to get some slow-mo shots
how do you feel about national Employee
Appreciation Day how do you feel about
national national employee we work hard
right Hillary you have anything you want
to say for national Employee
Appreciation Day I feel like a winner
it's good place work how're you doing
what do you above here do I
wonderful back hey Phil what's that how
was Utah so great so great I loved it I
had two days of skiing like solid skiing
my favorite thing to do that's great
Phil did you fall on your ass at all
three times but nothing anything like
nothing horrible okay nothing broke
that's all intact great Phil we had a
great time employee day Phil it was a
great celebration of the employees we
had a lunch we had some beverages okay
yeah it was great time Phil anything I
need to know about well it's funny that
you bring that up Phil we had things got
a little wild and I just wanted to to
show you this picture that we took you
want to hold on to it how do you make
take this picture who took it I think it
was Keith Keith took this picture what
do you think about it fill my eyes
immediately go to your nipples and it
just the whole picture just makes me
feel uncomfortable
also how many times have you had been
only slightly clothed on my couch uh
this is probably the second maybe third
for time there's a lot more where that
came from Phil but I just wanted to show
you first before it gets released to the
public it's kind of weird though isn't
it this looks like it should be on like
a tinder profile or a Grindr profile
yeah more that so yeah I was I don't
know I just wanted to see what I'm
wearing your merch though Phil I'll
explain for you you know there's
something special about you wearing a
pretentious dad hat with this shirt oh
is this photo shopped at all no Phil
it's it's real isn't real yeah it should
be proud Joe you got the shoulders well
I've been working out I've been working
out the shoulders a great bro thanks
great so Leigh yeah you can rub them
anytime you want nope that's not come
what I would say behind my dad I'm just
saying you're just half the comments out
of your face it's always about like you
not being tall if you feel proud about
this
thanks Phil thanks I was gonna take my
pants let's gonna do a pantsless but I
was like that might be a little too much
was Keith the only person in the room no
I think someone else I think Christie
was in the room she was giving me the
merch Christie oh yeah I like that when
you turn the camera on Christie she
immediately looks like she smelled
something horrible
so was this your idea no wow that was
your idea no it wasn't my idea I figured
he just asked if Joe was going to follow
through with his idea I didn't suggest
that say something in passing and then
you decided to bring it up when he had
no intention no I think he had
intentions I think he was just waiting
for the legs ready for the green light
go for the green light sorry edit
pretentious over my nipples fillers
you're you're fine you're in here you go
you have Instagram approved nipples okay
according to their policy we'll see what
happens all right bill with thanks
thanks for employee day thanks for being
the boss thank you who else do we think
today let's think Will Smith let's think
Will Smith today Phil hey good job boys
Joe why give me your camera for a sec
while you're testable yeah I'll just go
for it you it's pretty good there's a
good there's no bounce I didn't hurt
myself
I got enough balls I'm pretty deep into
balls
