which end up surprising the people
hitting random fake news anyways Phil
how you doing today rates a Friday
I know it's Monday but it's a fright
it's always Friday it's always Friday
big plans this weekend
not for me my son and my wife are going
to do fun stuff in the bond is just kind
of mommy call me son and then I got I
got a little one that can't talk okay
so Phil today we're gonna do little
models with merged models and bottles
poppin bottles let me start that over
Phil we're doing like I'm okay with some
of it we're doing a merch stay Phil yeah
but we want to we want to show off some
of the sexy merch that we get I had this
fun idea we're gonna do a photo shoot I
haven't told any other team yet so we
kind of I'm kind of just winging it
hoping that everybody's down to be
models my poppin bottles do like in cuz
we're gonna be moving it soon what do
you mean what we're gonna be like I like
the quality of our stuff moving it and
doing a lot more products in a different
place in okay you know what we should do
when we do that new launch spill how
about a DeFranco fashion show you got
someone right back there just chilling
in a picture you can do it yeah
well we'll deal with the Franco uh
fashion show I think that'd be fun
fun time we'll have lights what music
we'll have a DJ sure but today we're
just gonna do a photo shoot
we'll keep it so cool Phil are you
excited always you want to model
anything no Joe you're like chief fun
officer yeah cuz I go
Friday's well I don't really have to
film anything it just means that it's
more of the meetings in the calls well I
get just fuckin around that phone
exactly I love it Phil yeah I think
every business should have a CFO yeah
alright Phil we're gonna go do this
photo shoot okay okay no see you later
don't harass anybody okay okay okay can
we do found a lot of new people
I don't know everyone's like
sensitivities yeah you got to watch this
like when you when you when you start
adding people I'll turn it back to what
25% do we agree we have like 20 bucks oh
wait I don't even know that it is
possible but I'll figure it out so okay
cool all right bye
I see your back
you're a nickel how was it
life-changing have any Taco Bell there
no but they do have like KFC and CPK and
stuff which is weird it's weird that
they wouldn't have authentic Mexican
food in Mexico so we're doing a little
photo shoot today
we are some rich together right now okay
cool what Merck's are we doing
well the Hat for sure because you hit
your goal of selling so yeah let's go
yeah original 500 goal
okay cool not the new one right no I
don't think people want to see you new
okay okay but yeah I'm just getting some
others together for other people to
maybe model can you help me oh do we
need models well we got one here you
know here yeah
Oh model but yeah but we need other
models woman okay okay office okay cool
I'll see who else wants tea no see you
if they have what it takes to be a model
I mean I've been doing this now so I'm
pretty experienced model sure okay cool
all right we're gonna eat your food
don't eat too much you know lunch for
them we'll try to go you can't wait the
model all the guys would be right in the
shape I'll show you what it's all about
I had no fucking idea what it takes to
be a mom
hey guys any models looking for models
looking for models bottles need bottles
bottles you modeled you model you bottle
you popping bottles
but are you gonna model with the buff
bottles are you gonna model I'll try
I'll do one app okay I'll give one
effort towards it okay cool each we need
a photographer you just talk to you
right you're gonna be the photographer
all right okay okay you be a model to
great supple face thank you so much
symmetry with my day rate uh Christy I
found this so many models so many yeah
there's so many models good I got some
photographers it's Keith
like he's gonna mom and photography
photography I guess you can get it on
chop to Franco calm and buy one this old
this whole video is a big book all right
where are we gonna do it the lobby jo
toget yeah the lobby lobby downstairs
hopefully we won't get kicked out
alright alright the photoshoot has begun
I need my two boys two boys we need two
boys come on boys I'll show you how how
to work it I'll give you some tips some
advice going to the wardrobe changing
room right back there you guys are going
there together if you want you know so
they usually do they just one of the
bathroom together I didn't think they
would do that that's against HR protocol
I think one of them to be fired I'm
sorry you wanna pose nude on Phil's
couch but two boys going to the bathroom
to change shirts is against protocol I'm
going back to Mexico
alright boys come on down we have a
whole step follow me
I'm doing it all wrong
the place working through the following
motion in the favor well you know a
little bit depends that have some enemy
remember them new trick it's very good
it's really good winter storm looking
pretty capable of doing things away all
right how do you feel about that photo I
went great I feel like it's really
boosting my career now I've always
wanted to have a co-worker's jump on my
back okay amid all the photo shoot so
pretty huh Marie Stopes yes pretty weird
all right Zak and Christie earn x-act if
you need any male model tips let me know
professional basics make sure you keep a
leg bent okay at all times make sure
that your facial expressions have
meaning and emotion come to stare into
the disciplic let me see let me see the
look that you make when you see ZT let
me see that look that's it thank you
that's great
all right we're outside we got some
music here we go
I place your dog you just say to act
like a dog yeah like it sucks
Kazak is really tapping into his inner
male model
he's doing great giving us a variety the
composes and the emotion that's love the
way that he's is stacking his leg look
at that Lake look at that foot movement
it's very natural it's very professional
I think it went pretty well I wish we
had a small/medium but you know smiling
look at me really seriously like a puppy
dude
Pam Phil SAP we had a beautiful and
successful photo shoot cool it was fun
Phil everybody everybody got this little
struck that our male modeling skills or
female modeling skills this modeling
skills in general Phil everybody got to
show off their modeling skills that's
pretty much what I wanted to say that's
how sometimes you say something in 20
seconds that could be said in 30 seconds
yeah I do that on purpose Phil just to
confuse myself and the voices inside my
head so I think it was a good day plug
the outlet plug the shop DeFranco shop
DeFranco did you exhaust me more than
anything in this world if someone asked
me if I would rather be punched in the
face or hear you taught you talk for 20
minutes I would take the punch in the
face at least that would make me feel
alive can I really slowly
but what's soul out of my body what are
you talking you don't know what you're
gonna say so can I be the guy that
punches you in the face and that talks
to you for another toy oh they have to
be separate all right Kristy it's time
to give the people what they really want
