stop talking about that thing you guys
doing join our lunch lunch lunch
would you for lunch strap peanut butter
and jelly sandwich chicken and rice
salad with all these healthy people here
you have been enjoying your time here
that's crazy week this week was kind of
crazy
last week really last week when this
goes up huh you know what Dave is gonna
know what happened can you say is it
that thing huh yeah I mean no we're
talking about anymore so like this on
Monday oh wait so it was two days ago
yeah I think we got some glasses for it
we're gonna film it I'm not going to be
here but you know we got to keep things
interesting you know you know where
you gonna be
I'll be flying back to New York when
there's a collective game on in what's
for lunch today back turkey fraud no
more bread on a dirtiest bacon bread I
went in Sector old for bread and then
you got your spirit old one minute
sprite color joke in the comments and
come on our spawn it's telling them an
inbred oh you don't need to get
that heated here is are you doing what
you want to hold it for me yeah go get
it
15 your calls out anymore all right we
tidy exactly 60 degrees this morning I
want to get up to turn things off in
turn the heat on what appear to be
professional and everyone's here in
Chicago you guys miss laches no like I
missed that you know mr. cold weather
the snow the fridges I miss feeling of
yeah you know they're you know cold I do
it sucks it's awful we never won I don't
know China and Joe is like yeah yeah
stop woody good I can see the roller
rolled in there you can actually see
through that yeah yeah nice trying the
way below oh oh my god yeah I see
the bulb it's orange because your
taillight come in nerd
you want - why are these in my I want
you to be protected Allison what Jesus I
mean like the week on of the planned
paradise I'm concerned free having sex
here's your condoms so I just gave
Hillary her glasses and she doesn't
believe that you can see through them I
am really excited
wait do it again just an occupant I mean
barely yeah that's that's barely the Sun
that's why how's it going shut the
up
how you guys doing oh I'm sorry I'm a
little aggressive but I mean well I have
yeah I have enough so the researchers
but they're gonna be working anyway I
don't care about you at all
what was the movie where uh Whoopi
Goldberg was in a medieval era movie was
rich
no no subtract - no that's the one she
was like about to be burned or something
and then was like but I know there's
going to be a total eclipse and so she
was like I'm going to take this son out
and then there was a doughnut lips and
everyone freaked the out this is
different from the movie where she was
with the Oh like big t-rex who could
talk what kind of Whoopi Goldberg maybe
why should me I just know sister rag and
ghosts you know what ghost is oh my god
you never heard of that Patrick Swayze
movie hello yeah yeah yeah hotter he was
never now let me change that bro
all right guys fight to the death last
pair of sunglasses
yeah doll it's a 1 2 3 shoot or one two
three one two three shoot what did we
shoot okay clock differs once you turn
all right one two three okay okay one
prime Oh
- Brian whatever your name is Wow right
I swear why did you want to Nina I don't
want to fight this Tibet okay
Jin have my opinions on anything smart
that's smart oh that sounds like the
rooster going back out it's a deal for a
researcher yeah I did what you wanted
according to Brianna they are the jinn
so are you are never going to go trying
to get to my room so you guys gonna go
on your oh yeah no I'm going to be stuck
behind gene or sorry no I have managers
it was kind of a weak selection buddy
you guys going on an adventure guy
glasses bro I'm like yeah yeah I'm
driving back to the future I cut mine
and a half so I could hit it on the limb
but where how you can put on your eyes
the plan is do that you pirate it up
yeah
okay when you look up you can it
actually is pretty cool oh whoa that is
 cool okay I got it
no video oh cool
and I always looking sexy brain I'm
gonna take a picture like this I can't
like what happens when the Sun in the
moon combined you know like some lights
coming out like you know water comes out
of a hose and some but you know you pay
your time over the house I guess
like what the moon looks creating
pressure focusing it up wearing sunblock
right now I don't think it's that I
didn't think about that how damn it I
did it again Bobby you'll get it I did
it on purpose I wanted to have that
community feel that burn Sun in the new
language combined to create a water
faucet apparently water according to
Zach I believe the hose what about it
like a same right I mean this far many
types line up one ha ha ha you prior
faucet just look directly at work don't
look at it with the bear okay well
they're acting on their eyes of a bear
with your bare hands you're going there
you go
and I like my voice is trash today I'm
so good I don't know when to sing
historic event as post some sweet
Twitter pictures Instagram alright guys
so we're at peak totality alright at
least for Southern California yeah this
should still go cooling I'm like a
weirdo and I'm just like yeah this
should be like the opposite eclipse what
is it called oppression a luminaire
eclipse
yes the moon eclipse okay don't move on
Eclipse America because they're like I
like them because they're done obviously
and masterful you know I like a Puritan
so much yeah I gotta say someone let me
borrow the glasses and it's way better
with both eyes what'd you guys think huh
that's cool oh my god I'm so happy
I had a great this is like my it
was fun it was great the sex is pretty
you look like you know I had one hour of
sleep
my voice is suffering yes i back I had
to go for you good I wish I brought a
better tripod I just took a couple
different video clips with
intentionality here
well you always have totality for me man
it is alright son bye I kind of hurt
