and go I was like well but oh by the way
if our sound is not perfect you three
figure out who's getting turning off the
window
yeah okay so I'm gonna do a little bit
oh don't do it Jone freshmen not an
impression but give me some energy keep
so comes in he's a good man it sounds
things dog just died but he still had to
do with his job and come in I always
give up shit and they always cut it out
just like just have more energy don't
cut it out what's going on today Phil we
are testing a small little show on
Franco elite it's where we're going to
kind of run the betas of the 10th don't
belittle them yeah I know there's so
many like you're waiting for what I'm
feeling and Johnny n8 I mean it might be
real if you only talk this kind of shit
when he's number IRA let your backyard
but it's mainly like Joe stop sexually
harassing everybody jumping engagement
that we were like that was a woman
there's a reason why every challenge
we've had involved touching someone or
doing something ends up being with a guy
what is I'm trying to think I know that
we've done that what are the things that
were like well only a guy could do that
change bro kandi bro dude usually with
sex twice we had to do with a guy Zack
taped in one of the flavored condoms to
indent back well we blew up the flavored
condoms would a thing and in possession
I'm gonna bother you have to get this
started
oh sorry oh yeah sorry we're testing out
a show it's news based it's lighter news
I am the more nervous about it than the
stuff we've talked about this week
because there's a part of it where I'm
going to have to be something that is
less than ideal and I'm really worried
about like throwing up or dry heaving
yeah we're live because this is worse
than the last mountain I might just have
to break eye contact and sake take it
out do we have a bucket now just throw
up on the lights but
yes I second it over it frankly how
we're going to do some of the fence
before you're ready for for everyone so
this will be like our first real run
again and I'm like yeah but then we need
the Camaro fuck's up I'm buck because I
partly to that cart I need you
that's a probably good idea this bike
own today you want on the street and
still frames I'm actually I'm going to
steal from whatever fucking shit this is
I got the freeway that took me a half
hour to get three miles to this fall
office because of all of the damn
parents going to drop their pretentious
ass kids off the fuckin school yeah this
is me home just alidium la doesn't have
enough fucking school buses to get their
fucking kids to school they're not going
to take the school bus and they can be
dropped off in the Range Rover what are
you talking yeah there's a show all the
other kids with their Lunchables how
cool they are leaving them by the block
no they're like a mega bunch of both not
just a little square ones yeah what up
baby five but not even one move of the
collector tires farm or whatever it's a
pretentious ass looking one take your
fucking elitist Lunchables and time to
write them on the fucking bus so that's
going to be a great day to new angle
that I'm working with sitting down
sitting sitting you know somehow found a
lower angle to McDonald does be on the
knees there yeah I hope you have good
good did I also to know Carol be cold
not me out yep clearly 27 teams would be
in a sentence I would have to say and my
goal or service that's not a healthy
combination at all well I enjoy it sorry
just up this really amazing conversation
wondering what you guys do and I know
what you're doing but we never stolen
I've maybe to Maya my little helpers
today Oh little Santa's helpers what is
your search match the dosage because I'm
having a great fucking day Joe hold it
up tears and sir didn't see if you just
disappear we just hang the on what the
hell hold you up
Brian steal this time shirt I was
probably wearing it that day we should
maybe try to wrap Luke up and put them
on the tubes yeah we'll have to chop me
in a little bit how about you put your
shirt in one of them and then you wear
the poster come on I really like this
how many more do you have to do one
thousand two hundred one of the lamps
for filtering you look like a pizza boy
I'm gonna put a pizza head on you
matches if they came in boxes like this
no GI calzone content think that Zach
the pizza delivery year been the peaches
delivery well actually yes I did touch
me it's for loss on time to eat
that's it oh well opens package but it's
surprised
I mean medal it's for you looked forward
it's for us you open this it's not gonna
be us again I'll say it was from my
knife store this is called the toast
Satan a lollipop
how many Scoville is this big nine
million I know
shit this way I want to try it fuck your
veteran seems like dice why do they say
like you're kind of like a badass you
keep singing about for five minutes
oh my god by five minutes then you like
lose feeling in your tongue in like
three howard went so uh loss of feeling
really this is nine one one one person
yeah no I'm not going to do that let me
see it up close to look good it looks
like a little fingernail it also be the
Ditka students please do by the way I
don't want to put any part of Satan in
my mouth Satan's dick it's like a really
hot so see I just say the things it's
about something shit about the thing she
what kind of pointy a sticks what that's
got on it you think seen as like a
smooth dick you play the clone that's
excuse this product is extremely spicy
and has potential to cause skin and warm
out the irritation
who's trying to I don't know you parent
when can you survive five old minutes of
attempting neither do you big bro
I personally that was 1 million coming
out I don't know about five minutes of
nine times what I do have a problem with
Satan's dick man I do I don't think it
should be in Jason you don't look on
things dick Joe not today
I think if I'd go to hell with the real
hell I might happy voices okay
actually the toilet suite I bet
Tarantino would be all about that you
think about this toe of Satan why the
toe students luck on toes you got a foot
fetish you ever get no no no I would do
it did they wash your feet first
okay today only a League of the wedding
bride I want you to look at the two the
tooth the tooth is the tote the toe
things they used by adult only no I'm
not trying that Jason my Troy that's
disgusting
oh you guys want to try this oh sweet
we learn better life come on I already
have acid reflux don't kill me it might
help the answer it's like Wendigo would
hate India I knew it I think Jason like
Jason you're gonna make Jason do it so
nine times hotter than what I did look
what someone said was happening we want
the toe of Satan laying through a candy
company comes possibly the hottest candy
on the planet well here's the thing
though unless people are down to swap
fluids it's going to be one person I
don't know I don't know if we have
anyone that's ballsy enough to do it
Jason's coming down for you said are you
lying or you know no I so make sure that
you're not like Jason's down for it and
I'm like okay good then you go back to
Jason you and he has said nothing in
your life Phil says you have to do it so
Jason is 100 said that this morning was
okay wouldn't be doing but I'll know if
he's gonna do like the whole thing I
told me to you know a couple licks
simply love he didn't say that he has
you to challenge it was written about I
mean you can try to do it if you want
like warning you this product is
extremely spicy and potential to cause
skin to end or mouth irritation and then
it's low-carb so there's that
get that little goes bro I'm on a
low-carb diet I don't have a - totosai
today and a sore throat dude rock
Deborah
sounds good I wanted to go beautiful
wants to do it me effects and I usually
really good at this I know
got it still where you walking away you
already you already given up so I need
to get permission do you say I Jason I
just agree to take the teller Satan and
I really
so like routinely I guess is weird to
repeat for me but your uh yeah making
you everybody gather around
that's a pointy day watch your fingers
guys yeah don't lick your eyes you're
actually going to do the five minute
thing right that's a challenging all
right ambush a bullpen you do anything
yet Emily is it again hot there's an
Italian you're going to be shit and fire
for like we do you have a heart
condition or anything there look like an
active oh yeah I think so we took it
over so everybody good he stopped at
1:39 and you still holding himself
pretty good oh my god I feel man how you
feel you do here's some this is our
Sears here's a throbbing oh man better
get the peanut butter because if you
mnemonics help the man out he was brave
enough to do this I don't know what yeah
you totally before hot right yours are
like burning yeah okay Jude never get up
some sugars so noble thing you like a
real toe you just suck on that
holy fuck well we yeah nothing your
pants on okay well are you every benefit
to break up you want your benefits ever
challenged yeah hey good job man I'll go
back a bit
well thanks everybody that was so much
fun you wanna say anything else to the
people you know sings dick it's fuckin
like Joe looks like buddy for baby
driver John Hamm right it looks like you
picture me that's on in yeah baby driver
alright bill anything you wanna say any
last words for the day I have a great
fuckin gang bo-beautiful ending
