oh look at that a lot of lovin you got
house they go oh my interesting stuff
going on in the world that's where it is
word for it interesting I'm just tired
tired you can work it out you can sleep
in health fulfills life goes I just want
to get an updated a Phil's like I like
that type it feels like you're a
financial adviser even if I am good I'm
taking in the world's information oh my
god everything is so fucked you all
right no it's clearly crazy there are
days where things are so horrible that
I'm just like why I just covered like
shit maybe you should just turn this
show into like puppies and little pets
will pet show then I would respect
myself like testa Franco such an asshole
and a cynic about so much content if I
just lowered the bar just so it'd be
here and I could just be loved it'd be
different but you ever get nervous after
a big story comes out like this week
well what's your process when something
like this that I asked a few certain
people what their thoughts are on it
alright so I can kind of get an outside
perspective on some stories research as
much as possible to see if there's
information that's not being discussed
that's usually like the juicy bits is
usually there's a reason something
excluded I stopped fully carrying a
buttock what people followed by opinion
but it's still like it still still
doesn't stop my fucking brain from
hurting from some of the legitimate
responses like what people believe and I
try and put myself in their shoes and I
understand sometimes where they're
coming from but it still doesn't change
the fact that when you see that level of
hate yeah is like so the world
appreciate that you're here you're not
home
yeah it some of the world majority of
the world you know Oh majority that
watch that you do t know there you have
it won't anything happening to it
I just much random stuff there were just
no themes they have been trying to see
it any national days are up with dole
kind of boring I woke up at 1:00 this
morning by the way I'm just like I'm
fucking dead inside tell me something
positive so it's what some sexy in New
York you are try you're trying to like
get water out of a stone right so Kaiba
say a happy word what's a happy word
which I have a place Hawaii that a good
one Keith to make something cool you put
you in Hawaii right now
you're in Hawaii why I gotta be positive
I don't understand because we really
want to make people happy and smile we
want them to make you'll forget for a
couple minutes
Bali Bali do better and put you in Bali
starting a blog oh right a lot of lovin
you got you that good though we are
mounting him Altec thing oh you want to
watch him kids did my dog help um how
good is she with a screwdriver
she's pretty good pretty hand I see it
we got one right here Tariq Amir but
here's what I just hate don't hate oh so
you guys are wood so the job booking now
I'll just sit around you watch your
tongue anneal away humans have too many
bathroom breaks have a real problem with
dandruff hello Kel you look like a train
going here assembly line of stretch so
we are mounting the brick walls to the
wall looks like just like in between two
buildings very narrow arms you just have
to be able to like get places where
nobody else can reach their sound fence
that's willing to lose all your bothered
by things that sound sexual Joe this is
news to me let me tell you one what is
this angle what is this someone sent me
a window coming out that's so pathetic I
feel like I'm abusing lovely it's nice
I'm like going up there lady that's
waiting for them on the outside there's
a lady waiting for the offender ship
give it a two o'clock the hinges aren't
touching oh no no no see the sand is
your help into the water
this is a Beaver's dam it's my houseboat
I didn't want to do like open water
cause like it's there French or like
open water that'd be really pretty what
they're like no we got to make sure it's
a beach right but like when you step off
that wherever that is are you stepping
onto the sand or into the water
both are you know depends on high tide
and low tide francs to learn French
doors over doors I attend a French hello
yeah fresh negative sold goods me cuz
cuz in a logic isn't going to look up
you're looking forward to a window
yeah I gotta be saving for your stay in
a freaking corner welcome I was months
ago
remember that pity story she had she
would be a victim of her own thing she'd
ever said a word I wanna wind up I'm out
everyone else to get the windows but I
was new not alleging words minute we've
had a mirror to be able to see the real
world I don't look at a beach tune
running let me see this room oh wow it's
like a set man corners are all ninety
degrees and it's all straight up picking
I'm happy
hey peel babsy creating a pretty good
it's all we need is a pretty good team
Zack I did good work everybody
all around you're super excited I wish
we had a unit so I hope you two like
scoot around right here for a minute but
okay know what to use yeah that's a
bring earn on Monday okay Monday can you
just bring her in everyday like oh
they're probably good look as he's
loving it if you rub our bellies with
the owner
such a good plot bit this day this is
that best my bitch she's oh she is the
assistant director of my chief fun
officer PSR 13 Jesus stress reliever
this is the thing she's fucking moan
yeah those people inside oh wow what is
that you know what I'm winded
pretty hot who do you think that year
for sending his drives that was nice of
you those puppies can get it
fancy Carmel anti-rabies within them but
shot well then on the Google a started
on the colors what the hell is this
clinic a network attached storage device
will do it let's everyone on a network
attached storage device basically a hard
drive that anyone on our network in that
good for moving files around and for
storage taken in account so we can fit
it apparently the way it's set up
if anyone connect that this in their
like mobile device to which we call it
bitch already got Drobo issues and big
boy net loosest sniff sweets net kisses
calling that caters solely for me right
here when I said your net kisses had
been successfully upgraded great name
no you can't get me looking like this
yeah I got would select another cell
phone and yacht to make a couple there's
the money to us with the count wait so
how many times we had you guys had
uploaded in the third time first version
twice the second time i like didn't put
much tag in it so that maybe the tag do
you want to take I'm trying to a
different cut I think I can say this so
I got a call like about an hour before
where YouTube made their announcements
about the changes to like monetization
the appeals process stuff like that and
they're like cording to these new
numbers three of the philip defranco
channel videos they're currently not
monetizing go through the appeal process
and 10% of the philly be videos have
been be monetized i don't know what's
wrong with the vlog channel i don't know
what you guys are doing 10% of our
videos all of a sudden one day just one
about app monetization because some
people may be but then howard I don't
have to sit through that video say they
said bad words I think you're giving
them a little bit too much credit they
watch 10 percent of our videos and
dinged us no I saw getting the algorithm
hit us so they're like Joe's too
annoying annoying in this video
I need a hit me back I even hit me for
the Playboy cover when the whole point
of the story was that there's no more
nudity in Playboy yeah dumps until of
substance I know people going to tell
with something watching the video at the
ball well perhaps it could flavin
already only says that I stabbed it I'm
pretty take away your harpy oh my that's
actually kind of fucked up I feel pretty
bad let me fix that
