hey how are you only dark one will be
doing everybody what do we do it or go
any what move to go and see Phil man's
body guard Ryan Reynolds all right AM
Jackson alright probably some other
people that bring was I know I saw how
much it would cost to have bodyguards at
VidCon we're just getting one next time
and like it's just going to be a buddy
of yours that's just the cut eating the
cereal while he's driving
I love it
the alcohols in here like that it came
in like a character on TV today once you
get out of margarita on a fancy label
and I love female Jacqueline Ryan
Reynolds and delicious
oh my gum my girl I have company I
thought the first avatar was great I'm
really excited to see all right I was
born right I'm excited for this video
we're gonna we did by both love you
single-handedly ruined the word
motherfucker motherfucker you're a fan
of the word motherfucker you gonna like
dis noise I want to know how cheesy was
so I thought it play is like a fun
summer movie you can stop now
is it a cool action I laugh plus have
got the beautiful gorgeous Ryan Reynolds
I like the action and I think I was
saying I was saying Amanda I don't think
that like the movie would work without
those
yeah has to be it has to be those two so
now Joe and several other guys are gonna
go do stuff is uh I have to go to grown
people Stephanie get to be fun stuff
that's part of the gig far the gig now
hey guys what's that how are we doing
right now we're at the hit man's
bodyguard training day we're doing a
series of challenges right now we're
going to be doing the laser fit parkour
laser or laser tag I'm scared and we're
going to go go-karting any after that
bring a flower arranging pretty hardcore
training day for sure I made you guys
searched of there's 15 there's your sir
girl you know your feelings
I don't know how we're going to
determine the winners whatever came to
sweaty it wins
oh yeah getting dressed I'm busy running
I'm really scared
are you a helper stretcher yeah body
gods re my god that's a very cool body
guys all right I'm a little dumb for
that we all know how to pull up Oh quick
games you new to do a little stressed
Oh
right now are you only died 1-0 Zack
Zack how do you think you're doing now
well I'm doing are you sweaty I am are
you getting sweaty yeah sweaty too big
or feel once again Porter come are you
getting sweaty Hillary yeah I miss
course we stop right house what are you
that guy oh he's a ninja
are you a ninja I used to be I don't
know how ten ever and if what it is 20
man to breathe Oh No
alright alright alright bringing a hit
man okay did you just go scare with the
10s 20 are you come in the middle
there's a lot going on in the brach 15
solid eight how are you 1 through 10 is
10 drip delete oh okay attend seven
minutes to three when I got my body is
wet
probably better just okay good yes it's
good I'm going to be zero
I'm going to go with it I got a need for
quickness this is the go-kart place
we're going to race in Elkhart so I
think it's a right cool
that is so creepy let's just say I'm
gonna pretend like I'm on the 405 at
about 4 o'clock in the afternoon I'm
going to use my nitro my nitro boosts if
you in my way I'm up to 10 like you're
not there and I'm gonna push you out
imma come in early banana peels in the
pocket he'll be finding it work I'm
going to be the turtle and everyone's
going to be the rabbit and then they're
going to fuck up in a non you know way
start off with a strong lead hit the
brake enter everybody and then I'm going
to use secret so the gas pedal parents
are further than them how many is my
intellect to outwit them feel like a
condom this must be what penis feels
like any last words
this is Helen telling wheel
they're accounting you feel buddy
they're like I might have done well I
did but not one I was on the drift
however it being dealt
I thought your haircut helps you go a
little faster a little more aerodynamic
the result we've got Brian's back
Hillary Keith Brianna Danielle Hillary
another bunt average but I had the best
plan I'll bake it soon your numbers here
by our left and on average I was yeah
that was more than everybody but I was
really here under five again I was
awesome those are fun I'm surprised as
it feel to be a winner I'm always
playing oh alright
right now what the hell we doing we're
going to go flower arranging
now for the next channel you gotta vote
each motherboard you delete the
motherfucker so I get the competition of
to make the prettiest 5 right yeah we're
gonna line them all up for you and then
you're going to choose the top three of
the term in the winter my plan is to cut
them at an angle and then shuck it like
a corn all right Briana what's the
strategy here make it look pretty
my plan is to put these flowers into
this glass I'm just going to be neat
live like that's pretty bright thank you
you're pretty gentle put some flowers do
not like to live so whenever you eat
something - I like some flowers and see
design much requires holders or no to it
that's okay you need an engineer
all right I want to make one for my wife
are you gonna take mine I'm making it
sure your wife's a work in the hands
work 919 blowing on bird calls be honest
trying to cheat 70 will jack they won't
be the focus on her own piece for not
never seemed going to share things and
really came to do the fucking misery I'm
on the table lady he's available
she's laughing - laughing people trying
to ticket the budget is the funny part
is fun this is nothing intense Missy is
the rightful foot complete I don't know
what the fucking boom I've never seen
come on
that's it Wow Ugly Duckling you know
they ugly now but hopefully it'll be a
swan one day for your wife yeah
everybody's work here I like this one
there's a variety Brian damn it Brian
wait I like this one that oh shit kind
of like this one could it sounds crazy
by you guys to net around right we got a
paladin stores the fuck you cannot luck
in my class and everybody have fun so
the winner of hitman birth bodyguards is
the body guy
I think what toss it was when Hillary
said that your sweat rating with zero
work hard you listen alright so your
prize is a hug from Phil like it won't
be a hesitant hug either right husband
yeah will surprise you we get through
second place yeah yeah well maybe you
could maybe I can run Phil yeah so how
are you so great
guess what one you're gonna be mean
greater am I going to be like America
yeah
like America so we just got back well
kind of from the events the hit man
thing and why the fuck does the camera
give you a speech impediment you are a
very well-spoken man oh em I don't know
if it's the happen to focus and pointing
it's like you're speaking with a
repeater on I don't that that word every
time like I don't have to happen again
nearly new dance damn now I Mexican
government usually I'm wired up and
they're telling me what to say in all
the videos it hired me just found you
Phil okay this one miracle anyways yes
of the event we have some news oh yes
ready sponsored video yeah we didn't
punch a little competition and fly to
guards came up on time that was aware of
what you guys did
yeah wait but do you know you want I
don't know this heap it was a Breanna
Zack and Danny put the body goes first
Keith the that guy Brian and it would be
Elia Hillary Hillary right seriously
what is it
nobody is a camera he's a who am i what
is line don't worry I don't know we'll
all of it today
anyways day one till and they got a
great prize Gilda prizes what a hug from
you a hug yeah the buddy guys get a hug
you should have sent the punishment now
it's a surprise so I feel it could be a
punishment
I feel very that I'm talking someone
giving money it's like you just
congratulating them on doing such a good
job as Ilya one at a time yeah we'll get
one out of time things and Danny's not
here so we're gonna have to first
wisely
hold on hold on Oprah's as well your
hands are so cold oh my god Joe why are
your hands so cold have for circulation
all right all right burn out another of
sunburn so please away okay I'm not
gonna hug you like you're a cosplayer
okay yeah
ah why are you so close all right then
Danny's out here you know what you know
what Brian did a really good job though
I think Brian oh yeah let's do that hug
that Brian you know what that hood I
like that he actually did the pro hug
you know do you know this sign of a bro
hug would it
tap-tap oh and there's a tat tent and
you know great all right so thanks for
letting us go fuck around for a couple
hours and thanks to hit man's bodyguard
for taking these people out of my
fucking face for again quite thorough
okay I actually the whole reason we
brought Jason on so you can go out for
adventures as well all right cool thanks
Bill I mean I saw the trailer boys look
very funny I'm a fan of the bodyguard
the Kevin Costner we could use two
joints except you talked about the
bodyguard instead of some some purses
Whitney the movie is called the
bodyguard who is he participate was
Molly or wouldn't
