so I'm going oh yeah yeah okay do
anything cool doing this daily walk
around the office mixer nobody fucking
up no it doesn't no one's having fun or
feeling good about themselves
I'm going to walk past you just keep the
thing pointed at them let's just see
what their reactions okay oh I know
still they all start working a little
bit harder I was like okay so I hear
them talking I'm Roman I want what was
forward in Kerala me in the what is hey
guys welcome very fresh onion idea you
can refer to the sports blonde every
shot
remember works but we saw just a cable
sports chat an Olympic sport
I saw someone awesome insane on the
comments but I don't know if that's a
real look at keywords in mascot keep
that you're letting just for sure a
sport we're like were you a cheerleader
anyone who's a mascot but I was looking
out really happy on that or not and they
have a competition
yeah which would make it a sport look
you guys are these guys are dark ability
is thrown out of your life while pounds
of video camera let's dress got in high
school will semester we were the Lions
so your denial war big ass line Cosby
yes listen to this I don't know probably
the school probably has footage I don't
ask him for some on you keep summer
night it was a small school so glad I
grew up at a time where people were
fucking filming everything
people got to set up like conversion
bullshit to be able to like pull out me
it's all the same that exists on name is
320 by 240 what was this video what are
we doing is hard so yes sir so I'm going
oh yeah yeah okay so do you want
anything just soon you know
a business for me but I don't think
anything any toy under $25 anything have
enough James quick good toy under $25
big change nothing drain his face I knew
he's gonna say wait this is going to be
old by the time this goes up have you
seen that video of Alex Jones dancing
with a fidgets winner you know best
thing in the world
if I buy that glowy such as Benner woods
you can we remake that as like yes pour
you a new audience Billy Dee blog now
the live studio audience I'd love to
just like get you in a car and then
drive past again I will hold that
against you I know where you work hey
you alright
as we're going on an adventure for you
get text 30 good today are killing it oh
my life okay turn your face to the
cottage see now you have two big kids
going
yeah but this trip is for you but only
going to take you mom dad it finally
takes you to Toys R Us because you've
been good I like the idea of like it's
mom and dad and I'm sitting back like a
fuckin Triple A Yammer kid
five dollars can you get for $25 um you
can get five showers I think we didn't
mean to get like a little gift basket
you know yeah okay there's my two pants
yes what do these did you get okay here
this is fun
all right we need these for the office
oh yeah good a bad choice what Dave I'm
trying to share the love let's get it
it's good all right guys the best day
ever
Sarah and get you for Trey some cars I
should get something for Carter that's
cute right
for Carter okay I'm a tooth magnet all
right guys on ice cream okay cool I'll
get you some ice cream
I'm rolling my cash okay we did a guy
$25 worth of goodies yeah Betty did it
bill finally did it Phil is one thing or
the multiples like you know how to get
that value bill so I got a couple things
I forgot some play-doh that not for just
one look not you to Paulina I got a
little something for tray Oh cars
how sweet oh yes some cheap looking car
on a budget bill uh-huh
then I got this for David Carter coming
Thank You giraffe I guess that's a dress
I think so it's a poor giraffe with a
short neck the Pixar movie about this
draft all right and then I got I got
these eight gonna would you dig sir
least and I heard about these things the
first time when Christmas they were the
big one but there's one more film plus
one more if you're gonna Alex Jones this
shit um Bennett so he was he was loving
it can't do it I don't got those Alex
Jones move I don't know I'm not taking
that male vitality you can do it so get
that just for you it's really no stupid
come on I can put it in slow-mo we could
throw a little music behind it I'll just
sell this to the cool in
I hate it I hate this I hate me for even
even just going along with you for five
seconds hey you know stretch out that no
you're going to stretch it out because I
I know how the fucking keys at it it's
gonna be like moving here it'll be
upside down we fuckin got so fucking
take I don't need more toys in my house
and also this is a choking hazard stop
trying to kill my child like stuck in
this place of I know you're gonna fuck
me with the Edit but I also don't want
to be the guy that doesn't play along
because that guy uh okay Papa Joe damn
good farm with what happened over a ride
and someone to do it kind of hurt I mean
it hurt him oh you could do the youth
pastor I wish I could do anything with
my hair you can make some sweet like
shrubbery design yo you should getting
chemically screams but like as I grew
out it's just kind of like teepees ah
bad look screaming or killing this shit
people goddamn it I enjoy your lunch
dude you can't say that I did not do it
not do it no no we got need content on
you check going on just do a random
unless you edit it do it works wonders
is do it more need a stretch or anything
never miss something at every dish like
our window I was nervous because you
sort of happened you got to do it again
like just came out I want people to make
something out of it like cut you out and
then make up picture what's the update
on you 90 years like why you hey I'm
going to happen I'm just saying what I
take table unicycular I'm Way too big
for it bill so we have an issue on the
unicycle it's not going to happen
it's a kid's unicycle and I might number
trying to prepare for it another thing
that I don't want to keep ripping I know
people who sent it to me and they're all
chill about it
okay it's okay do a defense we could
make a little animation of you yeah in a
loft so we'll just we'll just replay
that again a different backgrounds it
look like it definitely definitely shine
my ball very long boy your wall on the
cycle yeah I can do this soon here watch
these days arms are sore from you riding
the unicycle right Emily so we're going
to get a demonetized to this pretty good
and when you're mean by they way to be
so even care - it around there's got to
thank Adam and hooked it up Thank You
Adam
and you're enjoying them it is horrible
yeah the lights on all right stop it
basically our staff to relate a doctor
with a gal behind the Hilary cartridge
