oh yeah belfry copy the other good punch
what about it deflated already all he
said you stabbed it right though
basically we had a very big show I mean
James was probably more busy than I was
we had a 19 minutes show that I mean we
shaved down for time to eight two and a
half minutes fans is that how to do some
stuff for that we haven't announced yet
for the elite Peach is kind of like a an
extra little thing and then a lot of it
but you informs me that I didn't we had
I didn't realize we had mail we always
said men so but where is it where is it
oh it's not nice to them there's so much
open space okay Amanda's smirking like
she did on purpose this is punishment
because Luke didn't look like a unicycle
oh and horrifying inside-out oh my god
it was scary but it's demonic so I
noticed from the last wall people are
angry at Luke they didn't get on the
unicycle but love them because the seven
shirt that's so lucky yes we have been
wearing something else even a
roosterteeth love them yes I laid it
down like this today there we go I feel
like how can I pandered that's what the
male over there yeah yeah I'll put some
of it in this one is from somebody whose
name is not on the package a cervical
collar this from fans IKEA here's
something for all the neck pain oh you
son of a bitch I didn't understand it
for a second but seriously keep on
fighting a good fight guard against
false equivalencies and don't let the
biases win I look forward to seeing your
impact at all and still be a great
thumbnail you just look another
clickbait I like very heads-up doing it
this is what happens when you have on
base I think my my neck might be too
fast or you need people see Brian Brian
ahead of you like that would be a great
thumbnail focus
now I did a sad face your double option
I knew that they to pepper that's the
problem
this is also from someone who does it
not these gifts are actually for Jill
I've been watching a lot of the author's
blog to pass the time lately and I've
seen the shots of joe enough but getting
to go to Toys R Us or at least not
getting his read bong he was promised so
I figured I would go there for Phyllis
funny when we grab stoking and look at
my man Adam gave me $25 to Toys R Us
what are you gonna get
I don't know Phil but means that we have
to go now I already have a red ball get
a guess I want to inflate it for it done
dumb give it to Brian Ryan I need this
inflate it there we go supposed to make
it hard for third pumping why you see
something is from Rob fuck yes oh not
bad ooh oh man I barely I almost cut my
congratulations on the streaming and
your team definitely deserve it thank
you I agree okay here again the creator
of zombie fortress calm the original
online source was Ivan partridge
holy shit oh I like that that's awesome
there's so many fucking talented people
watch it up everyone this challenge and
ascend in shit I'm like oh thank you I
got a Kickstarter 64-page hand-drawn
blah blah blah awesomeness
Thank You sex to the fucker after why
you forgotten the other good punch
waterfront it deflated already all he
says is that I stabbed it I'm / take
away your harpy
that's actually kind of fucked up I feel
pretty bad we fix that I just think of
the consequences of the joke I don't
know you just hurt my feelings my whole
I don't care about your feelings I hate
I care more that I stabbed a president
sub what sentence
we got Christopher James Cristo Kristoff
Jake Bellamy University student a
french-canadian you make American
politics a new interesting lovely face
love love love love even though it's
poor you on to Franco Elite I want to
give you a token of my gratitude for all
the work you put in Peggy packs you will
find maple syrup ouch
well granulated maple sugar brown paper
cream code you send other maple candy
Christoph thank you my friends Canadians
in the Irish they're like our nicest
than nicest parts of the nation
sorry everywhere else why do you power
Joe and everything he does to me hey
here's the calendar for Joe for 2018
with a holiday every day yes bill every
day hey nationally maybe there's some
better ones than a fucking pickle day or
whatever the stupid bullshit you
sometimes there are ways who okay sorry
I got really close all the word bakery
but then I also went along the stack is
Benedict oh whoa
okay I'm gonna mispronounce your name
dear Phil my name is Alasdair and i have
been a fan of the show since your
backwards cap day growing up with your
unbiased news coverage has been a
refreshing part of my day for the past
10 years look at this work because even
a big part of my life I want to give
back and share what I do with you I've
been working as a graphic designer for a
bakery and artisan bakery based in
Toronto Canada I told you Canadians its
brain inside this fact I've included
some punished lag because I know how
much you love punch
oh that's cute the little baby Carter
more maple syrup to Canadians no schwag
to the researcher yes ma'am video media
taste body mini
baguette thank you my friend that was
very very kind looks like you hurt your
neck at the beach okay this one is from
oh this is from ignorant sand so this is
a guy from des franc Lily from the
discord that because of that I've
started like actively playing a player
known battleground let's see what the
fuck is this Sam there's instruction one
throughout the instructions because
Philip DeFranco does not take orders
from anyone show everything I mean
should I throw it out now to show
everything in the box wood burning is
the main event
understand some of this stuff was to
fill the empty space in this box for the
first ever
things I mean counting the letter v
clean up the mess I made it definitely
not gonna do it I'm gonna do dojo you
have to do it it is a drink own I don't
that's a random finger at any mate this
is a bulb
Oh Jo second chance I'm not I'm not even
talking about even looking searching go
see fourth chance become usage in God
jo joke six Jen that's at room 77 today
oh wow okay Sam I see why that's the
main show oh I keep seeing his name I
keep thinking he's just misspelling
Instagram is actually a poo that's
making me dizzy
okay this one is from my Kylie mile oh I
think that's a picture for the nursery
you are my greatest adventure
oh and there's no feeling like that ah I
think it was kind of choking me alright
well that was fun
what a might wait hold on what am i uh
Toys R Us card go did you steal it so
all right well I'm gonna use it I'm
going towards alright what do you do
with $25 I'm sure I can buy some gum or
something yeah still ready yeah I love
it or hate it
what do you think so you like them
except this is what you hired me to do
I'm really missing some mixers yes mess
look at your face hey don't you doing
art why do you have we're bored hey ya
know why do you have an air horn but not
at max volume I feel like an angel like
that you could be kill me why you have
that it comes in handy
are you moment for really basically
Perez Nick burns we're done here bye bye
thank you sir boom
fuck you oh it's not funny Mike no it's
not funny
you're right you're gonna regret this
bill
