haha how you doing good I'm not gonna
have two birds one cell one wrinkly
toaster you just got everything in going
to going to rock through as many as
possible and then to listen em - oh
woodsey for the new book club which
we're gonna be doing at the end of the
month you want to be part of it during
Frank LeBoeuf Club that town I don't
know why like this is our vlog I feel
like I just went to someone else's
Channel and I plugged my own shit but
I'm sorry I'm just like in I'm in the
zone I'm like a very happy that I'm
knocking two things out at once I've
seen knocked in three Birds oh it's one
stone gemstone that mugger oh and for
hey blog content everything I do is
helping us I'm so great what I've been
realizing by just reading comments is
that by by trying to explain both sides
really exactly it's polarizing in itself
I only introduced a show for me cuz
because I know I know some of your
opinions on things and I think that that
is so interesting to see the edit at
three execute you want to make a video
where you just let it all out let it all
out I had weird opinion scare ones well
like we discussed earlier I think pretty
comes like I should be here for this
part of the conversation do you actually
think that I can't tell if you dude I
don't know what you really feel about
anything what's beautiful about everyone
else in the offices no actually knows
their opinions on anything yeah I you
get to live in this this fantastical
world of we just exist and don't have to
send by like opinions on extremely
polarizing issue try to handle it
properly whether you do a good job so
there are days where I'm like what if I
just quit the show I surround the camera
in a daily vlogger again did you realize
that after three months of that I would
put a bullet in my brain
dad dude f one page
there are no heaters here it was bad
back to burn less rectum so they keep
stabbing on my haters but sometimes they
sat back that's what I heard I don't
know when if the hair is bad back what
do you do you know we don't know because
Jay Paul block them yeah
disappointed dead toys no the worst part
of this though what because we're not
addressing what I'm talking about
everyone's going to assume very specific
thing and then the question is do you
address it if you address any complaint
any speculation any assumption then any
time don't in the future people even
assume that there's a reason why you're
not saying something
well why so many famous people don't
fucking respond to anything I'd be one
of those days when I Oh Phil I lost all
the footage of the pledge well you talk
about Joe those days have never happened
at all the time I just reshoot
everything right if it's reaching
everything everyone back to one will see
how the audio turned over to that so no
the microphone what does the twins using
too much poison 100 foot greatness to be
playable hot or not okay me I'll just be
friends yes in serial five minutes ago
like at each other's throat and now
they're like let's just all be friends
no no we're not wearing a sort of
fucking moron the comments about where
the bear oh we gotta play some some type
of game who wore it better to the white
shirt Brian is a racist Gophers so this
is dispensing camo fuck you you're wrong
give me an alternative what's better
anything else
chauffeur's or anything like if you make
like crafts on the on the pot so then
you can add you know four times the
middle expensive Kraft Mac and cheeses
okay but craft on the pot you had more
butter than us but a box of Kraft Mac
and Cheese is a dollar okay and how much
is a Stouffer's bullshit mac and cheese
with broccoli agreeing the Bronco it's
green it's percolation
okay so crack or Stover's oh no because
I also said Kraft if you make em the pot
with more butter is that a cut for
portability sake to bring it to work
what you're gonna do just you don't have
a thing of saran wrap on the whole thing
we don't think with those Kraft Mac and
Cheese horrible cuffs for like three
weeks
and I moved on to Stouffer's that's not
moving on that's a little bit different
it got a little tired of the taste of
craft for a while then I'm Shelby that
Georgia for Anita shells and cheese okay
that's the only negative thing of
everything else probably a show Melvina
melody that'll be the shells and cheese
and the pan beats everything
we'll do a taste test with mac and
cheese the whole office like spread out
I'm doing
apparently Brianna would pick up some
fan mail and the package so big she
can't get out of a car
mostly pun pie total package absolutely
not public right
this is an even finer package I think
this is perfect man I was what shirt
kind of bald down here yeah why does it
Park all the way over here Brad do you
want to film and then we take this out
it looks very not head look at that
let's go throw it out just be a little
more gentle with it you know nothing
it's just you know sometimes rough isn't
always the way to commit it well make
this happen
big well let's put it in the room that
came through I'm hoping that it is
otherwise now it's too light I don't
think it is no it's not oh this is a
foot shot I thought this was a
difference in this is right thank you
yeah well never mind there no note okay
thank you
mystery person it looks like TJ Maxx but
for some reason this character has
breasteses
maybe the muscle to go cheap at but
booby life and thank you to whoever it's
not that but okay I had the wrong ones
I'm going to losing here someone watched
one of the last videos and they've got
this for you at the present home y'all
got me a unicycle we do they do yeah I
know exactly who did it it's the discord
people yes now you have to you have to
you have to I have an idea build it up
and you got a balance that while a news
is that seem today so now you got to
live up to the Yankees have to help your
line I'll do it it's tough to ride a
unicycle but like right in the bike race
all right oh that's don't yeah you know
just putting it together it's like a
bike but not nearly as much to build but
also like writing it is not really like
riding a bike I'll put it together know
what you know all right cool it smells
what the insulation
now on the letter O the pinata for what
it was just third in the box
hey softness I looked empty yeah is this
thing loaded so this is from village
ilandia
otherwise a lot of night stuff in here
and then it says I'm sending you this
giant PJ masks and Jana because I saw
your snapchat a tree likes PJ masks
thought he loved this over only scared
from it and wanting to destroy it
features the ladder make sure you fill
in shirt so now let me know oh my god
let me know if you need any other pinata
slash candy needs and in parenthesis
tips with nips pinata it sounds like a
great idea
don't tell James oh and also you can go
to dr. Landy and use coupon code over
50% off just kidding I don't care about
free publicity so I don't know if the
code word subscribe thank you though
cool oh so you missed the fuckin train
job when this is so we've been doing
this for 93 takes understood of each
other balance the pinata understand you
so I passed him and I asked him about it
and he said that it's going to take time
Lou Kaiser has a very valid point he
doesn't wanna get hurt
or he's a lying finger but I also want
to push a guy to go on a unicycle could
be my herb mr. weed it's been like a day
then maybe tomorrow I okay we'll see we
can do motor program over here and we'll
have a conversation okay cool
Joe is asking how long do you think
it'll take for you to get used to it use
ik probably like a few days maybe a week
not tomorrow
Oh a long time those it is when we go
out I was going to say you're a faker
sorrow
I like an L to worry about his own
fucking personal safety huh and he just
needs some time
well he won't look like he's skilled at
it too like you know you're doing yeah
and it's been six years since I've
ridden in the inner Nick you're gonna
need a new house with video now I know
for your time let me make like an
animation just to get people excited
maybe I mean that's my health insurance
kick in thing you covered by workman's
comp
oh yeah what do we put this in the other
oh why was it creeping you I thought you
guys we're going on my cut side play
around here and say great hold on yeah
so I'm making a Matthew Briana you enjoy
your lunch
veggie sandwich to hear that what
another made they'll smell it man I like
right level level exact set up the
pinata its portray but we're going to do
we're gonna let you give like one hit
because your birthday's in what two
weeks and you have one hit any what the
weapon is the walking dead type of shit
I mean okay go clear what were you gonna
aim for right the deck deck and that
depend on it
alright right here okay here we go you
got one hand pretty girl you got one hit
be safe feel like a very girl alright I
just think go up I'm not gonna hit it
too harsh and I feel like this week a
supertanker give me one more reason to
be okay last time pretty won't know the
double Kristi
yeah it's like the shittiest candy we
have jerk we use every packet of sugar
in the raw hey that's some good damage
happy birthday really good mac and
cheese Guerra
let's go guys I can show you Minna
sponsored by spring cool right Cola
wait Canaris mac and cheese yes so good
okay thank you at least we can agree on
that is that it is Viva
it's like four dollars or this little
thing but it is so good it's so good
