okay okay okay okay oh hi how are you
doing today why do you sound so
exhausted like I know those guys but
like you you actually get sleep okay so
you don't know a bad idea I'm not
looking forward today I'm just gonna
bounce a little bit you guys made your
back die I'm just kidding I'm fuck I'm
gonna cut in the gurney this shit does
that mean you guys talk a lot about it
I'd be honest with you I hate discomfort
so I'm like felissa I'm not gonna be
disappointed the audience will be
disappointed I know wait I can't let the
audience down until they that's it okay
so about mean all right all right so
we're gonna we're gonna live Simba -
it's gonna be fun - the defranco elite
guys mainly because I want I don't want
you to be able to hide anything even
that part where I started saying that
you're cutting stuff out of the Friday
show you didn't include go does that
mean this isn't going to get in again
show we're hiding the truth from the
fucking people
I've never been live Phil I think the
let's do this may be a huge mistake
are you gonna see a massive drop or
nothing Tom MacGregor this shit a vise
looking for a place bro come on just
fucking take it like a man mad I'd be a
man man hate your phone listed call your
loved ones and be like problem doing
this hot pepper challenge got to stop on
some hot peppers burn okay bro all right
everyone does what do we do what do I do
our you're so nervous yeah I mean
whatever seen you like this he came in
and he was like I looked up videos hot
me okay we went to go get you milk okay
don't drink water it's a present don't
touch your eyes there needs to be a
period of no milk tub you should know
that anything hot and resolve it someone
meeting it was his idea how you gonna
make that someone else's deal so they
actually know it it's your fault you
know what you weren't a successful
youtuber nobody would be setting this
stuff in so I think it's your fault bill
if like Chad Hurley Steve Chen never
made you to like Lodi I would never come
you want to camera what you said off
camera yesterday Joe yes pre comes a
conspiracy theory
Castle Deauville I wish remember now how
would that come up and covered we were
talking about the dick sticker on the
urethra and then he was like why do you
need it free coming up those time until
Phil come on that was that's what it is
all it is so we're gonna go to the
bathroom now we're going to get you some
pepto so I just go to the bathroom first
so nothing come out like you might shit
yourself during this let me get about
this Oh
pepto yes are you saying I might sit
myself I'm noting your I figured well
now you really welcome powder with a
little your little shiny okay I feel it
now close your mouth you know sure you
are greasy you're going to tell you I
guess my moisturizer a little more there
we go setting spray which we call it so
it's the thing that she said yes
actually not only times you're supposed
to spray it five no all right well I've
I'm Jones Brianna and you know and if
you haven't watched the vlog yet someone
sent this these lollipops and they're
hot we're going to suck on them and at
Blaine booth I blame Luke I blame Phil
for being on like you I blame I didn't
do anything I think doing a hairball how
high are are these low 1 million
Scoville whines one point for the
Trinidad scorpion yeah and I'm a ghost
pepper will go pepper all right yeah
we're opening up let's Mel like
absolutely not doing butterscotch are
you class start I got I got it I guess
feel just gonna ask this questions we're
going to answer it yeah then do we have
a winner or loser we're just we are both
losers in the culinary campanos winner
already
cheers Cheers okay that's already
fucking hot if you have any questions
for Joel for Brianna so solving all
these well I am fine yeah
where's the melt minute do we have milk
oh shit it's in the fridge it's not in
the trunk
we're good oh hello I like that well why
the big name is drew all
Bob get the middle what if I just chew
it and this one like my stomach would
die I would I would then shit myself I
can't believe it's already hot
um I'm fun I'm going fun I like it your
powers I gotta make breaks math club
look come on ask how is the how is the
marriage so far Joe don't write
I just texture that I might be crapping
myself later tonight ring a fire burning
Ring of Fire
fuck yeah this is a ring of fire
situation demon just that ring stinger
this is that real solid ring singer
oh yeah well he might already like like
Pauline oh yeah how's this I don't we've
got hold in our mouth and then we got to
answer the questions while it's still in
her mouth
oh and all time like this okay okay okay
okay
oh my some of it fuck Liana
oh what a man or a woman have to do in
your heart can't be allergic to cat and
I'm going to judge you based on liking
your flavor and talk about soft keeping
around for better what is was the best
flavor out well so I have a trash answer
unfortunately little bugger I really
like the green boss I thought the green
sauce is fucking good and I know no one
else did really good yeah I think the
green sauce I'm glad we got rid of the
tree-planting
yeah that was a waste of plastic why do
you say yeah yeah fucking garbage yeah
fucking why this guy's gonna lift well
look what we've learnt breaking apart
just keep it in your mouth then let's
give me round okay del tacos better than
talk about your uncle bud oh yeah what
then I believe me lunch sir look please
go to the Cardinal it likes to do crunch
like you write standard some people like
what what is a good thing at Del Taco
fucking fresh fries right this wrong no
welcome oh okay good I'm trying to sweat
now although I was eating the peppers
always always we had a team the recipe
on what's done with blue does the thing
it's like breaking a parson
I'm a sucker mine though brought along
you keep pulling it out I'm right okay
I'm calling the cloud you starting to
climb I mean I thought is it over oh all
right well you're like I'm fucking
rolling
that's right yeah mmm-hmm I don't think
it talkative salivating yeah you want
some of that whiskey will help I wanna
go home
yeah help Wow hey brother I'm with it
the papal dissenter booger
oh here it is oh he's like oh I'm like
really starting to swagger you have a
fan Nick yes I do normally like hot food
this is just trash right I do normally
my coppers mm-hmm don't kind of none is
still my mouth I'm just you know it's
like a lifesaver at this point yeah I
feel up boy I came in here and I got
being it got me in this bucket being a
puppy good mm-hm oh I don't know by
saying meatball well Sam told me I got
the worst part is that the peppers are
still there yeah I made this one second
can I do that mm-hmm I did oh that's a
cool part oh we're going to do this
after after you finish lollipops first
up I'll take the shop we want to do it
together
I wonder do we can wait I'll go for this
I'll wait so I was right whatever you
guys want for lunch I'll get it oh okay
cool
it's gonna be melt I'm just doing the
gelatin babe I was out my dog here oh my
god you're crying
this is humor ideas if you go I'm gonna
finish it I I am putting around our
MacGregor in this shit I'm gonna pop
some I'm fine I'm like snotty now
document all right unlock $1 an hour
Oh
no whiskey yeah oh he's not taking this
I'm just picking the hotter of the -
yeah do you think being a gentleman with
the right I know
remember you were gonna have gonna
fucking kick me out of this shit like
Colombian guys I don't think I'm gonna
I'm gonna kick the hotter one just so
they see they see I'm a gentleman I love
her yeah we're so long mind you I coated
my stomach with so many times I
pepto-bismol beforehand that like I'm
good
your friend fuck yeah so with me that
was easy I was like hell yeah pickles on
first it's done Bernie whoring who who
needs blood today the best worst thing
about LA that's the worst thing yeah I
don't tell more the paperboys you meet
some great people you must let me people
sometimes many people end up being Iced
people it sometime tonight people in the
pink city people just rambling man
you're red oh yeah cuz this is hot I'm
dumb oh all right
I think the moving around help me dude
up long as you're bad it's not bad ooh
you you are alive you are a liar it is
all right yeah would be nice it
definitely doesn't feel good in my
stomach my specially surprisingly fine
and I got a really weak stomach I'm like
I cute a lot silly I'm surprised I have
not vomited like that looks like
bubbling I'm actually feel good now yeah
oh yeah
yeah really good right this is like when
people tell you like we get in cars for
running it's like fuck you I had a run
like I could just like dude I'm not
doing something fun milk oh oh come on
I'm using them okay I don't like to
waste those so thank you yeah so much
really and if it works I do want to know
if it's a whole cow that makes a great
video if we actually squeeze nipples and
makers what I think we should go is a
cool color no no no no what the god no
really please get you know yeah about a
nipples oh I wish milk came out of mind
well we try summer melt I know bitch
solid at work what you okay point if you
throw up right now
it felt like it oh no thanks a million
no when you're like thanks I'm ill and I
don't want to waste ur department and
get a real look I'm gonna take up sick
hey my god you have an atom all right ha
ha ha Snickers right here no big right
here like really good at stopping my
throat nope not gonna let you go yeah
all that shit I'm sorry I was wasting
that though how many times I gotta tell
you someone will eat cereal chose a
million of my voicemail ability what
happened ah like new so educate show
with common bath I read a lot but I
can't retain anything all right well
thanks yeah I mean this is fun it was a
lot of fun anymore and I'm gonna get
internal fanned out real hot yeah real
hot and I'm not gonna wear deodorant for
the rest of the week that's not well
good day friends alright thanks for
watching my blog Monday oh shit that's
right I'll talk to Brianna's here we go
I appreciate that through sweetie so
make sure to get the most expensive like
fully recovered you're good yeah I'm
good now I feel great what what is the
feeling like is it like a throbbing
thing or you feeling your whole body
your whole body Pizza I just had no the
choice but to move around with
wiggle wiggle I I'm also glad that the
chances was not right in that it created
a hole in your stomach
well we don't know maybe we should do
you know huh yeah what do you wait I'm
good I'm whatever you want all thick
because we only go on side
I know and you say I'm not great at
making decisions you need it this is the
real challenge getting two people to
decide on one place to eat right I'm
that annoying girlfriend I'm absolutely
there like oh no I'm hungry
no that's what like shit what do you
seek me I thought you loved me yeah I'm
that girl Morton sounds here this
morning delivered Oh Val kidding but uh
oh no hit that post late not a saucer
but please I'm good for a Big Mac I
would love a postmates sponge
Justin any day how much money I spend on
make it happen so you don't forget it
out you know get done today
your friends are to give you purple nope
you know we did the titty twister juice
I hate ever just titty twister purple
monkey just not into that I'm trying to
go PG but yeah yeah yeah thank you at
full vogue titty twister two DS naughty
kitty
