I mean a ring my finger I mean like
you're going to look like it's hot of
shit later going to be a singing ring
anybody so you got a second we have
these two baggages the kind of time
sensitive so there might be like food or
drugs in Oh extremely spicy lollipops oh
damn
made with world's hottest chili pepper
curly 2.2 million Scoville units
I think we did but someone who gave it
to us with no no wait hello from
Slovenia sending you this because this
is probably the only thing that will
make your shows even more list I love
you show that is from and draws Amin so
thank you and draws I lose the force of
addiction so separate from their mouth
do you still want to look at there's
another one who is this are we getting
liquored this is from first attempt
distillery Adam length a lot of love in
here and then it doesn't close you will
find a bottle of whiskey I see from the
blog that you give a bottle of Jameson
on your desk for After Hours I'm sure
when you're having folks over to
interview s seat of the liquor table is
Jack makers mark on it go above as well
as my own and made it for the groomsmen
at my wedding three years ago and at the
time it was a large hit so I have been
making small batches here and there to
keep 1200 oh no so I know it's going to
be a penis Brianna let's clean it up now
I feel like I have to clean up in here
your room every now and then I just
think main impact events we do a mini
mill open is a cool concept to me like I
feel like especially in the past year
here's a small batch people like making
their own beers or electric make it
different Dobby oh wow it looks so cool
that I also want to add you drink it oh
man hmm there we lick the lollipop but
then we take a shot of whiskey so it's
so that we've numb the pain but also at
the same time power the burn alright
well I just want to present you this
with those gifts give me those lollipops
in the works well so you can't give it
to change because it'll kill James
because it's a rope I don't know yeah
we'll see if anyone wants to take a look
see I included
because I'm gonna feel like an asshole
oh so that's nice of you piece of shit
gentlemen all right well I'm gonna go
get in trouble I made a mess and then he
was like don't worry Brianna will clean
it up and I will fuck you now I have to
pick it up because I'll feel like an
asshole
nothing it's a long story if we all want
to remember back to the last time I made
a spicy food I grew up everywhere oh
there it is Oh cry okay didn't even get
the prize I was promised oh don't tell
people that it was a prize that's not
fair I thought I was gonna have to take
Bryan at the hospital you were compiling
me yeah my body started taken I ended up
throwing up a shit ton of milk being
real if you're doing a milky meaning
drinking no no that would be terrifying
outside of alcohol the only two things I
drain our water and talk about certain
college or see what is what brain what
chocolate melted I'm Ralph brand milk
and I wish you'd said what that is yeah
we boys doing it we're cap and tubes for
Hilary so that all these posters can get
out to patrons so this is what posters
go into Wow
so they're nice and safe just like that
yeah you would do it hey Kiki bounce
money's on your chin huh probably yeah
what's he doing della add new fan base I
know you're not really like super waited
on buds to worries better with things
that are like really heavy on one end
but that's just Sophie you're skilled
you're not a state you're not picking
you know like I can balance basically
anything with a center of gravity Hey
look the scarf yeah I just said what the
boy said they're helping you prep yes
they're helping me use it the lids on
and then I have a whole system I go
through and I bottle is on and then I
come back around and I put stickers on
them all right lipstick errs on man
they are turned over so that I know they
just need a culture pops in them and
then pull it on top and a little
something else that we're going to start
man and then I know that they're done
it's a good system I think it makes
things alive Esther I want to make sure
it gets out quickly efficiently and
arises up to make pull montage be packin
me Carrie okay here we go
what that uh
there's a good mood person here still
he's like staring at the computer
because they are I don't think even
works here with maybe that looks kind of
three sixteen still just figure that as
long as I haven't been murdered Noelle's
been murdered they say
well are you what's your name
you can call American Embassy in the
every publication you just got the keys
bro so tell me your name my name is like
jam from like Santa Monica bro
I like surfing longboarding I like
holding my longboard more than I like
skateboarding Lou it's like when people
have bikes and they walk them and not
ride them you know the German look at
this gut and I said oh so there dude
can't even fit the gut in the belly
so who the hell are you what do you do
here now apparently I render what the
hell's remain my name is Jason Jason you
said Jay I'm five million mileage after
you stand to computer for a while
earlier because the time to figure out I
was trying to download this LJ
downloader so I can get fulsome stuff
thank you welcome to the team and keep
doing some enim to the town like a cat
oh yeah bro what's your favorite tactic
I don't know man it's a lollipop I think
you got fucking clogged and everything
steps do you think you want to do it
what is this the rain singer community
my finger I mean like you're going to
looks like a pot of shit so though later
going to be a singing ring on your body
that's a hard hard L you can sing
oblique how can you tempt me with a
challenge no but you can do it though
I think you have an apple I don't know
what you do don't you call me an apple
wow that Joe has to do it if you do know
what it's going to press okay so I have
to lick it just lick it right in your
mouth oh god oh man I'm going hot stuff
come on just worked out in my favor
thank you you're welcome to do it first
I'm seeing who wants to take a look at
this delicious
well I Carolina Reaper absolutely okay
mother yeah okay so Danny's going to be
our test case because they don't know if
it's supposed to be like a full
Mao situation or a leg but then Joe your
neck well so we have Carolina Reaper
Trinidad scorpion ghost pepper stinger
I have had a go separate before and I
did throw up so when I was young
anything that scorpions Carolina Reaper
I'll do that do I have to stuck on in a
while before I get to the good part
always in he every time that was a good
hard look and that was just like outside
candy I got a little bit of this resin
poking out I can feel it kind of but I
barely if you were to suck on this I
would imagine it would be I'm still
doing a little deeper feel like that's
the choice you're gonna have to do it's
not too bad for me building here I feel
like just say you know I think you guys
locked down with the videos in the end
up having a baby can you sit down camera
side-by-side probably rock paper
scissors for whichever one's gonna be
the worst one and you got to get through
the whole lollipop
I will done you look it's a pretty good
cut the tiniest little about index it's
like you got a oh you have to get
through it
I will die you're starting to emerge
going to happen is I'm going to get to
the end of it would be crying and I have
to drastic art to make a dinosaur with
this alright I'm not doing I'm gonna put
that on this one down how you gonna do
that Joe I'm not going to do anything in
their life will actually myself take
going through the team that's why when
we did four challenges with hash I did
it except the time we did with Mary
because that's Monday video huh that's a
Monday video you both Jam these in your
mouth and we just have a camera on it
one is three to four times hotter than a
habanero and the other is a four or five
so the left foot each sill
