well where's everybody at me Arabs at
lunch
Pyrus a little dizzy it's a good day
yeah
put out a good show yeah there's no
mess-ups everyone worked as a team I'm
very very happy a lot of stuffs happened
but the team works after you and Keith
you know what do you mean there's only
disappointing me
what hey I'm making a video right now
isn't that amazing I'm using a camera
and the power of the Internet I wasn't
prepared to talk so I got a few minutes
before I jump into into another thing
good show today everything's been great
I made some announcements on a drink
we'll eat yesterday and now I have to
move on a lot of those things so the
first thing brand brand new poster
 day poster a poster it says what
am I supposed to do today oh yeah that
idiot then we got a mug but I do not
have a mug prayer so oh it looks so nice
like and definitely not like art that I
pasted in pose also I've already
announced it on the philip defranco show
but we are starting a book club it's
going to be a once a month thing the
first one is going to be World War zis
this specific version oh my god more
Clif Bar which is fun for me because one
of my favorite things way way back in
the day is when we did a show called
Movie Club we did that as Netflix now I
feel like this is the Reeb ringback
education that's a real word of audience
interaction which is really going to be
just the start of it I talked about this
a little in the town hall but one of the
shows that we're wanting to launch does
involve community outreach people
sending in videos we don't have any tech
behind it so we're having to use there's
a basic barebone system I'm excited I
don't know if you can even feel that I
feel like there's a lot of that's
about to happen oh and there's a new
daily live show that I talked about but
I can't talk about with you okay I have
to go I have to go film a thing bye
forever Joe what am I going to do that I
mean there's less going on today I
can just film stuff yeah I guess that's
what I usually do yeah what do you do
I don't know I'm putting in a member one
more time cos is my favorite thing to do
I never got to touch it it's so not at
all why is getting rid of it
hmm I just started putting tea tree oil
in my yes good for your scalp
Ryan pairs going by cutting off and in
makes a ten minutes at the hair salon
what I know not even oh but you're
cutting it here great I'm getting salon
day guys remember member you think
you're fooling anyone with that top knot
you don't want to like document your
here we go
why I've never documented it before I'm
sure they would love to depress you here
once do any last words it'll be back
some point it's going to be like your
hair gym like amendment and I'm not
going to come out I'm a beautiful salon
come on sir so you have a nice running
relationship with my weight at the salon
so yes I'm gonna why not support you
know can you bring back just a little
bit you can Celotex
no for not telling my I've stolen we're
poor here you're worn under it yes I
can't pack a lot good look I want to go
down yeah do one more sake I'll do it in
slow mo hold on
what so are you guys doing oh you know
just plan with folder cycle teams
we're throwing some stuff up into the
ceiling and try to figure out the best
way to this way to do that I'm gonna
leave a message in here for the decade
from now it'll be like a time capsule I
know it will be yeah probably just like
a candy wrapper or something so you guys
are technically just fitting pants into
the ceiling take like kidding so like
H&M H&M pants which are recycled and
packed into that plastic they're also
pre-stressed apparently she's pre-stress
it to try and cut down on the sound in
the studio as well as insulate so it's
not as hot what's bird flu going
on guys masculine oh no it's not if she
it's not dangerous
it's just gifting your mouth how do you
know it's the dead in the nut bird flu
after good I don't know bird you were
going back around yeah it's always
around man so is there conspiracy theory
whenever news gets boring bird flu flu
flu time they release the bird flu you
get it it's distrusted I had to work
with him every day we should build my
condolences
happy to do secondary audio we don't
have to redo all see how crazy it was my
channel just like it just as skilled
like everything now right yeah bill got
double much we've had issues here and
there with some of the other sources and
so that's why I like you've heard like
Oh today sounds really actually or it
doesn't sound as good it's because we
end up having these things that having
to use the backup rode mic
whereas this gives us double the
pleasure a power of redundancy sometimes
we've had the ADR the whole so you know
so we have to do that and that we've had
theory or shows the past week good I
read the height of people here an active
sentences
that's why anytime I can blame it on
other people perfect that's great you
just Irish dig in that's when we do a
close yeah it looks like let's get real
sexy I like the Huns like real sexy yes
you think holy look at boy as a
 boy but that hinders blowing the
 up rude let me see so I get three
six-figure he goes yeah whoo God's glory
it's funny cuz I went when I landed
we're talking about starting a vlog but
then told her I was that you wanted to
come with she's like she should come
with her show man they were playing a
copyright music movement up well it
looks great on you the new dude I would
love if you could clip the ball gorgeo
just goes up to the front is what can
you turn the music on we're shooting a
lot if on copy written music you can
plug this one in karaoke version look
like Beckham any words about the new do
any words know just feel it's time for a
change you like they already it sounds
our champion change
you test after test is exactly for cake
pops cake pops and blood
these are soldier two before the posture
we're getting ready for the next
shipment and the design is fire I cannot
wait for everyone to see them right but
this is a we can package them and make
sure they get there perfectly good yep
hey job or spell mother and this is wait
one two three four five six seven eight
nine ten by twelve in there we have 20
more of these boxes coming through that
door let me do that door you're not have
to start getting creative with placement
but I'm just feeling people reason in
the bird flu yep all the birds would do
and all that bird flu looks like it's
snowing hey Brian what if you need to
attach the whole you know what I was
actually going to take my pants off
again after that I would touch the
different feelings mean you could
literally sleep on it if you want can i
breathing out a little particles that
are floating around this room yeah he's
a little bit also about to give the
entire audience bad luck I don't know
the bottle break your glasses
we built much darkness we definitely did
not blow a circuit if you hit this thing
on the walls like definitely turn on
send over their games we totally Alfred
Hitchcock right
I need like office organization I can't
see anything anyways so good
that's why the lights are actually two
are so you can't see the match that is
little like we're doing windows in a
news we're not why your identity really
you'll never believe we're philip
defranco group I have all the other look
you just saved money on voice
modification yeah
so I up to now so we are about to stream
the town hall to the beautiful to prank
Willy tape we go into like the analytics
to the show we try to explain why
certain things are what we're doing
who's joining why they're joining and
then take questions just a lot but it's
one of my favorite things that we offer
and do for the the elite peeps sounds
good man why does am I saying elite
peeps I've literally until I was talking
now never called them that sounds like a
t-shirt opportunity
Oh too many people want bad sure all
right so I'll get bird flu in here
because they put all that insulation and
did I hear you saying that bird flu is
in a real thing now I'm saying that news
only brings it up and there's nothing
else to talk about
it's the worst outbreak of avian
influenza never hit the UN human
infection is rising rapidly 212 people
have died thank God mark you know what
yeah did you notice that like if there's
one plane crash they talked about it and
yeah or like the one guy got taken off
United every thing like someone's
like I was inconvenience and news like
tell us more yeah holy
someone brushed your shoulder yeah what
sorry video all right be more shake oh
yeah all gone down and now look at me
and with to give me a whip right yeah
