okay Phil hello how's your day going
pretty good yeah I like how your blue
shirt matches the blue in the background
though hopefully not too much yeah we'll
just key it out whatever you want in
there Oh bill who do you think is the
smartest in the office
whoa if we talked about this before I
think Ryan's probably the smartest
person Ryan okay okay we're gonna there
are a lot of smart people in the office
but so today we're gonna test this alpha
B that was today we're playing some
brain games with with some people cool
yeah so we're gonna see who has those
brain teaser smarts and we're gonna pair
a couple people I've got Luke and Ryan
together Brian and Hilary Cecilia and
Alyssa and also we got the Zack and
Keith who do you think has the advantage
here Frankie that's a no okay sorry Luke
and Ryan might work but the only thing
that might hurt them is communication it
was Hillary a New Brighton could maybe
work okay that's like a kind of a wild
card random team yeah we should show and
then it was Cecilia and ELISA who that
that's probably a strong team well who
do you think's gonna lose I wanna feel
like I'm picking on overtime I say Brian
Brian Hillary yeah okay all right I just
yeah the more that I think about it I
just don't know if they can if they're
gonna work together on different
wavelength oh yeah I think we have seen
them on camera before together yeah I
don't think they even met before all
right Phil uh well cool we're gonna have
fun with this and it's gonna be fun do
you want to try it brain teaser Phil
sure okay I didn't prepare one cool what
you thought I was just to say no all
right cool Phil you did great thank you
okay call exam two please good we're
gonna do it and by brain puzzles like
words are no bit of both missile
thoughts what's your game plan I really
like okay cool thanks yeah where did you
get these brain teasers I made them all
up cuz I'm a fucking genius baby you
have ten puzzles right here you have to
do them in order you have ten minutes to
complete the puzzle you can guess or
pass on a puzzle but either way if you
get it wrong or you pass it's considered
wrong you can't go back
write it on there or we step it helps oh
there's math oh no the loser has to
clean out the fridge we do so the
punishment for losing this is to do a PA
task not cleaning out this Ridge because
Zack leaves his stuff in there you also
have to use something I know it was so
bad it was so bad ten minutes on the
clock right now degrees to go fine eight
in the text below Circle T it's in
circle leads how many are that cool done
wait sure we didn't even look this order
the eighth in the text I think Texas is
these numbers I get that but we didn't
even look at it it's right there as well
oh okay let's circle both of them okay
okay all right
here's one has a brother how many
children doesn't mr. Smith hat but yes
okay can't just be buzzed that's fine it
can be minimally what okay I'm just
gonna go with you
yeah so if you have three brothers do
has a brother
yeah five what number is hidden under
the car 26:16 Oh 6 68 88 blank 98 58 I
fucking hate these I don't want to do
the math for this 16 minus 10 is a 1 6 a
7 6 is 6 this is 26 1 minus 10 minus 10
gives you that crazy between here's plus
30 I'll give us 118 so ya got the minus
10 for each one right 26 minus 10 is 16
minus 10y separately money we need more
time in 10 minutes this is where we
think all of our time if we try and do
this okay we can skip it we're skipping
that 188 Plus this is minus 10 yeah I
put 77
makes no sense but uh
with so many salmon then I say pets I'm
guessing 1787 can you find the mistake
yeah 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
what's my sake it's funny the color of
the rainbow yeah oh gee babe
let's see ROYGBIV right red orange
yellow green really red orange yellow
green blue indigo violet the five and
the nine shouldn't really be there can
you find the can you find that mistake
well duh so there's two those yeah can
you find them it's very nice violet this
is not necessary I'm saying that the
five and nine aren't necessary colors
yeah that's a mistake still yeah a
rainbow and today is Monday what is the
day after the day before the day before
oh if today is yeah I got it right
though all right what is the day after
the day before the day before tomorrow
so tomorrow it's Tuesday okay the daiba
Monday today is Monday
what is the day after the day before the
day before tomorrow so that's three days
ago what is the day today is Monday so
what is the day after the day why don't
I just say Tuesday cool
the day before tomorrow is today the day
after the day which is so after Monday
so it's Tuesday we'll go with Tuesday
Tuesday mmm so before tomorrow was the
Tuesday okay so before I think it's
Monday yeah Monday oh my god ah wild you
want to do bottom up top oh yeah so this
Y doesn't have it I'm gonna cross out
but make sure you try it from always oh
are you starting for the dog yeah well
it can't be this simple little only one
match to fix the equation
six only one match careful if you do
this wrong and get a backward 6o moving
on right here five plus one equals six
move out there yeah that's a backward
six yeah that looks so right to me oh
yeah no it looks wrong again let's move
this one to make it five plus one equals
six right no that's a backwards six what
if we move this one over and that's that
doesn't equal something technically
that's correct I don't understand is the
equation doesn't have to equal something
right one wrong oh just give it
we're just gonna skip it Joe I think he
got us here give us bullshit
I say let's move on or get ya move on 50
seconds yeah got it
nine you move this in the plus two here
to make a nine nine minus seven equals
two can you solve this fruit math
equation Apple equals seven Apple is
seven grape is twelve three bananas keep
that in mind I can't do math keep going
awesome job okay apples are one plus
banana so this is 7 this is six seven
plus 12 plus 6 is that right yeah this
one Apple the Seven Summits eight times
three we can definitely answers we just
don't have to to him 25 okay
okay so I'm at am I gonna have to write
it up no that's right
that's my bad we didn't have colleges
and we do have magic color so then
apples equals seven and a banana plus
one equals Apple so apples plus bananas
plus graves because 25 oh there's a
bunch of bananas shit how many holes are
in this shirt
none this is easy season six how many
holes are in the second one two three
four five six sure is it through the
back to how many holes are in their cert
one two three four five six
wait wait there's also holes in the back
one two three four and then eight eight
holes Oh
I hate this no go a go at eight one
eight three four five six seven eight
yeah yeah one two three four five six
oh it's on both sides I'm gonna be
counting that Oh one two three four five
high five one the same moment but they
don't have the same birthday anyway
people are born at the same moment but
they don't have the same birthdays how
could this be probably they're on
different sides of the planet oh yeah
yes challenge Phil the only end better
punishment is to clean out the fridge
well let's take a look first let's take
a look at it what this smell like the
smell I don't really have a sense of
smell really I have a very good smell so
like what in this rack here do you feel
it's been here too long
for like two we watch oh god this is
awful - that the body doesn't need to be
here someone's old okay era it's rock
solid actually you're part of the
problem it's gross fried chicken see
stuff on the bottom that's gross come on
it's mac and cheese and so it's probably
Zach's oh god yeah here let's have
someone smooth No
No it smells like an old heart you guys
wanna be in the puzzle challenge now no
puzzles no Bryan I didn't want it to be
unfair
you guys like puzzles yeah so you don't
want to play poker game now if you see
me playing the puzzle game in a video
later it's because Jeff forced me to do
it I will smile and I might tell a joke
but I will be held against my will
